“I’m not sure what made him stop. I’m not sure if any of my family members were aware. I think my brother has figured it out, but at the time, no one knew.”
John opened the door to find Sherlock standing on the stoop, looking out onto the busy street before him. For several seconds they stood in silence as John's heart skipped several beats like it always did when he saw Sherlock ever since St. Bart's. Perhaps Sherlock had heard the door open, but he didn't make any indication that he had. John cleared his throat as a Tesla drove by.
“Another notch in your bedpost, eh, Sherlock? Bet you’ll sleep good tonight.” He subtly made a rude gesture, but Sherlock ignored him completely, instead turning to John.
Why do you insist on being my friend? I’ve never understood why you chose me as a flatmate. I don’t understand why you’re so desperate to get me back now.
Sherlock strode over John and bent over, carefully shielding his hands as he typed. With flourish, he tapped the enter key, and the home screen sprang up.
ok, this is the real end. It's short but it's all I can manage for now. Maybe someday I'll bulk it up.
It was Sherlock’s turn to be surprised—his mouth popped open into a perfect ‘O’ as he shot upright, nearly falling off the couch. “You—what?”
See, this is where you’re supposed to contradict me. Give me your best deduction, Sherlock. What have I been doing the past 9 months?
John's now-empty teacup was placed haphazardly on the coffee table as well, giving John the chance to cup Sherlock's face in his hands. He straightened in his chair, entire body tingling, as their mouths moved together.
John closed the space between them, smiling as he leaned his forehead against the detective’s chest. “Look, I know you don’t need my help. But it’s been a long day and I’m exhausted and nothing would please me more than taking a nice hot bath with you before going to bed.”
Looking back, there was nothing Sherlock could have done to avoid it. In any case, his little game would not have lasted forever. But the detective didn’t expect it to be so
A shocked laugh escaped John’s throat before he could contain it. Of course, he had had his speculations about Sherlock’s sexuality, but John had always assumed that Sherlock was some level of asexual.
Anderson, unaware of this silent exchange, snorted. “He had an update last night. John forgot to reinstall social skills. Not that it makes much of a difference.” He seemed pleased at his own cleverness, looking up at Sherlock smugly.
John kept his eyes closed as the detective returned from the loo, afraid that his desire for Sherlock would show on his face if he looked over. Sherlock padded around the living room for a minute before making his way back to the couch.
John could feel his pulse in his throat as he swallowed again, suddenly very aware that Sherlock’s eyes were an impossible shade of slate blue. They both hesitated, breaths mingling, before Sherlock finally closed the space between them and pressed his surprisingly soft lips to John’s.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and bit back a sarcastic remark, stepping aside to let the doctor into the tub first. Once he had settled, Sherlock climbed in as well, nestling between John’s spread legs.
“What?” John griped after a few seconds of silence, eying the detective with disdain. His annoyance melted very quickly when he saw the somber look on Sherlock’s face. “What’s wrong, Sherlock?”
I’m coming to let you in. And you’re going to explain to me again what you’ve told me over text today. And then I might have a new answer. About you. About us.
Sherlock followed suit and sat on the covered toilet, towel firmly wrapped around his waist. Despite John’s thorough drying, the ends of his curls were dripping slowly onto his back, and he shivered as John assembled the required supplies.
In the same strange, low, emotionless voice, Sherlock continued his story. “That was before much was known about post-traumatic stress disorder, especially in children, but I believe that what I developed would have been called hypervigilance. I began distrusting everyone I encountered; I would scan every room for exits as I entered them. I would carefully look over anyone in my presence, looking for any signs that they meant to harm me. It helped that I was already an intellectually gifted child. I saw things adults didn’t notice. Everyone had secrets, and I found them, and it made me even more suspicious of others.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "It should be obvious. I'll unlock your computer, but you can't change the passcode without knowing the current one. You'll have to work it out."
I don’t leave the flat anymore because I kept seeing you everywhere. Every tall man with dark hair makes my heart leap when I see them from a distance.
Three months ago, you left me. It’s been three months and a day since I slept through the night without waking up from a nightmare.
A chuckle bubbled out of his mouth as he leaned his head back against the crate, breathing slightly laboured. Christ, he was getting out of shape. His eyes closed and he listened to the sound of running footsteps. Game plan, Watson. Strategy.
The second thing he noticed was that he was not alone on the couch. There was a head pressed to his chest, hair tickling John’s neck. Their legs were intertwined, which made a swift escape very difficult indeed. Against his hips he could feel a chest rising and falling gently, soft breaths huffing in and out of his companion.
Sherlock mindlessly unbuttoned his ocean blue shirt, shrugging it off alabaster shoulders. John turned away from the claw foot tub just as Sherlock was removing his belt.
Sherlock smirked at John before dashing off, around a corner and away. John sighed with a small smile. Typical Sherlock, using his body as a distraction. It really wasn't fair, because he knew John would cave so very easily under Sherlock when he asked. Perhaps John would pay him back later, at the flat, show him a real gun and show him some very improper uses of it which he knew from experience made Sherlock cum almost embarrassingly quickly.
John's eyes shot open and his gun was pointed within a second, aimed directly at Sherlock Holmes' heart. It didn't shake.
Seemingly satisfied, the detective turned. He addressed John as they walked away (John was several steps behind, having been frozen in shock when Sherlock began his departure.) “Now we’ve got to wait for a cab, thanks to your admittedly admirable impression of a statue. Pezzo’s?”
aware that the arousal pooling in his stomach was about to become obvious, seeing as his crotch was flush against Sherlock’s stomach. “Sherlock,” John grit out, unsure if it was a warning or a plea.
Sherlock tasted of mint and Earl Grey, lips soft and pliant beneath his own. God, John had always wondered what it would be like to nibble on that bottom lip of his, and it was every bit as wonderful as he had imagined. Sherlock chuckled, pulling back slightly so their lips barely touched.
I was waiting for you to respond. I’m not going to lecture you. This is going to be a civil conversation, which requires communication between BOTH PARTIES.
You’re speaking about things you have no understanding of. What do you think I was doing during those two years? I wasn’t relaxing on a beach in the Bahamas, John. You think I didn’t want to tell you? You think I didn’t wake up every day (or at the least the days that I managed a few hours of sleep) and consider calling you, or texting you, or stealing a car and driving to the nearest airport I could find so I could tell you in person? You think I enjoyed myself, enjoyed hurting you, enjoyed reading all of your texts that you sent me? Because yes, I read them. I read them all. And it killed me, John. You want to know why I haven’t finished that sentence? Because I don’t want to hurt you anymore. Your anger with me is far healthier than anything you’ve been through lately, and me getting more involved in your life will only cause you distress and danger. I’m not going to let you be collateral damage for my selfishness. So, yes, I’ve known what I was going to say. I’ve known since before the rooftop at St Bart’s. I’m just not willing to run the risk of hurting you anymore.
“Yes, really,” Sherlock smiled, pulling himself up so that John was straddling his lap. “And I am positive that I want nothing more than to get off with you. If you want to, that is,” Sherlock added, face falling slightly.
Sherlock’s gaze flickered shyly up to John’s, causing the doctor’s stomach to swoop in a way he hadn’t felt for a long time. “Can I assume that some of my other… deductions… are correct, then?”
Sherlock’s eyes fluttered closed as the cold, burning ointment was smeared across his temple by expert fingers. John carefully cleaned, disinfected, and bandaged the cut, finishing the ritual with a kiss to the covered wound. “There. You’re free to go.”
Sherlock snuggled up against John, amazed by his body heat. John kissed the top of his freshly cleaned head, wrapping an arm around the detective.
Breaking apart so that John could kiss Sherlock’s neck, he experimentally ground his cock into Sherlock’s. Both men moaned, Sherlock’s hands gripping John’s arse and pressing his closer. John pushed against the detective again, the friction just enough to satisfy him. It was like they were teenagers all over again, rutting in the basement while his mum was cooking dinner.
Behind him, John twisted to the left to grab a bottle of shampoo. Judging by the angle of his torso to the wall, he was reaching for his own shampoo instead of Sherlock’s- he almost protested, but the inexplicable draw to John’s scent held him back. With an all-too-familiar flick, John opened the bottle, pouring twice as much shampoo into his palm as Sherlock would have. Sherlock tensed as he waited for John’s fingers to jab into his sensitive scalp, but no such touch came. Instead, John carded his soapy fingers through the detective’s curls, his short nails gently scraping.
As the D.I. vanished behind a patrol car, Anderson approached with a sneer. Despite being outside the murder house and having concluded his forensics analysis, he still wore his blue coveralls. Sherlock had told John privately that it was meant to make him seem important, but John only thought he looked ridiculous.
Sherlock jerked away from John’s soothing ministrations, turning to face the doctor sternly. Bath water sloshed out of the tub and onto the linoleum with a weak splash. “John Hamish Watson, it would take a lot more than a couple of idiotic thugs to do me in. You cannot spend your entire life worrying for me. No one should take on a responsibility like that. I’m too liable to get hurt for you to be able to stop every single punch that is thrown at me.”
He sat down again and picked up his laptop, opening his browser and typing in Google.com. Odd... it usually popped up as a suggestion.
Pretending to be platonic with his best friend was getting harder and harder by the day, it seemed. John shifted slightly, sinking lower into the couch to relieve his aching neck.
But today’s not the day. Not yet. I’m not stupid enough to try to kill myself on the anniversary of your death.
Leaving John to remove his own socks, Sherlock tested the bath water. Of course it was the perfect temperature, not a single degree different than Sherlock would have prepared it to be. John never ceased to amaze. “Let me in first,” John protested as the detective went to step in. “I’m going to wash your hair.”
John laughed, one hand carding through Sherlock's impossibly soft curls. "Funny, I'd just come to that same conclusion."
John sighed internally, irrationally disappointed that Sherlock was leaving him so soon. John carefully lifted his leg so the detective could detract his, Sherlock’s torso twisting as he untangled himself from John. As Sherlock shuffled off to use the toilet, John resituated himself, carefully turning his neck to a better angle. He really should have just gone upstairs to his own bed, but he was still exhausted and the couch was too comfortable to leave just now.
of the event is enough to make Sherlock Holmes’ cheeks go a mottled sort of reddish-pink. John, however, loves the story and takes every chance he has to tell it. Although it has been slightly embellished over the years, his version goes something like this:
John swallowed. “Well, thanks. I mean, I needed the sleep,” he added quickly, wanting to clarify that he was
John's heart fluttered like a schoolboy on a first date. It's not as if you shared a flat with him for over a year and consider him your best friend, he scoffed to himself. "Of course. I just made a pot of tea, if you’re interested."
Eyeing the detective suspiciously, John relaxed his posture, arms dropping to his sides. "You're an enemy, Sherlock. I'm supposed to shoot you."
Again he paused, and again John felt a wave of nausea sweep over him. It wasn’t until Sherlock started again that John realized he was now speaking at normal volume, voice slightly less robotic. He wondered how long Sherlock had wanted to tell this story, how many times he’d practiced it and revised it so that every word had a purpose and he got his point across exactly how he wanted it.
He buried his nose and lips into Sherlock's long, graceful neck. He breathed in his scent and the smell of sex as he released into the man he loved more than anyone. He held onto him as he slowly came back down to reality, feeling vulnerable and protective at the same time. His lips lazily grazed Sherlock's cheeks, lips and forehead before he inadvertently collapsed on top of him.
“You’re too kind, my dear Siger,” he said. “But please understand, this decision is made. I will be leaving for London within a fortnight.”
“That’s right,” John seethed. “It’s the same tommy-rot the old Sherlock would pull. Keeping secrets, unilateral decision-making, me ending up the fool.”
“‘I’ve got another dead body, Holmes, and this one is partly because of you. You want to tell me what the hell we should do now?”
He motioned for Sherlock to stand with him in front of the wall casing. At least 30 batons were on display. Brook motioned to the one in the upper right hand corner, hanging vertically from a hook.
John stripped himself and knelt onto the bed as Sherlock crawled into the middle of the sheets. Sherlock took John’s fingers and put them into his mouth and sucked and left them very wet. He then placed them between his legs, and he let John rub him there along his body.
Sherlock marveled at how his long, slender prick completely disappeared into John's throat. He felt the sensation of being swallowed whole over and over while watching  John's adam's apple bob up and down. He moaned in response, his hips writhing and trying to buck, but his partner laid a strong, solid arm over his abdomen to hold him down. His head fell back, his curls tickling his shoulders as he floated away, the heat surrounding him, John's thick fingers between his legs, making him feel everything.
“Tell me what you want me to do,” John demanded. A hot tear escaped the corner of his eye. "I'll do anything. I don't care anymore. I have to be with you."
Sherlock watched John's lips, wet and perfect. "Yes, I’m sure," he said softly. "Just..." His soft gaze met John's. "Talk to me. Please. Tell me what to do."
John lowered his hand and gently brushed his palms against his narrow shoulders. “Now let me see,” he said softly.
With a twinkle in his eye, he turned and rumbled down the steps, his long coat trailing behind him like a cape.
Donovan, who had just walked out of the guardhouse, reached down and touched the substance, rubbing it through his fingers in front of the light.
Sherlock shook his head. “That was not the commentary I was expecting. He seemed rather disappointed in my performance.”
“Nothing” said John turning red. His hand moved over his chest and nervously grabbed his jumper at the neck.
He closed his fist and lightly pulled, eliciting a gasp from Sherlock’s shiny, slightly swollen lips.
By the time John and Mr. Steiler reached the top of the summit the sun was setting behind the mountains. More villagers were on the path behind them, armed with torches, rope and medical supplies.
Willam’s breath smelled sweet from the wine. His eyes glistened with a mixture of want and innocence, a combination John found deeply erotic, and that was before the man had conjured the image of touching himself to the sounds of his and Felipe’s lovemaking.
The day was overcast but warm as John walked alongside Felipe through the rows of carefully kept vines. He was only half-listening, as his mind continued to drift back the way Felipe's hand had crushed his the night before, both suddenly bound together in their grief.
“I'm traveling to Marseilles to visit a friend. She’s not expecting me for another week, so I took a detour.”
John was already sweating when Sherlock looked down at him, a look of pure pleasure on his face. His chest was rising and falling with jagged breaths. He held on gently to Sherlock’s hips as Sherlock grew used to John filling him up.
He heard William shout his name as the gun as knocked out of his hand, and the next thing he knew, he was lying flat on his back on the museum floor with the wind completely knocked out of him.
John smiled then, and no sooner had Sherlock closed the door behind him that John fell into bed, asleep as his head hit the pillow.
A few screams pierced the air as Sherlock ducked just in time, the chair smashing against the wall behind him. His own seat slipped out from under him as he fell hard onto the floor, his bow flying out of his hand and landing somewhere in the reed section.
John walked slowly to the side of the bed and sat on the edge. Sherlock handed him a cup of brandy. John gulped it eagerly.
John pulled out the letter, but before he opened it to read, Sherlock placed a gentle hand on his. The nobleman gave him a small reassuring smile and gave his fingers a gentle squeeze before releasing them.
Sherlock was in his robe slumped in a chair in the sitting room. It was too painful for John to bear, to see in broad daylight the demise of his best friend, his lover, brilliant scientist, teacher, military spy, the Earl of Cornwall’s second born.
The director broke up the whispers as he stomped back onto the block and rapped his baton against the music stand.
Six months had passed since they had first arrived in Tangier. John spent morning to mid-afternoon in the village treating and working with the locals. The rest of his time was spent outside exploring or leisurely combing the beach.
Sherlock indeed remembered how to ride, as he easily approached the animal and mounted with ease. The two men rode for hours over the estate, taking in the blue skies and rolling hills, having fun mapping and pointing out the plots and ponds. They came to an open pasture near a creek and dismounted, letting the horses eat and rest in the field. John sat down on a nearby rock and pulled out his canteen and a sandwich. Sherlock eyed the food like he was a man starving.
Sherlock struck his bow against the strings and played, at first easily keeping up with Brooks’s pace, then struggled, then fell embarrassingly behind.
John bit his trembling lip and looked away, a mixture of guilt and gratitude washing over him. He took a deep a breath and managed to meet Felipe’s gaze.
“Come here,” he whispered against Sherlock's lips as slipped back into bed. He opened the jar and dipped his fingers inside.
John awoke with a start, rattling the old cot in the apothecary. He ran a palm over his damp face, forcing himself to concentrate, lifting himself out of the hellish nightmare that seemed to catch up with him every few days.
There was a loud, hard knock at the door. John sat up and removed his gun from the holster fastened underneath the cot’s frame.
When John entered him, Sherlock was relieved at how willingly his body accepted him, as if it wanted to suck his lover in as far as he could go.  He immediately felt better with John in control, his weight pressing down on top of him. John fucked him ever so slowly, their eyes locked together as their breaths mingled and hot mouths met over and over, Sherlock's long slender member trapped between their warm bellies, hard and slick.
Felipe’s face suddenly crumpled as he curled his large hand into a fist, pressing it against his lips to stifle a sob.
“Mother, the doctor says you are in a bad way,” he said softly. “I think he means you're dying.” His voice broke as he said the last word. A sob escaped his throat. Tears wetted his cheeks.  “I don’t know what to do,” he whispered helplessly. “Mother, tell me what to do.”
“Stop,” said Sherlock firmly. “Just, don’t.” He glanced up at John with tired eyes. “You really don’t know, do you?”
Sherlock took another sip of his whiskey. "Did you know I'm a detective?" He brought his finger to his lips, and shushed loudly. "But don't tell anybody. John doesn't know." He paused. "I probably should have told him."
It was still night when John awoke with Sherlock wrapped around him like a blanket. He was hot and sweating but didn't care: he nestled in and listened to Sherlock breath softly behind him.
Ahad then reached behind him and handed John the medical bag he’d arrived with two months before. It was the one from Felipe’s apothecary.
“M’lord, Sherlock...he…”John managed, his voice strained, barely above a whisper. “He’s brilliant...he…”
“Our bodies heal,” said Felipe. “But your friend, his injury is in his mind. Treating the mind is not so easy.”
“It is,” he replied. The Earl paused for a moment, thinking. “I know my estate is quite far from Berwick, but I wish to extend to you an open invitation to Land’s End and guaranteed employment in my household. It's the least I could do for what you've done for me.”
The guest bedroom. He’d never spent much time in the room. It was the only place in the whole flat that didn’t remind him in some part of what he’d lost. He’d bought a new chair and had it placed in front of the hearth, but at an angle so he could still look out the window.
“Bottoms up,” he said, swallowing the entire contents of the glass, relishing the burn as it made it’s way down into his chest.
“Good,” replied John. His fingers threaded into Sherlock’s curls, and he smiled that John Watson smile that turned Sherlock into mush. “I don’t want you running off without me again.”
An hour later, John dared to slip into the cool side of the bed, with Sherlock curled up fast asleep on the other side.
Sherlock had a terrifying thought that he was going to have to make John stop, when he felt warmth fill him from inside. John thrusted and jerked and stopped breathing, then collapsed onto his back, his chest heaving and sweat pouring from his forehead.
Though thoroughly engrossed while working, when alone, John suffered. He missed Sherlock so much he physically ached for him. Every night, just before falling asleep, he’d fantasize that his nobleman was lying next to him. In his mind’s eye he’d run his hand over a slim hip, slide up a lithe torso (stopping to brush a hardened nipple or two) then stroke a long, elegant neck. His fingers would then massage a head of wild, curly hair as he pressed himself against a warm backside.
“Order up!” yelled the chubby middle-aged man behind the counter. Molly snapped out of her perfect moment, almost toppling over as Sherlock left her side to make his way to the counter.
He leaned forward, and with a handkerchief from his jean pocket, gently wiped Sherlock’s chest clean. He then pulled him back up to his feet, just like that day in the park. Both men buckled up their trousers, but John made Sherlock turn around so he could brush the bits of grass off his coat and out of his curls.
"John," groaned Sherlock, his cheekbones and pale chest pressed up against the well-worn tile, his arse pushing back into John’s probing tongue.
“Perhaps,” answered Felipe. His expression was kind but wary, as if he didn’t want to approach the sore subject between them, but was going to anyway. “I need fresh air. Is there someplace we can go? Someplace quiet?”
John steeled himself for the impending introductions and possible recognition. Sherlock had told him ad nauseum how much he didn’t resemble the John of years’ past, but he was still positive the name with a face would surely draw attention from the dowager.
John felt his body respond to William’s touch, his desire roaring to life like stoked embers in his chest.
It suddenly all became too much for Sherlock. He began to fidget, then sigh. He tucked his long fingers under his thighs, but his leg continued to bounce without ceasing for a full 3 minutes and John folded like a bad hand in poker.
“This is the ‘64,” he said proudly, pulling out one of the chairs from the table and sitting. He stretched out his long legs and sighed in relief. “There’s only a dozen bottles left of this in all of the world.”
“Dr. Watson, it’s a pleasure.” The marquess eagerly shook his hand. “I’m sorry for the circumstances that has kept Dr. MacDougal from attending, but I’m thrilled to meet one of his rising stars.”
Sherlock nodded eagerly. John removed his hand from his mouth, noticing the impression of pink fingerprints on the side of Sherlock's pale cheek.
“Anytime you’re ready, Sherl,” he said, spreading his powerful legs wide, his huge, leaking cock red and lying against his six pack abs.
“Sherlock, there’s something you should know about Raibert,” John said carefully. “He seems simple, and harmless, just a shameless flirt. But he’s manipulative. And selfish. Quite a charlatan, actually.”
John dropped to his knees, his tongue sliding from the tip of Sherlock's jutting tailbone all the way to his center, working the soft flesh with his tongue until it began to loosen.
John did as he said. His letter back to Mycroft was as brief as the one he'd received. He simply conveyed his inability to return to England at the moment, but he hoped to make the trip sometime in the next year.
John laughed. “Oh, yes, you are. You stole those vials from my apothecary. Medicine to be used for less fortunate people who really could use it. It’s disgusting.”
Anderson, first chair violinist for beginner band, was a flawless technical player, though he was disliked by most of his classmates. Today’s choice of music was wreaking havoc on everyone’s nerves, but Anderson was in rare form. He cursed under his breath as the brass once again missed their cue. The director stepped off the box to work one on one with the trumpets, leaving the rest of the orchestra bored out of their minds.
Sweat flies from his curls, his eyes tightly shut to keep the wetness from sliding in as he plays faster and faster and he realizes that the sound he’s producing is no longer beautiful but an annoying wail that sounds like a child’s wind-up toy -
Sherlock did as he was told, forcing his arms steady as his bow struck the strings of his instrument. He played well, but he felt the wooden stick sliding softly around his neck and down his back and into the cleft of his trousers.
Two Afghan soldiers stood over him, one holding a drawn sword to his neck and the other pointing a rifle at his chest.
Early one morning, John was walking back to the villa from gathering herbs for Maria when he overheard Felipe arguing with Francesca in the kitchen.
John swiped a hand in the air, as if requesting Felipe to pay no mind to his state of sobriety. He pulled Felipe’s bag from him and draped it over his shoulder. He leaned a bit, but righted himself against the handrail.
“Thank you, Dr. Watson,” she said. “For being such a kind man to my sister. I know you must be very weary after these two horrifying months.”
Before Cromwell Music Conservatory of London became an internationally-renowned training ground for classically trained musicians, it's underground caverns housed a well-stocked wine cellar for the enigmatic Duke of Windsor, who had won the old dilapidated monastery in a card game in 1813.  Though located in a less than desirable neighborhood in London, the Duke's architectural desires rivaled his taste for good liquor, and he proceeded to restore the old gothic structure to most of its former glory. Upon his death, he donated the land and the building to the Sacred Heart Convent, and the nuns wasted no time in selling the libations for funds to fashion Romanesque catacombs in its place (as was the trend in London to do so at the time).  However, once the nuns had depleted their savings in engaging several (unethical) barristers to save the structure from demolition (Parliament was all but determined to make the corner upon which the building stood the number twelve station for the new tube line currently being built across the city), the government evicted the nuns and seized the real estate. Her majesty Queen Victoria, though a converted Anglican, was born and raised a good Catholic girl, and was rather incensed when she heard of the maltreatment endured by the hard-working nuns of the Sacred Heart. Miraculously (not to mention immediately) Parliament found a more suitable location for their new number twelve station, and the building and its use became a matter solely of her majesty's discretion.  And since the nuns had already moved downtown and happily acclimated to the St. James the Less monastery, the Queen’s wish to turn it into a proper music school seemed its next best use. This decision triggered the prompt removal of some of the dead bodies placed in the catacombs just decades before, transported via paddywagon to the burial grounds near Carrington Abbey. In its place, small, sound proofed rehearsal rooms were built.
When John finally awoke, a woman whom he did not recognize was by his side. As he stirred, she gave him some water and then disappeared, only to return with Peter and another tall, dark haired man.
John forgot about why he’d gotten up in the first place and slid in beside the young nobleman. There they lay, face to face, staring at each other in the moonlight, much like they had months ago when they first arrived in Tangier.
“Oh, I don’t know,” smiled John. “I dare say it was luck that bounced that rugby ball off your head.”
“I can’t do what you ask,” he said, his breath heavy, his chest heaving with want. “I’ll never be able to make love to you just once.”
“I realised it was over for me too,” he said softly. “I lay there next to Bill and I thought about my mother and my father and how I’d ended up halfway across the world seeing things that I never dreamed of, like temples and mountains and camels. And it sounds strange now, but I remember feeling grateful.” He looked up at Sherlock, his eyes glassy, but he was determined not to cry. Not a tear spilled as he took a deep breath. “The next thing I remember is waking up in hospital with horrible pain in my shoulder. When I begged for relief the nurse said they’d run out of morphine so I suffered for days until I was finally shipped back in India.”
Felipe stopped and gazed at John with a furrowed brow. His expression saddened as he ran his fingers through John’s blond hair.
John still shook his head. “But why did he take the headphones? Seems like a silly way to get caught.”
He locked up the small door and decided his next step was to ask Jean Pierre if he’d taken anything. He walked out into the street just as a large shadow loomed over him.
Sure enough, John’s things were laid neatly next to the bed. Dimmock walked to the corner and opened a door that John assumed was a closet. “We’ve unlocked the adjoining doors so that you may move freely in and out of Lord Sherlock’s room while he convalesces.” Dimmock then bowed. “If I may be of service, please ring the bell.”
He learned to read and he enjoyed writing. He liked doing his homework, especially when the servants offered to help him around the evening table.
Shocked, John laid there for a moment, then reached forward and placed both hands around Sherlock's skinny waist, sliding him back into his chest.
It was close to 2am in the morning, and Mrs Turner sometimes slept through the bell, so John sat down his whisky and held fast to the rail, stiffly making his way down the stairs.
Sherlock opened the door to the Sliver, and as soon as the two stepped inside, John's shins hit the frame of the twin bed.
John nodded but still looked as if he’d rather be anywhere else. The door to the carriage swung open, and Sherlock gave him an encouraging look as he stepped out onto the grounds. John took a deep breath and followed, holding his medical bag and hat in front of him as if some sort of protection. He followed Sherlock as they made their way up the drive. He looked around timidly and spotted Dimmock, Molly and Anderson. Molly smiled at him. John nodded to her gratefully and smiled back.
The room reverberates with a complex chord screaming from a violin. Over, and over, the wail of the crescendo is overwhelming, piercing the ears, pressing on the heart. Strike, strike the bow against the string, long, delicate fingers tapping the fingerboard as the young man - eighteen years of age - moves effortless with the notes, a serenity displayed clearly on his face, eyes lightly closed. His alabaster neck and forehead glistening with sweat as he effortlessly commands another run of the strings. His dark curls stick against his forehead, his lithe frame graceful against the pull of the delicate instrument against his chin. The run becomes frayed; there's slight hesitation...a missed note...a trickle of sweat makes its way over a squeezed eyelid…
“Maiwand was..." he began, then swallowed uncomfortably. “I was on front line. The Afghan artillery didn’t let up for days. Just kept shooting and shooting and shooting. I couldn’t think, between that and the bloody heat.” He paused, wiped his brow. “I saw my friend Bill go down, and I crawled over and tried to wrap my jacket around his head. He was bleeding, blood just...it was everywhere. And I felt something hit me in my shoulder and I can’t remember if I fell or it knocked me down, but Bill was there and he was looking over at me and he smiled. And I watched the light leave his eyes.”
“He said you fell down the stairs and broke your arm at the concert hall,” said Sherlock. His eyes narrowed in thought.  “But that’s not how it happened, is it?”
“There wasn’t anyone stationed there, at least not officially,” answered Sherlock. “Your orders were to defeat the rebels. Mine were to spy on the Russians.”
Raibert bought him an old fashioned, a sweet whiskey drink that Sherlock quite liked, and he drank until his stomach was warm and his mind was fuzzy. Raibert, much to Sherlock's surprise, turned out to be a charming and capable conversationalist. He spoke of Malta and his studies in India and his desire to join Doctors without Borders. He spoke of his family, and when he brought up John, he stopped, seemingly regretting it immediately.
As he took his final step onto the ledge and made his way around the giant rock overlooking the falls, John held his breath and prayed.
“You should take off those pressed clothes,” mumbles Sherlock, pulling him close. “We don’t want them to get wrinkled.”
It was Mike Stamford who encouraged him to submit his stories to the local paper. John felt utter shock when he received the publishing notice - in fact, they wanted to offer him a column if he had more.
Sherlock took the moment to close off and enter his mind, to gather his thoughts, to straighten out all the happenings of the last week and place it in the appropriate file in his brain.  He was surprised to find so many of entries on John Watson. He was spending a lot more time than he realized researching, or if he were being honest about it, daydreaming, about the young medical student. Sherlock's investigation had been pretty thorough, but had revealed little. John had an open Facebook profile, but the last entry was an uploaded photo of him with a young blonde woman in front of a Christmas tree with a caption that read “Harry.” St. Bart’s media page consistently featured his name on the dean’s list. Archives from the North West Evening Mail in Barrow showed an obituary for a “Hamish S. Watson” who died in 2009 and was ‘preceded in death by his parents, Truvy and Hamish W. Watson and is survived by his wife, Sandra, and his two children Harriet and John.’ This led to Sherlock hacking into the Barrow County Coroner's database to look up John’s father’s cause of death: advanced heart disease and liver failure. He was only 41.
The unexpected profanity made Sherlock choke with surprise into the teacup. He swallowed quickly as to reset his composure.
The two men took a long walk through Regents Park. The Spaniard took a moment here and there to appreciate the gardens and fountains, but mostly kept pace with John, who wandered aimlessly through the well-worn paths.
John grabbed his slender, pale hand into both of his and brought it to his lips, kissing it over and over.
"I know so," whispered Raibert. He gently brushed a finger against Sherlock's cheekbone. "You need someone to be there for you. You have your reasons for keeping secrets." He leaned in closer, his breath hot on Sherlock's cheek. "Especially when you're trying to protect them."
After glancing around one more time to make sure he was alone, Sherlock bit down on the clip of his phone case, and by torchlight, he pulled the lever with both hands and with a groan, the ancient bulwark swung open.
“Certainly.” John pulled at his cufflinks and removed his shirt. “But for now, I’m washing my face and having a kip. And you should join me.”
A comfortable silence passed between them as they listened to the birds chirp. A rabbit and her three kits hopped by, smelling the air and disappearing into the brush.
John stood up and stiffly motioned for him to step out into the hallway. The younger man rubbed the back of his neck as he looked up at the officer with bleary eyes.
For Sherlock, all those qualities, plus the fact John Watson was rather easy on the eyes, gave him the rare motivation to actually give a damn.
John had lived in London and been stationed in India and Afghanistan, but Berlin was like no city he’d ever seen.
The officer gave John a sympathetic look. He knew Felipe had told him the situation. It was just as well. John knew if he walked in and found Sherlock dead, he probably couldn’t bear to go on.
The old woman slowly took the money with a shaky hand, then turned and peeled off two old-fashioned two inch tickets from a large spool. She handed one to John and one to Sherlock.
John held out his hand. Sherlock slowly reached out and took it. The good doctor helped him to his feet and as they made the short distance back to the bed.
“Ok, little trouble there,” he said. Sherlock looked back at him, confused. Brook licked his lips. “No problem. Let’s pick it up from 17.”
Brooks sat his baton on the music stand, and bent forward. Sherlock could feel his warm breath on his forehead.
Instead, the door to the classroom swung open wide and hard, hitting the opposite wall and making a loud SMACK against the wall. Several jerked in their seats at the noise. The director quickly retreated to a corner of the room as Professor Brook, baton in hand, made his way into the classroom.
The Spaniard looked up from his journal and removed his spectacles. HIs large, brown eyes twinkled as he managed a small smile. He rose from his chair and extended his hand.
He heard a shout and a scuffle, and upon shining the light on the display case, saw William in hand to hand combat with a monster seven feet tall and a face that looked like something out of a Mary Shelley novel.
Luckily, the old road was a well traveled thoroughfare, and he was offered more than one ride. He arrived in the village mid-afternoon, dusty but not too worn out. He found the recommended inn and rented a room, and after freshening up, set out to explore the tiny town.
John awoke to a bright room and a throbbing head. He rolled over to go back to sleep and caught sight of Felipe’s jacket and hat lying on the chair opposite the bed. The happenings of the night before came roaring back, and he turned to find he was alone under the sheets. He groaned and rubbed his eyes, and caught the sound of muffled voices from the other side of the door.
Felipe's lips brushed his softly. When John didn't pull away, he pushed the younger man into the door and passionately devoured every inch of his mouth. Both men grunted as their bodies pressed tightly against each other, feeling the other stiffen with want. As their kisses grew deeper and longer, John slid his hand under Felipe's shirt and intentionally placed it over his scar.
John ran upstairs and got his medical kit.  When he entered Sherlock’s bedroom he couldn’t believe his eyes.
Of course, the brilliant man next to him, known for his amazing powers of observation, didn't notice.
The next morning, despite a few fallen limbs and some pummeled plants, there was no sign of the storm that had raged through the night.
“I’ve been chosen to assist with some heart surgeries next week,” he said cheerfully. “It’s quite a coup. I’ve had mates shooting me jealous looks all day.”
He heard the door open behind him. John turned to see Felipe enter, looking weary. He smiled and approached the Spaniard.
Lady Cornwall looked after John, insisting he stay at Land’s End. He stayed only a few nights, however, as he wished to return to London. Mrs. Hudson had fallen ill at the news of Sherlock’s death, and though her sister, Agnes, had arrived from France to look after her, he still wanted to make sure she was receiving the best care. Irene and Mycroft were secretly relieved when he left, as the thought of losing Mrs. Hudson so soon after Sherlock was almost too much to bear.
With each descending step Sherlock grew more and more convinced that Maestro Richard Brooks was doing more than teaching young musicians at Cromwell.  No doubt the man was fueled by a deep, dark desire to harm others. It wasn’t Brooks’s abruptness or demands or cutting words that Sherlock found disconcerting; it was the soulless intelligence behind those dark eyes, the sadistic streak that ran seamlessly through every word he spoke and every action he took. Brooks wasn’t just a temperamental diva, he was a force of nature, an anomaly. A personification of evil.
Felipe finally held John’s hips and slowly guided himself into his soft, slicked body. John welcomed him with a gasp, the absence of pain a surprise and then pure pleasure as the Spaniard began to move inside of him. His careful thrusts were aided briefly by a stroking hand, then Felipe leaned forward and pressed his muscled abdomen onto the younger man’s thickening length. He held John’s small, compact body against his wide chest and powerful hips, kissing his lips as his behind moved up and down in a gentle, relentless rhythm. John moaned in pleasure as he wrapped his short, thick legs around the Spaniard’s curved spine, tilting his bottom up to eagerly receive him.
“I see,” he said, trying not to smile. “Please know, that while I respect your profession- and I’m sure that you’re a fine physician - I am very well read on my condition.”
“The Boers are not behaving,” said Mycroft, as he took a small helping of potatoes off the platter held before him. “I gather our involvement will only grow.”
“It seems like you just moved in yesterday,” she says kindly. “It’s been so nice having you close again.” She reaches down and pats Sherlock on the shoulder. “You were always my favorite.” She winks, then squeezes his shoulder hard enough Sherlock winces. “Don’t tell your brother,” she whispers.
The strangler didn’t acknowledge William’s declaration - he just continued to glare at the gun pointed at him.
The room became completely silent. Sherlock felt shaken and disoriented. It took him a full twenty seconds before he was able to pull himself off of the floor and back into his chair. Someone from the band took pity on him and handed him back his bow.
“We’ll see,” John said. “Until then…” He dropped a blanket on top of his bedroll and set a lantern on the chair. “I’ll be perfectly fine here.”
John helped him to his feet, and Felipe barely had the strength to wash himself before he stripped off the rest of his clothing. Without a word, he curled up into the bed and fell fast asleep.
The rest of the night was a blur and later, when John looked back, he couldn’t remember much of anything except a lot of drinking and swearing and really bad jokes. He woke up the next morning with a horrible headache and a shilling in his pocket with instructions to report to the Glasgow magistrate’s office to be sworn in to her majesty’s army.
Sherlock felt their pricks touch as John kissed him deeply, his tongue licking and exploring the inside of mouth.
He tried the doorknob but it was as hot as a lit poker. He pulled off his jacket and turned the knob, but it wouldn’t budge. He slammed his whole body weight against the door again and again until finally it flew open. The flames shot out into the hall, singeing his arm.
Victor pulled back, a look of horror on his face. He shook his head, and in a raspy, accusatory whisper lashed out as much as he could without drawing attention of the others.
The University of Edinburgh School of Medicine’s teaching hospital was internationally renowned for its advancements in surgery. The operating theater was large and state of the art, with eight rows of benches looming over the surgical table below. John broke out in a cold sweat the first time he stepped into the room. Physicians from all over the world stared down at him from the benches, some bespectacled with notebooks, others scowling with critical eyes. He took several deep breaths and continue on, joining Dr.MacDougal in assisting with his first successful surgery as a fellow.
John pulled his body into his own greedy mouth. The pleasure he took was immediately given back to him as Sherlock pleased him from below. The covers were thrown to the floor as the two lay in the middle of the bed on their sides, head to foot. It was a lazy give and take as they enjoyed each other’s mouths and tongues.
John looked out and watched a house being torn down while another next door was being built. In some spaces giant skeletons of new buildings sat with workers hanging off the boards, hammering and swaying in the wind.  On the next block over, men were leveling sand for a new street. It was all exciting and noisy and discombobulating. John was relieved when they finally arrived on campus and unloaded their belongings.
“It doesn’t matter,” he said passionately, shaking his head. He lowered his head and whispered, “Don’t make me beg.”
“I know Albert Stuart died a few years ago. This would be his son, Matthew, who inherited the title,” he said thoughtfully. “I’ve found that servants in a household, if departed while young, are rarely recognized by the employer. You may well go undetected by the Stuarts, with the exception of the Dowager Marchioness.”
“Yes, thank you for your services,” said Mycroft, approaching his brother. “It’s good to know there are those with some civility in your sport.” He turned and glared at a tall, muscular rugby player standing off to the side.  “I hope you’re willing to compensate for any damages that he may have sustained.”
John sat with the brandy in his hand next to the fire, but he didn’t drink it. He didn’t feel like it. He’d waited all afternoon and evening for Sherlock to stir. The tin box sat on the small table between the armchairs.
John knew he hated to be coddled because of his condition. He admired William’s grit and rarely heard the man complain, though he often had reason.
“This is breathtaking,” said John, looking around as they climbed a hill. Tiny farm houses with little smoke stacks dotted the landscape. Sheep and cattle grazed together on one side of the estate, while hundreds of pigs slept warmly together on the other. John had not felt so free in years.
The Earl of Cornwall had complained of acute, severe pain in his abdomen. The local physician had surmised it was simply a flare up of his wound from the war. Within days, however, it was evident that something was seriously wrong with Siger Holmes. It turned out his appendix had ruptured, and it was too late to stop the damage.
Later, after John was stuffed full of bread, cheese and stew, he wandered for a good hour until he found a secluded grove of trees. The air was cool and perfect, and he settled in their shade and promptly fell asleep.
“On your knees,” Sherlock said, roughly forcing John to the ground. John's eyes flashed up in gratitude, then unbuttoned the bespoke trousers to pull out his lover’s cock.  John sucked his prick violently, slowing and pulling off as soon as Sherlock got close to coming, then starting all over with a nimble tongue and a wandering hand.
Felipe sat with his back up against one of the pillars, looking out across the city. The sun was bright but the ledge was shaded and cool. Felipe’s white shirt whipped in the wind, exposing his broad chest in patches. His fingers played with his full lips as he appeared lost in thought.
Though presented with multiple opportunities, William had refused to step beyond a two block radius of Baker Street. His excuses were plentiful, even plausible, but it was obvious he was wary of what London had in store for him. It'd driven John to the point of taking up work at the dispensary again just to get out of the house.
Ahad managed a tiny smile at John’s attempt at humor, then bent over and vomited up his entire supper all over the hospital steps.
They hadn’t stopped snogging since they'd left the pub. Raibert made quick work of discarding his own clothing once the door was closed. Sherlock tried to pull off his shirt, but Raibert had to help him. He nudged him toward the bed, but when the backs of Sherlock’s knees hit the mattress, he quickly pressed his hands against Raibert’s enormous chest in protest.
Raibert obeyed, helping Sherlock undo his trousers and making quick work of shucking his pants and socks.
John smirked. “Do you remember a brown bottle?” Sherlock nodded. “Amyl nitrate. Poppers. That’s probably why you have such a terrible headache. You’ve not got a normal hangover.”
The fame, very unexpected, upset John at first. Sherlock, who had become more beautiful with age, was constantly propositioned. Everyone wanted him; men, women, young, old, rich, poor. He loomed over crime scenes, could see things others couldn't, observing and dissecting and making connections with ease. Women would throw themselves at him, men chatted him up. Sherlock seemed indifferent to the whole phenomenon.
As routine, John knocked on his door and entered with riding clothes and boots. Sherlock, still in his robe, was packing a small bag with paper and pencil and small glass tubes.
The cook entered her kitchen, and she took one look at Sherlock and the flame and shouted, “Lord Sherlock, what have I told you about using my gas line for your experiments! What good is it for me to have a new stove to cook your supper if you're constantly interrupting my heat?”
The Duke and Duchess of Nottingham emerged from their carriage. Mycroft greeted them warmly as did his wife, Countess of Cornwall, Irene Adler Holmes. Sherlock stood off to the side, looking bored.
John watched the wind whip the trees and the lightning light up the cobblestone streets as they passed through northern London. The road became darker the further they got from the center of the city. Within 45 minutes or so, the large body of water loomed before them, in the night looking like a black, reflective oil slick stretching as far as the eye could see.
“Tell me what you need,” Felipe said quietly, stopping just shy of contact. His large hands tenderly brushed the sides of John’s arms.
John carefully made his way down the servant stairwell. The same stairs he had traipsed up and down as a child, the same stairs his mother had tumbled down to meet her demise. When he peaked around the corner, he saw the servants at the table, some polishing silver, other darning socks, all talking animatedly about the day's gossip.
In an impressing show of strength, John jumped up and grabbed the prongs, pulling himself up to peer into the room above.
Sherlock set his glass down and leaned forward. “You’ve been looking at me like I’m a firing squad for the last half-hour,” he stated. “Out with it,” he added quietly.
Then the man threw the stick to the side and pulled out a thick, glass rod and held it as if to penetrate his partner's well-exposed arse.
“What else do you want? A place no one knows you, someplace new, quiet, with beehives...that’s not much to ask. I just want to make sure I find what you want.”
His fingers warmed the substance until it was good and slick, and John felt himself being opened with care as Sherlock held him tight. His honeyed baritone whispered declarations of his devotion as he went deeper and deeper, leaving kisses all over his cheek, neck and back.
He dared to glance over at John, who was staring back at him in confusion and shock. They both turned back to the scene just in time to see clothed man pull out what looked like a long, rounded stick. He struck the young man’s naked back, not once, not twice, but three times in a row.
An unusually intense winter storm hit in late February and due to the weather, stopped all trains in and out of Edinburgh. Communication grinded to halt for a week as telegraph lines were compromised by the ice and sleet that followed the snow. It was treachery for John to simply walk to the hospital; he couldn’t imagine what it was like on the railways. He wrote a letter a day to Sherlock in Alnwick, hoping it might be delivered by rider at some point before the ice thawed.
“The mirror!” Mrs. Turner declared, her hands shielding her cheeks in disbelief. “Mr. Holmes, you could have been killed!”
William carefully entered the sitting room. He’d already removed his coat and hat and hung them in the hallway. He seemed nervous but excited. His clear blue eyes darted along every centimeter of the room, as if exploring and cataloguing its contents. He immediately focused solely on the bookshelves, pouring over them as if they were jewels in the king’s crown.
Felipe nodded, his gaze full of empathy. He didn't say anything and went back to peeling his orange.
One summer afternoon they sat in the meadow along the shade trees, John with his pencil and Sherlock with his samples, when Sherlock asked,
Sherlock lifted his long leg up over John's thick thigh. John wrapped an arm around his waist and pulled him snug against his chest. Slicked fingers began to dance along the younger man's behind.
Mycroft pondered the request. “I doubt you were in this condition when my father offered you the position.”
The soldier laughed. “That’s it! Nice job, laddie,” he said. “I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship between you and me. Have you ever thought about serving your Queen and country?”
Felipe paused for a moment, then began to chuckle. John dared to join him, easing the tension between the two men.
"Hey there,” said a dark haired, handsome man. He leaned against the bar on Sherlock's left side, a bit too close. "What'll you have?"
“I do hope you will reconsider dining with your family this evening,” John said softly. “They missed you terribly.” He swallowed, and dared to add. “We all did.”
Sherlock grinned. “I do know for the past two decades very tall footmen have been quite fashionable.”
Sherlock turned red, but refused to be intimidated. "I believe, Mr. McDougal, that your first "chore" should be to put on some clothes."
On the third day, John began to feel weak, and by midday had all but collapsed in exhaustion. The village doctor ordered him to immediate bed rest, but it was too late - a fever developed soon after, and John, as Peter had predicted, fell severely ill.
It had been years since John had been on a horse. It was a beautiful, crisp spring morning and the estate was just beginning to show signs of life again. Buds were on the cherry trees and the buttercups were blooming white and yellow alongside purple lilacs. The horses moved slowly along the trail as they went deeper into the grounds.
John smiled back in gratitude and squeezed her hand. “Mother,” he said. “I should like to return to Luss one day so I can learn more about him.”
John's teeth bit and tugged at his full lips. He ran his fingers tenderly down the concaved belly, where the hard, slender organ lay. He stroked with a loose fist as Sherlock groaned helplessly. Raw desire had replaced some of the anger in his beautiful, translucent eyes. John locked his own eyes on those crystal orbs and stuck out his tongue. He licked at his throbbing, red nipples, leaving them wet and glistening with saliva.
Two figures were barely visible behind the greenery. A tall, gangly ginger boy stood in front of a shorter boy with sunkissed blonde hair. They were laughing and touching. The ginger boy gently pushed the blonde up against the stone wall covered in ivy and kissed him. The kiss grew passionate as the ginger boy’s fingers were brushed the blonde’s cheeks.  The ivy moved along with them, tearing and falling around them. The boys chuckled.
Felipe was right. By the end of the week, the hospital was filled halfway with symptomatic patients from all over the city.
The professor sighs loudly with disappointment, puffing out his cheeks and blowing a raspberry with his tongue.
“Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?” he said, removing the Browning tucked behind John's back.
John froze and walked back into the brightly lit hall. He gazed at the footman with an eager expression.
When he felt like he could finally see without throwing up, he found himself towering over the sturdy young man who’d helped him stand up. “Thank you,” he managed.
Sherlock bent down and sweetly placed a chaste kiss on her cheek. Molly’s heart leapt into her throat, her body alive and buzzing.
“Right,” he said. Lestrade winked at Sherlock and motioned for them all to follow. “Come on, I’ve got a surprise for you.”
The steam blew out of the stacks as the metal wheels squeaked against the rails. The train began to move, easing its way along the platform.
Suddenly, strong arms had him by the chest and mouth, and he was dragged across the floor the short distance to the men’s loo.
After he’d finally convinced Mycroft and Mrs. Hudson he wasn’t about to pass out or die, Sherlock walked deeper into the park to his favorite spot, a large fountain with a giant fish spraying water from its mouth and gills.
John’s throat swelled with emotion at the Spaniard’s selfless offer. He kissed him since he couldn’t speak, letting his lips and tongue show his appreciation.
He sighed and gathered himself from the floor. “I’m grateful, John. You take care of my practical needs, and you do it well. But I can pay someone to help me with those things.”
Butler Roberts walked in and took his seat, and the others followed. Chatter began amongst the servants.
After realizing Sherlock was alive - actually breathing alive - John had immediately barricaded his emotions, even potential ones, in order to keep a clear head.  Some intense anger had punched through along with a bit of sadness, but he had been successful overall in that his brain had chosen to shut down, leaving him passed out cold in the library (of that he was rather embarrassed).
Brook rose and stood confidently, his hands behind his back in the middle of the office. “Okay. I guess that’s it, then. Any questions?”
“I received your telegram and left immediately from Cornwall. I was hoping by the time I arrived this would have all worked itself out. Sherlock would be sitting here, in this room, awaiting my arrival with a smirk, pleased to see that his big brother did care enough to drop everything to come to his aid. I was prepared to never live it down.”
John hesitated, then stepped inside, more or less just to get out of the cold wind blowing straight through him.
Sherlock knew he should go back to the Sliver, change out of his sweat-soaked clothes and go to sleep. The crisp, night air quickly chilled him to the bone. He perched for a moment against the main entryway, out of the wind.
He heard screaming and crying as the governess fluttered down the hallway. Lady Irene was being held back by the Earl. John was out of breath, but he pulled little William from his jacket and handed him forward.
John swallowed his soup and glared at Anderson. “I can assure you, I will need no help from you.” John looked around the table. “Or any of you.”
The people were friendly but curious of the Englishman wandering about the square. John stuck out like a sore thumb, with his wool trousers and bowler hat. The air was a bit cool and tickled the exposed skin on his cheeks, but the sun was definitely burning the back of his neck. He decided to venture into a tailor’s shop to inquire about some more suitable clothing.
John awoke from the dream and sat straight up. For a moment, he had no idea where he was, but his body was as hard as a rock.
“Flattery will get you everywhere, John,” Sherlock said, smiling back. “But if you hadn’t pulled me away from Brook...I see the danger I was in now. I’ve been meaning to ask, why did you come back that day?”
The main hall was creepy at night, even with the lights shining on the marble floors and gilded hallways. Sherlock figured it was the silence that made it so unbearable. The presence of students gave the building warmth. Without them, it felt cold and lifeless.
Sherlock’s large slender hand reached up, his palm gently cupping his cheek. “John,” he answered softly.
The Spaniard worked him slowly and tenderly, opening John one tiny movement at a time. He encourage John to suck him as he kept his fingers buried deep, every moment of pleasure relaxing the young surgeon just a little more until he was writhing with sweat and anticipation. He begged Felipe to enter him, but Felipe still refused. The Spaniard leaned down and sucked him lazily, his fingers holding him open and twisting ever so slightly, searching for that special place inside of him. John whined with pleasure as he was stimulated, amazed he had yet to come from all of Felipe’s skilled caresses.
John shook his head and chuckled. “I stopped on my way out of that fancy hotel to warm myself by the fire. I dropped my cane just as your father walked by and recognised me," John said. “I’m certain he thought I was there as someone’s valet. He offered me a job for the second time."
He then thought better of it, and positioned the torch on the ground and stood, arms up, ready to fight, awaiting to confront the mysterious stranger chasing them.
“He’s your valet,” said Mycroft. “I daresay I wouldn’t travel to the ends of the earth without a friendly face.”
Donovan gave orders to the driver to follow the path to eastern guard house.  From there, he said, the patrolmen monitored one of the main bridges that crossed the narrow part of the reservoir.
Sherlock stole one more glance at the corridor, then reluctantly let John pull him back into the passageway.
Sherlock unbuttoned and removed his damp shirt, and in doing so accidentally dropped his cuff links.
John stepped forward and pointed the gun directly at one of the men whom he had deduced to be one of the instigators. They both stared at each other for a good long while.
Sherlock finally stumbled out of the bedroom at almost midnight. His hair was mussed and he was wrapped in a sheet. His bony chest was exposed as were his feet. He carefully padded to the table holding the brandy and poured himself a generous glass. He gulped it down.
A whimper escaped his throat in anticipation. A moment of embarrassment made him tense up, but once John’s hot tongue slid along the cleft of his behind, all was forgotten except what was happening where Sherlock couldn’t see.
Sherlock continued. “I promise I’ll take care of you. You’ll need not worry about anyone finding out.”
John paused, then chuckled. “Alright,” he said, nodding. He extended his arm in a sweeping gesture. “After you.”
He pushed Sherlock's legs apart, held him by the waist and continued to fuck him, this time shallow and quick, a steady slap of thighs echoing in the shower. Sherlock realized with his thrusts John was brushing that sweet spot inside of him, and his soft cock began to fill out until it was bobbing wildly against his thighs and abdomen as John continued to fuck him into the wall.
He wondered who the Spaniard was, what his story might be, and how someone so important, kind and experienced could have such faith in him.
He stretched his lover's arms out over his head, his slicked fingers threading through Sherlock's. The young surgeon let his weight drop onto the nobleman’s sweaty body.
Just then, the light from John’s torch wavered and went out completely. The corridor was suddenly pitch black, save the glow from the grate above.
John smiled and laughed, the kind of laugh that made the sides of his eyes crinkle. “Yes, alright. More than alright,” he said.
It was deep into the early morning hours when John rolled over and opened his eyes. There, like his fantasy, was Sherlock, sleeping soundly on his side, his body caressed by moonlight and shadows. John reached forward and slid his hand over his hip, then up his torso. He dared to stop and finger a nipple, which hardened into a pebble in response.
Days passed. John had no opportunity to read the book as he was never alone. Even in the evenings, with Dimmock snoring just a few metres away he didn’t dare dig into his dresser where the book was hidden.
“Watson,” he whispered. His long, slender fingers lightly brushed over John’s blond head, translucent eyes sparkling with adoration.
Sherlock chuckled. They sat for a moment, listening to the clap of the horses hooves and the squeaking of the carriage’s wheels.
“Of course, I’ll go with you,” John said lightly. “I’ll be happy to get you sorted, give you my opinion as such. It’ll be good for me to get out to the country too, you know. Fresh air, push London out of the lungs.”
“I dropped something behind the dresser, and I simply moved it to gather it up, when the entire frame came crashing down.”
Sherlock threaded his pruning fingers into John's. “Because I thought I loved someone before you, but now I realise it was something else entirely.”
John got up too quickly and his book fell from his lap onto the floor. He hid it behind the end table and walked to the trunk, where he dug around for fresh towel and then stepped into the kitchen.
“Watson,” he said, his voice muffled. “Let’s dine in the sitting room, unless you’d prefer the kitchen.”
Sherlock sat up and brought John into his arms. He stroked his blond head. “It’ll be alright,” he whispered.
He dressed and went down to breakfast. Mycroft, Irene, Singer and Sherlock all sat around the table eating toast and eggs. John was shocked to see that Sherlock was bright eyed and bushy tailed, the exact opposite of how a man who had matched him drink for drink should look. John was bloody well convinced the barmaid had emptied the entire bottle between them.
"So you got kicked out of uni, you smoke cigarettes, collect tobacco ash, and admit that relationships aren’t really your area," surmised John. "Anything else I need to know before I ask you out on a date?"
"God I missed you," John said breathlessly, as he gently brushed his lips along Sherlock's long, graceful neck.
John’s fingers played in the water. He was ashamed of how he’d behaved. He'd hurt Sherlock - intentionally - and it scared him.
John’s heart leaped into his throat. She had recognized him! But no, wait...that’s not it. He had still yet to lighten much from his time in Tangier. So no, he hadn’t been recognized after all.
John tucked his knees under his chin. He dared look up at Felipe, whose beautiful brown eyes were red and glistening with tears.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Felipe said softly. The Spaniard glanced to the side, and for a brief moment, John saw something more behind those eyes than just cool politeness. What it was he saw, however, he didn’t know.
Loud voices and giggling disturbed the quiet as a group of students passed on the other side of the bushes, unaware of the two young men on the ground behind them. Startled, Sherlock began to get up, but John pushed him back down to the ground, albeit a bit too roughly. He pushed his tongue deep into Sherlock's mouth, kissing him passionately, then released the slender cock in favor of massaging an erect, pink nipple.
John wandered uncomfortably to the front of the room near the fireplace. Dimmock quietly maneuvered up to his side.
He couldn't’ be sure how long he’d been engrossed in the stack of mail - it was quite a large stack, and he was only ¾ of the way through it when a loud, sharp noise emanated from the front bedroom followed by the unmistakable sound of shattering glass.
Maybe his brilliant detective had simply lost track of the time while deep in thought, thinking of ways to track the baron.
Dr. Watson exited the carriage and bid Dimmock a warm hello. He handed off his hat and coat and was led into the library. Dimmock fixed him a cup of tea and told him his lordship would be with him momentarily.
It was late Friday night, and Sherlock made his way up to the fourth floor and locked himself  in his practice room near the back door. He pulled out Reichenbach, and played it flawlessly from beginning to end.  He then turned on the metronome and selected an impressive speed, the machine clicking back and forth furiously. As if to prove something to himself, Sherlock played the Reichenbach solo again, this time at breakneck pace.
Raibert leaned forward, and draped his arm over Sherlock's shoulders. "Hey, John has a temper. Always has," said Raibert kindly, rubbing Sherlock's back. "It’s not your fault he didn’t stop to listen."
For two days John searched for Sherlock without a moment’s rest. A late spring snow had settled on top of the green grass, and under other circumstances, John would have appreciated the striking contrast. But the beauty was lost on him as he pressed on, expanding the search to below the falls and into the hills.
"I don't understand, it's not that hard!!" he whined. He walked around Sherlock twice, before unleashing a second strike with the baton along his shoulder blades.
“We served together,” answered Lestrade. “He stopped answering my letters. Haven’t heard from him in almost a year. When I received word he was in Tangier, I briefly diverted my regiment’s route back to England in order to inquire on his whereabouts.”
When John awoke the next morning, Sherlock was sleeping soundly. He didn’t stir at all while John washed and dressed.
William gave up and returned to the parlour as John settled into his makeshift bed. He read for a while by lamplight, listening to William strum and pick at the old violin. It was late when he heard the bedroom door open and then shut. John blew out his lamp and snuggled in, falling right to sleep.
John awoke with a start. It was dead silent, and the shadows falling over the room signaled the sun had recently set. As he sat up, he startled at a figure standing in front of the window.
The look on Felipe's face made John's heart swell to the point of pain. Never had anyone ever looked at him with such love and reverence.
“Come on, people, we’re on in five,” he shouted. He eyed Sherlock and Victor in the corner. Sherlock averted his gaze, but Victor glared back.
"Mmm?" John's tongue was licking where his nimble fingers had just undone shirt buttons. His lips encircled and gently sucked on a perfectly pink, erect nipple. Sherlock rose halfway off the bed in response.
Later that evening, Felipe sat with John's bare feet in his lap while he read Mycroft’s letter over and over.
John’s tongue probed Sherlock’s center, softening the muscle and eventually pushing inside. Sherlock gasped as John pushed his thighs up, hot breath on his cock, the sensation of being swallowed whole as fingers gently filled him up.
“Most likely,” Sherlock quipped, whipping out his well-practiced amenability in place of his usual abruptness. “Bit new around here.”
“Aye, he was. He came looking for you. But he promised his men they would see home soon. They left this morning.”
“Bonjour,” said the man. He was older, with gray hair and round glasses, dressed in European clothing. “Intéressés à louer?”
John explored the depths of the face before him. He noticed the crows feet around those almond-shaped eyes had grown more prominent, and the laugh lines around his full mouth had deepened. His high cheekbones were flushed with color and the bright eyes that stared back at him were full of fire and longing. But there was something else he could detect as well, something he’d never picked up on before; a wisdom, forged from pain, and a peacefulness that came with submitting to life’s tragical whims. It wasn’t just Sherlock he was seeing anymore, but a man who had pushed beyond the point of his struggles to forge something - someone - new.
He forced his mind to calm down as he began to scan every inch of the cliffs for any sign of him. He’d certainly fallen, but if he had landed nearby, by chance, he could have survived. He could be hanging on at this very moment, waiting for John to find him.
Sherlock reached over and undid the lock. His was hair wild, his eyes swollen, his body weak. "You’d break your shoulder before the door would give," Sherlock couldn’t help saying.
He hid for so long that he awoke the next morning still curled in the same position from the night before. Luckily, it was still early enough that he could sneak into the practice room and retrieve his belongings, before returning to the dormitory and locking himself in the Sliver until evening.
There was a sound of splitting wood and grinding metal, and the door of the bathroom suddenly flew inward and fell to the floor knocked clean off its hinges. In walked Raibert MacDougal, who assessed the situation mid-stride and gathered both horrible men by the necks and smashed their heads together. Sherlock ducked, and then threw up right on the bathroom floor.
“Mrs Hudson,” answered Sherlock. “It’s called a Bunsen burner. From Germany.” He turned the gas up and the flame burned higher and brighter.
John sat in the parlour to give William privacy. He heard the water sloshing and a sigh escape from the younger man’s lips as he settled into the steaming water.
“Alright,” said Sherlock, turning back to the Duke and Duchess. “Walter, this way to the marvels of the new scientific age,” he said grandly. The Duke laughed and the party disappeared inside the doors as the servants returned to the side entrance to get to work.
Sherlock then hunched over his violin, the bow shaking in his hand. He glanced around the room. All eyes stared back at him.
Sherlock sighed. “John, we haven’t the time.” He jumped out onto the platform and with long strides made his way back toward the station. He quickly realized John wasn’t following behind him.
He flung himself forward, but stopped as Felipe’s voice rang out, just barely audible over the rainstorm.
“I have no idea. But Felipe,” said John, growing impatient. “I don’t have the credentials. Like I told you before, I’m not even a doctor.”
William was convinced the strangler was methodically working his way through employees of the museum to steal the Holy Thorn Reliquary, a piece that had just arrived from the collections of the now deceased Baron de Ferdinand Rothschild. William had greased the palm of the night guard on duty, and they were awaiting his signal as soon as the perpetrator was on the scene.
“I can’t. I have to make up my hours by pulling double shifts all week. But I’m free Saturday. I thought we could make an evening of it. You could come over here.”
Jean stepped up and pulled keys from his satchel. “Oui, Oui, uh, no docteur,” he said. “Go to Spain.”
John sucked in a breath. “My God,” he whispered. He again glanced back at Sherlock. “Why didn’t he tell me?”
Midway through the second round of libations the plates were cleared, so John pulled out the package left for him by Molly earlier that morning. Sherlock watched the doctor carefully unwrap it.
Sherlock reached up and hit the ceiling twice with his fist. The carriage jerked and took off, heading up the lane to Lands End, to home.
John then took the train into Glasgow. It was late when he arrived, so he paid for a room near the train station and wandered down to the local public house. The journey was beginning to wear him down, and he was feeling low and alone. He thought a pint would help him sleep, as he hadn’t slept much since leaving Halidon.
John jumped up from his chair, papers fluttering all over the floor as he bolted toward the bedroom, Mr. Thomas and Marie hot on his heels.
Sherlock walked alongside the cart, his gaze fixated on John, refusing to give in, convinced he could still make him listen to reason.
Sherlock and John had the Sliver stripped clean by the time the sun was setting the next day. Wiggins had stopped by to give his farewells. In a desperate attempt to control public fallout, Cromwell’s Board of Directors issued immediate diplomas to all seniors in good standing plus generously discounted the semester’s tuition. Wiggins was taking the refund and blowing it on a trip to Ibiza.
“I see now that throughout my life I have only been concerned with maintaining my own happiness,” he said. “In doing so I have done you a grave disservice. You can’t return to a life of a valet. I never expected you to. But to see you were willing to do so for me, humbles me.” Sherlock reached out his hand. John took it.
“Oh my God,” breathed Sherlock, watching John as he fucked them both with his hand. “Oh!" His head fell back and exposed his neck.
"Nah," said John. "I have rounds late tonight, and Raibert will go out and party since he's just back in town. I'll have the place to myself some."
Sherlock felt John’s lips tickle his groin, and then the tip of his penis slid into a hot, wet mouth. He couldn’t help but moaned obscenely at the sensation. John’s tongue lightly worked the tip as fingers tugged at his sensitive sac. A palm followed underneath and rubbed firmly between his legs, making him writhe against the sheets. He felt a bit of cum escape from his cock, which John greedily lapped up.
Sherlock knelt down by his side and placed his large hand over the bloody wound. The pain was excruciating, and John cried out in misery.
As the carriage turned into Land’s End, John placed his hat upon his head and smoothed out his coat. He still felt butterflies in his stomach at the thought of walking through the front door. He wondered if that feeling would ever go away.
“I wanted to tell you in person. The hospital called. The autopsy on Sam revealed all the clamps had been removed. The PA made a mistake on the paperwork.” He faced saddened.  “She died of viral infection she must've contracted before the procedure. I was relieved at first, that it wasn’t my fault, but...”
John shucked out of his own shirt and pressed his still clothed leg in between Sherlock’s slender, pale thighs.
Sherlock didn’t stop his kisses, only slowed his lips. “Yes, you are. Shut up and let me kiss you,” he said softly, pushing John back against the headboard. He reached up and pulled at the string binding John's nightshirt.
John looked at him incredulously. “Don't you think she already has? Worried every day her dirty little secret would be exposed?”
Felipe’s offer had been impossible for him to refuse. He postponed his trip to Marseilles and instead, threw himself into helping Felipe at the hospital. He grew to be a familiar face with the villagers, sometimes paid in olives, tomatoes and chickens for his services. John found his work was made easier by having Maria by his side. He heaped praise on her often. Though she had never been to medical school, her diagnostic abilities were astonishing. She taught him about local herbal remedies and where to find certain plants and fruits.
“What do you mean?” said Sherlock. His head was feeling much better, but the thought of being tricked by someone like Raibert made his stomach turn.
“I’m staying with friends of the family. I’ve known Lady Katherine since I was a boy,” said Sherlock. “It’s not like I’ll be roughing it with you in Edinburgh.” He wrapped his long arms around his former valet. “I won't be without you again. It’s only a few hours train ride into the city. I’ll visit, you’ll visit, and then eventually, when I’m stronger and you’re settled…” Sherlock brushed his lips against John’s.
His stomach was in knots remembering the way he'd ended things with Felipe. He’d only been honest about his feelings for Sherlock. Yet, even after all these years, the thought of Felipe leaving without saying goodbye still made John shrink with shame.
John turned around and smiled genuinely, the sides of his eyes crinkling. “That was excellent, wasn’t it,” he said.
“I don't know what happened,” he said, his breath uneven. The harder he tried to hold in his sobs the easier they escaped from his lips. “I don’t make mistakes, John. I've went over it again and again. It makes no
Sherlock grabbed his hard, flopping cock and rubbed it vigorously up and down. John's thrusts were becoming erratic, his arm gripping his waist hard so hard he could barely breath.
Fifteen minutes later, the orchestra filed back down in the hallway, whooping and cheering and patting an exhausted, sweaty Sherlock on the back. They had taken first place, and had qualified for the nationals in December.
John closed his eyes as he felt the glorious heat of so much skin against skin for the first time. Sherlock's tongue gently played against his lips as he slowly pulled John by his hips down into the bed.
“He said it would be a shame for your talent and training to go to waste,” said Sherlock. “I happen to agree with him.”
The afternoon sun was bright enough it lit up the sitting room without the need for lamplight. John pretended to read the newspaper, but his stare kept meandering over to the stack of papers on the end table that contained information about a serial killer, a strangler.  William had read through the information and summarily had a panic attack, in which John had forced him to sit for several minutes with his head between his knees.
Lestrade pursed his lips. “I still don’t know who, but someone figured him out. We managed - barely- to get Holmes to safety, but the family…”
Sherlock sat down his teacup. “My friend Friedrich has invited us to dine at Reinstoff. He knows the chef and is adamant we join him.”
“I like them,” said John, standing, “They’re comfortable.” He stood out of habit off to the side, near the platter of food. Sherlock looked at him oddly.
John smiled at the thought. A long brisk walk in nature sounded glorious after their long train ride through Western Europe.
John shuddered against him, his large cock red and leaking and hard against his stomach. His eyes were shut, his mind gone. “Yes,” he whispered. “Yes, yes, fuck me, just like this.”
He didn't answer, but walked over to John and laid down on the bed with him. John shivered a little from the chilly air still present on the detective’s clothes.
Sherlock groaned, but John led him out of the bedroom to the large water basin. The cold water made them both shiver, but John cleaned Sherlock with care and then washed himself before returning with relief to the warmth of the bed.
Mycroft raised his chin, his moment of grief pushed aside to handle more pertinent matters. “What is it you wished to speak to my father about?"
“Ah, Sherlock, I want to see you. I’m your professor, and I know what’s best for you,” he cooed. “Pick up your violin, and play my concerto.”
“Johnny, your mother should be very proud,” he said, grinning at Mrs. Watson. “You have taken to service like a duck to water.”
“No, really,” said Victor. “He’s quite taken with you. I’m rather grateful I’m a fourth year with a secured position in the symphony come January. Otherwise, I’d be a bit jealous.”
Wiliam carefully stepped out of the room and John sat him at one of the few clear spots at the table. He began treating the wound as Mr. Thomas and Mrs. Turner cleaned up.
John looked again, and shrugged his shoulders. “He likes music. He has those expensive headphones. What are they called, Beats or something?”
Sherlock turned to see Brook casually leaning against the doorway, his hands in his pockets. The maestro’s tongue clicked in disapproval.
He walked along the road running parallel to the shoreline. It was warm and bright, and the cool ocean breeze kept him from sweating. Halfway to the village, he stopped to watch six men haul a decent-sized boat from the water onto the rocky shoreline.  He continued on, but could barely see the tiny town before he reached it, as it was nestled up in a hill and protected from the sea. A large wall that surrounding Tangier was in the distance. He climbed the hill and entered a clover-shaped archway, and took the stairs up to the village centre.
“M’lady?” he replied. He felt embarrassed to have her ladyship repeat herself, but he had not heard her correctly.
"I slept with Raibert," Sherlock blurted out. He closed his eyes tightly and bowed his head, waiting for the fallout.
"I wanted to be a published romance novelist by the age of 23," said Mrs. Hudson dreamily. "Then when that didn't happen, I pushed it to 30. Then to 40."
For a moment, it looked as if Sherlock's demeanor would crumble as well, but he willed his composure to remain steady as he pressed his forehead against his valet's.
He closed his eyes and let the memories of the brilliant, fantastic man wash over him. He smiled as he thought of endless nights by the fire, Sherlock smoking his pipe and rolling his eyes at the newspaper, how he would stretch his long limbs before walking over and kissing John goodnight. And more often than not, the younger man would pull him up, take him to bed and make love to him.
The young man crawled up the final stretch of the hill and fell forward, his hands on his knees, catching his breath.
“He accidentally fell down some stairs,” he said, his bottom lip trembling. “He broke his arm. In three places.”
Lestrade let go of the unconscious man and placed him in the surgeon’s arms. John immediately headed out into the courtyard that connected the ward with the rest of the old mission building. He walked quickly but carefully, aware of Sherlock’s head and limbs that hung limply over his forearms. He reached his quarters, a tiny space big enough for a small cot and side table. He laid the ailing nobleman on his bed.
John shook his head. “You don’t understand,” he said, pointing to the curtained room. “I can’t do this.”
Since the outbreak was in the early stages, John and Felipe split shifts in order to instruct the students on how to treat the sick. They would see each other in passing, giving each other brief updates on medical supplies and patient load, then one would rest while the other ran the floor.
John sat up and held Sherlock’s face in his hands. “Oh, Sherlock, don’t.”  He smiled and kissed him and stroked his fingers through his curls. “Don’t look that way. Not for me.”
At first, the old lovable housekeeper bounded back after John arrived home, looking like a full recovery was in store. However, one evening, after a tremendously cold, damp day, she again developed a terrible fever.
John felt his whole chest flush with desire. He watched with anticipation as the Spaniard licked him again, then wrapped his glistening lips around the head of his sex.
Sherlock held his finger to his lips, looking straight at John. John stopped and listened in spite of his frustration. His eyes grew wide as he nodded his head; he'd heard it too.
William’s eyes were soft and glistening, his breath and chest heaving with anticipation. John watched a pale hand reach forward and close around his own wrist.
He remembers the couch was soft as he laid his head down afterward. He remembers thinking how the room spun like that time he and Mycroft went to Disneyworld and rode the teacups.
John hung Sherlock’s suit and jacket on the back of the desk chair. “I think I shall stay here and write. I want to capture the things I saw today while they are still fresh in my mind.”
Sherlock ordered two hot buns and two coffees. The two men found a table near the window and ate in silence, until Sherlock pressed his leg discreetly against John's.
"What?" said John, as he slowly approached Sherlock, crowding his space, slowly forcing him down on to the bed. "You are brilliant," John whispered in Sherlock's ear, his lips barely brushing his earlobe. "And amazing." John's hand slid underneath Sherlock's buttocks, pulling their hips together. "And bloody fucking gorgeous."
The middle-aged man chuckled. “Oh no, a team of oxen couldn't pull me away.” He spied the whiskey bottle and snatched it up. He turned abruptly and walked out of the room.
“But Brook never found anything,” John realized. “So he wasn’t getting repaid for the money he’d put up front for the fourth floor rehab.”
The two men often found themselves drinking too much wine and making love under the olive trees. They had stopped attempting to do so on the boat, since Felipe had caused them to capsize more than once.
“Do you?” asked Brook. He leaned forward. “Victor told you that I have high hopes for you. I’m even considering moving you into Concert band.”
“I’ve been carrying your fat ass for too long!” he boomed. “I will not let you cost us a competition because your mind’s on a fucking Happy Meal and not on pitch. Wallace, congratulations, you are now fourth-chair trombone. Garrett, get the fuck out.”
The maestro counted off. The orchestra played the intro, and Sherlock came in, on cue, and nailed the first half of the solo. Brook smiled and Sherlock began to relax. The whole orchestra flowed together well as Sherlock’s solo increased in intensity. Brook sped up the tempo, and Sherlock kept pace, the cool wail of his violin penetrating the moments of silence as the orchestra backed him up.
John couldn’t tell. He threw his hat off and leaned down, trying to see, but the shadows from the limited daylight made it impossible to make out, even with Peter’s torch.
He had refused to open the letter right away. Carefully he placed the Bible inside his bag and instinctively made his way to the train station. Sherlock patiently walked beside him without a word.
Sherlock Holmes was not a senior. He was a young looking eighteen year-old freshman with alabaster skin, high cheekbones and shockingly translucent eyes framed by a dark mop of messy curls. He was tall and lithe and dressed impeccably, his back straight and blunt chin held high as he rolled his small trunk up to the door and unlocked it. He grimaced as his shins slammed against the twin bed frame: truly it was the tiniest space the young man had ever seen. The door just cleared the bed, and along the west wall a few sparse bookshelves framed a built in desk with a small wooden chair. A pocket door separated the toilet, shower and sink from the main living space. Thankfully, the ceiling was high and the east wall contained two large windows that opened. Moonlight poured into the room, but disappeared as he flipped on the light switch.
“Brook is a ghost,” he said. “No one can nail him down. I’ve got friends who’ve heard of him but never met him. Were in the same band and can’t remember his face.”
He had meant it when he said he was going to kiss Sherlock everywhere. He took his time, lavishing his lips and tongue over his beautiful chest, then kissing and licking each finger as if it were sticks of candy. He massaged his cold feet between his fingers and chuckled every time Sherlock squirmed as he kissed each toe with reverence. He laved at creases in his thighs, and when he turned him over, did the same with his coccyx, spending generous time coaxing his center open with his tongue.
“Because,” said Sherlock, the corner of his mouth tugging into a slight smile as he noticed the absence of m’lord. “I don’t want Mycroft to see them and ship them back. I’ll start using them to teach and he’ll be unable to return them without disappointing the village.”
“Must we discuss such boring things,” scolded Irene. “I thought we might talk about the Spring festival.”
John tried to speak, but his face crumpled. Deep sobs escaped from his throat as Mr Frank stepped forward and held him.
Everyone flipped their sheet music. Sherlock caught a glimpse of Wiggins ejecting spit from his horn, a puddle has by his feet.
"It's a sublet, so I own nothing in here, except my clothes and books of course," explained John, as he offered Sherlock the tour that evening. "It's my cousin Raibert's. He's in Malta on his elective. I'll be homeless in a couple of months, but for now..." John plopped on the couch and spread his arms wide, grinning. "It's all mine."
Sherlock took the boots from John but didn’t take his eyes off of him. John bent over to pick up his lordship’s nightshirt when the damn brace shifted and knocked his knee out of place. He stumbled and fell awkwardly over the side of Sherlock's armchair.
John was flat on his back again as Sherlock began to move his hips, slowly grinding onto John’s body as his lover filled him up.
Late in the afternoon, Sherlock and John ate, bathed and relaxed around the house. At twilight the two walked down to the beach hand in hand and waded in the surf, the ocean’s waves foaming at their feet. The breeze was cool, and John held Sherlock close as they enjoyed the feel of sand between their toes. As the evening grew darker, they both settled in each other’s arms against one of the smooth large rocks along the shore. They lay together for a long time, enjoying the sound of the waves and the warmth of each other’s bodies.
John approached her and lifted her hand to his lips. In shock and completely devastated, he didn’t move from her side for hours.
“Your reputation is very good in the village,” he said. “I can see you have taken good care of the place. I am not sure you are aware, but I have a medical school in the city center. That is where my presence is most needed.”
The howl from deep inside his soul was undetectable for several seconds before it vibrated against back of his throat. John fought for breath as he keened softly, pressing his fists firmly into the mattress between his knees.
"Why don't you let me decide what's best for me," he said in his deepest baritone, and pulled Raibert down for another kiss.
“You’re going to be fine. Just a big bump on the head,” said John Watson. “If you do start to feel nauseous, or have any severe headaches, might want to see your doctor, just in case.”
He was well into his third whiskey of the afternoon and had just lit a giant cigar. Needless to say, he was rather perturbed at the interruption.
John opened his eyes to see an earnest Sherlock leaning forward, one of his elegant, large hands extended forth.
“I love you,” said Sherlock. “I will always love you. But I must hereby terminate your employment immediately.”
“What if I told you I don’t care beans about your memory?” John took a sip. “That I’d simply like to go riding?”
Sherlock turned to find an incredibly attractive young man standing behind him. His hair was dark and wavy, his eyes a warm brown. He smiled, and a prominent dimple appeared next to his lips.
John leaned forward and captured Sherlock's mouth, letting his tongue passionately explore the inside of his pink, parted lips. He dared to grip Sherlock's narrow waist with both hands. Sherlock gasped in pleasant surprise.
“Here, take it,” he said placing it in John's trembling hand. “Use it wisely. This along with your final wages should be enough to get you to Luss.”
He shouted a command at the camel, and the magnificent creature bent down with a melodic moan. The rider slipped off, pulling the striped garment and hat off his body.
John gasped loudly at the contact, pushing him over the edge as his hips worked his thick cock through his fist over and over again in short, hard thrusts. Sherlock eagerly watched his release, coming in spurts and running along his abdomen, soaking into his pants and staining Sherlock’s expensive sheets.
Felipe pressed inside of him with a moan. A rough hand squeezed John's cock as a plump mouth nuzzled his neck. Felipe fucked him hard, with sweet declarations of love flowing like a waterfall from his lips. John squirmed and fought the grip around his prick, trying to come just from the thrill of being manhandled and pinned to the wall.
“He woke up in a hotel room, alone, on the brink of death. The innkeeper’s mother was kind and nursed him back to health. He paid the man and his mother back by working at the inn.”
John shook his head. “That we don’t know. Sherlock’s brother, the Earl of Cornwall, found him working at the British consulate in Munich.” He paused. “Donovan, he’s not the same man. He sustained a head injury. I have no idea what happened, but he suffered severe memory loss. He won’t remember who you are.”
“James Stuart was the firstborn son of Matthew’s grandfather, Bertie Stuart. But family lore states he and his father had a falling out, so he became a missionary in Africa.”
John stood up as calmly as he could, and said evenly, “We’ve had our drink. It’s late. We should go,” he said.
“Johnny,” said Mr Frank. “If you will meet me tomorrow afternoon right after school by the ice house, I will show you what a camel looks like.”
His body froze. He shot John a frightened look, then looked away. His chin drew taut against his jawline as his neck and chest turned a deep pink.
Sherlock curled up into a tighter ball. “We went into the pub. Victor left. I sat at the bar, and these two men came up and wouldn’t leave me alone. And I walked away, but they grabbed me, locked me in the loo, made me...” He stopped, unable to finish the sentence.
“No,” Sherlock responded curtly, cutting him off before he could finish. “And I would not be happy here.” He stood and placed his cup back on the silver tray. “I’m not interested in dalliances with strangers or anything of the sort. I have my work. I am glad to be going home.”
Sherlock figured he could crawl up the firescape and jimmy the window, but the area was too active with students constantly in and out of the complex. His phone buzzed, and he looked down to see a text from John.
Donovan glared at John for a moment, but didn’t say anything. He then turned and began to shout orders at his men.
John noticed the tuning had stopped. He looked up at William who was now standing between the parlour and the kitchen.
Suddenly, a loud sob escaped from his throat. He buried his face in John's chest to muffle his cries, his thin shoulders shaking violently. John held onto him, rocking him tenderly back and forth.
Dr. Watson went on leave from Barts. He worked at the dispensary, treating the poor, the destitute, the underbelly of society. It was the only time he felt a moment’s peace. Well, that and when he’d return to Baker Street to settle in for the evening with a large whiskey and an obnoxiously big cigar.
His huge hands were then in Sherlock’s hair, his lips kissing his forehead, his eyes gazing into him hungrily. Again they kissed passionately, Raibert’s tongue slowly unraveling what was left of Sherlock’s misgivings. Sherlock felt broken, and he needed someone to put him back together again, even if those pieces weren’t going to hold together for very long.
John waited patiently, pouring himself more tea as Sherlock considered his request. The taller man stood and again rang for Dimmock.
“Understandable,” replied John, noticing the lack of haughtiness that would usually accompany this admission. “I imagine this has been incredibly difficult for you.”
Sherlock released the headboard and wrapped his arms around his lover’s solid back, palms eventually slipping down to hold onto a small, tight behind.
A short, frustrated sound escaped John's throat as he struggled to keep his composure. "You need to report this. To the police, to the chancellor, to someone."
The opulent staircases that led to the fourth floor were wide and two-tiered, separated by a ten meter landing space that held antique vases, busts and tapestries donated from wealthy patrons from the past one hundred and thirty years. The wide, open walls were covered with portraits of men and women long dead. The third floor, where the administrative and faculty offices were housed, boasted marble counters that had been shipped in from Italy. Hanging at the entrance of the fourth floor practice hall was Repin’s original portrait painting of Mikhel Glinka, the father of Russian classical music.
“I said, what are you doing in my space?” he commanded in perfect English, though his accent was detectable and quite elegant.
Sherlock peered down the spiraling staircase. He couldn’t make out where it ended. “John, close the door.”
He remembered later that the bottle was brown. He leaned forward and smelled it just like Raibert told him too.
They ate a supper of fresh eggs and bacon. John made William clean up while he checked the hearth in William’s bedroom. He stacked the kindling and checked the flue, and soon he had a fire roaring and crackling in the tiny bedroom. He pulled the door shut behind him keep to the room warm.
His naivety was endearing, his enthusiasm unmatched as he devoured Sherlock on his own timetable, leaving little unexplored as he made his way down and then back up his lordship's long, lithe body. He finally brought all his focus to Sherlock's groin. His nose nuzzled along his hardened length, the thin silk of Sherlock’s pyjamas the only barrier between them.
Behind the door was Mr. Thomas, holding a candle with one hand and a small thick envelope with the other.
John took a sip of the delicious brandy, all the while wondering why, for the first time in his life, he was seeing Mycroft Holmes look very, well...nervous.
“Of course!” Sherlock’s crystal eyes feigned excitement. “Who doesn’t know Professor Richard Brook!”
Sherlock pretended to care, but his mind was only on that of Victor Trevor. Could he have met the same fate as Carl Powers?
John carefully pushed open the guardhouse door. The inside was a scattered mess of strewn papers and furniture. A scuffle of some sort had obviously occurred. Donovan shined his lantern over a pile of papers, and picked up an article of clothing, showing it to John.
Felipe was sitting on a stool facing the corner, his broad frame overwhelming the tiny piece of furniture. He looked worried, his palm rubbing his jaw over and over.
John felt his nostrils flare, the anger coursing through his veins rising to a dangerous level. He stepped in between the unwelcomed stranger and Sherlock.
“Your friend -” Felipe’s eyes fluttered shut as he corrected himself. “Sherlock...he can stay too. We will take care of him together. Keep him safe.”
Mr. Thomas’s words were so shocking and irreverent that John began to giggle. Soon he was doubled over, holding his stomach, tears streaming down his face.
He spit out the phone into his hand and shined the light directly inside the large frame. A narrow, stone-carved set of stairs curled down into the darkness.
It still made her heart beat faster at the thought: out of all of the people in the world, Sherlock had turned to her for help. She mattered. And when he asked her to steal, to lie, and to keep secrets, her only thought was to not disappoint him. She had found Sherlock’s dead look-a-like in under an hour. It had taken her another three to get the body to St. Barts. She had waited, barely eating and barely drinking, clutching her cell phone, checking the bars and the volume every five minutes for the next eight hours, awaiting Sherlock’s signal that his plan was a go.
John felt himself flush. “Nobody,” he said. “I’m here with a friend. Well, my employer,” he rambled.
They both watched in horror as the mob became violent. The villagers began to throw rocks at Felipe, who threw up an arm to cover his face from the assault. A large, sharp stone hit him hard in the neck, puncturing skin and drawing blood. He fell to his knees as the crowd descended upon him and towards the hospital.
Mrs. Hudson chuckled. "I don't know. There are other things in life to care about. Friends, romance, children." She stopped and smiled at both Mycroft and Sherlock. "It's just life. At my age, you get perspective."
They were back to the stairs in no time. Sherlock started down the stairs, but John grabbed him and swung him around into a dark corner of the hallway. He placed a small, tanned hand firmly over Sherlock’s mouth, and put a finger up to his own lips.
He offered his hand and helped John to his feet. Sherlock was naked except for his silk shirt hanging off his shoulders. His ivory skin accentuated the lean muscles of his chest, though his collarbone stuck out sharply due to his recent lack of appetite. The gradual narrowing of his depleting waist led to a flat, muscled abdomen where auburn hair trailed down into his groin. His legs were lithe but powerful and were in perfect proportion to the curve of his buttock, which was well formed but much too thin.
John's palms pushed against Sherlock's pale chest and as he rolled his thick, muscled hips in a steady rhythm on his lover’s lap. His tanned thighs, toned and strong, moved like consistent and unrelenting waves, milking Sherlock's cock buried deep inside.  His neck arched as he threw his blond head back, an errant tear trickling down the side of his cheek as he gripped onto Sherlock's forearms.
Felipe’s groan echoed in the bedroom, and John lead forward to shush him, pressing his tongue into the man’s open mouth. The headboard beat rhythmically against the wall, and John pressed his arms against the slats to keep it from shaking.
Just then, the butler walked in to announce that dinner was served. The conversation was dropped as all the guests entered into the dining hall.
“It looks like an office,” he whispered. “It’s empty.” John dropped to his feet, then knelt down. “Here, I’ll give you a boost,” he said, his hands clasped together.
The weight of invisible grief pressed down on them for a moment. Thankfully, the butler, Mr. Roberts, interrupted them.
“Yes, I’d be delighted,” said John. His mind had already drifted to thoughts of Sherlock in his white tie and dinner jacket.
But maybe, just maybe, he was overestimating his importance to the household. No one had recognized him thus far. Maybe the entire staff had moved on. It had been close to 15 years now, since he’d stepped foot in the house.
Sherlock had failed to attend the last couple of Monday night sessions. He hadn’t felt up to it after the grueling Concert Band ordeals, and frankly, he wasn’t sure if he could bring himself to talk to Victor after what he and John had seen that night in the group practice room.
“My brother, Mycroft, worries about me. I’ve had some setbacks. Yet, I feel I am closer than ever to breaking through. With appreciation to your good intentions, a bit of fresh air is not a cure-all.”
Sherlock’s face flickered with emotion, but John was too slow to comprehend its meaning. He sunk a little lower in his chair, fist under his chin, remembering.
“What other -” Sherlock realized he’d said it before John did, already starting to defend himself when John held out both his hands in front of him.
“I hope that works out better than your last resolution,” John teased, pulling the Spaniard on top of him.
“Yes,” mumbled William in response. He was scouring the bookshelves, and pulled out a large, brown cumbersome binder from the bottom shelf by the window.
“Yes you can,” he replied. “Your mother was a kind lady and you have worked hard. Take it and be well, Johnny.” Mr Frank gave his shoulder a squeeze.
“I confronted him about that night. The night you said you saw us,” He shook his head, as if wanting to erase the memory. “I told him that I wasn’t going to do that anymore. That it was too dangerous and people were going to find out.”
“Are you sure about that?” asked Sherlock, slamming his case shut with one hand while holding his violin and bow in the other.
“Oh yes,” Felipe said, his tone clipped. “I lost my funding the same year the imam decided to forbid the local Muslim boys to attend. It was over, like that.” He snapped his fingers and leaned back in his chair. “Luckily my village needed a doctor and my father needed his son. It was a soft landing.”
They both turned the corner, surprised to see a dim light shining from inside the glass. Clearly visible through the translucent walls were two males in the middle of the room. He heard John draw in a quick breath as one of the men, wearing a sweat soaked t-shirt, moved to the side to reveal the other, naked, kneeling back to front in an armless chair. Sherlock felt himself break into a cold sweat as he recognized them both.
John abruptly removed his fingers, pushed Sherlock onto his back and mounted him, chest against chest, lips pressing against his sweaty forehead. His hands pressed against the insides of his white thighs, spreading them wide as his thumbs stroking the crest of his smooth bottom.
“MacDougal had to travel to Glasgow, so he chose me to attend in his place. He said I could bring a guest, so…”
Sherlock closed his eyes, and yes, YES it was happening. He felt it building and building and building until he couldn’t stop himself, and he shouted and groaned and pushed back against John’s body violently, milking him, making him work for it, twisting and grinding and reveling in being penetrated, desired, loved.
Sherlock ignored him as he caught an eyeful of the blonde from the bushes; fourth row back, brass section, trumpet in hand. A smile played at the corner of his red and swollen lips. Sherlock almost felt jealous.
“Must we go over this again, Miss Turner,” he shouted rudely.  “I am not to receive any visitors-...”
Sherlock pressed his lips to John’s ear, and hotly whispered. “No.” John groaned as Sherlock dropped him back to his feet, but they both slid to the ground against the wall.  John immediately straddled Sherlock’s hips, kissing him messily and at the same time shoving his fingers into Sherlock's mouth. Sherlock sucked on his fingers, letting the saliva gather as he watched John pull them out and reach back to open himself.
John cursed, growing frantic. He tried to scale the rocks next to the ledge, to see behind the falls, but he stumbled and fell.
He had no idea how long he’d been searching until the men hauled him back up and refused to let him go back down. John shook from the cold, but besides ingesting a few gulps of water, he refused to stop for even a moment.
Mr. Thomas did indeed have all sorts of news. He’d been able to retire from service due to top performing investments Sherlock had advised him on a decade before. The former valet had bought a small cottage in Berwick-upon-Tweed and had rented it out during his extended visit to London.
"Fuck me harder," he begged. Sherlock gripped his waist and thrusted deeply, once, twice, three times. John cried out each time, fighting him, trying to escape his grasp.
John was helpless against stopping the tears that welled up in his eyes, but he refused to let them fall.
“Here’s the address, and money for the train.” He handed an envelope over to the young surgeon. “I am grateful for your willingness. It will not be forgotten.”
The orchestra played the first movement of Reichenbach for the initial round of competition. The band was in near perfect form, and Victor wowed the judges with his solo. The band easily slid into the finals. Now it was a waiting game, the judges deciding when to call them back into play their final piece.
He gripped the lantern between his teeth and swung himself forward, taking the end of the free rope he carried with him and wrapping it multiple times under William’s arms and across his chest. After several attempts, he managed to push him free of the pillars, and he held his weight against the wooden beams as he yanked hard on the rope three times.
“All yours,” he said. When Sherlock refused to take it, he threw it in his lap and walked away, slamming the door to the second bedroom behind him.
Sherlock made it back to Cromwell in time for Concert Band, but he found himself outside the door, unable to make himself go inside. He just stood there, students dodging past him, bumping him, staring at him, as evidence swirled around his brain like puzzle pieces unable to lock into place.
Dr. Brook sat behind a huge polished mahogany desk. He stood up as Sherlock entered. Brook again was impeccably dressed and groomed.
The violin and bow dropped to his sides. He waited, chest heaving, sweat trickling down his back, for Brooks’s reaction.
“Captain Gregory Lestrade, commanding officer 33rd regiment, Earl of Cornwall’s Light Infantry, special unit,” he answered. He approached the two men, who were still standing in shock at their good fortune.
John sat down heavily in one of the parlor chairs and pulled off his boots. He sighed and began to undo his vest.
“Mmmm?” managed the young doctor, his lips so red it was hard to tell where Sherlock’s cock began and John’s lips ended.
“That you were pretending to be a farmer to gain access to an ore mine. That a family who attested to your character were murdered when your identity was discovered.”
John watched the Spaniard fold his hands carefully over his journal. There was a wariness to his movements. It was obvious he was uncomfortable.
Sherlock opened his eyes and exhaled. “John, you're so big. I need to get used to you.” He moved his hips ever so slightly. John gasped and rose up. “Trust me,” Sherlock said softly, pushing him back down. “Let me do this. Lie back.”
The bullet had obviously entered from his back, with the exit wound just under his collarbone. A nasty, jagged scar started at the top of his shoulder and led down into his chest. Scar tissue surrounded the entirety of the scar, puffy, pink and tough. Patches of hair were completely missing from his chest and abdomen where scars from shrapnel peppered his right side. His right arm had a series of symmetrical scars, most likely from cuts made by doctors for blood letting.
Was it a lie of omission? What good would it do to tell William that he and Sherlock were lovers? As different as the two men seemingly were, William could now prefer the company of the fairer sex.
Since his mother was employed by the marquess, John was allowed to attend the village school in the morning, and in the afternoon he polished boots in the servant's hall. He was seven years old and proud of his position.
William acted as if he could care less about Dzundza, still critically assessing John’s body to make sure he was free of injury.
The marchioness rose from the settee and put her cup down on the table. “You will be provided a reference, of course, plus wages and severance. But you’ll leave here, today, and never come back.” She looked at John expectantly. “Do we understand each other?”
“It’s quite breathtaking. Glass walls, modern finishes” said Sherlock. “I play there on Monday evenings with a group from the higher level orchestra.”
“Yes, ‘course,” answered John as he helped him lie on his back. John slipped eagerly between Sherlock’s legs.
They had been waiting an awfully long time, however, and William was growing uneasy. He mumbled something about how “he should have been here already” just as John removed the sleeve from his nose, and a sneeze, catching him by surprise, caused an echo across the large hall. John awaited William's chastising remarks that never came.
John’s intense orgasm pushed a gasping Sherlock over the edge. He wrapped his strong arms around John’s chest and thrust erratically until he with came with a muffled shout, burying himself in John's shoulder.
“You’re talking about Mrs. Tupplebottom?” John asked incredulously. “I had no idea you were still obsessing over that. Why didn’t you say anything?”
“Dr. Watson,” he said. “Mr. Holmes, I’m Detective Inspector Donovan. I’ve got some casework for you if you’re interested.”
“That’s what I like about you, Sherlock. The others, they gave up too easily. You've got spirit. You’re not afraid.”
Sherlock sipped his Mrs. Hudson approved soup and soon after, began to nod off in front of the fire. John helped him up and over to the bed.
John stood up and leaned in to Sherlock, his hot breath on his cheeks. “If you don’t stop injecting yourself with those drugs, you will die. There are signs, and you have them. Your organs are shutting down. It’s only a matter of time.”
Sherlock nodded his buried head. His long fingers were curled in a death grip on the front of John’s nightshirt.
"It was my professor, Richard Brook," admitted Sherlock. He began to shake with rage, his emotions finally getting the best of him. "I thought I had it under control, but, last night…” He ran a trembling hand through his hair. “I’m in over my head, John. I don’t know what to do.”
When the Earl didn’t continue, John momentarily forgot his own despair and looked up. He was shocked to see Mycroft pull his handkerchief from his pocket and wipe his nose and eyes. The action seemed to compose him a little.
John looked elated. “Good,” he said. He kissed him and stroked his sweaty curls. "You're brilliant. Amazing. Perfect. I can't believe how brilliant that was."
Dr. MacDougal managed a small smile. “You’re our best and brightest, John.” He leaned forward. “Will you grant me this favor? You may bring a guest, of course.”
Agnes wasn’t expecting him in Marseilles for another two weeks. At Mr. Thomas’s urging, he’d left early, planning to spend some time sightseeing in Paris before traveling south.
Fortuitously, at that same moment, the butler entered to informed the marquess that additional guest had arrived. He left the two men to their own devices in the library, and Sherlock quickly jumped up and was by John’s side in seconds.
John didn’t hesitate a moment. Sherlock watched as he slicked himself up with spit and gently guided his cock into his arse.
“That’s enough, ladies and gentlemen. Sherlock, congratulations. Everyone else, we’ve got a lot of work to do. Measure 78, on the downbeat, ready and a one, two…”
“When you first met me, I was a valet. A servant,” he said earnestly. “I was born the son of a vicar. After he died, my mother had to work as a lady's maid for us to survive. I shined boots and emptied chamber pots all day every day from the time I was six until I was sixteen. I'm not complaining. I was educated and fed and it could've been a lot worse. But there was no path to where I am now.”
John nodded in recognition of the name. “It seems you've returned earlier than expected. Well, it was good while it lasted," he said. "I’ll be out of your way in a few hours.”
John sped up a bit as the path leveled out. It was obvious he was not in the mood for this type of conversation. "If it's your thing, then that's great. But if it's not..."
As the dinner progressed, neither man laughed or dared to ask a probing question. Silence often followed answers to questions, and John was relieved when the waiter cleared away their plates.
Sorry for only one chapter. I've been ill and decided to rework something in the final part. To post asap
John ran to the British soldier’s side. He checked to make sure the two men were dead, then began to untie the hostage. The man, beaten and exhausted, looked up at him with almost translucent eyes, smiled, and then collapsed to the ground.
Mrs Watson smiled at her boy. “I am as proud as I’ve always been of you, John,” she replied. She took his hand and whispered. “Your father would also be very proud of you.”
It was privacy that seldom came with being in service. It had been years, except for the short trip to Berlin with Sherlock, that he'd had a room to himself. He had plans to look at the book that Sherlock had given him months before, the one he’d begged him to read but to keep hidden at all cost.
Felipe had laid down onto his stomach and was hanging over the side, shining the lantern down into the infrastructure of the bridge.
Sherlock felt the heat of embarrassment creep heavily into him. He began to draw himself up, his hand reaching to cover his trousers.
“Watson. We’re here for the view, nothing more. Two days. Two days and we are on our way to Marseilles. Now go to bed.”
John dared to glance up. Felipe glared back at him, his eyes shining with what John imagined was betrayal.
Sherlock was propped up on his elbows stretched out on the bed, his shirt unbuttoned exposing his chest. His pants were so tight, like a wetsuit that was just kinda wet but not completely wet. John went hard when he realized there was no way Sherlock could have any hair down there. There just wasn’t room.
John reveled in the feel of Felipe’s mouth on his neck, the weight of him on his abdomen. He knew the pleasure Felipe could easily bring to his neglected body. He couldn’t deny that he ached for it.
John woke up alone on the cot, his head pounding and his mouth dry.  He heard a tremendous amount of shouting from outside the tiny room, making him deeply regret his decision to drink until drunk.
Felipe fought a giggle, but failed. He did have the good sense to dissolve into a rather sever coughing fit to compensate.
Yes, it’s all good and fine that Sherlock was back, but she mustn’t lose her head; she was spoken for. She had moved on.
“I’ve been invited to attend the International Congress of Chemistry next month,” he said, then hesitated. “I wanted to make sure you were up for going.”
The conversation was light and pleasant. As they finished their entrees, John asked if they could wrap up William's untouched plate. Mr. Thomas was adamant they order dessert, since he hadn’t “had a decent treacle tart since Halidon Hall’s Christmas party three years ago”. John was becoming concerned at William’s absence. It was now after 9 o’clock, but Felipe had agreed to try the Battenberg cake and he didn’t want to spoil the mood.
John gently pried Felipe’s fingers away from his neck and wiped the blood away. Ahad sewed the wound shut carefully and placed the dressing on top. John then sent the student off to check on patients, leaving him alone with Felipe.
Sherlock leaned over but his body betrayed him. He shook so hard it took him two attempts to pick up his bow.
Which is why when he invited her to tag along during his work, he hadn’t expected her to turn so...clingy. Almost...fragile.
Holy week passed quickly, and Good Friday finally fell upon the village. The processionals were colorful and beautiful, and multiple reenactments of the crucifixion peppered the town square. In the evening, John attended mass with the Canales family and watched in amazement as each member of the community paid reverence to God, Jesus and the Mother Mary.  Afterward, everyone gathered for a celebration in the center of town, complete with food and fireworks.
It was the last house on the left. John hesitated, then mumbled a swear under his breath and made his way up the porch.
Sherlock glared at him, his nostrils flaring. “I don’t need you to protect me!” he shouted. “Brook killed Carl Powers, he may have killed Victor, and he’s parading around like he’s done NOTHING!”
Mycroft nodded as Lady Irene took the baby, holding her son to her ample bosom. John immediately joined the other male servants in putting out the fire.
“I'm well,” said John. He turned and hung up Sherlock's jacket. When he turned around, Sherlock was staring at him.
The crowd moved forward in a huge, descending blob of knives, sweat and desperation. John told Ahad and Felipe to get inside and bar the door. Felipe refused and pulled out a knife, nodding to John that they attack together. John took aim, his finger on the trigger, ready to fire.
With a grunt, he picked up the chair and slung it with all his strength directly at Sherlock's head.
“I see a young man who likes to take a lot of selfies,” said John. “And he doesn’t seem to have many friends. A bit of a loner, I guess.”
Sherlock hadn't been prepared for that question. He could only tell the truth. "Nothing else. That's all he wanted."
Sherlock let out a quick sob of distress, and he felt John hold on to him steadily, letting him adjust to his girth, his length. Finally, Sherlock pushed oh so slowly back against him, and John groaned in pleasure.
“There you are, bloody ungrateful boy!” he growled. “Is this where you've been keeping yourself hidden away?”
Sherlock managed a small smile, and stroked John’s cheek with his palm. He covered his lover's mouth with his own.
“It’s the same story you always hear,” said John. “I was in a public house and a recruiting sergeant plied me with free drink. I woke up with the Queen’s shilling in my pocket.”
The two men seemed to understand his concern.  Without a word, they quickly finished the rest of their desserts and headed back to the flat.
“If you'd been with me, if I hadn't have stormed off-" John swallowed hard. "I know my cousin. I told him you were off limits, no matter what, and he still took what he wanted.”
The voices grew distant as the students kept walking. John released Sherlock's lips, both young men left gasping.
“Then we practice on being in the present, even if it’s just for a moment,” John whispered, holding him even tighter.
“Oh, that.” Sherlock rose up from the sofa and shuffled to the fire. He warmed his hands against the flames. “I was ready to snatch you away from that blasted hospital if you weren't here. Good thing you were. Would’ve caused quite a spectacle,” he teased.
Sherlock followed the young secretary into side hallway. She knocked on the closed door of an office at the end of the hall.
John, unable to understand the language, watched for Felipe and Ahad’s reaction. Felipe answered immediately, throwing his hands up passively.
For a moment, Sherlock looked at John in pure adoration. He then snapped out of it and shimmied down the ladder.  “Thank you for your help, Watson. If you’d be so kind, I’d appreciate my riding attire readied before the luncheon.”
With his eyes glistening by the lamplight, he opened the box and pulled out a lovely, chestnut-colored violin.
“I don’t know what you’re up to, Holmes, but be careful. He may be a ghost, but he’s also a very bad man.”
“It was brilliant,” said John. “I wish you could have gone. There was a lady whose singing I thought would shatter the windows.”
The two men quickly washed and dressed. The restaurant next door to the Inn was quite a respectable establishment. John was pleased to find white linens covering the tables and a roaring fire near the back.
"Sherlock, don't," he said. "We don't have the equipment, and there's no telling how far down that tunnel goes."
“I’m not a doctor, m’lord,” said John. “I’ve never been to medical school. I learned what I know while stationed in India and Afghanistan.”
“Locked in his desk drawer,” Lestrade said appreciatively. “Should have a toxicology report by week’s end.”
Sherlock walked across the room and pulled a book out from behind his others on the shelf. He took John’s hand, and placed it firmly in his grasp.
"Next time, let me take care of you, yeah?" whispered John, his breath hot in Sherlock's ear. He slid a palm over the young musicians thigh, and squeezed gently.
Sherlock saw London as a fresh start. The building his family owned sat right off of Marleybone on Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson returned from her trip to France and set up housekeeping. With Sherlock’s blessing she hired a young woman named Marie Turner to help with the daily upkeep.
John felt his heartbeat fill his ears as Peter kept talking, but he could no longer hear what he was saying. Dread began in his cheeks and spread down his neck into his chest.
“Can you not see it from my perspective?” pleaded John. “You have all the power. ‘What I want?’ That’s a question far outside my privilege, m’lord. I dare say I never once thought about it until now.”
He then licked and kissed his tightened testicles and slid his tongue up and down his cleft. When he kissed his opening again, it had loosened a little, and John daringly slid his tongue a bit inside.
The door swung open, and Sherlock locked eyes on Brooks, who seemed surprised to find Sherlock is still in the room.
He stirred and sat up. “How was it?” he asked sleepily. He rose to help Sherlock out of his jacket and tie.
As he swallowed him down, John had the foresight to use his free hand again to cover Sherlock's mouth. Deep moans vibrated against his fingers as John sucked him and opened him with skilled, tiny thrusts.
Breath catches in his throat as his peripheral eye registers a dark figure looming in the open door way. He swears he locked the door behind him.
The young Muslim finally passed out from exhaustion. John helped him into the sitting room and laid him on the cot, covering him up.
Oscar Dzundza seemed to barely register John’s presence. His eyes were glazed and his stare unfocused.
“I received a letter from Commander Lestrade requesting my presence in South Africa,” said Sherlock.
"Please," he pleaded, his voice cracking. "Don't ask me leave. And don't ever leave me again. I can't bear it. I'm so sorry. I just
A shuffle and loud creak below them broke the moment. The released each other, both panting, John’s fist still wrapped in Sherlock’s coat.
“Someone is feeling better,” mumbled John as he ran his fingertips over the the taller man’s bare chest.
Sherlock pushed his back up against John's chest. "John," he whispered, relishing in his heat, his arms holding him in place, his huge thick cock filling him up, over and over.
John looked up at him in awe, his voice trembling as he quoted the lines he'd memorized, the words that made him burn with feelings he hadn't understood until it had been too late.
The Golem’s eyes suddenly focused and glared back at John. His deformed mouth began to twitch….and he spit directly into John’s face.
“John,” he groaned. “Oh dios, oh my god, oh, oh, OH!” He shouted, his legs tightening around John like a python. His whole body shuddered and writhed. John held him close and squeezed his prick as he released, stroking him until the last bit of sweet come left his beautiful body.
John slowed his hips. He pulled Sherlock’s knees up and over his shoulders and pressed forward, pushing the breath from Sherlock’s lungs.
When Victor didn’t show up for Concert Band the next morning, everyone was on edge, some glaring at Sherlock, others looking sadly at his empty chair.
“To bed,” he finally answered. He turned back and gave John a tired smile. “Don’t wake me up to fuck me this time.”
“Raibert was home from college,” said John. “He stopped by the house about the time I got home from school. Mum was out, worked the night shift, Harry, of course, had been gone for years by then. Raibert had this bartender book, we made these drinks, White Russians I think. I was right pissed.” John’s face changed as he continued. He became melancholy. “I let him fuck me face down on my own bed.” John looked up, remembering. “Years later at a family reunion the cousins all went out and got pissed and we found out Raibert had fucked us all. Boys, girls.” He shook his head. “Except for Harry. She wanted nothing to do with him, old girl.”
The chip & fish shop was unbearably tiny, warm, and crowded, but Molly didn’t seem to notice as she cuddled up next to Sherlock as they awaited their order. She closed her eyes to concentrate on his intoxicating scent: a mix of tobacco, bergamot and high-end cologne tinged with the London air wafted past her nose, temporarily blocking the pungent odor of the grease fryers only a few meters away.
Utterly devastated,  Sherlock slumps back against the wall, attempting to process the happenings of the last few moments, when -
“I hope you will understand that her agreement with the family is now void,” she said matter-of-factly.
Sherlock leaned forward to help, but John pinned him to the wall with this forearm. Sherlock could do nothing but watch his love writhe in pleasure and pain from his own making, his knees bent and thighs stretching and grinding over his own.
Sherlock reveled in the safety of John's presence on top and inside of him. He raised his head to take in his lips one last time before he fell apart and released into his lover's fist. Rainbows filled his vision as he bucked and writhed underneath him, reveling in his thrusts and caresses.
“Dr. Watson, do sit!’ said Irene. “We want to hear about your time in Morocco. I heard you successfully fought off a terrible outbreak enteric fever.”
“Aye,” John answered, his eyes downcast. He held out the appropriate cufflinks, and Sherlock glanced worriedly at him as he took the bits of silver and attached them to his sleeves.
John walked up to the small structure and looked inside. The door was locked and the place looked abandoned, but he could see furniture. He went around the side to get a better look.
“No one has to know,” he purred. “This is just for us. For me to show my appreciation for everything you’ve done for me.”
Sherlock suddenly sat up and got out of the bath, dripping water all over the floor. He grabbed a towel and began to wipe himself off.
John’s chest was solid and strong with fine blonde hairs that spread down towards his abdomen and into his groin. His length was thick and large and hard as a rock. It lay leaking helplessly against his belly.
The visitors were seen coming up the long drive to Land's End. Since it was Mycroft’s first time greeting visitors as the official Earl, it was tradition for the servants to line up outside the entrance to welcome the guests.
John kissed and licked against his body, feeling Sherlock pulse against his lips and tongue. Sherlock moaned, his length resting against his belly, hard and fat and desperate for attention.
John glanced around the small, empty room. He removed his hat as he was greeted by a middle aged woman with a harried look on her small, thin face.
The funeral was simple. The family paid for it and his mother was buried in the Berwick cemetery, though he wished he had the money to transport her to Luss to be buried there next to his father. His grief was enormous, but he was thankful for Mr Frank and Mr Thomas and Liza and the housekeeper. Their kindness and friendship pulled him out of his dark moments. Mr Frank especially worked to keep John engaged. He taught him extra skills beyond his footman duties, including valet protocol and how to wind the hallway clocks.
Felipe hummed in response and buried his face deeper into his body. He worked thoroughly to open him with his tongue, leaving him aching for the Spaniard's cock. John slid his hand between his body and the mattress and palmed his own prick. Precome slicked his fingers as he felt his testicles full and taut against his pelvis.
The next morning, John awoke with a massive hangover. He remembered bits and pieces of the walk back to Land’s End, but he had no memory of how he ended up in bed.
It was deep into the autumn weather when the neighbors warned them the first frost was nigh. William took great care in preparing his hives and John gathered kindling and restocked the coal supply. The wind turned cold the next afternoon but they both kept working through the plummeting temperature. John took care to seal the window in William’s room and gathered more blankets for the bed. He had the main hearth in the kitchen going all day, with a kettle of simmering potato and bacon soup ready for eating as soon as the sun set.
He was back in Kandahar, lying on the battlefield. His shoulder hurt like hell, and the sun burned down on him like fire on coal.
John didn’t follow. Instead, he let his weak knees buckle as he sat heavily back down at the table, his hand still wrapped around the large, dark wine bottle.
The two men stepped inside the front door, and reveled in the fresh smell of lavender lingering over the scrubbed floor and counters of the bright, tiny kitchen. To the left, a wide mantel framed a large stone hearth and in the middle, four chairs squeezed around a small, wooden table. John was excited to see a large sink with an attached water pump, so they wouldn’t be roughing it too much. The kitchen bled into the parlour, which held two decent size chairs, a fancy writing desk and two large bookshelves crammed full of books. A door to the right led to the one bedroom on the property, and the one to the left opened to the small outdoor sitting area that was covered overhead by wooden beams and thick vines.
The bow struck the right side of Sherlock’s arse hard enough it knocked him off balance, but he caught himself on a chair before falling to the floor. He stood back up immediately, sweat glistening on his forehead.
Sherlock reached up and pulled John’s hand down over his heart. The men slid together, chest to back, and reveled in the heat.
He gingerly stepped over the mutt as he walked into the lobby. A small bell rang above his head, signaling his entrance.
“I’ll catch up!” he yelled back. “You mind?” he said, pointing to the open space next to where Sherlock was sitting.
“You’re so bloody odd,” he whispered. “And I love you.”  He kissed him once, then twice. Sherlock reached down and picked up the last egg roll, and positioned it in front of John’s lips. He took a bite.
John cursed under his breath, but was still grinning as he made his way back to his steed as quickly as his cane would take him.
Sherlock was quickly disappearing inside himself. John didn’t understand what was happening. On the inside he began to panic. On the outside, he pulled Sherlock into his arms and embraced him.
John’s eyes lit up. It all made sense now. “In Berlin, you told me you were better off alone than living a lie.”
They locked eyes as Sherlock drew John’s member into his mouth and sucked, then pushed his hips so close to John’s face that his leaking, wet length brushed against his cheek.
The villagers, cold and tired, surrounded him, all with looks of sympathy and concern on their kind faces.
His mail piled up so high that Miss Turner didn't even bother to bring it to him anymore. She kept it stacked by month on Sherlock's old work table near the window.
“He wants me to oversee a new division created just for this problem, apparently. Consultant only, nothing official,” he continued. “I’m to leave within the week. With things settled here, I’m rather keen on going.”
John stood and shook his mentor’s hand. “I do hope your father recovers quickly. Safe travels, sir.” He shoved the note and money into his jacket pocket without so much as a glance.
John responded immediately, his lips on Sherlock’s, his body wrapping around him and holding him close. “You taste so good,” whispered John between kisses. “Tell me what to do next.”
“They are usually correct,” replied Sherlock. “I spend most of my time playing music instead of conversing.”
His mouth was suddenly filled with warm, salty liquid. John swallowed without thinking as his hand roughly palmed his own throbbing erection, his hips rocking back and forth. He whimpered softly as he released against his fingers, the head of Sherlock’s softening penis still touching his glistening lips.
“I’m going to cut those bespoke trousers off of you one snip at a time.” Said John evenly. “Then I’m gonna bury myself so deep in you that you’ll wonder how I did it for days.”
“I think you do,” John said softly, threading his fingers through Sherlock’s wild, dark locks and briefly massaging his skull. Without a word, John gathered the young man into his arms and pulled him tightly to his chest. Sherlock gasped with a strange mix of relief and disbelief before embracing him just as tightly in return.
The room was quiet except for Sherlock’s ragged breathing. He felt one of the tears he’d been desperately trying to hold back slide down one of his stinging cheeks.
John immediately leaned forward and captured Sherlock’s wet lips, feeling the sweat that had formed along his temple and cheeks. He gently probed his mouth with his tongue.
Sherlock was beginning to display the effects of multiple rounds of gin. John had to admit that he was feeling pretty good himself.
He went over to the elegant, trim desk and pulled on the drawers. They all revealed nothing but letters and tests tubes and random findings from Sherlock’s scavenger hunts. He then noticed the bottom drawer’s appearance was off. It was too shallow. He pulled out the letters lying on top and lifted the base inside. Hidden underneath was a long box.
Sherlock blushed at John’s words, the shyness a lovely contrast from the debauchery evident on the rest of his body. He leaned over and kissed John softly, then settled in on his chest.
John closed his eyes and let the memories of the war voluntarily flood his mind. He could easily go back to that day he was shot outside of Kandahar because it was always bubbling underneath the surface, threatening to emerge, to ruin his every moment whether awake or asleep with the smells, tastes, and sounds of the battle. He closed his eyes and rested against Sherlock as he spoke.
William hissed as the needle went through his skin. The numbing agent John had used was not very effective.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and sighed. “Is there any way you would at the very least consider not addressing me as m’lord when we’re alone?” He walked up and with a huff handed John a stack of books, then pulled the ladder over and crawled up to the top shelf.
John’s words were a tonic for Sherlock's hesitation. He opened himself wide as thick, slicked fingers gently pushed inside of him, working him into a frenzy as he was stimulated over and over again by gentle pressure and well placed fingertips.
“You’re gorgeous, you know that?” cooed Brook. “You’re cheekbones are exquisite.” His brushed the side of his index finger along Sherlock’s left cheek. Sherlock jerked way, genuinely shocked.
John shut his eyes and sucked in his breath. The anger and resentment he’d felt for Sherlock had slowly disappeared over the last few weeks. It had been replaced with overwhelming guilt. He nodded in response.
“You’ve left me with little choice,” answered John. “I…” His next words caught in his throat as raw emotion threatened to overwhelm him. He dared look up and acknowledge the thin, emaciated shadow of a man that he once loved standing there, glaring at him, hating him, raging at him with fierce, beautiful eyes.
“I need you to tell these people to go back to their homes,” said John. “If they do not leave immediately I will shoot them.”
Sherlock eased himself onto him again, the penetration still uncomfortable, his body hunched forward a bit as his fingers gripped John’s wrists.
It growled so loudly that John burst out laughing, then asked him how long it been since he’d eaten. When Sherlock couldn't remember, he jumped out of bed and immediately called the Chinese takeaway around the corner.
John finally resigned his curiosity and leaned his head against the side, hoping to catch a little sleep before they boarded.
John’s face brightened, his eyes glancing gratefully at Sherlock. “Yes, sir, in Kabul. We convalesced in the same infirmary. His lordship was very kind and offered me employment in Land’s End, as I am a trained footman and valet. My former employer was the Marquess of Berwick.” He reached into his pocket and pulled out a piece of paper. He handed it over to Roberts. “I am eager to fulfill any position. I can start today.”
The name of the village trickled into the unpleasant memory of how he’d left things with Felipe. Though he’d made the right decision to stay with Sherlock, he sometimes wondered what had become of the man, the medical school and the vineyard.
Sherlock turned away, his lithe body starting to shake nervously. He knew how bad it had to look; the swollen, red welts from the baton standing out prominently on his white skin, the swollen mark under his jaw a scarlet pock marring the landscape of his pale neck.
John struggled to his feet as his anger grew at the marchioness and her secrets. He grabbed his bag and followed Sherlock through the aisle of the carriage.
The taller man wrapped his long legs around John's waist. John leaned in and stroked the Spaniard’s large, leaking prick over and over as he mouthed at the dark hairs on his chest. He took a nipple inbetween his teeth and flicked his tongue teasingly, enjoying Felipe's gasps and squirms.
Peter spoke excellent English, and when Sherlock said as such, the man explained he’d been a waiter in London at the Grand Hotel for years before returning home to his family's inn.
Felipe didn’t answer. He placed his foot on top of the shovel and pushed hard, severing the ground and lifting a heavy pile of dirt, flopping it ungracefully to the side.  His pace quickened, the hole growing deeper.
He immediately closed up the clock and walked carefully down the hallway towards the bed chambers. He gasped when he saw smoke billowing from under the nursery door.
“There, it’s settled,” announced Sherlock, slapping and rubbing his hands together. “I’ll tell him. He can start as soon as possible. That is, if it's okay with you Roberts.”
He could only think Sherlock’s mouth, his ample, soft lips pressing against his, the sense of his tongue waiting to enter, wet and hungry. He remembered the sensation of his breath dancing on his cheek, and the smell of brandy mixed with cologne and sweat and dusty Berlin air.
“So you're not at liberty to say,” pressed Sherlock. He packed up his violin. “Rather naughty of you, to mention it and not give me even a crumb of intel.”
His heart leapt into this throat as he walked into the sitting room. William sat in his chair, relaxed, his long leg crossed over the other. Across from him was Felipe, recently bathed, fully-dressed and rested, sipping a cup of tea.
John sits down next to Sherlock, taking his hand in his. “It is our home. And I’ll be on leave before you know it.”
John sat up and rested his arms on his knees. He stared out into the ocean. “My mother died suddenly. I was dismissed soon after.”
Sherlock nodded, fat tears dropping from his translucent eyes and down his cheeks. Instead of calming him, John’s words seemed to cause him more distress. His body withered and shrank down into itself.
So they lived happily for nearly a decade, joined together by their minds as much as their hearts. Though they were very careful in public to appear only as friends, when the doors of 221B locked for the evening, they were as informal and loving as any besotted couple.
They both composed and adjusted themselves to greet the ancient hostess, who looked at them suspiciously as they left the museum.
“Sorry, mate!” he said, stepping to the side. “Got a train to catch!” He stepped up into the cab just as a familiar, honeyed baritone responded immediately behind him.
John huffed with amusement and yanked off his trousers. He covered Sherlock's body with his own while biting and tugging on Sherlock’s red and puffy mouth.
John let out a tiny whimper of shock as he received the kiss. Electricity flowed through his chin, down his neck and into his chest. He broke away suddenly by lowering his head. His chest rose with heavy breaths. He didn't think Sherlock was breathing at all.
John and Sherlock sat side by side in the passenger carriage, listening to the train huff and puff while idling. Sherlock was desperately forcing his mouth closed and had resorted to sitting upon his hands. His leg still bounced in a steady, nervous rhythm, as his eyes fixated on the wall across of him.
“You begged me not to leave you alone,” he said. His translucent eyes failed to sparkle, but their gaze still held John in place.
“Sherlock,” he said, his eyes flashing, his jaw stiff with anger. “You promised me -” he stopped, his voice breaking as he let out a frustrated hum. “You promised,” he said again.
“It’s not your fault, Mrs Hudson,” replied Sherlock. He gave her a small, reassuring smile. “I’m wreaking havoc. My father would not have approved.”  He turned off the valve and unhooked the burner from the line, reattaching it to the stove. He then turned and kissed Mrs Hudson on the cheek. “Dinner smells heavenly, per usual.”
“You are cherished, John Watson,” he continued. “In the deepest, most private way a man can cherish another. It’s a privilege to share my life with you. I wish I could shout it to the world.”
John’s mouth dropped open in disbelief. He had never heard the man utter one negative word about the family in all the years he’d been at Halidon Hall.
He glanced up as he was swarmed by a large group of uni students walking into a local pub. Sherlock thought it was a homeless man standing behind them at first, huddled next to a street lamp and lingering in the bushes for warmth. But upon second glance, Sherlock realized the man was actually Victor Trevor, wearing an oversized hoodie, filthy trousers and muddy shoes.
"Oh, John," groaned Sherlock, his plump, wet lips searching for John's as his body was pressed deep into the mattress. Sherlock's legs parted and John slid comfortably in between, his hands slipping underneath the tight button-down shirt stretched over the young man's flushing chest.
“Hmpf,” remarked Mycroft. He walked back and forth, eyeing the board. "I’m serious, Sherlock. Cromwell is beneath you. I’d wish you’d reconsider.”
He remained still until John dug his fingers into his skinny hips. He squirmed as John pushed his thighs apart and positioned himself between his legs. A gasp escaped his pink, insolent mouth, his body responding to the heat and pressure of John's flat abdomen.
On Saturday, John strolled around the campus enjoying the flowers and trees and the buzz of student chatter. He thought about how he would have liked to have gone to medical school like his friend and mentor Mike Stamford. He caught sight of Sherlock at one point, standing in the middle of a crowd of gentleman as he lectured on something John couldn’t quite make out.
"Johnny!" he shouted, stepping over the couch and embracing John Watson in an intimidating, not to mention naked, bear hug.
Several immediate blows to his back and Sherlock was finally brought to his knees. Brook grabbed him by the hair again and dragged him across the floor to the open doorway.
Heavy drops of water landed on John’s blonde, exposed head. He looked up, wondering if the wind had shifted, causing the fall’s trajectory to change.
"Oh, I'm bloody pissed off" John assured him, humour dancing in his eyes. "And that's definitely going to come out every now and then. And you'll be doing the sodding groceries from now on. But you're here. That's all that matters."
Sherlock glanced away, fighting the feeling of his heart cleaving in two. His eyes prickled, but he refused to let his transport betray him now.
', and while I do, I hope any allusions Irene may have made to my feelings for you, did not make you uncomfortable-"
Sherlock reached his position just in time to see John stood in front of the grave bearing Sherlock's name. That most excellent of men touched his gravestone gently, turning away from Sherlock for what could be (if Sherlock was being realistic) the final time. Sherlock was gripped with the sudden, irrational urge to call out, to get John to come back to him. But he couldn't do that, not if John was potentially getting over him.
Irene picked her moment perfectly. Sherlock was currently in the middle of an experiment at Bart's, and John was due home from the surgery any minute now. She sat demurely on Sherlock's chair, tapping her fingers against the smooth leather, smirking at the sound of John's tired treads upon the stairs.
John spluttered but Irene just looked at him evenly. The sandy haired student slumped in defeat. "Since the mad bastard deduced me in the lab the first time we met."
"Singlehandedly dismantling Moriarty's network" Sherlock shrugged. He didn't see that much of a problem. As Mycroft said, it was his mess, he ought to be the one to clean it up. "Anywhere from two to five years, Mycroft predicts. If I don't die."
Mycroft glowered at Sherlock's typically dramatic entrance into his incredibly dull office. Wordlessly, his rubbish older brother handed over a thick folder and an envelope Sherlock imagined held the necessary details of who he was going to be for his phase of the mission.
Sherlock fixed his eyes on John, automatically taking in his flushed cheeks, tense posture, averted eyes, and clenched fists. Clearly uncomfortable. Why? Ah.
"Doctor Watson is no longer under surveillance" Mycroft replied, sounding bored despite the fleeting horror Sherlock's threat had caused. "But if you see him now, Sherlock, I cannot guarantee his safety. Or yours."
Without a single second to lose (she had urgent Christmas plans in New York with Kate), Irene leapt upon the first idea that came to her, charming John and Sherlock's beloved landlady (not their housekeeper) to let her in to wait for her boys.
"No?" John frowned, confusion etched into his face. "He was sitting right in front of me when he said it."
"Irene, I thought we agreed after last time, no more visits" John pointed out, far more calmly than normal. Usually, he would be yelling at her to get out of his flat. Such a jealous man, that one. She had only had such vigorous interest in Sherlock to try and make his flatmate jealous - how was she supposed to know that it wouldn't work out the way she hoped? "What do you want this time?"
"Not at all" Irene assured him, now fully smirking. "How long have you been in love with Sherlock, our enigmatic yet oblivious consulting detective?"
Irene revelled in the way John jumped and turned to gape at the cheek-boned genius that stood behind him, Sherlock's cheeks flushed from the cold outside. "What did my jumper ever do to you?"
"I said shut up, Sherlock" John warned, Sherlock's mouth snapping closed at the order. "You never once said that you were gay, Sherlock" John continued, the bite back in his tone. Frustrated - at him? Probably. He usually was. "I was there. I asked and you said that relationships were not your area, and you considered yourself married to your studies and in time your work."
"John" Sherlock began, grateful for the distraction of sneaking back to Mycroft's waiting car. "There is one more thing I should tell you. I meant to tell you when I was on the roof - but you didn't deserve to hear it like that." He turned to face John, but found his gaze incapable of meeting John's. His blogger took his hand (trembling, odd) and gently encouraged him to meet his gaze. He stared for a long time, trying to convey without words the sentiment he was feeling. "John" he said, frowning at the way his name always sounded like what Sherlock was really meaning (which he was) was that John was his entire universe. "John" he said again, this time softer but no less productive.
John glowered at her in the way he normally did when Sherlock was being a 'bit not good'. "If this is your idea of a joke, Irene" he glared, reminding her of a particularly cross hedgehog. "It is in very poor taste. Sherlock made it abundantly clear that he doesn't do relationships."
After that dramatic exit, there was only one place Sherlock could think to go. He hacked into Mycroft's security network (pathetically easy really), and found where John Watson was going. His grave. How utterly sentimental. How perfectly John.
"No" Sherlock snapped, drawing himself up tall. The realisation hit him like it had been there all along. And he supposed it had really, ever since a former army doctor had limped his way into his lab, his flat, and his life. "Alone isn't what protects me. John Watson is."
John sat, but he didn't look happy about it. Irene wasn't bothered - John didn't look happy unless he was following Sherlock around looking amazed. Then again, it could be her latest unannounced drop-in that had irked the former army doctor.
"Hurry up" Sherlock said. Or well, he would have said it. If John hadn't chosen that very moment to bury his hands in his hair and press their lips (finally) together.
"Of course I'm not bloody gay, you git!" John yelled, Mrs Hudson's voice echoing up the stairs with a cry of 'neighbours!'.
"Well" Sherlock began, pacing a little. "You are a rubbish actor. Really, you might just blow the whole operation if you go back." John let out a growl of frustration (or was it offense? Sherlock couldn't tell), and Sherlock turned back to him, hands out in placation. "Fancy coming along?" Sherlock asked, quirking a wry smile. John stared at him for a long moment, anger warring with relief in his eyes. "Could be dangerous."
"Good" John stated, drawing himself up to his full bearing. "Because I love you too. And just so you know, I'm a jealous bastard, and you're never kissing anyone else ever again."
"Oh that's alright then!" John yelled, sarcasm dripping from his voice. "Of course you couldn't tell me you didn't actually kill yourself! That's a perfectly valid reason!" John stood with his head in his hands for a long minute, visibly calming his temper. "I was being watched? Moriarty?"
