“Oh shit, grenade!” His feet slipped as he hurried away from the vehicles as fast as he could. Steve and Bucky were quicker than he was, and he was surprised when he felt his feet leave the ground as the two alphas picked him up.
“I know. I didn’t get to touch you for a month.”
“Boss, we’re outside a shop as requested.” Happy said through the privacy window.
Sighing, Steve pulled Tony into a hug and held him tight. “I understand. When things get more stable, we can talk about this again.”
Swallowing, he wiped his hand on his pants and watched as Steve stopped running, looking at the plane as it sped away from him. Tony whined, then yelped as the car screeched to a halt beside the super soldier.
“Basic training lasts over two months, there’s no way you could learn it all in just one.”
Peggy was the first one to enter the building, searching one way while Tony went another. She stepped over fallen beams and burned furniture that might have caused her to fall if she didn’t watch where she was going. There was a light breeze blowing as a man over a loudspeaker gave out announcements to the citizens of London. She paid them no attention as she paused to look around. She was about to turn back to find Tony when she heard the slightest sound of glasses clinking together. She followed the sound, and to her relief, she found Steve. She sighed as she watched him turn to look at her.
A pang of guilt rose in Steve’s chest as he watched Tony leave. He pocketed the burgers before taking after him, although more at a brisk walk than a run. He saw Tony run past their car and down the drenched sidewalk. Sighing, he started jogging to catch up, which he caught up fairly easily.  “Tony, please stop.” He reached out and grabbed the omega’s arm, pulling him to a full stop.
“Thank you,” Tony said in a small voice, smiling perhaps too wide at the alpha.
The pause before Steve answered made Tony’s heart sink. “That’s a little bit tougher to explain.”
calculations were
“I doubt you’ll be telling me to stop any time soon.” Underneath the table, Steve pushed a leg forward and ran it up one of Tony’s.
"Yeah, makes it easier for us when we get new missions. If you two stay here with us, you'll get your own rooms. If you like of course."
“Then maybe when Captain Rogers comes he will get you another bottle. Unless you don’t want them when he’s here away from the war. He will be here for heats, after all.”
“Right, don’t want him to yell at us for getting to know each other,” Steve agreed with a chuckle.
Tony’s breath hitched in his throat as his eyes widened. He hadn’t known how seriously he had been injured until that moment, and he was thrown into a panic attack all over again. His shaking hands reached up to touch his chest, but before he could really touch the skin, a wave of intense pain that took his breath away jolted through Tony’s body. He cried out weakly as he fell forward onto the floor, clutching his chest as best as he could. New tears sprang up from his eyes as he struggled to breathe and stop shaking. He was terrified of what was going to happen to him. Not even the lingering scent of his alpha could calm him as he panicked on the floor, stripped of almost all his clothes and feeling colder than before.
Smiling, Tony moved to get some clothes on. He couldn’t wait to see Steve again and show him the designs he had come up with. Tony couldn’t stand another day seeing that horrible show suit that the blond had to wear most of the time, though his tour was officially cancelled, so Steve wasn’t going to be wearing the suit any time soon. Any other time he was going to be wearing the suit would either be heading into a Hydra base or out of one. If Steve was going to still be Captain America, he was going to go in style.
“If one smacks my ass, I’ll smack their face with my fist, simple as that.” Tony shrugged, then groaned as his father called his name again. “Don’t start that new job without me, soldier.” He smirked as he took a bite of his sandwich, then turned to leave with his father.
"Tony might not like it, but it's cold out, and anyone deserves a warm meal, even wrongdoing alphas."
With all the commandos scattered, it was easier for the Hydra agents to single others out, and of course they chose Tony to focus on since was clearly the new one. Tony was quickly surrounded, guns aimed at him as he looked around. They were shouting at him, mostly in German, but he paid their words no attention. He had a trick up his sleeve to get him out of the situation. Now if only Steve would look over and see the trick be put into motion...
When they found the source, Tony’s eyes widened at the intense heat that suddenly blasted against his face. It wasn’t as intense as the explosion, but it was close. He stepped back a little, then grew angry and shot the man wielding flame throwers that were blasting fire in a very specific direction. The fire stopped almost immediately, or at least the fire coming out of the flame throwers stopped. The man
“Mmm, fuck my incredibly smart brains out, then spoil me with gentleness in the aftercare. Bonus points if you stoke my ego with compliments during any of it, and mega bonus points for eating me out in the start—fuck, that was hot.”
Steve nodded, sliding into the car. "Hydra wants to make omegas equal to alphas. Our new world order has this as one of our top priorities."
Steve’s voice allowed Tony to build up the strength to speak again, his voice soft and full of emotion. “I’m here…”
The man was silent for a bit, drinking a bit of his coffee before he responded. "I had a suspicion they were physical with each other… I feel like this is my fault. I was the one who called for Steve to return to London. Took him away from Tony right after they shared a heat and a rut."
Steve nodded. “Well, ruts are a bit different compared to heats, aside from the obvious,” Steve continued. “Heats you can feel coming only hours before, if that. Ruts you can feel coming days, even weeks before. I don’t know when your next heat is due to arrive, but… I just want you to know that I can feel another rut coming. I’ve felt it for about a week now, and I don’t know how much longer until it finally hits.”
“You’re too kind,” Steve said. “But who knows, maybe the paparazzi will be interested in the cool, up and coming artist who is more than likely dating Tony Stark.”
Taking a shaky breath, Tony splashed some water on his face, staring at the drain his pills had gone down. “Fuck you, Dad,” he spat out before leaving the bathroom. He needed to find Steve. Steve would make him feel better.
“I know. That’s when my next heat is due after this one, so if he does get to come in August, I hope he comes before my heat. Or during it. I don’t want to go through more than one without him now. It just feels wrong.”
“Oh, so you’re looking for the perfect roommate then?”
Tony smiled. “We almost can’t keep our hands off each other. God, it’s really hard not to just reach out and touch him every time I see him. I swear he gets more attractive by the day. I… I wish I could see him again. I have a picture of us hugging in a frame. I cracked the glass in the frame actually… I should probably get a new frame.”
The medic excused himself to call the emergency number for an ambulance, and Peggy, got on her knees close to Howard, eyes wide and full of tears. She shook her head and balled her hands up into fists on her thighs. “Why didn’t you let us help you, Tony? You wouldn’t have to have this stupid thing in your chest now…”
"Sure, but we've got a few more things for you two to do before you get settled into modern life again. And that includes a flight out to Malibu. Surely you'd be okay with that."
“Wow, I… thank you, guys. I thought I’d have to do more convincing.” Tony chuckled, then started crying, a smile on his face. “I love you guys,” he whispered as his parents wrapped their arms around him.
The omega’s mouth dropped open, eyebrows shooting up in a devastated expression. There was another pause, this one filled with emotional pain so unbelievable that Tony couldn’t help but let tears slide down his face.
Even more slick appeared against Steve’s tongue in response to the thought.
to have you? Are you
“Yes, Tony and I stay here all day anyways, so we’ll be free any time you have.”
“Holy shit, Steve, this place is expensive… and hard to get a reservation at! How are we eating here?”
"He happens to want to talk about a business deal," the assistant said."
Tony shook his head, more tears falling. “No, Steve… I lost the baby after three months.”
Steve nodded, seeming to choose his next words carefully. “Yeah. I didn’t know if I wanted you to come with me or not. I’m still not sure, really. It’s going to be dangerous, even for me.”
“I would be doing a lot if you just let me do the things I want to do,” Tony snapped back. “Let me work on your projects with you, let me make designs for weapons you can make, let me do the calculations!”
“Rest, honey. I’ll get you some water and make some soup for when you feel like eating.”
Steve caught a whiff of Tony’s scent, making him groan deep, his body shifting into rut to compliment Tony’s heat. He closed his eyes and relished in the feeling before opening them again and moving his hands, spreading apart Tony’s ass cheeks and leaning down to give the waiting hole a lick.
“Are you trying to make up for not getting to spend Christmas with me?”
“Yup.” Tony opened a drawer and started pulling out his things, tossing them in a bag if he wasn’t putting them on, “The guy’s a keeper for sure, Clint. God, last night
“Sounds bad,” Tony said bluntly.
“Amazing,” Peggy said, expressing how everyone else was feeling.
“Well, you make me happy, and you think sleep makes me healthy so the obvious solution would be to sleep with you!”
“It sounded like they really needed Tony to be there for the captain.”
"I'd love to as well, Tony. If we can get some free time during your next heat, I'll definitely be with you for the whole thing."
Tony choked back more tears as he listened to Steve’s words. They were all true, and no matter what Howard had ever said to Tony, none of it mattered. Tony was special, and Steve could see that. Steve wanted to protect what was special about Tony, even if it meant yelling in Howard’s face and telling the beta just how much Tony meant to the alpha. The mental image of Steve telling Howard to fuck off made Tony feel warm inside, and he decided right then that he wanted to stay with Steve the rest of his life.
“I believe it. But I promise I’ll do my best to not be an asshole alpha. You deserve someone to treat you right for once.”
Tony had to pause, his vision getting blurry with tears. “I don’t want to leave your side ever,” he started again, Steve bringing the hand with the ring up to the omega’s face to wipe away the tears. “I love you too much to give up on you now. I want you now more than ever, Steve… I want to marry you and have a family with you… and I want you to become my caretaker.”
“Not quite. They want my company and money to add to their own companies and fortunes, oh, and to push me to be the stereotypical barefoot and pregnant omega that only leaves the nest when the alpha overlord wants to show off of ye olde times.”
Tony’s face went white as Howard started grabbing for his bag, clearly wanting to find those pills. “Dad, stop! They’re my pills, you have no right to them!”
“I’m okay with that. We won’t have to worry about your dad during your heat that way.”
“Did you ever pick out a name for them?”
Tony shook his head. “My stomach is not feeling good again. I just… want to lay down.”
"Thank you, I hope I didn't arrive too early," Steve said while sitting down, checking his watch.
Relaxing a bit Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and turned them so they were on their sides. He kissed the back of the omega’s neck gently, taking in the strong omegan scent. Very faintly, he could smell a slight change that signaled Tony’s heat would come very soon. The alpha made a pleased rumbling sound at the scent.
"Yes, because I don't think Captain Rogers will be safe around Tony for a while," Peggy commented, shaking her head.
“If you think it’d help, I can go with you when you confront him,” Steve offered.
“We are taking the fight to Hydra,” Phillips replied. “Pack your bags, Agent Carter. You too, Stark. We fly to London tonight.”
“I’m glad you decided to clean up before coming down, because you smell so nice now.” Maria smiled and reached a hand out to ruffle her son’s hair, still a bit damp from the water.
“Me? Involved in a scandal? Never!”
“Any sort of pain or blood with the vomiting?”
"Looked like you were a little upset earlier," Steve started, tilting his head to the side. "Bad night at work?"
Tony didn’t get an answer, only being forced to scramble to the side as Steve stood up, pocketing his sketchbook. He ran out into the rain, heading towards the tent he knew Colonel Phillips was.
“I thought you didn’t want to talk about it.”
“Should be mid next month, in Czechoslovakia,” Steve replied. “Why do you ask?”
“You and I are going to have a conversation later that you won’t enjoy,” Phillips said in a bored tone, clearly fed up with the way Steve was talking to him.
"Clearly. I mean you're smart and, I'm guessing, you invent your own things and want to use them rather than just let them sit as ideas on paper. Some alphas just don't get how smart omegas actually are. Hell, I've been outsmarted by omegas several times."
“If you require anything else, just let me know.” Jarvis closed the door to the car and took it into the garage while Tony and Maria went into the manor.
“I remember,” Tony said. “That was before I had an alpha to ward off any others who wanted to court me. Now I don’t have to worry so much about what I wear.”
“My baby… I’m so sorry, I want to make this all better for you, but I know I can’t.” With the saddest look in her eyes that Tony had ever seen, Maria rested her hands on her son’s hips. “I wish I could just snap my fingers and cause your suffering to end.”
Tony woke up feeling very good. It took him a minute to process how good he felt, letting out a soft moan before opening his eyes. Ah, yes, that was why he felt so good.
“Tony, slow down please,” Maria said in a sad tone, reaching a hand over to grab her son’s wrist. “You’re going to make yourself sick, dear.”
"Well maybe we can grab some burgers on the way back to the tower tonight."
Steve glanced back at the map. “Yes, Sir,” he said most confidently. “I’ll need a team.”
“GO!”
Steve looked down at the ground, holding Tony closer.
Tony’s next appointment was set up for a month later, and he had to admit he was looking forward to it a little. He had spent most of the previous day trying to come to terms with actually being pregnant and what that meant for him. Mostly he dwelled on the fact that Steve’s child was growing inside of him, and that little fact kept him sane and a little bit happy.
The four of them walked over to a table that had a larger map on it, each of the Hydra bases marked with a little flag with the letter H on them and a little factory looking marker. There were six in total. Tony wondered who made the markers and flags as Steve started talking.
"Good," the alpha smiled. "In that case, nice to meet you JARVIS."
“If that’s what it takes,” Steve answered in a rushed tone.
“Fury said something like that, yeah…” Steve went silent again as his hand roamed up from Tony’s waist to the arc reactor in his chest. “What happened here?”
Steve nodded and was about to leave when Tony tugged at his sleeve.
As the agents backed down, Steve relaxed some, but he was still on edge. His stomach churned just a little; worried about the truth of what happened to his omega, the love of his life whom he missed so much that it physically hurt. He knew what that feeling was. It was the start of mate sickness, and Steve figured that Tony had gone though it most of his life if he had chosen not to move on from the super soldier alpha he had fallen in love with.
Curious, Tony shuffled his way over to Peggy and Steve just as the man left. “What’s going on?”
He did not want to share that cock and knot with any other omega, that much he already knew.
“Yup, even when grouped with only omegas, I’m the shortest of the bunch. Look.” He kicked off his shoes and hopped to his feet, arms spread wide. “I’m smol and adorable.”
“I hope you were able to nest properly somewhere nice.”
in rut after all.”
“Sounds like we’re a match, omega.” Steve picked up the pace just a tiny bit, moving his hips back further until he was almost pulling all the way out of the omega.
Steve closed his sketchbook and set it to the side. "Before the serum, I wanted so bad to join the army and do my part. I dreamed about coming over seas, being on the front lines, serving my country. Finally got what I wanted… and here I am wearing tights.”
“You reengineered the serum?”
“I know.” Tony grabbed Steve’s hand and squeezed it. “I know…”
Tony sighed as he watched Steve turn and exit the stage, grunting a little as the pain in his rib returned briefly. He was glad it was healed all the way, but every once in a while, if he made a wrong move, his side would hurt for a brief period of time. As the alpha passed him, he didn’t try to say anything or touch him. He looked upset enough already. Maybe after getting out of his costume, which was still stupid looking, Steve would feel a little better.
Maria smiled. “I’m just teasing you. I think your hair is looking gorgeous, Tony.”
“You don’t have to go home, you know,” Steve said. “You can stay with me.”
“Well honestly the only perfect roommate I can think of for you is me,” Steve continued, ignoring Tony. “You couldn't possibly have meant that, right?”
The sobs got past Tony’s lips again before he was able to speak. “I lost Steve…”
Phillips looked at Peggy, impressed, but Peggy wasn’t fazed. She smiled and jumped into the car, motioning for the Colonel to follow. “Come on, action now, questions later, Colonel.”
“Name?”
"Correct," Steve said, smirking. "Unless you wanted to share, you both can get you own rooms."
“I see, and that would keep Tony safer?”
“You were so good, Tony,” Steve breathed out, his breath tickling the small hairs on the back of Tony’s neck. “Such a good omega…”
The agent hesitated, but she took his things with a sigh and left the room, giving the couple their space.
The foreplay seemed to last forever to Tony, each little nip releasing wave after wave of slick. The cot was pretty much soaked with slick, as was the nest, but neither alpha nor omega minded. They were so infatuated with each other that a soaked cot was the least of their worries. Tony was more concerned about when Steve was finally going to take his briefs off and fuck the living daylights out of him. Surely he was enticing enough for his alpha already, right? Yeah, it was their first time, things could get awkward and long, but hell, Tony was practically begging for Steve to get a move on.
“Push that button now!”
The omega whined in protest, feeling the tip of Steve's cock slip out of him. "Don't want to use protection," he grumbled.
The straps the reactor was on barely were strong enough to keep the reactor attached to Tony if he moved around, and there weren’t any proper materials that were around to keep the reactor on Tony’s body. Howard swallowed, going over the thought that had just crossed his mind. It was risky, as he was no medical professional, but there was the chance that it could help.
“I know you’re the one who gave me the ring,” Steve said, his voice full of emotion. “But I feel like it’s only right that I ask you this, since it seems you’re ready for it.”
Tony let out his own groan, barely getting the word “Alpha” out as he looked back at Steve. He felt his belly get full with the knot, which made him feel so warm and far beyond satisfied. If only Steve hadn’t asked about protection, he would have felt the alpha’s cum filling him as well. Tony settled for just the knot though, simply feeling happy that Steve had finally joined him for a heat. This wasn’t the only time they were going to fuck, Tony knew, but for a moment he could relax before his heat demanded he be filled again. For the time being, he could just relax his body, feel Steve deep inside him and be happy that he finally had a bonded alpha. He just needed that bite scar on his neck…
"I can't say I'm upset at her. She did save me from my boredom." Tony shrugged as he looked up at Steve. "But that was very smooth."
By the time the two were fully dressed, save for Tony’s arc reactor, which was in his hands wrapped up around its straps, the Howling Commandos were standing at the ready, waiting to be led by Steve into what was probably the most important battle of their lives. This battle demanded the attention of not just the commandos, but of the men under Colonel Phillips’s command. The headquarters of Hydra was a far more ambitious take down than any of the other Hyda bases. This was going to require all the wits and brawn they could come up with, and even then, it wasn’t going to be easy just to take down Johann Schmidt.
The doctor watched him go, humming in thought. “Vomiting, dizzy, pain, and extremely hungry. How long has the pain lasted?”
"You'll be free to act however you want, that won't change."
Tony kept his excitement in check as he smoothed down his coat and shifted his weight to one hip. “Captain Rogers.”
Bucky rolled his eyes, grabbing Tony’s wrist and lifting it while also lightly punching the omega’s side. He sighed when Tony cried out in pain and jerked away his hand. “Sure, just bruised.”
On top of the soldiers preferring omegas over Captain America, Tony could feel his body preparing for heat. He was spending his first heat away from home, outside of the US even. He was glad he had Steve with him, but at the same time, it was honestly scary. Tony had packed some of the basic things he would need, knowing his heat would happen while in Europe. He just hadn’t expected it so soon. They had barely been in Italy for a week before his body started to ache in his stomach and a bit in his chest. He really wished that he had some suppressant pills, but his father had never let him get any, and his mother was unsure of them, since they were a fairly new revolution in the medical world. After all, why would any omega want to put a stop to the suffering of heats every cycle?
"Wonderful," the omega purred while Steve grabbed his arms and let out a small, possessive growl.
want to give us little guys equality?”
“Nicholas sounds like a nice man. Omega I assume?”
“That’s not what this is about, I promise. But I wanted to tell you… some alphas only get ruts once or twice a year, and I had one back in February, right after you left. That…” Steve paused, clearing his throat. “Well, I mean I don’t want to compare it to your heats, because I know spending those alone are miserable.”
Tony chewed on his bottom lip, staying silent until their food was finally brought to their table. Both alpha and omega thanked their waiter and started eating, striking up casual conversation between bites. At some point in the middle of their conversations, Tony felt the need to bring up his plan to Steve. He was prepared for the worst, to have his plan rejected, but he hoped that would not be the case.
In terms of what all the checkup included, Tony was physically examined and had a bunch of tests done, including one to make sure he was indeed pregnant, which he was, so the rest of the checkup proceeded. He was given prenatal vitamins and a rough estimate for a due date, which September felt like a long time away, but Tony suspected that the time would fly when he got to be with Steve again. The checkup in general was easy to go through and was hardly anxiety inducing. Tony was glad for that, but all he wanted to do was go back home and have a cheeseburger, even though he knew he’d get sick if he ate one.
“God, that’s the dream,” Tony said softly.
Clint pushed himself up and leaned over Steve’s seat, snigging, “Oh my god, you really do smell like…”
When the two had passed the third omega store, Tony sighed. “I think I’m going to have to give in and just go into one of the omega stores. I won’t be finding anything if I don’t.”
“Sometimes, if neither of us are trapped under a deadline or huge issue on a project.”
"We want to go to a clothing store or something similar," Steve said while getting in. "Wanted to get some pajamas to change into when we get back to Tony's place."
Maria suddenly laughed. “Oh, Tony, you’re far from dying, sweetie. Though I have to say I thought Steve would have been more responsible.”
"Captain Rogers," an agent greeted the blond as they walked up. "Colonel Phillips is arriving. You and Agent Carter are to meet him."
“Good lord, you’ve got the poor guy tongue tied,” James said with a sigh.
Tony rolled his eyes. “I don’t plan on it.”
With the party only being a couple hours away, Tony needed to start getting ready. Otherwise he would be keeping his mother and his alpha waiting. There was no need for keeping the two most important people in his life waiting on him to look pretty. It was better to be ready early than to be rushing at the last minute. Tony grabbed his eyeliner palette and started painting on the dark makeup will new skill that he had developed in the past year. When he was satisfied with how it looked, he focused on a bit more makeup, such as blush and a bit of contouring, before he was satisfied with his work. It was only then that he got into his outfit, which was accompanied by a knock on his bedroom door. Groaning, Tony headed to the door and cracked it open to see who it was. Thankfully it was just his mother.
“When this war is over, and we can go on living normal lives, would you marry me, Tony Stark?”
Tony tried really hard not to break down crying again, he really did, but he was in so much emotional pain that he couldn’t help the fresh tears from rolling down his face.
Steve’s eyes went wide. “What? He dumped your pills
The brunet lowered his eyebrows. “Is that really how you see your own son? Just another omega to look pretty for the alphas? Do you know how hard it really is to fight off alphas who want to get under my clothes and do unspeakable things to me? No, because you’re just a beta. You don’t get to know what it’s like to have hormones fly into your face just from having a horny alpha walk by and look you over.”
“I felt safe with him, honestly. I was glad I stayed with him. We were in Italy for a while, and… he had to leave for a few days. I was stuck in the camp surrounded by a bunch of alphas while I went into heat. Peggy was there, though, and she helped keep me safe until Steve got back. We…”
“Perhaps one day you will have them again,” Jarvis said with a comforting hand on the omega’s shoulder.
“Maybe. You’ll have to get to know me more to find out.”
“Pesky emotions and stuff.” Tony shrugged, “Thanks for coming back early to get us.”
That one weak cry made Howard happy and scared. He knew his son was alive, but by the sound of that cry…
“I’m just a simple artist,” Steve said. “I don’t require a lot. Just give me a pencil and some paper and I’m happy.”
“Definitely not. Steve wasn’t the kind of alpha who would risk something so precious. Our son, however...he gets ideas in his head and doesn’t think it all through, sometimes. I wish Steve had known so he could have been that chime of reason in Tony’s head.”
The doctors had told Tony that he had already lost too much weight from vomiting so often, but it wasn’t like he could control that. He knew he needed to bulk up for the baby, and he was having trouble doing so when there were only so many healthy foods that he could tolerate eating. Still, Tony wasn’t going to let himself lose the baby if he had any say in it.
"I think you'll like my work," Steve said while handing over the portfolio. "Feel free to make any comments. I love hearing feedback from people."
“Hey… Dad, Mom?”
"Very single, and I don’t like to share either.”
A medical jeep pulled up to the tent nearby, soldiers barking orders and hurrying to pull the wounded men out. Tony, Steve, and Peggy all looked in silence. Tony leaned into Steve, grabbing hold of his jacket. He’d not seen a man that badly wounded before that close.
Peggy had started running ahead of him, thankfully, but as he ran past a set of barrels, time seemed to slow, and he heard the faint beeping of the explosives on the barrels reaching the end of their countdowns. He quickly took in a sharp breath, and then the world around him exploded in light and heat, the ground falling away from him as he was blown back from the force of the explosion.
“Not at all,” Thor reassured. “I love meeting new friends, especially if an old friend has taken an interest.”
“How did the checkup go?” the butler asked as he took the keys from Maria.
“I’m sure I could come up with some excuse if I want my big strong alpha boyfriend to carry me out of here.” Tony chuckled.
If there was any sort of silver lining for Tony to follow, it was that maybe, just maybe, Steve would be found and he would be alive.
Maria shrugged. “Well, I suppose… Did you get enough sleep?”
"Well, if you get tired or your ankles get too weak, I'll carry you away."
“No!” Tony ripped his arm from Peggy’s grip, grabbing hold of the front of Steve’s jacket. “You can’t go, Steve. I don’t want to be left behind. You promised you wouldn’t leave me behind…”
Bucky seemed to tense up a little, but Steve nudged him in the gut with his elbow. "So separate rooms then?"
“Ah, you’re a simple omega then.” The man nodded. “Well, I can understand that. I myself don’t like to wear all the fancy stuff all the time. Is there anything specific you might be looking for? Something frilly or more revealing than button up shirts and suspenders?”
“Obi, you’re really crossing a line right now.” Tony said, crossing his arms.
Peggy hung up, leaving Tony in silence with Jarvis and Maria’s hands still on his shoulders. When Peggy could no longer hear him, he wailed and sobbed, mourning the loss of his friend that he hadn’t seen since August, and now he wouldn’t ever see Bucky again. The pain of knowing that Bucky was lost forever weighed heavily on the omega, his hormones already a mess from being pregnant.
Phillips eyed Peggy as she approached, taking a sip before speaking to the soldier sitting at a typewriter.
“Over sixty years is what I was told.”
“That’s because your a soldier and I’m not.”
The radio suddenly went to static, and Tony’s heart dropped the last bit it was holding on. A new flood of tears blurred his vision as he waited for the static to clear up, but it never did. He panicked, his breathing coming in short breaths. “Steve?”
When there were only Tony’s and Steve’s presents to each other left, Maria and Jarvis left to begin on lunch, leaving the couple to exchange gifts alone. Steve felt a bit relieved by that, and he felt more confident in giving Tony his gift.
"Hell yes," Fury responded. "Unconditional surrender. Taking down Hydra was a big part of that."
As he suspected, the shower worked wonders to ease away some aches and pains, and of course to wash away any evidence of his heat. Tony stayed in the shower until the water started to run cold, then he got out and dried himself off, sighing happily while knowing he was finally clean and free to go about normal life again. Putting on his warm, clean clothes, Tony left the bathroom, and seeing that Steve was still asleep, he left his bedroom as silently as possible, making sure not to wake the alpha who was no doubt exhausted from going into rut and satisfying his omega in heat.
"There's no need to apologize," Steve said, wrapping his arms around Tony. "What's important is that you're away from bad people, and I'm here now to keep you safe."
“Hydra?” Clint looked at Tony, who just shrugged.
Tony scoffed and brushed past his father. “I’m going to put my uniform on… If I die, tell my mom that I love her, and that I’m sorry for the decision I made rather than staying home where we were safe.”
Hello guys! So first I want to start off by thanking you guys for reading. I'm glad this fic has been received very well! Second, I would like to announce that I will be taking a break from posting for a couple weeks, since these next two weeks are dead week and finals week for me in school, so I thought it best that I focus on that until the semester is over. Thank you guys so much, enjoy some more smutty scenes in this chapter, and I'll have another update for you guys in a couple weeks!
“You would never look good in a dress to be truthful,” the agent said as they finally reached the top of the stairs.
“Fuck…” Steve lifted his head to look down at Tony, growling lightly as he pushed inside of Tony just a little more. “You are just amazing, doll.”
There was no physical way Tony could have formed any words to speak, he squeezed his eyes shut as tight as he could and cried silently. His pain was so great that he was speechless. The loss of his friend broke him. Sure Tony had lost grandparents and other family members over the years, but he had never known them as well as he had known Bucky. Bucky had been his best friend, and Steve’s long before Tony ever came into the picture.
“Something else happened while you were missing,” Tony said in almost a whisper. “I should have told you before the attack on the Hydra headquarters… but I needed to make a point to my dad, and I was stupid for doing so.”
Getting a playful smirk, Tony pulled away and shed his coat, tossing it haphazardly onto the coat rack nearby and grabbing Steve's hand. He pulled his alpha away from prying eyes, into a room where hardly anyone ever went, then into a storage closet that was mostly empty. Once they were inside the closet, Tony locked the door from the inside and pressed up against Steve with a lustful look in his eyes.
“Sure, and I’m just another omega that got claimed by an alpha that doesn’t care. Sure as hell following the stereotype, aren’t I?” Tony huffed and turned to leave, heading towards his father’s lab.
Tony’s hair had gotten significantly longer since the first time he had met Steve, but he maintained it about shoulder length in the back. He often just brushed it back so it wouldn’t be in his face when he worked on designs. In the five years since the end of the war, since Tony lost everything, he had also neglected to keep himself clean shaven all the time. As a male omega, facial hair wasn’t impossible, but it often grew very slow and patchy compared to male betas or alphas. That was roughly what his own facial hair looked like, but he had convinced himself that it looked good on him, and it made him look like he was off the market for any courting. Tony would only allow one alpha into his life, and that was Steve. Now that Steve was gone, he wasn’t interested in anyone else, and he was glad his parents didn’t push for him to start looking again.
“What? A map? Coordinates?” Steve stepped closer to Bucky, looking over the papers that had been recovered.
Maria and Tony only had to make eye contact with each other once Tony was off the plane before they were running and colliding in a tight, tear-filled hug. Neither of them could utter a single word as they hugged, both of them knowing just how tragic the situation had suddenly become. When their crying had settled a little, Maria pulled back, glancing at Howard before speaking low.
“Long story. But they want to give omegas more rights, so they can’t be bad, right?”
However… the heat would happen after the mission, so Steve would be able to stay with Tony and join him in his heat. Steve would just have to be really discreet about it, since Howard still, to their knowledge, didn’t know that their relationship wasn’t purely romantic, but also sexual.
“God, that sounds good.” Tony downed his glass of whiskey, then fell back on his back, closing his eyes and simply breathing. He swore, very faintly, he could smell Steve’s scent.
The blond’s head suddenly shot up, the infantry’s name catching his interest. “The 107th?”
No one had a clue of when disaster would strike. With Tony’s physical and mental health in decline, he had little chance of preventing what was to come.
The blond was quiet, letting the rain fill the silence as he stared back at Tony.
Tony’s eyes widened at that, jerking his head back and looking scared. “H-how did you know?”
“I’ll wear my scarf even,” Tony said, grimacing and rubbing his chest. “God, throwing up took a lot out of me. My chest and back are both sore today.”
“Come on,” Peggy urged. “Tony will want to be with you before you leave.”
Steve looked up to find the course of the voice. "JARVIS is… like HAL 9000? The AI from 2001 A Space Odyssey?"
Steve felt a shiver go down his spine as the omega looked up at him with a smirk that held a lot of power in it. “Exactly how far away is your room from theirs?”
A cool breeze blew through the trees as the Howling Commandos made their way through the woods. The ground was covered in a thin layer of dead leaves that hardly crunched as the group walked over them. Thankfully for them it was also a little foggy, the woods caught between winter and spring, which helped cover the Howling Commandos better than previous missions. As they got closer to the base, they could see more and more vehicles parked in the woods as opposed to next to the gates of the base.
“I’m glad Dad left before Steve’s rut started, because that would have been a mess to deal with if he found out about Steve and I.” Tony sighed as he jumped up onto the island counter in the middle of the kitchen, wrapping his arms around his middle.
“Oh boy…” James groaned and turned to go into the kitchen to grab a beer. “Don’t forget to put my TV back together, Tony!”
Steve shook her hand and smiled. "Thank you for contacting me. I hope I didn't rush you through your lunch."
“I wonder why you might be cramping then.” Maria shrugged and picked up other plates and cups. “It’d be no fun if you got sick on top of not having Steve around. My poor baby…”
"Sounds like you're a good hacker. If you do join us, you'd be a valuable asset."
“Just don’t overdo it…”
Steve groaned at how beautiful his omega looked. He couldn’t express just how badly he wanted to bite down on that perfect skin and leave his mark on Tony. “I love you so much,” he blurted out.
"Of course," Steve said. "Artistry takes time, moving canvas or not."
“I’ve never been serious about an alpha before, and I’m seriously considering you, so,” Tony turned around completely to wrap his arms over Steve’s shoulders and looked into his blue eyes, “Is there anything special you’d like an omega to do for you? Other than sit prettilly on your knot, of course.”
“Even before the serum you wanted to fight?”
“Might have, those are the key words.” Tony smirked as he tapped Steve’s nose.
Steve looked over pages of information, rage running through his veins as he sat there. He was angry, pissed off, enraged beyond belief. Johann Schmidt had taken things too far, and he had to be stopped, or the world would turn slave to the power-hungry man’s desires and plans. A small growl got past Steve’s lips as he read over the information, Tony putting a hand on the alpha’s shoulder.
Tony woke up the next morning to a knock on his door, shivering at the desk provided to him by the owner of the apartment building. His feet were uncovered, as was most of his body. It seemed that he had woken up in the middle of the night and decided that he didn’t need clothes to sleep in anymore.
“Admire away.” Tony grinned, spreading his arms wide to present himself.
“Does this mean we should go shopping some time soon? Your birthday is in a couple months after all.”
“Training is really intense, Tony. You go nonstop for weeks, and your breaks are very short. Are you sure you can handle that?”
“A beta? Really? This cock had been a basic no-knot beta dick?” Tony wiggled on the cock slightly, “...I’ve never had a beta cock in me before...let alone one with a magic alpha upgrade.”
"Sure. Would you like to look at my portfolio to get an idea of what my work is like?" Steve asked.
A brief pause. “You know, I still don’t know how to make cheeseburgers the way you like them.”
“There is, sometimes.” Tony shrugged. “Are you a fan of orchestra?”
“Oh, you know, it’s a constant battle for the respect I am owed as an absolute genius with three doctorates, two masters, and a few just for fun throw-away degrees in various fields, with the people I work with who thinks this is no place for an omega because omegas are supposed to be submissive and small and soft-spoken, not loud and smarter than the alphas, and if they are they aren’t supposed to show it. Alpha pride is so easily bruised—no offence. —They all wish I was an alpha like my dad so they don’t feel bad for being outsmarted by an omega. And I’m sure you expected me to just say it’s great and leave it at that, but I tend to talk too much so this is what you get.” Tony laughed. “Honestly, if I could just drop the whole board meetings and crap like that and just sit in my lab working, that’d be great. But ‘
Tony sighed as he looked at the drawing. The ache in his heart was the most intense he had felt in a long time. He wondered if he and Steve would ever recover from losing Bucky.
Steve groaned into the kiss while he moved his hand faster over Tony’s cock, his knee moving to one side of the omega’s hips, his other knee moving to the other side.
“Yes, but he’s pregnant now! Flying could upset him.”
Steve sighed and looked up at Tony, smiling guiltily. “You’re right… Right now is about us.” He stood up slowly, hooking his thumbs into the waist of Tony’s pants.
“I’m always happy when you’re by my side. When you’re happy, I’m happy.”
“You big softie, of course I will,” the omega practically wailed as he threw his arms around Steve’s neck and cried happy tears.
“But you might also attract a bunch of dogs.” Tony chuckled, “I hear dogs like to play with sticks.”
“I know you don’t want to, but you need to eat.. For you and your baby.”
“I… I can’t… I’m pregnant?”
“Then grow up, act like the 25 year old alpha you are and take responsibility for your actions instead of blaming them on the omega you’ve been dating.” Tony stood up and looked down at Steve, his expression not as hard anymore, but still not happy. “Prove to me you still want this relationship.”
“Okay… We’ll probably go around four, so we have things to make dinner with.” Maria smiled. “And make sure to dress warm, okay? If you’re feeling better, I don’t want you to get worse.”
Tony groaned, feeling a wonderful mess as he lay on the silk sheets, half asleep, and half aware of Steve getting up and the sound of the bath water running. Fuck, this alpha even willingly did proper aftercare…
“No,” Pepper agreed, “but you aren’t great at the self care thing.”
“Congratulations. You’re now an alpha who can make observations.”
“I’m not really interested in just a private session. I’m a little like Steve. If I find something I like, I’m gonna try to obtain it.” Bucky put a finger underneath Clint’s chin and lifted it with a pleased noise.
“Steve, you need to come down here…
"Unless one of our attacks on the Hydra bases happens to line up with your heat, we'll be fine."
“Just relax, Sweetie,” Maria said, sitting on the bed. “You don’t need to do anything right now.”
“It’s time,” Howard said softly, his voice cracking with emotion.
Tony’s eyes lit up and a smile graced his face as he reached for the dial and turned on the radio. The voice of Louis Armstrong filled the car as they drove into the darkening day, rain clouds in the distance. The omega sat back in his seat as he listened to the music, the smile on his face staying as he watched buildings go by.He felt a peace after having freaked out in the theater bathroom. There was no war, it was just him and Steve driving to get some burgers and relax for the rest of the night.
Inside, several soldiers and sailors alike were drinking heavily and singing merrily to take away the pains of war. Some were in the corners tucked away with some omegas or pretty beta girls willing to let the men do what they wanted to them. Except when Tony and Peggy walked in. All the singing slowly died down as all eyes turned towards the two newcomers. Both Peggy and Tony were well aware of their effect on the drunken crowd as they took off their coats and hung them up by the door.
“...Dad?” Tony groaned and tried to shift around more, though he was too weak to do so. “Dad… my chest… I can’t…”
“It seems you have me at a disadvantage, as Tony has spoken about me to you, but has not in turn spoken about you to me.” Obadiah said, returning the hand shake.
“Pretty sure he’s not starving. Pepper commissioned him for the mural in the main lobby of the tower. That’s how we first met, and I’ll have you know, I made the first move.” Tony huffed.
Tony finally fell unconscious after a losing battle, and his life was suddenly in the hands of anyone who might have been lucky to pass by and notice just his arm peeking out from behind the screen set up in the corner of the locker room.
Tony leaned up against Steve, clasping his hands and batting his eyes, “But I’m just a little omega, what do I know?” he mocked in a way that made it clear he complained about this pretty often, probably to his closest friends.
“You deserved it.”
Steve smiled and pulled back slightly, lifting Tony’s head. “Let’s get back to the hotel. You can take a shower and eat and rest. If your burgers aren’t soggy. Your stupid alpha would like to make up for the mistake he made today.”
Steve nodded. “Sometimes, yeah. I find myself actually liking music from the 40’s and 50’s more than most modern stuff.”
“I can spell.”
“Rhodey! Good to see you again, friend!” Thor said excitedly as James, or Rhodey as everyone was calling him, let him in.
“He’s going to get himself hurt one of these days,” Peggy said with an exhausted tone.
“Ah, sadly it is usually the omegas of the world who see more of the jerks. I pity the jerks who can not know what it means to earn an omega’s affections. They’re truly missing out on such beauty.” Thor said
“Not any time soon, unless he takes a bad turn. Give him a couple days to wake up, then we’ll go from there.”
Heavy and quick footsteps came rushing down the hall towards Tony’s bedroom as his pain only seemed to get worse by the second. He could already tell his lower half was coated in his own blood, and that made his stomach churn, because he could smell it too. As soon as the door opened and light from the hallway made the room brighter, Tony let out a scared whine and tried to reach out for whoever it was that had entered his room.
"Just don't be gone for three days this time." Tony smirked as Steve chuckled at his comment.
, for christ’s sake!” Howard started pacing as he lectured his son. “You’re not a soldier, so you need to stop playing like one right now, or you will die. Hydra will not hesitate to kill you just because you’re an omega.”
“And you say I’m the only one who overshares!” Tony laughed out loud, nudging his friend.
Lost in his thoughts, Tony was brought back to reality when Steve groaned and shoved his dick in as far as it could go, the knot inflating and causing the omega to inhale sharply and whimper, feeling Steve’s seed shoot deep inside him. Tony relaxed finally, his legs buckling beneath him. Despite how tired he was, he still loved feeling Steve's cum so deep in him outside of heat that he felt like he might get pregnant.
However, in the recent days, Steve had gotten much closer to Tony, and being the supportive guy that he was, Steve of course wanted to be by Tony's side, being his bodyguard and his support to lean on when things got rough.
“Oh, and what does he bring to the table? Assuming he isn’t just another gold digger looking to take advantage of a lonely, rich omega?”
“How are you feeling?” Howard asked in a soft tone that he rarely used.
“Yes, you should,” Tony interjected, snuggling up close to the blond.
“I appreciate it, Buck,” Tony said. “I need to pack up my things anyways, since I’m going back home soon.”
“We are all here.” Bruce nodded.
“Don’t worry about her. I didn’t like how she didn’t respect that I was in a relationship already.”
“No, please don’t. Something might catch fire—again.”
“We still have use for the both of you,” Fury’s voice came from behind the two. “Sorry to interrupt, I know I said we’d leave you alone, but we have some files and information on your parents that you might like to see, Mr. Stark.”
Maria and Tony stared at each other for a long time, reading each other’s expressions and trying to convince the other of what to do. Eventually, the mother sighed and pulled her son into a hug. “You’re right. Steve needs you… Go to him, and please be safe.”
“Good.” Tony moved to press a kiss to the corner of Steve’s lips, lingering there a moment before smiling, “Even after washing your face, it still smells like my slick…”
“Why don’t you just go to London? It’s what you wanted to do, right?”
“Sorry, food rations don’t do much to help that.” Steve knelt down and pushed Tony’s hands away, taking it upon himself to get the omega to his own orgasm. It wasn’t much longer before Tony was breathing hard and leaning heavily against his alpha, moaning and letting out other little noises until he cried out and came in Steve’s hand.
“I can definitely make you that way,” Steve said with a spark in his eyes. “I’ll make you come so hard you’ll see stars.”
“As well as I’m going to be for the moment.” Tony smiled at the butler. “Thanks for breakfast. Glad I get to eat a real meal for once.”
Tony sighed. “I was excited to see you. I had new designs for your suit to show you, we were going to get you a new shield, then we had a date planned,  plus whatever else would follow afterwards. I let my mind wander when Dad and I got to the base. Then I saw you with her… and all that happiness left me in a mere second… It hurt…”
Steve was thrusting into Tony in a matter of seconds, his movements not as intense as they might be if they had been more awake. The alpha took it slow and gentle, simply enjoying the closeness he had with his omega in the morning hours of that beautiful Christmas day. There was no rush getting out of bed, so it was better to just stay in and enjoy it.
Tony shook his head. “No blood, but back and chest pain… been dizzy and really hungry but I can’t eat much.” He covered his mouth quickly and whined as he rushed off to the bathroom again.
“You know you could get killed while taking down a Hydra base,” Steve said in a warning tone after some time.
Steve gently set Tony back down on the ground before he cupped his sweet omega’s face and kissed him. It felt so good, to kiss once more and not be afraid to lose each other to a war. Tony couldn’t help but keep crying, leaning heavily on Steve, as he was still rather weak from waking up.
“Yes, if only you’d listen to me more often when I warn you a guy’s a jerk.”
“Broken rib and a concussion. It’s been a hell of a day for me.”
When Tony was alone once more, he grabbed the picture of him and Steve in the cracked frame and curled up on his bed, allowing himself to let out the body-shaking sobs that he had been holding back since he left Steve behind in London. It was going to be a long night without Steve being in the same city Tony was.
“Not with your big alpha to protect us,” Peggy said with a smirk. That woman put Tony on edge sometimes.
When they arrived back home, Tony took time to walk around the manor and take in his home one last time. The elegance of the whole manor was a lot to take in, but Tony knew every inch of it by heart. The carved railings on the grand staircase, the lovely piano in the parlor, the way the kitchen was always illuminated by natural light, it all held fond memories for the omega, and by the time he ended his walk in the parlor, he was nearly sobbing.
Peggy was already out the door, waiting for Howard when the slightest stirring from Tony’s bed made the bed springs squeak. Both betas stared at the bed for a few seconds, then Howard was rushing back to the bed, wide awake and hopeful.
The alpha smiled and nodded, leading Tony a bit further away to the section of pajamas for alphas. "You know my size, wanna pick out some for me? So they're soft for you as well."
“You’re impossible, Peggy.” Tony sighed as he finally went up the stairs himself, almost running up them as quickly as he could. “You better not have some frilly dress to put me in.”
Tony’s thoughts were interrupted when Peggy returned, Steve’s bags in hand. The brunet could smell his alpha’s scent as soon as she returned, and he let out a moan, which he stifled by covering his mouth. Way to go, he thought to himself, you just embarrassed yourself in front of your friend.
Steve seemed to puff up, taking in the praise he got from the other soldiers, but he didn’t pay mind to it for long. He looked back down at Tony and wrapped his arms around him before pulling him into a deep and longing kiss. Clearly he had been wanting to kiss Tony again for a long few days. “I missed you so much,” he said after pulling back.
“We’ll keep watch over Tony here for a while, just so he strengthens up and can walk on his own again, then we’ll send you all back home,” the doctor said before leaving the family once more.
“Of course I will. I won’t leave you alone to deal with this, you know that.”
“It’s a way I can serve the country like I wanted to,” Steve explained. “I can do my part here while they go over to London.”
“Well, that’s one. I’ll give you the rest later.”
Howard’s and the doctor’s words echoed in his mind as another wave of extreme pain rolled through his abdomen agonizingly slow. Words that he was supposed to listen to but didn’t. He should have listened, heeded the warnings he was given, but the time to listen had long since passed. Now Tony was experiencing something he hoped he could have avoided.
“No, Tony needs to stop here. He’s not fit to fight.”
As the edge of the cliff came far too close, Tony squeezed his eyes shut and glued himself to Peggy, tears forming in the corners of his eyes until finally, the car stopped with the back tires hanging off the end of the runway. Tony let out a short whine as he opened his eyes again and quickly looked back at the plane flying away.
Tony’s eyes snapped open. “Videos of my dad? Was Mom in any of them?”
Steve let out a quick sigh of relief. "Sorry, I don't think I've ever had an omega be so forward with me like that before."
“My back hurts, and I feel like I have cramps that are constantly stabbing me.”
As he worked on his sketches, Tony sighed and groaned, straightening his back and raising his hands high above his head to stretch himself out. He didn’t think he had been hunched over his drawings for that long, but it was probably time for a break anyways. Besides, it was finally Christmas Eve, and Tony had to get ready for the party that would be hosted later that night. He had gone and bought a new outfit to wear specifically for the party, and Steve had yet to see him in it.
“I’m glad you like it,” the alpha said, nuzzling Tony’s neck with a happy sigh.
“Well, I wouldn’t count on going anywhere tomorrow, especially if it keeps snowing,” Peggy spoke up, glancing out the front windows of the bar. “It’s picked up quite a bit.”
“Your hair is messy and you’ve got bags under your eyes the size of Mom’s purse.”
“Do you have an appointment?” the receptionist asked, not bothering to look up from the computer screen as he typed away. “Or are you here for the prosthetic conference?”
“Need any help with that?” Bucky asked, willing to do all he could to help out his omega friend. “I can help move stuff, and you can just worry about preparing for your heat.”
Tony was kept in the medical tent and given some blankets and pillows to curl up with. His tent was set up just behind the medical tent, away from any prying alpha eyes and safe until Steve returned. Thankfully he at least had something that smelled like the blond, which helped him stay calm in the medical tent. A small part of him felt guilty for having to put the nurses though the trouble of putting up a tent specifically for him, but he would have a place to stay until his heat was over, plus a place for Steve to stay if he returned before Tony’s heat was over. Tony doubted he would be back, however. A part of him told him that he’d never see Steve again, which made him worry and his stomach hurt even more. God, he hoped Steve would return very soon. He didn’t think he’d be able to survive going through the whole heat without the alpha, since at that point in their relationship, Tony so strongly thought of Steve as
like to sit on.” Clint whispered to Tony.
But there was still one spark of hope left; the baby growing inside him was still healthy despite the warning the doctors gave Tony about stress, both physical and mental. The baby was the last thing Tony truly felt he had that still had the spark of Steve’s spirit in it. His baby, whom he had called Little Bitsy on the plane, gave him some sense of a will to live. Little Bitsy was what kept Tony going, what kept him from ripping out the arc reactor in his chest and letting himself die while laying on his bedroom floor with a suicide note in hand.
The doctor returned soon after with results from the tests, and they were grim, as was expected. “I’m sorry to say, but Tony has miscarried… The baby has been lost.”
“We had some trouble finding him, and he’s got some medical issues going on right now, but…”
for thinking I had found an alpha that might take my interest. Glad to find out I was wrong.” Tony huffed and looked out the window again. The rain clouds were darker now and looked more like storm clouds.
"I'm sorry to interrupt," Peggy's voice called from just outside the room. "But I've just contacted Howard Stark. He's meeting us at the landing strip soon. All three of us."
Steve smiled and lifted the brunet’s head up with his finger, rubbing a thumb across the smooth skin on his chin. “Tomorrow night, I’ll see if I can get your dad to let me have you for the night.”
“Submissive is nice in the bed, but I do like an omega that takes control as well. If they’re moaning my name by the end, they can do whatever they want as far as I’m concerned.”
When Howard came back, all the other doctors had left, leaving the two betas to wait a little longer for Tony to be cleared for visitation. Thankfully, they didn’t wait much longer, and soon the two were pulling up chairs to the bed Tony lay in.
Rain was falling at a steady pace outside, the storm clouds rolling in fast the longer they sat in the restaurant. Steve got up and paid for their food before returning to the booth and grabbing the food Tony did not eat. “Are you ready to go?”
“Okay, that’s not really something to be worried about. What’s got you worked up?”
“Oh my god, I’m not actually going to stay here,” the brunet said with a laugh. “I’m gonna go back with you, if I have any say in the matter.”
Jarvis took away the new clothes to wash them and make sure they were ready to be hung up in Tony’s closet in the morning. It was well into the night when Tony found himself sitting outside with the butler, sipping on glasses of whiskey while looking up at the stars in the slightly chilly night.
Tony smiled, thinking of how Steve might react to holding the baby. Maybe he would cry. The omega thought that might be nice to see his alpha’s softer side, reduced to an emotional mess merely at the sight of his own baby. Damn, Tony was going to cry that day as well. He might’ve started crying if he had more time to think of that day, but his thoughts were interrupted by the car parking and Jarvis waiting to take the car into their garage.
“Yeah, there is…”
“I could say the same,” Tony said, eyes roaming over the body of his alpha.
“Well, I do have a lot of good looking robots.” Tony grinned.
“We’re already putting together the best men.”
Howard’s vision instantly blurred as he smiled and looked down at his son. “Tony…” It took all  his willpower not to just smother his son suddenly in a hug.
The woman blinked. “I’m afraid I don’t understand…”
The omega grabbed the pallet Peggy had pointed to and slowly painted on the black eyeliner, giving himself wings as an added flare. He admired his work before adding some to his bottom eyelids, then closed the cake pallet and set it back down. Maybe he needed to do a bit of contouring too, but he was happy with just the eyeliner.
“So what do we do now?” Tony asked when he had calmed down more. “The war’s over. The world doesn’t need Captain America and the Howling Commandos anymore, so what’s a couple of war veterans out of time got to do in a time period in the future?”
Steve crooned happily at being called alpha, holding Tony closer while they waited for his knot to release. About an hour passed before finally he was able to slip out of the omega and peel off the condom, tossing it in the trash before grabbing a towel and some water. He was aware of Tony watching him as he dumped the water on the towel, then moved back over to the cot and spread the omega’s legs to clean him up.
“Don’t go,” Tony said weakly, clearly his heat taking over his mind and begging the alpha to stay.
Once Steve was buckled in, the strange man signalled the driver to go. "Name's Nick Fury," the man said. "Director of SHIELD, but you might remember it as the Strategic Scientific Reserve."
Tony managed a light chuckle at his parents’ reactions. “Mom, Dad, I’m not thinking of suicide right now, I promise. I don’t really feel like I want to die anymore. But I’m still bonded to Steve… maybe not completely, but enough to make me physically sick sometimes. The doctor did confirm I have mate sickness.”
Nevertheless, he was sure that Steve would pick up on how pleased he was based on the uncontrollable purring he was letting out at the sensation of being trapped naked on a soft silk-covered bed by an alpha the size of a fucking truck.
Entering the room, Maria made a beeline for the bathroom Tony had in his room, sighing when she saw him hunched over the toilet. She waited until he had a break from heaving, then she knocked on the door frame, getting on her knees next to her son.
“You are in
“Nice one,” Steve said as he and Tony ran up the barrel and towards the hatch.
“Tony, are these clothes yours?” Maria picked up the clothes Tony had worn to the bar the night he and Steve danced after sneaking away from the base.
“Yeah, yeah. Always need the rest.” Tony smiled at Peggy. “Take the day off, get a cup of coffee, enjoy your free time, Agent.”
Steve smiled as he led Tony to his room, planning on spending the rest of the morning with the omega he felt would soon be his.
“Tony, take it easy, stress isn’t healthy for you,” the doctor said, trying his best to comfort the distressed omega. “We’ll take care of everything, okay? All the tests and checkups will go as smoothly as possible, and we’ll get you some vitamins to help stabilize your hormones and strengthen you up a bit more.”
Steve shrugged. "Bond sales take a ten percent bump in every state I visit."
“I will make you better ones eventually!” Tony vowed, “I’m sure Steve will make sure I’ll have access to tools and supplies!”
“Yes, I heard him, and you’ll do just fine without him until he gets back. You know I’m here for you, and so is Jarvis. We’ll both take care of you, Tony.”
Asleep for 60 years? Sure that wasn’t right. But then again, nothing looked familiar. New York wasn’t New York any more. If the man was correct, then…
Tony grinned and snuggled into the alpha, “What do you want to watch? I have access to practically everything.”
“Who are you?!” Steve demanded, his voice threaded with his alpha tone.
“Well, it’s a work in progress. Some members of the board just don’t want to let go of how things ran before I started making changes, and they fight me at every turn. It’s exhausting.”
"Free food I'm down for any time." Steve chuckled. "I'll head over as soon as I have everything packed up."
Tony looked up, tears glittering in his eyes, though they didn’t fall. “Dad took my pills. He dumped them down the drain, and he’s sending me back home after my heat is over.”
Definitely a keeper.
“I did, but…” Tony sighed. “Maybe this conversation would be better off starting at the beginning of the story.”
“It’s done,” he said as he locked the reactor into place on the chest piece of his suit. With it being completed, Tony put on his suit, showing off how it looked to everyone in the lab with him. His suit consisted of the dark red chest piece with the glowing reactor, straps that went over his shoulders to hold ammunition, a utility belt that went over the bottom of the tunic that fit under the chest piece, cargo pants with some armor on the outside of them around the thighs, and boots that were about knee high that were plated with armor, pieces stripped from the old shields that Steve hadn’t chosen. The very last piece of the suit was a mask that covered his nose and mouth, painted in similar light and dark red stripes as what were painted on the chest piece.
Peggy moved closer, helping Tony stand up. “Easy, Tony, let’s get you some place to lay down.”
“I love you guys too,” the omega responded. “I hope… that Steve is found alive soon, and we can all be together again…”
Tony groaned, dropping his head into Steve’s chest, “Go away, Justin.”
Tony smiled wider and threw himself at the alpha, hugging him tight. “You have no idea how happy that makes me, Steve… Thank you.”
Their eyes locking, Steve lowered his face and kissed Tony once more. His hands were braced on either side of the cot, his back muscles flexing as he held himself up. Then he moved to Tony's jaw and chin, leaving little kisses and a few little bites that made the omega moan. He moved on to the neck, finding the scent gland there and nuzzling it. He rubbed his own scent onto Tony’s, mixing their scents into a pleasant sweet smell that had a kick of spice to it.
When the door closed, Tony let out a huge whine, shifting awkwardly as his gut twisted up. Damn his omegan body.
“It’d be a miracle if he gets a break from active duty. Sure he’s got his own missions and items to take care of, but we are still in the middle of a war. Active duty terms change during war.”
"Yes, you did." Steve offered his hand to the older man, putting on a fake smile. "Nice to meet you, Sir."
“Not to mention when I dated him he wouldn’t let me dance with others, so why should I dance with him when I’m dating someone else?”
Grumbling, Tony helped clean the lab, his anger still high as he did so. How could Steve be so stupid? He guessed that even becoming an alpha even if you weren't born one made you become a stupid alpha anyways. What a waste of time. Tony had given so much to Steve that meant a lot, and all that was thrown away after Steve decided he needed something sweet the day after telling Tony they would go on a date.
“I love you so much more than building that machine.”
Steve made a sigh that sounded slightly annoyed. "I can't believe 70 years have gone by and omega rights haven't changed. It's not like omegas are harming anybody if they have more freedom."
Steve's intense blue eyes looked up from Tony's ass, and he lifted his head with a smile. "Good morning, doll."
A few seconds passed before Tony showed his face again, eyes watery. “It’s been… almost a month…”
“So some time tomorrow, then.” Steve sighed, pulling Tony in for a hug. “I’m sorry, I should have been there with you when you confronted your dad.”
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Tony practically screeched. “Do you not see this thing on my chest?
The mall was fairly busy when Maria and Tony got there. There were enough people that Tony thought he and his mother could fade into the background and not be bombarded by admirers of Howard’s work. The Starks could just be normal people, and that was all Tony wanted that day.
“Really? You both are okay with this?” Tony looked back and forth between his parents.
“I think that would be wonderful. I blame my grandparents for my taste in that music. They listened to it all the time when I was around them, so I ended up liking it.”
Settled on a plan, the Howling commandos dispersed for lunch, eating their rations whilst talking amongst themselves always being on guard in case a surprise attack happened to sneak up on them. Tony of course stuck by Steve’s side, going around with him and making sure that everyone was happy and ready to fight later that day. After doing rounds, Tony and Steve settled down to eat their own lunch, which Tony had wished he had made sandwiches for everyone rather than eating the rations. Still, this was part of army life, and if he was to be a soldier like the Howling Commandos, he had to eat like one, no matter how tasteless the rations were.
Tony was silent, trying harder to get his bag back, but Howard yanked it away and quickly searched through before Tony had a chance to fight back again.
Steve crooned happily. "Sounds like a good plan to me."
“It’s a good way to save money after a move.” She agreed, “But after this project I doubt you’ll be hurting for the money.” she opened a door and gestured him inside.
“You’ve been asleep, Cap. For over 60 years.”
“Good morning,” the woman greeted. “Or should I say afternoon?”
Jarvis nodded and picked up Tony’s bags, carrying them to the car he had driven to the airport. Once they were packed up, the two climbed into the car and drove off, mostly in silence. Truth be told, Tony missed the snowfall of London. Now he dealt with the rain of southern California, which only seemed gloomy, as opposed to the mystical snow he had seen only hours previous. Tony used to like the rain, but after leaving Steve back in London, among other events that occurred, he no longer found joy in the rain.
After waiting for Steve’s knot to deflate, the two cleaned up together and dressed in soft pajamas so they looked decent enough to join Maria and Jarvis in the parlor for unwrapping presents and eating a nice breakfast. They came down the stairs together with arms locked and smiles wide as they smelled the amazing cooking of Maria and Jarvis. Tony pulled away from Steve to greet his mother with a kiss on the cheek and a hug. He could already tell it wouldn’t be long before breakfast would be ready, and he sat on the island while he waited, Steve coming up beside him and waiting with him.
“Pack your panties, we’re blowing this joint.” Tony grinned, sitting back and straddling Clint’s lap.
Thankfully, Steve wasn’t busy with anything other than talking to Bucky. Clutching his side where his rib was hurting once more, Tony marched right up to him and buried his face in his alpha’s chest. All conversation between Steve and Bucky ceased when Tony had come up, and it gave them an idea just how well the conversation between father and son had gone.
Maria wrapped her arms around her son’s arm while Howard grabbed the vile with a needle attached at the end. The mother’s head rested on Tony’s shoulder, eyes closed as she loved on her son as much as she possibly could. Soon the needle went into Tony’s skin, and the process began to keep him alive in suspended animation. One last hug was shared between the three.
“How much time do we got?” one of the Howling Commandos asked.
Tony looked back at Steve. “Y-yeah, of course! God, this is… this is amazing. There’s so many famous people here, I… I feel like I should be working in the back washing dishes for these people.”
The alpha took a shaking breath in, letting it out slowly. “You and Peggy hang out too much, I think. You sounded just like her.”
About four days before they would be heading to Czechoslovakia, Steve made his approval known for Tony to become a Howling commando. That gave Tony the green light to work on his own suit late at night when Howard wasn’t in the lab. Tony’s suit somewhat resembled all the other outfits of the Howling Commandos, donning the wings on the shoulders that associated them with Captain America. Tony’s suit had more dark red in it, not ideal if he should get injured, but it looked badass. On the chest was a little reactor that Tony had created, using his father’s blueprints as guides. It wasn’t perfect, but it provided power that would keep Tony safe and would allow him to keep up with the others if he ever fell behind.
lost our baby, the one thing that was all I had left of you after you disappeared!”
“No,” Tony mumbled. “But I haven’t eaten much to make my stomach upset.”
Steve's smile disappeared quickly. "You'll most likely be killed. It would be a shame, seeing as you're probably the most attractive omega I've had the pleasure of having a session with."
“Thanks for saving me at all. I… I thought I was done for, honestly. Especially when that guy tossed me into the water and I hit my head.” Tony shifted his head to the side a little. “How long was I out for?”
“Hu...maybe I’ll try that next time…”
Tony lead Steve over to where his two closest friends were, pausing along the way only to take two flutes of champagne from a waiter’s tray, handing one to Steve and sipping his own.
“Good omega.” Tony purred, continuing to pack his personal items from around the dorm room while slowly getting dressed as he found items he wanted to wear.
“We don’t know that until we try it out.” Not waiting for an answer, Tony rushed out from behind the trees and tore away the cloth that covered the reactor. Holding his gun in one hand, he sprinted forward, twisting the casing of the reactor so the shielding mechanism would turn on. Once he turned it, he started shooting at the Hydra agents, taking cover behind trees as he slowly made his way back to the gates of the base.
Tony swallowed. “I want to go with you to Czechoslovakia.”
If Tony could have blushed any harder, he would have. “Yeah, I guess those would be the next steps in our relationship…”
leave a lingering scent of omega out where anyone could smell it on him. To Tony, that meant that Steve not only wanted to scent the omega in a natural attempt to stake his claim, but also
“Don’t be sorry, Tony,” Steve said, his tone softer than before. “I know you don’t like being kept at the base here in London. But… I mean, you’ll need training in firearms and battle tactics. It’s a lot to go over in just over a month. Plus you need to make your suit too.”
Tony took a bit to respond, panting to catch his breath and groaning every couple seconds in pain. “Let him make his comments. They won’t matter when I make my own inventions and surpass him in a few years. I’ll be the most talked about then.”
“Of course, sir.” the AI said as the TV flickered on automatically.
“Hopefully.” Tony nodded, “Or we get the chance to bow out early and go back to one of our places—preferably mine as I have a working elevator.”
Steve smiled and looked back at Miss Potts. "The payment looks very good to me," he said while signing the NDA. "I look forward to learning more about the company."
"Looks like it might rain."
“You’re only a little late, actually.” Miss Potts said with amusement.
“Oh please don’t apologize for this, Tony,” Maria said, petting her son’s hair in a loving way only a mother could pull off. “You don’t need to apologize for leaving with Mr. Rogers.”
“And the money, status, and company are all just cherries on top, I’m sure.”
The alpha chuckled, taking off his helmet. “So, you want to move in with someone. Let me guess, Peggy.”
Somewhere deep in the pit of Steve’s being, he hurt for Tony, hearing those last words from Howard. No parent should ever be so cruel to speak those words, but Howard was either fed up with the rebellion against him or the war was getting to him. Either way, there was no excuse. Howards words had been spoken, and Steve was thankful Tony hadn’t been around to hear them. They would have hurt the omega too much to actually fight like he wanted to.
Shaking his head, Tony sighed. “I wish I knew when I would be seeing Steve again. Maybe Dad will let me come back to London on his next leave. Which will be in… August, I think. God, that’s such a long time to wait.”
“Smell his face if you don’t believe me; he was down there. And now he’s taking us both away with him.”
Howard nodded. "Dang it, Tony… wish he would have told someone before we attacked that base."
The older Stark went back to the front of the plane with a quick pace, clearly not wanting to see his son or even talk to him. The mission was more important to him in that moment than his son who was suffering from a heat and was watching his alpha leave him while in heat.
The two looked at each other with smiles and soft eyes before kissing gently, and then suddenly Tony pulled away and grabbed his present to Steve. “I knew what I wanted to give you before we started talking more seriously about getting married and at that stuff… But, I don’t know, maybe this will mean something more now.”
Tony flushed. “He’s told me he likes my longer hair…I’m starting to like it, too.”
“Fuck!” No sooner than the alpha had spoken, the omega’s body shivered and he clenched even tighter around Steve’s knot, a fresh rush of slick trapped inside save the small dribble that had managed to escape and was slowly running down along the curve of his ass.
“You can’t prove or disprove my supposed involvement in the disappearance of that thing.” Tony said.
“I won’t let you die here,” Peggy screamed, but Tony shook his head violently.
Howard grumbled as he walked away, heading to the cockpit of the plane to start take off procedures.
Eventually Steve was worked up to a quick pace, thrusting about as deep as he could without hurting Tony, though the omega did mention wanting to not be able to walk away from their encounter. Steve ducked his head down into Tony’s neck and made up his mind to give the omega what he truly wanted, pushing deeper and moving faster as be absolutely shattered the omega’s ability to think straight.
It didn’t look hopeful. Howard skidded into the locker room while breathing heavily, just in time to see Tony’s hand fall against the floor and watch his son go alarmingly still.
Tony flushed and fidgeted with his hands under the table. “We shared our first heat together then.”
“How about we go dance, instead?”
Pregnant.
A couple minutes later the nurse came in and asked what Tony needed, which he told her and said why he wanted the bandages off. The nurse nodded once Peggy agreed with Tony, and she left to grab a couple other nurses to help. Once they were in the room, Peggy stepped out and let the nurses do their jobs. They carefully helped Tony sit up and keep his arms elevated as they unwrapped his ribs. Soon the compression bandages were gone, and the ice was replaced and put back over the broken rib. Tony was laid back against the bed once more, and he let out a sigh, glad to have that little amount of pain gone.
The hospital was bustling with people, both patients and medical staff. Several beds were filled up with injured soldiers, and Howard worried there wouldn’t be room for his own little soldier. He was reassured that there was an empty room ready to take Tony, however, and that eased his worry if only slightly. With Peggy, he waited until the doctors had Tony medicated, to take away the pain and swelling, and monitored closely for any signs of heart failure. It took a while, but finally Howard and Peggy saw the doctors approach, and none of them looked grim at least.
In September of that year, 1945, the official end to the war came, and there was a celebration across the world. There was no more fighting to be had, the world taking a breather to rebuild homes, cities, and families. Life went on in a happier tone, but Tony was still left with his memories of pain and loss from the war, and those memories kept him at home most days, up in his room drawing away at new designs that never really got finalized before they were tossed to the side, meaningless without a use for them. Tony felt similarly about his day-to-day life. Without Steve around and no baby to take care of, he felt he was simply just a mass of atoms that required so many things to keep on living.
“Excellent choice. I fancy myself a good bacon cheeseburger every once in a while myself.”
Maria nodded. “You finish eating then, and I’ll go get you some medicine.” She stood up, setting down the magazine she had been looking at, then ruffled Tony’s hair as she walked past him.
“You miss him a lot,” the butler stated after taking a sip of his drink.
“Well if this one is as sweet as you say,” Thor said, “then I should think there would be no problem with jerks anymore.”
“Nope, not that time.” Tony said, “I took the battery out of the annoying thing. It’d go off when I was soldering next to an open window! Something I had to do a lot back then.”
Walking inside, there were hardly any customers shopping, mainly employees were walking around, going about their jobs with rather bored expressions. At least where Tony and Steve had walked in, the clothing department was close by, so it didn't take long for Steve to direct the omega towards the pajamas area of the omegas' section.
“I’m going with you, Steve. I won’t let you leave me behind!”
"I'd prefer you come with me. Your friend is welcome too, of course."
Looking down, Tony noticed a familiar glow emanating from his chest, and the source of that glow hurt. He couldn’t identify why it hurt until he focused and thought. The arc reactor. It was
“Thank you, Captain Obvious, I knew that.” Tony chuckled.
“Tony is very lucky to have you as his father, then.”
Returning back to the manor finally made Tony sigh in relief. He was ready to get back into his room and cover himself in his own scent again, and he felt the slightest urge to start building up a nest. Tony had no idea what was going to happen when it came time for him to birth his baby, but whatever happened, he hoped Steve would be there to comfort him and to see their baby for the first time.
"I won't prevent Tony from dancing with who he likes, Steve said. "But his exes might not be getting the chance they were hoping for…."
“Weren’t you about to do something, Captain?”
There was silence as the two gazed into each other’s eyes, a loving smile on the alpha’s lips as he pulled Tony into a tight hug. They stayed embraced for several minutes, Steve comforting Tony with soothing purrs and light kisses to the neck.
Finishing up in the bathroom, Tony groaned. Looking at himself in the mirror, he shook his head. “Why aren’t you fucking getting better,” he muttered. “Are you trying to kill me, body?”
“Why do you need a soldering iron to plug in the Nintendo system?”
Tony had been innocently heading down the stairs for dinner, looking forward to eating with his mother and Jarvis again. He was going to tell them about the new arc reactor designs he had been working on, and a whiff of what was cooking floated up the stairs. At first he had enjoyed the smell, then his stomach churned very suddenly and his vision got spotty. He gagged a little before he hurried back up the stairs, barely making it to the hallway bathroom before he suddenly threw up.
"How long have you been awake when I got to you?" Steve asked after a long moment of silence.
“Hello again, Tony,” Peggy greeted with a smile. “It seems that Steve just got a job offer of sorts.”
Tony swung past the crowd of alphas, choosing a few he deemed as ‘safer’ to pause at for a short, teasing lapdance that lasted only until the alpha got too handsy, then he’d move on to the next. Eventually, he moved in front of Steve and glanced at him, but made no hint of stopping.
“I wasn’t about to leave Tony back in the US, Mr. Stark,” Steve countered. “His safety is my concern when he didn’t want to leave my side.”
“Oh yeah? Know the old dances to the old songs, too?”
“Baby?”
“Mr. Stark,” Steve replied, smiling back. “Are you ready to go?”
Tony nodded and hooked his arm around the one that his alpha offered, leaving the apartment while briefly saying goodbye to Howard. When the door closed behind him, he popped up on his toes and kissed Steve’s cheek. “I’m glad we finally got to go on this date.”
“Won’t be the same without him,” Tony said when they finally pulled away from each other, tears threatening to form in the corners of his eyes.
When Steve took too long to make any other movement, Tony whined and shoved his hips backwards. That seemed to snap the alpha out of the moment of bliss, and soon he was pulling his hips back just enough so that his cock pulled out to the tip, then he pushed it back inside, repeating the motion in a steady pace that made Tony let out several moans.
Sighing and sitting back from his plate, Tony looked over at his mother. “Sorry, I just didn’t eat much during my heat…”
“You feel ready for the next step now?”
"I'm going to go before this gets too far," Fury interjected after clearing his throat. "When you're ready to leave for Malibu, go down to the lobby and let the receptionist know you're ready."
“Hold back what? You planning on giving me a blowjob at the restaurant?”
Steve’s eyes lit up when Tony mentioned he was finding the urge to nest again. “Just so you know, I’m not letting the army take me away until after our rut and heat is over.”
When the party was finally over, Tony retreated back to his room as soon as he could get away. He didn’t want to say goodbye to all the old, rich alphas and their omegas. Something about seeing those omegas being forced to obey their mates made Tony feel sick to his stomach. It made him hope for better omegan rights in his lifetime, if he was lucky.
“Hey, your eyes are glazed over.”
I would also like to give a big thanks to my beta reader, writing partner, and one of the best friends I've ever had. Thanks to TiBun for writing the Howard and Maria scene with me.
“You won’t have to worry about anything. Just smile and let me hang off your impressive arm for a few hours. I’ll even make sure you have something to wear that doesn’t have paint splatters on it.” Tony teased, eyeing a mess of dried paint that had found its way onto the shoulder of Steve’s shirt.
“Yeah,” Steve said sadly. “Yeah, I just… I had a date.”
A little growl built up in the back of Tony’s throat, which surprised him as much as it surprised his father. “I know, but I don’t care. I’m doing something that helps in the war instead of me sitting on my ass all day and just waiting for my alpha or my dad to come home to take care of me. I don’t want to live like an omega!”
Tony cried out, almost as if he had a second orgasm when Steve’s knot caught and then finally locked in place, trapping the mix of slick and cum inside him and making him feel ready to burst from the fullness of it all. He loved that feeling, and he wondered just how full he’d be if Steve was in rut. Would his belly expand from it?
At some point Steve moved a hand to the back of Tony’s head, pushing him to go further and faster while his intense blue eyes locked onto his omega. One of Tony’s hands was pushing against Steve’s hip, the other reaching down to touch himself, because there was no way in hell he was getting out of that closet without also getting to come. The more he touched himself, the more slick he produced, and he was happy he had decided to discard his pants all together That would have been a mess that would have taken longer to clean up, and Tony didn’t want to be out of his father’s suspicious gaze for more than was considered not suspicious.
“I know so.” The mother pulled Tony in for a hug. “People should start showing up soon. Fix up your hair and come down when you’re ready.”
“Good to see you too, Thor,” Rhodey greeted. “Bruce is on the couch.”
Tony watched almost sadly as Steve got back into the taxi and waved at him as the car left. There was a sort of ache in his heart. Tony knew what it was. By all technical terms, Steve was Tony’s alpha, and when a bonded alpha and omega pair were separated, there would always be a pang of loneliness. Steve nor Tony had marked each other, but they had spent a heat together, and that by modern standards meant they were bonded. Tony and Steve had both accepted that, and they both understood that they wouldn’t always be with each other until the war was over. Steve would go places that Tony couldn’t follow, and Tony understood that. It just always hurt to see him go though.
“It’ll happen, just wait.” The blond left a gentle kiss on his omega’s cheek just before the plane touched down, and everyone on the plane got to their feet and prepared to jump out as soon as it stopped rolling.
“Yup! Oh, except this one. The initial idea was one of my employees, but I helped refine it. Anyway, feel free to make reference sketches or whatever you need to do. I’ll be right over there working on an upgrade. Oh, and this is all interactive. You can move things around, enlarge them, whatever. Like this.” Tony said, showing Steve how to interact with the projections.
“The hangar should be on the north side,” Phillips said as he jogged away. “Meet back there!”
Steve shook his head. “That would simply be an added bonus if you were to join me. Of course you’re not obligated to join, I’m just giving you the offer. Plus, I could probably get your friend out of here as well.”
“I know, sweetie, but I’m right here for you, and you’ll have me as long as I’m still breathing. You’ll get through this, okay?” She smiled and kissed Tony’s forehead, wiping away the tears that started falling again. “I love you so much, Tony.”
He paused for just a second before looking back at Fury. "The manor is still there, right?"
“Of course I would have! Because you’re not safe out there! Young men your age are dying every single day out there in the battlefield, and I’m worried sick I’m going to see your name in one of those condolence letters that the colonel sends out.”
“There’s absolutely nothing for you to be scared about, honey,” Maria said, pulling Tony closer to kiss his temple. “I went through most of what you’re going through, so if you have any questions, you just need to ask.”
Tony shook his head. “Not alone. We had SSR scientists help my dad and I. It took several tries, and nearly my life, but we perfected it so it would keep me young and alive while frozen in time. Apparently that’s how you survived as well. But it wasn’t exactly like yours. I don't have super strength.”
The brunet nodded, looking at the floor with a small growl, something that he was picking up a habit of. “It’s not fair. I had freedom with those pills, and he took it all away from me. I was able to get away from the normal omega life for once, and now I’m back to being my body’s slave.”
“Hey, you two are falling way behind,” Bucky called out to the couple as he approached them, having broken away from the rest of the pack.
They got down to the car and a man who had to be Happy, opened the door for them to get in.
Thanksgiving at the Stark manor turned into a somewhat large party, the home filled with the smells of spices and alcohol galore. Several relatives attended, as did friends and former co-workers. Much activity buzzed through the manor, and Jarvis has his hands full with accommodating guests, but thankfully he had the help of other servants from various other households that attended the party, so he wasn’t completely overworked. He was happiest working and away from most of the drunken guests anyways.
Steve’s mind was completely blank from any thoughts other than the singular thought of his duty as an alpha that motivated him to keep going, thrust deeper and harder. Bond with the omega, bite his neck, put a baby in his stomach. Somewhere in the back of his mind there was a slight opposition of the thought of claiming Tony for good, that promise of waiting until they married to finally bond, which would happen after the war was over. It felt like such a long time to wait, but Steve was still a respectable alpha, and he wasn’t going to violate a promise he made to his omega simply because he was in rut.
“I won’t,” Tony promised, smiling enough that the skin around his eyes crinkled enough so Peggy knew he was smiling.
The doctor nodded. “We’ll make sure that baby is healthy.”
“Tony…”
Tony was quick to take Steve into his mouth, closing his eyes and taking in the alpha cock as far as he dared before he gagged a little. To be fair, Steve was huge, and Tony didn’t have the most experience with blowjobs. He did, however, know what made Steve feel good, and he started bobbing his head at a decent pace, which of course caused Steve to groan and tip his head back. The omega had to look up to see his alpha enjoying the attention he was getting. Tony smiled.
“It’s not healthy for an omega to be allowed to indulge so much in their little hobbies or pretending they can do an alpha’s job. Especially when they are particularly fragile to begin with like Anthony is.”
“And you’ll do all this for us, even if neither of us agree to being your mate? You’ll give us both better lives for possibly nothing in return?”
“I could say the same, but I hardly went through the trauma that you did.” Steve reached forward and lightly touched the bruise at the side of Tony’s head where the gun had been.
After about an hour of waiting, Steve's knot finally deflated enough to let him pull out of Tony, a load of slick and cum dripping out once it was released. The alpha groaned and stretched before slipping off the bed, intending on making a warm bath for the omega to clean himself up with. Of course Steve would be helping, because there was no way he was going to force Tony to clean himself up.
“I know just the place.” Tony smiled. “Oh and I am counting it as our first date. The gala can be our second.”
“Tony,” Howard said in a warning tone. His hands were tight on his hips. “You don’t know me as well as you think I do. I care so much about you, and you scare me every time you pull stunts like this.”
“No! He can’t leave yet,” Tony yelled, trying to escape his mother’s grip and failing to do so as Steve looked back at him with a pained expression.
When Tony didn’t answer, unable to speak again as his sobs escaped, Steve said the omega’s name so gently, so sweetly, that Tony could literally feel his heart breaking into a million pieces.
When Fury returned, the doors were left open, and Steve could see an empty hospital bed. The director gestured for Steve to go in, and the blond couldn’t get away from the agents fast enough.
Sighing, Tony stared at the tree he had put up with his father in their apartment. It was New Years Eve, and their tree was still up. It wasn’t a huge deal. He had offered to take it out while his father was at work all day, but Howard had shut that down quickly.
Getting flustered, Tony pulled away from Steve and hunched over a little. “I wasn’t going to say anything. I was meaning that… I can deal with Dad until I move out.”
“Yeah, let’s go.”
“A little fun outside of work isn’t all that bad, Tony.”
“W-what?” He looked at his mother with wide eyes. “I…”
"I don't think you want to be alone with me, but I need to clarify what happened today."
Settled into the car, Steve wrapped an arm around Tony's shoulders and sighed lightly, watching the lights of Walmart's parking lot fall away and be replaced by the tail lights of many cars rushing to get nowhere fast.
Steve flushed a little. “You’re not wrong about it being uncomfortable.” he sighed and looked out at the rain, his little smile and blush going away after a bit.
“You’re just like all the other soldiers. You wanted to become one, and now you have.” Tony scoffed, throwing his empty hand in the air with another frustrated noise.
“Maybe…” Tony moved his head forward and latched onto the zipper of Steve’s pants with his teeth, pulling it down slowly while the alpha got more aroused by the second.
“Peggy!” Tony smiled, hearing his friend after many months. “It’s so good to hear your voice again. How are you?”
Howard nodded. “Alright…”
“Well, my dad did tell me to stay here today because of the weather… But if Steve is here then to hell with that.” Tony smirked and rushed to his bedroom to change. He was back at the door with the apartment keys in hand quicker than Bucky had time to process the whole thing. “Let’s go!”
Tony shook his head. No, he couldn’t let himself think like that. Not after he had fought so hard to prove to Howard that he was capable of fighting in the war. Tony could handle the pressure he had basically given himself. He could fight like any alpha could.
And then it wasn’t so good anymore.
Tony startled when the doors in front of him opened up, but being startled didn’t last long, because his mother was there with tears in her eyes, and then there were some in Tony’s eyes, and mother and son rushed to hug each other, letting out emotions after so long of keeping those emotions in check, bags and umbrella being dropped on the pavement.
“During the holidays Tony’s heat lined up with Steve’s rut. They spent it together. It’s safe to say that’s likely when it happened.” she explained in a gentle tone.
Maria’s eyes widened. “So you did have a heat while away from home? Was that the first one?”
“I guess…” Tony sighed and looked at the floor.
“I hope so, but it’s hard to believe until it happens.”
Before Tony could do much else, Steve pushed him away slightly, suddenly having a very serious look on his face. “Tony, I need to talk to you before your next heat. This is important, so I need your full attention.”
“Tony… it’s Peggy,” came the voice on the other end of the phone.
“London,” the butler stated with a smirk.
Steve made a few little thrusts to urge Tony to cum again, smirking as he did so. “Do it for me, doll. Cum on my knot.”
“Right.”
Towering over Tony, Steve groaned and grabbed the omega’s chin. “Come on then…”
Tony shuffled back over to his bed. If his stomach wasn’t upset, he’d have flopped right onto the bed and screamed as loud as he could. He just wanted his nightmare to end, and he liked to think he could just blame it all on Steve being gone, so his body was just out of wack without him around. But… being sick like he was didn’t exactly add up with Steve being gone.
"I wonder why Tony didn't tell him. Maybe Steve would have found a way to survive if he knew."
Maria put a hand over her mouth as she leaned into her husband, crying silently.
He pulled his choice off the rack and rubbed the sleeve of it to his cheek before looking up at Steve, “Now you.”
“Well, I try not to let work come with me to hang out at a friend’s place, but I guess I can’t help it sometimes.”
Only a short distance was left before the limo arrived at the gala. As soon as the car was parked, Steve was noticing all the flashing cameras pointed directly at the car.
Tony whined again when he tried to follow Steve, but Peggy caught his arm and started pulling him the other way. “We don’t have time, Tony. We need to get to the hangar.”
Maybe that was just the alcohol.
"Perfect, that was my intention."
Steve flushed as he looked at the woman. “Thank you, I… I love being here, to be honest. I think this is the happiest I’ve been in a while, especially for Christmas. Getting to spend it with a family again is a blessing.”
Hot tears prickled at the corners of Tony’s eyes. There was a pause, then Tony's eyebrows lowered.
“And you’re feeling well enough to eat sandwiches? I would have thought you’d want the soup I made for you.”
Tony got in his way and used what little weight he had to push against Steve, grunting and cringing, his rib hurting more. He got what he wanted. Steve stopped and looked down at the brunet. His hard expression softened, shoulders drooping once again.
Tony moaned in response, feeling a little spark of heat in his belly again. “Well, I try to keep up with how good your cock is.”
“You knew better than to come over here, Tony,” Howard snapped. “You have no need to be over here. You’re in heat, you’re staying in a camp surrounded by alphas, which I’m sending you back to with Peggy to watch you until I get back, then you’re getting on the next plane to London and staying there until I return to take you back home.”
“At this point I’m not so sure I’ll ever be fighting.” The blond kept his eyes on the sketchbook, watching in silence until Tony set down the pencil and looked at his very rough sketch.
“Well, then Steve, you do your best at that, and then in the morning when we get cleaned up, you go take care of your bill while I’ll go find Clint. Sound like a plan?”
"Of course," Steve replied. "You'll have anything your heart desires."
Tony managed to crack a small smile, pulling his alpha’s head down to kiss his forehead. “I love you so much, Steve. I can’t wait for us to get married and have a family. I want us to be happy.”
“Puh-lease. I go to Pep and Rhodey for crying into ice cream tubs like a movie stereotype omega when my heart’s broken, and I doubt it’ll be the case this time! They both actually approve of this one!”
Again, Steve nodded. “I know that’s soon, so I wanted to tell you in case it happens before your next heat.”
The doctor nodded and stood up. “I’ll go do that right away then. I’ll give you a call when I have a date. Does any time of day work?”
“Mom, I…”
Steve smiled at the agent and pulled him in for a quick hug. "Good to see you again, Bucky. Was your mission successful?"
“Yessss alphaaaa.” the omega whined. It was torture, and most omegas hated it when a knot deep inside them shifted and tugged at their overly stretched holes, but Tony loved it, and truthfully, it wouldn’t take much to make him cum again and again, even if it was a dry climax.
Tony took a deep breath before he stepped inside and turned to face his parents. Before the door closed on him and blasted him with an intense cold that would knock him out almost instantly, he let slip a few more tears and a few more precious words.
"Well after not seeing each other for a while, I can't say I'm surprised you're like this." Steve caught Tony's lips in a heated kiss, hands roaming and pulling at clothing.
“Bull it isn’t!”
Thankfully Tony was able to get down some real food, as opposed to snacks, and drank more water than he had in the couple days previous. It was enough to make Maria happy, and she sent Tony to bed with warm blankets and enough water to keep him hydrated. Tony was visibly not feeling well, even if it was only caused by his alpha suddenly leaving and giving his body absolutely no time at all to adjust. Each day that passed allowed the once shared bedroom to smell less and less like Steve and more like only Tony, which only left a dead scent in the omega’s nose. His room smelled like nothing, and it was the most unsettling it had ever been.
Tony laughed, stepping in a little closer to Steve, just because he could.
“You would think, but he gets really upset when I do things I’m not supposed to because I’m an omega. It’s not fair at all, but I guess I can deal with it until… well, I can deal with it.”
“It was worth a try. I don’t really want to dance in front of these people anyways.”
Steve leaned down to nuzzle Tony’s jaw, muttering praises to his omega as he slowly gained control of his mind again. “God, Tony, you’re always so good at taking my cock.”
“Yeah, but I don’t want to leave you by yourself while I go in.”
Steve shrugged. “How bad do you want to dance? I’ll lead so it looks like you’re obeying me.”
“Steven Rogers, you are falling quite nicely into the roll of an alpha already. Just don’t drive the omega you like away. He’ll never fall for you if you act like any other army alpha.” Peggy patted his back as she left. “I’m going to pack my bags. See you in Europe.”
“We’re going to the bar? At this time of day? We’ll be mugged, or worse!”
Would you rather I have showered and been even
Tony nodded. “No question off limits, right?”
In only a couple more days, the base was bustling with activity and the Howling Commandos roaming about until they weren’t needed and retired to the nearest bar, drinking to their heart’s content and putting it all on Steve’s tab. Typically Steve and Tony would have joined them for drinks, but instead they had a date planned, finally a date to make up for the one they lost when Steve had put a little roadblock in their relationship.
“I just know what is best for him. His father had wanted him to settle down with me, but he rebels like a teenager, even now. His other ex, Tiberius, would have also been a good match for him, but again, he rebelled. If you are next in line, I just want to make sure you’re on the same page, and that you will do what needs to be done, otherwise I don’t think we can allow you to continue seeing our little omega.”
“I do try. Bucky says I look out of place in it though. Probably because he’s known me as the scrawny little beta for most of his life.” Steve shrugged with a smile.
Moving with determination, the agent moved over to her vanity, pulling out a box and opening it, smiling to herself. “Perfect,” she said as she moved back over to Tony. Inside the box was a brooch and a pair of clip on earrings. They were sparkling red, almost matching the color of the little gems around the face of Tony’s watch.
“Or you could take a bribe of kisses?”
The doctor raised an eyebrow. “You know… from all that I’ve seen here, I can almost guarantee I know what Tony has.”
Time seemed to stop around Tony as the doctor spoke that word.
“As soon as my body realizes that it’s not being suppressed any more.”
“Do you feel you’re going to start this cycle soon?”
Tony laughed, “You expect me to believe you were alive and fighting Nazis back in the forties? Never had an alpha boast he was nearing a hundred before in order to try and get in my pants. Come on, you’re obviously in your twenties—maybe early thirties.”
Tony tensed up a bit. Steve’s movement send a whiff of his scent floating to the omega’s nose. He shivered and grunted lightly. The liquid suppressants weren’t really doing their job properly with a newly presenting alpha standing right next to the omega in heat.
“I can take you to my lab, just remember not to touch anything unless I say so. Also, it’s mandatory that any new visitors greet my babies, Dum-E and U. They crave affection.”
Steve smiled and looked at Tony. "Let's go get some cozy pajamas, okay?"
“Oh… of course,” Maria said as she stood back up, her hand lingering on her son before she pulled away. “We will…
Of course, none of that mattered to Tony. All he could feel was emptiness, a hole in his being that was suddenly ripped open and left to decay while he was left alive with a physical hole in his chest. Everything about him hurt. His soul, his body, his mind, everything was hurt and broken, and Tony felt he had no way of healing after all he had gone through.
“I’ll be fine.” Tony sighed, feeling a little irritated, but he brushed it off.
“Let’s take your things to Steve’s apartment,” Peggy said once she pulled back and brushed back some of Tony’s longer hair. “Then we need to go find him. He’s been hiding from everyone since he got back from Austria…”
Feeling like he was getting close to reaching his limit, Tony, turned his head to the side and glanced back at Steve, letting out a long breathy moan. He could only imagine what this rut would be like once he fell into heat, because Steve was already more amazing than usual. The rut definitely intensified the moment.
Hearing those words made Tony cry harder. Steve actually wanted him, and he wanted Steve. Their need for each other grew by the day, and with the war raging on, they needed each other more than they realized. Both had been underdogs, stuck in the shadows of others while they looked on in hope, wishing to do their part and help. Two underdogs coming together as alpha and omega, it was almost like the perfect love story. The realization struck Tony deep in his heart, and he seemed to melt into Steve’s hold on him. Finally, the crazy equation made sense. This made sense. Being with Steve and going where he went made so much sense.
“Tony…” Maria put her hand on her son’s shoulder with watery eyes. “You really want this?”
“Glad to be back,” Steve replied. “I missed you, Tony.”
“Mr. Stark,” the blond greeted with a little rough undertone to his voice. “It’s wonderful to see you again.”
"Sleep, omega," Steve said gently. "Let me take care of you."
“I slept a little during the night. Couldn’t fall asleep that much until like five I think. I slept pretty good after that.”
“I did.”
“You need to get medical attention,” Peggy said, as firmly as she could, but try as she may, she couldn’t force Tony to do anything but walk forward, not after he had lost the love of his life. Trying to talk to Tony was like talking to a brick wall. Instead of going to the medical bay of the base, Tony pulled away from Peggy, stumbling around with expressionless eyes and finding a spot to hide away and grieve.
"Oh yeah? Sounds like I hit the jackpot then." Steve smirked and kissed Tony's shoulder.
It was about half an hour more before Peggy had returned to Tony’s side and helped him out of the chair, noticing the blood staining parts of his uniform that weren’t the dark red of the midsection. There was nothing big she or the medics could do but wrap up his torso before helping him onto the plane that would extract the troops out of the area.
“Seems like news of my way of waking you up this morning has traveled. Must have been a nice way to wake up." Steve drove away from the building, not looking back as he took the two omegas away from their old lives.
Steve had never been a huge fan of sticking around large crowds and looking pretty for them. Even in the army, when locals would swarm him to thank him for his service, he was never really comfortable. Steve was in his element when he was alone with his art supplies. So, being dolled up and presented at a huge gala, normally he wouldn't do it.
"He helped attack the last hydra base. He was a part of the assault team! He was in the crossfire of an explosion that caused some shrapnel to enter his chest. The arc reactor is keeping him alive by pulling the shrapnel away from his heart."
Steve nodded. “Then tomorrow we’ll get you a prescription for suppression pills and have the meeting.”
The alpha, Bucky, nodded. "All targets were eliminated. It was an easy mission. They never heard me coming."
With another wave of the scent of slick hitting his nose, Steve groaned again, pulling away from the kiss and moving lower to lick up the fresh slick. He hoisted Tony’s legs over his shoulders and closed his eyes, tasting the omega’s sweet slick.
“Maybe a couple hours? You woke up briefly when they put the IV in you, but you passed out again quickly. Doctors confirmed you had a concussion, so they’re going to work with you to manage your symptoms once you rest up some more.”
Clint raised a brow at him, “The tall one you disappeared for the rest of the night with?”
“Stand down, everyone,” Fury shouted, and the agents obeyed, though they were still cautious about Steve. “This doesn’t need to get violent, so everyone just calm down and let me get the captain to where he needs to be.”
Steve looked up at Tony with wide eyes. “N-no, I want to be with you still, Tony. I know I messed up, and I… I want to fix this.”
“I gotta put her in the water.”
“And Honeybear didn’t tell me he has a new hot friend?” Tony pouted at James.
“Don’t be too hard on him,” Peggy urged. “But we have a mission on our hands, and we need to get out of here quickly if we’re going to do this. You’d better get the plane ready to fly, Mr. Stark.”
“Oh, I’m of no relation… just a friend, and a familiar face.” Peggy swallowed. “Is the baby alright?”
there a condom? He’d grabbed one but didn’t remember it being put onto the alpha. He was normally very vigilant about that kind of thing when he was with an alpha.
“I need the casualty list from Azzano,” Steve said sternly.
Tony was absolutely sick of everything! Why couldn’t all his symptoms just magically go away? He’d be a lot happier if he was healthy again and could await his alpha’s return in peace without having to run the bathroom what felt like every ten minutes.
“Thanks, Jarvis. Glad I can count on you to make sure I have everything I need for heats.”
Most of Tony’s time was spent setting up his nest properly. Every couple of days he would shift things around, all while keeping the clothes that smelled like Steve packed away until the time to use them came. No matter how much he did, though, he always felt like something was missing, and he knew what it was. Steve was gone, so of course this nest felt wrong, felt empty.
And then finally the gates of the base came into view. Tony was on the edge of the passenger seat almost immediately, his eyes trained on the single plane that was parked near a hangar, several people scattered around it moving cargo and striking up light conversations. Tony didn’t see the three men he would recognize instantly, and his heart started beating faster as he worried they didn’t make it back to the states. He was so caught up in his thoughts that he didn’t remember getting past the gates and heading towards that very hangar that probably housed Steve, Bucky, and Howard. He didn’t register that his mother was saying things to him, probably about how he should act as soon as they parked, but Tony wasn’t listening even in the slightest. All Tony’s mind could handle thinking about was Steve and how close he was once more.
Soon entering the terminal, Tony frantically looked around, and before long he spotted the family butler he had trusted so many secrets with over the years. He nearly burst into tears at the friendly smile Jarvis gave him as he approached. It was hard not to just drop everything and run into those welcoming arms.
“I don’t want to talk to anyone, Peggy,” Steve responded, shifting forward to hold his head in his hands.
A whine escaped Tony’s lips as he looked with wide eyes at his mother. The fear in his eyes was hard to miss. “I can’t… No, I need him here, I need to be with him!”
Sighing, Tony looked down at the blankets balled up in his hands. He wanted to scream and cry some more, but having his father there, actually supporting him for once, made his need to cry go away just a little.
“I feel like I need to,” Tony grumbled as he pulled away, holding a hand against his rib. “A lot of things have happened, Mom…”
“Yeah, he had to get to base though. Something urgent that Colonel Phillips wanted to talk to him about, so he sent me here to pick you up and bring you to base. I hope that’s okay.”
The headache Tony had when he opened his eyes was excruciating but he kept blinking and tried to get up as he saw some soldiers run towards him. He kept ignoring his pain as he got back to his feet, the soldiers helping him run to the gate where Peggy was waiting with wide eyes. Tony had to keep going, even if he was in pain. An explosion was not going to put him out of commission when he had fought for so long to get to where he was. He had to keep going, no matter how bad the pain was.
“They look like they’ve been through hell,” he said, almost in a whisper. He closed his eyes when Steve wrapped an arm around him.
“God, Tony…” Steve’s body shook as he cried silently into Tony’s shoulder.
“Me too, Tony…”
The portfolio was flipped open to some sketches Steve had been playing around with. Or rather, they were some loose-leaf papers that had somehow gotten tucked away in the portfolio and weren’t meant to be there. They were unfinished and still showed some of his blocking and guidelines, the forms still a slight mess of strokes waiting to be cleaned up, and color being blocked in with highlighters.
“You’ve been dancing with Tony for a long time. You’re a good looking alpha, I’m sure you wouldn’t have troubles finding a new dance partner.”
“Good.” Steve sighed slowly and looked around at the other commandos, wishing they had more time to just relax, but the Hydra base was too important to wait too long to destroy. The sooner they took it out, the better, and all the commandos knew that.
It wasn’t much longer before the entire Hydra base was burning to the ground and the Howling Commandos left to trek back to their camp. Steve and Tony hung at the back of the pack, taking guard once more as they walked. Being at the back also allowed them to reach for each other’s hands and hold tight, both glad they made it out alive. It may have been a short mission, despite being one of the major bases, but the tank explosion had taken care of most of it anyways. Tony had been thrilled either way, and he couldn’t wait to go on the next mission.
“Please,” Tony said after the silence was too long again. “I can do this. I can get my hands on some suppressor pills so I won’t have a random heat during the mission. I’ll work hard, and the Howling Commandos can help me train. They’re not as busy as you or Peggy, so they’d have plenty of time to train me.”
The alpha nodded. "Yes, with a few modern additions to it. I'm sure you'll still feel at home. That's where we've prepared you two to live anyways. Besides, the manor is legally in your name now, Mr. Stark, thanks to your father's will."
“I just want you to be ready.”
Steve groaned again, straightening up and shuffling forward until his erection was pressing against Tony's ass eagerly. He hardly had to move before Tony was begging even more to have his alpha inside him. Steve smirked at the begging, liking that only he got to see the omega like this. This act, this behavior was all his to enjoy.
“You set my
"Hey, are you alright?" Steve asked gently once he was seated.
“Tony, this is Mr. Steven Rogers, the artist from Brooklyn I told you about.” Miss Potts said.
“Holy shit…” Tony blinked up at his alpha with a dumbfounded expression, his hair sprawled out around his head like some sort of halo.
“I’m sure. You’re working in a very competitive field that has just as much reliance on luck as it does on skill when it comes to the question of success.” She smiled, moving around to sit in her chair. She was about to add more when the door opened again with a bang.
All the soldiers ended up returning to the base that was their safe haven in London, Howard waiting there to hear the news of how the mission went. He was worried he wouldn’t see his son among the soldiers filing in, but he didn’t have much more time to search before he was pulled away to begin formulating a search plan, first to find whatever source of power Schmidt had been using, but also to search for Steve, as he had learned the grim news from Colonel Phillips. It was painful to hear, knowing how close his son had been to the captain, but he refocused his mind on the search plan. He didn’t notice when Peggy and Tony slipped in last behind all the soldiers and Howling Commandos.
"It's nice to meet you, Bruce," Steve greeted warmly.
Jarvis smile and nodded. “Thank you, Tony. I will make some for you then. You’ll have fresh cheeseburgers every day, if you wish.”
“I’m my own boss. Only Pepper-dictated meetings can get in my way.” Tony said, pulling out his phone to mark down the time so he’d have a reminder.
Steve gave a short nod. “All for the glory of Hydra, and to provide better lives to a couple of omegas who deserve far better than what they have right now.”
“I won’t keep you waiting too long,” Tony promised, watching his mother leave.
Tony flushed, turning his attention to the stove. “Are those normal pancakes?”
“Thank you, J,” Tony managed to say while looking at the family butler.
“How long until you’ll go into heat?”
Tony hummed in contentment, and soon after had fully drifted off, held snugly against the alpha’s chest.
“What’s that you’re bringing,” the father asked as he wrapped up their breakfast and started towards the door.
“Try not to think too hard on that. You know he wants to be with you, and he’ll come back if you’re not able to go to him.”
“Have I told you lately how cute it is when you blush and get all shy? Of course I meant actually sleeping. But I’m not against the idea of sitting on your knot, either. You know, when we’re both feeling ready for that step.”
Tony turned and looked at his father. “Dad, I’m a big part of this too, I need to go.”
“Eh, Pep and JARVIS...and sometimes even Rhodey makes sure I eat at least…”
"If you have no other goals other than to try and make Tony feel guilty, I suggest you move along," Rhodey said sternly.
“I will if everyone else thinks you can do this. I’ll need proof before I think you’re ready though.”
“Don’t worry, I’m leaving again,” the agent said after dropping Steve’s bags next to the cot. “I will let you know if Steve comes back before your heat is over, I promise.”
“Hu.” Tony attached himself to Steve’s arm as they walked in side for what he was now deeming ‘the quest for the softest jammies’, since apparently there would be pajamas hidden away in a sea of—everything.
“You gonna be okay?” the strange man with an eyepatch asked.
“I’m not going to
Tony loved how warm and happy everything felt around his home. Not only was the house well decorated top to bottom, inside and out, but he also finally got to spend Christmas with his alpha. They had been prevented from doing so the previous year because of Steve going away on a mission--Not to mention their fight--but that year neither of them had anywhere to go until Steve was called back to duty, and so far, there hadn’t been any letter or call requesting his presence, so Tony was optimistic about Steve staying home for the holidays. He just hoped that nothing serious popped up in the few weeks to follow.
Some rubbing alcohol and clean bandages cleaned up the wounds as best as Howard could do, and then he sat down with Tony cradled in his arms. The omega wasn’t able to wake up for a while, that much Howard knew, but at least he had stopped the major bleeding, and hopefully he had saved his son from death.
“Steve, then.” Tony reached behind himself to rub his fingers over Steve’s cock, “You feel larger than others I’ve had...I want to see if your knot is big enough to erase all memory of any other knot I’ve had from my sopping hole.”
Making up his mind, Howard grabbed one of the smaller knives and the lighter he had in his pocket, sterilizing the blade before, with a shaking hand, he dug it into the middle of his son’s chest. There was so much blood, and it was clear that Tony had lost a lot already, but if could get conscious once more, Tony might be able to get to a doctor to get more blood if he needed it. It was impossible to tell just how much blood he had lost already, but Howard hoped that he hadn’t already lost more than a third. Otherwise, it was almost guaranteed that Tony would die.
“I believe there’s an opening a couple days from now. I can look at the schedule in the omega clinic back at the hospital and call to give you a time.”
Tony smiled and buried his face in Steve’s chest. He didn't know how he did it, but somehow he had scored a stupidly romantic alpha.
Another long pause, Steve not wanting to talk, just to drink and wish he could get drunk on whatever bottle of stuff he had grabbed.
Tony sighed. “Yeah… you know, Steve had gotten me suppressants before I left London. Took them for about  a month and delayed a heat, but that month was so nice. I didn’t have to worry about the heat or anything that came with it. I could focus on missions… I wish I had those back.”
Steve chuckled. “Guess I have to look out for my drunk omega now.”
The omega jumped a little, being dragged away from his thoughts. “Mom… sorry, I was just fixing my nest…”
“You’re not fine, Tony! You can barely stand on your own two feet.”
Steve leaned his head down close to Tony’s and spoke a few simple words, a smirk on his face as he knew exactly what he was doing to the omega by speaking. “Cum for me, omega.”
Steve growled and highly considered chasing after Justin, but he knew that Tony was hurting more, and he needed comforting and reassuring. Sighing, the alpha started his search for Tony, and luckily he found the omega sitting at the bar with a glass in hand amongst the crowds of people loitering about. Steve had become familiar with Tony's drinking problem, and he had been thankful to see the omega not drink so much whenever he was around. But clearly what Justin had said had upset Tony greatly, and seeing the omega in a heap at the bar made Steve's heart sink.
“Good,” Phillips replied. “Take me to it, we don’t have a second to lose.”
As soon as the man was down, Tony ran towards the flaming body, curious about the technology he had used, but his attention was changed immediately when he caught a whiff of Steve’s scent, and then Steve was right in front of him, looking a bit shaken but still pushing forward. Tony nearly collapsed when he whined and dropped his gun to hug his alpha tight. He let his guard down as Steve hugged him back and kissed the top of his head.
“He might be busy tonight. Depends on how long I need him.”
“Tony… Agent Carter.” Steve nodded at Peggy politely.
Steve nodded. “Understandable. I’ll arrange a meeting so you can speak with the leader of Hydra.”
Obadiah hummed and chewed on his lip. "Well alright then… but there will be some alphas who won't be happy that I promised you'd get a dance with them. Seems like you won't be available for those."
for it…”
“I’m not sure he’ll be up for breakfast. He was still fast asleep when I got out of my shower, and I showered for a long time.”
As tense as the drive might have seemed, Tony still found himself grabbing one of Steve’s hands while he drove and rubbing the alpha’s knuckles in an effort to keep himself calm. There was no mistaking the distressed omegan scent filling the car. All Steve wanted to do was hold Tony close and tell him that everything was going to be okay. They would get to spend some down time together as opposed to a mission out on the battlefield. And besides, Steve was anxious to see Tony in heat with his newly buffed up body. Not that the heat was more important than comforting Tony, but staying with the omega and helping him through his heat was at least part of comforting him.
Tony laid there for several minutes, trying to crawl across the floor and reach his arc reactor. In his panic he had done the math in his head that the electromagnet in the reactor had prevented the shrapnel from digging further into his chest. If he could have just reached it, he might have been able to save himself.
“I might not have even noticed you back then. I was a little bit of a rich-boy jerk. Rhodey helped with that of course, since he was my roomie, and living together really kick-started our friendship, but yeah.”
"I'd blame my dad, but if rather no part of my life be all thanks to him. I think you can understand."
Quickly shedding his fancy clothes, Tony fell back on his bed and into the half made nest that had slowly been falling apart since the end of his heat back in August. Soon it would be time to build it back up again, but that could wait. All Tony wanted that night was to curl up with Steve and sleep peacefully while the worries of the world faded away. Sighing, he curled up on his side and closed his eyes, listening to Steve move around the room and eventually join him on the bed. He instantly felt better once the big alpha wrapped his arms around him.
normal,
Steve walked into the lobby of the Stark Tower with his portfolio in hand and headed to the receptionist with the best smile he could offer.
Steve looked at the two robots, who turned to him in what seemed like interest. “So these are your… babies? I assume?”
Tony’s mind halted for a second. There was a hint of something in Steve’s voice that he didn’t like. His stomach tightened up in anxiety.
Tony nodded, then he moved forward and hugged his mother as tight as he could. “My body hates me,” he said in a weak voice.
A chuckled rumbled through the alpha. “You relax, I’ll get us cleaned up when my knot releases.”
“Nothing,” the brunet replied, flushing and looking away.
"No, I've never felt the need to do it before tonight."
The blond looked down at the box in his hands. “Oh, I just brought some candy. I figured Peggy was going to try to feed you right while you healed, so I smuggled this in for you.”
“Alright, now don’t get too excited with Steve,” the agent warned with a playful smile. “I know how omegas can get when around a handsome alpha. You’re still weak and need the
Tony nodded, cheeks a bit pink. “Yeah… Some of the guys wanted to help train me… uh… it’s a long story.”
Tony looked over at the cars and jogged over to one, jumping into the driver’s seat and then ducking his head down below the dashboard. “I can hotwire this car, just get in so we’re not wasting time!”
“That’s not why I’m scared,” Howard snapped. “You keep acting like you’re not an omega, and that will get you in trouble one day. I know you were training for something, but I didn’t say anything. I figured I would give you a chance to prove you were smart, but you really blew that.”
“Be happy that I’m happy!” Tony nodded, hooking his arm through Steve’s and pulling him closer.
There was nothing more to be said from the brave alpha who had sacrificed himself for the safety of his country. Steve Rogers had said his last words to his omega, and they left burning marks on Tony’s broken heart as he sat in that chair and sobbed loudly. He mourned over his mate, the one he was to marry and the father of the child that grew inside him. He mourned over his best friend he had lost only days before. Tony mourned long and hard for the two people in his life who had loved and supported him and were the best friends he had ever had. They were both gone, and all Tony had was his parents and Peggy. Tony was suddenly lost in the large world that had so cruelly taken Bucky and Steve from his life.
“Mr. Stark.”
what you’ve just done.”
Steve’s apartment was cold and quiet. It felt lifeless at Tony helped bring his things in, and he wanted to cry again. He had already cried so much, but there was a lot that had happened all at once, and his poor hormones were suffering. At least there was something he could do to help liven up the room. He unpacked the framed drawing that Steve had given him for Christmas and leaned it up against the wall on top of a bookshelf. It brought back a little warmth into the apartment, but it would never be enough to make up the coldness that Bucky’s absence would leave in both Steve and Tony’s hearts.
“I’ve got a coat you can wear, since you’re basically the same size as me.”
The omega purred happily at that and only snuggled closer. “I can’t wait until you’re officially part of the family.”
"We believe you were in suspended animation, probably from the serum, but we aren't completely sure."
The whole time Tony was talking to Clint, Steve's eyes had followed the brunet. He really wanted some time alone with that omega, but he didn't find the need to get up and catch Tony's attention. So Steve remained seated and kept watching, letting out a low growl when the omega wandered around close by.
Tony nodded and curled tighter around the alpha with a smile.
Maria smiled and hugged her son once more. Pulling back, she had a new sparkle in her eyes. “Well now, since you’re up and about, how about we make breakfast together?”
The parking garage echoed every little noise made, so when the doors of the car closed once the three were out, the noise seemed to echo on forever. Steve let the two omegas grab their bags before he locked the car and led them to an elevator that would bring them up to a lobby. Two more guards stepped to the side when the elevator doors opened, addressing Steve simply as Captain as he passed them.
made this. All by myself! It works better than you could have ever made it, because some of
"Absolutely. You can get into the fluffiest pajamas you can find, and I'll hold you close so you know that your exes are asses and they never deserved you in the first place."
"You won't have to do that anymore, doll." Steve kissed Tony cheek gently.
“Oh? How are you going to teach me?” Tony asked as he grabbed himself a glass of champagne from the tray Jarvis was carrying around.
“No, just go Peggy! I can outrun the blasts!” Tony growled, or more snarled, before sinking his teeth into the arm of the Hydra agent’s uniform, tearing the fabric and  letting go while enduring a rain of punches to the side of the head. He bit down again, hard, into the agent’s skin, until he tasted blood and the agent let go of his waist. Tony was gone quicker than the agent could blink, running away  and heading towards the blown gate with his heart pounding in his chest.
Searching the base top to bottom, Howard was growing increasingly worried when he couldn’t find Tony. He tried calling out for his son, but he never got an answer, no matter how loud he called. After several minutes of searching the base with no results, the older beta felt a sinking feeling grow in the pit of his stomach. He would never forgive himself if he had allowed his son to leave and get himself killed on a battlefield he should have never gone onto in the first place. Maria would never forgive him if he had let that happen.
“It’ll be a long flight. Pack comfortably, and hopefully you’ll get some sleep.” Peggy sighed. “We’ll expect to see you soon, Tony. Safe travels.”
Steve let a short low growl escape. "What's your price for a full session, Tony?"
“I’m sorry… I’ll come back as soon as I can.”
“Can’t wait until I can move away from him. He’s not a bad guy really… he just has strong opinions, and I know he just wants to protect me. He’s doing his best.” Tony sighed, following the alpha to meet Colonel Phillips.
It was about ten minutes later when Maria came knocking, figuring Tony had just busied himself with new designs, but through the door she heard Tony throwing up once again, and she was instantly on high alert.
As Tony left his room, the spicy cinnamon smell that was often associated with the holidays filled his nose, and he could hear the lively music playing as well. Down the hallway he went with a smile plastered on his face. As a last minute accessory, Tony had thrown on a pair of tinted glasses that complemented the red in his outfit. His hair had been swept back, and he looked like he was worth a million bucks.
“It’s partly due to the serum. I was a beta before I was injected with it. My enemies weren’t too fond of me before they realized how powerful I could be on their side.”
“Easy, you’re okay,” Peggy soothed, finding it painful to hear the poor omega whine and whimper at the lack of presence of the alpha he wanted. “See, we’re in your tent now. You can relax now and do what you need to. Your bags have been moved in here as well.”
Behind the door, she heard a bit of movement, a groan, and then suddenly the door opened. Tony was there in one of Steve’s shirts and loose pants. Despite being in oversized clothes that smelled like Steve, Tony looked far from comfortable.
“As if you’re any better.” Tony shrugged.
“What about the others? Are you planning a rescue mission?”
“Watch your mouth, boy,” Howard snapped back. “You’ll never find an alpha at this rate.”
Steve smiled wider. "Thank you. You look stunning." The blond grabbed his keys and exited his apartment, locking it behind him. "Alright, I think I'm ready to go."
“I’ll see what I can do.” Steve moved his leg back to its original position, getting a sigh of relief out of his omega. “We just need to make sure that Schmidt doesn’t get ahead of our attacks on his bases.”
"Very much so. Sorry, I didn't really mean to wake you up this way, but I was going to have to wake you up eventually anyways."
Tony’s smile faded a bit. Steve… He was still gone, and probably would remain gone after so long of not finding him. Tony didn’t want to give up on his hope that Steve had survived, but even a super soldier could only last so long in the icy cold.
“Hi Brucie-bear! That’s my new boyfriend!” Tony spoke up.
“Yeah…” Tony sighed and followed his father to their car, not looking forward to another night alone.
Steve reacted by sucking on the skin above the collar tony wore, leaving his temporary mark on the omega with a growl. As much as he would have liked Tony to be on his hands and knees with ass in the air, the alpha didn’t feel like either of them were at a point where they wanted to change positions. They had already been working up towards their climaxes for a good while, and Steve didn’t want to stop moving inside the omega that was willingly taking him like a champ. Steve’s mind was too far gone to even think about anything but breeding the omega and putting his seed deep into Tony’s womb. It was all the alpha could think about the closer he brought them to a finish.
It was then that Peggy poked her head back into the room, a few nurses behind her. “Pardon me, Mrs. Stark, but I believe your son will need some medical assistance.You’ll be able to see him more later when he is feeling more like himself.”
Steve smiled right back, then turned to face the plane once more as he fastened his shield onto his back. He climbed around to the front of the car with just barely enough time to duck, the spinning blades scraping against it with a terrible screech. Tony, Peggy, and Phillips also had to duck to avoid getting hit by the blades, and they had to remain ducked as the plane picked up speed once again, which scared Tony half to death. He felt like if he breathed wrong, the blades would take off his head, and that would be the end of him.
Those words made Steve tense up, Tony could feel it through the light coat he wore. There was a lot of alpha tension in the air that Tony really didn’t like, and this time he let out the whine he realized he had been holding in. He didn’t like how Steve was called a chorus girl, but Steve especially didn’t like it. Phillips had been supportive of the super soldier project after all, up until he decided that one super soldier wasn’t enough for his precious army. Steve had a lot of potential, he just wasn’t ever given the chance to prove so.
Nightmares filled Tony’s dreams that night, his body going into panic mode even while he slept. It was the final trigger that caused the disaster to finally rear its ugly head and spit its venom. It started with the cramps suddenly growing sharp and constant. The pain was so great that it woke Tony from his slumber, the omega’s eyes snapping open before he groaned and curled up into a ball. The last time he felt something as painful was in London, passing out on the floor after he had taken his uniform off and realized he needed the arc reactor to survive.
“Just shut up,” Tony snapped as he jumped out of the booth and ran outside.
Tony managed a small smile while new tears streamed down his face, clearly overwhelmed and happy that his father was finally getting along with him. “I’ll show you how I made the arc reactor. And…  I think I’ll take a bit of that food you mentioned.”
“I don’t regret my actions, and I doubt Stark or Captain Rogers regretted theirs either.”
“Besides sweets, Tony.”
“It’s not that simple, unfortunately.” Peggy sighed as he brushed her bangs out of her face. “I’m afraid this assignment is a more permanent one, and it won’t be one to return from for a while.”
“No, Tony and I weren’t going to eat all of this tonight anyways, and who knows if we’ll be around tomorrow to eat the leftovers?”
“I tried not to let all the muscles and fame go to my head.” Steve smiled, then he looked down at the table, fidgeting with his hands. There was something he needed to talk about, but he wasn’t sure if it was the right time to do so.
“None of that makes any sense to me.” Tony deadpanned as he double-checked the lock on his omega collar. He didn’t care if anything else we wore got ruined, but he needed the collar to stay protecting his neck.
“God, I love him so much, Mom. He’s sweet and strong and approves of how I am. I can’t tell you how long I’ve wanted an alpha that just accepted me for who I am and didn’t want to turn me into a house wife and sex toy.”
Tony groaned while hiding his face, knowing he looked disgusting.
“I think it’s high time we went home… Everything should be ready for us, thanks to Jarvis.”
Steve chuckled, hearing the music swell along with his cue to go on. “You’ll have to see it on me a couple more times before I move on to the next one. The media likes how I look right now, so it’s sticking.”
"Don't worry, I'm far from being an asshole," Steve reassured with a smile.
“Here, I know it’s not much,” Steve started, handing Tony the flat, wrapped present. “But I—”
Silence filled the room, Tony looking down at his bed in contemplation and bewilderment. Maria was about to speak up again when Tony’s eyes widened and he took in a deep breath.
"Yes, ma'am, I'll be there." Steve brought his attention back to Tony once his friends were gone. "That was smooth."
“Worried, alpha?” Tony leaned into Steve’s space, “You’re welcome to drag me to bed if you want. I’ll even give you an access card to my lab.”
“I try.” the omega purred, nuzzling his nose into Steve’s neck.
Steve acted quickly, knowing Tony was just as impatient as he was. Protection was important though, especially when the war was still raging and neither of them were currently home. Even accidentally having a baby wasn't an option for them. Maybe eventually when they could get a place together and Steve had a stable job, with Tony eventually helping his father at Stark Industries, they could have a family and live a normal life.
That thought made Tony shiver. It wasn't a pleasant thought at all.
“Did you read the report?” Steve asked, pain in his voice.
“Then come here and let me satisfy you.” Steve grabbed Tony’s hips with another growl leaning forward to leave a little nip at the top of the omega’s hip.
At long last the sun began to rise on the third day of Steve being missing, the crisp morning air accompanied by fog surrounding the forest. Peggy was up and about by the time most other soldiers were grabbing breakfast. She headed to the main tent, where Colonel Phillips was busy sipping on a cup of coffee.
The alpha snorted, then he claimed a kiss that was as possessive as it really could be, leaving Tony moaning and picking at Steve’s clothes. Since they both had Tony’s room available for their privacy, the two had taken advantage of it and had some intimate times outside of Tony’s heats. It was nice to not have to worry about using protection to prevent a pregnancy outside of heats. Tony was sure glad he didn’t have that extra amount of anxiety to worry about while the war was raging on. Pregnancy was the last thing on his mind, and he hoped the same was true for Steve. Besides, Steve had to worry about being Captain America first and foremost.
“Captain!”
“I’ll try. I suppose I can’t sit on your knot while you drive.” Tony teased as he climbed into the car.
Tony and Peggy found out very quickly just how fast Steve could jog. They had a hard time keeping up as they ran to the colonel’s tent, and they were honestly a little out of breath by the time they got there. Steve however seemed to have not even broken a sweat.
Tony glanced back at the store they had passed, whining a little. “If you’re sure…”
It wasn’t long before the attack on the Hydra headquarters was underway. Steve had broken off from the rest of the group, taking a motorcycle with him that was packed full of gadgets and modes that would help him get right to the front gates of the Hydra headquarters. Tony had opposed it to begin with, but Steve explained to him how it was going to make it easier to get into the base. If Hydra was focused on an attack by just one man, then they would be caught off guard when several more came into attack after the one was captured.
“Yeah…” Howard looked down at his arms, still covered in dried blood. “He’s my son, by the way. His name is Tony.”
Tony didn’t have to wait long for that to happen, because Steve was covering him with his body and grabbing his cock to stroke it and push him closer to the edge. Tony gasped and whimpered, eyebrows turned up almost as far as they could go as Steve jerked him off while also still thrusting into him. It was almost too much stimulation. The stars he was seeing before got more intense, and his breath kept hitching on his moans and cries. Tony was in no way able to form coherent words for Steve to hear. He was far past that point as he was pushed closer and closer to his climax. He could feel his stomach tighten up, and it would only take a few more strokes…
“I mean like, anything. If you like the idea of me dressing up as something for you, then I’ll do that, or suck you off, or—well, anything really. Makes me feel a little less selfish and spoiled…”
Tony hummed happily, eyes locked lovingly on Steve, “I’m already counting down the minutes.”
As much as Tony hated to move, he knew he would feel better in the tent that didn’t reek of other alphas. Those scents only made his head hurt and his stomach hurt worse. He let himself be helped up by the agent, though he found it hard to move without feeling slick exit  his body and make him feel disgusting. The humidity after the rain helped none, only making Tony feel more disgusting and sick.
Maria nodded in agreement. “He’ll know when it’s the right time to know. So tell me more about you and the captain’s relationship.”
Peggy pushed herself away from the edge of the table and smiled. “Well, nobody’s perfect.”
Tony nodded. “Damn right it was, so behave yourself until after the party!”
“I suppose there’s a reason why I was born a beta in the first place.”
“Great! You have a more built frame than I’ve seen before on an omega, but I’ll find some things I think will look good on you, and you can try them on and tell me if you like them.”
“Stop that, you’ll make me ruin my outfit!” Tony flushed bright red as he drank his champagne.
Steve knew where he had heard those words before. In 1941. A baseball game he had attended as a fan. He had been at that game.
“Only told Clint.” Tony shrugged with a grin.
The rest of the day was spent relaxing and finding out what foods Tony could tolerate eating or what foods he was having cravings for. They knew for sure that cheese was out of the question for any foods, and there were a few others that Tony gagged at and nearly had to run to the bathroom after smelling. His cravings weren’t very bad yet, much to Maria’s relief, and she hoped that her son’s cravings didn’t get worse. Nevertheless, Tony was starving, and he managed to grab enough food to satisfy his hunger in the moment.
“It’ll be a nice change of pace for her, I’m sure. Mr. Stark  is always running late and she’s taken to just hunting him down instead of waiting for him to show up for meetings.” the man shrugged.
Tony hummed. “What did I do to deserve such a caring alpha like you?”
“Shame. I had high hopes for you when I looked you up. I assumed a war hero would know better. Well, enjoy your time with our Anthony while you can. It won’t be lasting.” Justin smiled as if he were wishing the man a good evening and not low-key threatening him before he turned to walk off.
“So what are we supposed to do?” the commando asked. “I mean it’s not like we can just knock on the front door.”
Tony looked at his mother. “What do you suggest?”
Amidst Tony’s daydreaming, he had lost sight of his father completely, and it wasn’t until he was almost to Colonel Phillips’s office that he noticed. Steve’s voice caught him off guard, and once again he realized just how wet he really was, and just from daydreaming! God, he really needed to get a grip on himself. Wait until tonight, he told himself. They could be together all night, have sex until the sun rose the next morning. It was a wonderful thought, and one that once again didn’t help his situation. Tony hoped Steve could spare a few minutes to take him to some closet and fuck him.
Their scents were mingling together quite nicely as Steve set Tony down on the cot. It looked so small, but it was apparently big enough to hold a nest. Must have been an extra large size. Steve worried it was going to tip over, but the cots were usually built pretty tough, so it might work.
Tony was then taken on an adventure through omegan fashion by the enthusiastic employee, trying on several items and deciding on a few to buy, much to his own surprise. The top he originally had looked at was added to the number of other tops and outfits he was getting. The employee was kind enough to apply a good discount to Tony’s total, as a thank you for letting him help pick out clothing. A few bonus items were also added into the bag, including a couple of colognes that were intended to help enhance Tony’s scent and some basic items to help make heats more comfortable. By the time Tony had left the store, he had a good sized bag full of clothes and bonus items, plus a coupon for the next time he visited the store.
"I don't think anything could honestly make
“I might not, but the colonel might. I’m just the weapons designer, not an actual part of the military. I don’t know their schedule or what they may need from Rogers.” Howard waved down a cab to take them away to their destination.
"Well you may not be able to get drunk, but would you consider getting a drink with me?"
The alpha looked back at the woman, his blue eyes piercing. “Where am I really?”
Watching the European countryside fly by while on the plane, Tony sighed, playing with the flap of red material he had attached to the chest piece of his suit. It covered up the glow of the reactor so he could go stealth easier. It was a last minute addition that Bucky had brought up after noticing just how bright the reactor was. Tony was glad the alpha had noticed that. Otherwise he would have been discovered far too easily during battles.
“We love you too,” Maria responded.
Tony flushed deep red, that warmth in his belly spreading lower as he shivered. “Tent… over by the medical tent…”
A short while later, another knock at the door caught James’s attention, and he went to open the door once more. This time was the boisterous fiance of Bruce at the door, a large, joyful smile on his face.
“A date, and kisses in the rain?” Maria smiled. “Sounds like a really romantic guy.”
Steve looked at Peggy, then back at the colonel. “Sir, if you’re going after Schmidt, I want in.”
“That’s not a valid reason, and I’m not technically a soldier anyways.”
“Oh, well I’m sorry to hear that. Do you normally take suppressants when you’re not in heat?”
"Ugh, fine." Tony threw his hands up in the air as he stood up, heading back to his bedroom. "If you try to make a move on me though, I'm kicking your ass out and dumping you."
“You know that’s not what I meant,” Howard said sternly. “You’re not doing much to help around here.”
“I’ll take a box of those and a glass of water with me to bed.”
“Happy doesn’t begin to describe how I feel about this,” the omega said softly, taking in Steve’s scent slowly.
Steve nodded. "Got a favourite pizza place in mind? Or will gas station pizza suffice?"
When things had settled down, Steve fell onto his side, taking Tony with him, and held the omega close. Tony had been so damn perfect for Steve that the alpha was in a daze when he came down from his orgasm high. He took in a deep breath and let it out slowly, looking down at the omega. “Are you alright,” he asked after a bit,  his voice rough and deep.
Ironically, back in America, no one knew Captain America’s omega, so Tony was an open target for anyone who walked passed him. Thankfully the terminal wasn’t too far away. Tony hurried as fast as he could without running, eager to see familiar faces again. Knowing that Jarvis would be waiting for him kept him moving, eyes straight ahead so he didn’t have to deal with the hassle of making eye contact with a random alpha.
Steve was leaving Tony behind. Steve didn’t like Tony the way Tony liked Steve. Steve was just being a gentleman because if he didn’t he’d have the wrath of Howard Stark upon him. Steve didn’t want Tony.
“You realize it’s autumn, right? We haven't even had Halloween or Thanksgiving yet! Let's save the cheesy Hallmark Christmas movies for after Thanksgiving stuffs us like the turkey we eat. But we can do some Romcoms. JARVIS, bring up something along those lines, will ya?”
Tony blinked in surprise before smirking and cupping Steve’s cheeks, “You can’t afford me.”
Both parents smiled at their son they were so incredibly proud of, and they both kissed one of Tony’s cheeks before Howard guided his son over to the machine.
“Well, I may not be able to help you much during your heat, but I can offer to help make your day better.”
Steve chuckled. "Didn't know your were into movies."
Tony flushed again. “God, you’re full of compliments tonight. I might have to tell you to stop.”
Before long they were at Peggy’s apartment building, and while Tony got out of the taxi and ran inside, Peggy paid the driver and thanked him. She hurried inside just as some small snowflakes began to float down in the chilly air. Good thing she had more coats in her apartment that the two of them could use when they headed out to the bar in their fancy clothes.
“Whatever, I’d just pick up the nearest radio and see if I could turn it into a bomb.”
Once they pulled into the private parking garage of Tony’s tower, Tony stumbled out and lead the way up to his penthouse apartment at the top where he was quick to shed his fancy clothes so he could pull on his new pajamas. Immediately, the omega felt himself relax and calm some of the lingering anxieties from the confrontation with Justin.
“Has he told you about his heart condition? Or the fact he was unable to carry our baby to term? His success in playing with his robots only risks his health. That’s why he needs an alpha to control him, to limit his little games in the lab.”
The omega purred a little bit at the praise. Briefly he was reminded of how much he missed Steve and the way he’d praise him after every little thing he did.
“Jesus, Peggy it’s freezing out here,” Tony complained as the agent put her shoes back on. “I hope you have a car or something because I’m not walking my ass all the way to your apartment.”
“I wasn’t due for another heat until next month,” Tony said, staring up at the ceiling.
