SHERLOCK
CUT TO:
John hesitates for a moment, as if contemplating something, then finally, his lips curl into a little smile. “And besides... we’re supposed to be a couple, are we not?” This time he makes sure to choose his words carefully. After all, he’s had enough of embarrassment for a day. A week, really. Much to his relief, Sherlock giggles at his remark, finally easing the tension.
FADE IN:
your brother. I understand how bloody devastating is to lose someone… someone you
“I am sorry, sir, but due to the delicacy of the situation, we are not allowed to let anyone near the patient unless you identify yourself as a relative.“
CUT TO:
He's done so much harm, Mr. Holmes. I cannot risk him bursting through my door one day to punish me for suing him.
John wavers. He doesn't like the sound of it, but doesn't protest.
“T-talk? Talk about
If he took this cigarette in this situation, it would mean that sooner or later there would come another one and then Sherlock would reach for something worse, something far more dangerous that could permanently damage him. There was still a pack of sterile syringes, after all, hidden behind sacks of pastries and cookies in one of the kitchen cabinets and even though he had no supplements at home, it was anything but an issue to obtain whatever drug Sherlock craved for.
You don't understand, do you? Neither of you is going to leave. It's time you realise that if I can't have John, nobody's going to have him. Not least you.
“Just... a small peck on the lips?”
John stirs and groans, but doesn’t open his eyes.
“It’s so you remain safe.“
A beautiful, sunny spring day, birds chirping - a small Gothic church in the frame.
so there’s nothing but my name on your gorgeous lips. You like that, hm?
, Sherlock,“ he added. “Can’t you see what a lie you’re telling yourself? You may pretend you believe this but I know you’re not. Sherlock, you – you’ve
“Good God,“ John sobbed in relief, “Sherlock,
I thought you were an assassin. Cold-hearted, calculating machine, never letting the emotions rule your mind.
On Sherlock, exchanging a look with John. Tries his best to be polite.
She aims at John, her finger on the trigger.
Sherlock titters. “I guess we'll have to figure that out.”
“Here?“ he raised an eyebrow. “In the
This time John didn’t break the kiss, this time Sherlock closed his eyes and kissed back, the most ecstatic feeling he had ever experienced. John’s lips were pliant and soft and gentle, guiding Sherlock’s until Sherlock got used to the rhythm. A moment later Sherlock found John’s fingers rushing through his hair and his other hand caressing down his cheek and jaw and neck, and his lips kissing Sherlock much more passionately, deepening the kiss. His tongue rubbed slowly across Sherlock’s bottom lip, before slipping in and teasing playfully, making Sherlock grin and laugh so much so after a couple of moments he had to pull back.
CUT TO:
“Then why aren’t you picking up your phone?“
Did you just-
I could crash right here.
“What are you doing here for God’s sake?“
I told you. I'll take everything from you, Sherlock. I'll make you suffer. I want to see, your face wither... Whatever the cost.
dying either so can we just move on, please?“
And so does Sherlock. He's trying to hide it. He can't. Not from John... Dark memories have resurfaced.
“Yeah,“ Sherlock mumbled, raising his hands to cover John’s. “The worst is that she blames me for that she lost
It's not until now that Sherlock remembers that he's, in fact, stark naked and hard.
That could’ve been only one person. Mary Watson. Sherlock frowned, she took John’s surname so proudly as if she deserved it while she was nothing but unworthy of bearing that name, at least that’s what Sherlock thought of her. He wished for never having to see this person again, he actually yearned for that woman would simply disappear like a ghost, like she never even existed. But unfortunately, the very same woman has been married to his best friend and apparently pretty fretful to have a chat. Sherlock could judge from nothing but the alarming amount of messages she sent him, but it was enough to prove it.
DR. MASON (CONT'D)
“You see? Christ, you’re not a robot. Now, get rid of that towel and get under the blanket.“
On Mycroft, leans back in his seat, carries on talking.
“I - I was wondering,“ Sherlock cleared his throat, his fingers nervously drumming on a mug. “Whether you -  I mean, you don’t seem you’re about to leave so… are you – are you going to stay for tonight?“ he bit his lip, glaring at John from under his lashes.
Mr. Holmes?
The music - it's your piece isn't it? I've heard you, while you were composing.
Mary was about to raise another objection but John snapped her, taking a small heedful step forward. “Shut up, both of you, I am not an idiot. I figured it out by
, I-” Sherlock objects but his voice slowly trails off as he notices that John has begun to unbutton his shirt. And suddenly, it's impossible to concentrate on anything else. It's not like he's never seen John shirtless, it's just that John (unlike Sherlock) doesn't tend to promenade around the flat half-naked and Sherlock has always been too respectful to exploit the semi-transparent glass door that leads from his bedroom directly into the bathroom.
back in the school or he's just naturally phenomenal at this, John thinks. He's dreamed about those perfectly shaped lips for far too long now but now, now that Sherlock's finally using that mouth and hands of his to make him feel good,
Sherlock did a double-take. “W-we?“ he gasped.
promise me a dinner, didn’t you?“ he quips, but a laugh it is nervous rather than light-hearted.
At this, John bursts into chuckles too. Leans down to kiss Sherlock.
Well, you don't seem to be fine at all, dear.
He scuttles away.
“Yeah, a kiss or two for a case? No problem.” John tries to sound casual, but his voice betrays him. Not just his voice, really, he tries to ignore the shivers crawling down his spine but to no avail. It's like his body has decided to act on its own in anticipation of what the next seven days are going to be like. He's just agreed to kiss Sherlock after all.
, please-“
A few moments later, John's coming out the kitchen - the mug in his hand. He offers it to Sherlock, who reaches for it, without a word. Just stares at John.
SHERLOCK
John. You'd... never hurt me, would you?
LESTRADE
“You said he’s at Baker Street.“ Mary smirked.“ What proof shall he have of me not being home then? I’ll be back before he returns, he might saw me leaving, but I’ll make sure no suspicions will be raised upon me.“
You just don't want to be alone.
At once, we hear a door open. Organ plays. The guests all stand up, turning to look-
SHERLOCK
You can always try.
“But the cabbie doesn’t,” Sherlock snickers.
“Nothing of concern,“ Sherlock replied. He just toyed with the notion for a second but then he wordlessly slouched down over the arm to claim a seat right next to John. The other man’s hand froze in the air as he was about to take another sip from his mug, he was ready to question Sherlock but upon seeing that tiny smile of sincerest adoration and fondness hanging upon Sherlock’s face, John simply lost the ability to speak. In that moment they needed no words however, their eyes substituted for the need of their tongues, they looked at each other in the way both of them was saving for no one else but one another. It was almost as if they could read each other’s mind this way. John didn’t even need to hear what Sherlock wanted to say, yet the younger man decided to utter the words out loud.
Certainly.
John's smile turns upside down, his left fist clenches again. This is going to be difficult.
SHERLOCK
“Yes, I do, I do, feel like
SHERLOCK
(softly)
Sherlock, fully attentive, leans forward in his seat.
FLASHBACK: The scene from HIS LAST VOW-
but he managed to bite his tongue before making such a mistake. And a mistake it would be. Sherlock had had a horrendously rough day, choosing such a time to discuss the state of their relationship after five years of dancing around one another would be quite loony and highly disrespectful.
“That’s exactly the one I was about to lend you,“ he sniggered, pointing toward now full drawer.
?“ he added with as much politeness he could gather at once. But there was not much use in that, the woman’s eyes were gliding up and down his body, she was scanning him from head to toes instead of offering permissions.
“Of course not,“ John shook his head. “I am just surprised you brought this up. Wouldn’t it be easier if we simply crawled into the bed and dozed off without having to talk about it?“
“Stop scratching it, you’re going to contaminate- Christ, you’re acting like a bloody child.“
LESTRADE
Dr. Mason, her eyes flick between Sherlock and John. She musters up a small smile.
? There's no doubt in his mind... Sherlock have just read the yet unfinished entry that John had scribbled last night.
forgive her anything so heinous. I didn’t leave her in an instant only because I trusted your judgement, despite the fact you had continued defending her and helping her, I still did. I thought you had a secret plan so Mary would pay for what she’d done, you always have one,
Silence.
Not that I'd prefer those things to be true. In retrospect, I should have been relieved to learn that I had been merely dreaming. And make no mistake, I am now The problem is, I'd failed to realise it myself. I had been tricked by my own mind, John, I've lost control. How can I possibly trust my senses now, after everything that's happened?
Late morning. On Mrs. Hudson, seated in John's chair. Cheerful.
John as close as possible, to make sure that he was not just one another hallucination or a part of his twisted dream.
John - puzzled.
“It’s named
“It’s fine, John, really, thank you. Your cup of tea is next on my list,“ Sherlock promised, trying to ignore the heat building high on his cheeks. “I-I think I may need a bath at first though. I can’t go to bed like this, can I?“ he added, attempting to banter but his sombre voice was a clear enough sign that he was hardly in the mood.
SHERLOCK
Last night... You knew I didn't want to talk about it. You know what those nightmares are about, don't you?
John stares at him for solid five seconds then bursts into a laugh. “Sherlock, it doesn’t work like that. I can’t just... say something like that on
, whom I am
“No, no, of course
“Oh, God no, I am just really getting old, John,“ Sherlock pouted, but John could notice he was in fact having a hard time trying to suppress a grin.
“John, how did you-“
Are you not going to pick me up?
We... we did? Oh, God, we did.
Sherlock, sitting in the bed - on his own phone, typing away. Seems to be in a much better state than before. Lively, vigilant, in a better mood.
Sherlock swallows. He so wishes he could.
“I don’t mind you taking my things into your own possession. You can do whatever you want with this room since it’s now
SHERLOCK
“Don’t you always sleep naked?“
But... That doesn't make any sense. Those things... happened two years ago.
doing that.
“Wait, you mean that-that you are… a
“Are you all right?“
Wider: He clutches his wound, tries to take a step but staggers, starts to fall on his knees.
“So you imitated James Bond for nothing,“ John attempted to flash Sherlock a smile but his lips tugged into rather a tense crook instead.
Sherlock, takes a deep breath, takes both of John's hands into his.
Mary’s words were toxic, poisoning John, he didn’t understand how she could’ve been so vile and cruel. She admitted that all what she’s done was just a part of some sick plan how to not lose him, but she felt no regret. She was cold and vicious, manipulating everyone she came to contact with, even her own husband. John now understood that the only person Mary cared about was herself and no one else. She wanted to have John, but not because of a love that was pure, she loved him, but in her own twisted devastating way.
fire the bullet.“
“Well, we were talking and then you-“
“No more, no less.”
,“ Sherlock groaned, staring at Mary with nothing on his mind but how gratefully he would see her suffering.
“Sorry,“ John chuckled as he closed the wardrobe. “I guess I should’ve asked beforehand.“
“I take that back. You're such a pain in the arse.”
“Fuck,
How... how can I possibly be okay when you got shot? And it's all
“John, I-I-”
“M-my own
She's going to what?
What's this about?
... things. Experiments.
SHERLOCK
Dr. Mason had walked in.
But John couldn’t blame him. He wasn’t able to be open about his feelings either, they were both scared of each other’s reaction, both were just dancing around one another for years without knowing, without willing to take the risk. Up until then at least. Sherlock seemed to be ready to reveal everything, right then and then.
-there is a dog sitting next to his leg. A bloodhound.
It's original.
A hair.
having his hair petted.“ He buried his fingers into the midst of Sherlock’s dark curls, trifling with the thick strands of hairs.
“If you won’t put that gun down then yes.“
Greg! Hi. Sorry we've kept you waiting.
MARY (V.O.)
“Well, I guess I am just so used to all the mess that I wouldn’t even change a bit about it. It
On Sherlock's face again: Raw shock. Eyes glassy, lips quivering. The most devastating, earth-shattering realisation...
John nearly said that he’d already been
Thought so. Lestrade's been pestering me ever since I told him you'd woken up. He expected you to immediately dive back into action.
At that exact moment, Sherlock's phone rings in his hand. In an instant, he answers it.
Albeit slightly disoriented and dopey, John eventually manages to rise to his feet and after a couple of moments of staggering through the pitch dark bedroom he finally crashes into the bed and drifts off...
to let me see him,“ Sherlock demanded, not even minding he said all of that stuff out loud.
? What if the door suddenly opens?”
My battery's dead. I pickpocketed one of the nurses. Can you come? Please.
He musters up a smile, not very convincing.
“Still. You must have realised by now, this is hardly a simple matter of two people separating for good, John. Mycroft... Mycroft can't help us anymore, no one will, we are almost powerless. I promise I'll try to get you out of this if you truly want but for now I suggest to wait, for your own safety. You currently have no better option, since leaving her so spontaneously could result in a disaster. If you truly won't change your mind even once your…
Sherlock all but rolls his eyes. “It's Harrington.
“That was
“Yes, I am
Angelo’s amiable face happens to be the first thing John notices upon stepping inside. He founds himself a tad anxious at first, considering the only people he’s been interacting with in the past seven months were Sherlock, his doctors and only scarcely Mrs Hudson but Angelo appears to be so ecstatic to see them again he probably doesn’t even care to notice the scars on John’s face. Further to John’s relief, the restaurant seems to be nearly empty.
“I've known him only for two minutes and he's already on the list of my least favourite people.”
(over his shoulder)
SHERLOCK
“Sherlock, slow down a little, please,“ John breathed, quite reluctantly pulling back from nibbling his neck. He glancedback at Sherlock so he could lock their lips and pacify him, but found himself just staring stupidly at Sherlock’s flushing face and his pupils so dilated so there was no blue nor turquoise in his eyes but plain, raw desire. The mere notion that Sherlock was craving for him so much was enough to change John’s mind in an instant.
And... Open.
“So you’re just passing time.“
is that no one, not least
A view of the stairs that lead up to John's bedroom.
“I reckon it comes as no surprise to you that I've never, you know,
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
CUT TO:
of being careful. Who knows what that woman is up to? She was ready to kill you, Sherlock, remember? She was aiming for your
I am going to propose to Sherlock tonight.
obvious and what is not.“
“I am sorry, but it's true,” he laughs once again after Sherlock shifts to kiss his neck. “I've never had the guts to tell you and now that I finally can, I am not shutting up anytime soon.”
,” John groaned, throwing his arms in the air. That was the last straw. Heartbroken and exasperated, he started to head toward the stairs, determined to leave but just before reaching the door, he turned on his heels again and pointed his shaking finger at Sherlock.
MRS. HUDSON
SHERLOCK
actually,“ Sherlock tittered.
John and Sherlock, finally, they're alone.
“Yes, we will,“ Mycroft nodded, fingers drumming over the handle of his umbrella. “Now I wonder why you didn’t contact me sooner. It would have saved us a lot of trouble.“
MRS. HUDSON
Mary smirks. Her eyes are on Sherlock, but she's addressing her words to John.
Wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders, he immediately leans in for another kiss, which, however, results in mere bumping of lips, for neither of them can seem to be able to stop smiling.
Abruptly, Sherlock stops mid-step, turns to look.
Don't. Dwelling upon the past is pointless, Sherlock.
(off-screen)
Imagine thinking it was real.
John reaches into the pocket of his jacket, takes a small black box out of it. Opens it, puts it on the table.
“Sherlock?“
“S-sorry,” he coughs, still blowing out smoke as he fumbles to put out the cigarette.
(The following couple of scenes are a montage of Sherlock and John solving various cases. Light music in the background. Several weeks pass.)
“Whatever you two want,
John - clenches his left hand. Full of suppressed rage.
he wants to talk. About the two of them and their relationship, the kiss they shared the other night and now there’s the darn cigarette too but in the same time, he’s well aware that opening his heart to Sherlock could potentially lead to several disastrous outcomes, and that is a risk he is not willing to take just yet.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“I have no time for storytelling, what did he say?“ Sherlock’s almost magically newfound energy spurred him to jump off the chair and then all he needed was just one long step and he was already face to face with Mrs Hudson.
he decided to distant himself from emotions like that was still unknown to him.
“Christ, Sherlock! Then why didn't you let me know? As soon as I was safe? Why did you have to wait for two years?”
“...Yeah.”
“I am afraid that might be the case… It seems you’ve changed your mind pretty fast,“ Sherlock remarked. “Few minutes ago those mails were just a spam.“
His voice has turned somewhat serious but John tries not to let it concern him. He props himself up on his elbow and gives an encouraging nod, for Sherlock actually seems to need some encouragement right now.
You don't remember much, do you?
. Your favourite, by the way,“ he smiles softly as he returns back to his microscope to inspect a drop of something John doesn’t dare to identify.
“Yes, John,“ Sherlock nodded, pronouncing out loud what had been going through John’s head. “Mary was one of the snipers at the pool.“
Slowly, Mary turns to look at Sherlock. She has sort of a mock-surprised expression on her face.
“John? Everything okay?”
“That I'd miss you?” John's voice quivered but the words were as sharp as a knife cutting through the air and pierced right through Sherlock's heart, shattering it into billions of pieces. He was staring right into Sherlock's eyes now, his whole body shivering.
Sherlock...
Holding on John, there's a light tap at the door. He turns to look.
I'd rather not. Because the things you've just told me about have nothing whatsoever to do with reality, Sherlock.
On John plodding down the street, gloomy, brooding.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
A beat.
Lestrade's eyes flick between him and John, but he doesn't ask questions. Doesn't want to know.
I am not mad. I am just afraid you didn't think this through.
“I... I think we should kiss
“L-listen, Sherlock, it hurts, it does, so much. I’ve been so excited to see my daughter grow. I’ve looked pass all the doubt I’d had because for one blissful moment I believed that Mary would never do this to me. But then she did even worse, something unforgivable. I've lost my faith in her, my trust. I want to cut all the ties with her, immediately and once and for all. Sherlock, please understand, trust me, Sherlock, when I say that it's you who means the most to me. Not Mary.
“Open your mouth, please,“ John requests,
SHERLOCK
“Sherlock,“ he breathed out, his voice at first higher than he intended it to sound so he had to clear his throat. “What you told Mary… you-you know what I mean, was it all true? Or was it just another one of your tricks? Did you mean any of that?“
Three seconds later, John’s hands were grasping Sherlock’s thighs again as he pounded into him faster, building up the pace. John didn’t lean into a kiss this time, he kept his eyes fixed on Sherlock who seemed to be getting entirely lost in bliss.
“Careful, it’s hot,“ he warns John, but being so captivated by Sherlock’s voluptuous lips, John’s barely registering the words that leave his mouth. Before as much as realising what on earth he’s doing he lifts himself on his tiptoes, planting a quick peck on Sherlock’s red cheek, the urge to do it suddenly much stronger than himself or anything that has ever prevented him from doing so.
“Shh,“ John left another peck, this time over Sherlock’s shoulder. “Come now. Lie down and don’t think about it anymore. I don’t want from you to relive those dark moments, so please, try to forget about it now and gets some sleep. You desperately need it and don’t you dare to protest. For how long have you’ve been neglecting sleep?“
CUT TO:
,” he gulps, lowering his voice to a nervous whisper. “Sherlock, if he starts asking questions, we're screwed. We can't tell him the truth and I doubt he'd be particularly understanding even if we did... Jesus, what if he calls the police?”
This is not a game, John.
Doors slam behind her. Sherlock lets out a heavy, exasperated sigh.
“I don’t understand. Am I doing something
“What...
That people's money are safe nowhere.
what’s going on in here. A little secret, Sherlock, a one you should have been probably aware of in the first place. I have my relations among those who are in touch with your brother. You’ve learnt things that could seriously damage me, you were gathering evidence to
On the stairs, as we watch Sherlock and John ascend.
“W-what the hell are you talking about? Sherlock, what is she talking about?“
Touch me.
“That message says it
talk about it,“ John suggested, cutting the silence that once again descended for a brief moment. Sherlock offered an immediate response, his voice creepily calm and low all of a sudden.
“Wait, what, why? Are you in pain? Is it your leg? Your scar? Or is it- is it my bed, are you not comfortable? Are my pillows not soft enough? I can-“
“Patience to deal with annoying people.”
I know you do and I know it sounds insane to you, frankly, it sounds insane to me too, but having memories of those moments does not make them true, Sherlock. Dreams that occur during a coma can be extremely vivid. They might seemed real to you but-
“John-“
I suppose it is, isn't it.
they were about to ever had sex together. John had to admit that he probably wouldn’t even mind if Sherlock needed months or even years to take this very last step. He was determined to taboo this subject however, until they
wait.“
“This is ridiculous, completely and utterly
A second later John's running a hand up Sherlock's bare thigh, rolling up his gown, then lifts him up and puts him on the kitchen table. Several flasks, pipes and glasses fall on the floor, shattering into pieces.
LESTRADE
“Well, she’s your wife, she’s got every right to know why you haven’t spent a night at home,“ Sherlock pointed out. “What if it’s important?“
A desperate scream escaped his throat, he was crying for help until his throat was sore and every uttered word hurt and he could barely draw a breath. But nothing hurt as much as the sight of John’s life slipping in between his fingers. Nothing could cause him more pain than a possibility of John Watson being gone forever.  So he was keep going, trying to bring him back to earth, but his body betrayed him. It was shaking, quivering, Sherlock could merely control the movement of his hands, not least stop the tears that were flowing down his cheeks in streams.
Always.
even, but John could hardly blame him given the circumstances. Sherlock didn’t utter a single word ever since they got into the car, ignoring each and every single one of John’s attempts to distract him. He barely scowled at the annoying cabbie who kept asking him and John such inappropriate questions. John, albeit so enormously irritated, at least tried to be polite but Sherlock couldn’t be bothered to listen. Even the weather seemed to reflect Sherlock’s mood quite faithfully - gloomy, dismal and miserable. Sherlock resembled a lifeless puppet, glaring absently out the window.
Sherlock looking through the microscope.
Sherlock wraps his arms around John's back, pulls him closer as they kiss. John has already climbed on the top of Sherlock, but then-
It couldn’t.
Fifteen minutes later they’re sitting at the wicker table on the balcony, a tray of neatly arranged breakfast and two still steaming cups of coffee between them. But while John has already loaded his plate with food, Sherlock seems to be having a hard time deciding whether to put jam or cheese on his toast.
“Yes, of course. And I am sorry again,” Lidia gives a small nervous nod and turns to leave. Only once after her footsteps die down Sherlock shuts the door and with a heavy sigh turns to John.
Mrs. HUDSON
“Am I not?“
win until she has you dead and that is never going to happen, Sherlock,“ John objected, taking a few steps closer to him. “Think rationally. If she wants to kill you, you should stop making it any easier for her.
“Where the bloody hell did you pullthose number from?“ John giggles, tapping Sherlock's chin ever so lovingly.
John and Sherlock cutting the cake; feeding each other the wedding cake.
Just like in HIS LAST VOW. Mary smirks, pulls the trigger. Shots Sherlock, right through his heart.
Good girl.
“That’s how many times you’ve uttered the word ‘
Robberies? Not exactly my cup of tea.
he really isn’t dreaming, but he immediately closes them again because Sherlock is
A moment later, finally, he recognises the person's voice. A tender, soothing voice, trying to calm him down.
I love you. I want
reptile eyes, cold and merciless, not a
SHERLOCK
Calm down John. I am going to spare you the sight of your boyfriend writhing in agony when I paint these walls with his blood.
JOHN (CONT'D)
“Sherlock, stop jesting around, this is serious,“ John snarled. “I didn’t say you can’t leave the flat, I said that you’re not going to go to that house by yourself. I allowed you to do what you wish as long as you’re going to be careful. This is the right
LESTRADE
On John - looking at Sherlock, almost as if deducing him. He seems to understand.
You had another nightmare, didn't you?
“No, of course not,“ Sherlock shakes his head, his tone, however, mock serious. “I did so only because we’re getting free food here.“
soft and comfortable. In fact I am a little jealous.“
“Look,“ John started, cautiously choosing the words he was about to say, “I’ve promised your brother that I’ll look after you and there’s
SHERLOCK
With a shy little chuckle John tackles him down on the mattress again and settles himself on top, their lips several inches apart and limbs tangled. There's but one thing they're both yearning for. Ever so slowly, John begins to roll his hips, rubbing their cocks and making Sherlock moan and writhe uncontrollably beneath him.
work?”
Certainly. I'd help your mum change the locks, had you come sooner.
“What?”
“You’re pretty wonderful yourself, Sherlock Holmes,“ John all but coos, his smile widening even more as he watches Sherlock’s cheeks turn red again.
(They talk in whispers.)
“You seemed to not care about her anymore,“ Sherlock protested. “You even advised me to give up on her, remember? I thought you wouldn’t care about this little detail either.“
Sherlock: shyly.
“We’re not nearly finished yet,“ John murmurs. Sherlock tries to at least guess what could possibly follow but he has to admit he’s clueless, not even realising what is inevitably about to happen once he so casually asks for a hint.
It's not my place to say. Just a piece of advice. Don't waste your chances. You might regret it for the rest of your life.
“I haven't,” John cuts him off, sounding a lot more determined than he feels. Sherlock's right, they haven't locked lips since the first and only time and there's no guarantee that their second attempt won't end similarly awkwardly. And more so because they're in public. But
idea... how glad I am that you got rid of that moustache,” Sherlock added between the kisses, and in turn, made John giggle even harder. Which is why they weren't exactly
“I-I was about to ask you the same thing,“ Sherlock blurts out, drawing back at least an inch to retain the control over his insane desire for John’s lips.
are you lying to me?“ John wails, raising his voice. “You’ve never cared before my life went to shit. You’re just saying all that to make me feel better, are you not? I-I do appreciate you’re trying, but it’s
but he concludes that it must have been just his drowsy mind deceiving him.
Sherlock had not realised soon enough that showing off his body like that wasn’t probably the wisest idea considering that John had not seen his scarred back yet. Mentally cursing himself for making such a stupid mistake, he risked a glance behind his shoulder, only to see that John still didn’t manage to close his mouth yet.
Sherlock snapped again, hissing at his own obnoxious mind for that it kept wandering away. He was glad no one saw him at that moment, wet, ragged and dirty, on the verge of another emotional breakdown, desperately trying to hush himself. As it turned out three second later, however, he was not nearly as alone as he thought. The moment he reached for the doorknob the doors flew open all of a sudden, John’s immensely concerned face peeking from inside the room.
. John shakes his head, as if to get rid of those thoughts. Sherlock would never-
“Sherlock. Kitchen.
He throws a look at John -
Fairly.
Sherlock was roaming through the city for well over an hour already, shivering in cold, his suit soaking wet even though the rain had ceased already and his feet as tired as if he’d just travelled miles, the truth, however, was that he wasn’t walking so aimlessly anymore. Soon he recognised the old, shabby buildings, buildings he remembered seeing earlier that day, a narrow block of fire brick and slate grey walls that were lining the road from each side. He walked slouched for another few minutes, his steps becoming less and less confident until he stopped at once, anxiously gulping at the sight of a tall, iron gate that appeared in front of him.   What lied behind the fence had been a world of its own, peaceful but mysterious, resting beneath the crowns of giant, ancient oaks.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck. For the love of... Sherlock... just...”
“No, no, no, it’s all okay, Sherlock.“ John couldn’t keep his eyes dry anymore, despite trying to convince himself how silly was to cry over such things. “You have all the time in the world. I didn’t mean to sound like I am persuading you into something you don’t want. I am sorry, love, I am sorry, I-hey, what’s wrong?“ John frowned once Sherlock’s face stiffened and his mouth fell open in an inaudible gasp.
Dr. Mason gives another nod, then turns to leave.
“See? She’s got a personal motive now, a couple of ones in fact. And besides, she’s nothing like Moriarty or Magnussen, they had plans how to destroy innocent masses of people, through one way or another. They’ve tormented but they were never willing to get their own hands dirty with blood. Mary is far worse,“ John said in a broken voice, a voice that was filled with so much worry and even fear that Sherlock’s eyes welled up for a second.
I thought it was obvious. I want Sherlock to pay. I lured you out, because I wanted him to worry about you. Funny, you'd come only if I threatened him.
This memory was however still one that was always worth remembering. Especially now, once Sherlock finally spotted that tall, lurid building he was supposed to enter. Its grey, somewhat blurred silhouette has been surmounting above the rest of the district like a mountain soaring above the forest. It seemed that Mary had a thing for such eerie, florid places. Sherlock was sure that this particular house must be one of those already abandoned mansions that maybe belonged to one of her many ancestors decades ago. She apparently decided to confront Sherlock in the most pompous fashion.
need help, I should have let him. I am lost, I am
What does that have to do with you?
Her smiles fades. Glances at the door, then back at John.
John, tears starting in his eyes. It hurts too much, he finds it difficult to talk.
Let him stay.
“You already apologised.“
“Maybe, but-“
“Well, yesterday we’ve agreed on that we’re not ready to talk about our feelings just yet… and look where we are today, John. “
John's smile only grows bigger. He's gazing right into Sherlock's eyes.
“It’s… it’s fine,“ John stammers, attempting to fib but his voice betrays him. Sherlock instinctively reaches for John’s hand, in public or not, he doesn’t care, not when John needs him so, not when he can tell he’s not quite as fine as he claims.
Sherlock: flustered, blushing. He repeats the line, this time, at a slow pace.
“Yes, Sherlock,“ he said at once, his voice shaking a little, “I would admit it. I wouldn’t- I’ve never actually- Oh, fuck this, yes for God’s sake, I
Sherlock sniffs. Finally looks at John, emotions boiling over.
“Sherlock,
“Mhm, well, you’re
Sherlock takes a deep breath, a big sigh of relief. He nods toward the nurse, heads for the door that lead to John's ward.
SHERLOCK
about me but-“
“N-nothing, you just-you just called me
Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, letting out a deep, exhausted sigh. “You don't understand.”
“Wait. Are you... you're being serious,” John licks his lips, a frown on his face.
John - appears to be surprised, but doesn't mention it.
SHERLOCK
to understand.
“Have you gone mad?“ Mycroft exclaimed. “We’re pretty close from clipping her wings, if you’re going to ruin-“
CUT TO:
-not a dream.
?” John huffed in disbelief. “I thought you were
As in... Boyfriends?
(softly)
,” he squirms which almost makes John stop in fear that he has taken it too far, but Sherlock has only shifted forward on the chair. John has to wonder if Sherlock is too getting chills because he most certainly is. This has to be the most daring thing he’s ever done and to his relief, Sherlock not only doesn’t seem to mind, he seems to be actually... enjoying it? John doesn’t get to ask, however, he’s interrupted by the waitress that’s just showed up to take their orders. Flushing, John immediately withdraws his foot and throws an embarrassed look at Sherlock, practically begging him to say something,
“Ridiculous.“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, but his still hoarse and gruff voice unveiled the truth behind his feelings. Despite he had intentions to show weakness in front of anyone, not least his older sibling, his tearful red eyes were enough of an evidence to prove that he spent the last few hours crying.
John and Sherlock at Scotland Yard, standing a few feet away from police men that are discussing an evidently boring case. Neither of them seems to be particularly interested in what is being talked about.
are the one.”
“That’s… that’s not true, John.“ Sherlock purses his lips, his gaze falling upon a large, irregular cluster of dark scars that stretch from above John’s left eyebrow, down across his damaged eye and cheek. Three months have passed since John got shot. Lucky enough to survive, inexplicably so, but the consequences were dreadful. Half of his face mangled, blind in left eye, viscerally hating what has become of him. He’s been rejecting Sherlock ever since the moment he found himself in hospital, but Sherlock would rather die the worst death than give up on him.
Ms. Ronder, my name's Sherlock Holmes. Let us talk, please. We're here to help.
you’d regret it. What was I supposed to do, John? Make sure she would rot in the jail? What about the baby? You haven’t told me about your suspicions, you haven’t told me how you’d felt, you’ve told me
“Really?“
“Sherlock, come on, what is it this time?“ John once again closed the gap between them. He was practically burning with sensation upon approaching Sherlock. “A serial killer? Gang of thugs? Glowing foxes?“
No, don't worry, that's alright. You've pulled through, that's all that matters right now.
There goes the warm fuzzy feeling again. First they hold hands, now a dinner like
? How so?“
“I-I’ve been thinking about asking you for a couple of days now,“ Sherlock says, awkwardly clearing his throat. “This isn’t exactly how I imagined the moment to go, but I might as well do it anyway. Do you – do you remember how you suggested I should go out and… get some air for a change?“
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“Don’t skimp on it. I have a very sensitive skin.”
“Little detail?“ John raised an eyebrow. “This is
because of what I have put on my blog, are you?” he finally utters after a moment, but the red in his cheek doesn't fade.
tell him where are you going,“ Mary concluded, peering over Sherlock who however insisted on what he said before.
“I’ll lead. If I may?“ John suggested, once after they stood still in the middle of the room already, ever so gently, carefully placing his hand on Sherlock’s waist. John couldn’t not notice the light shade of pink his cheeks were painted with. He could feel Sherlock shivering beneath his touch, his breath quickening and his eyes... avoiding John’s at all cost.
“Why-why are you saying all that
He walks to the kitchen, turns on the kettle.
I... remembered. Something... something important.
“The... key card. In my pocket...”
But I don't know you. You're not even supposed to know the things you do. I haven't told anyone.
SHERLOCK
Sherlock's lips spread into the giddiest grin. “Oh, definitely,” he giggles, then rolls over John and kisses him. “Whatever happened to you not willing to take it further than kissing?”
don’t want to do this, then I’ll put this thing back into the drawer and we can just forget about it. Just tell me what you want, okay?“
“I just can’t possibly imagine what – are you – you’re pouring...
John shook his head and gave an ironic chuckle. “Jesus, you have some audacity, I'll give you that.”
Jesus, what am I saying. Screw this.
We've done several additional tests and your results, Mr. Holmes, are better than good. In short, you're just a few necessary formalities away from going home.
John drew his hand back after a second, but only very reluctantly, as if he was afraid that Sherlock would start gabbling once his mouth was free again. But he didn’t. He took a deep breath and apologised instead, blushing like he was a little boy who’s done something rather inappropriate and should be ready to be reprimanded.
“To hell with patience,“ Sherlock half-chuckles, half-whines, but begs no more, letting out an exasperated sigh. “Do you even realise that your lips taste much better than strawberries, John?“
It's alright. It's okay, Sherlock, You're safe with me.
Mary... After what she did to you?
“What about the fact that there’ll be no one to disturb us?“ John pointed out with a suggestive smile. “Mrs Hudson had walked in on us
“Make a complete mess out of me? Most certainly,“ Sherlock guffawed, wrapping his arms around John’s shoulders. “Look at me, I am a flushing, laughing, crying, soppy, hair-ruffled and lips-swollen mess.“
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
It didn't strike me as odd at first. It does now. It's not that you didn't look good, but, um-
At once, he falls backwards, slams down on the floor, groaning in pain. Blood pouring out of the wound, tears streaming down his face. With an effort, he opens his mouth, as if trying to speak, but his voice cracks. Too weak.
Just like old times, then?
Well... yes. Because I thought... I was terrified. I still am. I thought I... I thought I was going to lose you.
but empty phrases, Sherlock. Please, don’t expect me to take it any seriously.“
That being said, he and Sherlock quickly and surprisingly effortlessly become immersed in, not only the most delicious food but also in an extremely flirty conversation and fail to notice that the man they were supposed to be keeping an eye on has already left. John doesn’t even realise that they’ve essentially botched up their job until he and Sherlock retreat to their room...
SHERLOCK
You were considering a three?
There's a sound of footsteps approaching.
“I remember, yes, I remember everything. All those moments that made my heart flutter, all those times we touched, all those times I made you laugh. But this moment, Sherlock, this moment I will remember the most.“
, we're not supposed to check out for another five days, so... We might as well... I thought we could perhaps, you know, make the best of the situation and... er... take a break from stalking people and solving crimes and whatnot and simply... enjoy Spain like regular people do?”
“Because
, John,“ Sherlock said softly. “For us. I won’t let her destroy what we have and the only way to achieve that is to catch her before she finds a way to disappear or worse – before she decides to hurt us first. A scenario more likely to happen. I assume she blames me for that she shot you, John. I saw it in her eyes, she was
“Shhh, it’s okay, now hush,“ John whispered, taking Sherlock into his arms. “I’d suggest not mentioning Mary’s name in this room ever again, okay? Especially not while we’re in bed.“
you want to eat out?“ Sherlock asks, having to shut his inner self from screaming
A beat on John. Wavers for another second, then he gives a nod. Takes a seat in his chair. Eyes still on Sherlock.
John’s face withered like a dead flower. Bright pink of his cheeks diffused into pale colour, gone was even the cheerful spark from his silver-blue eyes.
The door opens, John steps into the hallway, looking as exhausted and miserable as ever. As he begins to pull off his coat, we hear an anxious voice coming from the flat downstairs.
SHERLOCK
It's okay.
“What do you mean?“ Sherlock scowled in confusion. “I thought that we’re-“
A beat.
“Right? About what?“
John doesn’t need to be told twice. He brushes the curls off Sherlock’s forehead, ever so carefully proceeding to wrap the silk cloth around his head, remembering to assure Sherlock that they will stop whenever he wishes.
… h-hey, what are you doing with him?“
Later that night.
“You and I both know that I’ve always meant to be alone, John,“ Sherlock muttered after a moment, words painful and dreadful enough to remind John how vulnerable Sherlock in fact was. He wasn’t what people thought him to be, not a machine of any sort. Sherlock was scared and lonely, grieving the loss of his dear brother no matter what ruses he was trying to sell. But he couldn’t fool John. Sherlock was suffering, immensely so and John could see right through him at last, read him like an open book although the reason
John chuckled sadly, talking to the floor again rather than Sherlock himself. As it seemed, Sherlock wasn’t the only one hesitating to make eye contact at the moment.
Hm. Not nearly enough for me to draw a valuable conclusion. I am afraid I can't help.
Sherlock quite reluctantly pulled the pillow down so he could speak. “Don’t tell me you’re surprised, John, I couldn’t have even kissed you properly at first.“
SHERLOCK
“ John growled, not missing a beat. He squeezed Sherlock’s thigh before carefully pressing his finger inside him, preparing him slowly, taking his time before adding the second one. Sherlock hissed softly at the contact, so quietly so it was barely audible because of the water that was roaring so loudly.
John catches himself opening and closing his mouth so stupidly, unable to offer an immediate reply so he rather responses with another kiss, kiss that speaks louder than a thousand words.
-the sitting room.
get to her, no matter how hard I try.  So she’s laughing right at my face. If I am right and this is her who’s threating me- no of course it’s
Forget about it.
Fuck, that feels amazing, I-I-”
, of all people. That’s why I panicked a little, you see where I am going with this? John, maybe I am wrong- don’t look at me like that, please-“ Sherlock rolled his eyes, “but since we’re now so open with each other- “
Turtle?
“It’s been worth the wait, John,“ Sherlock murmurs, words trapped between their parted lips. John suddenly finds it a lot harder to think of anything but kissing Sherlock, breathing in the air Sherlock exhales.
Dr. Mason, makes a note.
. But I am not afraid of confessing any more. Love is... strength, it is, it’s beautiful, it’s pure, it’s the force that pushes you forward no matter what, it’s something... something I thought I didn’t deserve, but… it wasn’t true. People were wrong,
MRS. MERRILOW
Sherlock, contemplative.
to order the food? Do you realise that the only thing I can say in Spanish is
SHERLOCK
Because we have more important things to do today.
Sherlock approaches the door.
“To be honest, John, I was thinking of something perhaps a little bit more...
dates,“ he remarks, using his fingers to count. John instantly melts again, his heart fluttering from how adorable Sherlock actually is.
“But I thought-“
It's just these nightmares that-
He grabs his phone from the nightstand, thinking he might as well try to call Sherlock, but just as he puts the phone to his ear, he notices the balcony door is slightly ajar, and the curtains are half-closed, almost like purposefully obscuring the view through the window. It doesn’t take Sherlock himself to figure out. That must be where he’s... hiding? Looks like he
Sherlock huffed. “Why don't you take me seriously anymore? I'd do
Dr. Watson... I know you're worried, but there's only so much you can do right now. Your friend's tired, he needs to rest.
(listens)
John gives him the look.
MS. RONDER
Sherlock seemed to be so convinced of the trueness of that statement, so much so John actually had to decide not keeping his thoughts and feelings for himself only anymore, despite being so unsure whether it was right to give away anything just yet.
“I don't understand. I asked nicely.”
Sherlock shuddered, trying to brush off that venomous voice that had been whispering to him. Clouding his mind with such unpleasant thoughts was quite imprudent at the moment, especially because his body had dozed off already, turning so numb he could barely stand on his feet.
DR. MASON
. John playfully nudges Sherlock’s arm before he leans back in his seat, feigning annoyance. “Shut up, you
DR. MASON
And that is?
John's gazing at Sherlock, enamoured, but he looks a bit nervous too. He's got something on his mind.
Where's John?
“Jesus,” John breathes out, dazzled by the sight above him. “I am running out of superlatives here.”
Yes. I did make a guess.
Sherlock looks him up and down, wondering whether to inquire or not but in the end, he decides against it and gives just a soft smile instead.
Sherlock's head falls backward, he moans and gasps, letting the warm water pour over his face and down his body. Instinctively, he drags his fingers across John's scalp, grips his damp hair and thrusts into his mouth, once, twice, craving more friction. He can feel John swallowing around his cock, his tongue rubbing vigorously against the hot flesh, and God, he is already
John sighed, he was anything but pleased with what Sherlock was planning to do, but trying to reason with him was useless. “I guess you’re right,“ he nodded at once but still avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “Honestly, I will, feel better knowing that she’s not running freely around. Do what you must, but for God’s sake, be
? Wouldn't notice?”
But as soon as he finally spotted John in the doorway, he stiffened in one place in utter confusion. Almost as if Sherlock forgot that John had moved back in.
considering how terrible at that kind of stuff they're both are.
, you bloody ingenious
(chuckles)
“You didn’t insult me,“ Sherlock mumbled, now standing frozen in the middle of the room, eyes pinned down upon the floor tiles.
Same as before. A little, shy girl sitting in the client chair.
John and Sherlock's first dance. Slowly swaying to the music - a single violin, surrounded by their friends and family.
Sherlock closed his eyes, taking a pause to compose himself. Admitting how he felt wasn’t something he’d got particularly used to just yet, most certainly not in John's presence. Not to mention how difficult it was trying to persuade not only John but also himself alone that Mary was trustworthy enough now, that she had changed for better, because who wouldn’t do that for John Watson and his child? The possibility that he had been wrong about her again and so he had been partially, albeit unintentionally, responsible for putting John through something that brought him so much pain instead of happiness was so terrifying that Sherlock simply denied to accept that. Deliberatedly or not, however, the knowledge that Mary was hurting John again, made the blood boil in his veins. And yet he tried to convince himself that it must have been just a momentary issue, a misunderstanding, still believing that John was meant to be with
It took him quite long until he could function properly again. At least half-properly. Sherlock knew that if he was going to crouch there idly, letting his mind to wander off again, all those hallucinations might come back again so he rather got up, turned around and left the bathroom, walking back toward the sitting room.
“Someone’s better be dying,“ Sherlock ranted out loud, reaching for the device to figure out who on earth is molesting him in such tiresome manner. He was ready to simply turn it off and forget about it, but he changed his mind the second upon reading the very first message that has been received about ten minutes ago. The text itself wasn’t any engrossing, yet it caught his entire attention and from that moment on his eyes were fixed solely on the screen of his phone.
, John,“ Sherlock remarked. “And Mrs Hudson might not be around, but that big bulky bull with barely any neck is still downstairs, John and I don’t
SHERLOCK
What. I can't ask her out. We're colleagues. She's... I don't even...
Is everything alright? You seem-
, John,“ Sherlock sighed. “You’re scared I may be about to do something utterly ridiculous. I will repeat myself when I say that I am
John tries to avoid her gaze.
POLICE OFFICER
off,“ he chuckles, taking John’s hand into his own but before rolling off the bed his gaze falls upon the disused scarf laying atop the sheets. He reaches for it with a smirk, tossing it in John’s direction afterwards.
Sherlock takes a moment to savour that smile, then smirks, leaning forward in his seat. “Such a shame. I would
(pats his pocket)
doesn’t even begin to cover it, Sherlock. It looks
On Sherlock: staring at the door, almost as if afraid to enter.
DR. MASON
Wake up.
“Yes-“
SHERLOCK
John embraces him. Sherlock wraps his arms around John's shoulders.
“If you wanted to have a chat we could’ve gone and have a cup of coffee, sit down or whatever people do while chatting,“ Sherlock uttered, mock seriously. “What is this charade good for?“
“Alright,
had sex with the man he loves and needs the most in the world and it was utterly fantastic and that alone is surreal enough and quite difficult to process. John can't confess his love now, the possibility that Sherlock could
There was nothing Sherlock could’ve done or say to contradict Mycroft’s words. It was nothing but true after all, John has saved his life so many times Sherlock had already lost count. He couldn’t give up after everything they’ve been through, he owed John that one and besides, the faith was all he had left, the last straw he could grasp on.
SHERLOCK
then materialised literally out of nowhere right in the middle of my engagement and thought I'd find it funny if he cracked a joke about my terrible moustache.”
Sherlock looks up at him, blinks.
“I am dealing with a stubborn child here,“ Mycroft growled. “But fine, as you wish. What if I suggested that you and Dr Watson would stay
What. Aren't you happy?
, John,“ Sherlock breathed out, then pursed his lips. “Once you… came out, that moment was a big eye-opener for me. Not because the fact that you are attracted to man would be
Good morning to you too.
SHERLOCK
“Come on, Sherlock, whatever it is I promise I
?” Almost feels like he’s being pranked.
A few seconds pass before Sherlock walks into the frame.
John's voice, calling from somewhere in the distance, repeating Sherlock's name, over and over.
. Obviously. I have made that fairly clear the very first night at Angelo’s, John, that I am
The man laughs. “You're funny.”
Same shot - Sherlock climbs into the bed, snuggles close to him. John smiles softly at him then focuses back on the screen of his laptop.
On John's face: A mix of surprise and hurt.
you. Between you and me he didn't even look-”
I ruined it,“ John sighed at last, shutting the door behind him with much more force he had intended to.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
Jump at each other again?
John sniffs, harshly, but he knows better than doing anything stupid. He exchanges a look with Sherlock, then looks back at Marco, smiling angrily.
John nearly tackled Sherlock down on the floor, locking their lips in a fierce, sloppy kiss, full of tongues and cacophony of incoherent noises escaping their throats, hands searching for more contact and crumpling each other’s shirt. It was a kiss they had been waiting for, desperate, passionate, intense, lasting until they were both panting and moaning, dancing long forgotten.
Most likely, yes. That was very clever of you, John.
(off-screen)
Give you a chance? You harmed Sherlock, you've lied to me about who you were. You faked pregnancy, for God's sake, you worked for the man who'd made Sherlock fake his death... What do you expect from me? Forgiveness?
,” he rolls his eyes, surrendering at last. “You win.”
. With a deeply frustrated sigh, John hangs his head, taking a pause to compose himself and only then he raises his gaze again.
“I wasn’t terrified,“ John shook his head, failing to notice the tone of mild offence in Sherlock’s voice. He still couldn’t believe what Sherlock just suggested.
Sherlock’s brow quirked in amusement. “As if there was a reason to hide anything in front of each other,“ he snorted. “Besides, I reckon we both are in need of a little change of subject, don’t you think?“
My hair?
was responsible. I didn't want to be wrong, I didn't want to accept that I had been tricked once again. Which is why I dare to say, you might be even smarter than me now, since you were able to see right through Mary whilst I was simply... too blinded,“ Sherlock swallowed, pursing his trembling lips. “I defended Mary, yes, but don't think, for one second, John, that it was because of anything else but your own good. I defended her despite everything because I-I thought her to be the right choice for you, the better one, the one
“Yes. I assume you didn’t want to kiss me in front of everyone because we’d never kissed before and messing up a kiss could easily butcher our cover. But-”
The text he's sent pops out on the screen: Where are you?
how lucky I was. But I
“At least!”
The guests sit down.
, Sherlock?“ John purred, murmuring the words against Sherlock’s neck. He licked up across Sherlock’s jawline and up toward his ear, suckling ever so gently beneath it before locking their lips again, chaste pecks that soon turned into a lingering, naughty kiss, punctuated with needy moans and filthy profanities.
“Sherlock, what are you doing here?“
No. Sherlock didn't forget about us. You don't have to worry. He's-
SHERLOCK
“Yes,
SHERLOCK
“Yeah, yeah, sure, make yourself at home.“
“But still… I am going to give you an answer you deserve,“ he added after a while, still not facing the other man.
Shall we?“ he beckons toward the door, nervously licking his lips.
SHERLOCK
An instant response from Sherlock: Oh.
“Is that so?“
“We-we’ve never done it like this before.“
Sadly, you're in a hospital, Mr. Holmes. You're here to be taken care of, not to be ignored.
JOHN (CONT'D)
Are you trying to convince me that Rosie is... not real? That I dreamt her up, that I, that I imagined her, just like I imagined Mary's death?
“This is the last time I agreed to work on a case this
London Zoo. He's a lion's keeper.
Sherlock usually deleted no longer important information but he would never get rid of anything that even remotely had to do a thing with John Watson. He remembered his favourite beverage, colour, music, jumper, how he took his coffee, the way he laughed, the endless list of all his morning rituals, he never forget about the tunes John used to hum while in the shower, the smell of the bath soap and cologne he was using and the newspapers he read while they both shared their breakfast in more than comfortable silence.
. I’ve seen many injuries, many men, losing their arms and legs, some of them wounded so horribly so their own families didn’t recognise their faces.
“Just don’t put that image in my head, okay?“ John yelped, tightly wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist so he could pull him closer and steal a couple of kisses off those lips. He needed to feel Sherlock’s body, feel his beating heart against his chest.
Is it that obvious?
Silence. On Mycroft again: A sharp intake of breath. His eyes flick from Mrs. Hudson to John, then back to Mrs. Hudson. At last, he collects himself, straightens his suit, gives a nod.
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
John needs a moment to perceive but as soon as he does, he bursts into giggles and gently bumps into Sherlock’s shoulder. “Because we’re not
CUT TO:
The veiled lodger.
Were they?
Sherlock in a hospital bed. Glum, disheartened, pretty much, the way John has left him.
“Wh-what?“ John's eyes widened. “You said you’d never let her anywhere near me if you didn’t believe we’d loved each other. And now you know you were wrong, you know I don't want to be with her, not even because of the baby and yet you
,“ John growls, letting out another little dirty chuckle before lowering himself onto Sherlock, kissing him only slowly, leisurely, certainly not minding that he is now wallowing in the mess of chocolate and vanilla cream too. Sherlock takes his time, stroking John’s back at first, raking his nails, up and down his spine before tucking his hands beneath John’s pants, drawing a soft moan out of his mouth once stripping them down.
Why wouldn't it be? I was just... Um...
?” John sobbed, dangerously close to bursting into tears. “Sherlock, whatever other fate would be kinder than losing the one person that mattered the most to me in the whole world.”
John sitting at the table in Mrs. Hudson's kitchen. She's put a cup of tea in front of him but he doesn't even touch it.
John smiles, only half of his lips curved. “I will. I promise.“
“Are you sure?”
and he’s
girlfriend,“ Sherlock reminded him. “Besides, she snatched it herself, it’s not like I had been actually home that night. Undercover, remember?“
With a wistful little sigh, John turns his back to the sleeping man, but just as he does, Sherlock winces, kicks away the duvet he was covered with and sleepily murmurs something incoherent into the pillow. John takes a step back, as he could swear that he's just heard Sherlock say
At that, John snickers, shouldn't have had any doubts. Because
(titters)
“Well, I
?” John frowns, pointing at Sherlock’s shirt, unbuttoned halfway down and thus exposing an obscenely large patch of his skin.
with you. For God’s sake, yes, it’s love. I - I am... in
Sherlock - properly flustered.
“I... I’ve been thinking and something’s just occurred to me,” Sherlock continues, looks a bit like he’s having trouble with picking the correct words though. “Remember what you said, in the elevator? You seemed to be fine with the idea of... of kissing me. But then... you didn’t kiss me in the restaurant even though you had the perfect opportunity. I did notice that out of the eighteen couples that were in the restaurant, only two didn’t share at least one kiss. One of them because the woman was about to end it and the other... us.”
you want to do this?
Noticing that Sherlock's gazing, John looks at him, flashes another smile.
On Sherlock's face: he swallows, perplexed, horrified. Then suddenly - he feels it.
BEAUTIFUL WOMAN
But you tried anyway.
“Turn over,“ John requested once Sherlock settled himself on the mattress. His eyes welled up as soon as he could see those hideous scars from that close. It was a devastating sight. John wasn’t even sure if he wanted to know what tools were used to mark Sherlock like this.
SHERLOCK
who we’re talking about. Don’t you remember what the doctor said? You’re still weak and you’re going to remain that way for another couple of days. Maybe weeks even.“
“We want no strangers around the flat. Don’t you remember what happened the last time you shared our secrets with other people?“ Sherlock pouted, ignoring the unnecessarily sarcastic remarks of his brother. “And I
“Sherlock, I-I didn’t mind at all. It’s fine,
(off-screen)
What do you know about pain...
...Yes. Yes, of course I do.
(A beat)
“Nonsense, Sherlock. You just need a little practice, that’s all.“
“Considering I did so about two minutes ago? Yes, yes I do.“
Crossfade -
close to the climax and with each next thrust he only gets closer. He bites and kisses along the side of Sherlock's neck and presses their lips together once more, but then Sherlock reaches to grab a hold of his hair and pushes his tongue inside the wet heat of his mouth and John simply can't hold back any longer.
Sherlock smiles. “Am I invited?”
On John - takes a glance at the phone, rolls his eyes.
It's been barely a day since you left the hospital.
“You-you cleaned the fridge?“ John wished he was rather sitting in the moment.
“After what I’ve just learnt? Of course I’ve changed my mind,“ John replied. “I know how dangerous she is, Sherlock. If she’s really sending you threats, then we should be even more careful than before and inform your brother as soon as possible.“
SHERLOCK
“Oh...sh- don't stop.”
“Come
“Really? How?“ John snorted. “Just don’t tell me she had done all of
“I’ve been waiting ages for this,“ John murmured against the skin, planting tiny kisses all over Sherlock’s throat.
Will you... stay tonight?
“So?“
They waddled across the room, arms wrapped around each other, mouth on mouth in a fevered kiss, tripping over their own feet before John whirled them around and pushed Sherlock against the wall, for what was the very first time actually. Neither of them had any idea how did they get there, but to say any of them minded would be a blatant lie.
“Are you alright, John?“
“It just surprised me a bit, that’s all. If I am going to take your offer, where… where are
SHERLOCK
“Bisexual.“
John purses his lips, throwing Sherlock a look so shy he reminds him of a blushing school boy.
SHERLOCK (V.O.)
Have I ever told you how much I-
“John, please,
“John?“ Sherlock leans closer, but rather than replying John peers at their joined hands instead. Thinking he made a huge mistake, Sherlock attempts to quickly withdraw his hand but much to his surprise John catches his wrist, squeezing ever so gently before entwining their fingers.
He heads towards Sherlock's bed, his steps unsure, when suddenly there is a phone ring. Fumbling, John reaches for his phone.
“I am fine.“ There were more lies behind this simple sentence than Sherlock ever uttered out loud, but he refused to admit how miserable he truly feels so he just decided to fib.
John shakes his head, but he allows himself a smile and a giggle. It would be so much easier if Sherlock simply deduced that John's in love with him, but for some inexplicable reason, Sherlock either can't or doesn't want to see it. John doesn't dare to hope anymore that Sherlock could reciprocate his love, but he's reached the point when he
“Yeah, yes, well… yes.“ Sherlock couldn’t avert his eyes from John, as if he was just an illusion that might fade away any second. He still needed to be reassured that what was happening wasn’t just some sort of a beautiful dream that eventually turns into a dreadful nightmare. He could
Mycroft - he springs from the chair, gawking at his damped suit. Humiliated.
“Exactly!”
here for you.“
SHERLOCK
look. You need a bloody break from all the boring, mundane stuff. Call Greg, get yourself a case or two to solve.“
He has learnt several quite interesting, yet disturbing facts on his ride toward The Diogenes Club that day. The whole incident with Moriarty’s face planted over thousands of screens all over London was apparently just Mycroft’s sneaky trick he did in order to bring Sherlock back and save his life. But of course, quid pro quo, he also needed his help, help with getting rid of John’s wife actually, she was as it turned out later on, way more dangerous either of them could ever imagine. Holmes brothers have done even the impossible to learn the whole truth about Mary Morstan and so what they’ve discovered in the end was far too disconcerting. But they needed to hurry if they’ve planned on getting her arrested, Sherlock was sure that sooner or later Mary will find a way of getting out of the mess she’s gotten herself into so many years ago. If she learnt that Sherlock was doing his best to hunt her down she’d attempt to get her name cleared long ago and in that case it would be nearly impossible to take her into custody.
fake accent, you're gravely mistaken. Anyway. I'd recommend you to leave before my
Did you give it a name?
The silence that just fell into the space was too heavy for both of them to handle it calmly. Sherlock wanted to spit out the truth but it was just a huff of shaky breath he let out of his mouth instead of words. And John’s been raging. Just an idea of him being left out of everything again was making him want to punch the wall so hard his knuckles would bleed.
“How?” Mycroft asked, when he had breath.
He was a count, a noble, and he had six fingers on his right hand.
John stared at Sherlock, hoping he would get it.
Watson leaned forward enough so they could rest their foreheads together. “Mycroft means well, my dear. He wants your memory kept too.”
It was an ordinary Saturday when Sherlock lost his mind.
His grandfathers exchanged another look. "I suppose there are some we could tell you," Grandad John said eventually. "But you must promise to tell us if you're frightened and want the story to stop, alright?"
“It is. We’ve made it…somewhat child-friendly.”
Kitty scoffed. “We’re not like you two. Everyone can just tell with you two.”
Holmes considered Lestrade, who looked steadily back. “And you, Inspector?”
Jamiarty got to his feet. “I could never cause you grief, Sherlock. I’m sorry. Consider our engagement ended.”
Sherlock sniffed as he went by with the basket of toys, kept out from underfoot unless children were visiting. “It’s fine, John. I told you that already.”
“But I will tell them that we both hate waiting. Janine, may I have your hand in marriage?”
Maria snarled in frustration.
Sally looked down at her daughter, still tied to her chest. In the dim moonlight, she could just make out the shape of Waverly’s face.
When he finished sweeping the glass up, Sherlock went into the kitchen. The unmistakeable sounds of tea brewing drifted out, and John relaxed back into the chair, carefully setting down the shards of glass.
Riley spat.
“Daughter, you’ll do no such thing,” Holmes said sternly, putting a hand on Watson’s shoulder. “I’m rather fond of him.”
But Blackwater, seeing an opening in the suddenly unfriendly crowd, had bolted down the hall.
, Sherlock didn’t say out loud.
“It’s impossible to sustain levitation for more than ten minutes,” Miracle Max said. He looked like he’d aged twenty years since Grezzik had run in, burned and screaming. “She would have needed transportation.”
“Hamish. Hamish Watson.”
“There is nothing nearby. Not for miles,” Sherlock answered.
“Who?”
“I have many sources,” Prince Jamiarty assured him. “Some you cannot know, for your own safety.”
Molly didn't ask any questions, she was rather wonderful that way. "Well I'll be off, then. Come on, kiddos!"
“Sally!”
“Maybe John should come with us, then.” Ireni suggested. “Since he beat us all.”
For now, though, he was going to take care of Sherlock.
Moran bowed low. Molly saw him look at Stam once, open his mouth to say something, and then think better of it. He turned and left.
Holmes looked him directly in the eye. "Of course I wondered about it. I decided I didn't care. And you?"
“I did it to pay a debt,” Ireni replied. “I don’t think that counts as good.”
“What?”
Holmes didn’t answer.
“Not that I’m complaining, but what’s the occasion?” John asked as he tucked in. Sherlock had brought his own tray in too, and indicated that his mouth was full. Even when his plate was completely clear of crumbs, he still refused to say what was going on.
“I doubt you would want a man like me. I have no heart to give.”
“That sounds wonderful.”
Sebastian sighed. “What, exactly?”
“…Is that not what I’m supposed to be asking you?”
“That is neither here nor there.”
John turned just in time to see Sherlock collapsing into Grezzik’s arms. “Sherlock!”
“You do not decide that. Only the Prince decides our names. And so we are whores.” The woman closed her eyes. “You are a liar, and you will hear nothing from me but the words of a common whore, and what are they worth?”
“I suppose I do,” he allowed. “Ah well, above and beyond—I must follow my little brother’s example.”
The first took place in London, and the church was full to the brim. Old clients, most of Scotland Yard...Kitty even saw a few of the circle of informants her fathers had cultivated so carefully.
Molly looked around, checking for safety as force of habit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly stayed in the doorway. “No one’s coming in,” she said. “Your Highness, where are the robes?”
“Well then…”
"That's what I need you to get."
He could tell from Arthur's relaxed stance as he walked away that he'd made his decision. Sometimes you just need a bit of a shove to do what you already know you want, John reflected, thinking of the help he'd gotten to go after Sherlock.
"Yes, but as I have the remote, I decide when it starts, and it's about to," Sherlock sniffed. He hit play and 'Ramsay's Kitchen Nightmares'--John and Kitty watched for food horror, Sherlock for the rows and deductions--started to play.
Just as Grezzik settled the King in his arms, there was an explosion of light, coming from beyond the wall. Molly heard shouts from the closest house, and Sukiv and Chessa ran out of the carriage, followed by Miracle Max and Martha.
Grandfather John laughed. “I don’t think we’ve got time before we get back to the cottage, now do we?”
“He should be.”
“I am the Dread Pirate Roberts! There will be no
“What about the R.O.U.S?”
"Well I suppose I'll just stay in these, then," Kitty said with a shrug. "I don't mind."
"Goodnight Kitty." John left the light on but closed the door, frowning deeply as he went downstairs.
Horror struck, Watson moved his hands to Holmes’ face. “Don’t you dare think that. Ever. That isn’t true.”
P.S. If anyone wants to brush up on the original story, it's "The Adventure of The Illustrious Client," though it'll be a bit different. Certain elements will absolutely be kept. One in particular. I'll leave it up to you to guess which :)
Still, this meant they were one step closer to the end of all this. And the beginning of...well, what was coming next?
Sherlock clutched his hands, refusing to let go. They stood there together for a moment.
“Very well, we’re agreed. No fluttering before breakfast,” Holmes said. He set a teacup in front of Billy.
“Well, the metaphor wouldn’t work otherwise. We’re solid, dear, and we’re going to last.”
The King swayed in his seat. Sally squeezed his hands. “Father, stay with us.”
John shivered as Sherlock wrapped his arms around him from behind, pressed a kiss to his throat. "John, are you tired?"
The Princess flinched.
Greg whistled. “You said yes.”
Watson’s nerves were now thoroughly upset, and he couldn’t restrain a quiet yelp of shock as two figures, a couple hand in hand, emerged from the fog. Their shapes were indistinct; all Watson could tell was that one was quite taller than the other. The light from the strange lamp did little to clear things up.
“…Apologies.”
John helped Sherlock down from his horse. His legs were wobbling madly and the world was a bit shakier than usual, but he was lucid and his heart was pumping normally, though it skipped a beat when he saw two elderly people leaving the boat.
“I hope that’s true.” Jamiarty pursed his lips. “How about this? You write four copies of a letter, and I will send my four fastest ships in each direction. The
The Carriers are a family descended from the first mother of a king’s illegitimate child in Florin’s history. If a king should marry a man, it is the responsibility of one of the lucky women of this family to bear the king’s child. They can never be pregnant unless it’s with a royal baby (which might never happen), and even marriage is discouraged. It’s a terrible institution, and Guilder does it much better, but you probably don’t care too much about Florinese gender politics. Or political genders.
Damn it all! Of course Watson was familiar with Holmes' contempt for many aspects of the Christmas holiday, but that was before...well, before this strange, new happiness the two of them had found. Holmes had barely wanted to leave in the first place, and now he didn't see much point in going back.
Kitty glared at him, daring him to continue.
“Not to hear this. But I  know his style. He’s not as effective as the Count once was, but he learned some tricks.” John had to stop for a moment, to collect his thoughts, to stop his mind from running screaming into the darkness of the past.
Since the invention of the kiss, there have been five that have been rated the most passionate, the most pure, and the most pure. Well, this one, in the back of a carriage at sunrise between a pirate and a Princess, left them all far behind.
They couldn’t have been more wrong.
“Good, we can leave.”
“And he can track better than anyone I’ve ever known,” Moran added. “She’d know that too, they hunted together.”
“I thought—” the detective choked back a sob convulsively.
So far, Sherlock deduced, being dead had several perks.
“Exactly!” Sherlock tapped it on the map. “If she can get up the Cliffs and down there, she’s in France.”
So this isn't a chapter.
“Yeah, Sher and I got married when it became legal in Britain,” John said. “We could’ve done it sooner and had a civil partnership, but we both wanted to wait. Sherlock beat me to the proposal, but he had inside information.”
“Yet you continue to live together, work together and are frequently seen in public together.”
“You can still marry a man,” Magnussen argued. “You can marry a man and have one of the Carriers have your child.”
I reckoned without her stubbornness and Hopkins’ dedication.
“Sherlock, I will not hesitate to murder you in front of people.”
“And once again, I am no longer useful.”
When Molly Hooper was thirty four she realized that, after all, Mike Stamford was actually very interesting and plenty romantic, and she’d fallen in love without noticing.
"I miss them," Billy sobbed.
“Yes. It has plenty of room.”
The woman’s voice was as terrible as her face was beautiful.
"John!" Sherlock's voice broke something in John; deeper than his heart, down into the very core of who he was. He never wanted Sherlock to sound like that, to feel that broken.
“You alright, dear?”
It was Mycroft who said it. He took off the heavy chain that marked him as High Priest, and gave it to Grezzik. “It holds the blessing of the Powers. You will be protected.”
Ah, wait, it was all on the floor.
Holmes had no such inhibitions. "Come along, John!" he cried. "Let's go see where we are. I must admit, it is a strange sort of Hell."
“What are his plans?”
“Indeed.” John looked thoughtful. “Did I miss a step?”
"I had to see it!" Kitty was shaking now. "I had to see it, I had to know he was finished, don't you understand?!"
“I don’t think it’s that. Suppose we’ll just have to wait.”
“You can’t do that forever,” Molly snarled. “And we will follow you forever for that child. You must know this.”
“He did
“No it’s bloody not,” John agreed. “I’ve left you, and you sent me away. We’ve already had those moments, and we can stay together now.”
Sherlock shrieked—really shrieked, the way Mrs. Hudson did when they watched horror movies. He slammed the door shut and yanked John back ten feet.
“We’ll be there before dawn as it is,” Molly said gently. “And you need rest, Sally.”
The song was worked upon constantly, and for the first time written down, music into ink, heart into paper. Each note was slaved upon as the master tried to place the music that had so long been at his fingertips into permanent record. His listener had words; he had notes. This was his gift, and it needed to be the best.
“Alright, I won’t.”
Stam hesitated. He didn’t want to give the wrong answer, but this wasn’t the kind of woman you lied to. “He’s dead.”
John froze.
Once they were all inside—they’d borrowed a few chairs from the Rileys’ for this occasion—Holmes offered around sherry. Billy looked up hopefully.
“That’s a Miracle Pill?”
Yeste would have given her ten times that amount, but she didn’t want it. Two hundred was the price of the sword that was always on her hip (somehow it was perfectly balanced for her, even with only ten fingers), and two hundred was all she would use to find the six-finger count.
“It has a lot of names. Some call it Truth-Tongue. Others call it angels. I? Well, I call it Invasion.” The woman tucked her long black braids behind her ears.
John grinned, looking like a bashful teenager. How he managed that after years of the army and Sherlock, Greg would never know.
“Hello!” Sherlock waved. “That was clever!”
John's hands curled into fists. "Shut up, Sergeant."
There were two double beds.
He was the only child of the king, the only heir, and Florin had gotten used to that long ago, when as a boy of seven he’d ordered the death of a duke’s son because he called him a name.
Grezzik swayed, and Molly stood, alarmed, but the next second the giant was blinking. “Molly?” he asked. Gone was the confidence of the moment before; now he was childlike in his confusion. “Did she help?”
“Good morning,” John said. “Would you like tea?”
“Jamiarty, Jamiarty, Jamiarty!” Martha cried, beginning to chase Miracle Max around the room, who had his hands over his ears. “Jamiarty, and he’s the reason you’re letting true love die!”
When they got there Greg opened the door for them and John helped Sherlock out. The night was fair for once, and you could almost see the stars, but John didn't comment on that. Greg looked at him a bit helplessly.
Bile was coming up in John's throat. “I love him.”
“Yes, where is she?” Sally hoped Riley wasn’t dead. Not yet.
Stan is hired by the Foreign Office during the Great War. It’s enough to keep him from the battlefield, and he knows he owes his life to the last deed of an old, childless man trying to save his brother heartache.
“Oh, of course you do,” Moriarty crooned. “You do, and that's the best part! You'd do anything for him, and that's you're going to do now!”
To his alarm, tears started rolling down Kitty's cheeks. "I want to believe you," she sobbed. "I want to, I do, why can't I?"
“Well, your Highness, I’m not built for love. That’s not fair to a partner, and certainly not fair to a child.”
John has been keeping an album since just after he moved into 221B. When he has a quiet day, he looks through it, remembering that all the people in it are family, and he marvels at how lucky he's become.
“How did you know she would be here?” I asked sharply. Hopkins is a good lad, but Kitty needs no more men peering over her life as though she were an insect.
John closed his eyes, started to take a step—
Proposing to John had been wonderful, and his partner’s acceptance had meant everything, but Sherlock had felt an uneasy pang every time he saw John’s ring. It fit well, it looked right, it suited John beautifully…but it was only half of the equation. It was proof that Sherlock wanted to marry John. It wasn’t quite proof that John wanted to marry Sherlock.
There was a scuffling sound at the other end of the phone, then John came on—clearly, obviously John. "Hello, Greg? What just happened? Sherlock's gone upstairs, and he's muttering about...bad news?"
He heard a gasp, and turned his head. Holmes was lying beside him, but he wasn't the rheumatic, wizened, dear face Watson had slept beside for the last decade or so. No, this was Holmes when they'd first met, bright eyed and face clear of lines.
"What's the fucking point if it's not to scale?" Kitty snapped.
“Don't be ridiculous, of course you are!” Holmes spat. “Simply because you write those wretched stories and make yourself out an utter idiot—people would offer if you let your deeds be known!”
Sherlock kissed him back desperately, and John just held on, fighting back tears.
Lord Moran bowed his head to Janine. “I don’t think so, your Highness. Jamiarty has always loved arguments, strife…he’s always needed to be at the centre of chaos in order to thrive. Before I knew about—before I read the book, I thought that was because he liked to hunt. He likes being challenged. But the type of challenges he chases are not for the good of his country, they’re for his own amusement.”
“Yes, it is.”
Sherlock threw open his own window and leapt inside. Molly and the security guard were kneeling over Gruner, who was howling in agony and clutching at his now-ruined face.
"Why, Heaven, of course." The man cocked his head. "Do you lot still call it that? You'll have to forgive me, there's an awful lot of dimensions and not everyone's up to the same terminology. Heaven, Paradise, Elysium...you know, the good place." His face turned serious for a moment. "I know you weren't all expecting to end up here. Very sorry about that."
“How do you know?”
“And you are a prisoner.”
Sherlock's mind raced. Old music, manuscripts in pieces he'd examined at university, the films he and John had never had the time to watch...
Sherlock said nothing, but he believed the large man, who was now attaching the women to his front, leaving his massive arms free. And now that he was thinking about it, what would be so bad about death? At the least, his existence would end and there would be no more pain. At the best…maybe he would see John again.
“Get down then, so we can begin!”
Disclaimer: I know zero things about Naruto, so it won't be discussed in detail. Also, Gruner is a weeaboo who likes Naruto, not everyone who likes Naruto is a weeaboo.
His grandfather looked sheepish. “Well…I’m not proud of it.”
“I got married. I didn’t want to, they made me, and it happened so fast—”
“John?” the woman—Nana, it was Nana—whispered.
Sherlock seemed to have recovered. “Yes, apologies, brother.”
“Very well.” Only another hour. “Leave me.”
John bit his lip, worry curling in his stomach again at the thought of baring himself completely, physical and emotional insecurities on display. "I'm just...I want to be good for you."
Holmes’ face was blurry. “I believe so. Give my regards to your husband.”
"Well, you can pretty well do as you like," chirped a voice behind them.
Jamiarty smiled up at her. “How’s it going, Riley?” He looked around. “Do we need the whole council?”
Grampy patted his shoulder. “We can reminisce later. But I need to have a look at that cut, young missy, and we should get out to sea before the tide goes out, or it’ll be too stressful for the other young lady.”
“Should we go and see if the others are here?” John asked.
,” he explained. “Of course I love him.”
Right. Of course.
Well, I mean there's ten chapters left....
“You must be glad he never came back.”
“You just saved Grezzik and Waverly from falling.” Molly kicked Riley’s shoulder. The kidnapper was stretched out along the bottom of the boat.
“Why?” Sally repeated. Something was twisting in her stomach as she saw Molly and Grezzik exchange a despairing look.
“You do a bit more than halfway, Da,” Stan replied. “But Kitty’s right—I don’t think adoption is something we’ll be able to do. At least not right now.”
Sherlock and John meet a new friend.
Maria slumped forward, and Grezzik grabbed her. “Molly!”
“It was my throne!” Jamiarty burst out. “They would never have it, never! It was mine!” Then he went still. For a long moment he was silent, and then he started to laugh, long and horrible. “Oh, I’ve done it now, haven’t I? Alright, I did it. I murdered that little bitch, and if I’d known Sally was alive, I would have killed her too. What can you do to me, really? Kill me?”
"We are. And it's my right—nay, my duty as your friend to embarrass you as often as possible."
Back in London, the Diplomacy group (so named by Stam, who wanted some levity), were finding out the same thing from Lord Moran.
I know Inigo killed Rugen in the movie with his sword, but this is actually how he dies in the book, and I like this version better, a man who dedicated his life to pain dying of fear, in agony. Brilliant.
At the name, the bleeding woman closed her eyes.
“We can delay things,” Sherlock assured John. “I’m not worried about the Carriers. But we do need to make sure Carla’s mother is safe.”
When he entered the Strangers Room and saw only Mycroft Holmes, no parcel or letter to be seen, however, Watson grew nervous.
“And this is the ‘Triumph of Love’ wedding we’ve all heard so much about?”
"It's my fault," Stan blurted out. "I was afraid."
Sherlock waited breathless, shaking, hoping that this was real, hoping this wasn’t another cruel dream. When John reached him, he reached out and grabbed hold of his hands, holding the bouquet between them. John smiled at him, eyes overbright, and passed his bouquet to Grezzik.
“Have you talked to Sally about any of this?” John interrupted. His voice was calm, but Sherlock recognized the tone. His husband was furious.
“I came to steal Philip’s child. Jamiarty told me to come to just witness that the Carrier slut was here, but I stole her spawn. She was mine by right.”
Besides, there was the matter of that blasted favour.
“I’m sure Jamiarty will enjoy that,” Savira snorted.
"I...have no idea."
“Do you know how many nights I’ve lain awake thinking about losing you?” Holmes managed, voice dropping a whisper. “How many times I’ve watched you beside me on a stakeout, thinking it might be the last time? At least when we were younger the odds were in our favour, but now…I can’t lose you John. Not to something I can prevent. Please don’t ask me to do that, even though I once asked that of you.”
“It’s alright, dear,” Watson whispered. “It’s alright, I swear.”
“And you think I’ll know better?”
The baby’s skin was just as dark as Kitty’s but her eyes were teal, the same shape as John’s—and oddly enough, Stan’s as well. And her curls…if John didn’t know better he could have sworn they came from Stan as well.
"He called them Lily and Callie and Goldenrod," Kitty said, "even though they weren't their real names. That's what they're under in his book."
John put the pills in Sherlock's hand. "Those are two extra strength paracetamol pills," he whispered. "Take them now. It'll help with the pain. Do you want water?"
Part of Sherlock wanted to rush out the door and see his brother and the rest of their family, and part of him wanted to take John back to their room and test out David's last advice, but part of him, maybe the same part that loved Watson even though he wasn't exactly John, who understood Holmes so well, knew what he really wanted to do right now. "Why don't we sit down and have a chat?" he asked, taking John's hand. "I want to know about your lives."
There was a time in his life where Holmes was naive enough to believe that his brother was growing less irritating with age. He firmly stomped down the voice which suggested that perhaps he had become more tolerant, and honestly thought that he and his brother might be able to be...well...brothers.
“International waters,” Mycroft said calmly.
Then he understood.
"Good morning," John said politely. "Need a hand?"
“A…wheelbarrow?” Stam replied.
Molly loved this woman.
The song followed the master and the listener, shaking them out of dark days, warming them on cold ones, showing their love even when they wondered, in foolish, fleeting moments, whether it could last. It was music they both understood, for it understood them both; their weaknesses, their strengths, their forgiveness and their passion.
Janine tapped her fingers together. “Why must we renew our treaty so soon, Lord Moran? Has something changed?”
“He’s not with you?”
you!”
“One way to find out, I suppose.” Mycroft drew a bottle from his robes.
It took a second to feel John, hear him, smell him. Took another second to remember that he’d come so close to never seeing him alive again.
Rachel buried her face in his shoulder. "I don't want to get old."
“Of course I have, Uncle John.”
But would they be able to carry everyone?
He wrenched the Machine’s dial in one swift movement.
The final room was just off the kitchen—a bedroom with a large clothes cabinet and a door leading out to the veranda. The walls had a print of delicate bursts of colour against a gray background.
For a time stamp this is roughly two years after the Dream.
But this telegram wasn’t from Stanley Hopkins. It was from Detective Inspector Lestrade, asking if he could stop by the Diogenes Club that evening.
Apparently that was the wrong thing to say.
The Count drew his own sword.
“It just isn’t fair,” the woman whispered.
“Why are you smiling then?” The man in black’s blade never paused.
“Sherlock, this change of plans was your idea. You must tell him. I'm certainly not going to.”
“Watching you get to enjoy our family…being so open, not being afraid…I’ve never seen you quite this happy. This free. And I was thinking about how lucky we are that we got this in the first place…”
“What about with Waverly?”
“Oh.” Grezzik considered that. “My way’s not very fair.”
If Sherlock Holmes were a woman, would John have ever looked at Mary? And more importantly, what was she to do with the obvious answer?
"Go on back to the Yard," John said gently. "I'll look after him. We'll come in tomorrow and finish the work; at least I will."
"How do you mean?"
Bradstreet confirmed this.
“But he’s already moving quickly. He thinks that we’re here, and he knows the Carriers are part of it. This is a trap.”
“If you wish me to.”
Aw, little Waverly's born!
The only thing that might help was a miracle, and by that midnight, Miracle Max had run out of options to try. All he could do was try to ease Sally’s pain. But that turned out to be unnecessary.
Jamiarty looked so shocked John almost felt bad for him. “How do you—” He fell silent.
Molly bit her lip. “There is…there is something. But I don’t know if it’s even possible.”
“Kill myself?” John croaked.
So I was going to post this every other day, but everyone's been very kind and energized me, so I decided I will update daily. ON ONE CONDITION: I don't get bugged too soon for a sequel. I have one planned, but I've got other projects I need to finish first, so there might be a bit of a gap between stories? Is that fair? I promise it won't be as long as the real-life sequel is taking (WILLIAM GOLDMAN PLZ).
Watson sat up cautiously, his confusion growing as he realized that he wasn't in any pain at all. It wasn't just that, he marvelled. His body felt young and strong again, well up to several miles' run after criminals.
Grezzik lifted Sally onto one of the horses, with Waverly tied to her chest. Maria—no, Molly now—leapt up behind her.
“How did you—the snipers!”
Billy Hopkins, aged five, was perfectly delighted by his mother's suggestion he go to visit his Grandfathers while Daddy was away. Mummy took him up to 221b early that morning, and Billy could already hear the playful argument over the last bit of toast.
King Lotharon bowed his head as his son was dragged from the room. Cerise approached the table, and gave the King her hand. “Our daughter has justice now, at least.”
“Eat, Sally.”
Sherlock shook his head, swallowed them dry. He reached out for John's hand again. John held it tightly. He didn't let go for the entire trip back to Baker Street.
"We can protect Delia if we have the book. It'll be enough to call the wedding off, no matter how ensnared she is, and that'll buy us some extra time. "
John was supposed to have gone to the Diogenes Club at midnight.
” John complained as he got out his own phone to text Greg and Mycroft. “That’s all it is, you can’t have known that.”
“Sir?”
Molly threw it, and helped the man in black to the top of the Cliff. The man drew his sword, but Maria waved it away. “When you’ve caught your breath.”
There was nothing wrong with her, she was okay.
So...yeah? Sorry about that. I was listening to Human by Christina Perri for inspiration, and as such it got hella depressing. I promise some more cheerful stuff next week.
Sherlock went first.
“You could always take my suggestion,” John said mildly. “To the pain is still an option.”
“Of course, although I am a bit surprised he didn’t pick Mike.”
“You made vows, Philip! Your lives are intertwined, in the eyes of the Powers and of each other! You have to talk to her about all of this, and you cannot make decisions on your own. How would Waverly feel, knowing her father disrespects her mother this way?!”
“And how does that give you comfort?” Watson asked.
“You two are…never mind. What was Sherlock’s idea?” Greg listened for a moment, then laughed. “Oh those hopeless romantics…”
Sally sat up with a jerk, having nearly nodded off.
Warnings for discussion of drug usage and the death of innocents, one of whom is a child.
What on earth was he doing on the roof of St. Bart's hospital?
The whites (well, the browns still, their paint wasn't coming off for a while), were hitched to the carriage along with the King and Queen's own horses, so they were sure to go quickly.
“Oh, I very much do.” Holmes crossed his arms. “You are worthy of being rewarded for your deeds, past and present, and you would give the reward the proper dignity, having fought for your country on many battlefields. No, Watson, until you are offered the same compensation for your actions I will not accept.”
Watson’s mouth went dry. “What would you suggest, then?”
“Such a joy, as always, Bob,” Anderson replied. “And Dimmock? How’s your brother?”
Sherlock broke the kiss first. "Why didn't you answer Donovan's question?"
“Die slowly, cut into a thousand pieces.”
A quarter was fifty gold. They’d never had more than fifty silver.
Sally looked at her hand. “I burned myself when I was two. It didn’t heal properly.”
Soon—all too soon, but there was time for that later—Holmes pulled away, swiping at his eyes. “Would you like to see the garden? And the bees?”
“No,” Sherlock corrected. “Sally’s many things. A coward’s not one of them. She wants to be out of my reach, but she also doesn’t want to be anywhere near a place that makes her make this kind of mistake.”
“You’re welcome. Now go get your pyjamas on.”
That was another silly thing Billy couldn't understand. Grandad Sherlock's name was...well, Sherlock. Why on earth would his best friend call him Holmes, the way Anderson called Daddy Hopkins? It didn't make sense.
SHERLOCK
. She wants to destroy me the same way Moriarty wanted to. By going after my heart, my happiness. She wants to
, Sherlock.“
Sherlock doesn't need to be told twice. He puts his hands on the edge of the pool, on each side of John, and lifts himself up a little, smiling into the kiss.
?” Sherlock cocks his head. It's
“Where do you think you’re going?“
“What... what do you suggest doing, then?”
Sherlock, what the hell is Jade Ferguson doing here? She wasn't invited.
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
thinks of this evening, events of which have raised so many questions he hasn’t been given answers for just yet.
“What about
(she thinks for a second)
(kisses Sherlock)
“All right, then. You check the rest of the suite, while I change into something more comfortable. And I suggest you do the same. We can’t walk around wearing three layers of clothes and whatnot. Remember, we have to
A moment later, he heads to his own armchair, throws a quick glance at Mrs. Hudson, shrugging.
SHERLOCK
’ but seems to be too muddled to utter the words. Seeing that he has been rendered speechless, Sherlock chuckles and takes a step closer toward him.
he'd be here, John. If I did, I wouldn't suggest going. I can stomach a few dozens of snobs but
“Too many questions at once, John,“ Sherlock sighed, circling around John so he could sink down on the couch. John followed him, determined to receive answers.
“No, that’s not true. I - I don’t understand, why would you say-“
No, please don't cry, it's going to be okay, I promise.
“Ah... very funny.” John playfully smacks Sherlock's chest and without another word turns to walk into the bathroom, glad that, for once, he didn't embarrass himself.
On Sherlock, as if considering something, a sudden thought, then-
Sherlock, for once, had no idea what filthy thoughts were crossing John’s mind, but he had to admit to himself that it was immensely arousing. Especially since they didn’t even make out properly for days and John was now pushing him toward the bathroom, pulling off their clothes and shoes, unbuttoning his shirt, his lips and teeth and tongue tasting on Sherlock’s sensitive neck.
“But I
A moment later. Sherlock shifts in his sleep, snuggles closer to John. John gulps. Doesn't look uncomfortable, rather worried, what happens after Sherlock wakes up -
Because John was right. Talking just isn't their cup of tea...
“Not a
It was a priceless sight, Sherlock’s jaw hanging open in such a pleasant realisation.
As far as he can tell, Sherlock doesn't seem to be exactly composed either. Might be for a whole different reason though...
JOHN (CONT'D)
Did you find something?
“I am glad you’re asking because I didn’t brush my teeth yet so the answer is no,“ Sherlock chuckled, sticking his tongue out.
She hesitates. It's a delicate topic.
think, John. Now,“ Sherlock clapped his hands. “What if you stopped whining and had a tea with me instead?“
Sherlock's eyes soften.
and never stopped crying himself to sleep and then suddenly... Sherlock was back. All with a fake moustache and seemingly a never-ending supply of insensitive jokes. And John was
Of... course I
“You’d never shoot me.“
“What? No, no,“ Sherlock blinks, his mind somewhere completely elsewhere.
to. I am… exhausted. Is that what people usually say once they’re no longer able to cope?“ Sherlock scowled, talking directly to Mycroft’s name engraved into the stone.
Zooming faster on Sherlock's closed eyes. A white flash of light fills the screen-
Sherlock gulps, shuffling his feet before taking a small, hesitant step forward only to back pedal the next moment, uncertain what move to make, what to say, since no words seem to work anyway. John doesn’t want to talk, he tries to
Isn't it nice, making people happy?
,“ he muttered after a moment of thoughtful reconsideration, letting out a tired sigh. A word that still tasted like a poison on his tongue, even though Sherlock had already accepted that fear was not meant to be anything he should be embarrassed for.
You're still here?
’s health in the moment,“ Sherlock sizzled under his breath. “So do me a favour and stop wasting my time so I can finally see him.“
(raising his voice)
Lestrade stares with his mouth wide open, hopelessly flicking his eyes between John and Sherlock, who have seemed to forgot that they are in public.
John's stomach flipped. He took a sharp breath, blinking rapidly at Sherlock but before he managed to say anything, Sherlock beat him to it.
,“ Sherlock whined although knowing that it would be much easier for all of them if he simply admitted that that John was right. “You two are
Alright. Now, stay here and hold on a second.
(his voice cracks)
“You look like you just experienced the best blow job of your life, John,“ Sherlock smirks, grabbing John’s nape and pulling him into a proper languid kiss.
John. John... I love you too... I love you.
are to be blamed?“ he asked.
offers a huge amount of money for doing pretty much
“It’s all fine,“ he chortles, his face coloured rose pink. “I do have to be honest though, I haven’t even begun to ponder about leaving the flat yet, not until now,“ John admits, his lips curling into a rueful smile. “Yes, of course, I’d
"You have plainly been upset over this for days. You are very unhappy and, if you'll forgive me for overstepping, appear to have actually increased your alcohol consumption from before this case. Whatever you want to say, you are clearly in pain, and--" He started to glance at John, then twitched again, squeezing his eyes shut. "You're angry."
John shuddered. He didn't know if he could do a next time.
John stands in the kitchen for the space of three more measured breaths, his shoulders tense, each one a moment of forced calm. When he spins back around it is again with military precision, his eyes gone stormy and cold as he paces back to him, and the look on his face is entirely ex-army doctor.
"Bless you," Lestrade sighed. "Good night."
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! ONE MORE!
John is bleary and so tired, thumbing through literature in his lap that examines the addictive potential of the painkiller that Sherlock is on, a new medication, something that smells like Mycroft. He's exhausted, and sets his phone down to go for a cup of water, and-- Sherlock's awake.
"Almost done." He showed Oscar the paper he was nearly finished notating, and the appreciative murmur made something go warm inside. He'd have finished it hours ago but between classes, and research, and teaching Oscar's class, and-- but it was fine. He wasn't a normal student. He was better, he was smarter than
. Native to Brasil, an absolutely incredible specimen, and absolutely
John would take it without complaint. If it would've actually helped Sherlock.
he signs, as if it is not
Sherlock waited for John to step back, turning to wash out the blade, to speak up again.
He starts to comment derisively, to tell Mycroft that perhaps he ought to just get himself a goldfish. But Mycroft has his back turned before he's halfway through the sentence, back in the kitchen with the flour and the cocaine and the tea, and that means Sherlock is now stuck signing until he's blue in the face, because nobody's listening.
Useless.
John's smile goes even softer, somehow. He looks almost fond as he shakes his head, turning back to his tea. "That's what I thought."
His doctor had been right. Ulcers tended to be resolved safely and with little fuss, but ones that went untreated could make a patient seriously ill, and Sherlock's had been untreated. Sherlock's had been untreated for what sounded like a very long time, in a patient that already hadn't been taking care of himself.
He hadn't let them win then. He will not let them win now.
"Sherlock Holmes," she started, her eyes gone wide. Instantly, she moved for her phone, brightening straight up in the light of a good scoop. "Are you here on a case? Have a story for us, Mr. Holmes?"
John really seems to be the only one who cares.
"Six."
It's more sentiment than he knows what to do with and it's overwhelming. He's sitting on the floor with his hands suddenly clammy and his chest tight, and he's about to
He breathes it all in and collects it into the space around his heart where he can feel it and not let it go.
the life he had before, no matter what he does, he can't force it to even approach a believable parody of that, and what else does he have to offer? He can't offer John
"That wasn't her fault," he insisted. A very limp and obligatory defense of the woman he'd been supposed to love
"If he can sign, he can write."
Sherlock has nightmares. He flinches, sometimes, because no matter how decisively he burns down those corridors in the palace, they keep coming back, and the flashbacks are of a similar vein in that he has no idea how to eradicate them. He must be
Older than Victor. Almost certainly a young professor, someone older and put together and competent, someone who
are locked in his throat. They're right
More than an hour earlier than Sherlock had expected, and more than two hours earlier than the end of any one of John's average first dates.
Lestrade starts, staring at him in alarm. "What-
Minutes pass.
Sherlock swallows wetly, clutching a hand at nothing but air. Everything feels hollow and his legs are suddenly empty underneath him, cold and empty and
John's mouth quirks, and he glances at Sherlock over the sheet. "Is this your version of a romantic gesture? I love you, too." He closes his eyes again, one cheek squished against the crook of his arm. "Though that's just bad science, love. You have to kill each one individually? So I suppose I'll be cured this time next year, then?"
now is
had kissed
"I spat in Oscar's soup."
Scared for
he is bored.
a history, there are always- always
Sherlock tilted his head back against the cool wall and squeezed his eyes shut.
"Did you know that Victor Trevor is currently an unemployed drug addict, after dropping out of Cambridge last spring? Just a month before he was meant to graduate, as a matter of fact. His PI was the same that you have chosen to be your mentor. Dr. Oscar Wilson."
obvious in the room that everyone else had seen, and Sherlock was the one to miss it. Almost the manner in which John had been looking at him with this morning, then.
Mycroft sighs, folding his fingers together with a very prim sort of attitude. He'd look at home arrogantly flipping a magazine, or sipping a cup of tea with his pinky in the air. He does not, in any way whatsoever, look at home here. "I've come to transfer Sherlock to a private clinic. All paid for, of course, and perfectly discreet. It comes quite highly recommended, and if he would prefer, you could research the facility yourself. It will provide the best of care."
“And that’s why he’s poisoning the King?”
John tapped the table. “Well—”
Kitty gets new clothes, meets some kids, and a plan is made to stop a wedding.
“He didn’t know when he sent Riley and I here,” Moran replied. “I’m sure he didn’t; he would have sent Riley to poison her at least, and definitely to kill her child. But he knows now.”
, actually. He was a soldier when he was young.”
Everyone looked out the window. The sun was starting to dip, giving the leaves a golden edge.
Those in the capital actually got to see the mysterious Princess.
“The infant is ten. And I am challenging you.”
“Pft. I’ve never worked for so little in my life, not even for friends. Except once, and that was a noble cause.”
(See the end of the chapter for
This takes place about a year or so after Kitty and Stan get married. Just for the record, she still calls them 'Uncle' in public, but as far as Kitty's concerned Holmes and Watson are her fathers.
Sherlock grabbed Blackwater by the shoulders, shutting up the hissing crowd. "Be quiet," he ordered. "Leave the boy alone."
“True,” he replied.
A short interlude, where Duke Mycroft addresses some concerns, and Grezzik thinks he's getting a job offer.
Cheers,
“…I have tried.”
Sherlock realized something. He was the world’s biggest idiot.
“I don’t need much, my lord.”
"He's going to be completely incomprehensible at first," John warned. "I'll translate as best as I can."
The tonic went spraying over the room.
Cheers,
Stam drew his dagger, but Maria crossed in front of him. She drew her sword, the one made for the man in front of her. The guards were on her, but four quick slices and they were down.
"No alcohol," Molly said firmly. She'd been sober for months now, but the smell of it still made her wince. "We need to keep alert."
being fluttery.” Billy crossed his arms. “But if you must, you must.”
And it got worse. The powerful numbness spread to her torso, at least stopping the pain, but then it was in her legs. By dawn, Sally was barely breathing, and Anderson’s sobs couldn’t be muffled.
“The King will have to do that,” Mycroft said thoughtfully. “He will have to make his way back to the castle and complete the ceremony with Sally in order to make that happen.”
About two weeks after the kidnapping, Jamiarty brought Sherlock a woman.
“So what’s been going on in London, Mycroft? And why did you need a spy?”
"This is stupid, you can't all go and put yourselves in danger for me!"
The man considered that. “If I am a Princess, would that make my brother titled?”
The three of them, plus a dead body in one of Sherlock's old coats, left St. Bart's.
"Sherlock Holmes, you listen to me. You show me that you love me in a thousand different ways, some of which I am unable to reciprocate. You play me music on an instrument I can barely hold correctly, you deduce what I want before I know it myself, and you give me comfort for dreams of which you have no knowledge. So if you want to try physical love tonight, or any other night, we can. I believe we are safe here, and I am more than willing to be with you, though I confess I am nearly ignorant of the proper procedure."
Molly was texting frantically—trying to reach John, obviously.
That’s what you did for family, after all.
“Jamiarty murdered her, because she was his half-sister,” John said bluntly. “His other sister is Sally, and we need to protect her claiming the throne by proving the murder.”
To his surprise Holmes narrowed his eyes and pushed so that Watson was pressed against the wall of the cottage. "I suppose I'll think of something, won't I?"
“It’s been less than two days, Jani.”
"I don't know, honestly," Greg admitted, willing his blush to die down. "It's not as though we've been dating in secret or something--we've been friends for ages, way back when I was still married to Dolores. I dunno...something just changed. I suppose our official first date was about a week after your wedding."
“Thanks for coming, Uncle Mycroft.”
"John." Holmes sounded worried now, and part of Watson was worried that opening this door would shatter this illusion. Might it be some kind of test?
“No. I’m fine.” Sherlock put his arms around his Prince and shut his eyes. And for a moment, let himself believe that maybe Prince Jamiarty did care, because he allowed the embrace and even put on hand over Sherlock’s.
Fully dressed and freshly shaved, John opened the bathroom door, checked quickly to see that the bedroom door was still closed (it was), and crept into the kitchen…
Sherlock cocked his head. “Yes?”
Careful to avoid stepping on glass (and really, Sherlock would probably give him hell for being in bare feet but it was a hot August night and he had no reason to expect shards of window to be an obstacle) John picked his way to the girl. He stood looking down at her for a moment.
Then, of course, Mycroft had to prove him wrong.
“Thank you, Mr. Holmes.”
“I did. Where is Grezzik?”
Holmes opened his mouth, then let it close as he considered Watson. John. His John. He’d always hated the idea of marriage, but now that he had John…he’d thought more than once if he could place a ring on John’s finger he would, if only to show the world that he loved this man.
"Holmes," Sherlock replied. He strode forward and took the man's free hand. "Thank you so much."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Which is what?”
"Do you want night clothes? I've got some old T-shirts that might fit."
“Couple of bruises,” John admitted. His eyes were too much like Sherlock’s, that was the trouble. “I’ve been kidnapped; not sure who by.”
Grezzik was okay with leaving. He wanted to go home. But that week, his father became ill, and his mother did too. They were dead by the end of the week, and Grezzik dug their graves before he followed the group to the next town. He was too big to fit in the caravans any more, and it was pouring rain, but Grezzik didn’t mind. He had to think.
“Of course. When I get free, I’ll do the same.”
“I love you, Sherlock.” John’s voice was muffled against his shoulder.
“Where is she going?”
“I didn’t come in the normal way,” Sherlock croaked. “But no matter. Where is Eria, that young one? She was helping me yesterday.”
“The chances of something else happening that involves the Carriers and makes Jamiarty take all of them are slim to absolutely none.” Sherlock was pacing, his ridiculous dress-cape tangling in his legs. “Jamiarty must have found out somehow. So what are we going to do?”
Also, Arvi gets kudos for giving me (well, Greg) the solution to the word problem.
“No! I’m not—I have no idea where she would go. I didn’t know about her relationship with the spy. Jamiarty must have.”
John went in first, worried that evidence of his torture might have been left behind. The last thing he wanted was for Sherlock to see that.
Holmes blinked. “Of course, of course—I apologize, just…” he trailed off. “How on Earth…”
“Yes. He and his Watson had defeated Moriarty, but...well, I changed my mind after I spoke to him. After I...after we...”
Watson opened the door. To his surprise it opened on a staircase leading down. It was a perfectly ordinary set of stairs, similar to the ones outside his old bedroom, but somehow...different. The wallpaper had certainly changed.
“I love you.”
“I did not realize it would be so clear,” Watson admitted. “But…yes, Kitty. I doubt I will survive the night.”
Watson drew in a deep breath beside him. “Mycroft, you cannot possibly be serious. We can’t—”
For the first time in her life, Ireni was speechless. She looked at Molly. “Maria, you’d better explain to this woman that I passed ruthless ten years ago.”
“You can read?”
The man in black shoved her away. As Maria skittered back, he switched hands. His eyes were bright in his mask. “I’m not left-handed either.”
“She’s moving faster,” Molly told him a minute later. “She’s near the top.”
“No thanks, Ireni.” John winked. “Wouldn’t want to show you up.”
“What do you mean?”
“Let me put it this way. Christine de Pizan, Theodora, Ban Zhao?"
“In…in summer?”
“Why am I here?”
It started when  Mrs. Hudson had suddenly been called away to nurse her sick sister. Of course she had to go—he and Watson could take care of themselves, after all. She'd even left them plenty of cold food, and instructions to go to Mrs. Turner up the street for Christmas dinner; the old boarding house would probably be full of strangers, but there'd be nice hot food.
John couldn't stop himself anymore and he burst out laughing. Kitty peeked up just enough to glare at him. "You're both horrible," she moaned.
“I accept,” Ireni said, and she put away the knife. She popped a piece of cheese into her mouth as the man in black sat down on the other side of the rock. “You may have a piece now.”
But it had been enough, more than enough, and Watson squeezed Holmes’ hand tightly.
“Well, I certainly hope you find him some day. If he’s done that once, he may do it again.”
“I am not sure,” Lestrade muttered. “Whatever you think most interesting, I suppose.”
And this is not the last chapter! The last one will be next Wednesday.
Holmes relaxed, gripping Watson’s hand warmly. “Goodnight, my dear John,” he whispered back. “I am very glad you’re not hurt.”
The doctor put his hand on her forehead, counting the seconds between her screams, and hoped this would soon be over.
Miracle Max’s salve had dealt with a lot of the burns, and the pain was nothing. The effort of moving the oars was nothing. All that mattered now was getting to Waverly, who was getting further away.
Jamiarty's boredom had disappeared, and his eyes darted wildly between Cerise and his father. “You can’t mean it. The punishment for a traitor is death!”
No, the signs didn't start until the fall. A Sunday where they decided not to take a walk with Rachel, staying inside instead. A week where Sherlock had to force himself out of bed to tend to his bees. A tentative video call to Stan and Kitty, suggesting that perhaps they might not be able to visit this weekend.
“Are you sure?” Sally asked. “He does a very good job of pretending he doesn’t.”
"John, are you ready?"
"Don't lie to me, love," Watson whispered.
Mycroft Holmes gestured to the chairs, waiting until Watson took a seat to sit down himself. “That, I’m afraid, was a falsehood on my part. The necessary evidence has already been collected by Scotland Yard.”
But no, because a heart that was broken and bleeding hot blood couldn’t be as cold as that.
"You're reckoning wrong," John said firmly. "So you decided to keep it secret? That doesn't quite explain the shouting."
“What on earth does that mean?”
But twelve hours and every tincture came and went too, and Sally was now pale and drained. Her whole body was drenched with sweat, but Anderson hadn’t let her go. He kept his arms around her, but he closed his eyes every time she groaned in pain.
Sherlock smiled, his rare one, when he met a new person he liked immediately. "I'm sure we can give you some pointers, can't we John? Why don't you join us? I've got some paperwork to fill out, and I can go over the cases with you."
Everyone in the capital heard that scream, from Sherlock in his room who shuddered and wondered at the source, to the nearly-deaf King, to the youngest baby who wailed right back…
Grezzik slipped the oars into the water, yanked the rope from the dock (and part of the pole, but that couldn’t be helped), and they were off.
Listen. LISTEN. If you think I'm not going to put Mystrade in every single chance I get, you CLEARLY haven't read anything else I've read.
"Can we see them?" Sherlock interrupted. He was a bit surprised that Mycroft's name was the first to spring to mind.
John frowned. “He seemed alright. I don’t think it’s a row or anything.”
Ireni turned. To the south stood a small hill, covered in flowers. The fading sunlight made the flowers nearly glow.
“You can tell us now, Riley,” Janine appealed to the prisoner. “Tell us what we want to know. Give yourself a chance.”
Cheers!
Hope everyone enjoyed this holiday time! I swear there's a reference to one of them giving the other cuff links in canon, but I can't REMEMBER WHICH STORY. Whatevs. It's headcanon now.
(See the end of the chapter for
“And how do you know John's in danger?” Iceman, Moriarty had called Mycroft. Perhaps that ran in families.
"The same," Watson admitted. "Though I must admit, this doesn't feel like Hell."
John was confused. Why wouldn’t Holmes be more excited about seeing his brother-in-law?
“Do you know what Jamiarty did?” Stam asked.
Grezzik set King Lotharon down gently by the throne, and Sally stopped beside him, trembling.
Sally's gone into labour, but childbirth isn't easy, and she's going to need all the help she can get. Meanwhile, Grezzik gets invaded.
Mycroft was sitting on his right, eating quietly and looking around, much like him. Sherlock was curious as to why his brother was so calm—his social anxiety usually caused him to bow out of events like this—but he didn’t question it. Mycroft was content, and that was enough for him.
(Also matchmaker Mycroft pleases me deeply)
But only one person knew what it was.
That Brute came up behind her, picked her up as gently as if she were a doll. The woman struggled for only an instant before she appeared to recognize him.
“I understand,” the taller one (at least Watson thought it was the taller one) said. “We do the same whenever my insomnia coincides with my husband’s.”
Then there was a crash of glass, a scream, and there was a girl in the room.
“Sherlock, you love people knowing that you're smart. It's what you do! How can you justify going ahead with this?! The fallout will be incredible! You'll have to leave London, and where will that get you with Moriarty?”
“Alright.” That matched the stories too. “My friend, you did right.”
“Yes, but not everyone knows that,” John said. He was being patient, Grezzik could tell.
“You sure you don’t mind?”
Sally realized.
“Yes. Me with my lady and child, and you a prisoner.”
Watson reached out for her, and Rachel scrambled across the bed. "Oh child, we're old. This is what happens when you get old. We're not built to live forever. It's alright, really."
Cheers,
Janine looked insulted. “We’re pretending to be worshippers of the Lady of Spring! She is my patron, after all.”
Sherlock went still. “She did?”
“Both of you stop.” Mycroft’s gray eyes were steel. “We are far from judging eyes and laws. You are safe here, and why not take advantage of that?”
“Could she?” That was Mycroft.
“Think it’ll work?” Miracle Max asked Martha.
Stam stared at him.
“It’s fine.” Sherlock swallowed. “I didn’t know you could do that.”
Molly blinked. Ireni was right; they were nearly at the docks. Anderson stood there, and when Grezzik raised Waverly up, he fell to his knees.
He inclined his head to the other men and left the room, bursting with excitement.
The man in black put down his glass. “You guessed wrong.”
The King’s voice shook, but he lifted the next robe. This one had stones attached—plain, ordinary stones. “As ruler, you must be like stone. You must defend your people, you must be strong and resist being worn down. You are the foundation of the kingdom. Do you accept?”
Those of you who've read my story By Any Name know that the idea John suggests is a favourite idea of mine (because seriously, lover, friend or colleague, BBC Sherlock would never have left John behind if he could avoid it)...*takes deep breath* but that may or may not be what's happening here.
"Watson?" Holmes said, his eyes wide. "John?"
Ireni laughed at that. “You did always try to see the good in me, Molly.” She twisted her fingers. Coming so close to death…well, she didn’t want to do that again. And she’d never find another crew as good or as tolerable as Molly and Grezzik.
Molly continues to sneak Sherlock into the morgue. Her bosses pretend they don’t know what she’s doing.
“But not all.”
Watson stood up. Moving slowly, as he would around a spooked horse, he knelt in front of Holmes and cupped his face. Holmes immediately leaned into the touch.
Startled, John tilted his face up to look into his partner's eyes. "I do?"
“Damn it. Sorry, you’re…I’m assuming you’re alright with that?”
“Let me see.” John’s voice was no nonsense, and Anderson uncurled just enough to show his thigh.
Cheers,
John looked back but the misty figures were long gone. If he hadn’t touched one of them, briefly seen his face, he might have called it a dream.
John turned, still calm, and faced Mycroft. “That would be terrible, Mycroft, and I would hate myself forever. But the best way to avoid that will be to send me with him. I know my limits, better than most men, and I will agree to this plan because I know you love your brother and will make sure he survives this, life and reputation intact.” Mycroft fidgeted. “But I will not stay at home and worry for months, years, because someone else decided what was best for me. That's not who I am.”
So they were in love, was that it? That was all it could be; Mum had told him a bit of her past; he knew a lot about the horrid things people did to each other. No one kept secrets from him anymore.
“Hello Jamiarty,” John said. “Looks like we trapped you after all.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Where are John and Sherlock?” Molly hissed.
“That’s not his division.”
Perhaps he liked taking orders?
“Well he has magic to help him. Your instincts are still developing. Do you love your daughter?”
There was a black blotch, about a quarter of the way up the Cliffs. It was rising slowly. It almost looked like it was climbing, but Grezzik couldn’t see any arm movement.
“Hello,” Maria whispered. “My name is Maria Montoya, you killed my father, prepare to die.”
“Every so often, I can figure things out,” John said gently. “Now come on, we’re going up to your room.”
“We can take her with us. There’ll be four of us, we can take turns carrying her.”
“What if the child didn’t need love?”
“Sherlock, we both know what it’s like to live apart from each other. But you…you’ve lived with the knowledge of my death, once unfairly and once…well.”
“Since when has that mattered? The whole reason you were born was to provide a child for the royal family! You’re probably close to being a cousin anyways. And you have something that the prat doesn’t. You’re married, and—”
Greg noticed him watching. "I suppose your husband can remember first names upon meeting someone after all," he grumbled.
The man in black stood after he loosely bound Maria’s wrists. He laid her sword by her side. With any luck, she would awaken and run off. That’s what he would do if he was her.
Grezzik went to look too, bringing Sherlock with him. The man in black was hanging onto the cliff, clinging for dear life, and as Sherlock watched he began to climb.
Without another word, he approached Prince Jamiarty, who signalled to Count Magnussen. Jamiarty pulled Sherlock up on the horse behind him.
“I have no gate key.”
Sherlock forced himself not to stumble as they ran across the rocky terrain. Who was this man? He’d just murdered someone in cold blood, and if Ireni was right (and she probably was), the other two were dead as well. There was something terrifying about the man in black, even if he was at least half a foot shorter. That was making it very hard to run behind him.
“Don’t be ridiculous. We’re going to get Waverly back, and then we’re going to destroy Jamiarty.” Janine’s voice was the coldest Molly had ever heard. “And you don’t know anything about her powers, Moran?”
“It was him?” Janine was shocked. “Damn it, I should have responded to his invitations. I could have helped you…”
“He's only gone and offered me a knighthood,
So pointless.
There was a pause, and then the banner man removed his headdress, revealing a carefully powdered golden wig, with a tiara perched on top. “Long live the Princess, Heir by the Powers.”
Maria had never forgotten his face. She’d forgotten so much in the work and the hunt and the wine…how her childhood home looked, the names of her teachers, the way it felt to be happy…but she’d always remembered his face.
“I know who you are. Remorseless, powerful, intelligent…you’re the Dread Pirate Roberts.”
“What’s wrong with her?” Sherlock asked.
The last case we worked, published under the name ‘The Adventure of the Illustrious Client’, was finally wrapped up judicially. Miss Winter was cleared of all charges
“We have a way we didn’t know before,” Janine said. She inclined her head to Sally. “We should get the Princess to rest.”
“Yes you do,” Sherlock replied, baffled.
“Yes. He said they didn’t want to cause them any…undue stress, particularly if they were among the innocent. It would give them privacy, and they could speak without fear of retribution or shaming their children.”
“I would be honoured to be related to a girl—no, a woman of such bravery and strength,” I said firmly. “Welcome to the family, Miss Kate Watson.”
It took a few long seconds, but Sherlock brought the gun down.
love.”
“Do not look for a marriage contract here,” Mycroft warned. “Nor among our allies.”
Sherlock was jerked from his pleasant reverie. “Wait, what?! We can’t go in there. We’ll never survive!”
Grezzik shook his head and took a step back.
There was a moment’s pause, and then the toilet flushed. “Yes.”
But how could he ever hate his grandfathers?
Sherlock’s breath caught. “Oh.”
The man in black nodded twice. “And for that plate of cheese,” he added. “I’m rather hungry.”
Mrs. Hudson made it to her hundredth birthday, but she died in her sleep just before the first blooms of spring. John and Sherlock bought Baker Street from her estate, never mind that they’d been living in Sussex since Sherlock was sixty five. Looking around the flat they’d lived and loved in, they both prayed they wouldn’t feel the utter absence of the other so vividly.
“Happy to help,” Queen Chessa said. “My granddaughter was at risk.”
“He said he doesn’t have your number anyways.”
John's eyes apparently decided that soldiers do cry after all.
The girl was still glaring. "Playing."
“Mostly.” Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Happy anniversary, John.”
“Morons.”
“I believe, Sherlock.” Mycroft’s face changed a bit, became more solemn. “I always have.”
Greg relaxed immediately. "Hello love, how's your day?"
“Are you feeling better?”
“Honestly? I’m not sure.”
, and both master and listener swore that there was none finer in the world.
(See the end of the chapter for
Molly was right, though she had no idea how right.
“I want to walk among them,” Sherlock said.
A tree branch shifted slightly in the wind.
"So you're telling me you were looking in the window and didn't see who was next to you?" Greg's eyebrows were raised.
He didn’t speak much through the wedding reception, preferring to listen to his husband (
“And how did she know? We've never discussed it  in front of her.”
So they did, one by one. But once they were on the ground, Sherlock didn’t want to let go of John. “I’ll ride with you. We can take an extra horse.” Then Sherlock looked around.
Sally wanted to leave that night, but she was talked out of it.
"You alright, Stan?" Dimmock asked. He shot John and Sherlock a grateful look. "Stan's new—he's my second cousin. He's brilliant; going to make detective in a few years, I'm sure."
“I don’t smell anything.”
Waverly.
He didn’t appear to be dead. He was sitting now, going swiftly up the Cliffs with Waverly, who was smiling hugely.
"Don't worry about it," Greg said gruffly. "You should have said something earlier."
Sherlock rested his chin on John's head. “The other Holmes warned me about this.”
Martha Sissons was very much in love with her husband, and even though she disapproved of the cartel she would have stood by him. It was only when she caught Frank with another woman, and found out about the rest of them, that she wished she’d listened to her best friend.
But why not? They’d earned a break; a real rest. And he was still tired.
“Who are you? Are we enemies? Why can’t I move? Where’s Sherlock?”
Cheers,
John felt very ill.
Mycroft didn’t seem offended. “I couldn’t tell you until now because we hadn’t reached our destination.”
“Why are you in such a rush? And if you are, why don’t you find something useful to do?”
It wasn't that John disliked the people at the Yard. Some, like Greg (and Dimmock somehow) were friends outside of the crime scenes and interview rooms. Others like Johnson and Bradstreet were acquaintances that he enjoyed talking to, although they didn't try to spend time together outside of work. There were a few rare birds like Donovan and Anderson who he actively disliked, but they were easy enough to avoid even in a small room like this.
“And I have an heir.”
But then the king fell ill.
“Then make your choice!”
Labour had taken a major toll on her body, and she still felt the soreness. Walking was getting easier, but she was reminded of her daughter with every step.
“Interesting trick, since they’re already dead.”
Mycroft’s gaze softened. “I am glad to hear you say so, but what you said before was untrue. We would all miss you very much if you were gone.”
Molly shook her head, but she let go of her sword. She stayed in the tavern all night, watching the poor girl scuttle around, trying to avoid her husband.
Prince Jamiarty looked well enough, but Sherlock didn’t really care as they walked through the small chapel. An old bishop stood at the altar, and after they’d both knelt and he blessed them, he began to speak.
“The point is,” Jamiarty cut in, “that there has been no birth announcement within London, which means it’s unlikely that they’d send anything to Florin.”
The King took a step forward, and Sally found herself in his arms. They were frail and trembling, but they held her close.
Prince Jamiarty has received some news, and he's delighted. Now he has a plan...
“Where did you get that?” Molly asked.
“Well, your mother’s a very intelligent lady.”
Thankfully, Sherlock understood. He’d guessed, somewhere along the way, and he left Mycroft alone beside the coffin just long enough for Mycroft to slip the unsent letter in beside Lestrade’s remains. What a terrible word, that. Remains.
So....yeah.
Sally did curl up with Waverly under a tree, not far from the road. But sleep eluded her.
It was sort of true—he’d done a minor in music years ago in uni—but that was beside the point. “You know
Lestrade yelped and left quickly. He would make the train, his bags safely stowed, and go to Scotland He’d be with his daughter her family by the next day.
“You’re a stupid boy.”
He loved to hunt, which is why he created the Zoo of Death. There was too much legwork travelling across oceans to search for particular prey, so he sent servants out to fetch it for him.
“This is all my fault, John's in danger.”
A simple request turns into a twilight year's friendship.
“Alright,” Janine said. “You know you’re in trouble, Riley. What you may not know is that everyone in this room is willing and able to kill you, and several of us have no qualms about killing you painfully. Those are facts. It is up to you whether you want to take those facts into account.”
Sally followed Max, and soon they were in the far garden, not the one where Waverly…
Sherlock opened the door for John and they stepped into the café. “I’ve no desire to make myself uncomfortable.”
“Being not—well, being not horrible all the time.”
“He helped Maria and Grezzik get me here. He’s—oh, there he is. You haven’t hurt him, have you your Highness?”
They’d found Stark with Lisa’s help, and chased him halfway across London. They finally caught up with him under the Eye, but Stark was an excellent shot and desperate. His first shot went just over John’s head; would have collided if he hadn’t stumbled.
"That's rude, dear." John rolled his eyes fondly at Sherlock's distasteful expression. "Go on, talk to Greg, he looks a bit lonely. I'll go see if Bradstreet wants to talk about his daughter again."
“How much do you have with you.”
The collector's room was on the second floor but there was a handy shed under two of the three windows. Sherlock didn't even have to climb the tree next to it. He chose the window in the middle, which allowed him to see most of the room.
"What?"
Of course. The banner carriers were actually the  leaders of the lands who doubted the claims. Smart, really.
“Do let me look it over first,” Watson requested, his eyes beginning to sparkle. “Your grammar is atrocious.”
"He's meeting with one of his informants," John replied. He started up the stove again—omelettes were something he could cook really well, and Kitty looked like she could use some protein.
Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson were buried side by side, Watson next to his wife and Sherlock next to his brother, and no one said a word.
John wished he'd known better three weeks ago, the first time he'd introduced the two. He'd thought that his adopted daughter, who got along with nice people just as well as she destroyed bad people, might enjoy Stan's company. Sherlock had taken the young Inspector under his wing, and he'd agreed that Kitty and Stan would make an excellent team.
"I love the sound of that."
Sherlock steepled his fingers. "Stop me if I've got something wrong," he directed  Kitty. "The Gardener is one of the most vicious pimps in London, John. He's got a large amount of prostitutes of all ages and genders working for him, and he treats them with as little mercy as he can get away with."
“Mother wasn’t unkind to me, but she died when I was eight and then it was just Harry and I with Dad. It was bad for quite a while—when she came out, when she started to drink as much as Dad, when she refused to go to school anymore—well. I had to be the perfect child. There was no reward in it, no congratulations: I wasn’t supposed to be alive so I had to make up for the mistakes of the daughter he adored. Still adores, despite everything.”
Kitty leapt to her feet, and I was surprised to see her blush. “Oh, thank you, Stanley. I hadn’t realized I left it.”
First off, thanks for reading! If anyone is hopelessly confused by the reference, just ask in the comments and I can answer for everyone.
Watson's eyes were wide now. “Sherlock, you can't mean—”
“I need  a good song.”
"Sherlock leaned his forehead against John's. "Is she going to be alright, John?"
He spun around just in time to see Moriarty fall to the ground, slumping over to reveal a disgusting hole in the back of his head. A tall man with pale blonde hair stood near the door, a gun raised. John stared back at him.
Generally her adoptive fathers wrote once a week, sometimes every ten days. She saw no reason to worry about them; Watson was a doctor, for goodness sake, and their cottage wasn't far from the village. They were both getting on in years, they were both in their eighties now. But she'd never thought that three days after a normal, cheerful letter, she would get another from a stranger informing her that both her fathers were very ill with pneumonia in late March.
