"... and you must not tell the others," Cas says. "I fear that they would not understand."
Primarily because he opens his eyes.
"And before my grace could fully be restored, Dean... Sam... Bobby and Ellen and you, everyone at this compound will have been dead for many years. I have lived and left many lives... But I have never lost someone that I care about. That is one first I do not wish to experience on Earth."
At first, Cas makes those little 'hmm' noises of disapproval that he's always made; they aren't quite the same in Claire's soft, girl voice. Then he starts tapping his foot - that habit came with the new body.
Cas looks in the voice's direction and prays, as he hasn't since deciding to reunite his vessel with Dean's family, that his hopes will not be dashed.
Castiel has this way of cocking his head to the side that’s very strange and bird-like. It’s the same thing as the way he rarely blinks, how long and how hard he just looks at things - it’s a statement. Castiel isn’t human and he doesn’t care to pretend that he is. It’s creepy. And not because it takes a lot of mojo to back up an attitude so cocky without bringing every angel, demon, and hunter within range to your door. It’s creepy because
Dean rubs a hand over his face. "I'm not gonna rip off your dress, Cas," Dean tells him - whispers, much like Cas ought to do. "Hold on, we can-"
“Fine,” he concedes. “I gotta go tell Unca Sammy the good news anyhow.”
“Don’t say it,” Dean requests. He is aware that he will need to be exponentially more sensitive after today (if angels are anything like human women when they’re pregnant - and Cas would probably say no, but Dean is betting on yes - then Dean’ll get himself smited, and rightfully so, by not showing some sympathy). But he thinks he’s allowed a little insensitivity in the first fifteen minutes of learning that he’s
The grim set of Castiel’s face snaps instantly back into something casual and deceptively non-threatening. His ever-present smirk returns. “And let’s not pretend, Dean. If I wanted to… “get my rocks off”… I’d hardly have to make your deal to get your assistance.”
"Well... that's all we needed to know."
“The hell I
Family is family. Chuck should understand... that...
"Yeah, he also said he was goin' back to Heaven, but instead he asked Chuck to kill him."
Cas went to the Surface hoping to catch a glimpse of the man he would most likely soon be ordered to approach. He caught a lot more than that.
Dean hadn't known that there was a fear he could feel worse than he'd felt with angels closing in on him and Sammy from all around, that day he was taken.
‘Six.’ Dean feels faint.
The look on Dean's face is heartbreaking.
They have accepted him to the point that they would allow him to usurp the rights of another of their kind to keep him here.
“I could
"You cannot," Cas says.
He leans over into their kiss.
"Yeah, yeah, zap away the dress."
By the time security jimmies open the door on the stall, Cas and Dean are gone and the stall is empty.
.' are his last unspoken words to the angel. '
They are out collecting supplies - Cas, Dean, Sam, Andy, Jo, Meg, Charlie and Jake.
Castiel’s chuckles really bother Dean. They’re all low and throaty and make Dean think of sex, which is just
"I thought Gabriel and I were the only angels who'd switched sides," says a blonde man with a British accent.
"Zap us out of here."
“Cas…” he croaks. It’s like Dean’s the dying one. This is-
All but one of the fifteen people in his group are-
Dean… should have expected this, honestly. Castiel is always making all kinds of… comments to him. About him. He tells himself it’s just to throw him off, get under his skin. But Castiel is a demon.
Dean begs and pleads inside of his head, where no one can hear and think less of him for it. No one except a suicidal angel, who's apparently determined to be dead by the time Dean comes back to himself.
The sobbing continues. Castiel clings to Dean with his fists, squeezes his eyes tight around his own tears. Dean’s hands form fists also. They rise at Castiel’s sides, stop beneath his ribcage, as if Dean can’t decide whether he wants to embrace Castiel and hold him, push Castiel away, or punch his way free from Castiel’s paltry explanations.
Dean’s voice is a low roar; he emanates a hostile tension that Castiel should feel wary of. Instead Castiel feels hollow. Like he is the one whose soul was made molten and refashioned in Hellfire. And when Dean glimpses himself, over Castiel’s shoulder in the mirror on the hotel room wall- When the fury leeches out of Dean like liquid through a sieve, and only the despair - the pain - remains…
Dean hears a sound. He’ll be mortified when he realizes it’s himself, moaning deep down in his throat. He also hears Castiel make a sound in response, a sound not entirely human but unmistakably the sound of a “guy” who is very turned on.
"Why don't you come over here and see for yourself, short stuff?" Meg calls out, even as Charlie tries to shush her. "Baby!"
But after a minute, Sam nods his head. “Okay. Yeah, I-” Then he leaves. There really isn’t anything else to say anyhow.
.’ But Castiel frowns.
,' Cas thinks back to him. '
"Human..." Charlie breathes.
Even immortals learn.
“But-”
Castiel catches Dean, holds him up by the shoulders. He presses their foreheads together and doesn’t know why the heartbreak doesn’t kill him, immortal or no.
,” Dean says, not letting him finish. “I’m not letting you die, Cas. Especially not like this. That’s not the issue. You shouldn’t have to- I shouldn’t be the-”
“I’m not afraid of you,” he says. “But I’m not making this deal so some pervy demon can get his rocks off by coping a f-”
"I have '
"Oh God," Dean moans.
"Dean, I cannot-"
Sam does freaky well with the little girl stuff, but they've already learned: Cas's weirdo behavior in a little girl's body, with one man, gets people's attention. Cas's behavior in the company of two men gets them called on to the cops. And Sam's got research to do today, so shopping duty falls to Dean.
Dean woke the next morning, and just laid in bed for a few extra moments, eyes still closed, clinging to the last few seconds of the sleep world where he was still whole and healthy.
The escape had taken its toll on the entire department, he was pretty sure Kevin hadn’t left the station for a month—kid smelled like something had died and was greasier than a mechanic. Benny and Vic barely had a chance to catch their breaths and Bobby nearly gave himself a heart attack trying to convene a countywide search. To be honest, it was going to hard to forget exactly how not awesome things had been.
“Cas,” he hissed, eyes darting around the room to make sure no one was within earshot. “You can’t call me at work, if they ever found—”
“I believe his actual words were, ‘keep that idjit from haulin’ his sorry ass in here’. He swore a bunch when Vic tried to say you knew the guy best.”
“I told you not to smoke in my car.” Castiel grumbled, purposefully ignoring the comment as he stopped a few inches from the window.
“Yeah, Henriksen’s been asking them questions but they ain’t respondin’. Kids had quite a shock to their systems; don’t think they saw much anyway. Found ‘em cowering in the back seat of one those cars,” he jerked a thumb in the directions of a sleek black car.
“I suppose we should hope that he does.” Uriel grinned, motioning for Castiel to follow him back through the house.
“Yeah, yeah, Cassie. Look, Deano. Michael is one bad son of a bitch and Lucifer makes Mikey look like an angel. I think you probably already knew that.” Gabriel said seriously.
“No you won’t.” He said matter of factly before slumping back down into a chair and pulling out another for Dean. Cautiously, he accepted the seat too tired to stand any more. “It’s too great a risk for me to tell you. I truly wish circumstances were different.”
“Do you want me to stop?” He asked, pulling out and sliding back inside, the head of his dick pressing against Dean’s prostate as he did so. One of the man’s hands held his hips but the other was circling around his waist to wrap around his cock. Dean couldn’t form words, this was the first time Cas had touched him like this and it was more amazing than he’d imagined.
Naked in front of the mirror, he took a deep breath and bent down to pull the panty over his legs. The slide of silk against his skin sent shivers up his spine. Nothing, though, could compare to the feeling of the soft fabric brushing against his cock and ass. He was half hard by the time they were completely on and he stroked himself through the material for a minute, revelling in the smoothness, the cool velvety sensation.
“Anna. I want her dancing tonight.”
He smirked at Dean, reaching out to lace their fingers together. “You still want to know what’s going on, don’t you?”
“You’re a jerk, though.” Dean said so quietly he almost couldn’t make out the words, then rolled his hips pointedly against Castiel’s thigh a few more times until he was able to settle properly.
“Cas,” Dean pleaded, the slick sound of his frantic movements audible from the bathroom.
Michael only ever discussed business in the drawing room so the fact that he was being lead to the kitchen set him on edge again. It was around three in the afternoon but the house was dark enough inside to warrant the electric lights, making everything feel more claustrophobic and worrisome. He tried his best to swallow the uneasiness, to school his features until they were hard and menacing. Michael responded to power, and this is what Castiel had to portray if he was going to convince them all that everything was fine.
“Why not? It’s a
“Dean, why don’t you tell me what’s going on. Why do you smell like a liquor store?”
“Bonus, he’s likely going to want Cassie here to be even closer.” Balthazar said, offering to pour Dean another drink. The gesture made a strange sensation spread out through Castiel’s body, elated that his family was already warming up to the man.
pool. You’re part of the community, aren’t you?”
Behind him fabric rustled and a moment later he felt the hot press of Castiel’s cock nudging at his entrance. Dean moaned loudly, relief and excitement and arousal rushing through his body. Every inch of him screaming, finally finally!
“So this—”
In front of the mirror he stood admiring the way the panty pulled tightly around his cock, how they framed his ass perfectly. The daintiness of the ribbons of white lace stood out against the contrast of his tanned, muscular body and the difference made him feel hot all over. It was like he was catching a glimpse of himself the way Cas saw him—as something beautiful. Memories of getting screwed last night, panties rubbing against his dick with every single one of those deep, powerful thrusts, looped over and over in his mind.
“It really is your lucky day. Managed to wrangle two first class seats in the squad car with Kevin!” Victor beamed at the siblings, who were back to looking like pathetic civilians. Dean tried to force a smile, feeling even sicker now that he was essentially lying to Victor by not arresting the two. A part of him begged and thrashed and screamed for him to say something, anything, but a bigger part knew that talking would mean betraying Cas and he just couldn’t do it.
Michael straightened, seeming to finally collect himself. He ran a hand through his dark hair to straighten it. He stood, smoothing out the wrinkles in his suit. “If we’re going to this, we must act quickly. Are there any men you trust absolutely?”
I'm trying to get these up as quickly as possible so I'm really sorry that they're all going to be super short!
There was a tense moment where Michael scanned the dark halls around them for some unseen evil. In that second Castiel’s mind was overloaded with a million regrets, fears, with a warring desire to beg for his life or die with dignity.
Slowly and in a sleepy fog, visions of the night before came trickling to the forefront of his mind. Dean, he sighed, falling back into the cozy bed with the overly fluffy pillows. This was Dean’s apartment with its practical furniture and almost decadently soft upholstery. He bit back a smile, burying his face into sheets that smelled like clean and sleep and Dean.
“Yes.” He purred, pushing into that tight heat right to the knuckle. He thanked god that Dean was still wet and loose from the night before, all ready for him to slip inside.
This was supposed to be his big freaking break—the defining moment in his
“Why are you here, Cas.” He asked, refusing to meet the other man’s gaze.
“Gabriel!” Castiel glared at him, “We don’t have a choice!”
“Leave Dean alone.” Castiel snapped, voice a freakin’ scary ass mix of pissed off and threatening that left absolutely zero room for debate. “Dean, I,” he faltered, concern clouding his eyes, everything about him instantly softer. If this kept up, he was gonna get whiplash. It was hard enough keeping up with Cas’ moods without experiencing this kind of back and forth. “Apologies,” he said, running a hand through Dean’s hair, “I—we have business.”
“They grabbed you.” Dean finished.
“Fuck you look good like this, baby,” Cas murmured behind him.
“Goodbye, love.” Castiel whispered, and that was it. That was their goodbye.
“Is it safe to go after Alastair when you’re about to meet with the big boss man?”
They held each other for awhile, until Dean’s breathing evened out and Castiel was sure that he’d fallen back to sleep. It took all of his strength to pull away, to slide quietly out of bed and sneak his clothes back on.
“Thank you,” he muttered, fumbling with the tie before she batted his hands away and did it up for him.
“Fuck, baby!” Cas shouted as Dean started clenching down in time to every thrust. “Fuck, want you to come, want you to come for me.” That was all it took to have Dean crying out, spilling into his panties, soaking them completely. Cas fucked him through his orgasm, looking so gone he looked almost possessed.
“Can I ask you something?”
“Look, I’m just sayin’ that if you’ve done somethin’ awhile ago that—”
“Uh, well. You’re, I mean, you’re cuffed so,” he gestured vaguely to Castiel’s crotch, unable to meet his eyes. “I don’t know how—where would I even—”
From the corner of his eye he could see Cas setting the lamp back down, body visibly relaxing as his brain took in the mystery man grinning in the doorway. A hand fell over top of his, forcing him to lower the gun. He didn’t he get a chance to ask Cas what the hell he was thinking before the stranger was shouting, “Rise and shine Cassie!” in a cocky British accent that irritated Dean almost instantly.
“Well too bad, Dean. I’m coming over. Don’t do anything stupid until I get there.”
. He was all big blue eyes and lean muscles, with a jawline that could chip a tooth and a voice so rough and deep it made you want to fall to your knees. Probably another reason they called him an angel.
“You’ll turn yourself in?”
“I know,” he breathed, eyes trained on the ground, hoping to avoid catching the errant gaze of his soon-to-be tutor.
Castiel’s jaw snapped shut and they sat there staring at each other for a few minutes. Then, without warning, the other man rose slowly from the chair. As he walked toward the door, he stopped to run his thumb along one of Dean’s cheeks, bending down to kiss him chastely on the head. He only lingered there for a moment, then walked straight out the door leaving Dean shocked and alone in the kitchen.
“Well,” Sam said, nearly knocking the table over as he ran into the living room to get the files. “Let’s say you somehow ended up falling into it with some bad guys, okay, but you desperately wanted out. What would you do?”
Dean would be fine—it was better like this. He ran a gentle hand through the man’s hair, watching a sweet unconscious smile pull across his lips.
After a few minutes, Dean was fucking himself desperately on Cas’ tongue, not caring how loud or slutty he sounded. In the mirror he could see how utterly wrecked he looked and he liked it, liked looking and what he saw. Through the reflection he could see that Cas was looking too, watching as his tongue thrust in and out of his body. When he pulled away, Dean could see a fine trail of saliva leading from Castiel’s pink lips to his ass, while more dribbled down his chin.
“He’s very sick. I was wondering if you could check in on him and perhaps bring him some flowers. He had some trouble last night and I’m afraid he’s feeling a bit—” Castiel swallowed, worry crashing down on him, “like death today.” He finally spat out. “I—I’m terrible worried.”
The anxiety was mounting the closer they got to the factory district, nervous voice in his head too loud to silence now. All these what-ifs and should-you-really-trust-hims were bouncing around in his thoughts, screaming at him to turn back.
The other man looked so excited by whatever was about to happen. Tiny tremors of nerves or maybe adrenaline wracked his body and Castiel delighted in the involuntary little movements, knowing that they were for him. They were his, like Dean was.
“You’re just going to give me Alastair? How do you know I won’t try to screw you over?”
“I won’t tell you again, Dean.” He hissed, wondering if maybe this was going too far. There was a roiling feeling in his gut, not wanting to actually force Dean to do something he didn’t actually want to do. He was about to offer some kind of out when the other man whimpered, a hand falling down to palm himself through his slacks. “You want this, don’t you?” Castiel breathed, leaning forward to rub the head of his dick against Dean’s lips. “Practically hungry for my cock.”
Castiel’s fists tightened in the back of Dean’s shirt; overcome with emotions he didn’t understand.
Whatever
Dean kissed his forehead and mumbled, “Not ready for what?”
The pleasure was intense, a bone deep kind of gratification that went beyond mere sexual stimulation. There was something about being able to feel Dean’s body moving underneath him: the sensuous shift of his muscles as he tried to get off, the weight of his erection, the slight tremor of his thighs.
“W-w-what?” Dean stumbled over his words as Castiel dragged across his prostate.
“You’re bloody ridiculous.”
Slick fingers spread the detective open easily, knowing he couldn’t afford to take his time with this—they were both too much on edge, too much in need. The third finger slipped inside as easily as the first two, Dean’s hole welcoming the intrusion with an eagerness that pulled a groan from Castiel’s lips.
“We’re going to make Michael believe he’s been terminated—to ‘fake his death’.” He said, using air quotes over the colloquialism.
At the last second Castiel pulled out, grabbing Dean by the hair and coming in hot ropes across his face. Without prompt, Dean opened his mouth to catch as much of the salty liquid on his tongue as he could.
“I saw the way they were looking at me,” the other man snapped. “Anyone of them could have been my assassin!”
The words sounded wrecked beyond belief as every inch of him shook with need and restraint. His balls tightened, dick throbbing incessantly against Castiel’s tongue. This was the best part about giving head: being able to feel his partner become almost imperceptibly harder in his mouth, the bitter taste of precome, the way the body constricts and trembles as it’s pulled closer and closer and closer.
Castiel sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose in exasperation. The longer the bickered like this, the more vulnerable they become. Back at the station, the officers would likely be waking up now and out for blood.
“I want to make love to you,” Castiel blurted out, surprising them both.
Instead—being the messed up coward that he was—he just stood their watching the car pull out, an honest cop taking two criminals home. This wasn’t right, this wasn’t what was supposed to happen. Everything was so far from okay that he couldn’t even think of a way to dig himself out of the morally bankrupt shithole he’d jumped right into. Dean sighed, scrubbing a hand over his face then trudging back to work a case he already knew who the murderer was.
“Your cousin?”
“To use me.”
Before long he was panting and hot all over, his whole body trembling as he rocked faster and faster, chasing that feeling, that feeling like, like—his vision went dark, a raw guttural sound ripped its way through him as he came in his pants. Cas used his leg to massage Dean’s dick, milking his orgasm for all it was worth, while Dean desperately tried to hold back a sob.
Dean nodded dumbly, the sight of Castiel so close to his cock robbing him of the power of speech.
“You want to keep testing—”
"'s good harder, Cas, please!" He begged, thrusting desperately forward, trying to take more and more of Castiel’s dick. But Castiel just continued the maddeningly slow rhythm, luxuriating in the feeling of dragging the thick flat head of his cock in and out of Dean’s hole, loving the way it caught on the tight rim and made Dean’s eyes roll back in his head. Every few thrusts he’d push all the way in slowly, forcing gaps and whines from the man’s body.
Today was going to be a good day. In the shower, he rubbed his hands into a soapy lather and trailed them across his body, humming a little at the touch. With his eyes shut it was easy to imagine his fingers were Castiel’s, running teasingly across his torso, brushing against his nipples. It was early enough in the morning to spare a few minutes to do this properly, to build up all the tension in his body before finally grabbing his cock. He gasped as he jerked himself, imitating the other man’s rough, sure strokes.
“You took it off me when I was arrested. I need it back, preferably within the next few days.”
Castiel hummed, getting up quickly to retrieve the oil and liberally coat his fingers and cock. When he came back, he was dripping with slick and the sight clearly did something to Dean who moaned lewdly before burying his face in the cushions, ass in the air waiting to be taken.
probably didn’t realize how loud his shitty music was. He waited. And waited. And—nothing?
He nodded dully, letting his eyes close shut and body curl in on itself. When morning came he woke up with the worst headache of his life, and the uneasy feeling that he’d done something stupid. Like, really friggin’ stupid. Beyond letting Cas walk out the door, he didn’t remember a thing. It was all just a blur of alcohol and the thought reminded him of his pounding head.
“That’s it?”
“No, I, I’m sorry we couldn’t help more.”
“You don’t remember, do you?”
After a moment, he became acutely aware of the sensation of being watched and heard a rustling of fabric. He listened to the quiet swishing noise for a minute before slowly peeling open his eyes. Immediately he focused in on Dean who stood above the couch, gently stroking himself as his gaze raked over Castiel’s naked body.
Dean gasped and moaned, only dimly aware that other people might hear him. He tried biting his lip to stop the sounds but it was too much, every swipe of Casitle’s tongue forced out new and humiliating sounds, causing his body to writhe and buck uncontrollably. When Cas’ tongue pushed it’s way inside him, Dean nearly cried. It wasn’t enough but he didn’t know how to ask for what he needed.
“You’re hopeless.”
He rolled his eyes. “He’s all muscle cars and leather jackets and sports and danger. That’s not me.”
Dean was a sight—body trembling and covered in sweat, lips puffy and parted, skin flushed such a breathtaking shade of red. His eyes were hooded, pupils completely black and body still rocking slightly, cock swollen and red with need.
He sighed. Balthazar had shattered the illusion of normalcy but the lingering memory of Castiel’s kisses kept him from being too upset. Regardless of what they were doing together, it was just business and Dean could live with just business.
“It’s not my gun.”
“So you’re totally welcome, you jerk!” She looked at him smugly.
“Dammit Cas, stop keeping things from me! You gotta trust me, man.” He slammed his fist down on the table.
It was dark and quiet when he got in but for once it didn’t bother him, the urgency of his arousal outweighing the emptiness of the apartment. He ran toward the bedroom, ripping clothing off on the way, not wanting to waste a second more than he had to with undressing. When he finally flopped down onto his bed, he was naked expect for the panties—cool silk sliding across his oversensitive skin.
“Fuck, you’ve got a great ass. Made for spanking.” Dean could hear the slapping sound of Cas fucking into his own hand, could hear the punishing rhythm he’d set for himself. Dean closed his eyes, breaths coming out in pants that matched Cas’ own. He imagined these were the sounds of Cas fucking into his body, slamming himself against Dean’s ass.
“Yes.”
“Hmm,” the man hummed again. Everything was silent for a few minutes before he finally muttered, “He means to kill me, Castiel. Kill me and anyone who’s been loyal to me.”
With one last aching look at his heavy cock, Dean padded back toward the bed with a cloth to wipe up his come. As he worked to wipe it up, Castiel reached a hand up to run through his short brown hair now damp with sweat. Despite his clear distress, Dean leaned into the touch though he refused to meet Castiel’s gaze. “What’s wrong, gorgeous?” He asked, turning the man to face him
“Were you followed?” Michael demanded suddenly, voice scratchy with disuse.
“What—what would you, ah, do to me? If I had them o-o-on?” They’d barely started and Dean was already panting, so desperate for it. Castiel gently pumped in and out, trying to spread the lubricant around as much as possible and wet the rim.
Cas chuckled. “You can have one kiss, gorgeous. Since you were so good, did just what I said.” He leaned in, closing the small space between them to capture Dean’s lips in a kiss that was almost chaste. It was awkward because of the bars, neither one of them could move much, but it still felt perfect to Dean.
Dean’s eyes were scrunched shut so tightly he knew he’d see spots the next time he opened them. The sound of Cas’ jerking himself off, the sound of his voice as he moaned and talked was all too much. A steady stream of precome was falling from his cock to the ground, dick twitching and straining, begging for attention. He wanted to scream, the pressure building and building in his body. His legs were trembling, muscles coiling tightly, a heat starting in his stomach and oh god—
“Yes,” he gasped as Cas pressed their bodies together, trapping his erection between them. Dean rocked forward, grinding the hard line of his cock against the other man’s torso. “Make me yours, p-p-please! Want to be your good boy again!” Dean shouted as Cas sucked a bruise onto his neck, aligning their hips before thrusting in time with his tongue.
Castiel grimaced as he pulled into the large driveway, allowing himself a moment of composure before following the path up to the main entrance. The door was large and ornate and he couldn’t help rolling his eyes every time his fingers wrapped around the pretentious brass knocker. Barely a second passed before the door was creaking open to reveal Uriel’s solemn face, glaring out at him.
He cringed; whatever it was that he’d forgotten was probably better left that way. If Sammy had come over last night it was pretty much guaranteed that they’d talked about—well, someone he did not want to be thinking about right now. “Dean it’s,” Sam started, clearly mistaking the look on his face for something else, “I don’t think you’re a bad person.”
“Couldn’t help myself, Cassie,” the man—Balthazar—shrugged, a perverse grin uncurling on his face, “had to sneak a peak at your little pet.” Eyes raked over Dean’s bare chest, making him flush and pull the covers up. The man chuckled, “And my, my, my! You’ve been holding out on us! Does he blush like a virgin on command?”
Of course Castiel was friends with attractive, spontaneous men who just broke into people’s apartments in the middle of the night. He wondered just how well they knew each other, worrying that maybe—well, they were both attractive and it wouldn’t be that much of a stretch to imagine them—
“I can’t do that! I—I haven’t even kissed before!” He hissed, eyes darting around to make sure no one had heard.
“I—you—” Dean stumbled over his words. “Everything, Cas—you’re, Cas,” he whined.
The moment his mouth was free he leaned up to kiss Dean fervently, gasping when the other man sucked the taste of his own release from his tongue. Castiel moaned, his erection brushing against the detective’s thigh. Dean reached his hand between their bodies, wrapping eager fingers around Castiel’s cock.
Castiel blushed.
“You guys would never be able to get enough evidence to convict them all and besides, Dean, you of all people should know that prison isn’t going to stop them if they still have power on the outside.”
“Settle!” Castiel shouted, glaring at all three of them. “Gabriel, Balthazar. Dean is here to help, he wants to help us and I trust that his word is true. Please, we have a number of predicaments that he may be able to solve but we will not know until he is apprised of the full situation. Will you let me proceed in explaining or do you insist on interrupting me every other sentence?”
and even though it wasn’t that funny, everyone had a good, relieved laugh anyway. The nurse informed them that patients were allowed two visitors at a time, so Dean told Ellen and Jo to go ahead and take the first shift. He settled into a chair in just down the hall in a closer waiting room, and leaned back against the wall, closing his eyes for
(Before Dean met Castiel, he told anyone who would listen that he was never one for praying, because it felt too much like begging, but he’s begging now, in not so many words, but Cas knows. Cas always knows.)
‘Yeah, thanks kid,’ Dean agreed, then turned to Cas and asked, ‘Hey, how’d you get here with all your stuff? I’m guessing you didn’t haul your portfolios on your bike?’
, because if Cas stops again he just might
‘Sure am, husband,’ Cas replied, then winced at how very corny they were, making Dean laugh out loud.
Typically at this point, Gorgeous Barista would give him a small smile, and tell him to have a good day, but instead today, he glanced over to his coworker, who smoothly slipped in to take his place at the register, and moved a few steps to the side to get out of the way of the line, and said, ‘I, uh, almost thought you weren’t coming in today. I was worried something might have happened to you.’
‘Yeah, I can see that,’ Dean said slowly, trying to figure out how best to phrase his next question without aggravating his husband further, ‘But what’s with the buzzing? I thought you were having some sort of fit.’
Cas weakly squeezed Dean’s hand, startling him, and tried several times to clear his throat. Dean jumped up, and reached for the half-melted bucket of ice one of the nurses had brought in at some point for when Cas woke up, and he fished out a decent sized piece, and held it to Cas’s lips. Cas accepted the ice gratefully, and a moment later tried speaking again.
‘I’m gonna get in so much trouble,’ Claire whispered frantically, voice breaking, ‘They’re gonna take me away from Jack. Please don’t let them split us up Dean, please. I promise, I’ll stop being a bitch, just don’t let them take me away. Please.’
Cas gave him a small, vulnerable smile, and said, ‘What can I say, it’s one of the many perks of being with you.’
Dean was about to roll his eyes, when he caught sight of Jack, who had stopped his monster mashing, and was watching his other father with wide, interested eyes. Dean bit back a grin, and said, ‘Oh yeah? What else?’
His chest feels heavy, and he finds he’s been pressing the heel of his hand against his sternum in a self-soothing gesture to try to ease the ache and emptiness there. It’s been ages since he’s felt this... Empty. He feels like he might be standing on the edge of something dark and dangerous, something that lives
But sometimes... Sometimes love was everything.
‘That’s the hick in him comin’ out,’ Benny supplied gleefully, ‘Only happens when our boy here is  tired, drunk, or feelin’ some kinda way, and wants to change the subject.’
. Cas lets out a huff of laughter that sounds like it might be masking a sob, then kisses him until they’re breathless all over again.
, and Dean’s hips arch off the bed, his body frantically searching for
‘Hey Charlie,’ Cas said guiltily, ‘Sorry to call so late. I wasn’t thinking.’
. The weight of his history is always
‘Send you ba- No, of course not!’ Dean replied, shocked, ‘Why would you ever- I’m so sorry if we made you think that for even a second. No, I promised, remember? Said you’re stuck with us.’
for being so absolutely wonderful and agreeing to beta for me for this insane world I have been working on, and allowing me to scream about all things fic-related at literally all hours of the day and night.
‘Thank you for bringing them home, officer,’ Cas said, his voice sounding very tight. ‘Is there anything else you need from us right now?’ When the officer declined, Cas extended one arm to give him a handshake, the other still wrapped around Claire.
ALSO, to anyone who does actually enjoy fluff and stuff, I posted a one shot fluffy piece of Dean/Cas/baby!Jack a few days ago called
, ‘We are
that he allowed this to happen, allowed a clear and present danger into a place of
‘Don’t tell me you learned
‘Yeah, okay, Cas,’ Dean said, rolling his eyes and looking embarrassed, ‘Still. I don’t know how your brain holds all the stuff you know. God, I love you.’
(What should come next is the ‘
‘Yes ma’am,’ Dean said with a bit of a smirk, ‘All of the dollars for all of the details. Got it.’
‘Don’t,’ Dean grunts, pulling back slightly, ‘Don’t use that word, Cas. Please.’
‘Aw, y’all just want me get that shit outta your way so y’all stop running into ’em,’ Dean mumbled, embarrassed.
‘Hey.’ He waited for Jack to look up, then continued, ‘It’s okay. I know you don’t believe it now, because... Because I didn’t believe it at first either. But it’s true. I... I used to be collared, and they- they saved me.’
Cas gave him a wary look, and asked, ‘Such as...?’
‘Did you just say ‘y’all’?’ Cas asked curiously, making Dean feel even more self conscious.
‘Sorry,’ he apologised. ‘Caught me daydreaming. What’s up?’
‘You can’t just leave,’ Dean almost snarls, trying like hell to focus on his indignant anger, rather than his hurt, ‘You don’t get to just fuck me and then fucking
‘Bobby?’ he asked, when his surrogate father barked a greeting. He took another deep breath, but couldn’t keep his voice from cracking as he said, ‘I need you.’
Please see end notes for mild content warning.
‘But I don’t
‘Good,’ Michael replied, with all the indifference of a warrior perusing the selection of a well stocked armoury. ‘You are prepared, then, to guard him until he has reached his prime, and is of use to our cause? You understand that once you are in position, you will be cut off from Heaven until we have need of you, and the sacrifice this entails?’
‘That’s awesome!’ Dean exclaimed, and extended his fist to her. She rolled her eyes, and fixed him with an unimpressed look, but then grudgingly gave him a fist bump. This little show had become something of a running joke between them, and it was hard to say which one secretly enjoyed it more.
The ceremony ended, and even more photos were taken, then it was finally time to go home and see what Charlie had in store for them.
better. He’d do it for Cas, and he’d do it for himself.
you weren’t gonna tell anyone!’
(Because he’s learned there is a difference between those last two.)
‘I got this,’ he told her, and Claire mumbled her thanks, and darted off to her room, calling Amara to follow her. Cas continued to put the groceries away, thinking hard about everything Claire had just said.
‘Charlie would too what?’ Charlie interrupted, as Dean and Cas had made their way to the register by then, ‘Oh, hey Dean! We thought you, uh-’
‘Okay, Mr Winchester,’ the sheriff said, ‘Please drive safely.’
In the end, though, the answer was pretty clear.
Claire had seemed a bit more settled after her first trip to the store with Dean. It was clear that something had happened, though they both outright refused to spill the beans as to what it was. Whatever had taken place, though, it brokered a sort of uneasy peace between them, though it hadn’t stopped Claire from rolling her eyes so hard Cas had been afraid they might get stuck in the back of her skull when Dean had tried to get her to fist bump. (‘What century is this?’ she’d asked, just staring at him, ‘
‘Well hello to you too, sweetheart,’ Dean said, a smile evident in his voice, ‘So you went back to the house without me?’
Jack and Claire started the sixth and eleventh grades respectively, and seemed to like their new schedules well enough. Claire was especially pleased that as an upperclassman she was now able to take Creative Writing, and spent many nights curled up in her favourite armchair with her journal that was now well-worn and nearly full.
‘Sure,’ Cas agreed, and they quickly made the rounds and said their goodbyes, saving the happy couple for last, and promising to have them over soon for dinner once they got back from their honeymoon.
Finally,
‘Cas, I’m close,’ he manages to gasp, and Cas barely has to reach between them to take Dean’s dick in hand, before Dean is coming, and coming
Dean couldn’t imagine ever being happier, which might have been true, had he not happened to be working at the garage the afternoon in the first week of February when Jody Mills, a local social worker, had hit a pothole
‘Everyone in this house is a fucking child,’ Claire grumbled, then let her own head fall dramatically to the table when all four adults chorused
Something inside Dean breaks — he might have said it was his heart, if he believed in that chick flick crap which, of course, he absolutely does not — so instead he says quietly, ‘You, Cas. Tonight, I need
. Dean didn’t understand a word of this at all, but he liked the way Dad laughed, and he liked the way the nasty policeman got tricked so the Bandit could outrun him. Dad ruffled his hair, and sang the theme song as he carried Dean up to bed, and tucked him in moments before Mom came in to kiss him goodnight, and tell him angels were watching over him.
Claire appeared a moment later, looking sullen, and opened her mouth, most likely to complain at having been summoned, but before she had a chance, he shoved the letter in her face. She took it from him, hands shaking, and just stared down at it for a long time.
‘Well, keeping him in a holding cell just seemed cruel, so he’s in one of the interrogation rooms,’ Sheriff Barker answered, and when Dean glared at her, she continued defensively, ‘Mr Novak, we are a very small department — it was either I stick him there or in the supply closet. At least there’s a table and chairs where he’s at.’
First of all, holy cow, it’s been a minute. Thank you all for your patience... I hope this monster size chapter makes up for it. (I think I might have actually lost my mind, but in my defence, there was a
Dean shrugged, ‘It’s just money... Can’t take it with you.’ There was a strange note of bitterness in his voice when he said that, that Castiel didn’t understand. Dean sighed, but then smiled again, (which gave Castiel a little thrill, even if it looked a little forced), and said, ‘So, in all seriousness... Bad morning?’
Claire actually let out a little huff of laughter at that, and said ‘Just fucking with you,’ but her shoulders relaxed just a tad, so Dean decided he could still count it as a win.
movies, drank an entire bottle of wine, and exchanged messy handjobs on Cas’s sofa, laughing at themselves self-consciously for acting like teenagers in puppy love.
on Cas’s, and
‘Yeah,’ Cas admitted guiltily, ‘I called the realtor. I’m here now, and Dean, I love it.’
something you could do?’
‘Please,’ Dean says again, and it’s possible he’s said that word more tonight than he has in his entire life. ‘I’m ready, Cas, so ready. Move — please.’
For their three month anniversary (Dean had been the one to ask shyly if they were going to be one of
from the Pizza Man,’ Dean gasps, letting out a groan so low he feels like it comes from his
‘No honey til the kid’s first birthday, got it, Cas,’ Dean said with a salute, not intending to even attempt to figure out what half those big words meant.
After that, there was much hugging, some crying, far too much picture-taking (in Dean’s opinion), and then finally they were back in the Impala, just the four of them, exhausted and wrung out by the heightened emotions and overall madness of the day. Dean slid into Baby, and just put his hands on the steering wheel for a long moment, trying to gather his thoughts and catch his breath. Cas slipped his hand over Dean’s, and gave him a reassuring squeeze.
“Ye-yes, Cas,
“No, I need a specific gun. The gun in your evidence lock-up.”
“Quit complaining. I’m trying to help you get some hot swimmer action.”
The thought of Dean waking up alone and confused hurt. It was unfair, he knew, but the alternative was too hard. There was Michael to meet and a plan to push forward; he didn’t have the luxury to risk waking the other man up to say goodbye. He was already fighting against every fiber of his being not to run back, to slip inside that welcoming bed and burrow against that wonderful man. If he tried to say goodbye, he’d be too tempted to just give everything up and stay there forever.
“I know, I know, but we can’t risk being seen and you can’t risk getting caught.”
“If you want to come,” Cas’s eyes narrowed into a squint as he scanned the room, before returning to Dean with a smirk. “You can jerk off into that cup.”
Steeling himself, he stood up straight, took a deep breath, then banged on the door. He waited, tense and trying to remind himself that Charlie was probably right:
The look was too much—he was overcome with a sense of jealous, of possessiveness. “Apologize.” Castiel snapped, wrenching open the front door with a little more force that necessary.
“Told them I had to deal with a client. Guy’s a real baby, so it’ll probably take all morning.” Sam didn’t even turn around from the stove, but Dean could practically hear the kid’s big dumb grin.
Dean moaned, head falling back in pleasure as his hands scrabbled to lace their fingers together. Castiel set a leisurely rhythm, indulging in the sensation of Dean’s dick slipping in and out of his throat. Precome and saliva dribbled down his chin as he sucked, and he groaned at the feeling.
“You’re so good,” Dean panted into his hair as strong thighs gripped tightly around Castiel’s own, making him feel surrounded by Dean’s warmth. “You s-saved me, Cas.”
Dean flushed, the sight sweet enough to distract him from the task at hand, he couldn’t help but feel warm all over at the sight of those red cheeks. “We sorta, I mean he, he kinda figured it out. He’s the one who convinced me to trust you after, um, after we fought.”
“Make sure Alastair sees her.”
“Right. But you can’t just walk up to a mafia king and kill him, they’re like a hydra.”
And that was it. Castiel wrapped his fist around both their cocks and started pumping desperately, erratically. Dean strained his head up, seeking, and Castiel slammed their mouths together. Teeth clashed as they frantically licked into each other’s mouths. Precome ran down the side of his hand and it was impossible to tell whose it was. Everything felt so good he was dizzy; falling forward he had to brace himself with his elbow on the bed, panting hotly in Dean’s ear.
“Perfect.” He sighed, lips tracing the shape of his hand that he’d left on Dean’s ass and then moving closer to the crack. Cas spread him open and ran his tongue across his hole. It was a barely there kind of touch but it had Dean moaning wantonly, pressing back against the other man’s mouth.
Everything was wrong. He sat up and scanned the room sleepily, noting the strange colors and smells and sounds, the way the dim light cast a different set of shadows across a differently furnished room. It was warmer here, more comfortable and lived in than his own austere home.
At some point between resurfacing and being set down on the pool deck, he must have passed out. When his eyes finally shot open he was choking and coughing up a lung full of water, Dean’s concerned face inches from his, hands steadying his shoulders.
“W-w-what ar—” He didn’t get a chance to finish his sentence because Cas was wrapping his fingers around Dean’s ankle and yanking him down to the edge of the bed. He tried to scream but Cas was too fast, pressing his body so hard against Dean’s that it was hard to breath. One hand stayed clutching his ankle while the other came up to cover his mouth as he leaned in to whisper in his ear.
“Not if you’re here. They’re going to start searching houses soon, but, but they won’t search here. You’re safer here.”
Castiel hummed, “But I like kissing you.”
All it took was a sharp twist of his wrist and Dean was coming all over Cas’ hand, a broken and wordless sob spilling from his lips. The other man continued to stroke him through his orgasm, milking him for everything it was worth. He thrust a few more times before joining Dean, filling him with more of his come. They stayed like that for a minute, just breathing as Cas’ cock softened and slipped free.
His hand was sweating as he nervously clutched the gun between their bodies; so close he could feel the man’s breath, his body heat. “So, what are you waiting for,” he breathed leaning as far into Castiel’s personal space as possible without kissing him. Cas licked his lips, eyes darting down to Dean’s then back up again. “Why don’t you just take what’s yours?”
“Anything. Please, Cas, I’ll do anything.”
Then Gabriel was laughing—a real gasping sort of laughter that just shattered all the tension. “Gabriel,” he warned but the harshness was lost in an involuntarily smile.
There was a long moment where Dean struggled under the weight of his renewed realization that Cas was still Castiel Novak, The Angel, a criminal. And not just any criminal but a dangerous person, someone whose job it was satisfy the whims of one of the biggest crime families in the U.S. Some estimated that he’d murdered upwards of a hundred people, some even more than that. The problem was that Castiel’s justice was absolute and almost graceful when it came to killing that it was almost impossible to find any evidence.
He looked around—everyone was staring at him, Charlie looking more concerned than he’d ever seen her before. “Sorry,” he mumbled, humiliated by the attention.
Castiel moved his leg, stretching it out on the table as far from his body as he could. He looked at Dean expectantly. The sharp angle made it clear that he wanted Dean to straddle his leg and without much hesitation, he complied. Cas’s thighs were thick and wide and this new position gave him a lot more space to rub himself off. He tried hard not to think about what he looked like, hands gripping the table, bent backward over his prisoner’s thigh.
“I imagine so. We had an arrangement but lately I’ve been,” he paused, searching for words, “otherwise engaged.”
“Then stop playing the damn song,” Dean said to no one, with all the venom he could muster.
“Go home. You look exhausted, brother.” Benny clapped him on the back.
Nobody spoke until they pulled into Gabriel’s driveway. “I know what I’m doing,” he said as sternly as he could manage.
They settled down in a sunny spot as far away from the little tower as possible and, consequently, from the wandering eyes of any lifeguards. It was a busy day, enough people splashing around that he was practically invisible. Castiel stretched out on his stomach, letting the sun fall across his bare skin as he thumbed open his book and let all his worry melt away. Beside him, Charlie’s nose was already buried in a worn copy of The Hobbit, both content to let themselves get lost in their own worlds.
“Got it, commander.” He winked and Castiel rolled his eyes as he pulled up in front of the house. “Coming in?”
He’d spent no more than two nights in evidence when he heard it. Or, more accurately, when he didn’t hear anything. Dean had grown used to the sounds of the night shifters opening and closing drawers, shoes clinking on the floor, the murmur of chatter behind the door. But not tonight, tonight it was so quiet it was almost deafening.
“I didn’t use you, Dean.” Castiel’s anger was back, lashing out dangerously. Under any other circumstances he’d probably have been afraid but right now he was blinded by his own hurt, anger, the deep sense of betrayal.
“Okay.” Dean’s voice was a sturdy timber that filled the room with an overwhelming sense of safety, permitting Castiel to indulge in such tremendous intimacy. “We don’t have to talk,” he said, running his hand through dark brown hair. “I won’t say anything, if that’s what you want. I’ll do anything you want.”
Things were even worse at the hospital. They waited for hours, not saying anything to each other, Dean putting as much physical distance between them as possible. The man wouldn’t even look him the eye. In the end, the whole thing was for nothing—he didn’t even have a concussion. “Sorry,” Castiel mumbled as they headed back to the car. They’d been in there so long it was getting pretty dark out. Dean didn’t even say anything, just grabbed his jacket out of the backseat and handed it to him. For a split second he thought about just giving it back, he didn’t exactly deserve this kind of kindness after running out on him last week.
Dean nodded feeling like a fucking idiot, and his hands reached up to pull at Cas’ fly. There was no reason to do this, he
“Of course you are, come, sit and let us talk. Drink?” He accepted, noting with pleasure that Uriel was not offered anything.
—how the hell was that fair?
Inside the kitchen, servers and chefs bustled about preparing the evening meal. Michael stood with his back to the doorway, head bowed over a large pot boiling beside an anxious looking cook.
“Cas?” Dean hesitated, the last thing he wanted was to annoy the guy into changing his mind and besides he’d been enough of a freakin’ baby for one night, thank you very much. Still, he needed to know if Cas was gonna be there when he woke up. Call it intuition or whatever, but he felt this queasy sick sort of anxiety settling in, like his body was convinced it was going to wake up worried and alone.
“And another one grows right back in its place, yeah.”
“Sorry, Cas.” Dean said, eyes genuine and caring making him flush again.
“Y-y—” Dean tried to stutter out a response but cut himself off by moaning and straining, unable to speak.
“Are you sure?”
“That’s the bloody point! You’re smitten; he’s corrupted your thoughts. When was the last time you trusted anybody?”
“Yes.”
As such, Castiel reckoned, it was paramount that Sam form a decent impression of his character—despite the circumstances. It was, after all, apparently important to receive a siblings blessing and while he couldn’t care less about what Gabriel thought of his partner, Dean would likely care a great deal about Sam’s opinion.
“Do you really think you deserve to touch me after that?” He used the hand not touching himself to motion in the direction of the coffee. Dean ducked his head, feeling strangely ashamed.
The telephone was, thankfully, far away from the bedroom and he padded over to it quietly, murmuring where to direct his call at the operator. There was a soft buzzing sound as the he was connected, and then a tired voice was cutting through the static.
“But it’s not your gun.”
“Why don’t we just send your pet to occupy his wannabe daddy? Why do we even need the brother?”
“Dean.”
“All I do is hurt the people I care about, all I do is ruin things.”
“Fine,” he huffed, “I need another favor.”
When he reached a hand down to touch his own cock, Castiel kicked it away. “No.” He breathed harshly, barely able to think he was so close to finishing. His orgasm felt like it was being ripped from his body, sucked out by perfect lips and a wicked tongue. Dean had gotten so much better since the last time and it made him wonder whether he’d found someone else to practice on. The thought made that same terrifyingly possessive feeling wash over him as it had when he was fucking Dean last night.
“You look good, baby brother. Deano won’t be able to keep his hands off you.” Castiel shrugged into his blazer and finally wrapped his trench coat around his shoulders. “Can we go, now?”
“Did you touch yourself?” He asked gruffly, coldly, still not looking up to meet Dean’s eyes. There was no reason to turn around anyway; he could feel the bright red blush creeping up the man’s cheeks from across the room. The image was just too sweet. He had to bite back a smile, his whole body consumed suddenly by a bubbling giddiness that pushed all other thoughts from his mind.
“Captain says you haven’t slept in a month and, uh, you’re too thick in the head to realize—”
“Oh, Cassie?”
“Thought about fucking you for years, gorgeous.” He spit again, amplifying the slippery sound of smacking flesh. “The minute I found out what the—uh—cop—fuck—tailing me looked—ah—like. Fuck, Dean.” He groaned, the sound of his hand moving even faster. “Used to watch you jerk off. Watched you,” he gasped, “touching yourself right here, when you thought no one was looking.” He panted. “Heard you say my name, Dean. Knew how bad you wanted my cock. Knew how hard you were when you were—ah—interrogating me.”
‘Hey, you’re Cas, right?’ the brother asked, sounding like he was trying very hard to keep it together. Castiel nodded, and the brother continued, ‘I’m Sam, Dean’s brother. He wanted me to come in here and say thanks for letting me know he was having a problem, and that he’s sorry you had to see that.’
a chick, and would inevitably be into... Chick... Things...?) He then groaned, and smacked himself in the forehead, startling Claire. ‘Uh,’ he said awkwardly, ‘Did you, uh, really need tampons and Midol, or were you just screwing with me, cos I don’t think we grabbed any?’
‘Nope, ya done put the idea in my head now,’ Dean grunted, and stomped his feet into the rubber boots he kept by the back door for when he had to run out and tend to the chickens, ‘Ya got only yourself to blame.’
Dean started therapy as well, and it was... A process. He’d almost gotten off on the wrong foot with Dr Call-Me-Cole Trenton, by coming in surly and irritable until Cole had pointed out that he was getting paid either way, so if Dean wanted to sit there and sulk for the whole hour, Cole was fine kicking back and collecting his pay check, because the only one suffering from that arrangement would be Dean. Dean knew that it wasn’t just him that would be suffering, though, it was everyone in his life that gave a damn about him, so he grit his teeth, and dug in. And hoo, boy, did he dig in hard.
‘Yeah, I know,’ she said, wrinkling her nose in disgust. ‘But this is a special occasion, and should be treated as such. I’m still your Best Everything, right?’
. He argued that he would only get on a plane if he was the one piloting it, and Cas countered by saying he wasn’t getting into any plane flown by Dean, and that was that.
‘Too bad some asshole took out your wheels so you can’t drive yourself,’ Dean said with deadpan sympathy. Castiel rolled his eyes, but then Dean continued, ‘I meant it when I said I’d drive you anywhere you needed to go while the bike’s in the shop. I know you might not trust my driving after all this, but I swear, I haven’t even gotten a ticket in the last ten years, much less had an accident. My car’s my baby, same as your bike is yours.’
Judging by the way she was swaying where she stood, it was clear to Dean that she didn’t look like she could physically make even it another ten yards, much less win a fight, but he believed without a doubt that she would go down swinging to protect her son. He raised his hands, palms out, and looked her straight in the eye when he said, ‘I swear to you — we’re not a training center or a punishment center. We-
Black.
What the hell?
‘I do,’ Cas said slowly, ‘But Dean, buying a house is a big leap from sharing an apartment... And think of the drive. You just said you thought Benny was nuts for living this far out.’
,’ Dean mumbled, and leaned over to give Cas a kiss. ‘Mornin’, sweetheart,’ he said, his voice still sleep-rough. ‘Ready to promise ‘til death do us part’?’
‘We could file for a civil union after June,’ Cas suggested, ‘I know it’s not exactly a marriage, but it’s really close. I mean... If you killed someone, I wouldn’t have to testify against you in court. Or, if I ended up in the hospital again, Bobby wouldn’t have to pretend to be my dad in order to find out what’s going on.’
in his want to protect Balthazar, and that makes Bal feel all sorts of uncomfortable emotions. He’d nearly fallen over when he’d opened the door of Cassie’s office to see all five feet, eight inches, and one hundred forty pounds of Kevin about to come barrelling inside, waiting room chair hoisted above his head like
really cool,’ Cas said earnestly, ‘What kind of dinosaur?’
Six months in, they had their first big fight, entirely due to Dean’s insecurity, immaturity, and self-loathing. Dean was actually surprised it had taken that long for him to show his ass like that (considering how often Cas got him to show his ass in every other conceivable way), and it would end up taking
(https://mslilylashes.tumblr.com/post/657442374614646784/salt-burn-no-04-water-coloured-roses-the)
‘You really do, Dean,’ Castiel added earnestly when he saw Dean open his mouth to start arguing again, ‘I always wished I could create something physical like that,’ then hurriedly added, ‘Don’t even
Bobby, always good in a crisis, hadn’t asked too many questions, just told Dean to wait by the door, and he’d be there in half an hour. Twenty minutes later he pulled into the driveway, and Dean sprinted out to Bobby’s old Chevelle, nearly tripping over his own feet. They drove in silence, but Bobby kept a grounding hand on Dean’s shoulder the whole time, and next thing he knew, they were pulling into the hospital parking lot. Bobby had barely put the car in park by the emergency department before Dean was bolting through the ER doors.
‘I won’t get in trouble,’ Dean assured her, ‘As long as you don’t do it again. Claire, I would have gotten you anything you wanted in the joint. You didn’t have to lift it.’
adopt, so all that remained was the legal side of things. Jody wrote glowing references based on her observations at the home visits, and recommended a really superb adoption attorney, Hannah Johnson, with whom she had been working closely with for many years. Hannah told them not to worry about a thing, and she took to the task of filing the adoption papers with the court immediately, and within a week let them know that their court hearing for the adoption would be the last Friday of October. Cas let Jack mark it on the family calendar with big letters, and every time Dean caught sight of it during the following weeks, he felt a bubbly sort of anticipation in his stomach.
said to tell you to go straight home. Well, ask. He said he was worried the residents might smell that you were distressed, and that might upset them in turn.’ He says Cassie’s name with a furtive look around like he expects the alpha to jump out of the supply closet and berate him for referring to him so casually.
"Not yet," Castiel retorted, reading his mind. Cas hummed in agreement. He moved around to face Dean, no longer supporting him, and placed some pillows behind him to lean on. Castiel pulled Dean's boxers away, and his dick sprang up to hit his stomach. It left a smear of precome across his skin. "You're right," Castiel remarked, "It is better this way.”
was fucking hard. He whined against the air. It was getting chilly in the places where Cas’ body had been warming him up. “Let’s not and say we did,” he said. “Come on, baby, don’t ya wanna fuck me?”
“What did you like?” Dean asked him. He played with the short hairs on the back of the angel’s neck. Castiel’s eyes were half closed, and his breath had picked up. His chest rose and fell unevenly. “Tell me,” he coaxed.
“Fuck me, Cas, please,” he mumbled. He felt drunk on him. He heard Cas whimper but, to his dismay, felt him shake his head against the crook of his shoulder.
Cas said. Dean practically felt his pupils dilate.
“What the f-“ he started, then reconsidered, “What are you talking about, man?” Dean walked into his room and shut the door behind him. “Why are you going through my stuff?” he asked. It didn’t matter. He knew he was caught. He could try and play it off, though. He leaned back on the door.
“Alright, whatever,” he said, tossing the words over his shoulder as he left the room.
"Now, please. Cas you gotta fuck me," he said, arching his back, and pushing his body into him. Cas hushed him, and ran a hand down Dean's cheek.
"What do we need?" Castiel asked, ready to get anything for them.
He pulled out a small, green dildo. Cas’ eyes widened. It had blunt spikes on it, obviously meant to enhance pleasure, and a switch at the base. He slathered it with more lube, and laid back. It entered him easily, preparation and practised ease helping him, and soon he was thrusting into himself desperately. He was breathing so heavily, and each exhale was accompanied by a desperate whimper. “Cas,” he managed. Castiel was trying very hard not to make himself known, but he also couldn’t bring himself to leave.
"As in,
"Yes," he sighed, "Yes, do it.” Dean almost begged, if he did that sort of thing, of course. Cas removed his hand slowly, and pulled him up. He practically manhandled him, making him straddle Castiel's waist. He decided to ignore the excited thrill of electricity that the show of force gave him. Cas guided Dean to slowly sink down on the other angel's dick, and listened appreciatively to the duet of groans that followed.
had accidentally put
If Dean had thought he’d felt some kind of way in June, watching Claire cross the stage at graduation, that was nothing compared to what he felt as he, Cas, and Jack drove away from the BGSU campus, leaving Claire behind. They’d all driven out together — Claire and Cas in Claire’s car, Dean and Jack in the Impala — then helped her get settled into her tiny dorm room, and then it was time for them to say their goodbyes. Claire walked them out to the parking lot, and hugged each of them in turn, then stood there waving as they drove away until they finally lost sight of one another.
Cas pulled him into an embrace then, and pressed their foreheads together. ‘You should have told me you felt this way,’ he scolded lightly, ‘We could have left at any time. Let’s go grab our coats and leave now.’
He wasn’t sure what had possessed him to actually talk to Dean that particular day — perhaps it was the feeling of disappointment that had settled in so snugly under his rib cage when 06:45 came and went, and there was no sign of his favourite customer. Even Charlie had noticed, and together they speculated what could have been keeping him. When they both saw and heard the big, black muscle car rumble into the parking lot, Charlie had actually cheered out loud, and made an embarrassing comment about Castiel’s ‘hottie’ finally showing up, which made several nearby customers chuckle, and Castiel turn bright red. Charlie had danced away from the register mere seconds before Dean entered the shop. He probably didn’t realise, but as the manager of the coffee shop, Castiel was rarely, if not never, required to be taking orders, but he’d started making an exception, at 06:45 only.
. Cas glares up at him, and after regarding Dean’s bemused expression, says, ‘If you wish for me to stop fellating you, you can simply say so. You needn’t bring prophets into it.’
‘You ain’t drivin’ anywhere, chief,’ Benny said, snatching the keys from his hand, ‘C’mon, cher, I gotcha.’
why the kid reacted the way he did — he can’t even
Seventeen. They were thinking the kid was seven-freaking-teen.
‘I think only a monster could,’ Cas said seriously, then gave Dean his patented side eye, and Dean let out an even more dramatic groan.
‘Nothin’ stupid about this at all, buddy,’ Cole assured him quietly. ‘Sounds to me like you’ve got a touch of post-traumatic stress disorder from your accident — happens all the time following a big upset like what you had — and when your daughter got in
were the one completely exposed, but he must have found what he was looking for, because a moment later, he nodded, and shakily released his wrists from behind his back. He reached for the clothes, deliberately setting the food back down on the floor. Dean stood back up and turned slightly to give the kid some privacy. After a reasonable amount of time had passed, and the sounds of shuffling and movement behind him settled down, Dean turned back around.
, which Dean had stumbled across while searching for a first dance song for the party after their civil union. ‘Hey, it’s Don Henley, you know, from the Eagles?
‘I ain’t going nowhere,’ Bobby said gruffly, ‘Gotta stick around for you ’n Cas to adopt them kids, so I can pull the honorary grandpa card and send ’em back to you all sugared up as payback for all those shenanigans you pulled growing up.’
‘I know you said you might not want to ride again, and I get that, sweetheart,’ he said quietly, ‘I understand. What you went through was terrifying, and if you decide you’re not ready, then I totally support that. I just wanted you to have the option to ride
Concerned, Cas turned to Jack, handed him some cash, and said, ‘Hey, why don’t you go and buy a copy of the magazine for us, and let me talk to Dean for a minute?’ Jack nodded, eyeing Dean warily, but took off a moment later.
Castiel made a face before he could stop himself, and said, ‘Late morning. Charlie, for all her wonderful qualities, is someone who’s going to be late to her own funeral — which incidentally will be sooner, rather than later if she keeps getting us here that close to opening again.’
, but other than that he really didn’t know what to expect. As such, he was only mildly surprised when he was met in the waiting room by a man in a grey henley shirt who was a few inches shorter, but significantly more fit than he was.
per se, but he certainly isn’t a spring chicken anymore, and sleeping on a lumpy sofa at his age does no favours for his back. He changes, brushes his teeth, climbs into bed, and is
Dean slept through his alarm, and woke up late — an occurrence that he loathed so much so that when it happened, it was usually enough to throw off, and subsequently ruin his entire day. He swore impressively the entire time he got washed and dressed for the day, almost disappointed no one was around to appreciate the creativity he put into insulting his non-existent advisory’s mother and anatomy.
for those things to happen, and he was always so earnest about the whole situation that Dean and Cas had a hard time grounding him. (Though being grounded now included Jesse still coming over half the time, so it wasn’t quite as effective as it might have been. Cas was mildly comforted with the knowledge that at least Jack
, they had built a beautiful life together, and that alone was worth any cost.
‘Well... I should probably...’ he gestured vaguely to the area behind the counter, and Dean nodded.
was nothing like that.
‘First things first — shoes,’ Dean said as they walked inside and grabbed a cart, ‘I think y’all are really gonna need some boots at least. It’s probably too late to grab snow boots, but rain boots and some good socks should do just fine.’
‘Dean, it’s really okay,’ Castiel assured him for what felt like the hundredth time. He smiled shyly, then said, ‘Plus, think of this, if not the accident, we never would have talked, and I would have just kept calling you ‘Mystery Mechanic’ every time I talked about you.’
Balthazar pauses for a moment, then simply sends.
with pupils blown wide,
‘What do you mean
Cas sat up straight, swaying slightly, and grabbed Dean’s hand, bringing it to his lips, and kissing his knuckles, ‘It’s amazing, babe. I’m so proud of you. I’d kiss you, but I’m an absolute wreck right now.’
After dropping Cas off at the coffeehouse at 04:15 on the dot, Dean would return to his own apartment, and putter around for the next few hours until it was time to head back out for work, and his second stop by The Daily Grind. Cas had stopped charging him for his coffee as a thank you for driving him in, so Dean had taken to throwing his cash straight in the tip jar, despite Cas’s protests. It was kind of comforting — this mundane daily routine they had fallen into — and Dean was actually sort of dreading the day he finished the motorcycle repair, because it would mean an end to those few stolen minutes with Cas in the morning.
And Cas
It was the first weekend of June, and Dean and Cas were sitting in the kitchen, drinking their morning coffee, and lazily debating if they should have celebrated the thirtieth of May as their dating anniversary, now that they had the anniversary of their civil union coming up in November. (Dean said that any reason to party was reason enough, and that by ‘party’, he meant ‘get Cas naked’, and Cas said that pragmatically having an anniversary in both May and November was reasonable, as they were six months apart, so it just made sense, and it took an embarrassingly long while for them to realise they were both arguing the same point.)
‘Oh my god,’ Dean groaned, eyes flying open in surprise, ‘You speak French. Of fucking course you speak French. Goddamn, Cas,’ he exhaled, shifting a bit in his seat, ‘Okay, well that’s a new kink unlocked, holy crap. We are
‘Oh no,’ Dean said faintly, ‘Yours?’
‘But it’s your
a teenager, and here he was, acting like he was running for student body president. He shook his head, and grabbed a pair of navy rain boots in Jack’s size, and a pair of red and black sneakers for good measure, since the ones he had back at the house definitely looked as though they had seen better days.
He didn’t think of what may, or may not be waiting for him further down the road.
‘Do it,’ Cas confirmed.
forgotten time and space exist, because all that matters is that single moment of indescribable closeness. Once Cas bottoms out, he doesn’t move for a long moment, just stares down at Dean, studying him, and Dean stares back. (Over a decade of furtive glances, and near misses, and living, and dying, and fighting (both side by side, and against each other)... All this passes between their locked gaze, and if the moment fractures into stardust so brilliant it makes Dean’s eyes water, it’s okay, because Cas’s eyes are equally bright. He is giving Dean what he asked for, because he will never deny Dean anything.)
Cas nodded knowingly, and watched as Dean and Benny hoisted the dragon into the truck bed. Charlie reappeared then, having been popping in and out of their company all day, as various friends and acquaintances had stopped by to pay their respects to ‘their queen’ (Dean would definitely have to get more details on that later), and punched Cas in the arm.
As if summoned to waking by the thought, Cas rolls over, and catches sight of Dean, torn between glaring at the intruding light, and positively melting at sight of Cas wrapped in his arms. Everything had remained almost unbelievably chaste between them since they’d gotten Cas back, and had dealt with the wake of the words Cas admitted he never thought he’d have to face the consequences of. There had been words — some screamed, and some sobbed — and there had been the simultaneous need for time and space to process, and the desperate want to never let go. However, it didn’t take long at all until Dean decided he was never going to lose Cas again, and after that, the rest was gravy.
Asa made no move to take the receipt, just said again, ‘Sir, I’m going to need you and the young lady to come with me now,’ and gave the cart a little tug in the direction of the customer service counter. Completely baffled by this sudden turn of events, he followed wordlessly, then looked over to check on Claire, and found she had gone sheet white, and looked like she might burst into tears. Startled by this, Dean paused, and put his hand on her arm.
‘Rough day?’ Dean asked, green eyes twinkling, ‘Or is this new look just part of the shop’s feeble attempt to drum up new business by tempting all the ladies — or fellas, I don’t judge —  with that ‘just fucked’ hair ya got going on?’
remained.
Dean pulled out his phone to read the latest text from Bobby —
‘She said I’m the hottest piece of ass she’s seen all day,’ Dean said, enjoying the suspense too much to put Sam out of his misery, ‘Said she’ll be my baby-daddy, and I can live out the rest of my days as a kept-lady.’
They went back and forth with Claire for a few more minutes, but then let her go so she could meet up with her friends. She ended the call with a hurried ‘love you guys’, then hung up quickly before anyone could get any more emotional.
, or maybe like his blood has been charged with electricity, or... Some other dramatic figure of speech that means he feels
‘Yes,’ Cas said immediately, voice hoarse, ‘When we say we want you, it’s for- for the rest of our lives. This isn’t something I-
Cas let out a shaky laugh, because otherwise he might just cry over how much he’d missed this, and how happy he was to be riding again. Tentatively, he accelerated — just a little bit — and relished the feeling of the wind whipping past him, the world narrowing to just him, his bike, and the road.
loved anything with a motor as much as he did, but that didn’t necessarily mean he shared that
‘Uhm, well... There’s a course I can sign up for that starts in two weeks, and it’s twenty hours of training in a classroom and on a bike, but, uh... I was just wondering what you thought about maybe doing it with me?’ Cas asked, his words coming out in a rush. ‘It’s just- I... I’m worried I might not have a great reaction when it’s time to actually ride, and... I don’t know. Cole and I thought maybe having you there would help? But I mean, if that won’t work with your work schedule, or whatev-’
“You had me so worried!” He shouted, pushing his way into the apartment. “Jerk.” He added, shoving Dean slightly on his way to the kitchen.
Castiel walked quietly from Uriel’s side to where the dark haired man stood, offering a ladle. He briefly considered the likelihood that it was poisoned before pursing his lips and slurping the liquid. Michael’s blue eyes watched him carefully, thoughtfully, as Castiel considered the soup. “Anymore more salt and you’ll ruin it. Let it cook down, Michael.”
lmao same song?
So, I think there is about one long chapter left but I might break it into two smaller ones depending on how long it takes me to write them!
“So we thinking a—ah—a rival gang or some Captain America wanna be?” He tried to joke but his throat was dry, images of Balthazar and Castiel kept flashing in his head making him feel sick.
“Yes,” he said sternly. “Though, you were never part of the escape.”
The clock on the wall read 6:45, so he figured if they could finish this up in about five minutes Dean would still have enough time to get work without being too late. In an effort to finish as fast as possible, he grabbed the sides of the other man’s face and started fucking him in earnest. The head of his cock slammed into Dean’s throat again and again, making him choke and sputter.
“This is—”
Castiel gripped Dean’s jaw tightly, forcing it to the side to expose the delicate curve of his neck. He buried his face against it, panting harshly, teeth grazing the sensitive skin as they rutted against one another.
“Yeah. Charlie prefers reading with ambient noise so we—”
“Did I do something wrong?” Dean asked sadly, tears brimming in his eyes.
“You don’t have to talk to him,” Charlie whispered as they rounded the corner, shrieks and laughter more audible the closer they got to community center. Blood pounded in his ears, anxiety knotting in his stomach with every step they took. Why had he thought changing into his bathing suit would be a good idea? Now every flaw was glaring up from his naked torso, on display for every attractive lifeguard to see.
