“What, you don’t think God wanted this?” Dean asked. “Didn’t he wipe out humanity a few times before?”
Dean dug his hands in his pockets and shrugged. “I spent a long time researching the best marriage counselors, and this place came highly recommended.” Dean frowned. “If this is our last shot, then I’m not going to half ass it.”
“Okay, I’m ready to tell you about my date with Jess,” Sam said, putting his dirty dish on the sink. He refilled his cup with orange juice and sat back at the table.
“Well, that’s because I really like girls.” God, Dean was such an idiot. What was he getting at? “I mean, I really do. You believe me, don’t you?”
But Dean hoped Lisa hadn’t noticed. They were doing so well. He was determined not to ruin their good streak. So Dean threw a hand over her shoulders and kept it there.
Castiel rolled his hips against Dean’s, and Dean felt the sudden hardness underneath the towel he was wearing. “Are you sure?”
Castiel unlocked his car, his back to Dean. “I’m free to park wherever I please. If it’ll make you feel better, you can file a complaint to HR.”
Now that he had him so close, Dean could smell Castiel’s green apples shampoo, always with a hint of peppermint. Dean had his legs stretched out over the blanket and Castiel matched the position, leaving his hand open between them, like he was hoping for Dean to hold it. Dean did, playing with Castiel’s hand like he often did.
Castiel remembered the day Dean pulled his cake out of the oven, wrote something on it, and handed it to Castiel. In beautiful cursive, the words
Amelia shuddered. “Oh, no. There’s nothing I can think of that’d be worse than going camping. But thank you for getting Castiel out of the house for a weekend. You’re truly doing the Lord’s work, Dean.”
Dean pinched the bridge of his nose, feeling like the smallest man on the planet. He had absolutely no role to play here. Dean was the extra, who didn’t really matter in this play. God, Dean wished he could scream into the void right about now. But he had to keep it together.
Ellen was holding Claire in her arms. “Castiel, you have such a sweet baby. She’s so calm. My Jo was never this calm as a baby.”
Castiel nodded, heading for the bathroom. After a lot of digging, he managed to find petroleum jelly and brought it back to Jess. “Anything else?”
The loud knocking on the door woke Dean up. Castiel had a hand draped around Dean’s waist, and he groaned.
Castiel picked her back up and rocked her slightly as her eyelids fluttered closed. Dean had been right when he’d said she was perfect. “Should I put her back in the crib?”
Since it was Sunday, they needed to go grocery shopping. Claire would be up from her nap any second, so Dean went looking for Castiel to remind him. That was the
And Castiel knew that they would. He was determined to have his sister in his life from now on. He’d discovered that he wanted this change, too. There had always been a gap in his life that Anna had left behind. A longing for that big sister whom he’d loved growing up and had looked up to for years. Now that he’d gotten her back, he wasn’t going to let her go again.
Dean sighed. “Hell, I can’t remember. It feels like all my life I’ve known.” Dean pondered on it. “Actually, it was probably in middle school when I had a crush on this boy named Alex Ramirez—I can’t believe I still remember his name—that I knew for sure that I didn’t just get crushes on girls.”
Dean smiled. For the first time, Dean felt okay at hearing those words said to him. He didn’t feel like a fraud anymore. “Thanks, Sammy. You didn’t have to call just to say that.”
Castiel thought he was falling then, but Amelia pulled him into her arms, and he clung to her like his life depended on it. He hadn’t been expecting to fight with Dean over something Lisa did. In what world did that make sense? What the fuck had gone wrong there? Castiel gripped Amelia, trying to remember how to breathe. Dean had kicked him out of his house. He didn’t want anything to do with Castiel anymore. He’d forgiven Lisa, but he was done with Castiel.
Dean kissed the top of his head again. “I know, kiddo. Me neither. But Aunt Amelia knew how much you loved her.”
Dean pushed his shoulder against Castiel’s. “You’re my best friend, Cas. I would never do anything that makes you uncomfortable.”
Dean was sound asleep on his side facing them, mouth completely open with drool slipping out onto the sleeping bag. Dean was snoring very lightly, and he had one arm slightly draped around Ben, like he feared he’d slip away from him while he slept.
Dean rolled his eyes, even though Castiel couldn’t see it. “I was thinking about doing something tonight. Like bowling.”
Dean laughed. “Not at all. When I planned for this trip, all I knew was that I wanted to get more inspiration for my Mothman sketches. I knew I wanted to visit this town. I figured I would spend most of my time here, not on the road.”
“Yes, it has. I heard from Amelia you guys have been spending some time with the new neighbors. Rosa and I still haven’t gone over to introduce ourselves yet.”
Dean let out a breath of relief. The knowledge that Ben was safe and nearby was enough to ease the tightness in his heart. “Yeah, that’s alright. We can talk.”
Dean looked at him, and Castiel didn’t look angry, but he was definitely upset. “I don’t know what else to say to stop you.”
“No, no, dude. I’m not having sex with him. I’m just…sleeping in the same bed with him. It’s totally innocent, really. We mostly just cuddle. And we’ve been more physical with each other, but it’s all platonic.”
The door opened, and Castiel stood there, smiling proudly. Castiel was all dressed, and his dark hair was wet. His eyes dropped to Dean’s boxers.
“Me neither,” Castiel said. “I’ve done book signings before, but never with this many people. I never counted on all our success. I should have known, though. Working with you would get me all the fame.”
“Look what I found, Castiel,” Esther said, kneeling in front of the television and setting the box down next to her. “These are the DVDs I sent my Amelia when I transferred all our old home videos into discs. We have to see them. I know there’s one here with Amelia in her ballet class and another of her acting out her favorite Star Wars scene. I haven’t seen these in ages.” Esther turned the DVD on and called out to Robert to join her.
“God, you are such a sap. Have you always been this way? Why am I just finding this out now? I always thought you were this unbreakable force who buried his feelings from the world. You never even cried in front of me.”
“All you ever listen to is classic rock. Harry Styles is a talented musician. You should give him a chance. I love this song. It makes me think of you.”
Dean threw his head back in laughter. “Smooth. Maybe after lunch. I saw a diner on our way in. I’m craving burgers.”
The house was filled with laughter, good music, and mouthwatering smells by the time the rest of their family arrived. Dean went to greet Ellen with a hug and a kiss on the cheek.
After walking through the entire Stockyards Museum, they were just in time for the Championship Rodeo. It was better than Dean had expected and his expectations had been pretty high.
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Don’t you dare eat that meatloaf. I had to work from an old ass recipe that was very difficult to read and I am
“We won’t be late,” Castiel said. “At least I hope this doesn’t take too long. They said I would be out of there by 10:30, but you never know when it comes to these events.”
A deep voice announced the show’s host, Gabriel, and then he ran out to the stage, holding a stack of cards in one hand and a microphone in the other. He looked like any ordinary game show host, except as soon as he faced the audience, his wings took him flying off the ground. He flew in front of the audience, giving a few high-fives, and stopping for a few pictures before he flew all the way to a red velvet chair in front of the podiums. There, he sat like a king on his throne, chin lifted and placid smile.
Castiel moved when Dean tugged his hand, and suddenly they were both on one couch while Meg took up the entire space of the smaller loveseat. Gabriel remained standing, his head tilted slightly as he took each of them in.
“I ask myself that every time,” Sam said. “But Dean’s my brother. I’ll stick by him, even when he makes me go ghost hunting on a Friday night. What about you?”
Dean smiled. Of course Ben would want that dog around on bowling night. “I don’t think they allow dogs inside, Ben. But we can see Dandy any other time.”
“Yeah, she does,” Dean said, trying to find a way to lift Ben’s spirits again. “But hey, Claire was born healthy, and she’s growing really fast.”
Castiel pressed a kiss to Dean’s temple. “Come on. Our daughter missed you, too. She’ll go crazy when she sees you.”
“Yeah. Um, I don’t have anything for you, Dean. I’m sorry.” Cas set the flowers down gently. “Do you want a free record?”
Esther had stopped her chopping, gazing at Castiel with tearful eyes. “Oh, sweetheart. Amelia always used to say you were a romantic and I finally understand what she was talking about. You know, I was married before Robert.”
Dean decided to stuff those concerns deep down in his brain. He parked his Impala next to Castiel’s Prius and made the walk up the stairs to his floor. When he made it to his desk, he noticed Castiel wasn’t there, even though his car had been in the parking lot.
Claire was babbling what sounded like long sentences in an unknown language. She was going on and on, only stopping whenever Dean fed her another piece of watermelon.
Castiel turned to him, and gave him a sad smile before putting the book back. He dug his hands into his pockets as he walked around the room, looking at the paintings and framed pictures on Dean’s walls. “Still a fan of Johannes Vermeer, huh?”
And then he felt her arms around him, anchoring him back to the surface, to the shore, and Dean opened his eyes, realizing he’d had them closed for a long time now. He could see Anna again, see the fear clear in her face, but he saw the braveness that was there as well. The weight of her arms was heavier than the weight on his chest. Dean felt the air going back into his lungs again. He felt his arms wrapping around Anna, tightening himself to her because he wasn’t sure how to proceed without the solidity of her presence.
“Okay.” Dean cleared his throat, eyes focused on peeling the label off the beer bottle. There was a soft, maybe shy smile on his lips. Dean was hardly ever shy. The dread in Castiel’s stomach grew. “I think the angel in your story might be kinda, sorta, probably...gay.”
They’d recently been on a bad movie kick. Since it was one of their shared interests, their bad movie marathons had become their new tradition. Dean and Castiel just couldn’t get enough of the low budget, poorly scripted movies that never failed to crack them up so hard tears came out of their eyes.
“Fucking hell!” Dean yelled at the top of his lungs, because it didn’t matter anymore. Not when his house was so empty. Dean yelled again, but it was nothing but a strangled, painful noise.
Castiel took a deep breath. “Well, my dad was this rich man who owned his own company. He still does, I’m sure. He was never available for things like lunches or dinners with his family, not even on weekends. It was rare when I ever saw him. Anna, my older sister, always loved him, despite him never being around. When I was around fifteen, my wonderful father found himself a very young woman, so he left my mother, and took off with her. That was the last time I ever saw him.”
The sliding glass door was opened behind him, and Dean turned to find Ben standing there barefoot and holding his stuffed dog. Ever since Dean won him that stuffed dog at a carnival a year ago, Ben hadn’t slept without it. He called it Doug the Dog, and he would often pet and talk to him like it was a real dog. This was why Dean was so set on getting Ben a real dog to play with. The only problem was that Lisa hated pets. All pets, even fish. She didn’t want anything leaving a mess behind that wasn’t human. But Dean would try to get her to agree to the dog somehow. He was known to be highly persuasive.
“I was angry at the party,” Dean continued. “I spoke out of anger. I didn’t mean anything I said. I was such an asshole, and you didn’t deserve any of that. You have no idea how awful this week has been for me. I hate that we’re not even talking anymore.”
Castiel leaned back and looked at Dean for a long time. Sometimes Dean wished Castiel didn’t look at him with that level of intensity. It made everything harder. “I’m going to finish what we started.”
Dean chuckled, taking a bite of a strawberry from the open tupperware container. “I don’t mind being blinded by love. Do you?”
Dean hit stop, and rewinded it back to play the recording. He could hear his first question. And then, nothing. Then he heard his second question, and this time, there was something right after. It was faint, but it sounded like “Dave.” Dean gasped.
After Feminism, Dean didn’t struggle as much to find his next class. It was in the same building, a few halls down. He arrived a few minutes early and sat all the way at the back. As much as he’d enjoyed Feminism, sitting all the way at the front hadn’t been his favorite thing. He’d felt exposed. Besides, he’d always been a back-of-the-room type of student.
Dean realized this was their first fight since they’d become friends, which was probably why it made him feel so much worse. There was a knot in his stomach. He didn’t know how to feel about the situation, but he knew the feeling wasn’t good.
At the time, Castiel had dropped all pretenses about liking classic rock. Dean had gasped overdramatically when Castiel had confessed that his music taste was more in line with whatever tracks were played on the pop stations. He liked getting lost in the repetitiveness of the music, especially since it was the type of music he listened while he worked at the Roadhouse. Dean had understood, because from the moment they’d met and Castiel didn’t laugh at his jokes when he didn’t find them funny, he knew that the man was as honest as they came. And instead of being offended, Dean found him fascinating.
The moment Castiel spotted their table, with Sam and Jess sitting on one side, and a beautiful brunette woman on the opposite side, with only one empty chair beside her, Castiel knew that he had made a big mistake by tagging along.
“Alright, just hurry up.” Sam rolled his eyes. “How are you guys not sick of each other? You live together.”
Jess grinned. “I think that should do.” Jess turned off the water and pressed a clean wet towel over the burn. Dean hissed. “That should teach you to be more careful next time.”
Charlie and Rosa locked eyes, smiling widely. Then, completely in sync, they both said, “Coffee sounds perfect.”
“I don’t know what is going on between the two of you,” Crowley said, looking bored. “Nor do I care. Just do your work, stay quiet, and take a one-hour lunch, no more than that.”
“I won’t do anything like that again. You have my word. What can I do to make you trust me? I need you to trust me. I need us to work.”
“Sometimes,” Castiel said, pouring a little bit of salad dressing on his salad. “I don’t allow myself to indulge often.”
Dean hated his stupid, stuck-up, wild-haired, blue-eyed coworker. He hated the way he sat up perfectly straight in his chair, at the cubicle next to Dean. The way he scrunched his nose every time Dean pulled out a Pop-tart and ate it in front of him. The way he used his fake polite voice during his customer service calls. Most of all, Dean hated the way Castiel treated him.
They walked to the front door, Castiel shrugging into his coat. It was a big thing, and he looked so small in it, but Dean liked it.
Cas held the bouquet like a baby in his arms, carefully leaning down to smell them, closing his eyes and smiling a tiny smile. When he opened his eyes back up, he narrowed them at Dean. “Why are you doing this?”
After getting plenty of shots of them stuffing their faces with peanuts while they waited for their food, Anna went to the bathroom. Dean grabbed Anna’s camera and hung it around his neck. He snapped a quick shot of Castiel pressing his lips tightly together as he broke into another peanut.
“I gotta get a picture of this,” Dean said, already taking out his phone for the perfect shot. Right after he got it, he sent it to his mom.
“No, no, we’re both okay,” Lisa said, sitting up straighter as she wiped her tears with the back of her hands. “I told myself I wouldn’t cry, but look at me. I’m such a mess.”
“That was excellent!” Kevin yelled, running up to them. “Guys, that kiss was beautiful. It felt very natural to the characters. It was sweet and playful and the fans will absolutely love it.”
a jolly snake, indeed,” Castiel said. “I guess there’s no harm in trying something new. I’ll eat some of the forbidden fruit.” Castiel plucked the purple fruit from the tree and actually bit into it. Although Dean had been expecting cardboard, the fruit was very real, and Castiel ate it.
Dean offered him the sword, and Castiel took it, holding it carefully. It was light in his hands, but it was obviously sharp.
Dean climbed in the passenger side, buckling up. “Oh, it is. It’s quite roomy. It can fit two people just fine, if you know what I mean.”
“Rude,” Dean muttered to himself. He groaned, getting to his feet. Standing on his bed, he pounded on the door.
Henry, the main character, was an intelligent, attractive man who created an interactive horror TV show, where the viewers decided everything that happened in the story. When he met Dan, a famous actor who starred on his show, sparks flew. The two fell for each other, hard, and just when Henry thought everything was smooth sailing, they found another one of his actors dead, right on the set.  The last person seen with the dead actor was Dan, of course, and although he swore he was innocent, even Henry had doubts.
“I can’t believe you’ve never seen this classic,” Dean said. “Not even read the book? Or seen the TV show based on the book?”
Castiel’s eyes crinkled when he widened his smile. “I never knew you thought I was good-looking. This is
Once Castiel was behind the wheel of his truck, he checked the time on his phone. It was 8:16 a.m., which meant that he’d hardly slept three hours. No wonder his eyelids felt like stones.
They were at another Barnes & Noble. Those stores were gigantic. So far, their recurring joke was that Dean was Castiel’s personal bodyguard. While Claire was running in circles around them, playing with a chewable book that a nice manager had gifted her, Dean went into bodyguard mode.
Dean was getting a headache. “Look, Anna, I don’t mean to be rude, but this isn’t any of your business. If anything, this is between me and Cas. The fact that I still have my house doesn’t make the love I have for Cas any less real. I fucking adore him. I’m not going anywhere.”
Castiel chuckled, backing out of the driveway. “Are you okay? If you want to insult my look, you can. I don’t mind.”
Castiel went back to his computer, minimized the PowerPoint, and pulled up Google. He typed up Song of Solomon 2:1 and clicked on the first link. Then he read in a deep voice from the King James version: “I am the rose of Sharon, and the lily of the valleys. As the lily among thorns, so is my love among the daughters. As the apple tree among the trees of the wood, so is my beloved among the sons. I sat down under his shadow with great delight, and his fruit was sweet to my taste. He brought me to the banqueting house, and his banner over me was love. Stay me with flagons, comfort me with apples: for I am sick of love.”
That wasn’t exactly what Dean had meant, but he wouldn’t clear it up with Castiel now. Right now, they had this moment, and that was enough.
“I am,” Dean said. “What, you think ‘cause I’m having a milkshake I won’t be getting the pie? You underestimate me.”
“Amelia loved telling that story,” Dean said fondly. “She’d always complain about how long it took you to finally talk to her.”
The sunset had been such a sight that none of them spoke as they watched the sun hide behind the horizon. The sky was a beautiful blend of warm colors that looked a lot like one of Amelia’s paintings. It was so perfect that Dean almost couldn’t believe it was real. When the sun had completely disappeared, they got comfortable on the grass to look at the constellations.
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. “Awful. Disappointed. Worried. Miserable. Terrified.” He took a deep breath. “I love Dean and I know he loves me, too. Our relationship felt so solid from the start. I’d never expected it to end. To me, it’s pretty simple. If Dean and I love each other, then we should be together and make each other happy. Why shouldn’t we?” Castiel hesitated, wiping his sweaty hands on his pants. “It pains me to think that Dean would rather end our relationship than find a way to fix it.”
Castiel pressed his lips into a tight line. As grateful as he was for being sent a demon to help, he still had no guarantees they would find Dean unharmed. The angels had requested for Dean to be alive, not unharmed.
“I didn’t tell Castiel about the last part,” Anna said. “I don’t want to worry him more than he already is.”
“Fine,” Castiel said, sounding determined as he got up again. He returned with two more shots for himself. “We’ll drink them together.”
They spent the rest of the afternoon working hard on their graphic novel. By the end of the day, they had eight pages completely done. Castiel said he needed to keep workshopping the plot, but they mostly had a solid plan for it. Dean was getting used to the characters, and he was having a good time drawing their many facial features. Before this, he hadn’t realized how complex it would be to fully work on this project, but it was a task he definitely enjoyed.
“What do you mean?” Dean asked, trying to lift his head from the counter. “I have money. Give me another one, Ellen. Come on, Ellen. Just one more.”
“Apparently, it’s the full cowboy experience. In a city half an hour away. That’s where we’re going today.”
Esther nodded. “His name was Steven. We got married young. I was only seventeen. We were so happy.” She hesitated. “I was distraught when he got sick. He had a rare heart condition, and his health deteriorated every day. I lost him five years into our marriage. I didn’t think I’d ever move on. I wasn’t sure I wanted to. But then I met Robert. He was a regular at the restaurant I worked at as a waitress. We went out a few times and before I knew it, I was in love with him. I didn’t think it would happen twice for me either. But you’d be surprised how many gifts life can give us sometimes.”
The next day, Dean drove home after work with Castiel. It was still thrilling having him in his passenger seat. Dean reached over to grab Castiel’s hand as he drove, and he held it for the entire ride home.
“I wanted to see you. And to bring you flowers.” Dean handed over the bouquet, and it took a few seconds for Cas to actually grab them. “I hope you like tulips.”
“How about you go to the store, pick up some bags of candy to give out to the kids as party favors, and I finish up here?” Castiel took the spatula from Dean’s hand, and Dean finally turned to look at him, eyebrows raised. Castiel was smiling softly at him, and Dean knew there was no point in putting up a fight. “Will you just get out of here and trust me?”
Castiel kissed Dean’s mouth languidly, making the situation a lot less funny and a lot more exciting. “My boyfriend is a talented mechanic and a wonderful kisser.”
Castiel followed suit, and then they were both leaning back on their hands as their legs created small waves in the pool. Castiel looked up at the starlit sky and his eyes fell on the moon, which was a half crescent.
While Castiel moved his finger in deeper, he kissed Dean, swallowing all of the lovely noises he was making. “I can’t wait to feel you, all of you.”
Castiel looked up to see Dean standing on the hallway, walking up to them with a red sleep mark on his cheek and eyes half-open. He’d clearly just gotten out of bed. When he stood right beside Castiel, he could still feel the warmth from sleep on him. Castiel moved instinctively closer to him. “I think she’s doing better, but she only wants to be carried.”
When it was Dean’s turn, he turned bright red with all eyes on him. Dean blurted the first thing that came to his mind, “Song of Solomon has some steamy poems that are kind of good.”
A year ago, he and Castiel had gotten engaged. It had seemed appropriate at the time to have a summer wedding in their backyard, but it appeared that neither of them had taken into account how hot it would be to wear a suit in hundred degree weather.
easy, but it had never been this hard. “I liked my food.” What the hell? What in the actual fiery hell?
. Castiel had tough skin when it came to mostly everything in life, but when it had to do with his unfinished manuscripts, he was a little bit more vulnerable. His published books were already out in the world, and it would be impossible to correct whatever was wrong with them. And people had found things wrong with them, like plot holes and small typos. But it was natural for books to have mistakes, and Castiel had learned not to dwell on them. However, when it came to the books he was currently working on, harsh criticism could slow his writing process down. If he started second guessing himself too much, he might even just trash the entire draft and start over. But Dean didn’t know this about him, and Castiel didn’t want to deter him from sharing his honest opinion.
Dean Winchester appeared right in front of Castiel, waving at the crowds, and quickly taking a seat on one of the high chairs available. He was not more than four feet away from Castiel, and it felt surreal. Castiel had never been much of a fan of anyone. He didn’t care about TV shows or movies, and all of his favorite authors were dead. But Dean Winchester had written one of the best books he’d ever read, and Castiel couldn’t deny how in awe he was of him. Yes, Dean was just as handsome as everyone described him, but that wasn’t why Castiel was drawn to him. Dean was smart. He was witty and intelligent and he had a way with words.
Thankfully, Castiel laughed it off. He leaned forward and very gently kissed Dean’s temple. His breath was minty. “Don’t say I never kiss you.”
Castiel hummed, biting the same strawberry. He leaned back on the bed, enjoying the flustered look Dean was giving him. Castiel wasn’t sure how much harder he had to hint.
“Wouldn’t you like to know?” Castiel said, laughing. “Dean, I am not ruining my book for you. If you really want to know, you’ll have to read it.”
Castiel actually blushed. Dear God, he was a fucking teenager. “No, of course not. I would love to do something with you. What did you have in mind?”
Castiel laughed. It bubbled out of him like a fizzy soda that had just been shaken. “Did you just Han Solo me?”
They made it to Austin in over six hours, due to traffic. Dean had never seen so much traffic on the freeways before. The entire state seemed to be fleeing south due to the highly inconvenient angel destructions. Not only did Dean have to sit in traffic in the Texas heat, listening to Castiel and Charlie have long conversations over their favorite TV shows, but he also had to endure the anxiety of seeing bodies descending from the sky here and there, and the occasional car explosion. It was a miracle he could even keep driving on these roads. These occurrences were completely random and erratic, so it never stopped startling him when he saw another death so suddenly. The moments in between sometimes were long enough that Dean could make himself forget their current situation.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Cas, I promise you we won’t run into any bears. Just trust me. Hiking will be fun.”
“Yes,” Castiel answered without thinking. He’d learned from experience that people never really wanted to hear otherwise.
Dean rolled his eyes, walking in first. Halfway to the front desk where a dark-haired woman sat typing away at a computer, Dean turned around, ready to walk back out the door. Unfortunately, Castiel was right there, one step ahead of Dean, blocking his exit. No wonder he’d decided to come in with Dean. He’d seen this coming.
Castiel sighed, digging through the box under the seat. He’d always complained about Dean’s taste in music, but Dean had compromised by listening to all of Castiel’s favorite pop songs. If the Impala was equipped for it, they would be listening to Lady Gaga at the moment. But because there was still some good in the universe, they were stuck with Dean’s cassette tapes.
Castiel hesitated, but then he handed Dean his sketchbook and sat on the edge of the bed. “I don’t know if you’ll like it.”
The rest of the class was filled with long looks from Castiel every five minutes or so. Dean wasn’t sure, but it kind of appeared like Castiel was pacing himself. He had a habit of staring at Dean during class, but not to this extent. But every time Castiel looked, he didn’t look away for a long time. What was worse, Dean loved the attention. He craved it. Dean wanted Castiel’s eyes on him and only on him.
Castiel looked at Chuck. “If this is my home, I feel responsible for cleaning it up. Please let me.” It was the least he could do. Chuck didn’t have to open up his home for Castiel.
“I’ll be right back,” Dean said, heading up to the bar. He stood close to the business man and he ordered another bowl of peanuts. He looked over, and the man was already staring at him. “Hi. I’m Dean.”
Jody walked with him to the door, holding it open for him. “Have a nice day, Dean. I’ll see you here next week. Same day, same time.”
Castiel laughed. “I can’t say the same about you. You got a lot taller. How are you so tall? You’re not even eight yet.”
Dean was glad that Castiel had made the effort to get to know Dean’s coworker friends. Dean knew that Castiel wasn’t always good with strangers, but Dean thought it was due to shyness more than anything else. Dean’s friends seemed to like Castiel and that made Dean happy. Dean realized how desperately he wanted Castiel to be a part of every aspect of his life.
Charlie was already knocking on the first standing house. Not many people were home, but the few that were hadn’t seen Sam or Jess.
“You’re not weak, Dean. You’re human. You need rest and sleep and you’re not getting enough of those things.”
Dean crawled into bed, trying not to disrupt him. He lay on his back, looking at the green walls while Castiel continued perusing his art.
“I’ve never done this before,” Cas said when their waitress brought their chocolate milkshake to the table with two straws.
“We have to catch up with a lot of people,” Dean said. “But I think we can fit in some time to go shopping for some supplies first.”
Gabriel laughed. “That can be deceiving. None of us are invincible. Some of us are harder to kill than others, but we’re all mortals in the end.”
“Oh, you can borrow mine anytime. Just be careful with it. It helps me pay my bills.” Anna offered her camera to Dean, but he refused.
Dean shook his head. “I’m everyone’s second choice, Cas. I always have been. I never told you this, but my dad always preferred Sammy over me. Sam was his favorite. He somehow blamed me for my mom’s death, and maybe along the way I blamed myself, too. Because I was the last person who saw her alive and maybe I could have stopped it from happening. I could have stopped her from dying.”
Dean locked eyes with Castiel and said, “The fact that you’re worried about being a good dad says that you’ll be a great one. Bad dads don’t give a damn. At all.”
“Wait, Lisa, please!” Dean didn’t hesitate as he fell to his knees, the hard floor probably bruising them. But the pain was nothing compared to what he was feeling inside. “Do you want me to beg? I’ll beg. Please.
Their guests started arriving just as Castiel was finishing the dessert—flan, to keep with the Mexican food theme.
Castiel continued kissing him chastely, a soft caress that matched his slow thrusts inside. Dean wrapped his legs around Castiel to give him a better angle, and Castiel sped up his movements.
Dean took a bite of the pasta, but he wasn’t hungry anymore. This was bad. This was awful. How the hell was he going to fix this now? This wasn’t how Castiel’s birthday was supposed to go.
“Hello, my two favorite people,” Dean said, smiling widely as he walked towards them. Dean traded the bouquet of roses and chocolates for Claire, taking her in his arms and showering her face with kisses. “Happy Valentine’s Day, baby girl.” Dean looked at Castiel, his eyes bright, before he leaned in to kiss Castiel’s cheek. “Hi.”
“You said, ‘Excuse me, I really want that comic book. I know you don’t know me, but I have a great need.’ And I said, ‘Okay, weirdo, you give a compelling argument, but sorry, no dice.’”
“I’m so sorry, Daphne,” Castiel said, running a hand through his hair and messing it up even more. “What can I do for you?” Castiel nodded. “Of course.” Then he checked his watch. “I think I can make it there before 11 o’clock.”
“We dated on and off for about two years. I liked him, but he didn’t want anything serious, and neither did I.”
“Not from what I can tell, but you should ask him yourself. I think it’s important to be open about this topic to make it easier for Dean to want to share this with us in the future.”
“This is Bowie,” Dean spoke into his fake earpiece, index and middle finger against his ear. “I’m here with Springsteen. Yes, I repeat I have eyes on Springsteen. How does he look?” Dean lowered his sunglasses to run his eyes down Castiel. He was wearing a denim jacket, black jeans, and sunglasses, looking like a fucking dream. “Sexy as hell.”
“I understand,” Castiel said with a chuckle. “Scooby-Doo is very important. Ben, it was so nice to see you, even if it was just on the phone. I hope we can see each other in person soon. I love you very much, honey.”
Dean smiled and winked. “Yeah, dinner’s ready, but I’ll offer myself up to you if you really want me.”
Lately, it seemed to happen even more frequently. Castiel would join Dean on the couch for a show or a movie, and within minutes they would be on top of each other. Castiel preferred when Dean straddled his lap so he could have both hands on Dean’s ass while his tongue was down Dean’s throat. Sometimes, they would makeout in the middle of the kitchen when they ran into each other while getting a snack. Dean wondered if they craved their heavy makeout, dry humping sessions more than the actual snacks at this point.
Castiel walked back to his seat beside Dean, who was wiping his cheeks. Castiel took Claire from Dean and handed him a box of tissues on the seat next to him. Dean took them and wiped his face. Castiel held Dean’s hand for a few seconds, giving it a squeeze before letting go. Dean looked at him, his eyes welling up with tears again.
Castiel winked—the son of a bitch winked—before heading to the bathroom and closing the door behind him.
“This explains so much,” Castiel said, laughing. “All this time I thought you were just teasing me, but you were jealous because I was keeping Chuck away from you. Dean, are you hearing this? Chuck and Kevin got together. I’m so proud.”
The angel had his eyes narrowed at Castiel, head tilted to the side, as though he had never been told off by a human before. There was a mixture of confusion and indignation in his face, and then resolve, as his feet landed on the ground and his wings retracted somewhere in his back, disappearing. The angel was like a bug pretending to be a man.
“This is quite romantic,” Castiel said. “I’ve always enjoyed Song of Solomon. It’s definitely worth the read. I’ve read this passage many times. The rose of Sharon is a symbolism of beauty and perfection. She is King Solomon’s lover, and she’s lovesick. For her, there is nothing sweeter than his taste.” Castiel finished his sentence with his eyes trained directly on Dean. “The rose of Sharon is the most exquisite flower. Nothing else can ever measure up.”
When Castiel seemed to be satisfied with his work, he lifted his head, a giddy smile on his lips before he kissed Dean’s cheekbone.
Castiel stumbled into the bathroom where he took care of his morning business, showered, and got dressed in the few clothes he’d packed that didn’t stink. He ran a hand through his tangled hair, not bothering to do anything about the way it wouldn’t stay down.
“I don’t like leaving Claire either, Cas, but this isn’t the first time I’ve had to learn to let go a little when it comes to my children.” Dean realized that what he’d said implied that Claire was also his kid and he became worried that Castiel would take offense to that, but Castiel was just looking at Dean with soft eyes.
Castiel stood there, gripping the suitcase in his arms, watching as Dean grabbed a beer, opened it, and chugged half the bottle in one go. Dean avoided eye contact as he headed to their bedroom in silence, stepping off of his work boots.
“So eager to get undressed,” Dean said, placing his hands on Castiel’s hips as Castiel unbuttoned and unzipped his pants. “I thought you didn’t want me to see your hot abs and fall in love with you.”
Dean hesitated. “I just…I don’t want you to think that I don’t care about you enough to get you something more personal. Because you’re pretty much my favorite person, Cas.”
The couch, thankfully, was a pull-out bed, so Dean and Castiel made themselves fit in it, as noisy as it was.
Castiel grinned. “It’s nice to vacation from our jobs, isn’t it? Of course, I take my job everywhere with me.”
“Cas, wait,” Dean said, pulling back, making Castiel chase his lips like he had many times already. Dean was panting heavily, just like Castiel, and he waited a beat before speaking again. “We’re getting ahead of ourselves.”
Castiel sat up on Dean’s lap and threw off his silk robe. Dean’s wandering hands ran down Castiel’s chest, and then circled around his waist to bring him close again. They kissed until their lips were sore, and even then they continued kissing. With one hand, Castiel grabbed Dean’s cock and gave it a few strokes, making Dean hiss. With his other hand, Castiel’s lubed fingers worked on opening up Dean’s entrance.
“Wait, you’ve thought about this before? Seriously, Anna, this is not a normal sibling conversation.”
“Castiel!” Anna yelled, the desperation clear in her voice. “Oh my God, don’t you ever answer your fucking cell phone?”
Dean mumbled something, but it was incoherent since he was on the verge of sleep. “Cas,” was the only thing Castiel understood about what he was saying, but after he breathed out the word, Dean fell silent. And then, his breathing became slow and even. He was asleep.
Castiel took the water Amelia gave him and swallowed almost the entire glass in one swig. Maybe water would help calm him down. God, he was furious. Anger was making him dizzy. How could Lisa have done this to Dean, to the man who loved her so selflessly? How could she hurt him this way?
There was a knock at the door, and Dean jumped back, as though he’d been caught red-handed. He wasn’t sure what had happened to both of them, but Castiel looked disappointed as he stood to open the door.
Dean took a bite of the cherry pie, which already smelled delicious. The bite confirmed it. Dean hummed in contentment as he chewed, delighted to take another big bite. And then another.
Lisa still hadn’t answered Dean’s simple question, but she followed him into the kitchen. “Dean, do you mind explaining what the hell is going on here? Where are Amelia and Castiel? And Claire?”
Lisa was coming back to her seat, so Castiel wagged his eyebrows at Dean before he went back to his own seat. Dean smiled faintly as Amelia took her turn, wondering what the hell he was going to do about Lisa.
Castiel sighed. He knew that Anna was right. “Sometimes I let my anxiety get out of hand. Well, more than sometimes. It happens a lot. I’m trying to work on that. I do feel a lot better after this talk. Big sister to the rescue, just like old times.”
Once he was satisfied, Dean strode back to the breakroom, going straight for Claire. He sat down beside Castiel and then turned to smile at him. “I didn’t know you guys were coming today.”
Jo gave him a funny look. “Alright. Well, keep at it. If you really think that’s a good use of your time, be my guest.”
“Do you need help?” Dean asked, following Castiel to the stove, where he was flipping pancakes. “No French toast?”
“Yeah,” Lisa said. “Benjamin will remain in Sacramento for the time being. I told him that he can be as involved as he wants, and he agreed to visit Ben every month. Truth be told, I wasn’t really happy at his side either. I idealized Benjamin to the point of causing an irreparable amount of damage to the people around me. To my son. And to his father.”
“Oh sure, sure,” Gabriel said, and then he turned to the audience, covering his mouth to hide his laughter. Then, Gabriel turned back to Castiel and stage whispered, “Don’t worry. We’re all just going to pretend you’re not dying to get back with Meg. That love confession behind the scenes will stay between us.”
It was obvious Mary wasn’t buying whatever they were selling, but she chose to let it slide because she moved on to asking Sam about his day at school.
Castiel chuckled. “Yes, you were. I heard you. You were drooling on me a little, but then you finally laid down on the bed.”
“Since we will be learning about traditions,” Professor Novak continued, “I wanted to introduce you to a little tradition of mine.” He pulled out a big bag of mini chocolates from his bag. “Every year, I give my students chocolates. This bag is full of chocolates. They’re assorted, so there’s a bit of everything. Kit-Kats, Snickers, Twix, Reese’s, they’re all here. Each one of these chocolates tastes very different from the other. Some have peanuts, some have wafers, some have caramel. And yet, they’re all bulked together and called chocolate. It’s the same way with religion. The word ‘religion’ doesn’t come close to describing the complexity of what it encompasses. But enough about that. I’ll give you your chocolates now.”
When Dean woke up, it was due to his ringtone not shutting up. Dean scrambled for it, digging it out of his pocket, and answered it still half asleep.
“I should shower first,” Dean said. “I won’t take long. I’ll be done by the time you get off the phone with Sam and Jess. Deal?”
Dean looked from the angel, to Castiel, then Meg, and back to Castiel. “I think he wants us to fight.”
Anna suggested that they all go back to their childhood home to shower and change, and then return with a clearer mind the following day. They weren’t expecting anything to change in the meantime. Still, Castiel didn’t feel too good about that option. He felt that it was his duty to stay here, guarding his mother’s sleep, hoping that would help her somehow. In the end, Dean convinced him to go, pointing out how exhausted Castiel looked and how it would only worsen his already heightened anxiety levels.
Dean pulled Castiel into his arms, squeezing him tight. “Always so grumpy. It’s my job to squeeze it out of you.”
Amelia’s parents lived in Tampa, Florida so they didn’t get to see each other often. Castiel knew how close Amelia was to her parents, and he’d asked her many times before they bought their house in Oklahoma City if she’d rather move to Florida to be closer to them—even though Florida was the last place Castiel would ever want to live. Amelia had said no because she’d always loved Oklahoma, and she also didn’t love the idea of living in Florida. But she still talked to her parents on the phone at least once a week and they were due for a visit in a few months. Castiel hoped that the video call would lift Amelia’s spirits. He knew she was so emotional due to the pregnancy hormones, but he still didn’t want to see her in tears. It was too much to bear.
“Just so we’re clear, you don’t actually wanna see the movie?” Dean asked as they entered the theater.
“Yeah, I was nervous as hell. I don’t think I’ve ever been that nervous in my life. Not even when we got married.”
“Dean, you know how bad it looks for the stars of the show to show up late? Everyone’s gonna think we don’t care about their time.”
Dean chuckled. “Alright. I’ll be right back. Make yourselves at home.” He went into the kitchen and brewed some coffee. While he waited for the coffee, he pulled out three mugs from the cupboard, each one with a different state written in a different type of funky font. From the times he’d visited Missouri, Louisiana, and West Virginia. He missed those long road trips with Sam in the passenger seat, AC/DC blasting from the speakers, and the wind hitting his face as they drove down the highway without a clear destination.
“Look who’s finally here,” Esther said. “Our Castiel came to visit. Can I offer you a beer, sweetheart?”
They moved the crib to the nursery, pushing it up against the opposite wall from the mural, since it still wasn’t finished. Amelia kept claiming it would be done soon, but since she was a perfectionist, that ‘soon’ could mean forever.
“As entertaining as it is to watch your lover’s spat,” Charlie said, standing up. “Rosa and I have a party to get to.”
“Good, good.” Dean took a shaky breath, holding onto the counter behind him, staring at the tiled floor.
“Smile!” Anna stood at their table, holding up an expensive-looking camera. She snapped a picture, and then another one. “These are perfect. I’m of the mind that the best pictures are always unexpected.”
Castiel was on his feet, pulling Dean up by his shoulders. “Come here, I’ll walk you to your room. You need a drink.”
Right. Killing Michael. That would solve everything. That was Castiel’s duty now. It all fell on his hands.
“I’m going to miss this little town,” Dean said as they got on the highway. They were leaving Point Pleasant behind. But he knew it wouldn’t be the last time he came here. He had a lot of plans for the future, many of them involving Castiel.
Castiel handed the box to Dean so he could shake Jack’s hand. “Nice meeting you, Jack. You must be brave to be working for Dean.”
Dean laughed softly, shaking Castiel’s hand. “I’d like that. And hey, being my friend comes with benefits. I make lots of pies.”
Benjamin chuckled, standing up. “Yeah, I don’t need to listen to this.” He turned to Lisa. “I’ll see you later, alright?”
The food was ready just as Sam and Jess arrived. Dean was glad because he was so hungry he wasn’t going to wait for them to eat. They pushed the two tables together—one of which he’d borrowed from Castiel—and they ate, everyone speaking over each other. Dean was having too much fun arguing with Sam over that one trip they took as teenagers, taking the Impala without permission to go fishing. Sam was claiming that he’d caught four fish, but Dean knew he’d only caught one and he’d been too sad to kill it, so he’d thrown it back in the lake.
“No, uh, she sent me an e-mail, letting me know that we had to schedule an appointment for a phone call.” Castiel wore a thin smile. “She’s a busy person, of course. I agreed to call her on Saturday. Today. I’m really disappointed that I can’t send any telepathic messages to her right now.”
As much as Castiel wanted to argue, he knew Amelia was right. Sometimes when he was so deep into his work, Castiel forgot self-care. Once he’d gone an entire day without eating because he was so focused on what he was writing.
The three of them sat huddled close together by the fire with Ben sandwiched between them. The night was slightly chilly, but it wouldn’t be a problem overnight because they had zero degree sleeping bags.
“Good morning,” Castiel said, sitting at the table beside Claire, who had a teething ring in her mouth. Castiel leaned in to kiss the top of her head, and he smiled when Claire started babbling incoherently.
“Dean, I’m writing. I only have about two hours left before I have to stop and get ready for the potluck, so I need to not waste any time and you happen to be one of my constant distractions.”
Not at all what Castiel had been expecting, but his mother was usually full of surprises. “Mom, I had to do it. Dean and I, we have a plan to save the world. It requires one of us to be an angel. There are no guarantees, but it’s our only shot.”
They all ran the short distance and then jumped inside. When they came back up, they were laughing. Ben splashed water at both of them, and Castiel swam away only for Ben to swim after him, confidently and expertly. Ben jumped behind Castiel, wrapping his arms loosely around his neck.
“Alright,” Castiel said through gritted teeth. “I will get your tea, Mom. Yes, I’ll remember the milk this time. No, it won’t take me half an hour. Goodbye.” After hanging up, Castiel shot Dean a glare. “This is your fault for making me answer the phone.”
Dean let out a shaky breath. “It’s New Year’s Eve. There’s probably no other restaurant with open tables tonight.”
Anna was currently talking to Castiel’s doctor. When she came back to sit on the chair beside Dean, she looked relieved.
The next morning, Castiel woke up early to have breakfast with Dean before he went to work. Castiel had the worst sleeping schedule, so this was a rare occasion, but he wanted to thank Dean for everything he had done for him.
“Dean,” Castiel said, quietly, standing right in front of Dean, making him meet his eyes again. “Are you freaking out because I called you my boyfriend?”
She leveled her eyes on him. “Since when did we switch roles here? Last time I checked, I was still your mother. So as your mother, I have the final say.”
Castiel opened his mouth, staring at Dean with dark blue eyes. It looked like he wanted to say something, but he took another bite of his pie, and looked down at his plate, biting his lip.
“I just got off the phone with Naomi and she said to remind you to take care of your homework, and to call her,” Mary said.
Castiel sighed, crossing his arms. He really wished he had some duct tape handy because Dean sure as hell did not have an off button on him. “Dean, get in the car, and I’ll bring you a burger.”
“You’re hurt,” Dean said. That’s when he remembered the truck coming full speed. Dean had pushed him out of the way. But then he couldn’t remember anything. “What happened?”
“Yes,” Dean nearly snapped. “Yeah. I’ll go with you.” Dean was already on his feet, heading for the door.
Now this was the question Dean definitely wasn’t prepared for, but he was all about honesty nowadays. So, he looked Ben in the eyes and said, “No, Ben. Your mom and I aren’t in love anymore. But that doesn’t mean we don’t like each other. We can still be a family.”
The waiter—Jimmy—wrote his phone number on Dean’s receipt. Dean pretended he hadn’t noticed and left it at the table. He wouldn’t keep the guy guessing why he hadn’t called.
Castiel rolled his suitcase to the guest room and then sat on the edge of the bed, running a hand through his hair. That had gone better than he’d expected. But Castiel should have known that Esther and Robert would be kind and understanding. They didn’t judge him for falling in love again after losing Amelia. On his nightstand was a framed picture of a young Amelia, holding up a large fish at a lake. Her blonde hair was flowing in the wind and her proud smile was bright. Castiel smiled back and brushed his fingers over her beautiful face.
“Yeah.” Dean stared at the fire, a small smile on his face. “Back when I used to come here with Sam, I thought it was nice that we got to do this as a family. Then Sam went away to college, got married, and I stopped coming.” Dean laughed wistfully. “But then I met Cas, and I thought it might be nice to bring him camping, too. And now there’s six of us here.”
Castiel laughed. “What are you talking about? This wasn’t a test, Dean. It was dinner with my brother.”
“Cas, hey, I wasn’t expecting you for another hour.” Dean took the wine from Castiel and ushered him into the living room. “Have a seat. I’m still getting dinner ready.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck. He didn’t know if that was true, but he didn’t want to sound completely naïve either. “Hopefully. Look, if you keep hearing or seeing weird things, give me a call, and we’ll come back. I think we did all we could tonight.”
They continued on the trail until they found the clearing where the TNT factory was located. It was nothing impressive, just a rundown building that had been abandoned for too long. They went inside it first and walked around, Dean touching the rough-textured walls. Castiel took a few pictures with his cell phone, and Dean was suddenly reminded of Anna. She should have joined them.
Dean kissed him faster, adding a bit of teeth to the mix. When he bit Castiel’s bottom lip, Castiel gasped. Dean licked him this time, and Castiel knew to open his lips for Dean. The moment Dean slipped his tongue inside, the butterflies in Castiel’s stomach grew in strength. Castiel had never kissed anyone this way. Not any of the girls he’d dated. But he’d never wanted any of those girls, not the way he wanted Dean.
Dean opened his mouth with a question on his tongue, but he caught Castiel’s shake of his head and shut his mouth. “That’s wonderful, Charlie. I’m...happy for you.”
Castiel bit his lip to keep himself from crying. But the tears were so ready to spill. God, lately he was always on the verge of tears. Castiel hugged Robert back. He had received nothing but support from everyone around him, but he still didn’t feel like he deserved it.
The sword wasn’t as heavy as Dean had imagined. It was like holding a broom that he knew could kill. When the angel realized that Dean had taken his sword, he raised his hand again, but Dean chopped it off. More blood poured out of the angel, and by the looks of it, the angel was still shocked by the fact that he was bleeding in the first place. Dean didn’t let him think too hard on that, angling the sword this time to the angel’s throat, and slicing through it. With gurgling noises, the angel’s wide eyes peered at Dean before all light went out in them, and he fell to the hard ground.
Dean didn’t know if it was pride or guilt that he felt at hearing that. He wanted to be worthy of Castiel’s affection, but he felt less deserving of it now more than ever. After what he did to him, all of it, how could Castiel ever forgive him?
It took exactly an hour to get the Miltons packed and in the car. Dean wasn’t sure why he was going along with this, but it was too late to back out now. Anna was persuasive, but Dean could still have said no. He thought that maybe he didn’t want to say no. Having company on a road trip didn’t sound so bad anymore. At least he’d have somebody to talk to.
“This is unreal,” Castiel said, tracing his fingers just an inch over the page. “It’s so vivid, so clear. I feel like this thing will come to life if I close my eyes.”
was probably my favorite. It’s always about a small town man falling for a big city woman who puts her career first, but it never gets old.”
Castiel leaned his forehead against Dean’s shoulder as he blindly grabbed his phone from the nightstand. “Hello?”
“Don’t. I was doing it, too. Just because I like this stage of our relationship doesn’t mean I don’t want more. You’re fucking irresistible.”
Dean was delighted by this. He tried to chew off his stupid grin, but he couldn’t. “I’m glad we both had the same idea.”
Castiel dragged his suitcase inside before he took the first step. The apartment was in worse shape than he’d imagined. There was food covering the dinner table, kitchen counters, and part of the kitchen floor. In the small living room, the couch was cushion-less and facing the wall, and the cushions were scattered on the floor. And apparently even the coffee table was full of the contents of the fridge that Chuck was sorting through.
“Good.” Dean smiled over at him before pulling out of the driveway. “We’re gonna have a great night. How does it feel to be thirty-four?”
Dean sat on the couch while Jody sat on a matching armchair. Between them was a small brown table that had a box of tissues and two full water bottles.
It was late in the afternoon when the flight landed. Castiel got a cab to take them home. After staying up the entire flight, Claire was now suddenly tired. She fell asleep in her car seat. Castiel had wanted her to be awake to greet Dean, but she needed the rest.
“I hate flying,” Dean said, burrowing his face on the crook of Castiel’s neck, his warm breath blowing consistently against the soft skin there.
Ben cheered, jumping into Castiel’s arms and hugging him tight. “Thank you!” Then he pulled back to look at his face. “I’m sorry for biting you if it hurt.”
They drank together, staring at each other. Taking a night off from looking after Claire didn’t mean that they knew how to stop talking about Claire. They couldn’t stop sharing stories about the adorable things Claire had done recently, like giggling after she farted. That had been Dean’s favorite by far. Claire also got angry sometimes, especially when she didn’t get her bottle right at the instant she requested it, which was only because they had to prepare the bottle for a few seconds. She would make the cutest little pout and get this tiny line in between her eyebrows. Dean thought she’d gotten her short temper from Castiel, who didn’t find that so funny as he narrowed his eyes at Dean before sipping his beer again.
“You might be right,” Lisa admitted, which took Castiel by surprise. “But I can guarantee that when Ben is a little older, he’ll start asking questions about his real dad. He’ll want to know him. It’s why I sought him out and invited him to come here. Ben can’t live the rest of his life wondering where his real father is.”
“That’s right,” Benjamin said. Then he hesitated, shifting on his feet. “I’m sorry about what happened. I already apologized to Dean, but I’ll apologize to you, too. I’m sorry that Lisa and I were insensitive enough to take Ben away from Dean. We fucked up. Both of us realize that now. We wouldn’t make the same mistake twice.”
So, he may have set this whole thing up for three reasons. 1). Dean was obsessed with horror movies, and he wanted to feel like he was actually in one. 2). He loved going on adventures with his best friends. They were all his favorite people. 3). He wanted to impress Castiel. He wasn’t sure it was working, though.
Castiel brought Naomi the sandwich and a glass of milk because he knew she would ask for it. He’d gotten to know her a lot better in these past few weeks than he had in his youth. When he walked into her room, Naomi was already asleep under the covers, snoring quietly.
Dean froze. Kissing Lisa in public had always felt strange. It had never felt appropriate. Better yet, it had never felt right.. But he didn’t know exactly why. Castiel and Amelia never seemed to care who saw them kissing or hugging or just plain touching. Why did public displays of affection with Lisa make Dean so uncomfortable?
“Boring?” Sam said. “But I thought you said you’re making your famous lasagna, Dean. I wouldn’t call your famous lasagna
“They’re open, and they clearly have food.” Castiel sighed. “Look, I know this isn’t ideal, but it’s all we have. Did you see any other places open for business?”
“I hear them coming,” Victoria said, not bothering to turn to Castiel. She knew he was watching her. “You need to go now.”
When Castiel opened his eyes, he saw a multitude of colors. In the room, he could see every small detail down to the last bit of dust in the air. He could hear every breath inhale and exhale, every brush of fabric against the seats. His senses were heightened, and he’d never felt so alive.
The cowboy museum turned out to be pretty amazing. Dean loved showing Claire all of the cowboy relics, statues, and paintings. Dean hadn’t realized how much he would enjoy spending a few hours with Claire outside of the house. It made him feel like maybe Claire was his daughter, too, and Dean was her dad. It was dangerous to allow himself to feel this way, though. Just as it was dangerous for him to want to get closer to Castiel, in a non-platonic way. Dean didn’t have a right to Claire, just as he hadn’t had a right to Ben, but that didn’t stop Dean from loving them both with all his heart. Maybe it didn’t matter if Dean was Claire’s dad because he knew that Castiel would never tear him away from her. Castiel wasn’t Lisa. Castiel was kind and honest, and he valued Dean in a way that Dean had never been valued before. Even when Castiel eventually moved on and found a woman to love again, Dean wouldn’t be torn away from Claire. Castiel would never do that to Dean. And that alleviated the pain from Dean’s wary heart.
Castiel smiled, reaching for Dean’s hand and holding it. “Thanks for keeping me sane today. My anxiety tends to get the best of me during difficult situations.”
“That’s wonderful news, Dean. Now I really wish I was there so I could see him, too. This is...this is a lot to take in.”
Same as always, Dean wished that Ben was back in his life. Dean missed him so much. There wasn’t a day that went by when Dean didn’t miss Ben. If he could at least hear his voice, or know that he was doing okay, that he was still obsessed with dogs, that he still loved Capri-Suns and lollipops. Dean wanted to talk to him, to remind him that he loved him, would always love him. Dean wondered if Ben would still remember him years from now. Would Ben forget him? Dean knew he wouldn’t ever forget Ben, but he knew that young kids often forgot certain aspects of their childhood. Dean would most likely be forgotten, too. Maybe it was for the best. If Ben forgot about Dean, then he wouldn’t have to miss him. That would be a good thing, as painful as it was for Dean to admit it.
Castiel let go of Dean, his hands lingering until they were completely off of him. Then he went to pour himself a mug of coffee. “Yes. We’re meeting at the Olive Garden near our places. Around 7. Is that okay?”
someone. Right? Unless, of course, Aaron was referring to Castiel. But that would be absurd. Dean and Castiel were just friends. There wasn’t anything else to it.
“Charlie, I think you need to cool it because you’re making Dean and Castiel uncomfortable with your enthusiasm,” Rosa said.
By 9:00 pm, Ben was tucked in bed. Tonight, Lisa sat on the left side of Ben’s bed while Dean sat on the right. Together, they read a bedtime story for Ben, switching the reading every other page. Ben loved bedtime stories, but he loved them even more when both Lisa and Dean read them to him.
“It’s nice meeting you, Dean,” Sue said. “We’re all excited to have Castiel again here. As a local author, he makes us so proud.”
“He likes to show off,” Dean said, shaking his head. “He works out a lot, and it’s really good for his ego showing off his manly strength.”
“Relax, I didn’t eat any of it. Jeez. And I don’t steal your food. I just borrow it. You eat a lot of my food, too, and you know it.”
As Anna dug for her keys, Dean shared a glance with Castiel. He looked tired from a long day of driving, but there was a spark in his eyes that Dean didn’t miss.
Carefully, Castiel tore off the wrapping paper to reveal a plain white box. Then, he opened that to reveal a pillow. He had to take it out of the box to see that on the pillow was a picture of a smiling Claire. It was impossible not to let out an “Aww.” Castiel ran his fingertips over the crystal clear image.
Anna yawned, stretching her arm behind the couch. Dear God, his sister was annoying. Alright, so maybe Anna wasn’t the worst, but right now, she was seriously bothering Castiel. “I’m getting really tired. Maybe I should go to bed.”
“Cas, what I do is nothing compared to what you do. Don’t you think I worry, too? You’re the sheriff of this damned town. You can get shot at any time. You can get hurt far worse than I ever could.”
“Well, I decided if we’re gonna do this, we’re gonna do this in the corniest way. And by that, I mean I’m gonna court you the old-fashioned way.” It just felt like the most natural thing to do. If no one had ever treated Cas like a gentleman, then Dean would make it his job to do it.
Castiel must have sensed the shift in Dean’s kiss because he pulled away with a frown. His hand was still in Dean’s hair, holding him gently. “What’s the matter?”
Dean had no idea that Castiel had a frisky side of him. Castiel, who wouldn’t let Dean put his feet on the coffee table, who always had to follow the rules, who had never had sex on anything other than the comforts of a bedroom. This is what led him to initially ignore Castiel’s wandering hand, believing that it was just a playful thing that wouldn’t go anywhere. Until Castiel threw all of Dean’s preconceptions out the window, palming Dean’s cock over his jeans.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean looked away. “Are you sure this is what you want? I mean, we’d never planned for this. I was supposed to be an angel and kill Michael. You weren’t supposed to take over. I wish…I should have stopped it from happening.”
Charlie raised her eyebrows. “After all these years you want to be friends with Castiel Novak? Whoa. Let me know how that goes.”
“Are you going to shut me out again?” Dean asked, and he hated the way his voice broke at the end of that sentence.
They waited there with Daphne all night. By morning, Dean and Castiel had to be back on set, so they said their goodbyes and took off. They were both running on caffeine, and Dean hoped that was enough to get them through the long day of shooting.
They were all sitting on the living room floor. Charlie and Jo had arrived about half an hour ago, and they’d spent the entire time talking about the night before. Castiel had almost forgotten about their ghost hunting because of what happened right afterwards, and this morning. But now that they were back on the subject, Castiel was invested all over again.
“I’ll sleep tonight.” Castiel took another sip, wanting the caffeine to kick in already. His eyelids felt heavy every time he blinked.
“Cas, I need to tell you something,” Dean said, trying to keep his voice even, but failing. He knew he sounded nervous. He couldn’t hide it.
“But I don’t want that. I want regular toast and eggs. Sunny side up. Not scrambled. And I want a black coffee with three spoonfuls of sugar.”
Dean grinned. “I’m glad you do. Now let me go check on Claire.” Dean climbed on top of Castiel in order to get out of bed, stopping to plant a brief kiss on Castiel’s forehead.
“What’s all this about, kids?” their mom asked, sipping her own coffee. “Don’t tell me you got Dean pregnant, Cas.”
Time seemed to fly. February turned to March in the blink of an eye. Dean wanted to think that nothing had changed in that time, but that was probably him trying to repress reality. Things had changed. Sort of. Maybe. Possibly.
At breakfast, his family demanded details about what had happened after Dean went to talk to Castiel. Dean told them as much as he could without getting into the gory details.
I noticed two new freckles on your cheekbones yesterday. I thought I had every part of you memorized, but I’m glad that there are still new things to learn.
“Yeah, let’s go,” Castiel said, scooping up Claire in his arms despite her protests. He kissed her head. “Hey, grumpy, you can crawl at the park.”
Claire splashed some water between them while letting out a big scream, and Dean threw his head back in laughter.
Dean laughed again. “I can’t remember the last time I laughed this hard.” For the first time, Dean realized how grateful he was to have Anna and Castiel on his trip.
Charlie went to stand by the door, opening it another inch to reveal Jess as well. With the sight of all three of them together, Castiel got inside the passenger seat. Dean climbed in after, igniting the rumbling engine.
“Old man,” Dean said, leaning against the counter while Sam cracked a few eggs. “When did you start cooking?”
Dean smiled. “Awesome.” Back in the living room, he put the drinks on the coffee table and sat on the couch. Ben stopped petting Dandy so he could go sit beside Dean, leaning his head against Dean’s arm. Dean wrapped the same arm around Ben, kissing the top of his head. “You want some pizza, kiddo?”
“I’m looking forward to that. Actually, I came over to see if you two were interested in coming with me to walk Dandy. I usually walk her around this time every morning. Since Ben was so fond of her, I thought the two of you might enjoy that.”
Castiel shook his head. His voice was raspy when he tried to speak, so he cleared his throat. “Something happened after the delivery. There was….so much blood.”
Castiel furrowed his brow. “Alright. Well, whatever it is, I’m ready to hear it. Judgement-free, of course.” That didn’t have to be said, but he said it, anyway.
Dean knew next to nothing about Aristotle, or Plato for that matter, so he ate and watched as Sam and Castiel bonded over their hatred of important-but-shitty men.
Castiel laughed. He’d actually been planning on making an appointment for a haircut soon. “Go to bed, Dean. It’s late.”
“How come you’re by yourself?” Sam asked as Dean opened up the trunk to load up their suitcases. “Where’s Cas?”
Dean sighed, crawling in bed beside her. His skin felt instantly tingly from the thought of being in the same bed where Lisa and Benjamin had made out. The mental image alone was making him nauseous. He had to put it out of his mind or he’d lose his sanity.
Jody picked up a manila folder from the floor beside her chair, and she flipped it open. “Thank you for filling out that questionnaire before coming in. I ask my patients to give me all that information beforehand so I can get to know you before meeting you for the first time.”
Sam sighed. “Alright, alright.” He pulled out the chair across from Dean, where the third plate had been set. “I had a great run this morning. I can’t even feel my legs right now.”
When they made it to Charlie’s place, Castiel guided Dean through the house. Charlie lived in a beautiful house in Beverly Hills. It was enormous and luxurious and there was a huge pool outside. Dean didn’t get a chance to look around because Castiel kept pulling him wherever he wanted him, making sure he greeted the cast and crew. Charlie had been so relieved to see Dean was perfectly healthy that she’d pulled him in for a hug that lasted a long while. Bela, who looked so stunning it was surreal, also gave Dean a hug.
Dean chuckled. “I’m surprised that kiss affected you. We’re actors. This wouldn’t be the first time we’ve kissed someone at work.”
“No, dude, I didn’t poison anything.” Ash laughed. “I just went over to Heaven’s Bistro to talk to the owner about that pie he’s selling.”
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Since you’re so bored, why don’t you call Gabe to ask him how Sebastian’s doing? I forgot to call earlier today.”
As if on command, all of the men in the room fired their weapons. Victoria was a blur in the room, jumping and rolling and sliding successfully away from all of the shots that were flying in her direction. She was careful not to get too close to Dean and the girls, but Castiel was still clenching his fists and half-closing his eyes in case of a loose bullet. He wanted to get in there and untie them, but there was a man standing close to them, and Castiel had nothing to defend himself with.
Jess touched Castiel’s arm. “You might not be perfect, Castiel, but we think you’re perfect for Dean. Seriously, you two make a lovely couple.”
Dean returned to the booth, but he didn’t sit down this time. He stood in front of Castiel, hand extended for him. Castiel wasn’t sure what the hell was going on, but he placed his hand in Dean’s, if only because the constant pull he felt towards Dean forced him to do it. As soon as Castiel was on his feet, Dean pulled him into his arms, smiling. He gave Castiel a spin, and then dipped him. Castiel clung onto Dean, afraid he would fall. Dean had a tight grip on him. He wouldn’t let him fall.
Slowly, Dean raised Castiel back up, and then he kissed him. He knew they had an audience, but he wasn’t hiding anymore. He needed everyone to know. When they pulled apart, Dean leaned in to whisper in Castiel’s ear, “Will you go out with me?”
Dean pondered that, staring at their joined hands on the seat. “A bit. But I’m prepared to prove him wrong if you are.”
“I’ll walk you through it,” Dean said, standing beside him. Castiel welcomed Dean’s constant presence, especially right this moment when he felt so clueless about something as simple as a diaper change.
“You’re very welcome, sweetheart. Happy birthday.” Amelia hugged him again before Ben ran outside with a couple of his friends.
“Today you talked about the first time you met Charlie. It made me think of our first date. Do you remember?”
Castiel yawned. “I don’t know what I believe. I just know that what we saw tonight wasn’t a person. And it wanted to hurt us.”
Anna shook her head, staring at her brother. “You’re so hard on yourself, Dean. If you could just lighten up a bit, you’d see you’re not as misfortunate as you think you are.”
“I’m the last person you need to ask permission. What do you think this is?” Castiel motioned between them. “What do you think we are?”
Dean opened his eyes, meeting Castiel’s deep blue gaze, and that was what did it. The look of pure desire in Castiel’s eyes made Dean come harder than he had in a very long time. Dean came inside Castiel’s mouth, and Castiel swallowed half of it down before he released him, and the rest of Dean’s come smeared against Dean’s stomach. Dean was entirely worn out on the bed, barely wincing when Castiel’s fingers disappeared.
“What makes you think that son of a bitch was an angel? I thought angels were little naked babies with wings and a harp and a little halo on top.”
Castiel showed up to Ellen and Bobby’s house right on time. His punctuality was scary good. Dean greeted Lucas first, who was holding a stack of presents.
This trip had nothing to do with their possible—hopefully—upcoming romantic relationship. This was about them doing one big, crazy thing before starting college.
They were in a comfortable-looking room. It had two purple couches, a coffee table with a bowl full of candy, a fridge, a pool table, and a big bright mirror over a counter full of makeup. It looked like a backstage room.
Dean smiled in return. Maybe Dean still had some of his charm left. It’d been too long since he’d picked some up, and he hadn’t bothered to try anymore after what happened last April. “Nope, that’s all I want for now. Thank you, though.”
A long time had passed since Castiel had seen his mother, but she didn’t look a day older. Eleanor Novak was just as youthful as always. Her long black hair had a perfect shine, and her light skin was glowing. And just as expected, she looked completely at ease with herself, doing yoga in the middle of an apocalypse.
Dean sipped his beer. “You don’t know the half of it, Cas. I pulled a muscle in the last movie doing a high kick. It was so embarrassing.”
They spent the rest of the day wrapping presents, and they were now lazily decorating the tree. Lazily, because Dean kept pausing to watch the movie.
Castiel glanced at him over his menu. “I want you to know that nothing we discuss tonight will affect your grade in my class. In case you were worried about that. I don’t want you to act any different with me than you would with any other friend.”
Both of them pulled away to take sharp breaths. They’d gone so long without stopping. But Dean couldn’t wait for long before pressing his eager lips to Castiel’s neck.
Now, that hurt like a bitch. It hurt even more than the headache Dean had from his hangover. That reminded him, he should probably get some food in him.
Before Cas could push Dean off his lap, Dean shook his head. “No, no, Cas. Don’t get me wrong. I like you. And I
“Cas, I think I deserve to know if you’re quitting work. I’ve been sitting next to you for three years.” As if that actually meant anything. But it was Dean’s only argument.
“Thanks for letting me crash here all week, Cas.” Dean heard a familiar purring and looked up to find Sebastian sleeping on Castiel’s pillow. “I’ve slept really well.”
It took a couple of hours for Dean to wake up. He didn’t look too thrilled about everyone being in his house, fussing over him. But Castiel wanted to reassure him that he wasn’t alone, that his family was still here and that they would never leave him.
Hearing this from Dean was so heart-wrenching. So deeply excruciating. Castiel sat up straighter, shifting towards Dean. “Dean, you’re
“He’s sleeping. I just thought you should know the truth. I knew this plan was bound to fail from the start, and I’m gonna do whatever I can to get Dean to slow down. I hope I can count on you to have my back on this.”
“Ben’s right,” Castiel said. Then he dove down under the water to grab at Dean’s legs, pulling him down with him. Dean glared at him again, but Castiel smiled, keeping him down there a couple more seconds before releasing him and resurfacing together.
There was nothing Castiel couldn’t see, hear, smell, or taste, and he yearned to touch everything. The extra weight on his back was comforting. His wings were like two added limbs, somehow necessary to the essence of his body as a whole.
Dean gulped, his eyes scanning the room. There was a group at the bar who was laughing loudly, clinking their drinks and slapping their backs. “There’s something fishy about this place.”
“The Mothman doesn’t want to hurt them, but he will defend himself if it comes to that,” Castiel continued. “This town is his home. He found it hundreds of years ago, and he’s made it his home. And he doesn’t want to leave, no matter how many people fear him.”
. There’s a lot of them. Everywhere in the world. They…they’re here to wipe out humanity. They don’t know what they’re doing, but they know how to kill.”
Dean faced Castiel, and then he laughed at the way Castiel’s nose was the only thing not covered in whipped cream. “Slept well?”
Dean nodded, though he knew it was too dark for Castiel to see it. “Take all the time you need. I’m not going anywhere.”
Bobby raised his eyebrows. “You wanna build a crib for your neighbors? Is it these Novaks you won’t shut up about?”
“Don’t blame yourself,” Dean said, touching her shoulder. “My brother needs you now more than ever.”
When they’d both finished their pieces of pie, Dean stood up straight. “Hey, you want to come into my office? I have something to show you.”
Castiel stared at Dean for a few seconds, and then his eyes widened. “I left hickeys all over your neck.”
“You’re not a teenager anymore. And you’ve been traveling a ridiculous amount for the past two months. You haven’t had a single day off. That’s a recipe for disaster.”
Dean laughed. It burst out of him like laughter was all that he was made of. All at once, he felt giddy with victory. A sharp thrill ran through him.
After getting his Michael clothes on, Dean went to hide in his trailer, letting out a deep breath. They hadn’t even started shooting and Dean already wanted to run away from all of this. No. Not from this. From Castiel. From the way Castiel made him feel.
Lisa motioned to the front door. “You think we can go inside and talk? I’ve been standing here for a while, and I need to use the bathroom.”
After Castiel got dressed fresh out of the shower, he whipped up scrambled eggs and toast for the both of them. They ate in near silence, which was unusual for them, but Castiel knew that they were both filled with worry and exhaustion from their lack of sleep the prior night.
“It wasn’t my plan,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes. “It was Sam and Jess who came up with the idea.”
Castiel cleared his throat. “I’m sure you’ll have plenty of time to reconnect later. Benny, it was a pleasure meeting you, but we really need to continue with the interviews.”
Dean jumped, looking over his shoulder at Castiel, who had been standing on the doorway. Castiel approached him and wrapped his arms behind Dean, leaning their cheeks together. Dean put his hand over Castiel’s wrist. It was slightly embarrassing to be caught playing his guitar, especially to Claire. Many people would think it was a waste of time to be so open with a baby, but Dean thought Claire understood what was going on in her own way.
It didn’t take long for Dean to find a person willing to let them enter their home at midnight to look for ghosts, or whatever it was they were doing. Mrs. Barnes was a nice lady who believed her house was haunted, so she’d stayed at her sister’s while they worked their magic. Castiel wasn’t afraid of ghosts; he didn’t think they’d find any of them here, but he wouldn’t want to be anywhere else tonight.
“Oh, God, not for a long time,” Jess said. “Sam and I had to plan our trip to France, like, a year ahead to get a bit of time off. I can’t imagine how difficult it would be to plan the rest of our lives for a kid.”
Ben filled Castiel in on everything exciting that had happened to him in the last week. According to Lisa, Benjamin had flown back to California the day after Ben’s birthday party. She claimed that he was putting some distance between them after the kiss. Lisa said she preferred that he stay away. But a few days ago, Lisa had told Ben—in front of Dean, mind you—that his dad, Benjamin, would be coming back to visit Ben before school started. Dean hadn’t even bothered asking Lisa for more details because he was done caring about who she kissed or fucked or anything. Dean only cared about Ben. As long as Ben was alright, Lisa could sleep with whoever the hell she wanted.
Charlie clapped Dean’s shoulder. “Took you a while to accept that, didn’t it? So, what are you going to do about it?”
“Don’t tell me Lucifer sent you,” Castiel said, putting out his cigarette and running to catch up to her.
Castiel arrived within fifteen minutes, throwing Dean what he must have thought was a killer glare but looked more like a tiny angry kitten. “You’ve got some nerve, Winchester.”
Castiel looked at Dean closely. Dean’s right leg was bouncing and his hands were fidgeting with the hem of his shirt.
“Dean, get up,” Castiel said, sitting on the edge of the couch where Dean had been sound asleep just seconds ago. “I’m going to make you some French toast and coffee.”
“Always be prepared, right, Boy Scout?” Dean grinned as he set down the flashlight on a boulder that lit up the area where he would set the tent.
After much debating that mostly consisted of Dean grumbling and Castiel saying a stern, “Dean, please,” over and over, they finally settled on something. If they stopped their shopping short today, Dean promised to shop for Sam’s gift no later than Friday. Dean gave Castiel his word, and they went to pick out the perfect Christmas tree for Dean’s living room.
Mary was unconscious on the hospital bed, the monitor showing there was no pulse, but they still stood there waiting for a miracle to happen. Dean prayed to whoever would listen. God, Allah, Yahweh, Ganesha, Vishnu. Any variation of a deity that could save his mom.
“Not well.” Sam frowned, pushing his cut up pancakes around with his fork. “Dean drank himself to sleep. I tried to stop him, but he was already tipsy and he threatened to drive to the liquor store for more if I took the bottles away from him. So I just let him. He woke up in the middle of the night to puke his guts out. At seven he woke again. He’s just been in Ben’s room ever since. He refuses to eat anything.”
When Dean thought no one was looking, he pressed his lips to Castiel’s neck softly. Once, twice. Castiel shivered.
It was moments like these that made Dean wonder if this was all just part of an incredible, vivid dream. This couldn’t possibly be his reality, could it? He couldn’t be so lucky, could he?
Once they were in the car, Dean put some AC/DC on and turned to Cas. “What’s going on? You can tell me anything. You know that.”
The sight of Castiel’s door was terrifying. Dean approached it slowly, his palms growing sweaty. He counted to ten before he knocked on the door, and waited. It was probably the longest wait of his life. But then Castiel opened the door, about ten emotions crossing his face, but confusion taking over in the end.
“Mmm,” Castiel hummed, pulling back slightly, enough that he could fist his hand around Dean’s cock while he continued sucking it. Dean thrust a few times, but it wasn’t rough. They’d learned each other’s pace over the years. That’s how Castiel knew Dean was close. Fingers tightened in his hair, and Dean shuddered again, uttering incoherent whispers.
Dean tried hard not to laugh. He took the rose and smelled it. “It’s beautiful. You shouldn’t have.”
Claire pushed her way past everyone. “Dad! Dad!” She ran straight to Dean’s arms and Dean picked her up, kissing her cheek. “I want popcorn.”
“Dean, I loved the fuck out of you,” Aaron said. “But I couldn’t let myself stay with you knowing you were in love with someone else.”
“Castiel,” Sam said, looking from him to the woman like he didn’t know what to do about the situation.
“And this is your fictional character? On your romance novel?” Dean wondered where Castiel was going with this.
“You shouldn’t have to settle for that,” Castiel said. It was hard holding his eyes, so Dean looked away.
with Castiel like he wanted to. And he wasn’t sure he was the only one wishing for more. He caught Castiel looking at Dean’s lips more than once.
Sam and Jess promised to come over to visit the following week, and Dean promised to cook them the lasagna they liked so much.
“We’re not queerbaiting our fans,” Castiel said. “It looks like Michael and Emmanuel are...falling in love.”
Castiel was awake now, curled up under the blanket, looking like a dream come true. He grinned up at Dean. “What a sight to wake up to.”
“Oh my God, did he have a total freak-out in the elevator?” Pamela asked, almost spitting out her drink. “How embarrassing.”
“I’ll wake him up,” Dean said, opening up the backseat. Castiel, who was leaning against the door, nearly collapse to the ground, but Dean managed to catch him. “Rise and shine, sugar.”
Dean watched for Castiel’s reaction to the ending. Castiel was sitting close to him, practically hiding in Dean’s shoulder at every jumpy part. Dean wrapped an arm around him, laughing at the endearing way he looked to Dean for protection. When the big reveal happened at the end, Castiel gaped at the screen, completely appalled.
Dean wanted to jump in to defend Castiel’s honor, but then Rosa dragged Charlie away, so he just waved a hand to them. Then he smiled at Castiel.
Ben laughed again, far more excited than he had been at the prospect of swimming with Dandy. He’d probably forgotten all about Dandy already. She was just laying on the grass by the pool, watching them.
Benjamin grimaced, looking uncomfortable. He met Lisa’s gaze, and then glanced back at Castiel. “That was fucked up, I’ll give you that.”
“I’m not interested, really,” Dean said, and then he looked at Castiel again. “Cas, are you ready to go home?”
selfish?” Anna asked, clenching her jaw. “You walked out of our lives, Castiel. As soon as you turned eighteen, you left us. All of us. Dad, Mom, me. You didn’t care about any of us. You were a rebellious teenager who felt too good for our family. Do you have any idea how much it hurt to lose you?”
Dean fed Claire a spoonful of the orange goo and she ate it willingly. “Babies are a lot like old people, if you think about it. They have no teeth, no hair, and wear diapers.”
The rest of the morning went by smoothly. After putting on his headset, the phone calls fired up Dean’s phone. Working customer service for a shitty finance company was not easy, but the day usually went by quickly. There were many angry customers, but over the years, Dean had grown used to calming them down and making them happy with a few kind words and quick solutions. In between his calls, Dean snacked on anything chocolate. He had a big container full of mini Snickers and Kit-Kats, of which he constantly stocked up on. Sometimes, when he was feeling nice, he’d offer some to Castiel, just to see him scoff.
“I’m glad it was you who won, Castiel,” Gabriel said, stepping forward. “I don’t usually have favorites, but I sensed something special in you the moment we met.”
“Yeah,” the woman said, shrugging. “Something like that. From what I’ve heard, the angel running this show is an archangel, Gabriel. He’s doing this against another archangel’s orders. Michael. I’m assuming he’s the one responsible for killing us off. Rumor has it Michael’s been trying to sneak angels in to put an end to the game show, or Gabriel himself, but so far, no one has made it through. If any of Michael’s angels make it through, then it’s game over for all of us.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes. “Are you sure about this? We don’t know how long we’ll be on the road, or how safe it will be. I don’t want to put you at risk.”
The first time they’d met, Dean had asked Castiel if he was okay with Dean joining them because he didn’t want to interrupt their time together. After Castiel gave his okay, Dean made sure to keep him included in the conversation, even though it was obvious how long his friendship with Charlie was—eight years and counting. Dean made quite a memorable first impression, and their friendship grew naturally after that. And then…
Sam furrowed his eyebrows, pulling out a chair and sitting down. He started filling up the empty plate that was left out for him, never taking his eyes off of Dean. “Why are you acting so creepy this morning?”
But Ben wasn’t drowning. He was actually swimming. Only for a few seconds, because then Castiel had him safely in his arms again.
Castiel wished he could help Ben, but he knew it was out of his hands. Besides, he wasn’t sure if he could even protect Dean in this new world where all disasters occurred purposefully. Fucking angels. Because that’s what they were. Castiel had no doubt about that anymore. Dean’s perception of angels was the total opposite of reality, but Castiel wasn’t going to use that against him now.
Dean sighed, pressing his forehead against Castiel’s, his breathing slowing down. “We’ve fucked in my car more than once.”
“And then, my dad and Sammy got home, and they found out what happened. The paramedics were still there. When they took her away, my dad...Cas, he lost it. He broke everything in the house. The dishes, the glasses, he ripped up the couches. I had never seen that side of my dad. He left me and Sammy alone and he took off. We didn’t see him until nighttime, and he was beyond wasted by then.” Dean shook his head. “I remember being scared of him because he wouldn’t stop yelling. Sammy had been crying all day, but even he ran to hide in a closet when our dad kept yelling.”
Leaning against the counter, Sam ran both hands through his hair. “What the hell am I supposed to do now? It’s not like I can order my older brother around. He’s never gonna listen to me.”
Dean walked him to the door. He wrapped his hands around Castiel’s neck and pulled him close. “Have a safe trip tomorrow. Call me when you get there.”
Castiel walked to the Impala, but he couldn’t get in because it was locked and Dean had the keys. Perfect. Just what he needed.
Bobby arrived before anyone else, but not alone. Ellen was with him. Now this was an interesting turn of events. What could have possibly made Bobby invite Ellen to a family holiday if they were, as he called it “just friends?” Dean knew that was total bullshit, of course.
“Yeah, right,” Anna said. “Anyway, are you guys up for some beers? There’s a bar I want to check out.”
Dean decided to skip the drive and walked to Castiel’s apartment instead. The night was cooler, and there was a light breeze. Dean’s head was a jumbled mess. There were a thousand things he wanted to say, but he wasn’t sure any of it would come out right, or make any sense. He kept reminding himself that it didn’t matter what he said because Castiel was still leaving. He was leaving. Dean wasn’t going there to stop him. He was just there to tell him the truth. Castiel had wanted the truth earlier. Well, he was going to get it.
For what felt like a small eternity, Dean watched Castiel swim laps in the pool meticulously. Castiel swam with the speed and focus of a professional. His back muscles were a thing of beauty, but Dean felt guilty about watching him so closely. Castiel had obviously marked a strong boundary between them, and Dean would respect it. He had no other choice.
“Why didn’t you come to me before? I could have helped. I brought my first aid kit.” Anna pulled out her camera from her bag. She snapped a picture of Dean before he protested. “We have to document the good and the bad. Life isn’t perfect, Dean.”
“I was going to do my one grand gesture,” Dean said. “But I couldn’t wait to see you. I waited until everyone left, but that’s all I could do.” He took a deep, shaky breath. “Cas, I came here to tell you that I love you. I love the way you dance like there’s nobody watching. I love the way you complain about my cold hands every time I touch you. I love that you bake cake pops only for me. I love the smell of you when you come over because you always smell like coffee. I…had a long list, but I’m a little nervous, so I’m improvising.”
Dean suggested splitting up, but Castiel refused to let Dean go off on his own alone. So, they wandered the dark halls together. Dean kept getting distracted every time Castiel was in his shot, and instead of filming the room, he focused on his ass, or his arms, or his thighs. All of it was good. Probably not what his viewers were here for, but eye candy nonetheless.
“You are.” Amelia cupped his face with her hand. “Why don’t you go take Dandy for a walk to clear your mind?”
Dean sighed, rubbing his forehead. Yeah, yeah, he knew he was supposed to be a good host to his family. But Castiel was leaving soon, too. “We’re having dinner with Gabe tonight, aren’t we?”
This time, Dean ran up to him, pulling him into his arms, more out of fear that he was going to fall over. Castiel gripped his hands onto Dean’s shirt, burying his face in Dean’s neck as he cried louder this time. If he was holding back before, he wasn’t now. “I can’t stand seeing you like this. Cas, I promise you’ll get through this. We’ll get through it together.”
“I know what you’re going to say,” Castiel said. “But I’m going to stop you. Our night is not ruined. It’s just getting started.” Castiel extended his hand. “Let’s go to our room.”
“Did you have a good time tonight?” Dean asked as Castiel leaned against the door of his car. Dean moved closer, his legs open so that Castiel’s legs fell in between. Dean placed his hands on Castiel’s hips, his thumbs rubbing the soft skin beneath his shirt.
On the days following Castiel’s birthday, Dean and Anna spent a lot of time together in order to get to know each other better. Castiel found it ridiculous that after all these years Anna wanted to get to know one of Castiel’s partners. Frankly, he thought it was a little too late, but he had promised Dean not to argue as much with his sister, so he’d kept his mouth shut. Their plan had actually worked in Castiel’s favor because as Dean and Anna entertained Claire away from home, Castiel managed to finish his final manuscript within his deadline.
“I just feel like so much has changed,” Anna said with a frown. “Last time I was here, I found out for the first time you had a kid, Castiel. If I hadn’t dropped by to surprise you today, I would have never known that you’re dating someone new. A man. You’re dating a man. A man I tried to sleep with.”
“Alright, do you want to keep arguing about this, or do you want to hit the road before it’s too dark?”
“A week after we kissed you were dating some woman,” Castiel said. “I mean, what did you expect me to think? That our kiss meant something to you? Because it meant everything to me. I thought you were just playing with me. It hurt too much thinking that you just wanted me for a good time. I had to keep my distance.”
Castiel leaned forward so that his cheek was pressed up against Dean’s, and they continued swaying, barely moving their feet as the song played on. Castiel was humming along to the song right into Dean’s ear, and it sent a shiver down Dean’s spine.
“And I don’t want the world to see me, ‘cause I don’t think that they’d understand,” Dean sang, mockingly dramatic.
Gabriel reappeared, chatting up the audience. There were some embarrassing attempts at stand-up comedy that were cringy at best. When Gabriel returned to them, he praised their work, but reminded them that the audience would decide the winner, so to please
After a while, Sam and Jess had to leave due to work, so Dean walked them to the door. They promised to come back the following week for the Fourth of July, which they were celebrating at Dean’s place. Lisa took Ben to play a game, so Amelia and Castiel were the only two people remaining at the table.
Wanting to get back to the topic of the history of Dean’s love life, he prompted him, “But you’re with Lisa now, and you have a son together. Something must have changed along the way.”
He was still staring at Lisa when he felt Castiel beside him. Ben had moved over to sit with Amelia, who had ordered nachos and was sharing with him. Ben had already gone through his juice.
Truth be told, Dean was done waiting for the perfect moment for them to have sex. He was more than ready.
“At least tell me where you’re going,” Dean said, quickly, trying to think of something that could get her to relent. Anything. “Give me an address. Let me write Ben a letter. You said it was California. Is it Los Angeles?”
Castiel laughed, his nose wrinkling. “I should have known you had a thing for chocolate after we ate that cake. And I think we’ve agreed that Vonnegut is an excellent author. I’d like to know more about you. What made you decide to start your college career with two philosophy courses?”
Castiel washed his hands and his eyes wandered. Beside the foggy mirror was a small poster written in big bold letters, very amateurish, but it still caught his attention.
“I…I guess we should go pay for the parts,” Dean said, rubbing the back of his neck. “I don’t want to leave Cas alone so long. He might need our help for something.”
Dean smiled, trying very hard not to blush because this was not the time. “Oh, you know, just doing what I can do.”
Castiel shook his head, turning around to look in the mirror. Dean stood behind him, slightly taller. “We should get ready. I’m certain my sister will come looking for us shortly.”
The restroom door opened and Dean took four steps back, leaving Castiel breathless and slightly dazed. It was Sam, who went to stand between them with his arms crossed.
Dean bounced his leg, a nervous tic he’d never learned to get rid of. “Alright. I’m down to go to a gay bar.”
It wasn’t just Dean that felt uneasy. Castiel had this gnawing feeling he couldn’t shake. It was probably due to the awful day he’d had, but something didn’t feel right.
Dean covered the top of his eyes with his hand as he looked closer. The dog wasn’t alone. A man and woman were standing on the porch, and it took him a moment to realize they were waving at him. Dean waved back, and the couple made their way towards Dean’s front lawn.
Castiel smiled. It was impossible to ever be mad at this sweet kid. “It didn’t hurt that much, Ben.”
Ben looked over at Dean, and Dean did his best to smile at him so he knew he was perfectly okay with this. But Ben was still frowning when he looked back at Benjamin. “What present?”
“News travel fast around here,” Aaron said. “So a few of us wanted to buy you a few beers down at the Roadhouse tonight, to say goodbye. You’re invited, too, Dean.”
“And the coffee. Don’t forget the coffee. I need my morning coffee. I would make it if I could, of course. But you seem to think that I can’t do anything with one hand.”
The front door flew open and it woke Dean with a start. He removed his boot and blindly tossed it at the intruder.
Castiel pulled Dean back in by the waist and Dean went easily. Then he whispered into his ear, “You have no idea how much you mean to me.”
“Yeah, we’ll call it slow,” Dean gasped since Castiel’s teeth had bitten down on the space between his neck and shoulder.
Apparently, bringing up schoolwork was the wrong thing to do because Castiel cleared his throat and went to sit behind his desk, far away from Dean. It was ridiculous, but Dean instantly missed Castiel’s nearness. He tried to get it back by sitting across from his desk, but it just wasn’t the same.
“Hey, girl,” Dean said to Dandy. “I’m sorry I forgot to fill your bowl this morning. I was so tired. Let me do that now.”
Gabriel laughed, a little forcefully. “I have written here that you are the center of this heated love triangle. You are currently married to Dean, but Meg was your first spouse. Now tell me, how do you feel about playing against both your husband, and your ex-wife?”
“I like him, too. We have a good thing going for us.” Dean propped up the guitar against the couch and stood up. “Grab your wallet, Sammy. We’re going shopping.”
“I’ve never heard any complaints about him.” Sam shrugged. “I read Yelp reviews of the Roadhouse and every other shop around. You never know, Dean. If a place shuts down, real competition could crawl right in its place.”
Anna widened her eyes. “But your book is so good, Castiel. I’m loving it. I can’t get enough of it. I swear, this one’s going to blow up.”
When Castiel showed up, Dean was just finishing up with dinner. The barbecue chicken was cooling on the counter and Sam was still working on the iced tea. Castiel was carrying Sophie in his arms, and he set her down as soon as the door closed behind him. Sophie ran to the living room and made herself comfortable on the couch.
“I hate that she’s gone too, Dean. Don’t you think I hate it? Don’t you think I miss her every day? Don’t you think I wish she could come back to us somehow? I watch the videos I took of her all the time, just to hear her voice. I don’t care that they make me cry. I watch them because I miss her so badly it hurts.”
Amelia and Lisa weren’t as close as they had been. Dean hadn’t told Lisa that Amelia was the one who first told him about Lisa having contact with Benjamin. Dean wasn’t a snitch or a bad friend. He wasn’t going to throw Amelia under the bus. Although, he also knew that Lisa had refused to visit the Novaks with the same consistency as Dean ever since. But since Amelia was the kindest person in the world, she was trying to win Lisa over again. She didn’t like the tension that had built there, so she had been trying to repair their friendship. Castiel thought it was a lost cause.
Meanwhile, Jess worked hard to get them to move into the living room, claiming it was more comfortable than the hallway. She didn’t rest until Sam and Dean were both slouching on the couch, deep in conversation.
Dinner was wonderful. Castiel had truly missed home-cooked meals, especially Esther’s. He ate seconds and then had two pieces of peach cobbler. Later, the three of them watched a documentary on bees, which was more interesting than it sounded.
Castiel pulled up at his and Anna’s house. Dean had stirred from his nap a few minutes ago. He couldn’t believe they’d made it just after 9pm. The drive back had been uneventful, but Dean had liked it.
Castiel laughed even harder, fighting to stay where he was. “Oh, fuck you. I’m the one who paid for them.”
Yeah, that was true. But having Ben was great. Dean never minded taking care of him. In fact, he was dreading starting work on Monday because Ben would have to go to daycare. “Well, this will be my own hobby. I’ve never had one of those. But since I now have my white picket-fence life, I think I can afford a hobby. Don’t you?”
Dean pulled Castiel down by the neck, and he kissed down his neck before he found the spot that made Castiel gasp and then nipped it, though gentler than Castiel had done to him. And then, he sucked on the skin there, earning himself a moan from Castiel that sent a shiver down Dean’s spine. As Dean continued sucking on Castiel’s neck, giving him a hickey like they were in high school, Castiel just buried his face in Dean’s neck, emitting soft sighs of pleasure.
That was possibly why Dean had coerced them all into becoming ghost hunters for the night. Lately, Dean and Castiel had spent most of their afternoons watching scary movies. They’d gotten through The Grudge, Sinister, The Conjuring, Insidious, and The Ring. So, naturally, after watching all of those terrifying supernatural scenarios, Dean wanted all of them to experience it firsthand.
“Not anymore!” Charlie said. “Guys, this is Jo. She works in my department. Jo, this is my bestie, Dean, and Castiel, his new friend from the office.”
“You’re not that bad,” Dean said after a beat of silence. “I love your cooking, so no complaints there. And you don’t like my beer, but you always make sure there’s some in the fridge. When you come in the room and steal the TV to watch
“Yeah,” Dean said. “Do you want to come back to my place? I’d really like to be alone with you right now.”
Dean threw a hand over Castiel’s shoulders, pressing a wet kiss to his stubbly cheek. “Anything for my
Dean kissed Castiel for a long time before he heard the clearing of a throat that made him pull away. Aaron was standing there, holding the leftover cake in his hands.
“Is that—does that bother you?” Dean asked. He still didn’t know how to process the fact that everyone at their job believed Dean and Castiel were together. How long had these rumors been flying around? Who had started them?
“No, I’m fucking blissed out. It’s your turn now. I wouldn’t be a gentleman if I didn’t take care of you.”
Dean laughed as Castiel nearly tripped with his own feet on his way out the door. He was tipsy already.
Amelia went to settle beside Dean, watching Castiel and Ben. “Castiel loves children. It’s always been one of my favorite qualities in him. I can’t wait to see him as a dad.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow, and there was a knowing look on his eyes before he approached Dean again from behind. This time, when his hands guided Dean into position, Castiel whispered, “You’re dangerous.”
“I was so stupid, Cas. I dated Sarah out of spite. I was sure my kiss had scared you off for good, and I just wanted to show you that I was fine without you. But I wasn’t. Cas, I was never fine without you in my life. This whole time, I was sure you were just leading me on, so I was trying to keep my distance.”
Dean sighed. “You have no idea—hang on, sorry.” Dean looked over his shoulder, locating Lisa by the front porch. “Lisa! Hey, hon, can you come over here?”
Christmas had never been so hectic for Castiel. Usually, Castiel and Amelia flew to Florida to visit Esther and Robert for Christmas and they did all the work. This year, Castiel and Dean did all the work. And the work was plentiful. Making tamales was not as simple as Castiel had assumed. It had taken hours to prepare everything, and a lot of restarting the process. The biggest challenge came when Claire woke up from her nap unhappy and Dean stopped helping with the cooking, leaving Castiel completely alone. In the end, Castiel did manage to get all the food done and Dean managed to get Claire to calm down.
Dean was even more annoyed when he got to his desk and remembered he wasn’t allowed to talk to Castiel at all. What kind of rule was that? He groaned as he sat on his chair. Dean grabbed his headset and was about to start accepting phone calls when he felt a tap on his shoulder.
“Oh, please. You got married because you thought I was getting married. Besides, don’t you see the way they look at each other? They’re clearly into each other.”
They stopped for burgers when they got to Champaign. Since Five Guys didn’t serve salads, Castiel bought a veggie sandwich. It looked decent, although Dean wouldn’t be caught eating that even on a dare.
Lunch turned out to be better than Dean had expected. Sam got an earful of Ben’s stories from his new daycare and Dandy. Dean got to sit and watch his baby brother and son interact, which was really sweet. Sam had always been a great uncle, and he was so patient with Ben. They’d always been close. Dean knew it had been hard for Ben being so far away from Sam when they lived in Wilburton. Dean had tried to make the drive, no matter how long, but their visits were always fewer than they’d wanted.
This wasn’t just friendship, was it? Was Castiel always this close to his friends? Did he ask them to dance and then kiss them? Did he hold them up to his chest even after they’d stopped dancing?
Before Dean knew it, a month had passed like this. He was reminded of it because Sam called him one evening.
“Of course you should,” Dean said. “You know why? Because you should be able to rely on the people you love when you’re going through hard times, and because you and I work better together when it comes to dealing with these shitty things life throws at us. We’ve done this before. We’ll do it again. You said Anna needs you, so you get to need someone, too. And I’m not letting you deal with this alone. That’s what I’m here for. So, get on that flight. I’ll book mine right now. We’ll meet each other there. It’ll be alright, Cas. And if it’s not, we’ll deal with that, too.”
Castiel furrowed his eyebrows, but didn’t say anything in response. What a strange way to phrase something as natural as a pregnancy.
“Dean.” Castiel reached over the table to place his hand over Dean’s, a light touch that weighed more than words. “You don’t have to be brave for me.”
The panel ended soon after, but then the book signing followed. That was the part that took the longest, and since Dean didn’t need to stick around for that, he took Claire to the children area and read her a book. Claire loved bedtime stories and she must have thought it was time for bedtime, because she passed out in Dean’s arms before he finished reading to her. Dean kissed her sweaty forehead. She must have been exhausted from all that running around. To be honest, Dean was drained, too.
“Well, aren’t you a stranger,” Tessa said, smiling widely. “Why haven’t you come around? We just started serving this new Mississippi mud pie that I know you’ll love.”
Castiel had left his job three and a half months ago, and he never went back. He didn’t give a reason, just said he had to leave. And Dean didn’t pry, didn’t pressure him to return to work; he was patient and kind, as much as he could be. But there were days when his frustration got the better of him, and he yelled just to release all his anger. At first, they’d ended up fixing things with sex, as unhealthy as that was, but then Castiel stopped fighting back. And Dean didn’t know what to do. All his efforts were futile, and he was tired. Dean was tired of fighting against an invisible opponent.
After opening him up with his fingers, Castiel got inside him, pushing in with ease and expertise. Castiel held both of Dean’s hands above his head, fingers laced, as he thrust in and out of him, making Dean’s toes curl with every right pinch of pressure. Castiel was relentless when it came to giving Dean pleasure every time they did this.
“I remember reading on your questionnaire that you’d recently lost your son,” Jody said, and Dean shouldn’t have been surprised that she’d gotten right into the meaty stuff so soon.
“You can’t buy a child’s affection,” Sam agreed. Dean knew they were having this interaction for his benefit, but it was kind of working.
“Ben drew all these for you guys,” Dean said, handing two of them to Castiel and the other two to Claire.
Castiel didn’t waste any time as he knelt between Dean’s legs. He’d only brought the lube with him, but Dean was happy to have just Castiel’s fingers. Castiel spread some of the lube on his palm and then rubbed three fingers against it, covering them entirely. Then, Castiel placed a pillow beneath Dean’s ass, kissing Dean’s inner thigh before he pressed his index finger tentatively against Dean’s opening. Castiel looked at Dean, watching for his reaction.
Sam was putting on a CD when Dean and Castiel joined them in the living room. Jess locked eyes with Sam, and she smirked. Dean was too tired to try to read into their weird silent conversation.
And then Castiel was back on his feet, hauling Dean up. They sat next to each other at the table and began eating. Castiel had a smug look all morning, but Dean found he liked it. Come to think of it, there was very little he
Dean blushed slightly because, fuck, he had it bad for Castiel. “What did you bring for Claire? I’ll feed her first.”
“Cas!” Charlie yelled. Castiel walked around Dean to kiss Charlie’s cheek. “We were just talking about you.”
“Looks like the phone lines are down everywhere,” Bobby said, sipping his beer. “Internet, too. But—lucky us—we still got electricity.”
. The picture of Sebastian also showed a little bit of Castiel’s hair in the shot. It looked like he’d taken it while they were both lying in bed.
Castiel gasped. “Me? I’m not the asshole here, Dean. You’ve been an asshole to me from the start. Last year, when I moved into town, I tried introducing myself to you at the bake sale, and you just scoffed at me and barely shook my hand. Then you criticized my car time and time again, despite me paying you repeatedly for your services. And then you walked into my office to do your taxes and you wouldn’t even look at me! If I’m an asshole, Dean, it’s because I won’t just stand by and let you walk all over me.”
Once they were on the road, Castiel in his truck close in front of him, Dean took in the town. There were a few small buildings destroyed, though their bodies were nowhere in sight. Nobody was running on the streets hysterically, though there were a few people standing around, looking more confused than panicked. Other than that, everything was eerily quiet. There were few cars on the road, which was the strangest thing, considering that Dallas was high in population.
“Ben knows that, Dean,” Castiel promised. “Ben has always known that. There was never a doubt in his mind that you were the best dad in the world. I know this. I saw it in his eyes every time he looked at you.”
“Oh.” Dean didn’t realize how much the news had hit him until he could finally breathe again. “I’m sorry.”
“We won’t.” Castiel furrowed his eyebrows. “Dean, are you worried that if we have sex it’ll somehow hurt our friendship?”
Castiel twisted on the passenger seat to glance at Charlie in the backseat. He grinned. “We talked and got high. You might be able to call it progress.”
Lisa shook her head. “I have to skip breakfast today. I’m running late. I told Joey I’d get there by 7:30 and it’s already 7:23.”
Dean loved his brother. Adored him. But right now, he was annoying the hell out of him. “Dude, can we hurry this up? Cas and I have to study.”
Dean wanted to bite his ear since it was so close to his mouth, but he resisted, his hands gripping Castiel’s hands instead. “Alright, now we’re gonna hit the ball.” Dean moved the stick, hitting the white ball hard enough to send all of the other balls flying.
“I hated the thought of eating by myself. I always do now. Food tastes so much better with you. I don’t want you to be angry with me. We did the angry thing for a long time and it didn’t work for us, remember?”
“Exercise isn’t gross.” Sam narrowed his eyes at Dean. “You should try it sometime. You know, to live a long and healthy life.”
“Of course,” Castiel said quickly. “Sam, I’m so sorry. I’ve noticed Dean’s exhaustion, but I’ve been so fucking selfish to do anything about it. I’ve tried to accommodate him here as much as possible, but obviously that’s not enough. I’ll talk to him tomorrow after he gets some rest. I’m going to put an end to this arrangement. He can’t keep doing this. I should have known from the start that we couldn’t keep this up for too long.”
Dandy was leading the way, walking a few feet in front of them. Despite the cool weather, Castiel had suggested going for a walk after breakfast. Dean had wrapped Claire up in a huge blanket and then draped another blanket over her stroller for good measure. Castiel was more worried she’d overheat now, although the temperature had dropped significantly overnight.
“Ah, I’m afraid that is where you and I will disagree,” Professor Novak said, shaking his head. “I’ve never quite enjoyed Kerouac’s prose.”
Charlie skipped over to them. She was wearing rainbow fairy wings and waving dozens of flags, her red hair bouncing with every step. “Guys, the drag show is about to start. Let’s go! Rosa went ahead to save us a spot on the lawn near the stage.”
Castiel was fully awake now. He tried to sit up, but Dean was practically on top of him. “I, uh, have morning breath.”
So Castiel did, and then he told a second and a third story when Dean kept asking for more. Castiel was comforted by the thought that sharing these stories with Dean meant that they could keep her memory alive together.
For the rest of the night, Dean tried to pretend nothing had happened. He tried to forget it. But every time he locked eyes with Castiel, he was reminded of how real it had all felt. Dean thought that, maybe, he could have kissed Castiel and it would have been okay.
“It’s no bother. How about you come over tomorrow and take me back to your place so we can get started?”
“I just...I worry about the day Dean falls in love and leaves,” Castiel said it like it was a confession to a priest, something sinful because of the selfishness behind it. “It’s a stupid thing to worry about because Dean was never mine to begin with. It’s not like I’d be losing him. I wouldn’t be losing him, would I?”
unusual for a baby to be so calm,” Castiel said. “Dean thinks she got it from Amelia.” Castiel was glad when he didn’t get any looks of pity after bringing up Amelia.
The year prior, Sam and Jess had decided to postpone their France trip until this year due to everything that had happened with Dean.
When Dean looked again, following Castiel’s gaze, the sun blinded him at first. But after a while, Dean caught sight of a large winged man standing clear as day on the roof of the house across the street. It was as though he had materialized out of thin air while Dean was momentarily distracted. The man—angel—had his gaze on them, violent eyes focused on his target. It took a second for Dean’s brain to realize that Dean was not the man the angel was focused on, but Sam who was standing behind them. When Dean turned to Sam, he saw no fear, but there was anger in his eyes.
When the drag show ended, a lively DJ took over. Suddenly, the bar was filled with pop music. Dean wouldn’t admit this to many people, but he was a fan of Ariana Grande, and he knew every word to
“NO!” Dean shouted. “No, you don’t get to cry about this. Sam isn’t dead. Jess isn’t dead. We’re going to find them. Cas, you said we’d find them. You need to help me find them. You promised. You…”
Castiel nodded along to everything Dean said. “Yes, exactly. We’ve been boyfriends for a long time now. We’re just so happy together. Tonight we’re getting matching tattoos. I’m getting mine on my right ass cheek.”
They sat in comfortable silence. They’d gotten to the point where they were so used to being with each other that they didn’t have to talk to enjoy each other’s company. It was great.
Dean was trying not to get his hopes up, but he could have sworn that Castiel was flirting with him. Not always, but sometimes. Then again, that was most likely wishful thinking. But how else could he explain all of those careful touches Castiel gave him in passing, on his lower back, arm, shoulders, and face? Dean kept trying to remember when those touches started, but he wasn’t sure he’d catalogued their beginning. All Dean knew was that they continued happening and he always leaned into every single one.
Dean could not imagine what sort of pictures Castiel had taken of him while he slept. Where the hell were his pants? “Smile all you want, Cas. My revenge is coming.”
“You can come swim with Dandy any day you want,” Castiel said. “Summers are long in Oklahoma. You’ll get a lot of chances. Trust me.”
Dean pulled out all of his printed research for his essay. He hadn’t written a research paper in so many years. He was pretty rusty. He’d chosen Hinduism as the focus of his research, but he’d been having trouble narrowing it down to only one Hindu tradition to expand on. He was hoping Castiel would help with that.
“You haven’t Facetimed him yet?” Jo asked. “What’s wrong with you, Dean? Is there not a single romantic bone in you?”
Dean gave in for two reasons—Sam and Mary. They’d both been over the moon with Dean’s “small idea,” and he’d be lying if he said he hadn’t been totally giddy, too. With their support, Dean applied to UT Austin and waited to hear a response. When he got his acceptance letter, Dean could hardly believe it. The first and only college he’d ever applied to actually accepted him. But before Dean registered for classes, Mary got sick. It started out as a little cough, but things never stay that simple.
Castiel beamed. It’d been weeks since Dean had smoked with him, and it just hadn’t been the same without him.
Dean widened his eyes. “Is that it? Dude, that’s a big deal. I’m telling you I’m gay, and you ask me if that’s it?”
Castiel’s eyes moved as he read the article Dean had opened. “Okay, I guess we should have thought about that.” He looked back at Dean. “But we can still figure out a way around it.”
“The fans are gonna lose their minds,” Charlie said. “The moment you two kiss on screen, everyone will shit their pants. Do you have any idea the amount of fanfiction that exists about Michael and Emmanuel getting together?”
“You have talent, my friend.” Dean continued eating, until he became aware of his rudeness. “Shit, I forgot to bring a plate for you. I’m sorry. I’m just stuffing my face in front of you.”
Castiel parked sloppily, then ran out the truck, kneeling in front of Dean to reassure himself he wasn’t hurt. Castiel lifted Dean’s head and cradled his face in his hands. Dean was alive and well, and there wasn’t a scratch on him. Castiel wanted to cry from relief, and then he pulled Dean into his chest, pressing him in as close as possible. “You’re okay, you’re okay, Dean, you’re okay.”
Amelia nodded. “Tell me about it. Castiel started doing all the cooking since I got pregnant. He promised me I wouldn’t have to do a single thing during my pregnancy and, so far, it’s been true.”
Lisa frowned. “What’s wrong? Dean, look at me.” She turned his head and he was forced to meet her gaze. “Don’t tell me you’re upset about what happened earlier.”
“I’d love to be your friend.” Jo looked at Claire. “And I’d love to be your friend, too, cutie.” Jo looked back at Dean. “So, what’s the deal with you and Cas? I don’t really know the story. My mom and Bobby don’t like to gossip.”
Dean guided Castiel to Sue’s Diner a few blocks from their work building. The walk inside was much shorter this time, so they left the umbrella inside the car and only got a few sprinkles on them.
Castiel liked the thought of always being Dean’s plus one. That had to be a good sign. “Alright. If you say so.” Castiel picked up his book again, opening it to the page he’d marked.
“Bobby’s giving me a dirty look ‘cause I’m supposed to be working right now—I’ll get off the phone, just let me say goodbye to my boyfriend first. Sorry, Cas, but duty calls.”
Castiel didn’t want to leave Dean alone to deal with this, but he knew he didn’t have a choice. So he left, closing the door behind him. As he walked back outside, fists clenched at his sides, his mind went over all the scenarios that would follow this event, and none of them looked good. Dean would suffer a great deal because of this. And what about Ben? How would this affect Ben?
Dean elbowed Castiel on the side. “I’m gonna head home. Lisa and Ben should be back by now. I’ll see you and Amelia tomorrow at my place. Be prepared to lose.”
Dean remembered something and stopped Bobby from walking away. “Bobby, hang on. I was meaning to ask, do you still do carpentry jobs on the side?”
“So, then tell me, why is it so unbelievable for the same people to love you, and for you to matter to them? You see, Dean, love is often reciprocated. It’s difficult to love someone who doesn’t love you back. But when love is returned, the love you feel for them comes easy. Then you continue loving them because they continue loving you back.”
They sat at a booth in the back and ordered bacon cheeseburgers and fries. Then, jokingly, Dean ordered a strawberry milkshake to share between them. But Castiel found it sweet.
Sam leaned forward and shook Castiel’s hand. “Yeah, you too. I don’t know what you did to convince my brother to all of this, but thank you, for bringing him here.”
Treading beside him was Anna, snapping pictures of the area surrounding the junkyard right after they both climbed out of the tow truck that transported the broken Impala. It wasn’t easy looking at her, so beaten up, but it was nothing compared to seeing Castiel knocked out and bleeding. The Impala was the least of his concerns.
Ben shrieked as the cool water touched him, but then he was full of laughter as Castiel—holding him under the shoulders—spun him around in circles. Ben was delighted by the movement and Dean smiled wide. Yeah, Castiel would be an amazing dad.
“What a great ending, too,” Dean said, shaking his head, still dazed from all the reading. “I mean, this is probably my favorite book of all time now. No kidding.”
“Well, I’m glad you asked because I have so much to tell you,” Castiel said with a smile in his voice.
At least Castiel found this turn of events amusing. Meanwhile, Dean’s mind was racing trying to find a solution to his epiphany about his feelings for Castiel. Despite being unsure of Castiel’s sexuality, Dean wasn’t afraid of his feelings. That should probably freak him out, but it didn’t.
“A garden?” Castiel mused. “That sounds nice. I’ve never been good with plants. I’ve killed five mint plants. After the fifth one, I just felt like it was abuse to keep trying.”
Castiel turned up the soft acoustic music up on the radio. They drove like that for a few minutes. And then Dean broke the silence.
“Hi. Good. Everything’s good with me.” Bela stared quietly at both of them, a forced smile on her face. “I heard the rumors at work, but I didn’t believe them. I guess I was wrong. You two make a nice couple.”
Dean swallowed the knot in his throat. Things didn’t get any better when Lisa strode through the doorway alone. Lisa called for Ben, who didn’t waste any time running up to her arms.
Dean laughed, he laughed and laughed and then Charlie and Castiel joined in. They filled the house with laughter, and it was somehow louder than the music. When the laughter faded, Dean said, “I fucking love you two. I swear, you guys are the loves of my life. But I only wanna bang Cas. Sorry, Charlie.”
Castiel smirked because he knew he could easily talk Dean into staying in bed for another extended minute. He blew Dean a kiss as he walked away before rolling over onto his stomach, hugging Dean’s pillow to his chest. He could sleep a few more minutes just like this.
Dean kissed Castiel’s eyebrow. “Are you asking if I’m a top or a bottom? Definitely bottom. But I can top if you ask nicely.”
Dean scrunched up his nose. “I don’t know how she eats this every time we feed it to her. One of these days, she’s gonna figure out that our food tastes so much better than hers.”
I should have realized sooner that you needed help with the wedding. I tend to see you as a superhero who can do a million things perfectly all at once, but I have to remind myself that you are human, and a very stubborn one at that.
Castiel wished for the numbness to return. Anything was better than this sinking feeling at the pit of his stomach.
“I’m serious, Dean. I’ve lived in New York for so long, and I’ve been happy, but there was always something missing. You. It was you. I’m willing to give up everything for you.”
Castiel cradled Dean’s face in his hands, thumbs brushing his cheekbones. “I’m not going back there again. I’m staying here. Claire and I are staying here with you.”
Castiel tilted his head. “Your friends? Since when are those people your friends? You rarely speak to them.”
“We might need some help,” Anna said, looking at Dean, expectantly. “You see, yesterday we had a bit of an accident, and my friend here is trying to restore his car. It’s an old model.”
Dean rubbed the back of his neck, hiding his gaze. “I saw your tweet, the one about seeing your crush. I thought you were talking about someone else, and we were going down the same road. So, I decided to keep my distance to protect myself. That was futile, of course, because once you were back in my life I couldn’t get you out of my head.”
“Yes.” Castiel swallowed again because there was a knot in his throat that wouldn’t dissolve. “Esther, Robert, Dean and I will be right back. Could you please keep an eye on Claire while we’re gone?”
They went to the kitchen for some ice cream, and brought it back to the couch to eat as they watched
“You’re a bad person, Lis,” Dean slurred, leaning his head on his arm on the counter. He could hardly keep his head up anymore. “I trusted you. For what? You stole everything from me. I loved you. For what? You broke my heart. I wish I could hate you, Lisa. I wish I could.”
“We’ve both made mistakes, Dean. We can’t fixate on the past. I’d like to move past all of that, if that’s alright with you.”
The place also had a Texas Trail of Fame, which was a thousand times better than the Hollywood Walk of Fame. This one honored fucking cowboys like John Wayne, Zane Grey, Wyatt Earp, and Mark Twain. Dean had to stop and take a picture with all of the names he recognized. Castiel didn’t make fun of him once. Then the two of them went to the Cowtown Cattlepen Maze and got lost there for an entire hour. Dean was terrible at mazes and apparently so was Castiel, but they eventually made it out.
“The only Sam I know, yeah. You’ll get a chance to finally meet. He’s bringing a salad. Can you believe that?”
. He’d told him about every single episode, in detail, and had even sung a few of the hilarious songs. Castiel had stayed mostly quiet, making a quiet “hmm” or letting out a soft chuckle every now and then. Dean could talk forever about that show and never get sick of it. Somehow, it seemed to be calming down Castiel.
Dean filled two plates with scrambled eggs, bacon, and toast. “Leave those donuts in the kitchen. Let’s have a real breakfast, buddy.”
“Come on, grumpy.” Dean circled his hand around Castiel’s wrist and pulled him to the front door. “Stand still.”
“Yes,” Castiel said, pulling out his phone to see Anna’s name on the screen. “I just need to get this. I won’t be long, I promise. Then we can go home.”
The moment Dean turned his head, Castiel crashed against him. Judging by the awkwardness on his face, it appeared that he’d been going in for a kiss, but Dean’s face wasn’t exactly at the right angle, so they just bumped noses. An Eskimo kiss.
Dean frowned, trying to remind himself that this wasn’t as bad as anything else Dean could have come up with. But it was still bad. At least for Dean. He wasn’t really looking forward to the holidays, but he was definitely looking forward to spending more time with Castiel. “Okay. It’s good to be with family, Cas. Don’t worry about me. You should be with them now.”
“Already?” Castiel asked, and the sudden loudness of his voice startled him. He pushed his way closer to Amelia so he could hold her hand. It was cold. Was she cold? Was she uncomfortable? Did she need a blanket? “We just got here.”
“Dean, you are the best thing that has ever happened to me,” Castiel said. “I don’t know how I was able to wait three years to make a move, especially having you sitting next to me every day at work. But I’m glad I waited because those three years helped me learn more about you. I have a mental list of all the things I love about you, and it is extensively long. In my life, I haven’t been sure of many things, but I’ve always been sure about you. I love you, and I feel eternally grateful that you love me too.”
Castiel threw his head back in laughter. Dean shook his head as he went to set down the plates at the table. Castiel showed up with two mugs full of coffee—Dean’s was black, just like he liked it. “Can I have your autograph?”
,” she corrected. “But yes. That’s right.” She turned to him, the smile lighting up her face. “You want a grilled cheese too or not? Cause I need to get out more bread if you do.”
Benjamin had the same quirked eyebrow from before, seeming unfazed as he took Ben in. Dean didn’t like the way he looked at Ben, like he was sizing him up. But maybe Benjamin didn’t know how to show his affection. Then again, he’d never really wanted to have a kid before. Why should it change now that Ben was six?
Castiel blinked when it was his turn. Dean was staring openly at him, holding his hand out for his book. Castiel handed it over, shifting on his feet.
Dean felt a sudden warmth fill his stomach. He was touched that Castiel was willing to share something so personal with Dean. He felt like he had to do something to show him he felt the same way. Dean decided to show Castiel all of his sketches.
Thankfully, Dean was able to make his escape when Claire started crying. After changing Claire’s diaper, he took her back to the living room where Anna and Castiel were talking on the couch. Anna gasped when she saw Claire, wanting to hold her. Dean handed her over, sitting beside Anna as she cooed at Claire.
Castiel offered to drive and Dean was grateful because he didn’t think he could remember the way home in his current state.
“Dean,” Castiel said, wrapping his arms around him. “Dean, are you alright? Hey, look at me. Can you hear me?” Castiel lifted Dean head and held it carefully in his hands. “Baby, I know you’re afraid for me, but I can do this. I
“Have a good night, Lisa.” Castiel went back inside his house, shutting the door behind him. He put the soup in the fridge and went back to their room, where Dean was already half asleep.
“Cas, Cas, hey, you need to sit down.” It was Dean. He was standing in front of him, holding him up by the arms.
Castiel didn’t answer for another half hour, so Dean finished his dinner. When he was getting ready for bed, he got another text.
“Yeah,” Dean said. “I want us to last. I don’t wanna be with anyone else. I still don’t know if I believe in soulmates, but you’re the closest I’ll ever get to one.”
Dean kissed him again, and then he felt the world spinning as Castiel rolled him over onto his back, bucking his own hips harder against Dean’s. Dean moaned shamelessly when he felt Castiel’s erection rub against his own.  “Fuck.”
“I don’t mind,” Dean said, still smiling, but there was a glisten on his eyes with unshed tears. Dean swallowed. “I can help carry it into the nursery, if you’d like.”
“You still live in New York, and I still live here. If we do this, if we start something up, we’ll still have the long-distance issue. We didn’t survive it before. What makes you think we’ll survive it this time?”
“Not in my car you’re not,” Dean said, rolling down the windows. “Stick your head out until we get to the hotel.”
“What does this mean?” Dean’s head was spinning. He’d been so sure Meg would win. If Castiel won, then that meant…
Dean opened his mouth, speechless for the first time tonight. Castiel had called him gorgeous, in front of everyone. That was...well, that was something new. “I think I’m done with the hookups, though. I’m still good friends with some of them, like Aaron Bass and Lisa Braeden.” Dean was openly bisexual to his friends, family, and the rest of the world. He’d openly dated both men and women, so he had nothing to be ashamed of. The name-dropping part, though, that he wasn’t so proud of.
Dean tried to remember what day of the month it was. “Oh yeah. Just a few more weeks until I see you again. Your bedroom is ready. I washed your sheets and everything.”
Castiel cleared his throat. “I made jambalaya. And it should be more than enough to feed everyone in the audience.”
Castiel was touched that Dean had shared his books with his brother and sister-in-law. However, he did wonder why Dean hadn’t mentioned it at all. “I didn’t know Dean made you read my books.”
Dean gaped at him. “What? Dude, she’s your sister. How does she not know you were going to be a dad? That’s a big deal.”
First, Dean leaned completely over Castiel’s body, lifting himself up with his hands. He kissed Castiel’s shoulder all the way to the back of his neck, where he sunk his teeth into the sensitive skin there. Castiel let out a groan, hanging his head. Dean licked over the teeth marks he’d left behind before he continued kissing his other shoulder, nipping the skin a few more times because he knew how much Castiel liked that.
Castiel laughed. “You can demand things all you want, Dean, but I’m not allowing you to be my student ever again.”
“Alright,” Jo said, furrowing her eyebrows. “Well, if you’re here, you might as well eat something. What can I get you?”
“Your wife always knows best,” Charlie said. “I’ll let you get to work. Quit stalling and just write.” She went back behind the counter.
“Dean, we’ve gone over this before,” Jody said patiently. “Your mother’s death wasn’t your fault. She died of natural causes. There was nothing you could have done to prevent it.”
Dean didn’t deny it. When he tried to sit up, Castiel held him down, not ready to let him start his day just yet. “I gotta check on Claire.”
It took a minute for Castiel to open the door, and the sight was wonderful. Castiel was in his pajamas, and his hair looked like it hadn’t met a comb in months. There were sleep marks on his right cheek. He rubbed his eyes and yawned.
work, Dean, don’t be rude,” Anna said, flipping back her hair. “I got tired of waiting. What are you even talking about with my brother, anyway? You saw him a few hours ago.”
It wasn’t until Dean told Castiel that he had to cook lunch that they stopped texting. Castiel told him he’d been a big help.
Finally, Castiel picked up a bowling ball and went to stand in front of their lane, getting into position before he threw the ball, watching it roll with force until it hit the front-centered pin, knocking down all of them at once. A strike on the first try. That bastard would be even more smug now.
Dean turned to find Naomi still at the same stand, arguing about prices. As if she didn’t have enough money to pay for whatever price the artist was asking for. “She’s a handful, isn’t she?”
Dean was beaming. That sounded awesome. “Are you sure? You don’t think Amelia will mind you taking off for a full weekend?”
As soon as she lay down in the only warm spot in the room, her mind wandered. But not for long. There were screams outside. No, shrieks. Painful. Agonizing. She clenched her jaw.
Dean stood there watching him for a few seconds, unsure of what he was seeing. Was Castiel freaking out over this? Or was he, like, meditating or something?
After giving Claire a stuffed egg—how was that a toy?—Claire relaxed enough for Dean to go back to his seat. Castiel turned to him immediately, smiling in the middle of answering a question. Then he cut himself off.
Castiel pulled out the box underneath the seat and dug through the old tapes until he found the one Dean wanted. He gave it to Dean, who put it on.
Ben was Lisa’s ten-year-old son. Dean had never met him, but Lisa talked about him a lot at the office. It was really sweet.
Dean ignored him, looking at Ben. “Kiddo, just pick a tree and piss on it. Nature is your new restroom.”
Dean was driving, which was making it so easy for Castiel to stare at his profile the entire drive there. Not even the music was helping to distract him. Every song could relate to Dean. That was probably because Castiel’s mind was just DEAN, DEAN, DEAN at the moment.
“Then you gotta put her to the test,” Dean said. “If she can put up with our family, then she’s golden. Look, Sammy, you’ve been alone for too long. I think this is good for you.”
been before. So close their noses brushed, and Castiel laughed immediately, taking a step back. Dean took a step forward, and then closed the distance between them.
When the song ended, Dean reached for Castiel’s left hand across the seat, and lifted it. “When did you put the ring back on? I hadn’t noticed.”
The moment ended too soon, with Castiel pulling away from Dean’s cheek. However, his arm hadn’t surrendered Dean yet and his grip was just as strong as ever. Castiel locked eyes with Dean, and the intensity of them was intoxicating. And then, Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s temple, in a lingering, gentle kiss that made Dean dizzy.
“We haven’t had a chance to talk since you got here,” Sam said, setting down his bowl of cereal. “Last time we spoke on the phone, you told me you were going to see a marriage counselor with Cas. Did you end up going before…?”
Dean refused to let Castiel sour his good mood. He went to work, whistling along to the Ramones as he drove. At the garage, he got a few weird looks from his coworkers. Had Dean been so obvious about what had been going on with Lisa?
Dean hadn’t thought the offer was serious. And even if it was, Dean didn’t want to disrupt Castiel’s life in New York. He assumed he was dating someone, since Dean had been dating Lisa at the time. Besides, Dean wouldn’t get on a plane even if someone paid him to. He had considered taking a road trip in his trusty Impala, but he never dared to do it. Too much time had passed, anyway.
Amelia was wearing black pants and a white t-shirt, but on her enormous rounded belly, the creepy alien from
Today was Friday. Castiel and Amelia had spent most of the day trying out an old family meatloaf recipe for Charlie and Rosa’s famous yearly potluck cookout that was happening the next day. It looked good, but no one had tasted it yet. Amelia was certain that her old grandmother’s recipe would have everyone licking their fingers. Castiel hoped that wasn’t the case because that was very unsanitary. Now Castiel was waiting for Dean to put on
Castiel shushed him, pulling him back in his arms. “You have nothing to be sorry about. I just need you to be okay. That’s all.”
Castiel drew in his breath, widening his eyes. Now that was completely unexpected. “Are you serious?”
“No,” Castiel said, licking his chapped lips. His mouth felt sandy all of a sudden. “Why did you pick this place? I hated the drive.”
Castiel softened his eyes. “I’m not asking you to have faith in God. I’m asking you to have faith in you.”
“I don’t want to get involved in your argument because it’s none of my business,” Dean said. “But I worked very hard to make today special for Castiel, so I’d really appreciate it if the two of you could stop fighting. At least for today.”
“Dean, you’ve been single for too long. I figured it was time that you met someone new. And Rhonda is super nice and sweet. She’s one of Jess’s closest friends at work. We thought you two would hit it off.”
Once breakfast was done, Dean brought over the two plates, a carton of orange juice, and two glasses to the kitchen island. He had a plan to keep his distance from Castiel. It was weak, but it was a plan.
Castiel glanced up at Dean, who was beaming at the two of them. “That’s right. It’s coming up at the end of July, isn’t it?”
Dean laughed, but the pitch was off and made him sound insane. “You’re sorry? You’re fucking sorry? You’re not sorry. You’re a fucking monster is what you are, Lisa.”
But once they got back in the car, Castiel smiled at Dean. “I hope you still have room for dessert. There’s this diner a few blocks down that makes the best pie. We have about half an hour before they close.”
Dean cleared his throat. “I gotta say, I don’t believe in much. For years, my art consisted on nothing but monsters from legends, old and new. I drew them obsessively. I didn’t believe in their existence, but I was drawn to them. After all the research Cas and I have done over the Mothman, I think there’s definitely something there. I don’t know if I completely believe in the Mothman’s existence, but I can say that I believe the town lived through crazy experiences. And they’re worth talking about.”
The entire week, Dean had worked all day only to come home and play with Ben, cook for them, take the dogs for a walk, wash the dogs, clean up after the dogs. That morning, he’d woken up at 4:30 to finish packing and catch his flight. Then he’d tried to swallow his fear on the long ass flight, his stomach turned to mush the entire time, which prevented him from eating a full meal. Then he’d arrived here to spend just a few hours with Claire and Castiel. And Dean loved all three of them so much that all of this was worth the exhaustion he was feeling now. But it was now close to midnight, and Dean was so warm under the blanket. He told himself that he’d close his eyes just for a few seconds, and then he’d be good to go when Castiel came back. He’d be more than ready to rock his world.
Castiel blushed at that, and Dean felt a ping of pride at that. He’d made Castiel blush twice that night. Maybe Castiel wasn’t completely straight either. Not that Dean was brave enough to ask him about it. But damn, he hoped. He hoped so much when it came to Castiel. “We should set some ground rules first,” he said.
“Yeah, sure, no problem,” Chuck said, a slow smile spreading on his lips. “You know, I’m glad to see you back here again. You look…better.”
Dean looked over at Castiel, but Castiel had his eyes closed and his head leaning on the seat. He figured he was asleep, so he blurted out, “Hey, Cas, you’re pretty.”
Dean smiled for the picture, pushing Sam away when he started messing up his hair. “I don’t care how tall you are, Sammy, you’ll always be younger than me.”
Castiel shook his head. “We’ve sat next to each other for three long years. We’ve never had a civilized conversation. And now, suddenly, we get stuck in an elevator, and you want to have lunch?”
“And I think Dean feels the same way about me,” Castiel said, the realization setting in the same comforting way that you fall into bed after a long, exhausting day. Castiel couldn’t help but smile, allowing himself to hope that the sentiment truly went both ways.
Dean put his ring on Castiel, and Castiel put his ring on Dean. And Dean didn’t know why he was being so emotional, but he was about to cry for a third time.
For the first time, Lisa was speechless. She stared back at Castiel like he had just told her a spaceship had landed on her front lawn.
“I lost my dad when I was twenty. I loved the hell out of him. He used to take me and Sammy hunting as kids. We hated it, but he loved it, so we did it for him. I stayed in the closet the entire time he was alive because as good as he was sometimes, John Winchester was homophobic. I loved my dad, Cas. But he never knew the real me. And for years that thought haunted me.” Dean shook his head. “I’m twenty-seven now, and I still regret never having the guts to come out to him.”
Castiel sat down on the step beside him while Dandy laid down on the bottom step. “I started walking Dandy at night, so it’s a little cooler on her paws.”
Dean looked him up and down, his eyebrows furrowed. “Who the hell are you supposed to be? I thought you were gonna be an angel.”
“Huh?” Dean said. He hadn’t realized he’d been smiling, but then he realized he couldn’t stop. “Oh, I was just thinking about something funny Cas told me.”
Dean shook his head, looking back at his drawing. “I don’t think that’ll ever happen. I already have a job. It’s kind of ridiculous to think I could get paid for something like this.”
When he rounded another corner, he found Castiel standing outside a bedroom. His wings were exposed, but they weren’t expanded. Dean approached him slowly, still thrown off by the sight. Castiel looked beautiful with his wings, but it was still so new to Dean. It would take some time to get used to this.
Dean blinked. Why did he care so much about Castiel not being there? Was there any logical reason behind that? “I was worried about you.” Dean figured honesty was the best thing here.
Bobby cut after the first kiss because Castiel accidentally bit Dean’s lip. The kiss was meant to be short and chaste, but Castiel got a bit carried away. Dean didn’t blame him. He was the one who “accidentally” stuck his tongue inside Castiel, even though, again, that wasn’t what the script called for.
Castiel coughed on the drink he’d just sipped. When he calmed down, he gaped at Dean. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t expecting to hear that.”
Dean looked at Castiel’s profile. There was a permanent frown on his face. “I didn’t know you still talked to your ex-wife.”
Castiel joined them, hugging both of them with open arms. Castiel was filled with the reality that, yes, Dean was an important part of their life, someone indispensable, closer than Castiel’s blood relatives. Dean meant so much to both him and Amelia. How fortunate they had been when Dean had picked out the house right next to theirs.
“Well, for starters, it’s heavily centered around Michael and Emmanuel falling in love. It’s interesting because Rae was the one who was openly gay on the show. Although, there are countless fan theories that Michael and Emmanuel were gay too.” Jack smiled at Dean. “To answer your question: yes, I’ve read the fanfiction. And yes, some of it is good.”
Naomi was still unconscious. She would be for a while. But that didn’t matter. She was still here, in her body, with a heartbeat. That was more than what Castiel had had when he’d had to say goodbye to Amelia. So he counted his blessings.
Well, maybe Dean had a way with words on paper. Regardless, Dean had Castiel’s attention, as well as the many others in the room. The hour flew by. Dean started by talking about his writing career.
Dean sighed, watching Castiel leap back up and swim to the other end of the pool. “How’s the water?”
Dean wasn’t about to let Castiel walk home late at night, so after he dropped off Sam at home, he drove back to school and waited. He worked on some homework, and then he just listened to Zeppelin to pass the time. It was hard not to replay the events of the night prior since it had happened right in his backseat. Just thinking about it made his jeans feel uncomfortably tight. He’d feared he’d crossed the line with Castiel, but nothing had changed between them. They were still Dean and Castiel, and everything was okay.
“I’m so sorry, Castiel,” Esther said, and Castiel hadn’t expected that, which was odd because everyone kept saying sorry to him lately.
“He doesn’t leave his dirty socks in the bathroom until they get wet and moldy?” Dean asked pointedly.
The next day, Dean showed up at the Roadhouse bright and early. Again, Castiel hadn’t said what time he’d show up, and since Dean didn’t want to miss him, he needed to be prepared. He wasn’t sure what it was about the guy, but Dean really enjoyed his company.
Dean continued working Castiel to his climax, and when Castiel came all over Dean’s stomach, his smirk turned into a full-on grin.
“So, you like the grand gesture?” Dean asked, shifting to face Castiel. “You like that Harry showed up at the party and confessed his love for Sally right at midnight?”
“I’m perfectly alright, my dear boy.” She closed the distance between them and cupped his cheek. “You’re looking mighty fine yourself.”
