And with that, they walked hand in hand back to the Impala, to start the next ninety-nine thousand chapters of their lives.
The awkward silence permeated the interior of the vehicle. The cold of Dean’s sweat ran down the side of his neck, and rolled onto his back and stuck him to the back of his seat. Cas kept looking at him, as if waiting for some kind of answer that Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to give. The bright orange horizon darkened into a low violet sky as the minutes flew by them.
“Aw, that’s sweet of her. What a good kid,” Dean said with a small smile on his face, gleaming with pride.
“And how about you? What do you want?” he asked.
It was his first semester at Lawrence Community College, at the ripe age of 24. He knew it wasn’t that old, comparatively to many other folks who attended the school, which gave him some reassurance. He would be the first to tell everyone else how they needed to work at their own pace, and there is no right way to do things, but he was always bad at following his own advice, and never quite felt comfortable with how far behind he felt in the class. He was smart, he knew it, but it was all of the rules that drove him mad: the MLA format, the deadlines, all the things that didn’t seem to really matter to him. Luckily, their professor took a liking to him, and generally cut him some slack because of his witty comments.
“What? That’s crazy! Six burgers? I mean, I love them, but I don’t know if I could hold it down,” he said, his face glowing with his amusement.
“Dean you’re not in the kitchen?”
“Och, no Dean…this won’t work. The blood is his vessel’s, of course his grace ran through it but… it is not
And if Dean couldn’t find a part of his celestial being…a part of Castiel as an angel…He could never bring him back. Dean never saw his true form. He had seen glimpses, his shrilling angelic voice, the shadow of his wings, his eyes glowing with grace. But he had never seen all of his might and beauty. He wished he did, somehow, even if it meant burning his eyes out. He must have been a sight, burning with celestial intent, his wings spread. What colour were they? He didn’t even know that. He didn’t even bother to ask him in all these years. And it seems to him that he only met the shadow of the angel. Never truly knowing what the angel had felt for him and just how much he had meant to Dean.
When he woke up the next day, he was confused for a moment and realised he had fallen asleep in Jack’s room. No nightmares this night.
“You…you heard me?” Dean had stopped his motions and was panting.
“You’ve de-decided what? Dean…how do you think you’ll do it?” Sam said, clearly refraining on other things to say. ”J-Jack can’t even do it!” He stammered. “And he’s been trying for weeks, Dean.” He continued “The Empty is completely shut off, even
“Hi Dean.” Jack answered, gently patting Dean’s back. “I was in Heaven of course.”
“Cas…” he groaned “Cas, now.”
“Alright. Okay, I won’t.” He finally conceded. “But we need to save her, if Jack doesn’t get here on time…” He looked back at the infirmary and at Sam “
I don’t want to just
“I-I-Yes I did.” Dean closed his eyes “But I didn’t look, I swear.”
“That I can’t reach anyone Dean! Not Jack, not anyone! Not even the angels!” Castiel closed his eyes, trying to listen again.
“Dean I…” he whispered back, out of breath. His human body was always taking over when he was intimate with Dean, he found that very disturbing. “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Yeah, I know.” Sam cut him. “You never listen.” he shook his head.
Castiel sighed, sitting on the other side of the bed. Hands on his legs. “Maybe nothing will happen, maybe the Empty won’t find me.”
“What time is it?” he mumbled.
Enjoy and thank you for reading !
“I could if I were human.”
“Family don’t end in blood!” everyone repeated, and all took a sip from their beers. All revelling in the fact that yes, family didn’t end with blood. Rejoicing about their incredibly weird family, but their chosen family nonetheless. The dinner lasted for an hour, after that, some kept working and some others went for walks or showers. Dean stayed to clean up pizza boxes and empty bottles with Sam and Bobby.
“Morning.” Sam said when entering, and after a pause “Happy birthday, Dean.”
“Mhmph” Dean answered, clearly not awake yet. Sam smiled a little. Dean took delight in the warmth of the beverage, waking him up little by little. Sam was done with his eggs and toasts, he put a plate in front of Dean and got one himself. Sam finally sat down, handing Dean a cup of coffee and drinking one himself. He said nothing more, he didn’t want to talk about last night first, or at all. If they were to talk about it, Dean needed to make the first step. Sam did not need to acknowledge it happened; he just needed his brother to be with him. So, they ate in silence, it was broken only by sounds of toasts crunching and forks clinking. Finally, as they were both almost done with their eggs, Dean uttered his first words of the day.
“No! No, I didn’t. Now that you called me, I think it’s going to be alright. I can hear angels again.” He said closing his eyes.
“Dean. I know when you’re hiding something.” He came closer to him, making Dean go red. “You’re blushing.” And Dean’s cheeks reddened even more, bringing out his freckles. Castiel came closer to him, very close. “What are you hiding?” He whispered, looking into his green eyes. Dean couldn’t resist.
“Can’t you…read his mind or something?” He wanted to reach out and take Cas’ hand, he wanted to tell him he loved him. He wanted to hear his voice.
“Thanks.” Sam said before reciting an incantation in Latin. Dean and Kaia came closer as he kept repeating it, a bit louder with every sentence. Sam threw some dried leaves of deadly nightshade into the copper bowl, making smoke erupt from it. At first, it seemed the dungeon was filled with smoke and they couldn’t even see themselves in the fog. Then suddenly, the fog disappeared and Rowena was standing inside the devil’s trap, majestic with a dark long dress and luxurious red hair, cascading down her back. Of course, the devil’s trap was just decoration for her. Useless against her powers.
“Yeah, come in.”
“It’s good right? The spell talks about splitting dimensions and crossing the ‘void’!” she added, hopeful. “Well, it’s one translation anyway, the other could be-“
Jack was next to him, hovering his hands above the angel, frowning and mumbling to himself. He stopped to look at Dean.
“Ya ‘betcha.” Donna said somewhere. “I had to take some days off anyway.”
from Led Zeppelin started playing. He sipped his coffee, listening.
“Have fun.” Bobby said, relaxing in his chair.
He sighed, brushing her hair off her face. Her hand twitched in his. He looked back at her face, she was frowning, her eyelids closed in pain. She opened her eyes but she immediately panicked and hyperventilated, moving her eyes in every direction, opening and closing them, trying to see, trying to get up, refraining a scream of pain as she grabbed her stomach.
“Dean…” Cas whispered. “I don’t know how to…do this.” His voice was shaking.
“I have nowhere to fly to.” Castiel smiled, “I’ll talk to Dean about the warding.”
“I stopped the bleeding when I flew them here” Castiel said to Dean outside the infirmary “But her eyes…”
“Please, Sammy” Dean was deadbeat, exhausted. “I can rest there.”
He continued walking, leaving them behind dumbfounded. Of course, he was scared and being here without Cas would be agonizing but at least in Heaven he would be safe. He tried to remember what Cas had told him earlier.
Dean tilted his head, his eyes emotionally-charged. “I can’t say I’m not scared…But if this is what you want…I’ll be glad to watch you grow old and wrinkly with me.” He smiled softly.
“Cas…” Dean said in a raspy voice, his head against the angel’s. He ached for more contact, he ached to touch him, everywhere.
She smiled a little “Ah yes,
Dean had fallen asleep in spite of himself, head resting on a book in the library. He snored lightly as Cas looked at him, worried.
“I can choose what I smell like. And I love bees and the honey they produce.”
“Where is he? He should be here by now!” Dean looked at his watch, the sun was almost gone and the full moon was going to appear any minute now. They needed to perform the spell at the first rays of the full moon.
He stayed like this for a moment, gazing at the skies turning into hues of yellow, warm orange and pink. He thanked Jack silently for this moment of peace. If only Ca…
“I think we had a…mishap in Heaven. Everything was locked up, no way of getting in or out. Time kind of stopped and…”
After pre-heating the oven, he watched the rest of the video and did some personal research on the computer to wait on the dough to be ready. Computers were still distrustful for him but he had to admit, they sometimes were a treasure trove of information. After an hour, he rolled the dough thin enough with a rolling pin. He thought he was quite good at cooking actually; Dean would be impressed.
Dean smiled at the nickname and put back the letter neatly in the box, hugging it. He smiled. Happy for the first time in months. He had found a part of Castiel. Jack was back. He was going to break him out. He had found a way. Finally, he had found a way.
“Sam said you needed help. So, we got as many people as we could here, the rest will join us by videocall when they can.” She stated, as if it was something that had been
“I can’t help it, you’re delicious.”
“Sam? What are you doing here? I thought you were with Eil…” he was cut short by… Eileen, waving at him. And Bobby. Charlie and her girlfriend Stevie. Jody. Claire. Kaia. Donna. Jules. And others he didn’t even recognize, hunters surely.
“But I won’t be able to use all the extent of my grace yet.” Castiel said matter-of-factly.
“Och, I’m shocked Samuel. Not even a worry about how I have been, what I’ve been up to, my heart is broken.” She clapped her hand and a
“How did you know? About you and Stevie?”
“When we’re like this…it’s hard to focus.” Cas whispered “You’re important too.” Dean could see Cas’ eyes glowing ever so lightly, his grace seeping out of him uncontrollably.
“Yeah? That’s great. I’ll take a look” He said, sitting down and sipping his coffee. He grabbed the book on top.
Dean didn’t know what to do or what to say, he thought he would be the one calling the shots but it turned out Castiel was very good at that. He nodded slowly, swallowing the lump in his throat. Damn, he felt like a schoolgirl on prom night, what had the angel done to him? Cas had grabbed him tight and suddenly they were in his bedroom. He had flied there with Dean.
Of all the issues raised with becoming human, Castiel had not thought that Dean would be afraid for his life first. For Castiel, he was more in danger facing the Empty as an angel than as a human facing life and its potential threats.
Dean opened his mouth, taken aback. “Amara? You can talk to her?”
“Claire? What’re you doing here?” He still had red eyes and didn’t want her to see him like this. He did his best to hide it.
“Er…alright.” Dean answered, slightly amused. “Will you stay close to me then?” Dean reached for Cas’ hand, stroking his thumb on it.
“Eileen too. I don’t know…” Dean eyes were red from the lack of sleep “How’s he?”
As time passed, he thought about Cas, in his bed beside him, his blue eyes watching him. Cas, touching him. Him touching Cas. He couldn’t believe it. He was scared something awful would happen and that his newfound happiness would slip away from him, as it so often did. Still, he was grateful for his angel who always seemed to find the words or the touch to settle his heart. At least, if everything stayed the same and Cas didn’t use his grace too much, the angel would be safe. Forever. It comforted Dean to think like that, the certainty of it appeased his mind. Castiel was safe.
“I don’t know what it is.” Jack said, holding the long box in his hands. It was covered in symbols. A work of art. “But he was adamant about it. Only y
“We’re here now.” Castiel held him tight in his embrace. “And I never thought my time with you was wasted.”
“With heaven?”
“No, wait Rowena! I have to tell Anja you’ll appear or else she’ll freak out.” He got his phone out if his pocket and dialled a foreign number, leaving the room to get better reception.
“Was is it girl?” Dean asked her calmly, reaching for his gun he had kept on the table next to him. He heard a noise. The bunker’s door opening. Voices, many of them. He aimed at the door.
Jack felt something else inside him. Amara. She wanted to help him.
“I already was, in a way.” Castiel smiled.
“Rowena’s cracked it.” Sam said to him “And I think it’s pretty big.” Dean was already getting up, ready to go back to work. All fatigue vanishing from his body, only purpose left.
Eileen frowned and shook her head repeatedly, signifying no. She reached in the air, moving her hand in the general direction of Cas. He grabbed her hand.
“Well, that’s great! I mean… if it can get him out of the room and out of the bunker, I’ll take it!” Dean smiled “We’ll figure something else later!” He stood up and clasped Jack’s shoulder “Thank you, kid.” He paused, hesitantly “And thank Amara for me, will you?”
Dean closed his eyes, sighing “No Cas, I’m not sure. I’m scared. It’s scaring the hell out of me!”
Just how much blood did they need to perform this damn spell?
“Morning Cas.” He said dozily, tightening his arms around the angel, his head turning towards his face.
“Cas…” Dean whispered. His eyes grazed over the angel’s face, taking it all in.
nail, pretty lethal….” He chuckled and gestured towards it. “Anyway, let’s wrap up and burn those vamps”. Sam just stared at his brother, weirdly confused by his show of emotions for a vampires’ nest hunt. He shrugged it off and helped his brother, first things first, getting this blood-sucker out of this nail.
“My looks! Just who do you think I am?” Dean said falsely shocked, laughter in his voice. And Cas couldn’t help but smile back.
“All of me?” Cas breathed out, his vessel was getting the better of him, again. He gulped, looking at Dean’s eyes and lips.
“Thank you dear, we must get the jars now.” Rowena had spoken very clearly so that Eileen understood her easily. She nodded her head and went to tap Dean on the shoulder.
“Yes. I will make you human when you wish to.”
“It’s me.” he reached for his hand but Castiel recoiled in the bed, sending the burning ache back to Dean’s chest. He looked like he got punched in the gut. “Cas, it’s me. Don’t you recognise me?” He said, in a hurt and ushered voice, eyes watering.
“Then show me. Sam’s got work to do here, I’ll take a look in the meantime.” He said, picking up a folding chair and unfolding it to sit next to Kaia.
“Ask me that after.” he answered and resumed his pacing.
“Sure! Red’s for promising leads, but hard to accomplish. Orange’s for leads that we feel could be coupled with other spells or ingredients. Green’s for leads on other spells that are just mentioned but not explained.” Donna was pretty proud of herself, when seeing Dean’s smile.
Castiel had gifted him one of his feathers.
“It’s my turn to take care of you.” He smiled.
“Hmm… yes more or less.”
“Yeah it is” Dean answered, still denying what was in front of him. “Cause the last I heard…you…you’re in heaven’s lockup” He continued, taking a step forward.
“It’s
Cas’ hand reached lower, he was still looking at Dean, analysing his reactions. He moved Dean’s legs up, close to his chest. His finger entered his hole gently, making Dean gasp. He tightened his grip on Castiel, looking in his eyes. The angel went back and forth, smiling at him and at the sounds he was letting slip out of him.
“Jack…” he whispered. He got up and ran to him, hugging him tight. “Where have you been?!” squeezing him even harder.
“What?” Jack was confused.
“HE’S MINE! MINE! YOU ARE NOT TAKING HIM WITH YOU!“
“What is this?” Dean asks, truly shocked, putting his gun back on the table, hugging people and shaking hands at random. Sam was looking at his brother, a smirk on his face. Eileen was smiling next to him. She came closer to Dean, facing him.
“I never answered. And you were wrong Cas.” He said, holding Cas’ hand in his. The angel tilted his head slowly, like he always did.
“Forever. Stay with me forever.” Dean added. “Or else I don’t know what I’ll do.” He shook his head “I don’t….” Cas kissed him, holding him close.
He kissed him, gently biting his lips. He kissed his jaw, licked his ear lobe, caressed his neck with the soft warmth of his breath. Dean kissed him back, pushing his body forward, wanting to roll over the angel. Feel his hardness against his. Castiel pushed him back in place against the mattress with ease.
“He means, I can’t reach Heaven. At all. No angels, no one.” Castiel specified to Sam’s shock.
perfect” he said, thinking of his brother.
Dean’s eyes moved under his eyelids, he inhaled sharply and woke up, yawning. He stretched his arms in the air. He looked at Cas with one eye closed, still half-asleep.
Alive.
Dean nodded. Almost time for him to die. Almost time to save Cas. Jack and Eileen were at Rowena’s side, chanting with her. He must have drifted off for some time.
What, really, Aretha? Dean thought.
“Yeah? Well, you should. He knows you better than anyone here. He knows
The angel’s pupils were dilatated from pleasure “I thought my heart was going to burst.” He breathed, caressing Dean’s face. Dean kissed him; he didn’t want to let the angel go. “I’m not going anywhere, Dean.” he whispered, stroking his hair.
Dean started to get up almost immediately, restless. He got off his chair and drank the rest of his beer. He put the empty glass bottle into the sink and turned around to get another one from the fridge. He opened the door and paused, the door blocking Sam’s view. That did not stop him talking.
obvious?” He shook his head, what the hell? Everyone thought it was so clear, the feelings between Cas and him. Why didn’t he see them before then? He was confused. How could he have been so blind for so long?
“I know you are. I can sense it, actually.” Jack stated.
Here it was again. Stupid things like that. Perfect words. Dean would have considered them cheesy or ridiculous before…not anymore. And it couldn’t be awkward, not with Cas anyway. He couldn’t get enough of Castiel’s weird revelations about him, what he was thinking about in his beautiful angel’s mind. Dean’s face turned towards Castiel chest, resting it against him. He smelled the angel, mint and…honey?
“But the Empty, are you sure…”
“I know. I know.”
“Hi Sam, it’s alright. I was translating another book. I needed the break honestly!” She laughed. “What is troubling you?”
“But, why can’t I do that?” Dean gestured at the chess board.
The hours passed and the last hunters collected their stuff and left the bunker, saying goodbye and promising to stay in touch if they discovered something interesting. Dean perused the books and got some leads, spells that could very well work if combined… all more dangerous than the next. But each and everyone giving him hope and warming his heart. Sam went around the bunker to pick up some books and check on Rowena. Eileen was quite amused by their relationship and teased him about it all afternoon, making Sam roll his eyes.
“Should?” Dean’s eyes questioned him.
Dean smiled against Cas’ neck. “Did you like it?”
“Well, if I get the warding, I can go out, and we can…” Cas eyes darted away, he seemed almost embarrassed.
. Repeating the words in his head like a mantra. To avoid thinking about anything else. If he were not careful, the words would echo in his head, out of the blue.
“I…what?” Dean squinted his eyes, but as much as he tried, he couldn’t remember anything past when he caught Castiel in his arms. “What?”
“That’s because you’re missing a piece of yourself.”
“Cas you. don’t. age.” He accentuated every word.
“I’ll…I’ll try Sammy.” He said, slowly calming down. Getting up and leaving the kitchen after giving one last tight hug to his brother, and leaving to his room.
Castiel came closer, resting a hand on the hunter’s arm. “I’m scared too.”
Dean had been gone for some time now and Castiel was getting worried. He went out to walk and clear his mind in the middle of the night, without even telling where he was going.
Castiel looked at Jack, “Very much so. Erm…This is why I wanted to talk to you.”
And Dean looked again. Really looked. And then it hit him. He was
“Hello Sam.” He waved at him and went to stand next to Eileen. She had been taken by surprise too and was searching for Sam’s hand.
“But…I could. If you want me to, I could.”
“You promise?”
Dean laughed and plugged in the other machine, filling it with water and ground coffee.
“The void…yeah. the void… It could mean the Empty.” Dean exhaled. “It’s a damn good lead if I’ve ever seen one!” He looked at the girls. “sorry I didn’t come sooner.”
Dean looked down, sighing, thinking. “Okay, I’ve got one question.” he said after a moment.
“Cas…yes I feel the same. You’re just…perfect with words.” Dean extended his hand, grazing Cas’ rebellious hair. “I’m not great with words, but I can tell you kissing you is…the best feeling in the world.”
“Why did you look at me when you were talking about how much Cas means to us?” he asked her.
“I’ll try Jack again.” Castiel said as the hunter left to go in the kitchen.
“I’ve got nothing.” Dean finally said after a minute.
She pounded the last word on Cas’ palm.
“Really? So…you don’t even know what’s inside?” Sam asked, a glint in his eyes. He loved a good mystery.
“It’ okay, Dean.” Sam finally said. “It’s okay.” He chanced a look at his brother, holding his face. “You can stop, I will let you. But you have to promise me something, you have to promise me you will grieve. And that you will talk to me.” Dean looked at his baby brother, feeling really rock-bottom crying on the kitchen floor in his brother’s arms.
“I don’t know man, what if it gets lost? Or damaged?” he answered, worried to see a chance to bring the angel disappeared so stupidly.
“Okay. How do we do it?”
“Okay, okay! I’m leaving oh my god, I’m leaving!” Sam said in a chuckle.
“Well, it’s certainly old.” Dean took a closer look inside, Enochian, Hebrew and numerous Arabic dialects. “Claire… I can’t read that.”
Unexpected. Sweet and bitter at the same time. Heart breaking. Gut wrenching. An aching pain in his chest that even whisky couldn’t dull away. In these moments, he did everything he could to hide the pain. He thought he did a good job at that, but Sam could notice those moments. He would look over his computer to his brother, staring for a few seconds, pinching his lips. He would go back to work almost immediately without Dean knowing. Sam was determined to find a way to bring Cas back and alleviate his brother’s pain.
“He’s with her.” Cas answered, narrowing his eyes “They’re one and the same.”
Castiel washed the apples and started cutting them just like in the video, removing the seeds too. He put them in lemon juice and tossed them in flour and cinnamon.
“I would give everything. Everything to live a long and happy human life, with you.”
“Well, the kid can’t do it by himself obviously.” Dean answered to Castiel’s surprise. “And what if something like that happens again and we can’t reach him?”
“I’m sorry. I should have said something. I shouldn’t have let you die like that. I should have gone with you, I’m sorry I didn’t fight…” Dean blurted out, tears forming in his eyes. He was not going to fight them this time.
“It’s okay if you did…It’s not a secret.” Castiel’ breath was on his neck, making him feel all cottony. “I want to please you any way I can.”
C A S
Dean entered with Cas and they both paused when they realised Eileen was awake. Sam smiled weakly; Eileen seemed to have sense something changing in the room. She turned her head around, tapping her hand on Sam. He turned her palm over and started tracing lines in it, slowly.
“I promise.” Cas kissed him, tasting the salt of Dean’s tears on his cheeks. “Dean?” he asked after a moment.
“You know she’s just going to, eventually, answer phone calls? It’s alright, really.”
“I don’t care, I need to see him.” Dean let go of Sam’s hand and began running towards the guest room. Keeping himself up by leaning on the walls. The spell really made a number on him. But he was strong, he could keep up. For
“Me neither.” Sam shook his head. Having to agree with his brother. And even after trying some other settings, he still ended up with nothing. It was simply not any kind of language he had ever seen before, and it seems that the software had not either.
“Forever.” Castiel answered, looking longingly at the human.
He had not said
“Well… the deal was that the Empty would ta-take him when he would experience a mo-moment of true happiness.” Dean was fiddling with his fingers, having difficulties getting the words out. But he forced himself anyway. “I didn’t understand Sam… I didn’t understand what was happening. I didn’t see it coming.” He was shaking his head, his eyebrows bound in pain, the aching feeling made a kicking return to his chest. “He said, that happiness wasn’t in the ha-having but in the being. That I-I-I changed him. I-I-I ma-made him care for y-you, for Jack, for th-the wo-orld.” Dean was aching all over, his throat was getting tighter as he kept talking… tears threatening to appear once again. He breathed deeply. Sam was in front of him, listening. “He told me he loved me Sam. He told me he loved me, and I didn’t say it back.” Dean was drained of his lifeforce, like a puppet without ropes to hold him, he sat down in the nearest chair. Whispering, head in his hands “I didn’t say it back…  I didn’t say anything. And the Empty took him”. Sam sat beside him, processing the news.
His hands slid along Cas’ body, gently tugging at his shirt and slithering a hand underneath. The angel’s skin was so warm against his fingers that Cas emitted a small noise, spurring Dean on. He turned the angel around, facing him. His hands were on his skin, stroking his stomach, his waist, his back, devouring him. Dean looked at Cas with hungry eyes.
“I know.” He looked back at him. Castiel nodded and started chanting in Enochian, tracing one hand on a copper bowl filled with crushed plants and bones, and holding the amulet in the other. As he stopped, he turned his head towards Dean and the human poured the oil in the bowl causing it to eject smoke and sparks.
“Erm…It’s in a box somewhere in my room, why?”
“Dean? What is it, is everything alright?” Cas jerked, instantly alert.
An hour and a half later, Jules and Spencer were back with plenty of pizzas to feed an army and enough beers to drench anyone’s thirst for the evening. Everyone gathered in the war room, around the world map table, and some other small tables brought for the occasion. They were cheers, toasts, laughs and sighs. A very tiring day, but a great one. An efficient one. Everyone felt a sense of belonging and being part of something greater than themselves. Dean looked around the room, taking it all in.
“That you would be hungry for more.” Cas kissed him back, opening his mouth to welcome Dean’s tongue.
“We should do something tonight, to…celebrate.” He said trading lightly. Dean looked at him.
“Amara? Where’s Jack?” Dean asked, wide-eyed.
Dean looked at Charlie, perplexed. She might have picked up on his “resting eyes” more than he thought. “Nah, I’m good.”
“But it didn’t work the first time with Chuck…”
“Dean. You know why.” Sam looked at him this time. “It’s because of Cas.”
“Well, yeah. But the thing is…it’s supposed to appear in the spring, not winter.” Dean shook his head “I don’t know…maybe they got it wrong.”
“Shhh…I know. It’s okay now, I’m here.” Castiel moved his hand in his hair, his head resting on Dean’s shoulder. “It’s okay.”
“What about you?”
“Me neither. And you’re not.” Sam continued “How do you think she’ll feel when she discovers you sacrificed yourself,
“Dean?”
“I don’t know. Nothing is…wrong with him.” Jack answered, tilting his head. “I checked, he’s … alright. I replenished his grace, I healed him…I can’t do anything more.” He shook his head. “It’s like he’s
“You have to stay here. That’s what you told me.” Jack answered.
“Miracle girl! C’mon girl! Time for your bath!”
“No.” Dean said, leaving the kitchen. Sam sighed, shoulders down and defeated. He didn’t know how to reach his brother anymore.
“Yes, only you. Those were his words.” Jack continued “I thought…since it’s your birthday, I could give it to you now. And… you deserve something of him too.” He gave the box to Dean who stared at it for a moment, mouth agape.
“Jack…this is embarrassing.”
His thoughts had settled for now, and he got out of the Impala to watch the sunset. He was near a beautiful lake, it looked like one of those places out of postcards. He sat on a bench near the glistening water. It was beautiful. He stopped to take it all in. He realised he had missed the simple, beautiful things on Earth, stuff like the sun setting in golden rays on a beautiful lake.
“What are you saying?”
The road back to the bunker was pretty quiet, apart from the rock songs blaring out of the Impala’s speakers. Once in the bunker’s garage, Sam went out of the car, and looked at Dean, who was still sitting behind the wheel.
“WHAT DO YOU THINK YOU’RE DOING BOY?”
“You’re here now. It’s okay. I know you did it to save me.” He brushed one of his tears away.
“Of course. I would love you in any form Dean.” Castiel shrugged as it was so obvious for him.
“I don’t need anything Dean. I am at peace now. That’s alri…” Cas had begun to say but Dean cut him.
“I think your words are perfect.” Cas whispered slowly, his hand on Dean’s leg. Dean’s eyes went from his hand to his mouth, his hand again. Just the touch of his hand on his jeans and he felt like that. He couldn’t handle it. He reached for his face and kissed him. He was feeling better today, maybe today they would do…more? Castiel kissed him back, opening his mouth and tasting him, his hand getting tighter and higher around Dean’s leg. Dean moved from Cas’s mouth to his cheek, kissing him tenderly, leaving a trail of kisses down to his neck. Cas moaned when Dean kissed him there. When Dean had discovered how much it aroused him earlier in the week, he had to control himself not to go any further, if it got too far Cas would stop kissing him pretending it wasn’t good for his health. The sounds escaping from the angel’s mouth had been so mesmerizing... He didn’t want to rush him, he wanted to take his time, enjoy every second.
After Sam’s departure and being finally done with the chores in the kitchen, Dean went outside to walk Miracle around and play with her. He loved this time, he felt like he could think and actually rest his mind. Miracle loved it also of course and was always overjoyed while playing outside with him. She loved running around and often brought back a variety of wooden sticks, little trophies awarded for a good walk. “Good girl.” Dean always said to her, patting her just underneath the jaw.
. They’re halfway, then too the bottom of Dean’s shirt and
Neither of them will mention the night they spent in the Impala. Dean will carefully clean the seats and wipe the fingerprints off the windows, wiping away any trace of the sacrilege neither of them will have the courage to confront each other about. Castiel will come up with a fake story of what happened with Chastity when Sam teases him about his night. They will bury the hours spent memorizing the feeling of being pressed against one another, the soft kisses, and gentle whispers deep down in their souls under the weight of the belief that neither can have what the other wants.
Dean takes that as the ‘okay, go,’ and gets to work. He mouths at the fabric, teeth grazing down the enclosed length, trying his best not to laugh when Castiel moans. His hands slip up to Cas’ ass, giving a firm squeeze before tucking his fingers under the waistband and pulling them down until Castiel, angel of the (former) lord is ass naked in front of him. Cas’ cock springs upward, finally free from confinement, and Dean gulps because he’s ten seconds away from his first blowjob and he’ll be the first to admit, he’s a little scared. He returns to Cas’ hip, nose brushing against soft brown curls, this time leaving small bite marks across them as he slowly drags one hand up Cas’ thigh to the base of his cock, and loosely grips it. Dean nearly loses it when Cas bucks against his hand. Using his free hand to steady himself against Cas’ thigh, he starts moving. It’s torturously slow at first and Cas is desperate for more, but Dean has the reins and won’t let him rush. He swipes a bead of precome from the slit, using it to tease just under his head. Cas’ thighs twitch, and Dean wants to laugh but that would mean taking his mouth away from Cas’ skin, and that’s the last thing he wants to do right now.
In one move, Castiel has scooped Dean in his arms and carries him to the bed. Now,
getting to kiss Castiel. All the times he should have but never did, every missed moment and self-shaming because he wasn’t allowed to want something like this… the wait was worth it. He’d wait another twelve years to feel like this again because damn is this one for the books. It takes every bit of his will power not to shred Castiel’s clothes off him and run across his body. Instead, he steels himself, cupping one hand behind Cas’ head, furrowing through dark brown hair, while the other traces down his neck.
He’s whimpering and whispering Enochian because he can’t form any words in English that could describe the sensation of Dean sucking his dick, and while Dean can’t translate it off the top of his head, the meaning is conveyed in the way Castiel sounds like pure need. Everything about him and this moment is intoxicating, and Dean never wants to be drunk on anything else again. Who needs whiskey when you have an angel to love? His own member is painfully hard against his jeans, but he can’t stop to think about himself because Cas’ breathing is getting faster and faster, and Dean wants to be the first in his long-lived life to make him come. “Dean… pl- oh dear God please don’t stop Dean please don’tstoppleasedon’tstopDea—” When he feels Cas’ thighs begin to shake again, he sinks down as far as he can, ignoring the need to breathe and the reflex to gag.
Dean, still seeing stars, reaches for a box under the seat and digs out a bottle from the contents. “Always prepared,” he shrugs. Granted, it’s never been this situation before, but “desperately fucking an angel in the Impala” wasn’t on his yearly bingo card. Taking Castiel’s hand in his, he flips the top and coats Cas’ fingers in a generous amount of lube.
His breath stops. It’s already nearly all too much. Attraction like this wasn’t something Castiel often felt inclined to, let alone to act on. No one had, for lack of a better term, “revved his engines” in the way Dean could. Too many times Dean had stirred certain emotions and feelings within him that he simply buried. At first it was because angels weren’t meant to. Then it was because an angel and a human would be preposterous. Then it was because he valued Dean’s friendship too much. There was always some reason, something he found to justify never acknowledging the fact that Dean made him feel things he never thought possible.
Ducking into the car, Dean closes the door and relaxes back into the driver’s seat. “So, uh… want to try again? Maybe not psychologically scar her this time?” he jokes, laughing once again.
, Castiel used to think. Now, he looks at Dean Winchester and sees the strength and resilience of humanity. Dean’s scars are rougher, and more numerous than Castiel’s. He can feel which ribs have been broken one too many times to have healed smoothly back together. Dean, always taking care of him, taking hits for him when he knows that Cas could just heal himself later. Dean, not afraid to jump into a fight because he never thought he was worth as much as the person he was saving. Maybe one day he could forgive himself for the times he could protect Dean, for the prayers left unanswered that could have been one less beating Dean took. He doesn’t know if he’ll ever be able to make up for the times he failed him, but what he does know is that right now, Dean is solid against his pants and Castiel is just as desperate to see what Dean looks like when he’s come undone as Dean was to see Cas the same way.
It’s only one step forward, but it feels like the biggest step Castiel has ever taken. “Dean,” he says, voice cracking, “I’m here.”
Castiel’s back thuds as Dean pushes him back against the passenger door, attacking his neck with a fervor. Purple and red marks color Cas’ neck as Dean works his way around it. He bites the tender spots along his collarbone and under his chin, pressing hard kisses against the angry skin before moving to an unclaimed section of skin. As he works, strong hands grip Dean’s hips and lift him onto Cas’ lap. Dean straddles his thigh and tries his best not to moan against him when he feels something press against his knee. He knows damn well what that is, and it’s not Cas’ angel blade.
is what he was afraid of feeling? This pure joy? His breath stops again when Dean kisses his clothed cock, and fights the urge to tighten his grip on the hair in his hands.
“Are you okay?” Cas asks, and Dean realizes he’s lost in thought.
Castiel looks pensive. He stares out the window to the alleyway ahead, thinking to himself for a moment before responding. “I was thinking the experience might be more enjoyable with a partner I had already established a strong friendship with. That would allow me to have already developed adequate social skills to make the experience less “psychologically scarring,” as you say,” he says. Cas holds up his air quotes, but continues to look straight ahead. If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say he saw Castiel blushing in the dim yellow glow of broken alleyway lights .
is a look: dishevelled hair, lust blown eyes, lips pink and swollen. He sits down next to Dean, gesturing to his shirt. “Is this okay?” he asks. Dean nods and helps Cas pull the t-shirt over his head. It’s not often Cas has seen Dean without a shirt. The man slept in shirts and wore three layers on a warm day, so the opportunity never exactly presented itself. The only time he’d properly gotten a look was when he rebuit Dean’s body the day he pulled him from hell.
It happens at the speed of sound and slow motion all at once, somehow, but Castiel has his angelic fucking hand wrapped around his fucking human dick and it takes every fiber of concentration and willpower to not come right then and there. One hand slips over Dean’s cock while the other keeps a tight grip on his ass. He buries his head in the crook of Cas’ neck, panting heavy against tousled hair, back arched towards the roof.
His body twists and shudders as Castiel keeps stroking his cock, telling him how beautiful he looks and how good he is. Brain numb from the overwhelming sensation, Dean can do nothing except moan against Cas’ chest and fuck into his hand as he rides his orgasm. Finally Cas pulls away and cleans off his hand before turning Dean on his side and cuddling up behind him.
Soft nips and kisses trail down Cas’ neck. The angel smells like earth and whiskey and sweat, and Dean is lost in it. From the sounds escaping from Cas’s mouth to the way Cas’ hands wrap around his torso, there is nothing in the world he can think of that could break this spell. Except  for maybe the momentary realization that Dean has never done this before, and Cas has probably never done this before.
“i…” Dean starts, “I’m so glad you’re back, Cas.” Dean had lost Castiel before. He had wrapped Cas’ body and burned it before. He’d screamed and prayed and shattered his hand over Cas before. But this last time? He was sure it was the end. This time, he went numb. He drank until Sam had to start limiting his drinks. He stayed in bed sixteen hours a day. Sam had to fight to get him to eat. This time, he felt more than empty. His heart had turned into a black hole, vacuuming anything that tried to bring him some sort of relief from the devastation. Cas
There’s pain in his voice and Dean despises it. He grabs Cas’s wrist and pulls him back to the grass, almost making him tumble straight into his lap. “You’re not getting rid of me that easy. I’m taking you with me when I escape, remember? I’d rather have you, cured or not.”
He twists around to sit next to Cas, their shoulders bumping. “No. I was busy thinking.”
It’s late enough into the evening that Castiel is certain none of Marv’s neighbours will notice them. It takes the pizza in Dean’s arms to convince Marv to open the door. The moment it’s open, Castiel steps into view with a syringe full of a paralytic and he wastes no time in sinking it into the first part of Marv that he can reach. Together, they carry him and the pizza back to the trunk of their car, using his keys to lock the door.
Since when was Cas into Marvel? He distinctly remembers Cas snubbing his comic books when they were twelve and calling them ‘juvenile’ and he’s never, not once, mentioned anything about the Avengers franchise filling up the big screens lately. Honestly, it actually makes him feel pretty good that they’ve been friends forever and there’s still things that Cas does that surprise him.
“Just let me finish this report first.”
This one is different from the others. Dean leans out over the edge of the tower wall to get a good look at its face. Two great horns twist out of its hair and back over its head. Its wings are spread wide and the tail twists out behind it, but unlike the others,
There are a variety of ways Dean wants that journal to end. He grabs it from Cas and all but stomps his way to the kitchen to dig around for a pen in one of the drawers. Sam does his university homework in here all the time, so there
Sam is very quiet on the drive to the hospital and he asks that Castiel wait outside the room when they arrive. He finds it a little surprising that Dean doesn’t immediately follow him through the door to make sure that he’s truly okay. Instead, Dean turns to Castiel, floating close enough to give him a tingling, chilled hug. Castiel blames the foreign feel of an otherworldly touch on why his heart flutters during it and he fights not to react in the middle of a busy hospital hallway.
It’s just a one story little square of a building; tiny little living room that barely fits the four piece furniture set in there, itty bitty little kitchen with everything shoved together on one wall and next to no counter space or room for a table. Cas’s dining room is out on the
scribbled across the front. Hopefully that’ll be enough to make him read it all the way through.
“Are you injured?” The Dragon’s voice is deep and pleasant, but Dean still bares his fangs at him. “Where is your flock?”
“Stay here. Someone will take you to Dean shortly.” The words come out in a rush before he runs from the room.
“That makes fifteen in the last two months.” Dean throws the file down on Sam’s desk and rests his hip against the filing cabinet. “What do you say we go check it out?”
“I wouldn't dream of it.” Cas shakes his head with a smile. “He's practically a son to me.”
Dean has been ready for weeks. Cas is a confused about why Dean wants to sleep away from their usual place, but he doesn’t outright question it. The answer comes with a grappling hook and a rope that comes sailing over the wall in the dead of the night. Dean lets Cas go first, that way, Sam will have no choice but to wait until he’s out too.
From where he and Sam are peeking around the edge of the hut to watch the conversation, Dean can see Raphael go still and her eyes grow wide. Any Dragon within earshot stops too, and they stare at Cas with just as much surprise. There's a weird mix of feelings twisting through Dean's chest. He's happy that Cas sees them as family, but there's a sharp sting that accompanies it because Cas sees
Everything that Dean loves about Cas is reflected in these pages as he flips through them. It’s what keeps him reading. That and how the character keeps dropping hints that makes Dean think they’re in love with someone. Except he can’t imagine Cas being in love. He barely shows any kind of interest in anyone and only goes on dates at the insistence of his family – kind of like the diary writer in the book.
If he remembers correctly, the young master had (surprisingly) liked it hard and fast – taking the slow and sweet before or after but not during. Though there was that one night, their last night together, when his hands were gentle and his kisses were sweet. Right now, Cas’s fingers twist in the sheets and his cry is lost to the pillows. He arches and rocks back against Dean, meeting every hard push.
As a ghost, Dean does more for Sam now than he would if he was wrapped up in a hospital bed. Already he’s scouted ahead multiple times whenever Castiel has gone to perform interviews or they’re following a lead to a possible holding location. He’s very good at pointing out possible dangers and Castiel has never felt safer on the job. And Dean is very helpful at eavesdropping on other rooms or when people are whispering too quiet for Castiel to hear.
It is his golden haired sister who is the first to cry out when they get near enough to see. What few Humans who are still awake walk along the castle walls without regard for the smashed stone on the perches around them. Castiel’s breath catches in his throat before a pitched cry tears from his chest, echoing pain and loss out over the sea and matched by the friends who fly at his sides.
about how I think of you. Got it?”
“Is this Hell?” Dean grumbles, bring his right hand up to rub over his face. It doesn’t go far and immediately his left hand is jerked to the side. “What the fuck -?” He tries moving both his hands, but one gets pulled down to whatever he’s lying on whenever he lifts the other one. After a brief moment of experimentation, he finds out that the same goes for his legs. His confusion and panic mingle together and spike through the roof.
“It's
Dean draws his sword and lifts his shield to his shoulder, tightening his grip on the leather strap in his hand. Already the excitement of the hunt is starting to slip through his veins, making his heart beat hard under his armor. If it gets any louder, the dragon will hear him long before he finds it.
, Cas might suspect him.
fantasy!AU, domestic!AU (kinda), creature!Cas
“I just don’t know what to do, guys.” The dejected droop to his shoulders eases after the first bite of pie. “I’ve got a stack of missing person reports on my desk and absolutely no motivation to look for them.”
Confused, Castiel stares down at the face of his once friend, unsure whether to mourn his loss or revel in it. His answer comes when the door flies open and the chief counsellor strides into the room. Castiel can practically smell the scent of his betrayal. He doesn’t need any questions. The smile on the counsellor’s lips holds all the answers. “
and dotting the 'i' with a heart. Dean had definitely contemplated it just because it would've been something that would've made Cas laugh, but he couldn't bring himself to stand in the middle of an airport with it.
Dean isn’t expecting the blue-eyed Gargoyle from to dive off after him. He stretches his wings out and flaps them, boosting his fall and reaching out for Dean. Call him crazy, but Dean would rather go with the monster that looks like it’s trying to save his life than get first hand experience at why gravity is such a bitch. He doesn’t think twice about flailing both hands out, trying desperately to grab the Gargoyle’s hand.
Though he had no intention to ask Cas to stay, Dean is still alarmed by the speed in which he leaves – even more so by the dusting of red in his cheeks. This is the first he’s seen of a dragon
A few nervous giggles echo through the room from the other patrons, and the atmosphere returns to normal rather quickly. Castiel still feels a bitter anger in his chest and he heads for the kitchen, knowing Dean will meet him there soon. Their other waitress, Charlie, is wrapping up the ingredients for tomorrow.
After a while, Dean presses his nose into the hairs at the base of Cas’s skull and takes a deep breath of the scent he’s been craving for a year. “Are you sure you’re ready for this?”
dangerous.
Metatron is awake when they enter the room and Dean immediately breaks into a wide smile, nudging Castiel in the side before he leans over the table. “Good morning, sunshine. Do you remember us?”
“Then stop looking like you enjoy it so much.” Castiel frowns at the side of Dean’s head. He knows it’s a lot to ask, especially of Dean, but he feels that if he doesn’t keep reminding him then it’s entirely possible that Dean will revert back to his old ways.
“It's never been a goal of mine. But I wouldn't oppose it –” He looks back at Dean, his eyes and smile warm. “As long as they were the right creature.”
Cas has had a long time to build his horde, but nothing in it is more precious to Dean than the Dragon reclining in a pile of silk pillows and blankets. He has a tome in hand now, propped open against a knee when Dean ducks around one of the sheets of cloth that cover the entrance.
when he’s irritated and oddly happy all at the same time. “Yeah, well, I write on the side too, don’t’cha know?”
are you two doing here?”
If Sam ever tells anyone how Dean actually wrapped both arms around the shoulders of a Gargoyle as it cradled him to its chest, he’ll probably end up in the loony bin. Both of them would because Dean’s reaction would corroborate that he’s just as batshit crazy as his brother. He buries his face against the Gargoyle’s neck and clings to him for dear life, hating the jerking pull of gravity that threatens to dislodge him when the wings snap out and they glide out of the fall. It’s not until they’re both standing on solid ground that Dean even
“My first flirtation was when I brought you that glass statue etched with gold.” He lets his hand drop from Cas’s horn, fingers sliding over his wrist. “Have they been working?”
Dean shakes his head and winces. “No. Are you a cop? You’re not dressed like a doctor. Not even like Dr. Sexy and he breaks
“I like it better when you’re here.” Her eyes light up and she hugs the toy happily. “Thank you!”
The mark has done Dean a great service. Few of the dragons he has been hired to slay are truly good like Cas, but Dean’s shoulders feel lighter without the weight of knowing that he risks taking innocent lives again.
His red-haired sister touches his shoulder. “I would suggest that you listen to her, Castiel. Fey do not make their decisions lightly.”
Now their focus is to revive the clan and protect what little land they can call their own. Even though it is an important task to replenish their clan, Castiel has no interest or desire to mate with any of his surviving friends. He leaves that task to them, choosing instead to keep guard. This time, Castiel will not fail in protecting them.
“Spread your arms and flex your fingers until the membrane between them is tight.” Cas instructs, his big head dipped to look Sam in the eye.
of waiting to see him again.
: Dean Winchester, Castiel, Sam Winchester, Raphael (briefly)
Dean checks all the corners of the elevator for a camera before he steps forward to wrap Cas in a hug and drop a kiss to the back of his head. “Yeah, but you love me for it.”
Cas ducks his head but crawls forward across the wagon until he can tuck himself against Dean’s side. He seeks out Dean’s hand under the blankets covering them both and squeezes it tightly. This is something he might have to talk to Sam about later, but for now, Dean is happy. He has Cas, he has Sam, and he has his freedom.
“I would rather take the stairs.” Cas doesn't meet Dean's eyes while he tries pulling his arm free. “For the exercise.”
They are not alone when they wake. Castiel roars, his piercing cry threatening to bring the cave down around their ears as he turns on the figure standing at the entrance of their cave. The smell of the Fey wafts around them like a perfume but it does little to ease Castiel’s ire. Dark eyes watch him from under a hooded cowl.
Cas takes a deep breath, like it's the first he's had since Dean started talking. His voice sounds all soft and quiet when he speaks. “I didn't make you do anything.”
I have.” Dean's stomach flips thinking about that too. It gets all squishy and he's on the verge of burping butterflies or something. “And Cas – Cas wouldn't do that. He's – Sam, he's a
well made if the wendigo hadn’t gotten the drop on him. One minute Dean’s shining his flash light down a supposedly abandoned mine shaft and the next he’s having a sudden, yet intimate, meeting with the wall. At least he manages to fire the flare gun. It’s only one shot and he wastes it, missing by a mile. The only good it does is give Dean a
, Dean.” He hisses, glancing up and down the pathway to make sure no one is coming. “Do you know how hard it was to find you? I left you alone for
“I did, thank you. Depending on this meeting with the council, we may very well be leaving the castle tonight.”
With a disappointed sigh, the male turns away and mutters under his breath. “You should have been a Frost Dragon, Castiel.”
“What?” Dean looks up at him, a line pinched between his eyebrows. “No way, Cas. You pick ‘em, I kill ‘em. That’s how we do it.”
“Cas?” Dean crouches to be on the same level as him. “What's wrong?”
Something shutters behind Cas’s eyes. In a split second, something Dean isn’t supposed to see is hidden from him. He frowns and tugs at the folds of cloth that hang around Cas’s waist. “Tell me, Cas. Don’t you want to be cured?”
what you’re taking away from this?”
. “What do you mean, Sammy? Isn’t it kind of your job to look into that stuff?”
Gargoyles!AU, creature!Cas
The problem? Dean is exhausted and there’s the very real chance that he might fall asleep in the middle of the movie and Cas will take that as some huge insult to his tastes. He didn’t get to sleep until after three in the morning and he had to be up before seven to make his and Sammy’s lunch for school that day. Speaking of Sammy, he had plans with Charlie tonight and Dean dropped him off at her place on his way here. Cas had declined a ride here, but he
“You didn’t want to die.” A shadowed arm reaches over him and pulls the cord under the light. Dean hisses and closes his eyes, looking away. “We saved you. More specifically,
This is the first time that he’s allowed to touch. Dean has always been tactile with him. They’ve shared the bed during every sleepover and Dean has never been shy about throwing an arm around his shoulder or grabbing his wrist to tug him along. The more that Castiel thinks back about it, the more he realizes that he should have known about Dean’s attraction to him before.
, a hacker with a penchant for stirring up trouble in forums all across the internet.
to work up the courage to ask Cas to go to the movies with him on an actual
Dean watches from a short distance, sitting under one of the many trees that line the edges of the cliff. Below them, the sea froths against the stone wall. He'd complain that this is a dangerous place for Sam to try flying for the first time, but in the month they've been with Cas, he hasn't let any harm come to them. He's made sure that they're kept warm and even showed them the proper way to build a nest, including which materials are the best to use for it.
When he opens his eyes in the morning, Dean is surprised by the lines of gold chains and jewels strung along his arms and chest. Some are affixed to his fingers by rings of silver and they jingle when he lifts his hand to rub the sleep from his eyes. Cas is sitting at the end of the bed, a jeweled belt in his hands. He almost looks disappointed when Dean sits up.
“Why, Cas?” He drops a hand to knock his knuckles lightly against the top of Cas’s head between his thin, straight horns. “Don’t you want your freedom?”
Sam is big enough to fly and hunt on his own. Every day he's teaching himself all the best tricks for catching something to eat. He doesn't need Cas to do it for him anymore and he definitely doesn't need Dean. Watching him take off to fish in the inlet or hunt in the valley on the other side of the hills makes Dean feel sick. How long is it going to be before Sam wants to leave altogether?
He almost wishes that Sam had gone with them. How is he supposed to protect him when he can’t fly? Hunting will be nearly impossible and he might barely be able to catch food for himself, let alone for Sam too. At least they can keep this ledge and cave as their nest for now. It’s high enough from the canyon floor that only something the size of a Dragon or something that can fly would be able to reach them here.
from Cas’s point of view. It’s kind of hilarious really, since it almost looks like Cas’s handwriting and it was on his bookshelf and everything. Wouldn’t that be hilarious if Cas really wrote this? But of course he didn’t. It’s a book and Cas doesn’t write actual
. Over.”
It’s enough of a bother for Dean that he waits until Cas is pretty far into his counting before he says anything about it. “Is there anything else that you’re keeping from me?”
This is both an intriguing and confusing change in events. Dragons are far more vulnerable in their human forms. As beasts, they are covered in tough scales that can only be broken by the sharpest of weapons. Like this, their skin is practically human in most places on their body. Dean has never gotten close enough to a dragon in human form to note just where it stops being so very
He nods, almost a little to enthusiastically and the anger fades to something a little like hope. When they arrived, Cas had said that he cared for him. Maybe, if Cas doesn't mind that he's just a Wyvern with messed up wings – maybe Dean has a chance.
And leaving would mean saying goodbye to Cas. Thinking about that makes something pinch tight behind Dean's ribs and it gets hard to breathe. It feels like his entire torso locks up, no matter which of his forms he's in, and he hates it. There are a ton of reasons why he doesn't want to leave here. Some of them are a kick to his ego, but others – others are things Dean's not even sure he
Tonight has to go perfect if he’s going to get the chance and he
No sooner have the pulled up does Dean phase through the side of the car and run (though his feet never touch the ground) to the one story house with the number that matches to the slip of paper Castiel purposefully held so he could see it. Henrikson hands Castiel a pair of binoculars and they both check out the exterior of the house. The curtains are drawn on almost all the windows except for the living room where he can only see one man sprawled on a couch watching TV. Despite that, Castiel still waits with baited breath for Dean to return.
“And this is a problem for Wyverns?” At the flat look he receives from both Dean and Sam, the Dragon dips his head. “I apologize for my confusion. I did not know it would be so different for a Wyvern. There are plenty of Dragon breeds who have no wings and never fly.”
“You’re new.”
“Good for you.” Dean frowns and tugs at his wrists. In the light he can make out the rope holding them down and judging by how high up he is in comparison to this
.” Dean spits the word like poison. “Why –
Cas's hand stops the door from closing completely. They slide open again and the angry scowl on his face is just this side of terrifying. Dean wonders if he's going to be forced to sleep in the Impala at the motel tonight for that – but at least it got Cas on the elevator. He turns his back to Dean and crosses his arms while the door slides shut. With the both of them in here with their bulky winter coats, it's taking up a lot of space. It doesn't help either that they're already big guys in their own regard.
.” Raphael nearly spits, turning away. “Your Wyvern pets can stay. But keep them out of the way and they can't attend the meeting itself. Understood?”
Instead, Sam nudges Charlie and gestures back over his shoulder. She takes one look before she gets her cell phone out to snap a few pictures. Castiel makes sure that each one has a disapproving glare in it. That way, when they use it to blackmail Dean later, he’ll know that Castiel wasn’t party to it from the start. Both of them grin over the back of the seat and give Castiel the thumbs up. If neither of them are concerned, then it must be alright for Dean to be sleeping right now.
All his other plans go right out the window when the wendigo slouches its way into the room. Dean isn’t sure if his heart actually stops or if it’s just pounding too fast and too hard for him to feel anymore. He swings to a stop, the wendigo rocking in sync with him. Its eyes look hollow and dead – a great sign that it’s nothing like the human it supposedly once was.
Above him, Cas groans loudly and unhindered. He sinks his hands into Dean’s hair and pulls him closer, his legs spreading wider to give him more room. Dean humours him for a while, abandoning the dagger on the bed to free both his hands for touching and rubbing and spreading them wide over Cas’s stomach to hold him in pace when he wraps his lips around the head and slides down, swallowing around him. Cas’s back arches and the sweetest moan echoes in the room.
Castiel snarls, flaring his wings. He drops to all fours when the guards storm the room, bounding out of the way of their spears. There is no other choice for him now. Either he takes his vengeance and risks what few of his clan remains, or he gets them to safety and a new home. It’s their survival that is his top priority now and Castiel refuses to fail them as he did the others.
He doesn't fully figure it out until almost a year after Cas found them in the canyon. It's time for the gathering of the council at Dragon Falls again and Cas had insisted that they go with him. For the long flight there, Sam flew beside them and Dean had to ride on Cas's back – something that he's come to enjoy greatly, even though he's an adult now. He never gets tired of the way the muscles shift and move under his legs with every beat of Cas's powerful wings.
With everything that he’s learned about Dean over their time being friends and online lovers, it is a disappointing surprise that Dean hasn’t even made any motion to even
But that sound isn’t coming from the tower below him. It’s coming from right
Castiel frowns and his hand curls into a fist under his pillow. “Your father didn’t give you bodyguards? To my understanding, that’s what influential men like him do for their children. Kidnapping is often a risk for them, isn’t it?”
This is something that he doesn’t quite want to give up just yet. Especially when there is every possibility that Dean will forget him. Coma patients don’t usually remember the immediate events before their accident. To his knowledge, they most definitely don’t remember what happens to them
“I’m going to guess… None?”
of incriminating things in Azazel’s systems, and it was all
“A mate, Cas.” He squares his shoulders and hopes he's not sweating too obviously. “I want a mate.”
“For a Gargoyle, you’ve got a pretty face.” Dean pats it on the cheek and laughs as he turns away, squinting down into the graveyard for the beam of light that marks where Sam is walking. He lifts his radio to his mouth again. “Hey, Sammy, what’er the odds that I can spit on you from up here? Over.”
The dragon frowns and shakes his head. “Those children have families and homes.” He gestures back over his shoulder. “I only took the ones who had no food or shelter. That is what I give them here.”
Dean frowns and he's almost blinded by the anger that forms red hot in his chest. He bares his fangs and a growl rumbles in his throat. “Who was it? Did they force you? I'll –”
This whole house is a fire hazard waiting to happen.
Things like how Cas is never anything but nice to him. Aside from Sam, Cas is the only other creature Dean has ever met that hasn't made fun of his wings. He hasn't once treated Dean like the cripple that he is. Dean is just another flightless creature to Cas and that actually makes him feel better than he thought it would. He's not a ground-bound Wyvern to Cas, he's just
For everyone to fit on the island, all the Dragons take their Human form. Sam and Dean are the same, but Sam at least
He steps closer to Dean again, closing his fingers around Dean’s wrist lightly. “That sounds lovely.”
“Thanks for the food – um –”
“Your kind are a plague on our castle and you poisoned the heart of our king.” The counsellor hisses and his smile falls away to be replaced with a false horror. “Guards! The monster has murdered the king!
“You will be the last of your kind soon enough.” Gilda bows her head and pulls her hands from her sleeves. “And it is not your fate to be here now. That is a time far ahead of us now. If you allow me to help you, I can guarantee your safety in the light of day for the ages to come.”
But only if Cas wants to. Presently, Dean is caught between being certain that Cas would be amenable to it and being very confused about whether or not Cas can even function sexually. His flared tail had wagged quite a bit when Dean had mentioned wanting to bring Cas with him when he finally manages to escape and at night Cas has no problems with getting
“No.” He turns to give Dean a dark look over his shoulder. “Unlike some people, I don’t read what isn’t intended for them.”
him at the airport.
“Keep them busy.” He hisses, knowing that the fearsome glow in his siblings’ eyes is reflected in his own. “The king is
That’s what Cas says, but Dean knows better. He knows Cas hates it just as much as he does, but for different reasons. Even in a cage filled with others like him, Cas is still lonely. Dean doesn’t know why, exactly, but the others barely give him the time of day. They get along well, despite that Cas is a little weird about some things that Dean considers common knowledge.
Well, he has one more day to figure it out – and that’s still not enough time. A part of him wants to act on what he read and
okay.” Cas hisses, tugging at his scarf until he can throw it to the floor. “
“Hey, Sam.” He mumbles into the receive and pushes a hand through his hair. “Yeah, I’ve got him. We’re in the garage.” Dean listens for a moment before he rolls his eyes. “What do
It’s actually not, but he feels the insult is justified for the grey hairs he’s bound to get from that. In fact, all the Gargoyles spaced out along the terrace are the most Human looking he’s ever seen. Usually the ones in pictures and paintings have grotesque, warped faces. These ones are actually pretty cool, and compared to the rest of the building, they’re in damn good shape. He spans the beam of his flashlight over them all, taking in the wings and fangs.
While staring at his reflection, Cas raises his hand to the stump of his horn and drags his fingertips over the flat surface. “I’m not beautiful. I am disfigured.”
“You’re expecting too much from me, Cas.” Dean sighs, gesturing at the computer. “I’m lucky if I even saw Dad once a day, let alone more than once a week. I know fuck all about his life.”
“Calm the hell down, Dean. I'm just teasing you.” His laughter is
?” Her upper lip curls when she looks over his head toward the hut. Dean meets her eyes and he doesn't move. “What were you thinking?”
“That’s not true.” Dean points at the screen, his finger actually passing through it and making the pixels distort slightly until he withdraws his hand. “Dad never talked to me about the concert. And it was his assistant that told me about the parking garage.” His face screws up in a frown and he looks up at the ceiling while he thinks. “I remember thinking the garage was really weird too. I’m pretty sure there wasn’t any security and it was empty even though it was kinda close to the concert.”
When people start coming out through the doors, Dean's stomach gets to the point that it's doing somersaults so hard he's pretty sure he might throw up. As excited as he is to see Cas – to get to hug him and touch him – Dean is still terrified. His worries are still bouncing about in the back of his head even when he picks Cas out from the crowd the moment he comes through the doors. At that exact moment, Dean's heart is probably two seconds away from beating right out of his chest.
“Oh. Fuck.”
kind of movies.” He pats Dean’s arm and tilts his head toward the screen. “It’s starting.”
“Get to the back of the cave.” Dean curls his tail around Sam’s waist and all but drags him out of the way with it. He has fangs and claws and he’ll protect his little brother for as long as there’s breath in his lungs.
“Come sit.” Cas closes the book and slides it off the bed. “What did you want to talk about?”
“Would you give me one?” Dean asks, looking up from measuring the last of the children.
With one quick jerk, Dean splits the fabric of the gag. He never once takes his eyes from Cas’s mouth, watching the way he flexes his jaw and how his pink tongue darts out to lick his lips. Dean gives him no chance for angry words. His free hand fists in the back of Cas’s hair, yanking him forward into a hard and hungry kiss. It’s a mess of teeth and tongue. Dean can feel himself getting hard, encouraged by in the fervor of Cas’s kiss.
Castiel groans and resists pulling his pillow over his head. It would do nothing to stop Dean’s fingers from ghosting over his skin. He sighs and rolls over instead, opening his eyes and squinting in the dark of his room at the translucent boy hovering next to his bed. Parts of him keep turning blurring into wispy lines like smoke before taking a human shape again.  It’s a sight he’s had a week to get used to seeing, but it still makes his heart stutter in his chest.
“I’m going to check it out. I’ve only seen one person inside.”
The railing creeks under his feet as he turns his attention to his brother, carefully crossing a plank laid between the ships and held in place by other members of the crew. He’s carrying the most precious of the cargo they’re stealing today and Dean can’t help but grin at the prisoner tossed over Sam’s shoulder; bound, gagged and struggling.
Even if he never gets cured, Dean feels confident that he could live like this. As long as he has Sam, his freedom, and Cas, he could live as a Satyr for the rest of his days. He’ll tell Cas that in the morning. It’s something he’s sure will make him happy. Not for the first time since he gained his freedom, Dean falls asleep content.
“You’re not seriously going to wait, are you?” Dean whispers in his ear on the way to the car. “I can whip in and find Sam in a heart beat. If he’s in there, you can’t just
But even with Dean’s help, the investigation is all but completely stuck since they have yet to receive a ransom demand. The day following the kidnapping there had been an unmarked envelope delivered to John Winchester with a photo of Sam holding a newspaper edition from the same day as proof that he was still alive. They’ve received one every day, but there has been no letter or call stating what the kidnappers’ goal is.
“Collins!”
He pretty much melts on the spot and rubs at the back of his neck. “Should – uh – should we go get your luggage or something?”
Once they’re out, Sam is right there waiting on the tenth floor for them. He’s got repairmen and the two paramedics he apparently called to help look Cas over after the panic attack. There’s even a chair set up for Cas to sit in while they check his vitals and all the boring shit Dean isn’t really interested in. He knows Cas is okay now. They both are.
that, Cas. You don’t have to keep on reminding me.”
Carefully, Dean removes his helmet and holds it pinned to his side under his arm. He runs a hand through his hair and looks in confusion from the children to the dragon. It looks like all the children that went missing are present and, for dirty orphans, they all look very clean. Even their clothing has fresh patches sewn in over tears and holes. This is an unexpected development.
He rolls his eyes. “You
Castiel turns away from the mirror to face the chief, nearly stumbling back when a slip of paper is shoved against his chest. “Take someone with you and check it out. Charlie got a name and an address. Surveillance only. Wait for backup and a warrant.”
Dean's itching to reach out and touch. He wants to pull Cas right up against him and kiss him and be his first everything
“Then what did you have in mind?”
Dean lifts both their masks and leans over the table to kiss Castiel soundly before he sets to work. Castiel is more than happy to stand back and watch as Dean takes his time with stabbing Marv in various places perfectly picked to leave him alive long enough for the killing blow. He shivers as the last breath wheezes out through Marv’s nose and they share a pleased smile as Dean pulls his gloves off.
“On your knees, Cas.” Dean whispers against his lips, reaching for the pot.
Good thing they have an elevator. Dean finds the double wide metal doors the moment they're inside. But while Dean heads for those, Cas keeps going right for the clearly marked stairwell just a little past the elevators.
They never talk about their hobby in the kitchen. It’s too open and easy for eavesdroppers to hear what they shouldn’t. Instead, Castiel leads the way to their office and shuts the door tightly behind them. “He kept calling me
“Guys?” Castiel asks softly when the call has ended.
Sounds like someone’s been gargling gravel for breakfast. Dean whips his head to the side and squints into the dark. That’s not even necessary. He can totally make out the shape of another person standing in a closed doorway. They must’ve been there for a while because he sure as hell didn’t hear a door close. And with how
uncomfortable. They had a facade to keep up, after all.
Shortly after it flips to nine, but before it hits ten, the whole elevator vibrates. A loud grinding fills the air and Dean damn near loses his footing when the whole thing jerks to a stop. Cas makes a kind of noise in the back of his throat that almost sounds like it's verging on panic. He practically punches the
While Sam pokes around in all the corners of the little hut, Cas pulls Dean aside. “Please don't take to heart anything my kin might say or do. You and your brother are dear to me and I would not have brought you if I didn't think that you would be safe here, or if I didn't think you were strong enough to bear their words.”
Together they strip Marv down and lay him out on a table. As Castiel bundles all the clothing in a garbage bag, Dean uses an entire roll of plastic wrap to tie their latest victim to the table. Before they leave, they cover his mouth with duct tape and retire inside to eat their pizza and go to bed. Their plan will work better in the early morning, before the sun even rises.
Also, maybe, Dean might think it's kind of ridiculously cute when Cas shuffles around in slippers with a blanket draped over his shoulders and a mug of something steaming in his hands. And when it's colder in the bunker, Cas gets cuddlier. He'll slip into bed and tuck up against Dean's back almost as soon as the lights go out. Dean has really come to like having a cold nose rub against the back of his neck at night – though the cold feet on his shins aren't nearly as fun.
Next time, he tells himself as Cas’s back arches and he pants into the kisses,
They both take their Human form and Dean shoves his fingers through Sam's hair. It's getting long and flopping in his eyes, but Sam seems to like it. He grins and shoves Dean's hands away before he climbs up on to his back. It's harder to get down the tree with Sam holding onto him like this, but he'd rather that than risk Sam falling from the tree.
The laugh Dean gives is bitter and cold. “Dad didn’t care enough for that. It would’ve cost him money. Too bad, though. It might have saved my life if he had.” He sighs and Castiel feels the tingle of his touch against the top of his head. “Never mind about that, Cas. Get some sleep so you can be ship shape for finding Sam in the morning.”
“Winchester.” Dean ducks his head, looking away from those blue eyes. The judgement he sees in them will haunt him for weeks to come. “My name is Sir Winchester – or Dean.”
They were here long before the Humans and he suspects that they will be here long after. Humans are fleeting – with weak bodies, short lives, and violent ways. Despite his clan’s claws and fangs, they are peaceful and want nothing more than to be left alone to hunt and raise their young as is needed. If this symbiosis was not necessary for their survival, Castiel would have chased the Humans from their home a long time ago.
“Just read it and come get me when you’re done.” Before Cas can say anything else, Dean ducks back inside and shuts the door. He can’t be here for this. You’ve gotta be made of stronger stuff than Dean Winchester if you’re going to be confessing your feelings in person.
. Jesus Christ, he's going to be able to hold Cas's hand, maybe even sleep next to him and actually get to hold him. Oh holy shit, Dean is going to have a fucking heart attack before they even say two words to each other in person.
The Dragon tilts its nose into the wind and sniffs a few times before, unerringly, it turns its head toward them. Dean snarls and hisses, trying hard to make himself look bigger without showing his wings. It’s difficult when he can’t flare them to look intimidating, for whatever good that would do against a Dragon that’s several times bigger than him.
Cas shrugs and crosses his arms, shifting his weight to one leg as he looks Dean over. “You
It’s still a surprise when Dean comes through one of the walls of the house. He waves and points wildly at the windows of one of the rooms with closed curtains. Sam must be in there. Knowing that now is an itch under Castiel’s skin. He can’t act without a warrant and back up.
Cas makes a disgruntled noise as Dean tosses the shredded remains of his breeches to the floor, but they both know he’ll have no need for them anymore. He’ll have to get used to the rougher fabric and less elegant style of a pirate’s clothing, but he’s never been one to complain. And Dean has done
“Not if you to idiots are here. Go get in line or something, but Cas can’t see you here.” Dean makes shooing motions at the both of them. If they don’t scram, they might mess up everything Dean’s got going tonight.
Something in the back of his mind is whispering worries and Dean firmly ignores those theories. They’re impossible after all. Extinction took care of that problem for the hunters a long time ago. He keeps trying to tell himself that even after he notices that he’s down to a pair of jeans that aren’t his and no shirt. It gives him a damn good look at his stomach and chest – both places where the wendigo ripped him open. All that’s left to show for it are scabbed lines, nearly healed.
“I only get to see you once a year, Castiel. Won't this be the year you accept my offer?” The most recent male to show up is standing by the entrance and Dean can't even bring himself to look at him.
Whenever he finds something with a nice shine to it, Dean can’t resist bringing it back for Cas to add to his hoard. It is partly a gift and partly payment for allowing him to stay every so often, though Dean has taken to sleeping in the cavern tents with the children during his visits now.
Right around now is when Dean starts kicking himself for that
Without hesitation, Castiel steps off his perch and drops to the terrace below. Three of his most trusted clan members are there, stretching and shaking out the stone dust from their hair and wings. He touches the shoulder of the red-headed sister who led the clan before she made him their leader.
- he’s not
“Sure thing, boss.” Charlie salutes and ducks out through the doors, dodging under Dean’s arm as he chooses then to enter too.
“Of course I did.” Dean tilts his head in confusion. “You could tell that just from looking at me?”
None of that bothers him, though. He kind of enjoys talking to Cas about everything he doesn’t know. It gives him something else to focus on other than how unhappy he is with his current situation. And it gives his brain a rest from constantly trying to come up with all the possible ways he could escape.
Dean tears the page out and tucks it into the pocket of his jeans. “He’s on your list, huh?”
Cas shrugs again and reaches up to touch one of the fading orbs of light. At the prick of his claw, it flares to life again. “I haven't asked for anything in return, and I don't intend to.”
on his own? It was probably around the same time he thought that he was completely capable of hunting alone. Dean’s pretty sure someone somewhere has told him before that pride will be his downfall. He doesn’t remember who said it, but they’d probably laugh in his face if they could see him now.
Thing is… How is he supposed to tell that to Cas without outing himself for reading the diary he
to a dragon first to determine if they are truly what the townspeople claim they are. Every beast goes on the defensive and Dean can’t bring himself to fight them anymore without knowing for sure whether they are good or bad.
It’s too much of a strain on Dean’s patience to stay there for long. He’s missed Cas too much to spend their first moments just like this. He gropes across the sheets for the dagger again and amuses himself with Cas’s gasp of surprise as he brings the cold blade to his belly. Dean sits back and slices Cas’s shirt open in one smooth slide as he crawls higher up the bed, forcing Cas’s legs up around his waist. He kneels between them, his knees framing Cas’s hips.
at the sight of the red liquid inside. Blood. That’s fucking blood and Dean’s lips part on their own, tongue darting out to lick them. He wants it. He actually fucking
, and he sure as hell wasn’t in a cabin the last time he was awake. At least, he’s pretty sure he wasn’t. There was a mine shaft, pain, blood loss, blue eyes – wait. One of those things is not like the others.
The dragon helps him carry the horn to his horse. Even she doesn’t seem fazed by having what should be a threat so near. She even allows the dragon to pet her neck while Dean ties the horn behind his saddle. He swings up into the seat and looks down at the dragon.
Cas is down by the creek, sitting in the cool shallows and scooping water onto his arms. He looks up and smiles softly when they approach. “Have you made your decision?”
This isn’t much of a surprise, really. Dean always wakes up early to take care of Sam and he works hard in all his classes. He’s allowed to be tired every once in a while and if he’s comfortable enough to fall asleep with Castiel here, then that’s fine with him. If he had to admit it, he’s pretty tired himself. Just enough for him to rest his cheek against the top of Dean’s head and muffle a yawn into his hair.
Cas putters around for a few minutes with the teapot and the little canisters of tea that Dean has especially for him. He’s waiting patiently at the table when Dean turns the book around and shoves it towards him.
“Dean and Sam are my
“You were infinite, right?” Dean sits on the floor in front of Cas, legs crossed, and starts undoing his coat. It's getting hot in the small room and he doesn't want Cas to feel like he's the odd one out. “I think you said once that you were a wavelength of celestial intent or something, right? And now you're stuck inside pretty damn limited human packaging. So, I
Cas’s smile lights up brighter than Dean has ever seen it. He’s ears lift and his tail twitches excitedly behind him. Dean lifts Cas’s hand to his lips and presses a quick kiss to his knuckles. If that doesn’t get his intentions across, he might need to educate Cas more in the ways of the world. At least now he has an explanation for
something too.
“What floor did the papers say the deaths keep happening on?” Dean asks, tilting his head back and shading his eyes from the glare of the winter sun to look at the high rise of offices. Why does he keep letting Sam find hunts in the northern states?
A rock bounces off the boulder Dean is laying next to. Cas is somewhere doing his Satyr-y things and Dean’s been lost in thought for a while now, trying to decide how many shoulders he would have to stand on to get over the wall. When another rock nearly hits him, he sits up to and glares around, determined to find the culprit. Sometimes the children like to throw stones at the freaks and Dean has never been afraid of giving them a piece of his mind about it.
Dean has to duck and cover from the spray of gravel. Seconds later he’s dropping both his flashlight and his radio when a roaring cry fills the air and he slaps both hands over his ears. It’s matched in spades from somewhere just below and Dean has just enough time to contemplate the pros and cons of pissing himself before the
And no one even acknowledges the death grip on Dean's hand that Cas refuses to give up, not that it matters. After everything they've been through together, he doesn't care about who sees them holding hands.
Cas's smile grows and he strains forward, meeting Dean for another kiss. This is far less desperate than before. Dean bends his knees and wraps his arms around Cas’s hips, lifting him up enough that he can unhook himself. Sam gave him just enough slack to make sure that he wouldn’t be
council. Wyvern aren't welcome here. What little of their blood that is still Dragon is
Their first kiss is slow and gentle, matched by their hands as they learn the way they fit together. Cas falls back into the sheets covering the straw mattress easily, though his fingers fumble with removing his wrap. Dean’s horns catch on his shirt as he tugs it over his head. This may be the first time he lays with a Satyr, but it isn’t his first with a man and Dean is pleased to see that Cas isn’t much different under the folds of his wrap.
Of all things, Dean isn’t expecting a rock to ricochet off his helmet. In surprise, he looks up just in time for another to ring against the metal of his helm. The dragon hisses and twists, attempting to get on his side as he looks back in the direction of the flying stones. Dean lifts the visor covering his eyes and squints toward the dark curve of the tunnel. If his eyes aren’t mistaken, the shadows throwing stones at him are very distinctly
Castiel glances over his shoulder toward John’s office where he’s currently pacing around the room, nearly shouting into his phone. He’s been granted full access to their systems, but Castiel isn’t
It takes Dean a long time to gather his courage enough for this. He waits until Sam is sleeping before he sneaks away from their nests to find the cave Cas uses as his personal room. Dean has seen it multiple times over the many, many months that they've been living here, and he's always surprised by it. There are great bolts of cloth in varying colours hanging all over, framing a bed of blankets stuffed full with sweet grass while gold and jewels glitter along shelves of stone and the edges of all the walls. There are even books –
“Castiel. And you’re welcome. It was the least I could do.”
Dean glares over his shoulder. “Shut
the first that the bed belongs to a dragon. He tries not to shift too much when Cas kneels on the sheets next to him, leaning over to drag the point of one claw across his skin. It’s nothing but a light touch, but it chases a shiver that makes Dean’s stomach flutter.
It’s no surprise that the only ones who follow are the six he had with him. Sunrise is fast approaching and he has no idea if the betrayers will follow. He knew that many of the humans were never comfortable with his clan living so close, but he never thought it would come to this. So many have died and already the sky is brightening in the distance, a smear of red on the horizon to mark the blood spilled.
useful as a ghost, if Castiel can disregard the annoying things he uses his ghostly powers for. (He’s lost track of the number of times Dean has nearly given him a heart attack by coming through a wall.)
“Captain!” Sam calls to him from the deck and Dean leans over the railing to look down at him. “Your
He says it for Dean’s benefit, but he wants to see if John reacts to it at all. While calling in to the station to let them know where he’s going, Castiel turns around to wave goodbye. John is stopped in view of the door and he’s watching him, but his expression is as inscrutable as ever. From what Castiel heard, John Winchester had refused to go to the station during the initial report. He’d been too
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean floats back again, a warm smile on his face. It lasts only a few moments before turning salacious. “I kinda wish I was alive right now. Then I could show you just how grateful I really am.”
On the first page, Dean can tell it’s kind of a Dear Diary set up, written from the point of view of the character. This isn’t really Dean’s cup of tea, but it’s kind of interesting. Not exactly Anne Frank, but right from the get go he finds the character captivating. They kind of remind him of Cas with their obsession with plants, and all the little things – like their penchant for sweaters and the more homey things in life.
for what this clown did to him.
. Sam should have known that he wouldn’t stay hidden in their camp in the forest for long. And of course he should have known Dean would go into town to try and either buy or steal something. It’s no surprise that he got caught, really.
There’s a quiet hum that vibrates against his shoulder and Dean squeezes Cas’s hand. “If you got worries, or if you’re afraid or uncomfortable or something, you gotta tell me, okay? I can help you deal with it.”
“You make for a beautiful sight, young master.” Dean murmurs, stopping only a few feet away to draw a dagger from his boot.
doubtful. He nods his head slowly before he reaches out and takes Dean’s hand in a solid grip that damn near crushes it. “Hello, Dean Winchester. I am called Castiel.”
The older ones place themselves between Dean and the dragon, though they’ve thankfully stopped throwing their stones. “We couldn’t let him hurt you!” They glare at Dean. “You thinks he ate us, right? Well, we’re not eaten. Cas hasn’t done anything wrong, so you can just
“I wouldn't dream of it.” He shakes his head and stands, flicking water from his tail. “I like taking care of things. When we get home, you'll see the garden I've cultivated. It's quite lovely.”
when we can add the rest to our horde.”
He must be lying. Dean squints at him in the bright light. Why is Cas making himself all comfortable here with the light orbs? Does he think he's going to spend the night in the cave with them? His plan is probably to fatten them up and eat them during the night and Dean isn't going to allow it. “You're not allowed to sleep in here.”
“I get that. But
He takes two more steps and something hits Dean hard in the back ofhis thighs before his whole world tilts violently. One minute he’s staring at a bunch of monsters that
It had been extremely surprising to see the same boy standing in the middle of the bull pen, shouting for someone to listen to him and find his brother. Castiel had hardly been able to believe his eyes, but it was undoubtedly the same boy from the photo he’d memorized on the drive to the hospital. He was the only one able to see the way Dean’s face fell when the chief had announced that they weren’t going to be getting any information out of the older Winchester boy - likely taking that to mean that he was dead.
Dean can’t help a smile of his own and he presses a line of kisses down the nape of his neck. “Welcome to the Fallen Angel, Cas.”
They wait a few moments before Dean reaches out to flick Sam’s ear with his claw. “I said stay in the back of the cave. Did you forget it that quickly?”
comment he made forever ago. “Everyone has fears, Cas.” Dean sighs and leans his cheek against the top of his head. “You’re not the only one, y’know? I’m scared of flying in airplanes. Sam’s scared of clowns. You don’t like enclosed spaces. Being afraid of shit is something I understand and it’s not going to change
a reason why I based that book off my life
makes him interested in it is great, sure. But it’s also leaving Dean confused the whole way from the luggage carousel to the parking garage. If Cas was into it because he was into it, then how come he’s not making any moves to touch him right now? Doesn’t Cas want to hug him? Or kiss him? Is he just shy? Dean needs some kind of
Colour fills Cas’s cheeks and he leans into Dean’s side, their horns knocking together. They sit like that for a while and Dean’s mind continues to think. Everyone here doesn’t
As soon as he’s free, Cas’s arms fall around Dean’s shoulders, squeezing tight as he gasps into the kiss. He can almost feel Cas’s heart beat through their shirts, pounding hard against his ribs. It’s almost delirious to be able to feel it again after months – no, it’s been more than a
This is the last prompt that Papp and I did for our Daily Destiel Prompts blog. For various reasons, we were no longer able to continue with it all those years ago and I never realized that the last 3 didn't get posted to Ao3. Thank you to everyone who submitted prompts! This was a fun thing to do during my Finland trip in June 2014 and we really enjoyed ourselves with doing it.
on the verge of dying after all from what the wendigo did to him. Hallucinating isn’t all that surprising, to be honest. If he believed in them, Dean might almost say that it was an angel come to take him away. But he knows he’s not going to the good place. There’s only one place a Winchester like him would belong.
“Here.” Castiel holds the knife out. “You can finish him.”
He squeezes Dean’s hand again and all but beams at him from across the seat. The conversations that follow that feel easier – the ice broken. Dean’s hand is warm in his for the entire trip and Castiel mourns having to let it go when it’s needed for the steering wheel as they navigate through the parking garage under the apartment complex. Castiel wants to hold it again the moment they’re out of the car and his luggage has been removed from the trunk.
He glances Dean over from his head to his toes, his eyes never lingering as he stands. “Tend to yourself. I will check on the children to make sure you didn’t rouse them. You may stay here the night if you prefer.”
Dean Winchester, Castiel
Cas, is in love. He’s in love with
“We’re the, uh, good guys, I guess. We fight crime and triumph over evil and all that jazz.”
Good. He knows Cas has a varied library at home, but he wants him to feel comfortable here too. When the engine rumbles to life and the dash lights up, Dean makes sure the volume isn’t loud enough to discourage talking or something. Usually he prefers playing it so loud that Sam doesn’t try to talk his ear off about boring shit. Cas gets the special treatment because he’s a guest and this is the first time they’re meeting and all that goopy shit that has his heart still playing like it’s a trapeze artist.
also say that the more they’ve been getting to know each other, the more he’s thought about it and is willing to try – especially since Dean has made it all too clear that he
“Where would you be most comfortable to have the mark?” Cas asks, eyes focused on the scarred expanse of Dean’s chest. “You will have to show it to every dragon you face to gain their trust.”
“I’m fine.” He hushes them, leaning forward to lick the tears gently from their cheeks and smooth his claws through their hair. “I told you to stay in the cavern.”
A growl answers him and the glare turns hateful as Dean steps close enough to touch. He puts the tip of the dagger to the young man’s stomach and draws it up slowly, carefully slicing through each tie of his waist coat. It falls open when he reaches the kerchief tied around his throat and tucked into his shirt. Dean was careful enough not to damage anything else.
Cas puts the belt aside and reaches over to help remove everything currently on him. “I was bored waiting for you and the children to wake. And you are a very deep sleeper.” He piles everything neatly in a chest at his feet. “Will you be leaving today now that you have what you need?”
Fire hits it from behind. Dean squeezes his eyes shut at the bright light and wishes he could close his ears to the inhuman wail. He can feel the heat of the flames as they scorch through the wendigo, it’s skin the best fuel for the fire. In seconds its a pile of ash on the floor and Dean’s quickly losing the ability to pay attention to it. Blood keeps dribbling down his chin and his clothing is soaked with it. He can feel the hot slide of it going down his legs through his jeans.
What Castiel
There’s a pot of oil hanging suspended from a nail in the wall next to the bed. Dean knew this day was coming and he made sure that he was well prepared. He knew – Sam knew –
“We'd like to come with you. Provided you don't try to eat us in our sleep or something.”
Unless he’s been unconscious for weeks, Dean shouldn’t be this far recovered. And those sure as hell wouldn’t be leaving nothing behind. These puppies should be leaving scars. Big ones. Ones that would tell the world that he was a colossal fucking idiot for trying to take on a wendigo solo.
Dean allows himself to take quite a bit of pleasure from the way the young master’s eyes go dark and his arms tremble as he strains at the rope keeping them above his head. As he slides his knee between the young master’s legs, Dean carefully slips the blade under the gag covering his cheek and stretching between his teeth. “I’m going to have
why the love interest is named after you.”
After a moment’s contemplation, the dragon shifts again. Dean shields his eyes and quickly makes room for the beast form. It is easily three, possibly four, times the size of his horse. Dean watches, surprised and slightly awed as the dragon lifts a paw to touch the horn rising from his left temple. He rubs it slightly before sighing and dipping his head.
His eyes get a little wider and Dean definitely sees a blush in his cheeks as Cas nods. “It was fine. Have you been waiting long?”
“If I can measure the children, I’ll be able to help make them new clothing.” Dean explains, unloading the fabric onto the floor. He helped keep his brother clothed as they were growing and he’s been in charge of maintaining his own clothing for longer than that.
“Yeah. Jess is making meatloaf.” Sam puts his hat on, his hair flipping out underneath its edges. “Bring your appetite!” He waves over his shoulder as he heads back outside, the bell dinging over the door.
“Are you
“We can pay you.” The mayor all but begs, holding out a cloth bag that is no doubt filled with coin. “Please, dragon slayer, save our children!”
prior to murder.”
he will bring oil. Maybe then he’ll be able to get close enough to Cas to feel the light of his magic again.
As soon as Cas sees him, his whole face lights up like Dean's only ever seen on his computer screen. There's lightning spiking through Dean's nerves with every step closer that Cas takes as he picks his way through the crowd to him. He can literally feel his heart in his throat and his fingers are twitching around the edges of the sign with the urge to
They already know the button doesn't work and Dean doesn't much feel like trying to pry open an elevator door. Luckily, there's a phone box tucked under the buttons and it pops open easy enough. He grabs the receiver and hits the big red button that will hopefully connect him either to the elevator company or the building manager. As long as it's
Cas lives so they can make sure to avoid the area in the future. “Where are you from?”
five people, if they were squished in here like sardines. When the doors start to close, Dean lifts his hand in a wave – and an accompanying long, drawn out chicken cluck.
They find a cave hidden along the cliff walls of the coast. No human would be able to reach it whether on horse or on foot and Castiel can’t force his friends to go any further. None of them have the heart to take their fearsome positions when the sun spills through the cave mouth, turning their skin to stone when its light touches them. The last of their tears slip down stone cheeks.
Dean must stare at him for a few minutes too long, because Cas sighs and gets up. “I’ll understand if you don’t want to associate with me anymore. The others were the same when they got here.” He glances toward the other side of the enclosure where the others are stretched out in the sun too. “They don’t tell anyone because they’re scared I have magic and I’ll use it against them. They’ll use the name of my race, but they won’t be my friends.”
Dean pats her leg and takes the reins again, leading his horse into the cave mouth. “Why is it better when I’m here?”
His stomach twists and a lump rises in his throat. “I'm not – maybe – maybe, a Dragon?”
“That’s not what your journal said.” He crouches to pick up the book where Dean abandoned it on the floor. “Are you
. His body is alive. He’s not dead! Castiel opens his mouth to answer, but the bathroom door clicks open and his jaw snaps shut out of habit.
If he didn’t know better, Dean would almost say that he’s reading about
The third day is slightly less confusing than the first and second, but Dean still can’t look at the bookshelf without going red in the ears. Something about it keeps digging itself deeper into his head and it’s not just about how bad he feels for going through something so personal to Cas and finding out something he wasn’t exactly willing to share.
. Though it would be nice if he could just zap them to the fifteenth floor instead of having to take the stairs or some shit.
The answer of ‘
experience, but I saw enough as a child to know. And the circus owners were kinder to me when I was young. They read me stories about my kind.”
It wasn’t very long after Sam left that Dean got hungry. Grass isn’t nearly as appetizing as goats make it out to be and Dean wanted something with
Cas scrubs his hands over his face. “The Impala has – it has
“Set course for home, Charlie. Our holds are full and the crew is itching to get their share.”
The change in Dean is immediate the moment he notices. Tension bleeds out of his shoulders and he flips his hand over onto the seat between them. Castiel bites his lip when he fits their palms together and links their fingers. His hand and arm tingles at the touch, like little fireworks are going off under his skin. It’s everything he hoped for and Castiel squeezes back when Dean tightens his grip.
Hope builds just a little more in his chest. “Is that a yes?”
No matter what form he takes, Dean is a freak and a cripple and he hates himself for it. At least his Human form doesn’t look as wrong as his natural Wyvern body. Sometimes, Dean wishes he was a proper Human. But most of the time, he wishes he was a Dragon. No one would look down on him, even if his wings were wrong. He would still be big, strong, beautiful,
as my mate.”
At the next red light, Dean chances a glance at him. “I wasn’t sure how comfortable you’d be with all the touching.” He admits, ducking his head. “I figured maybe we’d talk about that at home or something.”
, how many others has Dean killed that were good too? He’s been indiscriminate with his hunting in the past and now Dean has the sneaking suspicion that his hunts in the future will be forever be changed by this one meeting.
He smiles and ruffles their hair before extracting himself from their hands and climbing into the saddle. “If Cas says I can, than maybe I could return between quests.”
“Watch him. I’ll clear the house.”
To his credit, the Dragon doesn’t recoil. He barely bats an eyelash as he glances over Dean’s wings. “Your flock left you because your wings are too short?”
Knowing that Cas wanted to try at all because
Dean zips his lips and turns his attention back to the screen. He’s seen all sorts of movies with Cas before and the most that he can remember ever happening during them is that Cas grabs his arm and squeezes like he’s trying to wring juice from it whenever they’re watching something in the horror or thriller genre. And he’s pulled at Dean’s sleeve and sniffled through tear jerkers before. Cas is the entire reason that Dean carries a pack of tissues in his coat pocket at all times now.
As the sun rises, Castiel crouches into a fearsome position to ward off the evil spirits who would seek to harm them during the day. It always itches as his skin turns to stone and the sleep takes him, but come evening, when he breaks free of the bonds and stretches to the sky, he is fully rested. Had he been wounded, they too would be healed.
much easier for him to make the trip. Dean could have –
. I can’t fly.”
He snorts and shuffles down the line of them, studying each one. There’s six in total guarding the terrace and another staircase that leads up to another layer of the tower. Dean isn’t usually one for heights, but there’s the shape of another Gargoyle against the clouds in the fading light of the sun and it’s kind of a
he’s hunted. How many of them were like this dragon? How many of them only had the crime of existing and living near humans? He will need to be more discerning with his hunts in the future.
“What can I do to help you trust me?” He stands and the last of the children runs off to play with the others. “I’ve done my best to keep the townspeople from bothering you and I can continue to bring you the supplies you need to care for the children. What do you feed them? Meat? They need more than just that and your magic can only do so much for them.”
Maybe this visit won't be so awkward after all.
Dean in person? This is the first time they're meeting in person after all this time. It took Cas this long to save up to make the flight and that's because he's brave as hell and it was just
Castiel’s smile grows and he leans across the seat between them. His sniff is over exaggerated before he sits back and catches the blush on Dean’s cheeks. “I think you smell very nice.”
“You have our word as Fey kind.” Gilda interjects gently. “We are bound by it.”
is happening up there?” Sam’s voice is coming crackled through the radio and the Gargoyle glances down at it as it jumps of its perch.
“It won't. I don't come here to fraternize or fornicate.” Cas sighs, not looking up from whatever it is that he's weaving from long stalks of grass. “You ask every year and my answer is always the same. This meeting is to make sure that there is nothing going on in our world that might threaten us. As admirable as it is that the rest of you use it to strengthen the bonds between breeds and clans – I want nothing to do with it.”
Castiel’s tail whips through the air behind him, adjusting the course of his glide slightly as he circles around the highest most tower of the keep. For decades now, this has been his resting place during the day when the stone sleep takes him. It has been a quiet night, and those are always welcome, though he can’t help but worry about when the next wave of invaders will attack.
him. Dean’s hand is surprisingly steady as he lifts the beam from the stone floor to the Gargoyle. Thin cracks are spider-webbing across its entire surface and Dean just about stops breathing. In the distance, the last of the sun disappears over the horizon and almost simultaneously, the rock shatters.
Just like Dean, Castiel has the urge to kill bubbling up inside him. Neither knows where it comes from or why so few people seem to have it, but they’ve both accepted this part of themselves. Castiel chooses to use it for good. But before they met, Dean was far less discriminatory. Over their years together, Castiel has helped to curb that in him and has shown him how to do it in a much
This is the first time that Dean has seen a Dragon up close and he’s not at all surprised to find that it’s even more beautiful than he thought one would be. He winces and shields his eyes when a light blazes around the dragon, brighter than the sun. Spots dance behind his eyes when he opens them again, this time to find the Dragon has taken a Human shape and is standing on the ledge just outside their cave.
Dean frowns in concern and hands Sam a napkin cut in the shape of a pie and neatly labelled with
about seeing.
Slowly, Cas sits up. He folds his legs awkwardly and stares down at his hands in his lap. Again he won’t look at him and it’s sending a nervous flutter through Dean’s chest. “A curse won’t work on me, Dean.”
The elevator dings when it arrives and the doors slide open. Dean steps inside and gestures for Cas to follow. “C'mon.”
.” He continues, speaking softly and gently tapping the flat of the blade against his captive’s cheek. “What’s the name your daddy was calling out again? Castiel, was it?”
“Captain?” Sam shifts the young master higher on his shoulder. “What should I do with him?”
He shrugs and runs a hand through his hair. “As long as you aren’t obvious that you’re still here, you should be alright with the townsfolk. As for proof?” This is where things get more awkward and Dean can hardly bring himself to look the dragon in the eyes. “I usually return with a tooth, or a head, sometimes a wing or part of the tail. Once I took a paw. It’s usually the horns that are easiest to take.”
“That felt good. I think I’ll go do some fishing now. How about that for supper?”
“I brought you something.” Dean carefully holds out a package bound in cloth.
Understanding fills those blue eyes, but the lack of trust doesn’t change. If anything, they get
“Have I told you we collect things that shine?” Cas murmurs from somewhere above his head.
am I tied up?”
Immediately Sam sags back against the headboard with relief. He takes a shuddering breath and whispers his thanks, tears already forming in his eyes. Dean makes a choked sound and swears loudly when his arms pass through Sam’s shoulders as he tries to hug him.
It takes them well over an hour to find anything useful. At first glance, it’s merely a personal email to a close friend detailing the events of John’s week. What catches Castiel’s attention is a paragraph nearly lost in the middle of the entire email.
Sam bobs his head in a nod and Dean growls at the both of them as he shoves Sam back with his foot. “This is
She holds them out to him, face serious. “You’re going to want to see this. We found a
necessary. Long before Cas is actually ready, he starts rocking back against Dean’s fingers and muffling unrestrained noises into the pillows. Dean endeavors to draw new ones from him with every stroke and stretch of his fingers and hands, raining kisses across his lower back.
He knows where Dean was being kept and it’s halfway across the hospital. There’s sweat on his forehead when he skids to a stop outside the room and his heart is beating a hard staccato against his ribs. There are no doctors gathered around Dean’s bed like he had been expecting to see attempting to resuscitate him. All the machines grouped around Dean’s bed are showing that his vitals are holding steady and if it weren’t for the tubes and bandages, Dean would almost look like he’s sleeping.
Tonight, the young king is waiting for him by his daily perch. Castiel lands before him, his wide wings folding around his shoulders for his talons to hook together in the hollow of his throat. They go limp and drape down his sides, much like the cloak the king wears. They dip their heads in mutual bows, acknowledging the rank and presence of the other.
“I don’t understand.” He glances back over his shoulder at the other Gargoyles that sweep down into the graveyard behind him.
“I won't say yes just yet, Dean. But I give you my permission to court me.” Cas pulls him down against his chest and Dean folds into the hug, his legs stretching out to tangle with Cas's. It's been a long time since he slept in here – not since they first arrived and a terrible storm had scared both him and Sam into Cas's bed. This is nothing close to the same as then and Dean rests his head on Cas's chest, listening to the beat of his heart.
The Dragon doesn’t leave. “Are you hungry?”
Our apologies that this last one doesn’t have any art.
