He shrugs, and John sighs, rubbing at his temples. “Well, the point is that I started to look at the corresponding news stories of the places I’d thought you were likely to be in. Places where Moriarty might have thought it was important to have people there.”
“Don’t exaggerate,” Sherlock scowled, “It can’t have been over a century yet.”
of all people? The man isn't even worthy enough to wash Mycroft's pants, let alone kill you."
“Sherlock. I am your brother – you know I do not wish to harm him. Please, allow me to help.”
"On the contrary, John, there
"He saved your life." Sherlock said, his voice trembling as if it were angry for John. Angry at the unfairness of it all. "He saved your life, Mikheia. You owe him."
Together, he and Sally look over to where Holmes is bossing another officer around, giving them a laundry list of items to retrieve from the evidence locker. He's already made himself at home, his coat hanging haphazardly off one of the chairs.
"So we're just two humans going against an immortal, supernatural evil, then?"
varúð, Icelandic, n. -- caution, carefulness
, all from those steady blue eyes staring back at him.
Slowly, John reached a hand into his doublet, drawing out a folded piece of parchment and handing it to Sherlock.
"Look—feel the way this one curves around the anterior, near the subscapularis." Sherlock gently traced the curve of John's right shoulder blade, eliciting a shudder out of him. "And here, around the opposite, yet they were careful not to hit your scar tissue from your bullet wound. Notice how the mark tapers off sharply, like they drew it up before hitting it—this is
--//--
"They were innocent."
"I know."
"Property value?"
I wish that I could rise above it."
He can't say it. It's not that he doesn't want to, he simply can't. He is physically unable. Sherlock thinks this vocal handicap is simply psychosomatic, but John is not in the mood to be corrected and for once Sherlock doesn't want to correct him. He doesn't feel the need to feel superior in this moment, on the contrary, he feels quite inferior.
"I could have been lying."
She asks where John is.
"You were right. There's another body."
"Sherlock, what…I don't—I don't understand."
When Sherlock did not defend himself, but looked at his shoes, John knew he was correct.
No no no no there must be a way to
"What are you?" Sherlock breathes and John smiles, the true, kind smile which Sherlock's only seen in his dreams, flashes of soft light that pass over him like lights shining on a car driving down the highway at night. It makes him feel warm, safe, untouchable. He's consumed by the feeling that this being—that John would die for him if he had the chance.
“Like hell it’s not important! Your back is littered with scars! I’ve been in the army, those look like scars from- from…” John choked on the last word, unable to finish his sentence.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why didn’t Mycroft send more men, damn it!” Sherlock gritted out, weaving through halls, trying to lose the men tailing after them, still holding John’s wrist in a death grip.
“Please, John! Help!” Sherlock said, his voice muffled and slurred from the gloved fingers covering his mouth.
John gritted his teeth, trying to breath as quietly as possible. Hearing the crunch of gravel only a few paces from him, John handed his trust over to his instincts and leaped in the direction of the sound, tackling just the man they were looking for to the ground. The man let out a loud string of curses and tried to wriggle his way out from under John, but John held fast, pressing the man’s cheek into the filthy ground, pinning his arms behind his back.
A gunshot rang out loudly in the alley, followed shortly by a soft hiss of breath, but John paid it no mind, his back pressed up against the wall, his own gun clenched tightly in his hand. He trusted Sherlock not to get himself shot so he inched carefully along the wall, wishing the criminals that they were trying round up hadn’t been smart enough to drain the power from the block they were on, plunging them in complete darkness.
“Sherlock?” John said, turning in his chair to look at his flatmate. His expression matched one of a deer caught in headlights, his face pale, his eyes rimmed in red, a suitcase loosely from his right hand. “Where are you going?” John asked curiously. It was rare for Sherlock to go anywhere without him, and even rarer that he hadn’t mentioned a case at all.
“C’mon love, let’s get you in bed, it’ll be better if you sleep it off. I can get you some painkillers in the morning,” John said softly. Sherlock let out a soft whine in complaint, but didn’t stop walking with John.
“Sherlock-”
Sherlock had taken his shirt off since the last time John was in the room, and he was lying on his stomach, his back on display.
“Shhh, Sherlock, you’re panicking, can you breathe with me please? Will you do that for me?” Sherlock, his eyes clenched shut, nodded and let John lead him through a breathing exercise. What felt like minutes, hours, days, years later Sherlock’s breathing was back to normal, his hand held tightly to John’s chest. “Feeling better, yeah?” Sherlock nodded and sniffed, rubbing at his tear-stained face with his free hand.
“I- John, it isn’t- I don’t- it really isn’t that important anymore-” Sherlock mumbled, cut off roughly by John.
It had been so stupid of him, so idiotic to leave John alone at Baker Street with the threats that were coming in the mail everyday.
“Well,” John said once their giggles died down, “now that we got all of that out into the open, I believe there’s someone here who needs a kiss.” This sent Sherlock into another small fit of giggles, and John joined in, unable to stop himself. Their hearts were full, finally, after two years of being empty.
“John,” Sherlock croaked out, burying his face into the junction between John’s neck and shoulder, his tears wetting the warm, smooth skin there.
“Well,” Sherlock began, shrugging one shoulder. “Shouldn’t you be angry with me? I killed myself right in front of you, I left you alone to grieve, and now I’m back without warning, showing up to your flat and you just forgive me? Just like that?”
Somewhere, faintly, he can hear someone's muffled screams and whimpers.
It was what felt like three hours later when John was finally found. By that point, he was finding it harder and harder to breathe from his screaming ribs, his thighs had multiple bleeding gashes from broken glass, his toes were starting to feel broken and numb at the same time as the cold air drifted in through the broken windows, and he was starting to feel woozy and dazed. His extremities were too cold, he was slowly losing blood, and his head pounded from receiving multiple hard hits to it.
“John! What-” Sherlock said, cutting himself off with giggles, letting John whisk him around the flat. It looked like they were dancing despite the fact that Sherlock’s legs were folded tightly around John’s back, holding him close to the man that was moving them towards the bathroom in a very roundabout way, swinging them around in a lazy waltz through their living room.
“Hellooooo,” Sherlock slurred, reaching up to cup John’s face. “I knew you guys would save me!” His voice was nasally and seemingly wrecked, and John started worrying even more. “Did they rough me up a bit, John? I can’t really remember what happened…” Sherlock said, all of his energy suddenly gone as his eyes started to drift closed. “Will you take me back to Baker Street? I miss it, and I’d like some takeaway, maybe… maybe some…” he drifted off.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think that I want your coat, John. It smells like you. Like home. I bet you didn’t even know you smelled like home,” Sherlock said, curling into John, groaning at the pain it causes him. John held him tighter, willing the tears not to run. “Well, I’m telling you right now. You smell very home-y.”
“-who doesn’t deserve anything he has, and-”
“We are getting out of here together, or we aren’t getting out at all,” John gritted out, picking Sherlock up carefully, one arm around his shoulders and one under his knees. He threw himself into a sprint, the sound of rushing blood almost loud enough to drown out the pained noises coming from Sherlock.
“You didn’t want to get up, so I solved that for you. Now shush up and brush your teeth,” John said, placing a toothbrush and toothpaste into Sherlock’s hand before disappearing into Sherlock’s room. He returned holding a pair of old pajamas, setting them on the edge of the bathtub. They both brushed their teeth and spent that short amount of time in companionable silence, shoulders brushing, smiling as best they could while cleaning their teeth. When they were both done, John left Sherlock in the bathroom and shut the door, giving him time to get changed without John looking.
“If you don’t stop annoying me,” Sherlock drawled, digging his heel into the ground right in front of the man’s eyes, “I won’t miss next time.” Something about Sherlock’s voice was still off to John, but he didn’t get the chance to say anything as he was, once again, cut off, this time by the police pulling up to the alleyway they were currently in. As Lestrade got out of the cop car and slammed the door, John got off the ground and dragged the man up with him, catching a quick glimpse of his dirt-smudged, sneering face from the flashing police lights.
On Sherlock’s beautiful, long, slender throat, was an ugly bruise in the form of hands, wrapping themselves fully around his neck. John crawled around to look at the back of his neck and could count each individual finger mark. John prodded carefully at Sherlock’s neck, trying to ignore the winces, trying to tell if there was any permanent damage.
John hummed softly to himself while bustling around the kitchen, making a full breakfast for himself and Sherlock. Sherlock had been struck with fever and hadn’t been feeling well at all for the past few days, but John had a feeling that once he woke up, he was going to be famished. He placed the breakfast along with a fresh pot of tea on a tray and took it to Sherlock’s bedroom, smiling softly to himself.
John just watched him go, unable to move, to think, to breathe. Falling to his knees, John let out a long, ragged yell, cursing the mysterious people who were taking his detective away from him. When he brought his hands up to rub them roughly over his face, they came away wet, tears springing from his eyes. He hadn’t even realized he had been crying.
Running through long and twisted hallways in an abandoned storage building, John’s head whipped from side to side, scanning his surroundings frantically. He could hear a man chasing him, but he couldn’t leave without Sherlock, and he was currently nowhere to be found.
Clenching a knife tightly in his hand, John gritted his teeth and narrowly dodged a hit, swiping his own blade towards his attacker, barely nicking him on the arm before feeling a strong punch to his right shoulder. He grunted and just prevented himself from falling backwards, lashing back out at the skinny but surprisingly strong man trying to kill him.
They stood like that, embracing in their flat for longer than either of them cared to count, Sherlock’s fingers dancing over John’s back, John’s fingers carding softly through Sherlock’s hair. It would soon be the end of one adventure, but the beginning of another.
Tears welled up in Sherlock’s eyes as he watched Watson read The Note. There was almost no emotion on Watson’s face for the longest time. His brows were creased, and his lips were pressed into a thin line, but the rest of his face was void of all emotion. Until he read one line, that one line, that drove a dagger into his heart.
He didn’t notice when the strange man entered his flat, and he certainly didn’t notice that he was being sneaked up on until said strange man grabbed him from behind and pressed a hand over his mouth, dragging him backwards.
“Alright, alright,” John said softly, his adrenaline from going into Doctor Mode wearing off. Tears gathered in his eyes, but he refused to cry. He needed to focus on stitching Sherlock up.
“Sherlock? Sherlock!” John said worriedly, not even noticing the quick retreat of the men. “Sherlock, love, can you hear me? I need you to open your eyes for me, okay?” Sherlock groaned and wiped at the blood that was starting to stream from his nose, cracking his eyes open to look up at John, Mycroft, and Lestrade. His face cracked open into a grin, blood running into his mouth and over his teeth.
“I-” Sherlock could tell John was going to lie to him, then decided against it, saying, “You disappeared about a week ago without a trace, Sherlock. Since then, people have been dying all over the place, and the eyewitnesses all mentioned seeing someone that looks like you. Your DNA is all over the scenes. You’re in an alley, covered in blood, am I not supposed to fear you?” John’s voice shook heavily, and tears started racing steadily down his cheeks, his gun still trained on Sherlock.
“What do you want with me?” John asked, his fists clenched tightly at his sides, his feet sliding into a stable stance. The man grinned, an evil, cracking thing, and walked ever so slightly closer to John, his eyes widening.
The words hung heavy in the air for a few seconds, and John’s heart ached for the exhausted, shaking man in his arms. “Don’t say that, love. Don’t even think it, because it isn’t true, never has been, never will,” John said fiercely, his voice still a near-whisper. “You’re doing more than anyone else, and we could never thank you enough for that.” When Sherlock didn’t answer after a little bit, John asked, “Hey, did you hear me ‘Lock?” He nodded slowly, a violent tremble making its way through his body. “Do you believe me?” A pause, then Sherlock shook his head no, his shoulders starting to shake with silent sobs along with the tremors already running through his abused muscles.
He ignores it.
Thank you all so much for reading! My apologies, this isn't by best, but I'm a bit tired tonight and I'm a little uninspired! But as always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
“Sorry John,” Sherlock said weakly, still trying to catch his breath. “I didn’t mean to drag you into problems from my past.” Samael, obviously angry about being called a mistake, took in a deep breath and stood up, staring down at the still kneeling Sherlock below him. Sherlock could hear John struggling to get free.
“How… how did they do it?” Sherlock muttered to himself, his thumb still rubbing at his bottom lip.
“Why, Dr. Watson, I just want to make your acquaintance, is all,” the man says bitterly, and suddenly there’s a large fist swinging towards his nose. John ducks just in time and throws a punch of his own, landing it against the man’s right cheek. One of the man’s teeth must have broken, for he spits a wad of blood out of his mouth and grins ever wider at John, still creeping closer and closer.
John could admit it without hurting his pride; he hated it when Sherlock was in pain, no matter if it was mental, emotional, or physical. Seeing pain in that man's eyes broke John’s heart in a way that he couldn’t quite explain. Sure, he’d seen many injuries over the years, big and small, serious and ridiculous, but with Sherlock it was different. Sherlock, this perfect, untouchable figure waltzed into John’s life and gave him strength, gave him a new spark for life that he never thought he would get back after returning from Afghanistan. When Sherlock was hurt, John swore he could feel the hurt deep in his chest as well. And he didn’t like it one bit.
“I have an idea,” John said, putting a pillow down on his lap, tugging Sherlock closer to himself. “Would you like to lay your head on my lap? I can play with your hair if you’d like. Sherlock nodded and laid down, his head resting on the pillow covering John’s legs.
(See the end of the chapter for
He had been broken, and there was only one person who could put him back together again.
John threw the blood-soaked gauze away, then pulled out some cotton and doused it in rubbing alcohol, grimacing apologetically at Sherlock. “This’ll hurt ‘Lock, sorry,” he said, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock’s forehead before beginning to disinfect his wound. Sherlock hissed in a breath and squeezed his eyes shut, digging his fingers tightly in the couch cushions, reciting the digits of pi in a feeble attempt to distract himself.
John Watson could not sleep. He decided, at that moment in time, that whoever invented sleepless nights was going to get a nice shiner around the eye.
“On the roof, Moriarty had come with a plan that even I couldn’t get out of without taking drastic measures. He had- he had snipers trained on Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, and-” his voice seemed to catch in his throat, so he took a deep breath before continuing. “And you. The only way to save you was to either kill myself, or fake my death. Obviously, I decided faking my death was the best idea. But even then, you three weren’t out of danger. They were still watching, so I resigned myself to going into hiding and taking down Moriarty’s network.” He seemed to break down a little bit, his breathing speeding up. “I’m so sorry I did that, that I made you watch, that I made you go through all of that but I couldn’t let you die, I just couldn’t do that-” John pulled him into another tight hug, effectively cutting him off, and over Sherlock’s shoulder he could see that Mrs. Hudson was no longer fuming, and now had a softer, more grief-filled expression on her face.
“He’s over here, hiding in the alley!”
“Can’t you see? It’s Moriarty, he’s here, he has a gun, he’s laughing and laughing and laughing and he won’t shut up and he’s going to kill us! Can’t you hear him?” Sherlock said, his voice broken and full of fear. John inched even further towards him till he was close enough to touch Sherlock’s shoulder. The detective jerked away at the contact, a shudder moving through his entire body.
He had certainly grown used to being touched starved. This was like a gift from the highest power out there.
That is, until Sherlock’s eyes widened in fear and he suddenly went down, a loud ‘snap!’ accompanying his fall, followed closely by a gasp and a loudly shouted, “Fuck!” John skidded to a halt, his mind suddenly kicking into overdrive, running through all of the things that might have just happened to Sherlock. Kneeling down, John assessed Sherlock, his heart beating loudly in his ears, his blood rushing quickly through his veins.
“Mycroft was there? The whole bloody time? He was there and he didn’t save you from all of that torture?” He was livid, and Sherlock nodded meekly at him. “I’m going to kill that bastard,” John seethed. Sherlock shook his head, pulling his knees up to his chest.
“Alright boys, pull him out!” The man said happily, strutting closer to Mycroft, eyeing the money in his hand. The two others pulled out a crowbar and opened the crate that one of them had been sitting on just moments before, and John’s heart dropped from his chest into his toes when he saw Sherlock. His upper lip was split, nearly his entire face covered in purple and blue bruises, some of which were starting to yellow around the edges. His shoulder seemed to be wrenched in a slightly wrong way, and he was stumbling around unsteadily, unable to balance himself on anything.
“It’s just us. Only us John Watson, really! Can you imagine anyone else getting together like this? We’re insane; I’m really not surprised it took something like this to bring us together!” With his nose in Watson’s neck, he inhaled deeply before sighing contentedly. “You smell faintly of tea John, did you have some before you came to sweep me off my feet and save me?” John snorted.
“Am I… angry? With you?” John repeated. Sherlock nodded his head, still not meeting John’s gaze. John let himself think about it for a little bit before answering. “I think a small part of me is angry with you,” John said, and Sherlock seemed to deflate, his shoulders slouching. “But,” he continued, “it’s barely there. There’s so much relief from seeing you alive, and so much thankfulness for what you did for me, that it’s easy to ignore. Because not everybody I know would fake their death to save my life,” John said, sentiment leaking into his voice. “Why do you ask?”
His only answer is the sound of sobs falling through the cracks of Sherlock’s fingers.
His mind is hazy, but there are snippets of conversation dripping through the cotton and into his mind.
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John ground out, trying to adjust his hold on Sherlock without hurting the wounds more. “Just- just shut up, would you?” John’s panic made his hands shake, and he couldn’t quite get a good hold on Sherlock. He gritted his teeth and pushed back the sticky, wet feeling pushing up his throat, threatening to choke him.
“John?” Sherlock said, panic lacing his voice. “Are you sure you’re alright? There’s an ambulance on the way, just hold on, okay?” John, now starting to lose feeling in his fingers and toes, only nodded and tipped his head back against the wall, trying to breathe evenly. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and held it close to himself again, shaking his head. “Damn, I wish I thought to bring something warm with me,” he mumbled to himself, playing mindlessly with John’s fingers.
Thank you all so much for taking the time to read this! I appreciate each and every one of you, even my ghost readers! But, as always, comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
“Of course he didn’t, he never does, when will he learn that-“ Sherlock cut himself off with a gasp as a gunshot rings out, a bullet burying itself in his arm. “Fuck, that hurts!” Sherlock said, stumbling slightly and covering the wound with his other hand. John opens his mouth to say something, but when a sharp, white-hot pain blooms in the back of his right thigh, he swears and goes down for a few seconds, panting.
John’s vision came into focus just long enough to read the very bottom line of The Note.
(See the end of the chapter for
“John, I didn’t order this,” Sherlock said, his eyebrows furrowing tightly over his eyes. John let out a little laugh, patting Sherlock on the shoulder.
The room fell silent. It wasn’t even five minutes later when Sherlock whispered, “John?”
“Mycroft, let me comfort him, please!” Sherlock said, his voice shaking. John cracked his eyes open against the searing pain and was met with the sight of Sherlock being dragged away by men in suits. He fought them hard, but there were more of them than him, and they slowly worked to remove him from the room.
“Yes, thank you John,” he said, his voice still a little shaky. “I’m sorry about all of that, I-”
It wasn’t even five minutes later when the screaming began.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock had gotten shot in the leg, and didn’t think it important enough to tell John.
“About what? What’s wrong?” John asked, running his thumb over the back of Sherlock’s hand in what he hoped was a comforting way. Sherlock took a deep, shuddering breath and let it out slowly.
Sherlock, taking a deep breath, pushed himself into John's room with a bowl of cold water and a cloth in one hand. John was sprawled over the bed, his skin shining with a thin sheen of sweat, thrashing slightly.
Nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, would you rather I call you Sherl? My little ‘Lock, just like the old days?” He asked, his voice dark and bitter, placing a hand on Sherlock’s right shoulder before driving his fist into Sherlock’s stomach. Sherlock spluttered and coughed, taking in short gasps of breath. John barks out a curse directed towards Samael.
He barely noticed when one of the bartenders shouted, “Hey Jackson, cover for me, will you? I’ve gotta head to the loo!”
John couldn’t hold himself back; he didn’t care that Greg was standing behind him, he pulled his elbow back and drove it into the man’s face, delighting in the sickening crack under his knuckles. Sherlock, still very unbalanced, swayed and fell into John’s arms, his breathing and heart rate delayed. John tried his best to ignore Sherlock’s wrist and the bruise forming around it.
He moved to pull his hand away, but just before he could, Sherlock gripped his wrist and kept it in place against the back of his head.
Grabbing the kettle off the stove right before it could start whistling, he made a nice cuppa for himself and settled down on his chair to drink it, hoping that it would help him get at least a little bit of sleep that night. At first, everything was normal. The lack of Sherlock’s presence was strange, and the dark, silent atmosphere seemed almost eerie, but those were to be expected. Everything was alright, and John smiled to himself, starting to feel sleepy once again. He finished his tea and placed his cup in the sink, rinsing it out before drying his hands and heading back to his room. A strange noise from his flatmate's room made him pause in confusion.
Thank you all for reading!! This one was a bit rushed, but I hope you enjoy it nonetheless!
“I don’t what, Sherlock? What, were you gonna say that I don’t understand?” His question was met with silence from Sherlock, and John took a deep breath and a few steps back. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t start that sentence because I know that this is just the stress and lack of mental stimulation getting to you. But never forget Sherlock, I understand. In fact, I think I’m allowed to say that my recovery was much more difficult than yours will be. Okay?” John asked, earning a nod from Sherlock. He had the decency to look guilty.
“Who are you?” John said, his fever state doing a pale imitation of the John that Sherlock knows. Sherlock swallows as he squeezes the wet cloth in his hands, trying to push back the sobs he could already feel building up in his throat. “I don’t know you, do I? Why the fuck are you in my flat?”
There had been an explosion while he was gone. An explosion, in Baker Street, where John had been alone, while Sherlock was out at the
William Sherlock Scott Holmes was not an ordinary child by any stretch of the imagination, and the other kids didn’t exactly know how to deal with that. “Hello, I’m William Sherlock Scott Holmes!” He would say, thrusting his hand out towards whoever he was attempting to befriend. “Would you like to be my friend? I happen to really enjoy science, we could do science experiments together if you’d like!” At first, the other kids seemed to like him quite a bit, giggling while nodding their heads, grabbing him by the hand and pulling him over to play with them, whatever silly game they had picked that day.
“Stop apologizing, Sherlock. You went through, I’m assuming, something quite traumatic while you were away, and while I don’t know the particulars, you don’t need to apologize for the reactions you have to it. Anyways…” he drifted off, realizing what he had missed in his need to comfort Sherlock, his heart skipping in his chest. “You love me?” The words had popped out before he could stop them, and he cringed at himself.
He wasn’t there.
His plate hit the coffee table with a clatter, his hands raising to cover his eyes, shoulders beginning to tremble. “I can’t- you were supposed to be mad at me! It’s what I deserved. I had time to think about it on the plane ride back. You wouldn’t be here when I came back, and I’d find you at a restaurant with a woman, your girlfriend, named Mary, about to propose to her, and when you see me you would punch me, beat the shit out of me, anything but this. Why won’t you give me what I deserve?” John was struck speechless.
(See the end of the chapter for
“The man,” John said quietly, his voice raspy. “The man’s in the corner, he has the hammer, and the knife, and the gun.” His eyes widened, and he nodded his head slowly, as if he didn’t quite realize that he was doing it. “He wants to use the kettle in our kitchen,” John said faintly, explaining to someone that Sherlock could not see. “He just wants some tea. I told him he could use it. We have more than enough tea, don’t we? I think-” He cut himself off as his gaze cut sharply to Sherlock, his eyes sharpening.
John presses another kiss to Sherlock’s head, tightening his arms around his trembling body. He knew it was from the overwhelming amount of emotion Sherlock was feeling as much as it was from the muscle fatigue, the lack of sleep, the low blood sugar.
Sebastian Moran had known what he was doing when he kidnapped Sherlock, pumped him full of cocaine, and dropped him back on the doorstep of Baker Street, leaving him in John’s capable hands. Sherlock seemed euphoric, his eyes wide, his pupils blown, nearly swallowing his ice blue irises completely with black. John gritted his teeth, knowing that this was not Sherlock's doing, and pulled the man off the front steps, leading him into their flat.
, he left John alone at Baker Street for the
John shook the thoughts out of his mind with a deep frown; that wasn’t important at the moment.
“Sherlock? Sherlock, can you hear me? Do you have a fever?” John said, kneeling beside Sherlock’s bedside, reaching out a hand to place it against his damp forehead. Right before he could make contact, Sherlock’s head jerked to the side as he let out another low moan. John felt his stomach filling up slowly with dread as he dropped his hand to his side. John knew what was happening; it was a nightmare. Just a simple bad dream. But John knew that wasn’t quite it. God, he couldn’t tell you how much of his life was robbed from him by nightmares. He knew just what they could do to a person, especially ones of this intensity. The pain in John’s chest got worse, somehow.
“Yes, hello Sebby. You can stop watching the little pet now, we have what we want,” Moriarty said, hanging up the phone and dropping it into his pocket. “There we go. Your little doctor is safe and sound. And you, my dear, have just made the best decision of your life. Let’s play a game, eh?” He said with a smile. Sherlock gritted his teeth, threw his suitcase into the car beside them, and got in himself, allowing Moriarty to kidnap him to keep John safe.
(See the end of the chapter for
His red-rimmed eyes were sending warning signals through his mind, and when Sherlock took a deep breath, his lip trembling ever so slightly, they sounded even louder.
Sherlock was confused. Were they looking for him? He didn’t think he was that dangerous, but then again, here he was, sitting in an alley, covered in someone else's blood. His head was pounding, and the faintly flashing lights were making it worse, so he just shut his eyes and leaned his head back against the wall, not stopping to think about how disgusting it probably was.
“Why can’t I come with you?” John said, anger starting to build steadily in his chest. He waited for a few seconds, and when Sherlock didn’t answer, he snapped. “Why the fuck can’t I come with you? Who the hell is going to hurt me? What’s going on, Sherlock?” Sherlock’s face crumpled in an instant, tears streaming down his face, his bottom lip quivering.
“John, I don’t think you quite understand the extent of how you affect my mind,” Sherlock said, his hands starting to fidget in his lap. He averted his gaze from John’s as he continued. “When you’re around, and nothing else is going on, my senses zero in on you. Your scent, your eyes, your body language, sometimes even your proximity to me. It’s dizzying, John, the effect you have on me. Hence the reason I collapsed when you walked into the room.” Sherlock smiled down at his lap, completely oblivious to the state that John Watson was starting to fall into. He couldn’t quite handle the information that Sherlock was throwing at him, and he felt like he was drowning in his-- in his-- he didn’t even
“I hardly think-”
Sherlock curled in on himself, clenching his fists in the pillow as tears started to spill from his eyes. John kept stroking his hair as if nothing strange was happening, and Sherlock buried his head in the pillow, trying to remember the sensation of John’s fingers in his hair, as it was probably the first and last time he was ever going to feel it.
“I failed her… there’s a little girl out there in danger and I failed her when it mattered most,” Sherlock said, barely registering the tears starting to run down his cheeks in thick drops, or the fact that John was now in front of him, trying to console him and tell him it wasn’t his fault.
John shook his head, grasping for something else, anything else, to say. “I hate it when people go through the things that I went through and I can’t help them. Is this the first nightmare you’ve had in a while?” A dry, humorless chuckle made its way out of Sherlock’s throat, and John’s eyebrows furrowed. More tears rolled down Sherlock’s pale cheeks, and John wiped them away once again, still looking at the slightly trembling man with confusion and concern.
“Are you ready ‘Lock?” John asked softly, and when Sherlock took a deep breath and nodded, John smiled and stood up before helping Sherlock off the ground, slipping his fingers around his detective’s.
When John walked up into 221b Baker Street, shopping in his hands from a late-night trip to the shops, he was met with the scene of Sherlock standing near the window, cane gripped loosely in his hand. He was still, his back turned to John, and John could tell that he was deep in thought but still knew that John had entered the flat.
“John!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, no one else would be able to be this fun after they almost- they almost, um-,” John’s words got caught in his throat.
John and Sherlock sprinted together through a thick, twisting forest, their hands gripping onto each other for dear life as their legs pumped endlessly, pushing them forward. They could hear shouting and the rustling of plants behind them, but they only ran faster, grinning at each other before both taking a sharp right turn, as if they could read the others mind.
He never did.
“Sherlock, you don’t sound okay. You sound like the opposite of okay. I’m coming in, right now, and you can’t stop me,” John said through the door. Sherlock mentally cursed at himself as more tears burned tracks down his face.
It had never really been a secret that Sherlock wasn’t good at taking care of himself. Well, that wasn’t quite true; it’s not that he couldn’t do it, or that he wasn’t good at it, he just didn’t care enough to do it. To him, his body was just transport and nothing more, something useless that held his big, brilliant brain and slowed down when he didn’t give it what it wanted when it wanted it. He got by on what little food, water, and sleep he could without being too weak to chase criminals, or too tired to not be able to think properly. Too many times John had caught a glimpse of ribs showing prominent beneath the skin on his torso, or the deep, dark bags under his eyes from lack of sleep. Recently though, he had gotten a little worse.
Sherlock was on his knees, digging through rubble with bleeding hands.
“I know John, I- I’m sorry. It’s just, I wasn’t really suicidal. And now my heart is soaring above the clouds because of you, and I can’t help but be happy sitting here on the floor, wrapped tightly in your arms. Thank God you found me when you did John Watson, or I would have never experienced this much joy in my life. I love you.”
Sherlock shuddered and wrapped his arms tightly around Watson’s back, squeezing himself closer to the man that he loves. John kept rocking back and forth with Sherlock caged in his arms. Pressing soft kisses to the soft skin right under Sherlock’s ear, Watson whispers onto his skin. “It’s alright love, I have you now. I love you so much. I’m not going anywhere.”
John stopped just before he slammed his shoulder into the boarded door in front of him, deciding to find a quieter way to slip in.
“You all stay back here,” he heard a familiar voice say. “He knows me, he’ll be least likely to attack me if he’s still in a bad mental state.” Sherlock furrows his eyebrows, groaning softly to himself, the pain in his head getting slowly worse.
His head was swimming, his vision becoming blurry and unfocused.
“I will not have you stay in this room a second longer, Sherlock Holmes, not until he’s done having these attacks!” John heard Mycroft bark just before Sherlock was dragged from John’s sight. John struggled even harder, but his limbs were starting to feel heavy and limp.
“It’s good,” Sherlock said, licking his lips, trying to ignore the pain burning through his arm at the movement.
John wasted no time in untying the ropes from Sherlock’s wrists, the pained noises from Sherlock pushing John to yank harder at the knot, tearing the skin on his fingers in the process.
), tears dripping down his face.
The heavy breathing and pained groans were his next clue.
“Sherlock, shhh, calm down for me, please. Who’s in the corner?” Sherlock turned his panicked gaze toward John for a second before looking back to the corner, his body trembling.
“John, I’m very very very very very sorry, I seem to have been drugg’d,” he said, his voice even more slurred than before. “I didn’t mean for it to happen, I pr’mise. I’d never d’ that t’ you. Don’t leave me, okay?” John hugged Sherlock tight to hide the tears forming in his eyes.
At least that’s what he had said.
“What’re you thinking about?” John asked, stepping a bit closer to Sherlock, staring up at his face.
It was a recording of John’s voice. That was all. But they made it sound like John was in the building, searching frantically for Sherlock, and tears started spilling out of Sherlock’s eyes.
The men obviously had prior fighting experience and were not afraid to fight dirty. John was bitten, elbowed in the nose, kneed in the stomach, and even had both of his feet stomped on.
The second he got John’s legs uncovered (his uninjured, beautiful legs, all in one piece) he lifted him carefully, tucking John’s head into the crook of his neck, and carried John to the ambulance waiting outside Baker Street, trying to ignore John hissing in pain.
“John, I…” He said, trailing off, not meeting John’s eyes. “Stay with me.” He looked up as he said it, almost afraid of what he was going to see there. He mentally scolded himself for asking.
“I know ‘Lock, I know.” Another kiss to his forehead. “Now, let’s get you some sleep, sound good?” Sherlock nodded before slipping out of John’s grasp, laying his head down on his pillow, just enough room next to him for John to slide in. After slipping in under the blankets behind Sherlock, John slung his arm over Sherlock’s side, carefully pressing on his bare chest until Sherlock’s curved back is nestled comfortably against his own chest. It didn’t take long for Sherlock’s chilly skin to warm up against John’s hot skin, and soon the rise and fall of his chest was slow and steady, an indication to John that the man was asleep. Pressing a kiss to the nape of Sherlock’s neck, John smiled and sighed happily.
Sherlock could feel the fabric still shoved in his mouth. There was duct tape covering it, and his hands were tied to his sides, his feet tied to the table.
John barely noticed when Sherlock slipped out of consciousness, the pain too much for him. All he knew was the bone-deep fear, and the adrenaline.
As it turns out, a lot of things could go very wrong in a very short period of time. John would come to regret the fact that he said this.
“Lestrade!” Sherlock snaps, not tearing his eyes away from John. “Get an ambulance here immediately!”
“You could kill me,” Sherlock said, his voice monotone and all together uninterested in everything. John gritted his teeth and clenched his fists. Sherlock continued. “You’re obviously getting annoyed with me, so if you kill me, both of our problems are solved, easy as that. Although-”
“Thank you, John,” he said quietly, tears starting to soak into John’s shoulder. John pulled him in closer and held him tight. “Do you think you could carry me to the bedroom? I’m exhausted, and I don’t think I can quite walk yet.” His voice was nasally and rough, and he was starting to tremble in John’s grip.
“Mycroft did the right thing, John. He saved both of us by waiting,” Sherlock said softly, and John walked over the bed, slumping down on it in front of Sherlock. Running a hand softly over John’s face, Sherlock leans in and presses a kiss to both of John’s eyelids. John’s eyes start running, and when he looks up at Sherlock, tears are streaming from the corners of his eyes.
As the knot finally came loose, Sherlock let out a sob and slumped against John, hiding his face in the crook of John’s neck, wetting the skin there with his hot tears. “John…” he groaned, cutting himself off with another heaving breath and another wave of tears.
John’s inner thoughts were interrupted when Lestrade swore loudly and bolted towards an alley and the skip just on the inside of it. That’s when John saw him, his unconscious detective stashed behind the skip, just barely visible. John let out his own string of curses and ran forward, gripping Sherlock firmly by the arms to pull him out, gasping when he saw his right leg.
“Shhh, don’t worry ‘Lock, it’ll all be okay,” John whispered to Sherlock, trying to distract him from what he was about to do. His arms were most definitely dislocated, which means it was John’s job to pop them back into place. He tried to slip into Doctor Mode, but he couldn’t. He couldn’t ignore the fact that it was Sherlock he was trying to fix. Taking a deep breath, he pressed a kiss to Sherlock’s forehead before putting his right shoulder joint back where it was supposed to be.
“Of course I can.”
“We have to destroy the lab.”
He lifted his head and turned, and there he saw Sherlock walking toward him. Sherlock, in his big black coat and dark blue scarf, curly hair dancing in the wind, eyes bright as the sky. His gait was sure, but his face looked less so, like he was approaching a wounded animal and didn’t want to spook it, and didn’t know how it would react: would it panic and flee, or lash out? Not even John knew, in those seconds as Sherlock drew nearer, what he would do. Part of him wanted to run into his arms; another part was screaming to fly in the opposite direction, or maybe, hell, just over the railing. In the end, he chose the fourth option: freeze.
John’s expression went from contemplative to eager. “Right! Um, just let me change. Won’t take a second.”
John ignored the insult. “You’re afraid he won’t come back. But you’re even more afraid that he will.”
a subspecies.”
Sherlock took the case, and within twenty minutes, they were following Mr. Elmer Jacobs to his home Hammersmith.
Suddenly, he was scrambling. Tangled in sheets and limbs, it was not an easy affair, but John was like a startled white rabbit. Sherlock took a splayed hand to the face and a knee in the ribs before John floundered to the floor. “I’m so sorry,” John was saying, as he picked himself up. “I don’t know what I was think— I’m so sorry.” And he bolted for the door.
John shouted. His hand swung out like he was batting away a diving seagull and he flipped over, on top of Sherlock, and pressed an arm to his throat; and Sherlock, startled by this action and reacting faster than he could think, flung him off, and they rolled together right off the bed and onto the floor, John beneath him, fighting. Sherlock took a blow to the shoulder and a knee to the ribs but seized John’s wrists and pinned them above his head.
“Good morning, John,” said Mycroft. “You’re looking remarkably well, for having been assaulted by Alphas.”
“You? How!”
what you mean by cycle.”
There were a string of solved cases (like Julia Stoner’s, which John had labeled “speckled blonde” and Matthew Michael’s, called “aluminium crutch”), which ultimately outnumbered the unsolved cases (like Chris Melas’s case, or, as John referred to him, the “geek interpreter"), but he kept going back to the first one John had mentioned: the one about the serial suicides.
“You didn’t think an Alpha would so easily give up his Omega, did you? He wants the other John back.”
“As good as any,” Sherlock answered for him, slipping into his suit coat. From Sherlock, there was no embarrassment at all, not even a hint of a wink between lovers or the self-satisfaction of a man who took pleasure in his sexual conquests. He might have been commenting on the weather. “What do you have for me?”
He quickly angled the screen, lest Sherlock spot it.
“But I
“Where were you born, John?”
“Who is it?” Sherlock asked innocently.
“Running out of time, doctor,” said the young man, trying not to move his mouth, as if he could keep John from hearing or understanding him.
That left seven. Slowly, John pushed himself up on his hands and rose to his knees, but a terrible pain flared up in his stomach, forcing him back to all fours. One arm wrapped around his middle. Sherlock continued circling him, and in a low voice meant only for him, he said, “
, aren’t I?”
“Or what?” said the man behind him.
“Pass all the laws you want—it doesn’t change two undeniable facts. One, Alphas believe they are entitled to Omegas, and two, Omegas do not have the tools to defend themselves. We’re not expected to fight, so we don’t realize that we can. No, it’s worse than that. It’s not just about expectations. Every day, every hour of the day, we Omegas have it beaten into our heads that we’re inferior to Alphas and Betas, in every way. We’re told that we’re weak, and stupid, and incompetent. I believed it. I grew up believing it. And it was
“Don’t get all worked up. What happened was . . . surprising. For me. And no, not very welcome, at first, until . . . Look, I had no fucking clue what was going on! With me. Biologically. And
Sherlock straightened to standing, utterly bewildered. John was acting . . .
,” said John, “two men, walking on the same bridge, at the same speed, on the same day, could . . . mind swap.”
“They hunted you.”
“Two years together, and that’s all you can say for him? You’ve grown
But though conscious, he pretended to still be asleep so he could listen to them talk, unaware they were being observed.
John pulled his hand out of his pants, hoping she hadn’t seen anything untoward. He grabbed the blanket and used it to wipe his face.
John gasped in pain and tried to curl inward, but the hands holding him up by the shirt wouldn’t allow it and shook him so roughly his neck cricked. Someone was pulling the shoes from his feet. Another set of hands were making short work of his belt buckle. He saw a fist raise. Squeezing his eyes tight, he turned his head away and waited for the blow.
He was slowly backing Sherlock toward the sofa.
Her face registered bafflement. “What do you mean?”
Sherlock’s head came around sharply. “What?”
“I can wait you out all d—”
“He is!”
“That’s not true.” He pulled back, gripped her by the shoulders, and said, “You’re part of our pack now. We’re going to hunt these bastards down, I swear, and we’re going to do it for
any further? Or just bite his tongue and get it over with? In the end, he decided that normalcy couldn’t return until he got this over with. So once again, he perched himself on the stool. He was more fully dressed than before, though. He wore trousers and shoes, for instance. But he shucked his coat, tossed it aside, pulled his cable-knit jumper over his head, untucked and unbuttoned his shirt, and once again found himself in nothing but the sleeveless white undershirt. Sherlock watched all this with excessive patience.
John clicked off the telly and shot to his feet, running a hand through his hair. This was madness, all madness. This place was fucking insane. He didn’t know what he was doing, not until he was halfway into this jacket and Sherlock, having spent the last three hours upstairs in his lab, was re-emerging in the sitting room.
He lifted a hand to touch his face and ease the pain. She grabbed his wrist to stop him.
“War. Getting shot.” He didn’t want to share the rest.
“We need to learn more about it.”
“With you? Just you?”
to begin with?”
“An understatement, I’m sure!”
. So why tell them?”
“John?” he spoke timorously. “Hello?”
“Nonsense, John, I merely suspected. The case wasn’t solved until I saw the flypaper. Then it was only a matter of finding the body.”
“Of course. The
She shushed him again with the finger, then took hold of his head and drew it closer to speak in his ear. “I’m here because of Sherlock. He told me everything. That you’re from another world, and I believe him. That’s why I came. You’re not safe here. We need to get you out.”
“Of course. Two?”
It was when he moved a hand to grip himself through his trousers—to see if anything was unhappy down there—that his world froze again. He gasped, then ran to the bathroom, where he pulled down his zipper, reached inside his underwear, and pulled himself out.
She looked over her shoulder to where she had hung blue and purple plastic beads in the passageway leading to the sitting room. Then she burst into loud laughter, apparently expecting a much more serious question that pried into her personal life.
“Why?”
. The reek of alcohol, the stench of unwashed clothes. It spoke of months,
He took a deep breath, straightened his back, cracked his neck, and stepped into the kitchen.
He didn’t want to
Everyone stood around, wide-eyed and waiting. And then . . .
“You’re a wonder.”
“John!”
Sherlock. But the reality that it was
“Yes. So?”
, he thought.
“Not everyone, no. But you do.
Another thirty-two seconds, and the first of the Alphas emerged, seemingly unharmed, though his shirt was untucked and jacket was falling off one shoulder. All the same, he appeared perplexed. He looked up and down the street, making sure the way was clear before retreating once more. When he reappeared, he had the arm of one of his compadres slung around his shoulders; the second Alpha’s nose was a mess of blood, and he was hopping on one foot. Behind him, the third Alpha was cradling an arm close to his stomach and bracing his jaw with his other hand. The three of them slunk out of the frame, in the opposite direction to where John had gone.
“There now,” said his doctor, smiling pitifully down at him like he was eight years old. John had half been hoping that Mike Stamford might take the occasional shift in the emergency department, but he knew it was a foolish hope. “You’ll be back on your feet in no time and all healed up before your next heat.”
John nodded sharply. Throughout London, the clocks struck noon, and John Watson peeled off his ugly moustache and threw it to the ground. Then he vaulted lightly over the police barricades and walked straight-backed and head-high into the center of the large ring, alone.
don’t see it.”
John closed the door. And locked it.
“I am,” John sighed. “Just not the John Watson you know.”
“If an Alpha proves himself a jellyfish, absolutely.”
He considered that one too. “If I can’t answer honestly, I’ll not answer at all.”
“For me?”
Sherlock. His Sherlock would be able to make sense of all of this, and what’s more, find a way out. He trusted, too, that his Sherlock would share in his bafflement at six sexes, balk at such a thing as heats in human beings, and scorn the way the world treated Omegas. He just wanted to be back with someone with whom he could have entire conversations in a single glance, with whom shared laughter came naturally and bickering was almost as enjoyable and comfortable as long, easy silences. God, it had been only a few days, and he missed his Sherlock fiercely, so fiercely it hurt, and it terrified him at the same time, the thought that he might never see him again, that his Sherlock would never know what had happened to him. Surely, even now, he was racing around London, panicked, searching high and low for him. Because that’s what his Sherlock would do for him. He knew it.
“Oh shit,” said Sherlock.
place in Sherlock’s unknowable heart. But he wasn’t self-deceiving enough, either, to think he meant nothing at all to the man he considered his best friend. John knew he was useful in the Work (a truth he had verified beyond any doubt the day before), and they certainly enjoyed one another as companions. Sure, they dug at each other and bickered constantly, but that was half the fun, because they were also usually only a few breaths away from breaking down into laughter or knocking each other playfully about. John had never expected to have such a friend in his adult life, but being around Sherlock, he felt positively youthful again; and, as far as he could tell, Sherlock had never, before John, entertained the notion of
“Yes.”
“London.”
“Hmm,” he hummed again. “I might need a few more repetitions to memorise you perfectly.”
Sherlock paused in the doorway, his hand on the doorjamb. Slowly, he looked back over his shoulder. “John,” he said, allowing a menacing growl to color his voice. “<<
“This dog fight business. I just wondered. Because I’m not exactly your . . . whatever. What I mean is, you’ve a loophole, if you want to take it. Your John wasn’t attacked. I was.”
“To be fair,” Sherlock equivocated, “you didn’t think it was me.”
“And bringing the John I know back home.”
“I didn’t
world, we’re just mates. That’s all. If John comes back, if he finds out that, that, that . . .”
“Mate had a motorbike. I dropped something, bent to retrieve it, lost my balance, and fell into it. The exhaust, you know? Scalding hot.”
“The Waterloo Bridge,” he said at last. “Same place it happened before.”
John 1:
, John, these things are hardly difficult.”
John shifted a little in his seat, wondering how this was going to play out, wondering how he
of it; London’s CCTV system was second to none in the world, and one had to be especially clever to avoid being seen. But what was John
Jackie. But no. It was like Mr. Jacobs had surmised from the start. Just an impostor. Dull.
“You’re not yourself, John.”
“Besides,” Sherlock continued, “we can’t leave those men to roam the streets and keep harming Omegas. As it stands, I am currently the only one with legal rights to fight them. I mean to.”
“I’ve spent a lifetime
“How were things, then, eh? Between you and John?”
He was huge! His penis, once contained and modestly unobtrusive, was now obscenely long and heavy in his hand, stretching across and exceeding the width of his palm. What was this, what was
have to do what I should have done last night.”
to secret locations. And who but a cabbie could hide in public? Who else could hunt in open daylight? It had to have been someone they all trusted, and
them! If you saw
“Harry!”
Sherlock gaped. “You
“Hardly.”
“Oh please. This isn’t about— Listen. You
likely. Nevertheless, a chance meeting on a train was hardly
He sighed. “Scented and knotted. One of them forced a bond.”
himself, was a surreal experience. So this was John Watson. The doctor. The soldier. The blogger. The partner to brilliant consulting detective Sherlock Holmes. He stepped closer, examining the man’s features—haircut, jawline, dimple, eye color. For a long moment, he stood there, wide-eyed and scrutinizing.
“Way to turn my world upside down. You’ve been here, what? Less than a month?”
“We . . . already solved that one. In the other place.”
“Bloody
Sherlock’s jaw locked; his nostrils flared. He felt a burning anger in his sinuses. But he was the very model of composure as he rose to his feet, straightened his jacket, and stepped directly in front of where John sat in the chair. With perfunctory efficiency, he extended a hand for John to shake.
“That will be of little use. What we’re interested in is”—Sherlock hesitated, like he was trying to form the best way to say it—“real-world application. Evidence that it might be true.”
. I get it. You’re probably right anyway, as remarkable an occurrence as that must be for you. But we need to talk about what you’ll say. And make sure you record everything
At last, he sat back, and John with him. He was shaking a little; the pale moonlight shone off his sweaty forehead; he rubbed his left shoulder.
And then he noticed, too, that the scar on his left shoulder, testament of a war fought and the bullet that had almost ended it all, was gone, leaving behind only smooth, unmarred skin.
“Look, I’m not trying to harangue you. It’s just . . . How often were you two, you know, intimate?
John nodded. He was feeling . . . safe. Comfortable. More comfortable than he could ever remember feeling, in fact.
The doctor paused mid-stride and took him in, head to toe, with a friendly smile but without any sign of recognition. Then he quirked an eyebrow.
“Is this what Mycroft meant by”—he swallowed, and his lips formed a grimace of disgust—“
As per his usual routine, he set about preparing things for the evening, so that when Sherlock returned from his case, everything would be ready to go. He cleaned the bathroom; set three sets of folded sheets under the bed and a stack of folded towels by the door dividing bathroom and bedroom; made three large carbohydrate-heavy meals (carbonara, shepherd’s pie, and beef-and-potato stew) and placed them in the freezer; and was just organizing the tea tray for the first twenty-four hours when he froze.
are going to find answers.”
“I see.” She folded her cards together in her lap, regarding him very seriously now. “And he doesn’t feel the same.”
As Sherlock continued to huff in his ear, another wind carried the scent of the Alphas from the west, spiking his internal agitation, because he could smell them now, more powerfully than before: the hunger. He calibrated quickly: He couldn’t outrun them. He couldn’t outmuscle them, not all at once. His only prayer was to outwit them, at least long enough for Sherlock to arrive. But even then, he didn’t know if the mere presence of his Alpha was enough to make them back off.
“Yes. No. Not exactly. Hell, I don’t know.” He slowly sank to the couch and dropped his head into his hands to avoid looking at Sherlock. Instead, he addressed the rug. “The other me, in the other place . . . he doesn’t have his own bedroom. The two of them are, you know, a couple. They share a room. A bed. And so I . . . for the last however long . . . He insisted, you see, and it was only practical, and I guess . . . I guess I just forgot.”
his heart pumped a steady one-two, one-two,
“Yes!”
The field reporter was back. “In just a few short days, John Watson has become a rallying point, a symbol of Omegas everywhere. So when the people chant, Free Omega John!, what they’re really saying, is Free Omegas Everywhere from the societal conditions that set them up to be targets in the first place.”
At last, Sherlock grinned, reserved, but delighted, like he had scored a point in a game John didn’t realize they were playing. “I knew it.”
times and still feel the same bottled rage, the same barely controlled impulse to lash out, hunt down, and destroy. A low growl rumbled in the back of his throat, earning him another glance from Mycroft, but he didn’t care. A pack had set itself upon his bond-mate with the intent to ravage and despoil, and that was an unforgivable offense, by law or otherwise.
flat, a flat she’d never even been to!
He pulled his eyes away from the disaster of her living room and tried to refocus them on her, but they were still blurry from tears. He had a funny ringing in his ears, too. The whole world sounded as though it were playing in a different key today.
“And I think we learned ourselves a wee bit of a lesson, eh, John?”
But he simply hadn’t known: a person could suffer the very same, fraught yearning in other ways. And it was just as horrifying, just as painful, and just as desperate.
Unacceptable.
“Hey. Hey,” said the man, trying to take his arm. “Is something wrong?”
“John Watson.”
“Hm?” Sherlock encouraged.
Before he drifted away completely, he felt Sherlock pulling the covers around him. They were still warm from where Sherlock had been lying only moments before.
John Watson had just rolled into his arms, and he was holding him, and they were together, there, in his bed, and he was holding the one person in this universe or any other that was more precious to him than his own existence. He couldn’t breathe. Breathing would break the spell.
“Just get off a shift?”
John’s vision exploded into blinding white light, the crash of colliding worlds filled his ears, and
“You’re sure?”
know this story. Everyone does.”
“The first time I saw him, it was just me. The second time I saw him, it was just me. Tonight, it should be just me.”
“I’m fine,” he said. Then he found an excuse to leave the room.
John started pushing the right sleeve of the dressing gown to the elbow.
“I’m gasping over here, John. You gotta give me
John blushed.
“We’ve . . . reached an understanding.”
. And thinking you felt the same made it was the happiest week of my life. It was only
He was afraid of his father, most days. But that was an embarrassing admission, so he didn’t. Admit it, that is. Not even to Harry. Especially not to Harry. She was so
While Sherlock proceeded to reposition him, and coach him in everything from bent to locked elbows, John asked, “He was rather good at this, wasn’t it?”
“I don’t know.”
“Are you saying you’re not from this world?”
Looking back over his shoulder, John felt something in himself soften. “I do. And I think that’s wonderful.”
Sherlock shook his head no. He had wanted to, before, with the other John, but it had never been right. Not then. But now . . . he was ready. He wanted this. He positively trembled with wanting it. John claimed his mouth, adjusted his knees. He went for the bedside lube, warm, silky, slicky lube, bought weeks ago but barely used. John was generous.
“What’s wrong with my plan?”
Byron asked the question John could not.
times do I need to say it? You
“Um. Sherlock?”
Sherlock pulled back but took John’s face in his hands. He turned his head left and right, and though his touch was gentle, his fury only escalated. The contusion on the side of his face alone! John had been struck, and struck
“Recreate the conditions,” John echoed.
“Scotland Yard never quits, you know that. I’ll have boys working through the night. But
“Come with me,” said Sherlock. And John’s eyes went wide with astonishment. “That is, I’d like you to be there. When I talk to her. She’ll find the presence of another Omega comforting.”
“No. Not that either.”
. No one wants to engage in a dog fight, John. They can be messy affairs. In any case, the official challenge will be printed in every paper in London tomorrow and repeated on the news. They can’t avoid knowing about it.”
She had no idea just how right she was. “Mrs. Hudson!” he exclaimed.
On the other side of the glass, John smirked. Then he scribbled some more.
“My usual isn’t there anymore, so just
inside your palace. Do you really think he hasn’t dedicated an entire chamber of his expansive heart to
Over half a billion hits. He gaped. He scrolled. But two curious words kept popping up again and again:
John had sat the entire interview in rapt attention, practically poised on the edge of his seat, knees bouncing together. Now, he was reeling. “You really think a stranger just, you know, replaced his wife? Without anyone even noticing?”
That left just one more, plus the first grounded Alpha who was regaining his footing. He felt himself seized from behind once more, two large arms wrapping around his torso and pinning his arms to his side. The first Alpha was suddenly before him, mouth covered in the blood gushing from his nose and eyes alight with rage. He balled a fist, and John braced. Half a second later, it smashed into his face, but his lax body slipped through the ring of arms, and there, on the ground, he kicked both heels into the shins of the Alpha so hard they too probably cracked.
John’s face split into a smile.
another explanation for all of this.”
Apparently, both of them liked that.
“Think harder, love. It’s not that I wouldn’t tell him. It’s that I
“John is not a spectacle, Dr. Stapleton.”
John nodded slowly. “And your pack includes . . .”
John watched him as he disappeared down the hallway and didn’t move until he heard the soft click of the bedroom door. He was stunned at the things he had heard. It was feasible, he supposed, that a world existed with only two sexes. It was entirely possible that Taured was gone and Portyoogal stole land from Spain. And he could even make himself believe that cats talked and little girls fell down rabbit holes. But it was impossible, utterly inconceivable, that there existed a world in which John Watson did not love Sherlock Holmes.
Then, without so much as a fare thee well or screw thee sideways, he ended the call.
“Thank you for coming back to me,” he whispered.
“You were dreaming,” said Sherlock, still not letting him up.
It was morning. The day of the day.
John did get faster, stronger, better. But not enough. Dad shouted, he screamed, he made him work harder, harder, and it never seemed good enough. And when it wasn’t good enough, Dad got mean.
is why he is sorry. He was put in an impossible situation. Sleep with Sherlock, or wind up in hospital.”
and caught him in his arms.
“What about my blood? What about Harry?”
He decided to get pissed. Straight-up, bleary-eyed, sour-stomached, just-roll-me-into-a-corner kind of pissed. The sun had set by the time he left the bridge, and he was miles from Baker Street and didn’t even care. He had his wallet, and he had enough cash on him to buy enough alcohol to erase the last twenty-four hours, and maybe the next twenty-four hours, if he was lucky.
right now. Can’t you smell it?”
“You need to stop.”
If she had been and ordinary woman, or even a Beta in this world, it would have stung, he would have winced, and that would be that. But she was not Beta. She was Alpha, he was Omega, and the blow made him feel like she had just slapped his face off his skull. Twice.
Don’t you love each other?”
“John said the resulting impact would provide the required jolt—”
“You mean, like, dimension hopping?”
“My John?”
Despite his then-orgasmically addled brain, he could now recall each, hrm,
In the meantime, he held Sherlock’s hand, and steeled himself.
Sherlock knew John had nightmares. He heard them, sometimes, through the ceiling. Some nights, they wore themselves out and John continued sleeping. Other nights, he shouted himself awake. Once, he even fell out of bed. Because John never brought them up, neither did Sherlock, and so both pretended like there was nothing wrong. But Sherlock never felt right about that. He had always felt like he should be able to offer some sort of help.
give him hell for being an Omega, John thought. And this probably meant that she wasn’t one herself. Reading further, he learned that this was true: Harry was a Beta-X who fancied Omega-Xs. He wondered vaguely: was that still considered lesbianism? Then again, what he and Sherlock had, erm, yeah,
“You never did say . . .”
“You don’t think I’d let those Alphas get away with it, do you, John?” Sherlock said. “With the footage Mycroft brought me, we’ve been able to identify two of the three, and chances are, the third with the nose injury found himself at Alpha Emergency last night. He’ll be easy enough to hunt.”
“Pleasure to meet you, Mr. Holmes,” she said, gripping Sherlock’s hands and gesturing him to sit across from her expansive, heavy, dark-wood desk. As if from old habit, Sherlock first pulled a seat back for John before seating himself, and John, out of new habit, pretended not to feel emasculated.
Sherlock maintained a huffy silence, of which John decided to take advantage.
She blanched. “What do you mean?”
“If something can happen once, it can happen twice. Sure. Why not?” He leaned in conspiratorially and lowered his voice. “Why did you come back here today? And without Sherlock?”
“Sure. Prudence.”
A strangled, startled, frantic cry escaped John’s throat at the altogether unanticipated assault. He wriggled and writhed, trying to push Sherlock away, but Sherlock only pressed him closer. With one arm locked around his torso, his other dragged down, across John’s exposed arse, and hooked a thigh, dragging his leg up and around Sherlock’s waist. Then, in a single, fluid movement, two fingers sank into him, deep. He gasped, and with the sharp inhalation, he was slammed with Sherlock’s scent, and his brain momentarily went offline. Whiteout. He smelled
“Is that all then?” John asked, and Sherlock’s feet halted beneath him. It was back: the tight voice, the tendril of anger. He retreated two steps to stand by John’s chair.
Sherlock took stock of her quickly. She hadn’t come from Exeter. At least, not directly. She was staying in town: Her shoes were polished, which suggested that she’d had them shined recently. An airport, perhaps, but more probably as a service at her hotel. Yes, her skin smelled of inexpensive soap common to everything from Hiltons to Holiday Inns. And there, in the front shallow pocket of her handbag, the top edge of a door key to a hotel room.
“An Omega did.”
He was one breath away from complete meltdown. So this is what a sexual identity crisis felt like. Before this, he’d never so much as kissed another man, let alone had one so fully *ahem* seated inside of him for long stretches at a time, and certainly never in his weirdest, wildest, wonkiest fantasies was that man his married-to-his-work asexual flatmate of two years.
“Yes.
“What, have the pair of you forgotten how doors work?” he asked, none the wiser, and he pushed directly into the morgue.
She seemed to be bracing, fighting to control her breathing, but she nodded again and began to speak.
“But . . .”
“Huh.”
his repeated invitations!—before he was even out of his pyjamas. He was stunned to see she had her own key.
“John?”
“That you were so bored.”
“When you were out being chased by a rhinoceros, I was learning more about the life I’d been dropped into. So shoot me, I read John’s journals.”
On the other, he feared being labeled insane, like, legitimately insane. It was a frightfully real possibility. He had done the research in his overabundant free time. In this world, Omegas weren’t considered terribly stable. They had been known to
Sherlock gasped. In two-point-two seconds, Sherlock had scanned him head to toe and read the story. John was hurt. He sported a large, swelling bruise on the side of his head, just below a bloodshot eye. Dried blood lined his lips and dotted his chin. His fair, golden hair was disheveled, the sleeves of his coat were grimy, and his trousers were scuffed with dirt as well. And his left hand was fisted tightly, but blood was seeping between the clenching fingers and dribbling to the floor.
“Yes, I read it.”
“And where was Sherlock when this was all going down? Why were you alone?” He didn’t get a chance even to squeak before she kept going. “I can’t even count them anymore. How many
He grabbed Sherlock’s face, kissed him again, but pushed off from the mattress and rolled so he was now on top, pinning Sherlock to the sheets. Sherlock stared up at him, eyes widening with excitement, his pupils large and black. Sitting straight, knees on either side of Sherlock’s waist, John grabbed the back of his white t-shirt at the neck and pulled it over his head, casting it aside. He bracketed Sherlock with his elbows, kissed him hungrily, then said in a husky voice, “Hold onto me.”
“All right, then,” said the librarian. “What is it?”
True to his word, Sherlock gently pulled John’s head to the right and opened his shirt collar wider to expose the bond mark between his neck and shoulder. Then Sherlock dipped his head. He softly scraped his teeth against the skin—John’s breathing hitched—as he searched for the mark. When he found it, he began to press his teeth down.
The other John wiped away tears of happiness.
“Like coming into sync?”
people feel?”
“This
And now, here he stood, his body betraying him in the form of a Beta male. The cock was one thing, but just to be sure, he dropped his trousers, crouched down, and prodded himself with his fingers. He was dry, tight, and resistant. Nothing close to a spark of pleasure. He pulled his trousers back up and began to sob.
. Come on, you’re cleverer than this. What can you deduce about his heart?”
John glanced up at the sky. It was still full daylight, so it’s not like Sherlock had anything to worry about. Not like before, at the very least.
John rolled onto this back, smiling. “Molly had the babies?”
At last, Sherlock straightened and pulled off the latex gloves. “She’s Irish, came to London for New Year’s Eve, had too much to drink, and stumbled into the street and got hit by an oncoming car. You can see flecks of windscreen glass in her hair. Also, the car was dark blue. It’ll have a cracked windscreen. Obviously. The driver panicked and dragged her broken body here, behind this Indian restaurant. Simple. Honestly, Lestrade, learn to detect, why don’t you?”
The haze lifted; like the scent, it had no staying power without a proper bond.
“I shouldn’t have said—”
“No!”
What he did not know, yet, was what she wanted with him.
He didn’t get far.
“Well, it’s a rubbish question.”
She thanked him, and he helped her slump down a little further into the bed and covered her with the blanket, the better to sleep.
“John Watson!” she cried, her face purpled with fury. In her hand, she held a crumpled newspaper.
John could see that Sherlock wasn’t buying the ghost explanation, though he wondered himself if it might have an element of truth to it. But maybe that’s just because he was stupid. He kept his teeth glued together, certain he shouldn’t talk.
“John,” said Dr. Stapleton, setting before him a bowl of microwaved mac and cheese, “it’s dinner time.”
“Of course, dear! Don’t tell me you’ve been down there all day.” She laughed at the absurdity of the thought. “Anyway, haven’t you got a case on?”
“John—”
Curious, he lifted the page and began to read:
“Hands-s,” John stuttered. “M-mouth. Tongue. Aaah, I don’t care, any of it, all of it.”
arse, by the way.”
John 2:
Someday, Sherlock thought, he would have to thank Irene Adler for her deception.
Sherlock. But which answer was Sherlock asking for? Which truth did he
with the experience of shifting worlds
“Hello, Sherlock,” John said, letting the door fall shut behind him. Oh, he was so close, he wanted to cry. But his feet were now frozen to the floorboards.
“All right. Let’s do it again. Come at me.”
“Do you want to talk about it?” Sherlock asked.
In the corner of his eye, he saw that Sherlock was staring, jaw slack with astonishment, something he didn’t know he was capable of inspiring in the man so much more impressive than himself. At Sherlock’s expression and Lestrade’s words, John flushed. He flicked the safety on, lowered the weapon, and passed it back to Sherlock.
“You’re still on edge. Jumpy.”
Might this be something he would always get to wake up to?
. God, it was like a jackhammer had taken a fancy to it, almost like he had been . . . struck. No, stuck. Stuck? Struck? Stuck.
“What do you say to those Alphas, Omegas, and even Betas who are angry about these drugs, calling them unnatural and dangerous?”
“I did.”
John was halfway into his jacket and moving toward the door, following. He looked between the two men, a little befuddled, then answered, “I’m coming, too.”
“One.” He glanced toward the door. It was a little thing, but he hoped Sherlock would understand. “I want my name on the bell. Next to yours. I live here, too.”
, a first in the history of dog fights, that meant that other Omegas would rise with him in glory.
“Stop asking. It’s all fine, all of it, I promise. Don’t stop!”
just boosted his autoimmune system, after all. “But I should probably take you to the Omega Emergency Department. Just to be absolutely sure everything’s okay. Besides, I’m going to file a report, and I’d like exact descriptions of the three—”
Startled, he jerked away, twisting his body so his back was now against the window.
In a flash, John caught sight of Sherlock, some twenty feet away, wrestling his opponent on the ground. It was impossible to tell who was winning, because in the next second, Trevor was fully on top of John, hands around his throat, squeezing. If the crowd could have turned into a fire-spitting dragon, it might have done so at that moment. His situation was precarious. He knew he had only seconds. But with his wits about him, and with Trevor’s two hands occupied in strangling him, the rest of the Alpha was left exposed.
.” He laughed shortly. “So like a Holmes, to dissect me at a glance, filet me and lay me bare.” With a trembling hand, he rubbed the back of his neck, searching for a scar he didn’t know existed. “Goddamit, why did you have to say any of that?”
John let out a loud
“I’ve already contacted a professor of quantum physics whose work in multiverse theory is unparalleled.”
“You don’t get to say no.”
“Her name is Stapleton! Jacqui Stapleton! She tranq’d me and abducted John from the hospital! She’s the one who wrote the note! He’s in danger! Why aren’t you looking for him!”
“You’re shirking from my touch. Is it because of what they did to you?”
psychic, but I didn’t want you to know it, I would just make something up! I would lie! You would discover it was untrue, conclude I didn’t have
Then he closed his eyes, and passed out.
“No problem, Greg. Sherlock and I will be heading home now, text us if you need us for anything tomorrow,” John said, nodding to Lestrade. Lestrade nodded back, and John turned to Sherlock before saying, “Shall we?” Sherlock smiled at John and nodded, turning to walk towards their flat.
“We didn’t find a body,” Lestrade said quietly, “and none of them were in the hotel when we went to check, so there’s a good chance that she’s still alive and they’ve moved her.”
So, a regular Tuesday afternoon for them both.
There was a faint knock on the door, and John pushed away the thoughts and descended the stairs from 221b, pulling out his wallet to pay for his food. He opened the door, his gaze still down at his wallet as he pulled out the cash he knew he had stored in there. His heart stuttered to a stop when he heard a familiar voice say, “Hello, John.” His head snapped up and he was met with the sight of Sherlock (hair too long, face gaunt, bags under his eyes, shoulder bunched up in visible discomfort, at least two new scars on his face) with a chinese take-out bag in his hands, an unsure smile on his face.
The thought made John smile sleepily as he drifted off. Just before succumbing to the waves of sleep slowly lapping at his eyes, he could’ve sworn he heard a little, soft ‘I love you too’ said back to him in a sleepy voice.
“Stop it!” John said, panic fully seeped into his voice, the legs of the chair sliding around on the ground with sharp scraping sounds. Lifting his head slightly, Sherlock could see tears forming in John’s eyes through his shaky vision, could see his chest heaving with ragged breaths.
John’s vision went red. His hands shook. Every muscle in his body clenched in an effort to not run after the man who did this. Tears sprung to his eyes.
“I agreed to be your best man, I never could say no to you, but it hurt, it hurt so fucking much that you chose her over me but that didn’t matter because I just wanted you to be happy, happier than I could ever hope to be, because I don’t really deserve to be happy, do I?” Sherlock’s breathing was getting concerningly fast.
With that, he took one more small look at John before shamefully walking out of their flat, his head bowed low, his breathing short and choppy.
When Sherlock burst into the shop and growled when he saw the state of John, the good doctor only smiled happily at Sherlock, extending his free, shaking hand. Sherlock rushed over, pulling John’s cold hand close to his chest, seemingly understanding that John’s ribs were not to be moved by someone who wasn’t a medical expert. Lestrade walked through the door at the same moment that Sherlock bowed his head low, pressing his warm lips against John’s cold hand, trying to warm it up with his breath.
“Let’s go all the way back to little teenage Sherlock, shall we?” John saw Sherlock swallow roughly and minutely shake his head, obviously avoiding John’s eyes. “Poor little Sherlock, all alone at school without his big brother to help him. He was so different, with his advanced brain and quick deductions, but he could handle it,” Mycroft said, inching closer and closer to Sherlock in an intimidating way. “Well, he certainly thought he could handle it. Then Victor Trevor came along. Do you remember him, little Brother?” Sherlock paled even further and nodded slightly, visibly trying to shrink into a tiny ball where he was standing.
“You could kill me.”
“Of course I meant it, John,” Sherlock whispered hoarsely. “I’ve never meant anything more in my entire life.” John could hear the smile in his voice as he moved his head slightly closer to John’s, causing his breath to fan pleasantly against John’s cheek. A deep sigh came from Sherlock, and John felt a warmth spreading in his chest at the sound. It was beautiful. Everything about Sherlock was beautiful. “God, John,” Sherlock said slowly, “I wish you could feel what I’m feeling right now. I’m consumed with thoughts of you, you have become my entire existence.” John nodded, distantly realizing that he was starting to understand just what Sherlock meant by. His physical proximity was intoxicating, and John was starting to feel drunk on Sherlock. His body heat, his voice, his scent, his everything. All other thoughts drifted away, and John was left with only Sherlock.
“Sherlock, do you. . .” he trailed off and cleared his throat before saying, “do you need to talk about it at all? It might help you if you, uh, well. You know. I’m here for you. If you need me at all.” John coughed awkwardly, trying to ignore the fact he completely bungled the sentence. Sherlock, somehow, hadn’t seemed to notice the mistake. He was staring off into the distance, worrying his bottom lip between his teeth, tears still threatening to spill over onto his raised cheekbones. John cleared his throat, knocking Sherlock out of his head and back into the present. Blinking a few times, Sherlock stared at John, eyebrows furrowed and face tense.
“I… John, everything will be okay,” Sherlock slurred out before the darkness claimed him completely, and he fell.
“John, why are you afraid of me?” Sherlock said softly, slumping back against the wall, unable to filter his thoughts. It was true, though, and he could tell even in his exhausted, dehydrated state. Usually John would rush to him, ask him if he was okay, admonish him for being such an idiot.
Sherlock immediately began to struggle against his attacker, jerking his shoulders from side to side, trying to kick the man in the shins. However, Sherlock was sleep deprived and his muscles were weaker than normal, and he was overpowered by the stranger easily. Trying to take in a deep breath so he could shout, scream, something, but his attacker tightened his arm uncomfortably over Sherlock’s chest, restricting him from taking in a lungful of air.
“I think that’s quite enough out of you, Mycroft. Leave him alone,” John said, stepping between Sherlock and Mycroft. The man in front of him didn’t listen.
As the Baker Street Boys sat on the floor together, whispering words of love to each other, they realized how thankful they were for each other. No one else would matter, nothing else would matter, as long as they had each other. And they were planning on sticking together for a long while. They loved each other, and that’s all that mattered in life.
“John,” Sherlock said hoarsely, his knees buckling under him. Mrs. Hudson let out a frightened noise and dropped Sherlock’s hand, rushing to John’s side. As Sherlock continued to stare at John, Mrs. Hudson squeezed John’s hand tightly.
“It’s so nice of you to join us! Good thing you didn’t make us wait too long, your detective over there was getting a little restless,” he said, waving at Sherlock with a belittling smile on his face.
“Yes, he makes fun of you. No, you don’t like it. But his insults are small, petty jibes at the food you eat. You can’t- you can’t just go and expose one of the hardest, most traumatic parts of his life like that!” John ranted, tightening his fingers, hoping to God that Mycroft Holmes’ suit would tear under his hands.
It wasn’t a far leap to figure out how they had been led up to this moment, being chased by criminals through a dense forest, the criminals shouting bloody murder at them. Sherlock and John had showed up at their secret laboratory, burned it to the ground, and started running before they had the chance to be captured. The men were persistent, and had chased the men deep into the woods where the foliage was thick and gnarled tree roots stuck up from the ground.
“Christ,” Lestrade said as John pulled away with a satisfied grin on his face, “I don’t know if I’ll ever get used to seeing that. Bloody hell.” John could hear the smile in his voice, though, and reached out to shove him good-naturedly, earning a chuckle from Greg.
Tomorrow is the last day of Whumptober!! I hope you guys have enjoyed sticking around for this little adventure of mine! <3
(See the end of the chapter for
“All done disinfecting, Sherlock,” John said softly, breaking him out of his stupor. “You need stitches, though. Do you need me to numb your face?” Sherlock shook his head no, not trusting himself to open his mouth. John nodded, wasting no time on ripping open the package of nylon thread already threaded through a sharp, curved needle, grabbing it carefully with his needle holder. Starting at Sherlock’s forehead, John carefully inserted the needle into his skin, pulling it out through the wound, then inserting it back through the wound and pulling it through the skin on the other side. Sherlock hissed once more at the pain, but kept his teeth clenched and suffered through it. John carefully tied the knot on the first stitch, cut the excess thread, inspected the stitch carefully, then moved on to the next one, following the exact same procedure.
“Sherlock?” A voice, John’s voice, questioned. “Are you alright in there?” Sherlock’s eyes shot open, and his heart clenched in his chest.
“Hell, he’s in here, Greg!” A frantic voice says, waking Sherlock up from unconsciousness. He suddenly feels frantic fingers crawling over his face, and a quickly-muttered apology before the duct tape on his mouth is roughly ripped off and the fabric is taken out of his mouth. Sherlock coughed and worked his jaw, still feeling hot and cold at the same time, the lights still too bright.
“I don’t need any of that anymore, ‘Lock. It’ll be an honor to retire with you and your bad knee to shuffle around the house with you, dancing slowly along to whatever music you have playing that night. I want to have early nights in with you, and nice lie-in’s when we have nothing to do that day,” John said, meaning every single word. Sherlock opened his eyes and (finally) looked John in the eyes, his eyes watery, his smile shaky. “I’ll still love you just as much when you're old and you have silver hair, and when you wear jumpers just like mine because you’ll need the extra warmth.” Sherlock let out a slightly choked laugh before winding his arms around John, nuzzling his nose against John’s neck. John embraced him back and pressed a soft kiss to Sherlock’s head, nosing around in his soft curls.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock? Are you alright mate?” John whispered, not wanting to barge into the room if it wasn’t necessary. He waited for a few seconds, ear pressed against the door. The only thing he got in response was a low groan, cut off by a sob that echoed painfully in his mind. John took a deep breath and shook his head as if he could get the sound out that way. Fist clenching, John rested a hand on the doorknob, fighting with himself over whether he should just leave the man alone or see what was wrong. Another choked sob followed by more whispers sounded from behind the door, and John furrowed his brow and rested his forehead against the cool wood.
It started out as a normal Friday for John; he sighed and rubbed his hands over his face when he awoke, once again feeling like he had not received enough energy from the amount of time that he had been asleep, but decided not to focus on that and instead pushed himself out of bed and shuffled to the kitchen, his head starting to throb for a reason unknown to him. Sighing again, John popped bread into the toaster and filled the kettle with water, clicking it on before slumping down into one of the seats around the table of 221b Baker Street.
“That’s the spirit!” John said, leaning in to press a sloppy kiss to Sherlock’s neck, causing the man to laugh brightly.
He yelped in surprise when he ran into another body, crashing to the ground from the force of the impact.
“Hey, ‘Lock, look at me please,” John said, running his thumb back and forth across Sherlock’s arm, meeting the man’s eyes when he lifted his head from between his knees. “I know exactly how you’re feeling right now, okay? You don’t need to be ashamed of this, of. . . of any of this.” Offering Sherlock a small smile, John moved his hand to grip Sherlock's hand tightly. A tired, strained smile made its way onto Sherlock’s face. John found himself becoming irrationally mad at Sherlock’s mind. How could one of his favorite features be his downfall?
“Why, isn’t it obvious, Mr. Consulting Detective?” Samael asked, almost in a tone used to talk to a baby. “I want to make you and your little blogger suffer for what you did!” He yelled, his calm, happy facade breaking for just a few seconds. As if on impulse, he reached out and slapped Sherlock roughly across the face. Sherlock didn’t react, but heard John growl from somewhere behind Samael.
Sherlock learned to hate winter after moving in with John. People got sick in the winter, which meant
It was all he could do to stop his hands from trembling.
“Well, as you know, my mind is a speeding train of thoughts, a never-ending trail of observations about the world that I can’t shut off. I get restless. Sometimes I turn to drugs to alleviate it, to turn it off for a little while. Just long enough to make it all stop. Sometimes I-- I don’t need drugs to do that. Your presence, it helps immensely. Your touch helps even more. When I woke up today, with a torrent of thoughts spinning around my mind at unthinkable speeds, I sought you out.” Sherlock paused, moving to sit in a more comfortable position. “After I discovered you were gone, my thoughts and emotions got a bit out of hand. It wasn’t meant to happen,” Sherlock said quietly as if he were ashamed of the fact that his mind had even dared to betray him in such a way as this.
(See the end of the chapter for
“First, I want to see proof of the cash,” the man said lightly, his voice gnawing on John’s nerves. When Mycroft held up the wad of cash, John could swear he saw the man’s eyes light up, his lips turning up into an ugly smile. “That’s what I like to see! Now, just let me send one of my buddies on over to make sure it’s real. No funny business, I promise,” he said in a very fake trusting tone. The hair on the back of John’s neck stood up when the man approached, but when he made sure the money was real, he just nodded to his boss and went back to perching on his crate, buffing his nails on his shirt.
A pause.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock whispered soothingly. “Mycroft and I made sure of it.” John ran his hands softly over the scars on his lovers back, filled with hate for the dead men that put them there.
“Why me?” John asked, glancing over Sherlock’s face, still unconsciously searching for some kind of injury. “What’s so special about me? Why was I given this responsibility?” At John’s questions, Sherlock’s face faded into a deep red color, and he looked over his shoulder, clearing his throat awkwardly.
“Sounds to me like you’re too lazy to get off your fat ass and do it yourself!” Sherlock snapped, bearing his teeth. “Maybe if you stopped thinking about eating so much, then you’d have the time to-” Mycroft cut him off with a sharp jab to the floor with the tip of his umbrella, his face red, his eyebrows drawn together in anger.
Sherlock’s right knee was a mess. It was clear to him that whoever had taken Sherlock knew what they were doing when they messed up his knee. The healing process would be long and tedious, and even then it would never completely heal. Sherlock was bound to have a bit of a limp on good days, and maybe even be stuck in the flat on the bad ones, unable to put much weight at all on it. John turned to Greg, asked him to call an ambulance (Greg was already on that, they were on their way), and John faced Sherlock once more, stroking his cheek softly and sighing. “I’m sorry ‘Lock, this isn’t going to be easy,” he muttered.
“The what?” he asked stupidly.
energy transference?”
He let the thought pass. After all, he knew Sherlock moved as quickly and brilliantly as electricity, and John would only slow him down. He wasn’t nearly as able-bodied, not to mention able-minded, and that was fine. He knew where, when, and how Sherlock needed him, and he was content with that, too.
“Oh. No, Sherlock. That wasn’t him. That was me.”
“Yes, Mr. Watson?”
“Omegas don’t get wasted. Omegas end up dead. I swear to you, John, if you ever do something so stupid again, I won’t think twice. I
But even a bonded Omega, on his or her own, wasn’t safe from a pack. The sad truth of it was, Alphas outnumbered Omegas two to one, and that meant a lot of unbonded Alphas being slowly driven mad with the craving to bond but without the hope of a partner. An Alpha needed knotting, almost as badly as an Omega needed it, and they would go to almost any lengths to get it. Popular opinion—inaccurate, but generally accepted as true by the masses—said that the longer Alphas went without knotting, the more feral they became. Tools and toys and artificial Omega dolls helped, but it was nothing compared to the real thing. Because of this, most Omegas endeavored to find a bond-mate by eighteen—the sooner the bonding, the safer the Omega. Granted, not all of them bonded so early. That’s what the Omega Houses were for. Even John, his perfectly suitable John, was over thirty before he and Sherlock found one another. But even before his bonding, John had always,
With his Omega away, Sherlock knew he wouldn’t be able to sleep. So he stayed awake in the sitting room, rereading John’s notes from the night before, scratched out over several pages of lined notebook paper. Here, John had written out everything he remembered about Dr. Stapleton’s theories, and taken notes on preposterous theories about ghosts and some fictional little girl named Alice.
“I’m not familiar with it,” said Sherlock.
, John thought glumly, positioning the stand where he remembered seeing it last, and placing the violin on the floor beside Sherlock’s chair. As much as he wanted to believe in Sherlock’s latest scheme, he honestly had no faith in it.
John himself wasn’t so sure he was altogether sane.
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
“You? Teach
Sherlock didn’t remember ever constructing this closet. He’d never seen it before. But it was dark and tight, and but for John, empty.
Sherlock chuckled. “I’m just glad you’ve worked it out.”
Two seconds later, the phone lit up. Sherlock was calling.
On a pad of paper, John had listed them out, categorizing them as cases accepted or rejected, and if accepted, solved or unsolved, and if unsolved . . . John had made notes, speculations, as to why not. Not all of it made sense though. For instance, under John’s note for “Van Coon,” he had written isolated phrases, like jade hairpin, and London A-Z, but Sherlock didn’t know what they meant. That idiot Dimmock had wanted to rule Van Coon’s death a suicide, but Sherlock knew it had been a murder. The left-handedness was clear as day! But though he made substantial progress on the case, including discovering the Chinese ciphers and number code outside the Lucky Cat and getting help from the Chinese girl (Sue Lyn or Sun Li or something like that) before she was killed, he didn’t have much to go on other than a few random characters, and he never discovered what the code was based on. Sherlock never did find out what those Betas Van Coon or Lukis had been smuggling. But at least he had discovered who was responsible.
And John found himself escorted numbly into an examination room and set on the edge of a hospital bed while Mike pulled up a stool.
was to put his father to rest. You could have given him that, Sherlock.”
What, like, a sex marathon? Every forty-one days. Huh. Well, that’s, um, pretty . . . regulated.”
When he returned, it was with a look of steely resolve. “Front,” he declared with an attitude of determined professionalism, and he squared off in front of John, preparing to examine the bared front. Collarbone. Pectorals. Abdomen.
“What? Sitting?”
John blanched, not sure he had heard right. “If I still want— You mean, you want me to stay?”
, John, don’t— Why can’t you— It’s not even— Just shut up for a moment, won’t you? Listen to me. The reason this isn’t working”—he indicated the mirror—“has nothing to do with what you wrote, okay?”
Sherlock felt himself caving. Illogical. But he found he couldn’t help it. Those big eyes, that pouting mouth . . . “
This close, John’s eyes were clear and blue. Had they always been so blue? He began to feel a tingling in his fingertips and a swirling of blood in his stomach.
been with women.”
“Should I have,” John answered dully. He took two steps, en route to collect Sherlock’s shoes and put them away, when he stopped short. What the hell did he think he was doing?
From where he sat at the desk, Sherlock glanced quickly to where John sat placidly in his chair, doing a crossword. He was still feeling badly about last night. John had been feeling amorous and tried to initiate more intimate activities, but Sherlock put him off; and although John didn’t exactly sulk (he was not the sulking type), Sherlock could tell he was a little wounded. But his guilt extended only so far: he had a suspicion, and he was looking for ways to prove it.
“Hands in the air!” he cried. “And face the other way.” When they hesitated, he added, “I’ll give you to the count of one before I start popping off rounds and shattering kneecaps!”
“And let me guess. The flash drive was never recovered.”
But he didn’t go shopping, and he didn’t go for a haircut, even though he was feeling a little shaggy around the ears and not quite as kempt as he preferred. Instead, he went north, looping Regent’s Park via its long, curving paths. The park was unpopulated, quiet, perhaps quieter than he had ever known it, and that suited him just fine. He didn’t want to deal with other humans. So he walked aimlessly, locked inside his own mind, not even realizing how he favored one leg and was limping along until a sharp, phantom pain just above right knee flared to life. Psychosomatic, he told himself. A remnant of a different universe that wanted to kill him. Maybe he was simply destined for misery. He sucked in his breath, cursed silently, and made his way to a park bench to rest and watch the ducks.
On Baker Street, where John and Sherlock watched the press conference on the telly, Sherlock clapped John on the back and then squeezed his arm, pulling him in for a hug.
For what felt like long minutes, they lay there in silence. Sherlock never removed his hand, only continued a soft, patient stroking of skin and hair, a language John returned. When the breathing stabilized, and when the color receded from his cheeks, John began to talk.
“You make your own what?”
Standing hands akimbo and squaring his shoulders, he said shortly. “Fine. What do
“You said soldier.”
“I’ll be the judge of that,” he said. Ignoring the flash of objection in John’s eyes, he pulled back the shirt and revealed the scar: a dark pink ragged circle of slightly raised flesh, about the size of a fingerprint. It was a fascinating knot of gnarled skin, twisted but beautiful, and he longed to touch it.  “Is it sensitive?” he asked, voice husky.
to fight?”
He had debated inviting Lestrade out at all. But, he reasoned, one way or the other, Lestrade and what little he knew about John and Sherlock’s short-lived fling would prove critical to what happened next. That was, if John wanted to set things right in the other John’s life, before turning it back over to him, Lestrade was key.
“But what if you hadn’t been there?”
To Sherlock? With his gangly body and floppy hair and dopey smile and general obtrusiveness and unlikability?
She pushed back her hair to show John. It looked better, granted. No more inflammation, at least, although the skin itself was a sad sight. Molly seemed in better spirits, too, though John couldn’t help but wonder how much of it was an act.
Sherlock turned away to hide a smirk and said dismissively, “Just making it the way you like it. Black, with just three drops of vanilla on the bottom of the cup before pouring.”
Sherlock shot him a pained look. The anger, unsustainable, was melting slowly from his weary eyes. “Look.” Seeming to regret his outburst, he sank back into the chair. “I know you want to go home. And of course I want him back. If I never—” His voice caught. A few seconds passed before he could continue. “If I never see John again . . . Just the thought makes me want to throw
It was clear that Sherlock was not very adept at sentiment. Intimacy and love were like foreign languages to him.
John stared. He didn’t even know what those words meant. “No,” he said at last.
“Wish I could tell him how well it’s working out,” John said with a gasp, tightening his fingers in Sherlock’s curls (Sherlock moaned. Oh, how he loved when Sherlock moaned.) and stirring their cocks together between thin layers of clothing.
“But not impossible,” Sherlock countered. “You look like John, you sound like John.” He lifted his hands and placed them on either side of John’s head, anchoring him there as he brought their foreheads together and breathed in, one slow, loud inhalation. “You
“Mm, a damn shame.”
play?”
“You,” said Sherlock, and John shivered at the rumbling bass in his voice, “
. She meant Byron, I think, but she
It was the one piece of the puzzle that he could not fit into the narrative of illness, and though it bothered him to the extent that he stayed up at night thinking about it (and simultaneously trying
“Deal,” she said. She threw in one more chip. “I call.”
At last, the sitting room was his.
“It’s not that. Exactly.”
In his own world, an Omega walking alone in Hyde Park, even during the day, was basically walking under a red light. Here, though… There were no signs reading “Alphas: Keep Your Omegas in Sight at All Times” or “Omegas: Did You Know 1 in 3 of Your Sex is Molested in This Very Park Every Day? Never Walk Alone.” Instead, he read things like “Keep London’s Parks Clean: Pick Up After Your Dog” and “Lost? Take a Free Map.” And while there were emergency stations in both universes—tall blue poles with a big red buttons where one could call for help—one read “Omega Urgent Rescue,” whereas the other read simply “Emergency.”
“Now then. Theory two is even less plausible: clairvoyance.”
Emergency?” said John. He shook his head firmly. “Fuck that, I’ll stitch this myself.” He turned to the sink and twisted the tap. “Granted, I’m a leftie, but I’ll manage.”
“You’re
“A nightmare.”
Damn it! There was more he wanted to say, more questions he needed to ask. But there was no more time. He wrote quickly:
When their breathing had steadied again, and Sherlock lay at John’s side, he ran a hand slowly across John’s sweaty brow and kissed his cheek.
“I feel her. Like poison. Caustic.” Then he started nibbling one of Sherlock’s ears.
“And if they don’t show?”
John didn’t know what was wrong with him.
“Are you even listening to me?” John turned in his seat to face the camera directly. “Johnwatsonblog.co.uk. I’ve started a website. If you’re an Omega, and even if you’re not, check it out. I don’t need my voice filtered through people like
“You like me, John.” When he noticed that the words rushing out of his mouth did not, in fact, form a question, he tacked on a hasty, “Don’t you,” but without the proper inflection of an interrogation.
“Violin.”
. There had been that one evening, about a year after their bonding, when John finally told him about the trauma of his one and only estrus poisoning, owing to the incompetent Alpha Service. He was embarrassed by it, but more than that, he had been scared. He had spent the rest of the evening curled up in Sherlock’s lap, allowing his Alpha to stroke his back and his hair and whisper assurances that he would never have to suffer like that again, not now that Sherlock was in his life.
for your incredible light, to give it focus and purpose. What am I to you, Sherlock? Besides a warm body you make use of every forty-one days, I mean.”
“—importance, yes, it always is. And as always, I’m rather full up at the moment.”
upset, do I? Yeah? Well you—you smell like a cock. I mean! A knobhead. No! A wank— Shut up. You smell like an
“If it’s a choice between me and
“Seventy-two seconds.”
The taxi rolled to a stop, and Sherlock shifted forward in his seat to pay the driver. But he continued addressing John.
“I . . . haven’t the faintest, Sherlock.”
Her wet eyes grew round with astonishment. “Who’s we?”
John’s face fell into his hands, and Sherlock heard him murmur to himself, “This is so fucked up.”
“A fight he’ll win,” said John, “before challenging you to the same. He’s going to rip your throat out, Dr. Stapleton, in front of all of Britain.”
“John Watson,” said Sherlock, his eyes sparkling, “you wonderful, you brilliant—”
With a gentle tug on Sherlock’s arm, he drew him to sit on the bed.
John summoned all his courage and sat up. He cast his eyes around the floor, looking for his clothing, when he remember that it was all there already, in the dresser. That’s right. In this hyper-realistic dream space that had him trapped as surely as he had trapped Sherlock up his—
At last, he grabbed his coat and headed for the door, not knowing that just seconds after it closed behind him, John’s eyelashes began to flutter.
And then, the northern bank. On hands and knees, he crawled out of the water, across mud, flint, and dried weeds. There, he collapsed, panting hard, his muscles weary and unwilling to move another inch. Flipping onto his back, he stared up at the black sky, its twinkling stars barely visible through the light pollution of the city, but he could still see them. He shivered. His breath rose as fog, evidence that he was alive.
fingers and twisted them like knobs.
Sherlock smiled at the thought, eyes roving over John’s face from hair to eyes to mouth. “Those are some very lucky Sherlocks.”
“Take the bed.”
What was
Sherlock sat in his chair, fingertips pressed together as he regarded John thoughtfully, like a puzzle that needed solving. “I thought you’d never find me,” he said.
I can still be of help! I can, I don’t know, take notes, or interview people, or, or, well, I’ve some practice firing a weapon now, and I can learn other things, like first aid and Morse code, I mean, I’ve read
Mycroft found his voice first, which was thin with anger as he lifted his chin and said, “Sherlock, get your Omega under your control
When he stepped into 221B, the curtains were already drawn closed, the lamps already lit, and the stool already set in the centre of the room. And with it, Sherlock.
“Seriously, John, why are you even asking? Of course you will. I
“Yes.”
He coughed behind a closed fist. God, please let this be over soon. “Three days.”
is a lot harder to swallow. Until recently, I had no idea what Alphas and Omegas even were, let alone heats and knots and all that insanity.” He sighed and scrubbed his face with a hand. Then, gesturing to their chairs, he said, “I suppose we ought to talk about this.”
“I mean, where did you get it?”
It also appeared that he was attracted to Sherlock. Of all people.
“Is what all?”
“It’s all right, it’s fine,” Molly said in a rush. “Didn’t much fancy food service, to be honest.”
a country! And the first solid evidence John had yet heard that he wasn’t straight-out-of-Bedlam mad. He caught Sherlock’s eye and tried to communicate that they had something at last, but Sherlock wasn’t looking at him, and hadn’t correctly interpreted the sniffle.
“Please pull the car over. I want to talk to him—”
“No, I don’t, I am simply stating facts. I know very well where he is.”
"That's too bad," John chuckles humourlessly. "Because I know what it does to someone and that's not happening to you. If anyone is going to kill to protect someone they love, it's going to be me."
The Johnson-Haits. Blue-bloods of the highest pedigree, distant relations to the Queen (naturally), and plagued by the personal trouble that comes with old money.  The prodigal son, riddled with drug abuse and social scandals. The daughter, high strung, cold, manipulative. The father, distant, absent. The mother, dependent. It all reeked of melodrama. It reminded him of his family.
He sets down his cup and heads into the stairs, taking them two at a time to John's room before he swings the door open.
He stared at his husband, the two of them slumped together, so miserable and malcontent on this measly noodle house’s roof under the stars that were the same in China as they were in Egypt, Norway, London. The same wherever they were. Sherlock stared back, an aimless smile coming to his face.
"No." He said finally. "Even if it meant that we couldn't be together like I wanted, I wouldn't want you to be alone."
"And it was no easy feat, I'd like to add." Mortimer interjects.
"Oh, and Sherlock?"
"Yes, well. You do have rather byzantine tastes."
He doesn't regret it.
"I want the name of the man who you helped blackmail Howard."
"I guess you don't need me to save you anymore." Sherlock said an hour into their wait, the first thing he had said since the shooting, a calm smirk on his face.
The man pauses, looking over him again. "Your left hand has an intermittent tremor, along with calluses which indicate consistent gun use. You're far too tan for this climate, so active duty must not have been so long ago. Considering the ongoing withdrawal of American military force from Iraq redirected into Afghanistan, I would have to say the latter is more likely for you to have experienced intense and recent warfare.
! Christ, I mean, have I truly done
--//--
The rain had slowed to a drizzle sometime overnight, leaving the sky a watery grey.
.” John said, and the man obeyed, flicking the butt and going back inside without protest. John whirled on Sherlock, frowning. “You were going to drink that boy? Just there in the street?”
“I felt our work in Baskerville was done.”
Mycroft would call it sentiment. Sherlock calls it self-preservation.
"You're right on both counts. I suppose my prowess has rubbed off on you."
“Someone must be. Incidentally, if your evening is free, you will find two tickets to the regatta tonight in the foyer. I hear it will be quite an exciting race. Don't forget your masks.” Artemisia winked, taking her glass and disappearing down into the hidden hallway.
“I’m sorry. For all of this—for everything. You’d still have a home if it wasn’t for me. You’d still—”
He could have tracked Sherlock down. That hurt the most. He had the resources through Mary, but he hadn't done anything.
“Who is he?” John asks, grimacing in pain as he moves to sit up against the hay, the bandages tight around his ribs.
over the
"In Afghanistan, yes."
“You’re too afraid to say it, because that would mean speaking it into reality. Very well, you're always the brave one, so it's time that I say it: you are worried that my perceived infidelity and our reactions to it have damaged our relationship beyond repair. We need to talk about this—we can no longer afford to dance around it and pretend it doesn’t exist when it’s the only thing that’s ever really come between us. John,” He came forward again, crowding into his mate’s space, “the question that we are not asking each other is: is this worth it? Is being together worth the work? Don’t think. Don’t try to be kind to spare my feelings. Just answer.”
“We military men like a bit of crazy. Keeps us sane.” He taps his forehead, handcuffs clinking against chain and broken skin. “Always felt like the most balanced man in the room when Jim was around. Maybe that’s why he tolerated me. Maybe that’s why Watson’s got it bad for you. You both needed a sound board, someone to feed your ideas through until you got to the final draft. But you know what the funny thing is? Despite Jim leaving the reserves for you to track down—my thanks to you for that, by the way, saved me a lot of work—and despite you thinking he gave me some blueprint plan on how to dismember you bit by bit if you returned, he never actually gave me orders to go after you, or Watson. That bit at St. Bart’s was the last job he gave me. All this, this is me, winging it.”
"How…how did he know where you were?"
Sherlock glances to Mortimer, who shrugs.
The canister was out of her hand in a moment, and before she had time to blink he was walking away, back down the hall. “Thank you, Molly. I will see you next time.”
The gyroscope wobbles to stillness.
Moran was waiting for him amid the decaying husks of cars that dotted the car park. He was alone. Hands in his pockets again, blood smeared on his face.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
The floor is littered with the debris of the pseudo-tornado that whipped through their flat, objects swept off the table and books thrown from the shelves in a fit of rage, a search fuelled by jealousy and anger and desperation. Sherlock's equipment lay strewn about the kitchen, mostly intact, although some shattered slides were scattered across the floor.
She does. A man is staring at them from a street corner ahead. He looks quite ordinary, a bit short for his age, young, and well-dressed. His eyebrow arches in their direction and he waves a little condescending wave, as if he’s mocking their stakeout.
"Are you—you're sure?"
“Please, Sherlock,” Mortimer responds with a return of bared teeth. “Call me James.”
like it was a chalk mark he hoped would wipe off before he stood and without another word stalked off down the hall. Part of John wanted to feel hurt, wanted to feel rejected, but he pushed back against it, knowing that it was Sherlock's nature to do things no one understood. But John understood; he understood very well actually.
“I thought I wasn’t supposed to be thinking about him.” Sherlock said, sniffing at the blood before taking a deep sip.
John's heart hammered as he ran across the sand. He hadn't felt this rush, the electricity of life, in ages. Joyrides in the countryside, head hanging out the window as the air rushed past, the feeling of a horse between his legs, the great and fearsome power of it, running for his life through the trenches, boots squelching with mud and viscera and the blood of some poor soul more unfortunate than him. It almost made him laugh, this strange miasma of happiness that bubbled inside him. It made him want to raise his head and howl.
One thought and one thought alone managed to force itself into that fresh empty void that Sherlock could only assume was shock. It reminded him of red hot metal that had been dropped in icy water, the way it felt like he'd been frozen suddenly into a different, immobile state.
“Oh, I can’t—it’s um, up to you.”
Her eyes narrowed. “You suspect my intentions?”
“Christ, nutters, the both of you.” He mutters before turning from the room and leaving.
"A woman as meticulous as this would keep a record book for insurance against her clients. I suggest we start there."
"Maybe he wanted someone to know who he was in case he didn't get out. Maybe he wanted me to know his name so he could remember that he had one."
Silence. He realised he hadn't been talking out loud.
"Is it one you want me to hear?"
“The fire time I saw you was on top of that horse.” He began. “Do you remember? You looked wonderful, John, like you’d been riding for centuries…I suppose by then you had been. I watched you drink from the stag, and I knew, I was sure that I had been waiting for you. I asked you, do hare hunters have names, and you laughed, and I wanted to keep making you laugh forever. And I promised you forever, John, and you said I can never say that word because it means too much, but here I am anyways, saying it, and you aren’t stopping me. So, forever, for however long that actually is…yes…forever…”
"Of course I am." Sherlock says it like it's obvious.
"That is why I do not believe you." Mikheia paused, wading the waters to neutral reception. He continued. "You are in love and you do not want to admit it because it is dangerous right now. But there will be a time when it will not be so. There will be a time for you to love without consequence. You went to Novgorod for a reason. You are here for a reason. And that reason is why love is
"The murderer. I heard him beg for help. He cried out for mercy.
She smiles.
?” His face drops, carved with lines of disgust and cold anger. “Because I know what will get you in the end, and it’s not the drugs and it won’t be on some run-of-the-mill crime bust gone bad. It will be madness. Madness, because the great Sherlock Holmes tried to solve an unanswerable question.”
"What do you want?"
me. Not really."
Mikheia smiled as John shut the door.
"No, that's not what I meant." John groaned, willing his brain to anchor itself back into place as it floated at the end of its tether, bobbing against his skull. "Physical exertion is the least ideal thing to do for a grade one or two concussion. I should be resting, lying down somewhere, not getting a blowjob in the shower, however pleasantly surprising it is—"
"An anagram?"
He shrugged out of the scrubs as soon as he came into the house, despising the cheap fabric and its sterilized smell. Trudging up the stairs, he carefully folded them over his arm, knowing John would have a nagging aneurysm if they were left out.
He knew John had sensed the same, and they let the man be taken away, down off the gangplank as others rushed to help the fallen architect. At present Sherlock couldn’t have given a damn if he were the founder of Rome itself. He much more wanted this creature to show its face once and for all.
He had learned his lesson, and learned it well: being an asset kept you alive longer than being a handicap. That didn’t mean, however, that he liked it, or preferred it over the alternative; that didn’t mean he never had a choice, didn’t mean he’d relegate himself and his existence in terms of how valuable he was.
"There aren't any bullets left." Sherlock protested.
“Flattery gets you everywhere, my dear. To answer your previous question: after our fall, had he known I survived, I’m sure your husband would’ve done everything in his power to fish me out and rip me apart again. The one reason that I have not done the same to him is because it’s not quite time yet. I am waiting for…let us call it…maximum impact. I want you to
"Alright." John shrugged, letting Sherlock pull him down for another kiss before breaking apart as the detective's hands began to move. "Ah, sorry, hold on—" John leaned back, away from Sherlock, and started to work his way out of his jacket.
"Stoicism doesn't have to work all the time." John says softly and Mycroft feels a cornered irritation swell up in that soft tender place.
!” He screams. “Why are you just
The man smiles through bloodied teeth.
! He strapped explosives to people! Innocent civilians!"
“Why don’t you just ask Jim that?”
“Yes.” John said quickly, shooting Sherlock a look over his shoulder. “More or less.”
Two cups of tea sit untouched, tendrils of heat steaming above the cream coloured porcelain.
"Um…good on you, then."
"Obviously." Sherlock mutters under his breath, taking a notepad from the inner pocket of his jacket and scrawling something before showing it to Lestrade.
“No—”
He looks over. Feels a slow smile come to his face.
“Just Holmes for now.”
The eye darted from him, to the bottle, to John, and back.
they hurt him again? Hadn't they done enough last time?
"It's the Christmas season." Sherlock offers.
"It's just you and I John, let's not resort to blasphemy." Sherlock said as he stripped off his dirtied shirt, stained in some areas by John's blood.
“Don’t be an idiot. Of course I don’t,” John huffed, and maybe because he wanted to make him suffer a little for the past months’ grievances he added, “but you weren’t exactly making it easy. Every day there was a little less attention, a little less love in all of it, and I told myself that’s normal, right? I don’t expect you to think of me every moment of every day. We’re not like that – I don’t want us to be like that. But I had to start learning how to live off of the scraps you tossed me and pretend that it was enough, it was like you were forcing yourself to be with me, like I was a
-Ralph Fiennes (In Bruges)
His heart is humming. He rubs at his chest,
The second: The black veins are back. Where they once skittered like trapped insects under John’s skin, now they are clumped like the floating bodies of dead fish.
“When was the last time you saw her?”
“There was no
He pulled out his phone, one hand still on Sherlock's shoulder.
Sherlock stands, throwing his coat over his arm.
"The odds of that happening if you walked into a church are astronomical."
"—Without it how would we get anything done?" Sherlock continued as if John hadn't spoken. "I don't think I could ever not touch you." He said, running his hand along the outside of John's leg. "That was the first thing I wondered when we met at St. Bart's. I wondered how the flesh above your heart felt, right above your breastbone. I didn't know the exact location where the bullet had hit you yet, so I resorted to the general area. When I saw it though, for the first time, I wanted to touch it. Dip my fingers in that crater and feel you respond." He let a finger traces the rim of the scar and John sharply sucked in an inhale. "I don't know how I didn't realise what was happening to me, as my fantasies surrounding your scar grew more overt, more…sexual in nature." Sherlock smiled, as if at some in-joke he had with himself. "It began with wondering what it tasted like—" His tongue flicked out and swiped over the raised skin. "Then the sounds you'd make if I bit it." He let his teeth close lightly over it and John groaned.
“She’s pregnant.”
"I was told I am quite exceptional at drawing. Although, with this injury, maybe not so much anymore."
The black lines seem to form a pattern, a picture, perhaps. She's supposed to represent something. The slashes look oddly familiar, overlapping each other in pert, layered triangles. An angel—but no, if this were religious in nature there would be other signs. No one leaves a body bare when they want to send a message.
“We didn’t rig the ladder, if that’s what you were asking.” John replies, unfazed.
"When you shout at me to make tea or clean your laundry or hand you your phone, that's not so I can live, that's so you don't have to do it yourself. And you know what? I do it because I want to help you. Everything I've done, do, or will ever think of doing is so I can
"An angel." Sherlock answers immediately. "But…that doesn't seem right. It feels
Sherlock's ratio of people he pissed off—to—people in Sarajevo seemed with every hour that passed to be falsely corroborated.
John doesn’t like it. This wounded man, so damaged by that glorious, vicious progeny of earth that should stand together instead of tearing him down. It was wrong, so wrong, that the only being to truly accept Sherlock for who he is wasn’t even of his world. Humans had an inherent capacity for cruelness that he didn’t think he’d ever really understand.
John shoots him an exasperated ‘
"I won't need it."
, what you want, because if you never got it, why would you ever stay with me?"
"The mistress deigns to greet her lowly subjects." Sherlock intoned lowly. "Something is rotten in the state of Denmark."
Mycroft can see the suspicion blooming into a fragile realisation.
, Sebastian fucking Moran, just got angry enough to throw food at him. It was almost too juvenile.
"How does pen ink help you?"
"You're not doing yourself any favours you know."
There it was again. That look as if she wanted to say something else.
His head pounded. His throat tightened as he stared at those broken pieces of his life as they lay on the floor at the man's feet, shimmering weakly in the light, the same colour, the same shining cadet grey as his eyes. He felt his lips move in a fervent whisper.
“See what?”
Because it worked. This had
"Why is the dubious antiquity important?" He asks, eyeing the gaping jaws of the lion's head. "Does the age of the object influence the power of the ostium?"
down on me." He bites, removing a book from the stack on the table and opening it to retrieve a folded piece of paper.
Sherlock said nothing, but moved his hand over the scar on John's shoulder. He shut his eyes. As he exhaled, John felt his breath skim along Sherlock's neck, arched in front of him like a column of white marble.
. He couldn't hear John's sounds of protest or Moran's mad laughter. He only heard the thunder of gunfire, only heard the screech of that blast that sent that small piece of metal into John's shoulder at a high velocity, something that only should have happened the one time, once, before Sherlock had known him, before he had loved him enough to save him and damn the fates that made it happen again.
he’d just thrown it all away, hadn’t he? He’d let himself be fooled by a demon cleverer than he was, let himself be caught off-guard and now John would never be back, never be in his life to say such lovely fragile things again, and it was all his fault, all his fault—
"I never understood how some people don't really get what war is when they experience every day. People are at war all the time. It can be over a parking space or a job or a piece of mountain or valley that has no net value apart from the fact that it's yours and not
Georgiy glances back at Mikheia and turns to John, grim faced.
If he was any form of religious, he would say it hurt in his soul.
"Answer the question and stop hurting my sandwich's feelings."
The other stirs his water innocently. “What do you mean, sir?”
“Oh, more than a few. I only left him alone in the ostentatious ways. No more black cars idling by and all that.”
John’s mind goes blank, the alcohol clearing from his brain, along with everything else. His lack of response seems to be the funniest thing ever, as Sherlock falls in peals of laughter, before abruptly calming to continue sipping on his “non-alcoholic” drink.
“Could I have another of what he’s having for him, and another of what he’s having for me too?” He giggles over his slurred speech, his words coming out all in a jumble but still recognizable. The bartender looks to John, the obviously still coherent one for permission, and John shakes his head no, because no way is Sherlock having a whiskey along with the many “virgin” Iced Tea’s to make his headache even worse the next day. (John does, after all, live with the other man and will have to listen to his hangover whining already.)
It didn’t help that Greg, who persuaded John to get Sherlock drunk once, “
“It’s so pretty.” He giggles some more, sipping at his Long Island Iced Tea. John sighs, slowly sipping at his (he-wish-he-could-drink-more-but-he-is-the-quote-unquote-designated-driver for tonight, even though he’s probably already drunk) drink.
Sherlock seems to also suffer from short term memory loss, because he makes eye contact with John again, except this time slurring out a cheesy pickup line, something along the lines of, “Is your name Google? Because you’re everything I’m searching for!” and breaks into laughter again, this time so hard he’s clutching his stomach and gasping for breath.
John has to grab both their jackets and juggle a drunk Sherlock, the latter which is not an easy feat to handle alone. (It’s at this moment John curses out Greg, but he would never admit that.)
He knows where he’s taking Sherlock for his birthday later this year.
) foggy mind coming up with no available comebacks to that argument.
John elbows Greg, on the other side of him, and hisses, “What do I do?”
(The charade seems much like the plot of the romcom 50 First Dates, which John has heard Molly describe/rant to him in detail multiple times, so well he could probably recite the plot without watching the movie once. Based on his
John can only set is drink down (in fear of dropping it), and stares back at the man he thought he knew so well, but this epiphany of a night makes him realize he may not know his significant other as well as he thought.
) flashes over his face. “I think I’ve heard Molly mention it in her romcom rants a couple times. Sounds gross and sappy.” Sherlock wrinkles his nose in disgust, then walks off.
Going out to celebrate Manchester City’s win in the Premier League yesterday seemed like a good idea. So did everyone else, because the small corner bar that John favourites seemed to be crammed with like-minded football fans, cheering and laughing.
Sherlock wakes up, his hair in a wild halo above his head and legs tangled in the blankets. (Somehow, John notes later, he managed to strip off all his clothes so thank god he didn’t sleep in the same bed. Imagine those bony limbs hitting him in the middle of the night, plus undressing? John would never be able to sleep.) He stumbles out (thankfully) in his robe, managing not to flash Mrs. Hudson as she hands John his morning cup of tea, reminding him that once again, “I am not their housekeeper,” while he reads his daily paper in his normal armchair.
-+=+=+-
The unexpected calmness settles in again, and it seems that Sherlock is acting out his own version of 50 First Dates, because he makes eye contact with John, and repeats the whole pickup-line-laughter-calmness charade again a couple times, with lines ranging from, “I’m not a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.” (cue flirty wink) and, “Is it hot in here, or is that just you?” followed by a clink to his glass, still resting on the (pretty, as described by Sherlock earlier), countertop.
“He gave me a few good kicks in the ribs. Now that I think about it,” Sherlock said, frowning slightly, “I’m having a little bit of trouble breathing. Is that bad?” He tapped his chin for a few seconds before shrugging. “It’s probably fine. What do you think, John?” Taking a deep breath, John closed his eyes for a few seconds before turning fully to Sherlock, unbuttoning his shirt.
This was just not on.
The shouting behind them seemed to grow quieter, and John and Sherlock laughed breathlessly together, not stopping their quick pace despite the illusion of safety.
Gathering all his will, Sherlock tried once more to push himself off the ground, partially succeeding this time, standing up halfway before leaning against the wall for support, breathing deeply and trying to ignore the swimming in his head. “Sherlock, I told you not to move! Don’t make this harder for us,” Lestrade begged, tightening his grip on his gun.
“I didn’t break your heart, you wouldn’t leave me alone so I turned you down, and instead of letting me go you let yourself become obsessed with me. It’s been over fifteen years, Samael, this is your own fault. You should have let me go,” Sherlock said, blood dripping over his lips and into his mouth as he spoke. Samael’s eyes became dark, the smile forming on his lips even darker.
“Sherlock? Where are you, we know you’re here somewhere!” Sherlock hummed just loud enough for them to hear, blinking his eyes open and squinting towards where he heard their voices. They came into his field of vision a few seconds later, and despite the fact they were blurry, he felt some sense of relief to see them.
It was exhilarating, and John relished the slight burn in his lungs and his legs, enjoying the feel of Sherlock’s fingers entwined in his, the detective panting just as heavily as John, his smile just as big, his eyes just as bright.
John had to clench his fingers tightly in Sherlock’s coat to stop him from running after the man who had wrapped his hands around his lover's neck and squeezed with the intention to kill.
Thank you for reading! Comments and Kudos are my lifeblood
“Thank you. For this. For not hating me, and consoling me even though you probably needed it more.” Sherlock’s arms tightened around John as he spoke, and his nose buried itself into John’s neck, nosing at the warm skin there.
“What happened?” It still felt like John’s throat and head were stuffed with cotton, but he wanted answers. He didn’t remember anything up till this point, and he needed to be filled in on why he was dizzy and pinned down to a table.
got to sleep, that is), the nightmares were becoming less adamant and didn’t bother him as much anymore (but they still plagued him more than he would like to admit), and he could go throughout his days with a smile on his face now (so what if they were fake 50% of the time?).
Sherlock ran out of the room, managing to shut the door and lean against it as the tears started running, covering his mouth with his hand so the sobs couldn’t escape.
“I really am sorry,” Sherlock said, flapping his free hand around and around, letting John pull him up the seventeen steps by his arm. “I knew you wouldn’t be too happy with me, and I really did tell him to stop, I even tried to fight him, but he’s got steel-toed boots and they don’t feel very good, so I couldn’t stop him. Too busy trying to catch my breath,” Sherlock rambled on, his gaze darting around their flat as if everything looked different to him. John stopped abruptly, Sherlock running into him with a soft “Oof!” just a second later.
“I’ll buy you whatever coat you want, love. What kind of coat do you want?” John asked, carrying Sherlock towards Bart’s as quickly as he could without jostling the man.
“Let us go,” John said, venom leaking into his voice almost immediately. The man laughed and walked over, leaning down so that he was face to face with John.
They had gotten into a knife fight with one too many people that night, and Sherlock came home sporting a nasty cut for it. It started above his left eyebrow and curved down around his eye, cutting over his left cheekbone, ending around the corner of his mouth. The cut hadn’t gone too deep, but his face was still aching with sharp pains, and he was starting to feel a little light-headed.
“That’s the fifth nightmare that I had this month. Well, the fifth one that I remembered. I had six others last month. One or two the month before that. I had been having them once a month consistently up until recently,” Sherlock said, looking away from me timidly. It was at that moment everything clicked into place; that’s why he’s looked so rough recently. John’s hands dropped onto his lap in shock, his brain racing through the past few months.
A quick glance tells him that most of him was covered in blood, and none of it was from him. His white shirt was soaked through with it, and so were the thighs of his trousers. He racked his brain to try and remember what the hell he might have done, but his thoughts were interrupted by the screeching of police sirens and the sound of loud footfalls racing towards him.
“What’s going on?” John said, his voice causing a stillness to course through the room as Mrs. Hudson and Sherlock stopped what they were doing to look at him. Sherlock, with bags under his eyes and three-day-old stubble on his chin, had his forearm resting against the wall, and Mrs. Hudson had her hands wrapped around his other wrist, obviously trying to pull him away from the wall. The wall that now had a huge, fist-shaped crater in it. John balked, his anger simmering dangerously under his skin. He opened his mouth to say something, but the words died down as Sherlock swayed unsteadily on his feet, eyes locked on John.
When John peeked into the room and saw that no physical harm had come to his friend, he almost let out a long, relieved sigh. He would’ve, if not for the physical appearance of his detective. His face was paler than normal, there was little to no color in his usually full lips, and his hair was soaked almost completely with sweat that was now dripping down the sides of his face and his bare, heaving chest. His fingers were clenched tightly in the sheets, trembling from the exertion, and he was tossing and turning slightly as if he were trying to get away from something. John, ignoring the deep ache shoved between his ribs, reached out a hand towards Sherlock and crept towards him slowly.
, John told himself.
“Oh, thank goodness you’re here John, he’s been like this all morning and it’s frightening me! He’s not looking for cigarettes, and he has a case to work on, so he’s not in need of mental stimulation. This is something entirely different. He’s even torn his knuckles open, what with punching the wall, the poor thing,” Mrs. Hudson cooed, her hands fluttering around to land over her heart. John shifted his gaze to Sherlock’s knuckles and clenched his hands tightly when he saw the ripped, bloody flesh covering them. John, taking Mrs. Hudson by the elbow, started leading her quickly towards the staircase. Whatever was going on with Sherlock, he wanted to resolve it as quickly as he could.
“You’ve managed to summon my very jealous, very strong boyfriend, so good on you for that. But,” Sherlock said, turning towards John, “I do not need you here John. I’ve got this under control, it’s best you leave before-“
“Fucking Christ, Sherlock,” John said, his unbelieving laughter dying down. “I- where have you been? Why the fuck did you fake your death?” He wasn’t sure whether he should have been fuming or on top of the clouds at that moment, so he settled for shock, the sight of his best friend sitting on the floor in front of him, breathing, still settling in as real. Sherlock seemed to immediately draw into himself at the question, as if expecting an outburst from John. When nothing happened, he took a deep breath, his fingers fidgeting in his lap.
“I don’t need sleep right now, John, I need to solve cases! Or hug you, but my skin feels a little prickly right now, so maybe not until that stops,” Sherlock said, stumbling into bed, rubbing his face against the silky sheets. “Actually, this feels nice. I think I’ll lay here for a while.” John tried to hide his grimace with a pained smile, and he turned the lights off before shutting the door and letting out a deep sigh.
“I have to comfort John. I have to help him. He needs to understand I didn’t do anything wrong,” Sherlock mumbled, pushing himself up into an upright position, still panting heavily.
John was right. It wasn’t easy for John, and even less so for Sherlock.
“You aren’t a mess and you are definitely not a failure, ‘Lock,” John said, rubbing his hands comfortingly over Sherlock’s back. “You’re doing everything you can, and you’re working yourself to exhaustion just to do that. It’s a tough case, and it’s been hard on you, especially because… well, I know how cases with children tend to distress you more than others. You’re doing your best, have been doing your best for the past few days. Don’t you think it’s time to take a break?” John could feel Sherlock shake his head against his chest.
It had only been a graze, but a bullet wound is a bullet wound and they all hurt like hell.
“I don’t want to die, John, I don’t want to die, I’m so scared,” Sherlock babbled. Every word that Sherlock said broke John’s heart a little more, and he was afraid that if he didn’t fix this situation soon, it would shatter into a million pieces.
Faintly, he realized that he and Sherlock would have matching tear-stained faces.
Sherlock was abandoned by his friends a few days later. He went home crying the day they refused to talk to him, running into Mycroft’s arms, sobbing into his brother's shoulder. “Oh, Sherlock,” Mycroft said, soothingly running his hands over Sherlock’s small, heaving back. “You don’t live to please others, alright? If you have questions, come ask me, and I will answer better than your teacher ever could. Some people just aren’t equipped to handle people such as you and I.” Sherlock sniffled, wiped the tears off his face, and nodded once with finality. It stung, the abandonment, but that was the end of that.
“Alright, budge up,” John said, nudging Sherlock’s knee with his foot, his hands washed and full of medical supplies for Sherlock’s face. Stifling a sigh, Sherlock pulled himself up into something resembling an upright position, tilting his face up so John could reach it easily. John wasted no time in mopping up the extra blood that was slowly dripping down Sherlock’s face and onto his neck, careful to avoid irritating the wound itself.
After countless minutes of hugging, rocking, crying, comforting, John stroked the back of Sherlock’s neck with his thumb. “Will you let me look at it?” Sherlock didn’t reply, only pulled away from John and looked up, showing his neck to John.
Short, calloused fingers nimbly wrapped a bandage around Sherlock’s forearm with a softness that Sherlock could never get tired of, and a beat later, John asked, “How does that feel?” Sherlock swallowed hard, moving his arm back and forth, testing the bandage.
The giggling from the man in front of him turned into full-blown laughter, biting and cutting, too manic to ever be from a sane person’s mouth.
That didn’t stop his heart from pounding in his chest, and it certainly didn’t stop him from crashing into the sitting room of 221b with concern at the front of his mind.
A few minutes later, Sherlock is quiet. A little too quiet, but John barely notices, too busy telling a very funny story to Lestrade, his brain muddled by alcohol.
It had happened too fast and at the time, everything blurred together, but after the incident, Sherlock remembered everything about it. He had been standing with Lestrade, discussing details of the case, when he saw John flinch and frown out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock’s head snapped in John’s direction as the man rubbed at his neck, eyebrows furrowing when he pulled a tiny dart out of the side of his neck.
“Sherlock, I’m sure he’s going to be just fine. They’ll fix him up good as new,” Lestrade said softly, squeezing Sherlock’s shoulder tightly.
A scream ripped out of Sherlock’s throat, and before John let it register in his mind, he was popping the other joint back into place and Sherlock was screaming even louder, tensing up against John before sagging back and sobbing with more vigor than before.
John could barely hear it over his adrenaline-fueled thought.
“We didn’t find a body,” Lestrade said quietly, “and none of them were in the hotel when we went to check, so there’s a good chance that she’s still alive and they’ve moved her.” Sherlock backed up, still shaking his head back and forth, his head starting to swim.
John ran his hands softly over the scars on his lovers back, filled with hate for the dead men that put them there.
“I’m just glad you’re finally back here, with me.”
“Sherlock, what are you-”
“Greg, I’m going to go look for Sherlock, I’m a little bit worried about him,” John said, not waiting for a reply before pushing himself through the crowd and into the bathroom.
“Fuck, are you-” Sherlock cut him off.
"Really, you should put down that gun. It isn’t getting us anywhere, and honestly, do you want to stand there all night pointing that thing at me? It’ll get dreadfully boring.”
“Already on its way!” Lestrade calls out from somewhere behind him.
John only held him tighter and waited for an ambulance to arrive.
They fell into a heavy kind of silence that was occasionally broken by Sherlock groaning or hissing in a breath, but eventually John finished his stitches up and breathed a sigh of relief before bandaging Sherlock’s leg carefully.
Thank you all for reading! Comments and Kudos are appreciated
The ambulance pulled up minutes later, and carted them both off to the hospital.
“Are you in any immediate danger or in need of medical attention?” John asked.
. I can’t tell you the last time that happened.” John took a bite of his food and nearly groaned at the taste. It was all he could do to stop himself from shoveling forkful after forkful of food into his mouth (as he knew that it would be a little too much for his stomach to take), letting the flavors settle over his tongue in the way that he remembered from before The Fall. He glanced up at Sherlock and frowned when he saw the man was just playing with the food on his plate, pushing it around with his fork, barely eating any of it. His face looked pale and ashen. “Sherlock? What’s-”
“Sherlock,” John said with a coarse quality to his voice, “you… you don’t listen to what Sally and Anderson say, do you? I should have said this so long ago, but--” a lump forced its way into John’s throat, and he had to swallow it down before continuing. “You aren’t a freak or a sociopath, and they’re blind to not see that. You are one of the most beautiful people I have ever met, you feel so much, you’re like-- you’re like a flame, burning bright with everything you have, with everything you do. You save people that need saving, you hate it when you can’t, and they must not even be paying attention to you when something goes wrong and you can’t protect someone you never even meant to put in danger in the first place. They--”
“Well, let's fix that, shall we?” John asked, all the warning he gave Sherlock before he was pulling the man in by the shirt collar, slotting their lips together just so, staking his claim over his detective. John could tell, without looking, that Sherlock’s eyes were wide open in surprise, not used to public displays of affection.
“I’ll go with you,” another voice said. John. “Even though he’s dangerous right now, well, I’d like to make sure he’s okay.” Sherlock didn’t hear Lestrade argue, and soon, he could hear two people walking steadily towards him.
“Sh-Sherlock!” John said, stumbling unsteadily while running towards Sherlock who was kneeling on hands and knees, gasping in breaths and coughing. John fell to the ground in front of Sherlock and pulled him into a tight hug, rocking him back and forth, trying to ignore his own unsteady breathing. Over Sherlock’s shoulder, he saw Greg yanking a struggling man away from them.
“No, John, please, just-- just leave it there for a few minutes, okay? It helps, it…” Sherlock shuddered and tightened his grip around John’s wrist, leaning forward to place his pallid forehead against his knees. Alarm bells were going off loudly in John’s mind, and for a moment his brain was clouded by the still-rising amount of panic filled him. He didn’t know what to do.
It wasn’t difficult to find who they were looking for. They were snickering loudly, slamming things around, and, by the sound of it, shattering glass bottles. John gritted his teeth and walked towards the noise, keeping his hands clenched into his fists and his gaze sharp, just in case a fight broke out.
“If it’s so ‘short’ and ‘simple’,” Sherlock bit out, adding air quotes, “then why in the world can’t you do it?” Mycroft took a step back from Sherlock and massaged his temples as John ignored the brothers as best as he could, placing the tray of tea down on the table.
Hello everyone, thank you so much for reading!! I really appreciate you all sticking with me throughout this adventure, and although it isn't quite over yet, I'm going to miss this after the end of the month! I'm definitely going to continue some of these, though, so stick around for that!
Sherlock let out a loud wail, digging his fingernail into his scalp and falling onto the floor in a sideways fetal position, hot tears dripping steadily onto the floor, sobs echoing off the walls around him.
“Sherlock…” John said, cracking his eyes open to look at the hysteric detective. “I’m fine, Sherlock.” With his good arm, John lifted his hand to place a bloody hand on Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock let out another sob and covered John’s hand with his own.
“It’s quite childish of you to not call me by my name, you know,” Sherlock said as if they were just having a regular chat together. Samael giggled manically, his face falling into a dangerous expression just seconds later.
“Well, look what the cat dragged in!” A man, who seemed to be the leader, said, his voice low and grating. “It’s about time you got here, we were starting to get very bored.” His eyes glinted with something polluted and evil, and his growing grin was no better. “Thankfully, your little mouse helped us relieve some of that boredom. He really is amazing, isn’t he?” The rest of the group hooted and hollered loudly, throwing more empty bottles against the wall.
Samael grabbed a fistful of Sherlock’s hair tightly and yanked his head back, bearing his teeth in a crazed smile that looked more angry than anything. “I’m not going to go easy on you, little ‘Lock,” he hissed, yanking Sherlock’s hair even harder.
“Ah, finally, I’ve been given the great honor of meeting Doctor Watson himself!” The giant burly man said, cracking his knuckles and looming over John menacingly. “I have been waiting for a very long time for this, I have.” John gritted his teeth and pushed himself into a standing position, getting ready to fight the man in front of him.
John felt as though he should step in, but when he opened his mouth to say something, he was cut off by Mycroft saying, “He was scared. He didn’t want to be that kind of different, to be ridiculed in that way by his classmates. So,” Mycroft said, pausing for a moment to sneer, “he did the cowardly thing, and turned to drugs. He hoped they would erase that part of him, or make him forget. They didn’t help in the long run, but for that little bit of time he could forget about his worries and just let go. I bet you didn’t tell the good doctor about Victor, did you? Or the internalized hatred that you felt?” John watched as Sherlock started trembling in his seat, wrapping his arms tightly around his legs. He stepped forward and looked at Mycroft.
Sherlock woke up with a pounding headache, slumped uncomfortably against a brick wall in a filthy alley, not exactly sure how he had gotten there. He tried to remember what had happened before he ended up in the alley, but his mind was hazy and he couldn’t quite grasp the memories. Reaching up to massage his temples, Sherlock paused and squinted at his gloved hands, furrowing his eyebrows in confusion when he realized that there was blood on his hands.
Mycroft started getting busier, pushing Sherlock away more and more often as days went on. He gave Sherlock hugs less often, stopped ruffling his hair, stopped spending time with him in the library. “We all have to grow up sometime, Sherlock,” Mycroft said the one day while scribbling something on a piece of paper, his spine straight and proper. It was so unlike the loose, hunched over Mycroft that Sherlock was used to, the Myc he knew and loved, that tears sprung to his eyes and he ran from the room, ending up in the library. He threw himself into one of the many soft, comfortable chairs in the room and curled up in a ball, crying loudly, a small part of him wishing that Mycroft would walk through the large doorway and wrap his arms around Sherlock, holding him tightly like he used to.
“Of course I’ll stay with you, Sherlock. Is there anything in particular that you need?” John asked, grabbing Sherlock’s thin violinist hands and holding them between his sturdy doctor hands. Sherlock opened his mouth and snapped it back shut again, not sure what he should say. He had never thought he’d actually ask the question, let alone get this far with anything.
John didn’t know how long the hug lasted, but he didn’t really care to find out. Sherlock needed it, so he would give it. When Sherlock pulled away, John wiped the tears off his cheeks, pressing a soft kiss to the bridge of his nose, uncaring about the crowd they had no doubt drawn. It was just him and Sherlock now, against the rest of the world.
“I’m so sorry John, I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” Sherlock mumbled quietly to himself, tears starting to stream steadily down his cheeks. Rocking back and forth on his bed, apology after apology babbled out of his mouth without control. His mind was a mess of confusion, sadness, and fear. He could barely hear himself think over all the noise. There was a small knock on the door, but he didn’t hear it.
“Are they dead? The men that did this to you?” John asked, his voice full of deadly rage. Sherlock pressed a soft kiss to the bridge of his nose and pulled him up into a hug.
Scarfing down his breakfast with a practised ease of someone who just wanted to get eating over with quickly, John pushed himself back onto his feet and towards Sherlock’s room, absentmindedly rubbing his fingers over his temples. He had been wanting to sleep in that room for the past few months, the allure of being able to pretend that Sherlock was close called to him, and had only given in a few days ago. There was a duffel bag full of John’s clothing on the floor, and the bed was a mess from John’s tossing and turning during the night, but other than that, he had left everything how it was. He knew from experience with other places in the flat that it was better that way, easier to pretend that Sherlock was just away for a case and that he would be back that night.
When he went back to school the next day, he kept a stiff upper lip and refused to cry around his former friends. He continued to ask questions during class, but only the ones he knew that the teacher could answer. The rest, he asked Mycroft. His big brother would smile at him, rest a hand on his shoulder, and lead him into the library so they could research the answers together (though, truly, Mycroft already knew a good majority of the answers himself. Don’t forget that he had also been a child with an inquisitive mind). The brothers bonded, and Sherlock soon forgot about the cruelty of his peers.
Instead, John’s face held only kindness and understanding, along with something else that Sherlock couldn’t quite put his finger on.
“Hey, don’t apologize Sherlock. I hate-”
“Well, what’s so bad about that?” John asked, leaning his head gently against Sherlock’s shoulder. “No one’s going to make you retire, love, it’s your decision.” Sherlock took another deep breath, and John felt his hand clench even tighter for a second.
“You’re going to be okay. You’re going to be okay,” Sherlock mumbled. John, through his vision that was starting to turn hazy, noticed glistening tracks making their ways down Sherlock’s cheeks, his eyes rimmed in red. John reached up with a blood stained hand and cupped Sherlock’s cheek, smiling unevenly at the panicked man.
The winter brought fever, and the fever brought delirium. And the repeated breaking of Sherlock’s heart.
“Where did those come from?” John said, an obvious tremor in his voice as he tried to hold back an outburst of emotion. Sherlock’s face drained of color and he pulled the blanket tighter to his chest.
He would come to regret the fact that he was the one that told Sherlock to drink it.
“In the nightmare, we’re at Baker Street having a relaxing afternoon together. I’m in the third person, so I can see both of us and I can’t really control myself. You’re typing up a case for your blog, and I’m comfortably settled at the table, leaning over my microscope. Then, in a flash of darkness, Moriarty shows up and he- he. . .” Sherlock’s voice faltered and tears gathered in his eyes once more. John gave his hands a squeeze and he continued. “He always gives me a gun with this- this sick grin on his face and tells me that if I don’t put a bullet in your heart he’ll kill the both of us. I-I can usually stop myself, and I never shot you before, but tonight I just couldn’t and I raised the gun and I- I. . . I’m so sorry John,” Sherlock said, barely getting his sentence out before a torrent of tears rolled down his face and his shoulders started shaking with intense sobs.
John was tied tightly to a chair with an exorbitant amount of rope, and Sherlock was lying sideways on the cold floor a little ways away, his hands shackled uncomfortably behind him. When he scanned the room and saw the face of a maniacally grinning man lurking in the shadows, his stomach dropped into his feet.
“Thank God you’re awake John, I thought I had lost you,” Sherlock sobbed, pressing his fingers gently into the sides of John’s head, seemingly trying to massage away John’s headache and blurry vision.
“I think I might just have to punish you for that. Hmmm, what could I possibly do? Oh, I have just the thing! You’ll love it!” The voice said, setting Sherlock on edge. Suddenly, the dripping stopped and all was silent. Sherlock nearly sobbed with relief until it started up again, but with something soft playing in the background. It took him a few seconds to realize what it was, but when he did, he felt himself pale and felt his stomach drop.
“Is it twins? No, no, it’s never twins, I should know, I said it and I’m nearly always correct about these things. But he couldn’t have been in two places at once, could he?” Sherlock mumbled quietly under his breath, his eyes shut tightly, hands still moving about carelessly around his head. “A doppleganger? No, that’s not very likely, now is it? Maybe-”
Slowly, however, things started changing, as things are prone to do.
He then remembered that John and Mrs. Hudson were not home. Hadn’t been for the past three days. Mycroft had whisked them away to God knows where when the case started, deeming it too unsafe for them. John had thrown a fit, of course, but with one look from Sherlock he backed down and went with Mrs. Hudson.
Laughing loudly, John slapped the counter in front of him, narrowly missing his pint, too drunk to care that he nearly spilled it everywhere. He, Lestrade, and Sherlock had gone out to a bar that night, and John and Lestrade were telling bawdy jokes and snickering to themselves, taking long swigs of beer every now and again. Sherlock sat with them, smirking everytime John said something funny, but mostly stayed out of the conversation, taking small sips of whatever beverage he had in front of him.
“Well then, it’s good I’ve spent the last two years coming to terms with the fact I was in love with you before you died, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s eyes widened and his mouth fell open, but before he could say anything, John pressed a kiss to his temple and said, “Well, I say I was in love with you, but who am I kidding? I never fell out of love with you, never could.” A smile matching John’s spread over Sherlock’s face, and soon they were laughing again, Sherlock’s head resting on John’s shoulder, John’s nose buried deeply in Sherlock’s hair.
“Mycroft, please-”
“Don’t cry Jawn, it’ll all be okay,” Sherlock whispered into John’s ear, his breath slowing down and becoming irregular, his chest jerking slightly against John’s.
“I want to be big spoon,” Sherlock said, wrestling John onto his side and under the duvet, sliding into place behind him. John let himself be moved by him and relished the feeling of Sherlock slinging an arm over his side, pressing a hand securely to John’s chest, pulling him impossibly closer. They fit together as if they had been made to, their legs tangling comfortably. A giggle bubbled out of John’s throat as he snuggled back against Sherlock’s chest, hugging the man’s arms closely to his chest.
Out of the corner of his eye, John saw the bartender push a drink in Sherlock’s direction before winking at him and gliding away, leaving Sherlock, John, and Lestrade to stare at the drink.
When he came to, he was lounging uncomfortably against the stairs, the door shut, the take-out lying forgotten on the floor next to Sherlock. He was holding a glass of what John assumed was whiskey (he could taste it in his mouth) and was being thoroughly scolded by Mrs. Hudson. John gasped, which quieted Mrs. Hudson immediately. “Sherlock,” John said, nearly breathless, as Sherlock rushed to his side, placing the glass of whiskey on the floor. “Sherlock, oh my God, please tell me it’s really you.” John reached out and threw his arms around Sherlock’s neck, pulling him in for a tight hug, ignoring the way his breath was stuttering.
He was still sobbing when the ambulance came and forced him to let go of John. He didn’t go without a fight, but eventually Lestrade himself pulled Sherlock off of John and held him back, reassuring the crazed detective.
John gritted his teeth when he saw the bruises littering the skin over Sherlock’s too prominent ribs, and he skimmed his fingers lightly over the purple and blue splotches, clearing his throat to push down the emotions he could feel building in this throat. Sherlock hummed and placed his hands on John’s shoulders, drumming his fingers slightly. “I like that John,” he said, squeezing John’s shoulders lightly before continuing his drumming. “It’s comfortable. Nice. Soft. Not too much.” He was mumbling now, a happy smile on his face. John’s insides twisted uncomfortably as he placed his hand in the small of Sherlock’s back, pushing him gently towards the bedroom.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, genuine fear lacing his voice. John was out of his seat and bursting through Sherlock’s door in seconds, eyebrows furrowing when he was met with only Sherlock sitting up in bed, covered in sweat. His hands were clenched tightly in the sheets and his chest was heaving, his face pale.
Sherlock sent a withering glare towards John, but John only laughed again, leaning in even further to press a quick kiss to Sherlock’s temple. “Go ahead and try it, what could go wrong?”
“Good work, John,” Sherlock said, his voice coming from the darkness somewhere behind John. “I just texted Lestrade, he’ll be here in a few minutes.” His voice sounded tight, almost pained in a way, short, panting breaths cutting in between his sentences. John was just about to ask Sherlock about it, when the man under him somehow managed to spit towards where John suspected Sherlock was standing.
(See the end of the chapter for
A shiver from the man in front of him broke him out of his thoughts; now that it had been brought to his attention, John finally noticed how cold and clammy Sherlock’s skin still felt, despite being awake for a while now.
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! If you were worried about it, Sherlock didn't actually kill anybody. But, that's a story for another time! Comments and Kudos give me life, and if y'all could drop some for me, I'd love you eternally.
“Sherlock, look at me and shut your mouth for a second, yeah?” Sherlock’s eyes popped open the second his mouth snapped shut, and his face turned scarlet again. “Yes, I will stay with you tonight. I will stay with you any night you want me to. You don’t need to ask, or to justify yourself. I know how it feels when your life is seemingly out of your grasp, when-” John swallowed hard, shaking his old nightmares out of his own mind, “when you feel like all is lost and nothing will be normal ever again. I want to help you through that because I care about you more than anything in this life, and damn me if I don’t help you when you need me the most.” The confession fell easily out of John’s mouth, and he felt happy that the truth was out, not embarrassed. Sherlock smiled widely at John, his eyes widening.
After that first book, he researched and researched, his chest feeling empty at the lack of Mycroft’s presence in the library. In every book he read, it was obvious the point of a pirates crew. They were there to protect each other, give each other company, watch each other’s backs. He could always feel a sense of family while reading about the pirates, and that’s when Sherlock decided that he wanted to be one. He desperately wanted to be a pirate.
Everyone assumed it was because of the adventures, the sword fights, the treasure, the thrill of being out on the open sea in a boat of his own. That was a minute part of it. He wanted the closeness, the camaraderie that being a pirate would bring to him. His crew wouldn’t care if he was a little smarter than they were, for it would just aid them in getting more gold, more treasure. They would love him, and he would love them, and everything would be okay.
, John thought, panic rising in his stomach.
“Away, John. I’m going away,” Sherlock said, an obvious tremble to his voice, his grip on the suitcase handle tightening. John’s eyebrows furrowed, pushing himself roughly out of his chair, standing in front of Sherlock seconds later.
They’re bloody and tired, and John is worried about the profuse amount of blood that is dripping from Sherlock’s arm onto the seat of Mycroft’s car. He can tell Sherlock is worried about John’s leg injury, and what it will mean for them. But what matters is they’re safe.
“My best is no longer good enough.”
“I want the nightmares to go away, John, and you seem like the best answer. Your presence is comforting, you’re warm, and you chase away all the thoughts that I don’t want or need to have. I trust you enough to stay with me while I’m asleep, so you are the best person to ask,” Sherlock rambled, eyes still shut tightly and eyebrows still furrowed. A light chuckle rose in John’s throat and left his lips, unable to keep it hidden away in his chest. Sherlock continued, seemingly trying to empty every single thought he had out into the open. “I’m sorry if I made things awkward by asking you, for that really wasn’t my intention. I just want my life back. I want to sleep and eat again. I want to be able to be awake without having a headache from lack of food and sleep. I just want your help, John. Please, will you-” John cut him off with a smile and another laugh.
“John, help me, he’s in here, he’s in the corner, he’s going to kill us!” Sherlock said, scrambling even closer to the headboard of his bed, eyes never leaving the corner. John took a few tentative steps into the room, hands outstretched towards Sherlock.
His head was swimming, his vision becoming blurry and unfocused.
“Our flat,” John corrected, getting plates out of the cupboard and placing them next to the food. Pushing aside the memory of The Fall that Sherlock had caused to resurface, John said, “And are you forgetting about the part where you saved my life? Shouldn’t that be enough for me to forgive you?” Sherlock muttered something under his breath, but when John asked what he had said, Sherlock brushed it off and stepped forward to get some food. John was glad to see Sherlock load his plate up with food without prompting, and nearly happier to realize the smell of the food wasn’t turning his stomach as it had been doing for as long as he could remember.
He looked broken. Empty. Numb.
(See the end of the chapter for
Maybe they’re his.
“Stop fucking moving, Sherlock, or I’ll shoot you!” Locking eyes with John, Sherlock saw him flinch at what Lestrade said. Pushing himself off the wall, the swimming in his head becomes too much, and Sherlock sees darkness overtake his vision.
He didn’t care.
Sherlock and John stumbled through the door of their flat together, leaning against one another, panting heavily. Sherlock let John lead him to the sofa, collapsing there in an exhausted heap, careful not to press his bleeding face to the fabric. Mrs. Hudson would kill him if he got blood on any of the furniture, and he had just escaped a tight scrape with death. He would rather not die at the hands of his angry landlady after all the trouble he just went through to not die.
“Someone, help me please!” His words came out garbled again, and the man that was holding him growled angrily, releasing his mouth for a fraction of a second before shoving a ball of fabric in Sherlock’s mouth to gag him.
“John, behind you!” He heard Sherlock call out, his breathing barely affected by the fight. John didn’t react quick enough and couldn’t avoid the leg sweeping his feet out from under him, sending him crashing to the ground, landing on his bad shoulder. Hissing in a breath and letting out a stream of curse words, John squeezed his eyes shut and gritted his teeth, trying to push the pain back. Sherlock needed him, and he would be damned if he was just going to lay on the ground while Sherlock fought by himself.
His cries went unheard as Samael stood up and pulled his foot back, slamming the hard toe of his shoe into Sherlock’s ribs. John let out another shout and Sherlock cried out in pain, but Samael wasn’t listening, too blinded by his rage to do anything other than pull his foot back and kick with all his might once more at Sherlock’s chest. Sherlock felt bones crack as he let out another wail, feeling tears welling up in his eyes and spilling down his cheeks.
“He deserves to know.”
Slouched against the wall, Sherlock tried to ignore the sound of dripping water echoing around him loudly. It had been dripping and dripping and dripping all day, but no matter where he looked, he couldn’t find the source of the noise.
“What?” John said, unable to hold back a small chuckle. Sherlock just laughed harder and dug his nose into the crook of John’s neck, tickling John’s chin with his soft black curls. Sherlock bit his lip to calm his laughter.
He had already figured out ages ago that this was today’s form of torture intended to break him.
“Hey,” John said softly, shaking Sherlock’s shoulder, “Sherlock. It’s just a nightmare. Wake up for me, will you?” As if he had heard the words that just left John’s mouth, Sherlock’s eyes flew open and he sat up quickly in bed, a shout of ‘John!’ on his lips. He gazed around frantically until his eyes landed on John’s worried face. Tears were in his eyes as he gripped at John’s shoulders, pulling him up onto the edge of his bed with a strength that John didn’t know he had at that moment in time. As soon as John was seated on the bed, Sherlock threw his long, trembling arms around him and started rocking back and forth, burying his face in his shoulder and gripping at the loose fabric on John's back.
“Another day,” John mumbled, his eyes fluttering open and landing on the skull still on the mantel. “Just another day without him.” Emotions welled up within him, and he let out a shaky breath, drumming his fingers on his thighs. It was getting easier, it really was. He no longer cried himself to sleep (those few nights that he
“If I drink it, they’ll think I’m accepting whatever it is they’re implying. I don’t want to go home with anyone tonight except for you, John, and I certainly don’t want anyone getting the wrong idea. People can be so stupid sometimes,” Sherlock said, still grumbling and pouting. John smirked and turned towards Sherlock, setting his drink down.
When they stepped into the flat and Sherlock had placed the food gently on the counter, he turned back to John, his fingers fidgeting once again in front of him. He was avoiding John’s eyes. “John… are you- are you angry with me?” Sherlock asked suddenly, causing John’s eyebrows to furrow in confusion.
Thank you all so much for reading!!
“Get out of my bloody room!” John rasped, his eyes verging on dangerous.
They loved to play with Sherlock. They didn’t, however, love being in class with him.
“No, John, I will not! I’ll be fine after you stitch me up, I’ll just take some paracetamol and get some sleep,” Sherlock argued, staring John in the face, his expression set with determination, his eyes filled with pain.
