“You’re a monster,” he muttered to the table.
Dean gaped slightly. He was spared a response by Castiel’s swiftly approaching footsteps.
“Are we going to go to Ghost-Mart?” Claire bit back a smile.
Sam moaned at the contact. Dean knew he loved a lot of stimulation, so he smoothed his hand up Sam’s pajama shirt, fondling him. He felt up Sam’s trembling thighs, his bouncing hips and taut stomach. It made Sam’s cock weep. Dean gathered his mess in the his hand and used it to stroke Sam’s cock.
Castiel had never heard a more terrible sound.
“Relax, pet.” Crowley cooed. His voice was heavy with lust, but he wasn't as far gone as Sam, “I won’t fuck you until you relax.”
The sound of the shot exploded through the house. Meg screamed. Rock salt pierced the figure and it’s mouth flew open, vanishing like ink in water. Dean crossed the room and Meg leaped off her bed towards him. The flames vanished as if they’d been an illusion, but the curtains were singed and smoking.
“Drink.” Dean pointed at the cough syrup and mug, holding Sam’s laptop out of his reach.
"Oh, and… don't bother holding back. We can see it in your eyes -- how much you love being between Sam and Dean Winchester. We'll force it out of you, one way or another."
“I want… to take you apart, Dean...” he rasped, “I want to feel you melt...”
Dean bent over Sam and kissed him, tasting the coppery blood mixed with Sam's raw, natural taste. Sam kissed back languidly, looking like he could go back to bed.
“We saw her ghost last night,” Castiel said at last. “She saved us.”
Dean took Castiel’s warm cock into his mouth, and within seconds Castiel was leaned back against the Impala’s passenger door, a sliver of hips and stomach visible above Dean’s head while Dean bobbed back and forth, nice and slow. Castiel’s breath hitched then slowed, and it soon succumbed to the rhythm of Dean’s lips.
Castiel checked to make sure the kids were still in the livingroom, then he walked out onto the front porch, shut the new door, and began striding down the lawn. Temper rising, he stepped out on the street and approached the car. It’s engine started at once and light flooded Castiel, but he walked right around to the driver’s side and glared at its driver.
“Uh, yeah.”
“You prayed for me.”
They both laughed.
“It’s my room!” Crowley glared at the both of them, "Out! Both of you!”
There were no dead animals, but Castiel did find one thing that didn’t seem to belong there. There was a small carving on one of the sloping walls. It was hard to make out, but Castiel could just see what looked like a star inside of a circle. Deciding he’d do a more thorough check of the attic when he had more time, Castiel headed back down into the hallway, taking a deep breath of crisp, clear air.
Dean held out a hand as Sam tried to move towards the monitor. “Okay. First of all, I wasn’t… I mean it’s not...”
Castiel was elated. He helped Dean strip all the way to the bed, practically hearing a Spanish guitar and whip cracking in his head. Then Castiel pushed him buck-naked onto the mattress. Dean grinned. Castiel threw his hat on Dean’s chest and Dean put it on cheekily while he watched him get out of his jeans. He used a bit of grace and managed to keep the chaps still on, shamelessly showing off the slope of his hips and his fully erect cock.
Dean grinned. He did the familiar glance up from Castiel’s lips and, when Castiel smiled at him, Dean leaned forward. Castiel’s smile warmed and he met Dean in a soft kiss. Dean’s lips were warm and he smelled like summer. Castiel felt a weight in his chest shift, becoming light enough to float away. When the kiss faded they stayed close, their foreheads pressed against each other and their smiles infectious.
Dean licked his lips, staring at Castiel. His grin had faded, and he no longer looked sad or hesitant. He looked exactly as he did when he first showed up on Castiel’s doorstep—freckly and tan, with eyes as green as the oak leaves dappled with Autumn light.
“Well,” Sam cleared his throat. “I’ll see you guys later.” Then he shot Dean a grin and left him to his burger, and to Castiel.
As his fingers made contact, the figure raised its head so quickly that Gadreel backed up and fell down the steps. He just managed to grab the railing, and he watched as the figure began disintegrating in front of him like paper burning away. For a heart-stopping moment he saw its face—It had two blank holes for eyes and a mouth hanging open in a silent scream. Officer Gadreel instinctively reached for his radio, but he’d forgotten it in the car. Heart pounding, he sprinted back to the car to call for backup.
Dean undid his pants and lay down on his bed. He had a stash of magazines, but he didn’t need them. He’d been pent up since that dream. Like hitting play on a movie, he was brought back to it: Gabriel’s hands on his hips, his breath on the back of his neck, the tantalizing caress of his feathers as he thrust endlessly into Dean’s aching, electrified body... Dean wrapped a calloused hand around his cock and stroked.
Castiel chuckled. “Help yourself.”
It was probably because they were fucking.
“You don’t have to answer. I’ve already figured it out. It’s why you wanted to meet so badly tonight...”
.” He winked at him.
Gabriel got to orgasm number twelve before he finally began feeling the effects of losing so much bodily fluid. One more time ought to do it.
Dean grinned victoriously. “Uh-huh. Sure you are. I’ve never heard you moan like that. Was it that good?”
Charley got up to help Castiel clean up the table, leaving Gabe and Claire to tease Meg about her pizza—pepperoni with M&Ms. As Castiel loaded the dishwasher he caught a snippet of their conversation.
"Do you... want to talk about it?" His voice was barely audible, but Dean heard him.
It took a few seconds for the librarian to realize what was happening and rush over. Charley got to his feet and grabbed Gabe as the librarian split up the other boys.
“That sounds great, Sheriff…”
“You know, my step-mom,” Kaia said, “she thinks the ghost in your house is good.”
Dean threw the covers off of Sam.
Castiel seemed to have a moment of clarity in which he looked at Sam. Sam panted, then rolled his hips on Castiel’s cock in response, “Fuck me, Cas.”
Sam’s whole body was rolling in wave after wave of pleasure, each one punctuated and spurred on by Gabriel’s thrusts and taunts. Then Gabriel found Sam’s sweet spot and Sam clenched around him, his feet scraping the floor. Gabriel loved it when Sam did that, so he kept rubbing his cock over the spot, making Sam thrash and moan for more. Sam’s hips were trying to buck, wanting to ride Gabriel’s dick and get some friction on his own, but Gabriel was only concerned with his own pleasure, and it made Sam feel so perfectly used. He was only there to be bred by Gabriel. Sam groaned in submissive ecstasy, clenching uncontrollably every time Gabriel hit that spot. Gabriel was going to come while he used Sam like a sex toy.
Dean was grateful Gabriel wasn’t treating him like a virgin. As a pleasurable and downright kinky as it was being dominated like this, he still had his pride. Gabriel seemed to sense this, and he picked up the pace, taking Dean’s mind off it. Dean cursed and pressed his nose into the pillow.
“Dean…” Castiel growled.
It was Castiel’s turn to look conflicted. He took a steadying breath and asked, “The, uh… the legend about this house. Could you tell me about it?”
“Dean! Fuck!”
Special thanks to Captain Shade (Tumblr: felix-the-white-wolf) for beta-ing!
Gabriel gave him a flirtatious look, then proceeded to eat Sam out from the back.
Dean was used to this part, but it was still jarring. Castiel’s thick cock parted him with ease, although it still felt tight. Castiel groaned and Dean grunted, arching up for him to find the right angle. It felt good, but Dean couldn’t help but tense. Castiel fondled Dean’s cock to make him relax, allowing him to slide in the rest of the way.
The demon's head fell back and his mouth opened wide...
Castiel smiled in relief, “Yes. Of course. Thank you, Sam.” he looked around for something else to discuss while Sam reopened his book. He noticed the cover said “Occult Lore”, so Castiel said, “Is Dean into roleplay?”
Beside them were a group of Castiel’s friends from the hospital chatting animatedly to each other, Tessa and Hannah amongst them. To Castiel’s great surprise Dr. Naomi stopped by to drop off a gift for Castiel’s new house. Since the house would be finished just after Halloween, several people had brought housewarming gifts to the party. At least ten of Castiel’s old neighbors had stopped by as well, including Mortimer and his sister, a tall, imposing-looking woman named Billie. Like her brother, she was much kinder than she looked. Many people assumed they’d dressed as undertakers, a recurring speculation that made Castiel smile as he knew for a fact they hadn’t dressed up at all.
Luckily, Meg had no intentions of stopping. Her voice was climbing and she dropped Castiel’s hands to lean back and steady herself on his thighs. Castiel fondled her everywhere he could reach. His thumb found her clit again and Meg gasped.
Castiel didn’t respond. He didn’t have the strength to but he supposed, in the end, it wouldn’t matter. He had already made his decision.
Sam smiled and put his towel back on the rack. He padded over to the tub and slipped in opposite Castiel. He was really glad he’d chosen the bedroom with the giant tub. Sam insisted it was because he’d never had a bathtub he could actually fit in. Dean said it was a sex tub. Sam privately agreed.
but it didn't last. Shame washed over him as soon as Sam left the room, and the burning pain in his arm increased tenfold. Dean shut his eyes.
Sam’s brow came together.
Castiel stared at them. He had completely forgotten about agreeing to have Dean come by on Sunday. He thought for sure Dean wouldn’t come again after the Ghostfacers incident.
“You said that already.”
Dean chuckled at Meg, who was licking the butter off of her toast.
“Thanks.”
Castiel groaned. His hand fell away and he looked at Sam, pupils blown. It took Sam’s breath away. His thrusts got more searching, desperate. He got handsy as he often did, and started feeling Castiel up in the water. Castiel loved when Sam played with his nipples, and the slippery water made it that much easier. Castiel arched his back, sliding down on Sam’s cock on his own, and Sam shuddered in pleasure. He swirled the pads of his fingers around and around Castiel’s nipples, loving the color rising in Castiel’s cheeks. He was downright cute. Then Sam remember something else about Castiel he’d just realized was cute. Sam’s hands slipped down Castiel’s body. He lifted his legs under the knees and folded Castiel onto himself. Enough water had splashed out of the tub that Castiel didn’t slide under the surface. Sam usually did this to deepen his thrusts, but not this time. This time he did it so he could fuck Castiel and rub his feet at the same time.
Renewed laughter traveled around the table. Claire grinned.
Dean heard the front door close and the house fell silent once again. He exhaled deeply, a smile lingering on his lips. He glanced at the walkman placed neatly on top of his bag, then at the circuit board. The silence pounded against his eardrums. He heard Meg’s voice from out the window, disappearing down the block. Dean was completely alone. His expression hardened.
Once Castiel was naked he settled between Dean’s legs, captured Dean’s hands, and pinned them above his head. Dean felt a jolt of arousal. He loved it when Castiel got like this.
A jolt of fear froze Gabe to the spot. His eyes widened as he saw a strangely misshapen figure hovering in the shadow. It was tall and wispy, and a horrifying, ragged murmuring was emanating from the spot where it swayed. What looked like limbs extended outwards, strangely bent and scratching frantically at the wall. Gabe realized that whatever it was, it was moving towards him along the wall.
A strange smell made him pause in the doorway. It smelled like smoke. There were no candles in his bathroom, but it didn’t smell like candle smoke. It was mouldy and stale. Unable to locate the source but certain nothing was on fire, Castiel added it to his weekend to-do list and carried on with his morning.
“Oh, I know.” Gabriel smirked. “But you love it.”
“I don’t know him,” he said simply. “Must be new. I have some business cards upfront if you ever need anything. Painters, masons, the usual.”
Charley glared at him. “If this is another prank you can do it in the morning. I’m tired…”
“But, your grace...I mean,” He asked. “Are you okay?”
Dean swallowed his fear and put on a stoic face.
Castiel smiled at her.
“If I give you your laptop back, will you swear to me you’ll only use it for Spider Solitaire and porn?”
Realizing he had aroused Dean into stunned silence, Castiel took over completely. His wings flared, shielding them from the harsh bunker lights, and he pulled Dean’s hips close. Dean spread his legs in anticipation, and within seconds Castiel was sliding in. Dean silence broke and he moaned in bliss.
Gabriel smirked. He introduced one more prop to the scene: a ball gag. He raised his eyebrows at Sam.
Claire laughed. “Well, my dad’s going to take care of our ghost, or demon, or whatever.”
“That sounds like a good idea,” Castiel said warmly.
Dean looked winded, so Castiel gave him a moment. He knew Dean didn’t like being coddled though, so it didn’t last long. Castiel began moving his hips and Dean groaned in approval.
The neatly organized maze of cubicles was full of afternoon workers, answering phones and typing reports, all expect one stringy looking young man who was watching his neighbor with a look of utter delight on his face.
“We’ll go through your house,” Ed resumed, still speaking in that low, dramatic voice, “find all the ghosts, and exorcise them… back to
Dean closed his eyes as Sam kissed his neck, “Yeah.”
Domestic
Castiel smiled at the thought. “I’ll bet. I’ve always wanted a house like this. It’s sort of a dream come true. Except for the sink.”
Sam gaped.
“It wasn’t intentional,” he chuckled.
October had arrived in Derby, Kansas, and the town was aglow with Autumn colors. The trees glimmered in shades of bright yellow and orange, and Halloween decorations were cropping up all along downtown Baltimore Avenue.
Sam didn’t know if he should admit to that, but Gabriel didn’t seem to want a real answer. Gabriel was happy enough where he was.
“Just… enjoying the view.”
Castiel was so close to him that he barely had to move to make eye contact. Dean was relieved to see that Castiel looked as exhausted, and satisfied, as he did.
Sam looked around like he was seeing his surroundings for the first time. Then he looked down at his polo tucked into his khaki pants and muttered, “Oh, no...”
“So...” Sam spoke up.
"This isn't going to work," Balthazar sighed. "Can't we just kill him?"
“Did they name the cane after you?” Dean mumbled.
Sam’s chest and stomach were flushed. He was curved so gracefully over the table, accentuating his V line right down to his bound, weeping cock that throbbed with pleasure from Dean's generosity. Dean reached and continued stroking him, and Sam groaned into Dean’s arm, dribbling more precome than ever.
Sam finally collapsed on the table, covered in blood and cum. Dean pulled out suddenly and added his own to Sam's stomach, groaning out his pleasure.
“Fine. But not now, I think I found a case.”
Kaia threw a pillow down at her. Both girls laughed quietly, then rolled over and went to sleep.
“We never did find out who Jack’s biological dad was,” Castiel added, “but that’s probably for the best.”
Then their father went missing.
Sam panted, “Yes.”
“Dean...” Castiel was repeating his name over and over again, like some twisted mantra. It sent chills down Dean’s spine that he couldn’t shake off, but he couldn’t leave Castiel like this.
Dean was pleased to see a fire in Castiel’s eyes as he drank in the sight before him. Castiel smoothed his hands up Dean’s body, from his thighs to his shoulders, tracing every line and muscle framed so perfectly by that open coat. Castiel’s coat.
“How?” Claire asked keenly.
Gabriel chuckled and kissed down to his balls, sucking and nipping at them playfully.
Sam nodded weakly.
“Not in the slightest.” Crowley replied wickedly.
Then, two heads emerged, ducked low. Everyone watched as two people ran out onto the lawn, one half carrying the other.
The morning was hectic at best. Neither Claire nor Gabe wanted to get up, Meg wouldn’t go back to bed and kept getting in everyone’s way, and on top of everything Castiel had to check the circuit board twice because the lights in his bathroom and the hallway kept turning off.
"Leave it on," he winked.
Finally they lay still, panting in the middle of Gabriel's ruined office. Gabriel pulled out, letting his cum seep out of Sam's ass and onto his desk.
Hannah had her revenge, however. Before leaving for the night, she asked Castiel if he was going to stay in the room with Dean and if so, would he like the other bed put down. Castiel and Dean both flushed.
Castiel smiled slightly and began to strip. He sat back to make a little show of it and Meg rose a brow in approval. She slipped a hand down her body and rubbed herself as Castiel got undressed.
Crowley smirked, “Whatever you’re thinking, the answer is… because I know you love it.”
“Don’t bother dad with that ghost stuff, okay?” Charley said seriously. “And don’t scare Meg.”
“Alright you know what? Get in here or shut up.”
“Come on, sleeping beauty! Let’s go! You can sleep in the car.” He pounded on the door. At least Sam’s anger would distract Dean from his own.
Once the ropes were all connected, Crowley stepped back to admire his work. Sam was completely bound in black robe, accentuating his tanned, well toned skin. Flexing any part of his body now made the whole outfit clench down on him. His arms were behind his back, and he was on his knees with his calves and feet tied to his thighs. He couldn’t close his legs or move his hips. His crotch was left completely open, exposing himself to the room while two lengths of rope purposefully parted his ass. Sam got a rush of submissive pleasure, breathing heavily in his chest.
Dean tilted his head.
Castiel’s wings may have looked damaged and battle worn seconds ago, but it that moment they shone brighter than any of the Archangels’. In that moment, Dean couldn't tell that Castiel had lost a single feather. He was the most magnificent angel Dean had ever seen, feathers glowing like a neutron star.
“Duh.” Gabriel gave him a look.
One rainy evening Sam and Gabriel were alone in a motel room tasked with researching an obscure type of monster. Sam was going through his laptop and notes at the desk while Gabriel was doing some research of his own. He leaned on the back of Sam’s chair and draped his arms around him, pretending to read over his shoulder. Sam didn’t get a page into the lore before Gabriel was sneaking a hand down the front of Sam’s pants. Sam told him to get serious, so Gabriel resorted to dirtier tactics.
Sam lowered his head, “Sorry.” But he was sure Dean’s face reddened.
Sam hid his smile from Dean when he got back to the table and they never talked about it again.
Someone was knocking.
Sam moaned, arching on Dean’s lap.
“Mm… much better.” Crowley growled. He gave Sam another deep thrust, and Sam moaned in satisfaction.
“Have you had breakfast yet?” Dean asked her.
“You know, if I were you I’d just call it a day,” Dean jeered, panting after an injection. Despite his sharp tongue, he looked as exhausted as Castiel. “Sam was strong,” he pressed on. “He could’ve gone all night. But you? You don’t look so good, Cas.”
Dean kissed him, then let him get dressed.
That’s why Dean loved blowing Cas. When he really wanted him to loosen up, all he had to do was wrap his lips around him. Something about it ruffled up all those angelic feathers and brought out the human in him. It was absolutely divine.
Sam let out a tense breath. Gabriel soothed him by stroking his cock with his hand while he toyed with his balls. It wasn’t enough to jerk Sam off, just to keep his flames burning white hot.
“Cas! Hi!”
“It’s good to see you, too.” Sam joked.
But after each heat and rut, things would go back to normal. Dean managed to get away from their dad every time, and the spellwork took care of the rest. Sam would help by finding ingredients and slipping them in with Dean’s things. He even scent marked him so Dean smelled more like an Alpha around their dad. Dean wasn’t sure it helped, but he appreciated the gesture too much to stop Sam. Dean found something comforting about Sam casually rubbing on him whenever they had a moment alone.
Sam was frozen in place, struck dumb. “Dean… that computer wasn’t plugged in.”
Sam smiled hazily, “Yeah. Too amazing.” He said, “You can’t… can’t do that when I’m trying to work.”
Fuck.
Castiel smiled slightly. “One problem at a time.”
"Got it?"
Sam sighed. He felt like he’d just had his brain washed with bleach, but a part of him really wanted to help Cas, and by extension Dean. He took a calculating breath and tried to think of a solution that didn’t involve visualizing his brother with an angel dick up his… no. Just no.
“Hey,” he replied. He looked strangely gruff and stopped a few feet away from him.
Dean loved everything about his brother. He loved the sound of his voice, the sweat on his brow, and the way his back arched while Dean fucked him in a dimly lit motel room.
“I know.”
All at once, both Gabriels pushed in, and Dean felt his body expand with devastating pleasure.
Until Castiel fucked him like one.
“What are you doing?”
“How do you take it?”
"That's the thing about Archangel grace."
“Dang.” Garth frowned.
Castiel panted, watching Sam orgasm above him. Sam Winchester in the throes of pleasure was more beautiful than anything in Chuck’s creation. Surely, it was the peak of evolution, of creation, more pure and beautiful than a colony of well organized bees. Sam. Sam was Castiel’s queen bee.
Castiel pushed his hips right up against Balthazar’s ass and came with a long moan, ramming Balthazar against the bed and squeezing his knot. It sent shivers of submissive pleasure through Balthazar at the height of his orgasm, and he knew he’d found his latest fetish: Castiel.
Claire grinned. “Shut up.”
Sam rubbed the bridge of his nose.
“I’m taking you back to class. Now.”
Castiel looked confused. Sam would have been amused if not for the sudden, crippling nausea, “You two…really?
The walkman had technically been used to play CDs—Dean hadn’t lied about that—but nowadays it was used for something quite different. Dean ran his home-made EMF reader slash walkman over every inch of the living room, pausing here and there to listen. If he hadn’t been so focused on his task he would’ve laughed. Meg had been right, sort of. Dean wasn’t really a plumber, an electrician, or a mechanic. Granted, he could’ve been any one of those things, if it weren’t for the fact that he was first and foremost a ghost hunter.
Sam chuckled. Gabriel kissed him again, then got up and began collecting their clothes.
“Dean saved me,” Meg spoke up at last. She had let go of Castiel’s sleeve and was watching him. Her eyes were red but she wasn’t crying any more. “He shot the ghost.”
Castiel nodded, “You can keep the hat.”
Sam felt Crowley spread his ass even wider, then felt his hand grope him from his hole to his balls. Sam had never felt so claimed.
Once they were sure Castiel hadn’t sustained any serious injuries, he was allowed to stay in the staff lounge with his family while they waited for Dean. The moment he came out of surgery, Castiel was let into his room to see him.
“Alright, I want you unpacking in your rooms in two seconds,” Castiel commanded, making his kids freeze. “No fighting. Now.”
Castiel let Dean in and shut the screen door behind him. It was a warm day, and Castiel could see beads of sweat on the back of Dean’s slightly sun-burnt neck.
Castiel didn’t hesitate. “Yes. We are.” He leaned forward and kissed Sam, sharing that taste with him.
“That wasn’t me!”
“Ma’am? Excuse me? You need to leave,” he called out, keeping his light down. But suddenly it flickered and died.
Sam laughed. Gabriel took that as approval and resumed kissing him.
When Castiel arrived back at the hospital, all of his kids were awake. The curtains were open and several people were sitting around the table with them. Jack and Garth were there, chatting animatedly, and to Castiel’s surprise Mortimer Todd was at the table with a basket full of food. The kids were all grouped around him.
Garth watched him curiously. “Who’s that?”
“Yes...” Sam groaned.
“Shut up.” Sam smiled.
"Cas," Dean panted gruffly as Castiel began feeling up Dean's nude body. His hands were coarse and calloused, but Dean loved it. The contrast between his gentle touches and his firm hands drove Dean wild. He spread his legs on either side of Castiel's hips, shameless in his nudity and hungry for more.
Sam’s dark eyes seemed to glisten in the dull light. It looked like he wanted to ask something, something important, but ultimately he didn’t say a thing. He understood. It was their shared grief that convinced him to hand over the reins. He licked his lips, then nodded.
“Sleep.” Dean cooed. He brushed his hair back and kissed his forehead.
Dean grunted.
“Crowley! Crowley, please!” Sam shouted.
Castiel and Dean exchanged looks. All of Castiel’s kids, even Jack, were looking at them.
The corner of Cain’s lips twitched. “Don’t act surprised. Lucifer invented consent.”
Those three graves had haunted Dean for years. He could still see the pristine coffins at the bottom of the dirt pits, two of the coffins much too small to be real. He could see himself breaking each of them open. Garth had warned him that the bodies wouldn’t be pretty, but Dean had no idea. Not really. It was nights like those that made Dean wish he’d never come to Derby. But it was over. The bodies were burned. That should have been it. That should have been the end.
… well...” Sam looked awkward again, “you know.”
“I got it off,” he said. “But I saved your drawing.”
Castiel didn’t know what to say to her. Jack was watching her now, too.
"Does that feel good?" Dean asked, observing him.
“Right. You’re just a plumber… and electrician, mechanic, babysitter…”
Charley wiped bits of wood off of his glasses then rolled up his sleeves and began climbing. “I’m the oldest now, so, yeah, I am in charge.”
“You called me tonight for a chat, yes?” Crowley recalled, “Needed my advice on a demon case. I gave you my advice, plenty of advice, actually, then you asked for more. Some… in-person advice.”
It was Sam’s turn to lick his lips, “Hell yes.”
Dean has never come when Castiel tops him. Castiel is determined to get to the bottom of it :) with Sam’s totally enthusiastic help, of course. For SPN Bingo.
As they crossed the kitchen, the monstrosity raised the hammer again. There was a rush of air, a crack of bone breaking, and a groan of pain as Dean fell.
Castiel gave Dean a deeply appreciative look then downed the rest of his coffee. He kissed the top of Meg’s head, who was quietly singing, ‘ they’re in trouble… ha ha ha…’ then hurried out the backdoor and to the garage.
“What do you want, Dean?”
It took a few seconds for the words to navigate Dean’s pleasure-soaked brain. “Yeah, Cas.” he nodded distantly. He looked like he just wanted Castiel to keep going, but Castiel didn’t relent.
When Castiel turned around he looked like he’d aged several years over the past few hours. When he first stepped into the dungeon he could tell that Dean wasn’t wholly human. He could see it. But that was no longer the case. Castiel could no longer tell how much humanity was or wasn’t in Dean, nor could he sense how much he had in himself. He felt weak, although as his strength diminished his mind only became more clear.
“Told you.”
Dean scoffed.
Suddenly, a noise from the living room made them jump apart. It took a moment for them to realize it was Meg calling sleepily for her dad. Whatever magic had been keeping Castiel tethered to the cabinet broke and he suddenly felt unable to stand still. He glanced at Dean and felt electrocuted. Neither seemed able to speak, so Castiel went into the living room without a word.
“Still feel good, darling?” Crowley smirked.
Ketch stared, “Glad to see you maintaining your professionalism after screwing a coworker.”
Gabriel thrust deep, so deep that it could only happen in a dream, and Dean melted in ecstasy, moaning.
“You filthy animal,” Balthazar smirked.
Jack and his friend Samandriel were watching them alongside Sam and Jess. Jack had dressed up as a cowboy, although Samandriel had come straight from work and was in scrubs. Sam had never liked Halloween much, but to Dean’s amusement Jess seemed to have convinced Sam to dress up with her. Jess was Wonder Woman and Sam had a Superman shirt on under his jacket. Jess kept putting his fake glasses back on him and laughing when they slid down his nose. Jack had taken to Sam very quickly, and Castiel couldn't help but smile every time he saw his eldest getting along with Dean's family.
Dean caught the bottle. His expression didn’t change. He stepped over Sam’s lap and pushed him back against the couch. Sam lowered his tea, staring up at his brother wearily.
Dean strode over to the clear, clean water and turned the sink off. The silence was as loud as the rushing water.
Their relief was temporary, however. The figure was reforming in the black flames.
“Yes, you can.” Dean said. There was a bit of sadism in his eyes, but what was more, there was a deep love and awareness that Sam enjoyed being toyed like this, “Fight it, Sam. I’m not gunna stop. So take it. Or I’ll turn it on again.”
“Again!”
Castiel watched as Dean fished out the condom. He thought Dean had wanted to top, at least he thought that was what he meant by asking, but instead Dean took Castiel’s cock and set the condom over him. The latex was warm and wet as Dean slid it down with another long stroke.
Castiel threw his hand into the cabinet and grabbed the salt. The woman’s scream was becoming audible—A horrible, stomach-churning sound like the creaking of an old house in the wind. Gravity seemed to kick back in and the figure suddenly dropped over him. But Castiel had opened the salt. He threw the container upwards just in time.
Sam's dignity was short lived, however. When he was finally leashed up and Dean was pulling on that collar, which he had clasped a little too tightly just for Sammy's pleasure, Sam felt that submissive high consume him and his knees shook on the cold concrete. His breath left him in a partially restricted huff and his eyes fluttered closed. Dean smirked.
"You know, Castiel," Lucifer hummed, idly drawing his fingertips over Castiel's stretched jaw, "I thought conquering this world would have little reward, but you… you are quite the trophy."
A tall, gangling man with large ears and a warm smile came up to meet him. “Afternoon. Thanks for seeing me last minute.” He shook Castiel’s hand firmly and stepped inside.
“’Destiel’?”
Dean slid down the attic steps, landing bow-legged on the floor and dropping his phone into his hand. He heaved the stairs back up and shut the attic door, then turned to hurry back downstairs. He didn’t make it far. He stopped dead as soon as he turned around.
Sam smirked. He slid down in the tub so he was almost laying on Castiel, his head and shoulders between his legs. Then he slipped his arms under Castiel’s ass so Castiel’s cock was just out of the water, and lowered his head down.
Dean grinned.
Castiel curved a large, spindly wing over his shoulder and began to pick at the broken and fading feathers. He winced a little every time a feather had to plucked, the healthy ones surrounding it swelling slightly. It was a necessary pain. For the health of the whole wing some feathers had to be removed. Castiel remembered how he used to think that way. Now every feather seemed precious, especially as he had lost so many. But the moment Castiel removed them they fell to the ground and vanished into specs of light.
Dean has a wet dream about Gabriel, and Gabriel decides to turn it into reality. For Debriel Creations Challenge on tumblr.
He could still smell Dean, still feel his warmth on his lips…
Castiel’s familiar footsteps echoed down the bunker-steps.
Sam’s eyes swam up to meet him, "I thought you said,” he murmured, his voice hoarse, “you were going to fuck me."
“You never listen to me!” Gabe suddenly shouted at him. “You always blame me for everything!”
“NOW!”
“It’s not that,” Claire said at once, “It’s the house. He thinks you’d be in
Garth beamed at him. “Awesome. Meet you at the Roadhouse.”
Crowley dragged a hand up Sam’s ass, then slapped it, hard.
Sam couldn’t argue that. Over the past month, Sandover Bridge & Iron Inc. had dealt with a wave of sabotage and practical jokes: pranks calls, things exploding in the microwave, printers breaking, copiers printing out butts, and more. The strange thing was, no one could catch the culprit.
“You’re an asshole,” Sam laughed darkly.
Sam seized up around Dean and came like a fountain in his hand, finding his voice and groaning in ecstasy.
Sabriel (Sam Wesson x Gabriel)
Castiel sighed. “If I was going to die from losing my grace, I would have done it already.”
“No,” Dean looked at him severely. “Castiel has a nice, normal family.”
“...You know you don’t have to write those anymore.” Sam appeared beside him. “You don’t work for the British Men of Letters anymore.”
The End
They held out their hands, but Castiel slipped his hands in his pockets.
Dean’s whole mouth was filling up with Castiel’s intoxicating, raw flavor, and his ears were ringing with Castiel’s steadily growing breaths. The slightest lick or flick of his tongue made Castiel’s breath hitch anew, but it always fell back to Dean’s rhythm.
Sam sighed and pulled out his phone.
Sam dragged his hands up Dean’s thighs and hips, earning a shiver from Dean. Then he cupped his hands over Dean’s taut stomach and dragged his nails down to his groin.
Breeding Kink
Sam took a steadying breath and dropped his head again, “Good. It feels good.” He answered honestly. He tested his bonds and felt them restrict him even further, making his ecstasy expand.
It took Sam a few minutes, but he deduced that the only way to fix the problem was to reboot the computer. Dean didn’t look relieved, however. If anything, he looked more reluctant.
"Gabe ran out before me, Dad," the older boy called back to his father.
Suddenly they heard the door open in the therapy room and Meg call out, “Daddy, we got nougat!”
Sam spat water out of his mouth. He had water in his ears, too, but he definitely heard that clearly. It wasn’t a request, but it wasn’t a demand, either. Castiel needed Sam inside of him. Sam’s heart leapt and his cock twitched.
No one laughed.
Castiel didn’t say anything. He was thinking about his confrontation with Garth.
“But…but but but....!”
“...They bring their victims to their nest and hold them there...” Sam remembered vaguely, “Then they… then trap them while they suck… oh god.”
“I can watch Meg,” Dean said. “You go.”
“Too many… syllables… fuck harder.”
“Ow. Stop it!” A nerf bullet hit Claire in the middle of her forehead. She had stopped playing and was looking out the front window.
“Nothing, I just… I didn’t realize you had well water.”
“...No more pranks, no more ghosts, it’s too much right now. Don’t look at me like that, I know what you’ve been doing. I know you left the flowers. I know you keep moving my tools…”
Gabriel fucked him a little more carefully out here, but it didn’t matter to Dean. It felt even better than anything that could happen in his head. Gabriel played him just right, and Dean felt an orgasm building up powerfully in his balls. He had no idea how long Gabriel was in him, but it must have been hours. That was the only way he ever orgasmed like this. It ate him up from the inside so slowly that it was almost painful. But it was the best kind of pain – a tingling, mind-numbing ecstasy.
Charley tugged hard on Gabe’s arm to shut him up. The three boys were staring mutinously at Gabe and Charley. Charley grabbed his things and his brother then followed after them, dread filling his stomach. They were in trouble now.
Charley stared at Gabe’s terror-stricken face and got up slowly. “What’s wrong? Where’s dad?”
“I need it.”
As she came out of the foliage into her backyard, she saw a strange red light flashing in the distance. Her grin faded and she felt her heart beat fast against her ribs. Realizing what she was seeing, she bolted through the backyard towards the house.
“Oh Sam...” Gabriel smirked, “You feel so good like this.” He pressed his hips against Sam’s ass, rubbing him teasingly, “I’m gonna come right here. So deep in your body that you’re going to be leaking for days. Is that what you want?”
“One hundred. I want you to count to hundred. If you mess up, you start over. You may come only after you’ve reached one hundred,” Cain said clearly.
“Cas...” Dean sputtered, his nerves finally getting the best of him.
"Yeah?"
Castiel knew he should be working, but it was nice having company. He didn’t socialize with many people his own age anymore. Or people
He tried to shimmy out of Castiel’s grip so he could hump the floor, but Castiel didn’t let him. He pinned his free arm behind his back, forcing his chest to the floor, and pounded his ass with his hips. A shout died in Dean’s throat. The angle changing everything. Castiel was assaulting his prostate and Dean couldn’t buffer the sensation without use of his pelvic muscles. Dean was gone in seconds. He gasped and sputtered uselessly, helpless to stop the orgasm from being fucked out of him.
Castiel reasoned that no matter what the spell was it probably couldn’t kill an angel. Rowena could then meet them and reverse whatever damage it had done. Sam and Dean didn’t like the plan, but they didn’t see another option. So they gave him their gun loaded with witch killing bullets and, after an intense fight, Castiel killed the witch.
“Fuck, Gabe. This is… fucked up.”
“Sorry, dad,” Charley murmured.
“So.” Sam sighed, his gaze sliding over to Castiel. “How do you want to pass the time?”
“Well, I was the one who got into fights,” Dean said, “and I got into trouble. A lot of trouble. My brother, though, he handled it differently. He made a lot of friends. He talked to a lot of people and put himself out there, and eventually nobody picked on him. Even though he’s a total dork.”
Castiel realized with a pang of guilt that he’d been ignoring his texts since last night, which made what he had to say next even harder. “Um, we’re uh… it’s not a good time. Can you come back later?”
Sam and Dean had been hunting a witch for three days. She’d enslaved a town in some sort of twisted revenge scheme, and they had to kill her to break the spell. It should have been a simple hunt, but it was never simple with witches. That was why Dean hated them. Well, most of them. Rowena did end up saving their lives at the last minute, but at the cost of Castiel’s well-being. So, yeah, Dean hated witches.
Gabe had stepped on the back of Charley’s shoe and made him stumble.
By morning, Dean was exhausted, in pain, and noticeably bruised, but at least he wasn’t pregnant.
Sam’s body was gorgeous alone, but Crowley had been perfecting it. Sam was covered in love bites, bruises, even cane marks, reminding them both of everywhere Crowley had been.
Castiel had some time alone with Jack afterwards, but still he didn’t bring up the ghosts. When Jack finally bid him good-night and went to his room, Castiel got up to turn off all the lights and go upstairs. He double-checked his stashes of salt and holy water, made sure there was iron in each room, then salted the doors and windows. He just hoped Jack didn’t get up in the middle of the night.
Castiel’s eyes were closed as he listened. “Do you hear them now?”
Castiel hesitated. “Well…yes, but there was no one there when I opened the door.”
“Daddy, I’m a surreal killer!” Meg said as Castiel took her upstairs to get cleaned up.
During one particularly messy werewolf hunt, Castiel got injured and tore his suit. While Dean was fixing him up, he noticed his old Metallica shirt peeking out from beneath Castiel’s ripped button up. Dean stopped what he was doing and stared at Castiel.
Dean glared harder than ever. “Get out.”
Ghost Facers
“Well, I’ll have the front desk switch you over,” Castiel said at last.
“Bye…” she said dreamily.
“How are you doing?” Castiel asked.
"Great work today, Wesson," Gabriel smiled, sweeping hair out of his face, "Keep that up and you can be my secretary full time."
Dean smiled slightly, “Well. He’s just finished his latest masterpiece up here. And I... need you to fix it.”
As Dr. Hannah introduced herself to Dean, the other doctor spoke to Castiel.
Dean lowered his flask slowly.
“Jodieo, I’ve got a new door headed your way,” came another woman’s voice, much more brisk and cheerful than Sheriff Mills’. “You can tell Mr. Shurley it’s free of cost. And Dr. Badass…” Jody quickly tried to cover the radio, smiling awkwardly at the kids, “...will be by first thing tomorrow morning to install the security system!”
Sam and Dean raised their guns at once.
Dean stared at him. A flicker of fear lit inside him, slowly eroding his post-orgasm bliss. The words took a few moments to hit him. At least he replied, “No. No, you said you wanted to stay here. So stay.”
not since their mom, Meg, died. Castiel remembered bringing up their mom the previous day and he wondered if Charley had been thinking about her before bed. At least he didn’t try to go down the stairs. Castiel wondered if he needed to put up a baby gate again. How would Charley react to that?
“Well, your electricity is working great,” Dean explained. “I don’t think there’s anything wrong with the lights. I see this a lot in older houses. I wouldn’t worry about it.”
“You may begin.”
“Do a flip!” Claire said.
Castiel slammed the door in his face. He heard them swear outside, then begin to trudge back to their van, ranting about Castiel in clearly audible whispers.
“I love it when you say my name,” Dean goaded him, continuing to tease him with his tongue.
Dean winked and put the orange juice down. There was something fiery in his gaze that made Castiel’s brain go fuzzy. Castiel approached him, trying hard to keep his eyes from drifting downwards, but Dean wasn't embarrassed. He pulled Castiel close. Castiel could smell the citrus on his tongue and feel his nude body against his...
“No.” Sam breathed. “I’m gonna go run a 4K.” He said sarcastically to nobody. “Fuck...”
, I just can’t make him orgasm.”
“I said control it,” Cain criticized. “If you want to control the Mark, this is how you do it!”
Sam moaned. Crowley’s voice pierced him as deeply as his cock.
Claire laughed. Gabe strode ahead of Charley, who had stopped to fix his shoe.
Dean approached the corner hesitantly, but not out of fear. He’d grabbed a salt shaker from the kitchen table and opened the top with one hand. The early morning sun hadn’t reached the corner yet, and a shadow hung like a sheet. Dean reached his hand out, wielding the salt shaker like a knife. It felt as if the shadow was staring back at him.
an article about a missing blonde haired girl. "She died like that. Staring at me. I had the flare gun, but I didn't…" Dean stopped.
“Don’t tell your dad,” Dean said.
“CDs?”
“Thank you,” Castiel said. “I was wondering when we’d get a visitor. Do you live next door?”
"Sorry, Sam," Dean chuckled as Castiel hurriedly passed him his clothes. "But you should really knock."
“What do you say, Sam?” Crowley stroked his hair fondly, “Are you going to be upfront with me from now on? Hm? Tell me everything?”
“You’re not going to let me work, are you?” Sam took a shaky breath, his eyes closing in concentration.
Castiel shut his door and Dean immediately resumed their kiss. They maneuvered blindly onto the bed, bouncing slightly as they fell in unison. Then Castiel pulled Dean on top of him and Dean followed without hesitation.
Sam’s eyes went hazy. He watched as Dean grabbed a shard of whiskey soaked glass and brought it to his forearm. He released his grip on Sam, but Sam stayed rooted to the table, his eyes glued to Dean's arm. Dean cut the glass into his skin and bright red blood began to seep down his arm. He dragged it up, leaving a cut that gleamed like fire in the wake of the glass.
Four.
Castiel could have laughed. He really was an undertaker. “Well, I’m a physical therapist now,” he clarified, “but yes, I saw that name quite a bit when I worked at the hospital.”
Dean continued to taunt Castiel as he extracted the next injection, but none of it seemed to have any weight. When Castiel once again clasped his hand on Dean’s arm, the ruby red syringe placed against Dean’s skin, Dean mustered out only one word.
"Oh, goodness,” Rowena said, “All of them."
Crowley smiled, “I’ll have to do it more often, then. How’s that sound? You’ll be on a hunt, or saving the world, or whatever it is you boys do now, and I’ll text you. I’ll tell you I’m thinking of you. And you’ll know exactly what that means.” Crowley nipped Sam’s lips affectionately, stroking himself below, “It’ll mean I’m imagining myself... parting your ass with my cock… sinking it deep into your body. So… so… deep. Making you moan my name over and over again. Would you like that, Sam?” He breathed.
Dean buried his lips in Castiel’s shoulder to hide the scent. Castiel laughed.
Castiel was surprised to see Dean laugh.
Then he gave a swift flick to Dean’s cock-head and rubbed it slowly. Dean keened on the spot. His whole body lurched and his hips fought his restraints. Cain gripped his shoulder to steady him. “Control it, Dean. Master it.”
Castiel looked at him sadly. “Me too.”
sounds like an idiot,” Ed joked.
at him.
crazy, Castiel went back to his car, his confused thoughts returning to Dean Smith.
“Get out.”
Charley looked over to the bushes, too. “What?”
“Wouldn’t dream of it.” He winked.
Also, I haven't forgotten about you, Molly666! I've got a fic in the works for you! Everyone else, have a wonderful week! ♡♡♡
"Dean?"
Castiel smiled softly. “Alright. Maybe… maybe I can call Gabriel to watch the kids. I know they’d love to see him.”
Dean raked his hands up Sam’s body, taking full advantage of his vulnerability. He groped his cock and balls, then scratched his fingernails down the underside of Sam’s thighs. Sam was in heaven.
Castiel kissed Sam’s neck, making Sam’s heart pound. He could feel Castiel’s half hard cock pressing against his thigh.
Dean winced and shut his eyes, “Damn it hurts.”
Charley and Gabe, ran into the cool, Autumn air, with little Meg held tightly in Charley’s arms. All three of them gasped and coughed, glistening with sweat. It was like coming out of water. They barely had time to catch their breath before Jack grabbed them gratefully. There was no time for tearful reunions, however. Jack hurried them across the yard and away from the growing inferno, which heated the back of their necks all the way to the street.
Gabriel raised a brow at him innocently, “Should I stop?”
“Is something wrong, sir?” Sam asked curiously.
“Excuse me? Miss?” He called out, approaching the porch.
Castiel smiled wide. “I know that.”
Castiel squinted at him.
Sam looked out from his blanket in surprise. Dean was putting the laptop down on the side table and walking over to Sam. Sam sat up, abandoning all pretense of sleeping.
The adults all seemed to silently agree that a conversation was due, so Castiel started by telling Dean and Garth everything that had happened since they moved in. The kids helped here and there, and Castiel could tell Dean and Garth were both hiding their horror from them as they listened. In return, Dean and Garth both confessed to having known about the house for years. They’d been trying to get rid of the ghosts to protect the families that moved in, but nothing had worked. Still, neither of them had ever heard of a haunting as bad as what Castiel’s family had gone through.
Dean’s gaze turned icy.
Crowley pressed his head into Sam’s prostate one more, marking that, too, as he whispered hotly in Sam’s ear, “Come.”
“Dean...” Castiel was unrelenting, “Let me… let me fuck you.”
Sam groaned. “Yes.”
“Nope.”
And it was Dean who watched over Castiel while he slept, because he just couldn’t accept that the fate he had given everything to help Sam avoid had been passed on to his best friend.
Dean couldn’t resist it any longer. He let go of Sam and hastily began unfastening his jeans.
Condom in hand, Dean smoothed his palms down Castiel’s hips. Castiel lay back and sighed. Dean’s hands were calloused, but the sensation was heavenly, especially as those hands moved down the dip in Castiel’s stomach and over his erection. Castiel’s eyes fluttered.
Castiel stared at him in amusement. “I did. I did notice that.”
Ketch took a calculated breath. “Yes, well. These are for my own records.” He minimized the document and swiveled around to face Sam.
Castiel looked at him curiously. Sam knew there was no turning back now.
Castiel resisted the urge to grin.
That night, as Dean tossed and turned replaying the scene in his mind, he heard his door open. He ignored it, feigning deep sleep, until he felt a weight on his bed. Castiel’s breath was at his neck again. Dean glanced over his shoulder and didn’t say anything. Castiel slid his arms around Dean’s chest and buried his head in the crook of his neck. The guilt and humiliation that had accompanied him since the storage room gradually faded, replaced by Castiel’s gentle breathing and the warmth of his bare skin. Dean relented and closed his eyes.
Dean smirked, “Atta boy.” He patted Sam’s cheek, “I’m proud of you, champ.” He joked. He reached for his phone and eyed Sam flirtatiously.
Kaia thought about it for a moment. “Well… ghosts are dead people. Like my mom. And your mom.”
They fucked each other back and forth all night, lost in the resounding pleasure of their human bodies. Neither of them could remember how many times they had come, but after a few hours they both agreed that they needed rest.
Then, they were still. Their panting echoed throughout the throne room, sounding like a hundred people had joined them. Dean stroked Sam again, getting a sadistic pleasure out of watching him squirm in post-orgasm sensitivity. But Sam loved it. He trembled and jerked as Dean played with his slit and rubbed his glans.
“You’re really going?” Kaia asked in surprise. She lit the last incense and pocketed her lighter. “Isn’t it like... a dance?”
Another slap. “Wrong! Tell me what you want.”
"Dean," Cas spoke again. "I think… ah."
Sam didn’t question it. He didn’t question anything. When Crowley walked around he had to cup Sam’s face and hold him up to look at him.
Castiel opened the door and saw Dean Smith leaning on his porch railing.
Sam tilted his head knowingly, “Oh Cas, it’s nothing to be ashamed of. Sam is pretty hot after all. Doesn’t take a genius to notice that.” He leaned casually against a crate. “So what do you say? Should we have a little fun before the cavalry arrives?” He purred.
“Tell me what you want! Say it!”
Crowley grinned, “So good, Samantha.”
Castiel swallowed.
“Wouldn’t want you spoiling our date tomorrow night.” Crowley flirted.
Castiel took the basket, trying to look thankful rather than bemused by the food choice. “That’s... very kind of you.”
Sam didn't get much time to contemplate his newfound ability to move his neck or breathe before Dean made good on his promise. He pulled on the leash, making Sam's grin falter, then he pulled him right down onto the floor, forcing Sam to lie down gingerly and present himself for Dean.
“’Atta boy.” Gabriel squeezed his ass. He felt around Sam’s front and traced his fingers along Sam’s impressive human cock. Sam shook and moaned. Gabriel grinned. He dabbed his thumb at Sam’s leaking tip, then brought the substance to his lips and licked it. Sam was sweeter than candy. Gabriel sucked it off his thumb, letting Sam hear it.
Something seemed to shift between them, and they both relaxed, eying each other fondly.
When Dean was ready to go, he asked, “Are you going to…”
Sam gaped and sputtered, unable to say another word. Crowley knew Sam lost it when he rimmed him. Sam’s whole body throbbed, and he thought he’d lose his mind for sure. It didn’t last, though. Too soon Crowley stopped and walked around Sam. Sam eyed him desperately, his cock aching for contact. He didn’t ask for it again, though. He already knew the answer.
Castiel stopped.
The little snake had poked his head out of Charley’s nightshirt and was trying to slither away. He moved up his shoulder, deftly avoiding Charley’s grasp, but as moved behind Charley’s neck he suddenly reared up and hissed.
Dean looked exhausted again, and slightly uneasy. “Alright, well, you’re gonna think this is crazy, but… I already tried that.”
“Your kids are very lucky,” Dean said at last. “My mom died when I was little, too.”
“Zombie,” she answered at once. “I can do the makeup myself. And if I leave some clothes out long enough my brothers will probably shred them for me.”
Dean heard him hang up and laid there, staring angrily at the bland hospital wall. Finally he put the phone down. The mere motion turned his anger to something a hundred times more unbearable. He screwed up his expression and tossed his phone across the room, pain coursing through him unlike anything a hammer could ever do to him.
Dean Winchester.
Crowley continued down Sam’s body, blatantly avoiding his now completely erect cock. He began binding his thighs and feet, immobilizing him completely. Sam’s breathing picked up and the ropes tightened around him.
Crowley smiled in satisfaction, “Oh yes.”
Dean’s eyes looked greener than ever in the sunlight. He gave Castiel a small smile. “That sounds great.”
“Cas,” Dean looked at him seriously, and Castiel was relieved to see that he no longer looked impassive. His eyes gleamed like a deep forest in the dimly lit room. “I forgive you.”
Dean flushed a little. “Then you’re to do all that stuff you said...”
Kaia looked strange. Her dark eyes were intense and she looked frightened. “Something… something’s in there.”
Sam groaned through his teeth, his cock weeping onto the floor.
“...in the hallway…”
Dean grinned, looking beautifully disheveled. Castiel wiped his chest down, disposed of his condom, then brought the washcloth to Dean.
Charley and Gabe threw the door open and burst into the hallway. They fumbled over each other, trying not to look anywhere but at their feet, and ran into Claire’s room.
“Dean, I want you to feel good.”
It worked. He felt the presence above him vanish as salt rained down over his head. He slammed the cabinet closed without looking and scrambled to his feet. His legs were shaking. The suffocating fear hadn’t left him and knew Mrs. Bishop was still in the house.
The beam of light illuminated the front porch, and Castiel stared at it in shock. There was no one there.
Castiel heard Claire’s music turn off and checked the time. It was ten o’clock. Surprised but proud, Castiel put his book down and turned off the light. He was exhausted. But before he could even close his eyes, his bedroom door flew open.
“Hmm.” He purred, “One down. Ready for more?”
They weren’t the only regular guests, either. After Castiel made things up with Dean in his office, Dean started coming by for much more than half-hour therapy sessions. In fact, when Sam and Jess came by to help Dean with his recovery, Dean let them use his apartment and stayed in the cabin with Castiel.
Claire grinned.
This was how Sam agreed to try out Dean’s latest kink in the first place: he loved when Dean touched his neck, kissed it, massaged it, hell, he loved when Dean pressed a little too hard, or got carried away and actually choked him. So when Dean informed him that this particular kink came with a collar, Sam hesitated, only to maintain his dignity, and agreed to try it.
“I want you, Dean...” He growled, “I’ve always… wanted you. I pulled you… from perdition. I made you mine. Come here… and let me make you mine. Let me claim you… again…”
“What’s it look like, Fergus?” Rowena scoffed, “maybe you should try knocking next time!”
"Yeah?"
Gabriel’s eyes twinkled. “You…” He stalked towards the side of the bed. “...
“You hacked…” Castiel repeated, looking at Jack questioningly.
Castiel couldn’t remember the last time he’d been embraced like that. Dean was slightly taller than him, and it made him feel safe and protected. It seemed to last for ages, and Castiel was perfectly fine with that. It wasn’t until he took a deep, steadying breath that Dean pulled away.
“Wow,” Garth said in amazement.
Dean rolled his eyes, "this is ridiculous." He grabbed a sword from the table beside the demon and attacked. He tried to cut the vamp's head off, but the man dodged, grabbed Dean by the collar, and threw him like a rag doll across the warehouse.
Dean reached out and swatted the magazine out of his hand. Gabriel chuckled and set it down, then let Dean pull him into a sloppy kiss. Gabriel kissed back instantly. He cuddled Dean to him as they lay sideways on his bed, butt-naked.
“I can take her with me…”
Castiel chuckled. “Want a tour of the house?”
The Roadhouse’s kitchen was closed for it being so late but the owner, Ellen, made them something anyway. Dean and Garth both knew her well—She’d gotten them out of a lot of trouble with the local authorities. Her and her husband, Bobby, had been family friends of Dean’s since he was a kid. Ellen’s daughter even went to school with Dean.
“No!” Gabe was wide awake now.
Castiel’s hands groped Meg’s ass instinctively, “I’m… not. Only trees can make sap...” Castiel’s voice faltered as Meg’s hand found his cock. He groaned softly.
“What about Jack?” Dean asked, “Was he...”
“He’s kidding.” Dean said, resuming his thrusts.
“Right here, Dean.” Gabriel breathed in his ear. Everything was the same, even Gabriel’s gigantic wings that were taking up half the room. Except Gabriel didn’t speak in his dream. This was the real Gabriel. “You just tell me if you want to stop. Got it?” He said.
“Oh come on, Cas. It’s a joke. Sam’s laughing in here, trust me.”
Dean’s eyebrows had risen again and he was grinning in surprise. “I knew you were secretly kinky.”
Sam knew there was something weird about that guy. He had never seen a janitor here this early before. What were the odds? And how did he know his name?
“What?
“See?” Sam smiled.
"Are you two
It was one of those nights when Castiel fell asleep unceremoniously on Dean’s bed that he had the sudden realization he’d never seen an angel sleep. Dean didn’t need to be a prophet to figure out why; Castiel was damaged. The tablet may have woken him, but staying awake was a feat too taxing for Castiel’s broken mind. So Castiel slept. Dean didn’t mind, actually. Hell, he enjoyed the silence for a change. In sleep Castiel looked like himself again, not the blank, delirious puppy he’d become, baffling them all with a thousand and one facts about mulch.
Suddenly, Dean grabbed another shard of glass and used it to cut Sam’s shirt open. He wanted to see more of Sam. He wanted to see him breathe, to see him writhe as he sucked on Dean’s arm. He wanted to see his own blood filling Sam's belly, fuelling his demonic lust.
“Good, Dean,” Cain soothed. He swept a calloused hand over the marks on Dean’s back, making Dean shiver and tilt his head to the side. Cain removed his hand, and Dean felt filthy for enjoying it. He sucked in a breath and tried to control himself as Cain dragged the tip of the instrument down Dean’s raw, flushed back. He couldn’t help but squirm slightly at the fresh wave of sensations, and he felt Cain respond with a wooden slap to his shoulder.
Castiel felt relieved. He’d half expected him to say ‘a shadow figure’.
Slightly concerned, Castiel got him a jug of filtered water from the fridge. “Here. And I’ll make some lemonade, too.”
Castiel couldn’t help himself. He looked at Dean. That seemed like an odd question. “No, not really.” Aside from his kids seeing ghosts, but he figured that wasn’t what Dean meant. “Actually,” Castiel said thoughtfully, “I was wondering if I should cut down some of the lower branches on that oak tree out front. The other night, when we had all that wind, the branches got really close to the front porch. I thought someone had come by,” he chuckled to himself.
They fucked for hours. Dean came first when Sam found his prostate and unleashed his lust on it. Dean had never cum so hard or so fast, even by his own doing. Dean’s heat kept him wet and ready after every assault, aching for everything Sam could give him. After his second orgasm, he was so stretched that, after the perfect thrust, Sam’s growing knot slipped right into him with a wet pop. They both groaned, and Sam fucked his knot into Dean’s quivering hole, trembling.
“That’s a good boy, Sam.” Ketch watched him fixedly, “Perhaps you American hunters are a smart lot after all.” He teased, although his voice was heady and breathless.
“Yeah,” Sam breathed. “I just heard about what happened.”
Sam sighed. He didn’t understand what Dean meant but he was sure, like always, that in his quest to fix the problem, the computer illiterate Dean Smith somehow made it worse. They’d have to call in for repairs with his luck. But then Sam realized that Dean was staring at the cords pulled out from the wall.
“Why did you pull out?” He asked. “I thought you had a condom.”
Castiel turned in Dean’s arms to cut him off, but he was grinning. Dean was smiling at him, his green eyes dark in the cool shade of the cabin’s kitchen. Dean leaned in and kissed Castiel, sharing with him the sinfully sweet taste of stolen pie. The sounds of talking and laughter from outside disappeared.
for Beta-ing my first ABO fic ♡
Castiel hesitated. He hadn’t given the house any thought at all up to that point, but at her word he realized that his family was in fact homeless. Still, he appreciated the gesture. “Thank you, that’s very kind,” he said. “I expect we’ll have to stay in a hotel for a while. I have insurance but I don’t know how long that will take.”
He knew Garth had said it to give Castiel some rationale for what they went through, but it left him feeling worse than ever. Old questions merged with new ones, all wearing down his brain. Was his family some kind of beacon for the supernatural? Would they always bring out paranormal activity wherever they went? Was Castiel truly cursed? He didn’t know the answer to that question, and it made him doubt himself more than ever.
Castiel chuckled. “Definitely. I’ll make sure you get the good drugs.”
“I’ll go with you.”
Gabriel grinned at him.
Castiel felt winded again. He looked around, avoiding Sam’s gaze like it was a sin, “No. No. We can’t. It’s wrong.”
Gabe bolted up the stairs, chased by Claire. Charley began herding Meg up the stairs, who was suddenly trying to walk as slowly as possible.
Dean’s whole body lurched and he moaned hotly, “Ohh...yeah, right there! Oh fuck.”
Gabriel loved that. Sam was so wrecked, so completely undone and overwhelmed with pleasure, yet he always answered Gabriel. And he always answered yes.
“You complete idiot.”
Dean smirked. "Good."
Dean chuckled, but his smile soon faded, too, making him look ill for the first time. “I should’ve told you what I was.”
“Cr...Crow...” Sam groaned through his teeth.
“Mhm.” Ketch agreed, inspecting the end of the kitchen instrument protruding from Dean’s arm. It was sticking out of his ninth or tenth layer of flannel, Ketch assumed, so he couldn’t remove the clothing to tend to the wound. He’d just have to rip the blasted thing out. “Uh oh.”
Neither spoke. Only when Gabe grabbed his dad’s shirt did Castiel regain his composure. The sight of Gabe looking helpless and scared made Castiel’s fear and anger vanish.
“It’s yours, Dean! I’m yours,” Sam breathed.
“Sometimes I can’t… I mean, it can be difficult...” He made some strange hand gestures then said, “...sometimes I can’t bring Dean to climax.”
“Ah-ha!”
“...’Destiel’.”
Becoming a demon seemed to have heightened Dean’s sexual prowess, and he’d been taking it out on Sam. There was something so sinfully delicious about making his younger brother beg for release, especially once Sam had taken over Hell as their prodigal king. Sure, Sam was drinking more demon blood than ever these days, wielding power unlike any ever seen in Hell, but it only made the twisted dynamic between the brothers all the more satisfying. Sam loved every second of it.
“Hey, are you okay?” Dean asked, gripping Castiel’s shoulder.
Dean and Castiel had slept through the night, far longer than a few hours, yet Sam hadn't woken them. He’d put a blanket over them. It was a musty, old blanket with holes, but he knew it was the best Sam could find.
Sam finally looked at him, and his expression confirmed each and everything Crowley had said.
Sam heard Crowley’s dress shoes click away yet again, and Sam took the opportunity to try and calm himself. It was useless. He’d never been so turned on, and Crowley hadn’t even done anything to him yet. He flexed his legs and felt the rope respond around his balls and cock. Sam let out a shallow breath.
The noise Sam made was almost comical. It was somewhere between an indignant gasp and a shocked moan. Sam’s hand flew to Dean’s head so fast he nearly slapped him. Dean smirked. Except, Sam was moving around too much for Dean’s liking, so he flattened his tongue and sucked him all the way into his throat.
“That’s nice of them,” Jack said, his eyes unfocused on the glowing TV.  “So, you really don’t think it was Dean?”
Gabriel went all out, stroking and eating him out while Sam held onto the covers, gasping in ecstasy. Once he started breathing Gabriel’s name, Gabriel knew it was time. He upped his efforts once again, stretching Sam even as his body hardened up in release. Sam moaned shamelessly and came white hot onto his stomach. Gabriel stroked and rimmed him through his orgasm, until Sam was a trembling, gasping mess.
Sam sipped his coffee. He didn't say another word. Truthfully, he was happy for his brother.
Claire opened her mouth to speak, but Meg cut her off.
Castiel watched him look away. Dean didn’t look like himself. His shoulders were slumped forward. Castiel’s brain felt waterlogged.
Castiel didn’t know where the time had gone. Before he knew it, Claire had come home from lacrosse and it was almost time to start dinner. She walked into the living room and stopped dramatically.
Sam’s eyes were a little red. He looked down and finally understood what Crowley was talking about. Every muscle and curve of Sam’s body was embraced by black rope. He was bound up artfully, with every erogenous area exposed to Crowley’s penetrating gaze. Sam could even feel his hole spread behind him, vulnerable to the night air. He glanced up at Crowley, who was giving him that burning look again.
Castiel got up on his elbows to look at Dean, “Are you asking if I said I love you just so you would let me p… have sex with you?”
“I have to go pick her up. You can use my shower if you’d like,” he said.
Castiel found his eyes drifting to the back of Dean’s shirt, which had lifted a bit as he crouched down. “Can I get you some coffee or anything?” He asked suddenly.
Abandoning the circuit board, Dean Smith grabbed his walkman, hefted his duffel bag over his shoulder, and hurried out of the laundry room. Keeping a cautious eye on the corner of the fireplace he threw his stuff down on the living room floor, then he put his headphones on and got to work.
Garth, who had clearly been trying to shift gears, was suddenly looking casual. “Hey, Dr. Shurley. I was just…”
Castiel decided to stop at the hardware store first. He needed supplies for the crack in the wall. He just hoped there was still only one crack by the time he got back. He felt reassured when he met a few people who welcomed Castiel and Meg to the neighborhood. The old man behind the counter even gave him a big discount. Castiel thanked him profusely.
“Exactly. You know him better than anyone,” Castiel pleaded. He had this look on his face that made Sam shift awkwardly in his seat. He was like a heartbroken puppy.
“There you go. I’ve got you, Dean.” Sam panted, “You’re all mine tonight.” Sam got a rush as Dean submitted once again, letting every sensation rake down his defenseless body. Sam reached around Dean’s thigh with one hand and found his cock, stroking it with a hand slickened from the lube.
“I was in the neighborhood and figured I’d see how your sink is holding up,” he said.
Sam looked at Dean appraisingly, then put his book down.
Sheriff Mills had an odd look on her face, halfway between grim and relieved. “They did. They found remains of the other two children.”
Sam glared at him incredulously. He tossed the first aid kit on the ground at Dean's feet and stalked away.
Dean wasn’t sure what to tell him. In the end, he settled on the truth. He told him he’d been ghost hunting. Sam looked conflicted at this, but by the time Dean finished his story, he was open-mouthed with astonishment. It took a few long minutes for him to respond. He seemed to be battling his own skepticism.
“Dean!”
“You’re going to make dad come out here,” she warned, but a rustling noise from the foliage distracted her at once. “Shh! Shut up!” She hissed at her brothers.
Only it wasn’t office work he’d come in early for. Instead, Castiel pulled up his web browser and began to research ghosts. To his surprise, one of the first things he found was salt. He quickly grabbed a pen and paper and began making a list. By the time he finished researching, the list read:
When the boys came back from their bike ride, Castiel texted Claire to come home, too. Castiel and Jack had decided not to tell anyone what happened yet. When Claire finally showed up still looking irritated, Castiel told her that she could go to Kaia’s house whenever she wanted. That seemed to improve her mood, and they spent the rest of the day in relative peace. They even went to the Harvest Festival downtown, and Castiel bought Meg all the pie she wanted.
Sam walked back outside to let Dean and Castiel get ready to leave. It was cold in the cabin without the fire, but Castiel was like a beacon of warmth, always a few inches from Dean. They didn’t speak much, but the silence was nice, Dean thought.
“Can I ask about her?” Dean asked gently. “Like, how’d you two meet?”
Dean Winchester had been returned to the bunker mere hours ago. He’d already broken out once but, as Sam put it, it just meant the treatment was working. Still, Dean didn’t look any more human than when Castiel had arrived. Dean seemed as alien to his own home as if he’d never been there. His sharp, green eyes followed Castiel’s every movement as continued Sam’s work. Dean only seemed to become crueler with every injection, however. His taunts were only broken by roars of pain as Castiel injected him over and over again with blood.
Castiel couldn’t deny that. Castiel stripped while Dean idly stroked himself, something he knew drove Castiel wild. Sure enough, once Castiel was naked he settled between Dean’s legs, captured Dean’s hands, and pinned them above his head.
Castiel had just made a second pot of coffee when he heard a knock at the door. He’d forgotten all about Dean coming by to check on the breaker. He hurried to the front door and, sure enough, spotted the Impala gleaming on the street.
“Guys, these are my…” Castiel turned and saw Spruce, the cameraman, zooming in on Castiel’s toaster. Castiel cleared his throat and they all gave a start. “These are my kids, Charley, Gabe, Claire, and Meg. They all know what’s going on, so could you walk us through whatever it is you’re going to do?”
With a rush, Sam felt his body shift, “Oh...”
Dean echoed Sam’s groan as that familiar wetness sucked him in. Dean hissed through his teeth. Sam had been bottoming a lot for him lately, otherwise this impromptu plan wouldn’t have worked, but still, he was so perfectly tight. Dean watched in hazy satisfaction as Sam dribbled a fresh wave of precum down his cock, as if Dean was pushing it right out of him. Finally, he was sheathed to the hilt in Sam’s ass. He hoisted Sam’s legs up, not skipping a beat, and began thrusting sternly.
Castiel chuckled. He couldn’t help it. It felt strange, but it happened as naturally and easily as coughing. Dean stared at him, bewildered by Castiel’s smile. But slowly, gradually, Dean’s expression softened as well.
Castiel and Garth both decided not to tell them about Mr. Bishop. The legend of the Bishop family had become larger than life and, as far as they were concerned, the fact that they knew the truth was enough. It was like Sheriff Mills had said, the Bishops were finally at rest.
Dean looked over at Sam. "Thanks, Sammy."
Castiel repressed the discomfort Dean’s cynical gaze caused him. Castiel couldn’t tell if that was Dean or the demon talking, and even worse, he wasn’t sure if it mattered.
Gabriel panted, his slicked back hair askew, as Sam groaned his approval with each thrust. Sweating, he started to take off his polo, but Gabriel placed a hand firmly on his chest.
Dean stared up at him, winded, “That’s called love, Cas.”
Dean smiled sheepishly. “Guess I was tired,” he apologized.
Dean raised a brow.
“Correct,” he said. “The house was searched. I believe they did a sonar sweep.”
“You’re the best, Ellen,” Garth smiled at her.
Dean watched hungrily as he gave Castiel a few slow, experimental strokes. Castiel’s body warmed instantly. His light, blue eyes met Dean’s, and Dean smiled at him. Castiel tried to smile back, but Dean’s hand wrapped fully around his cock and Castiel groaned softly instead. Dean’s expression turned fiery. He let Castiel go and tore open the condom packet.
Dean pulled Sam’s shoulders back, making him recline so he could wrap the blanket around him. Dean didn’t have to answer.
“Your mom would have been proud of you. All of you,” Castiel said fondly.
Feeling a rush of proud pleasure, Sam lavished Dean's cock with attention, sucking and swirling his tongue, lapping up every bead of precum and sweat. Dean was notoriously handsy when Sam went down on him, both hands usually balled into fists in Sam’s hair or petting him roughly, but this time Dean took out all those instincts on the leash. He kept tugging on it, until all the air in the room had been replaced with the smell of Dean's raw, heady musk, filling Sam's head with hazy lust while he sucked Dean to hell and back.
“Yup. A demon.”
“Tea?” Castiel asked. “Juice?”
Sam planted his lips down on the back of Dean’s exposed neck and sucked, making Dean groan and buck into the carpet. Dean knew Sam wouldn’t mate him, not yet at least, but the gesture sent chills down Dean’s back. Sam angled himself so that his cock slid against Dean’s prostate, pushing down on it. Dean’s breath hitched. Sam grazed his teeth against Dean’s skin as he left hickeys on his neck, sensing that Dean liked it. Sure enough, Dean clenched around Sam’s cock, driving it unrelentingly into his pleasure spot, and Dean came right there, moaning hotly.
They sat in silence, sipping their glasses for a while. Mortimer prompted Castiel to try a cheese stick, which looked a bit like a churro. Eventually the conversation shifted. Castiel told Mortimer about his kids, and in turn Mortimer told him about his own extensive family, and his sister who ran the Tod Funeral Home in Wichita. It wasn’t until one in the morning when Mortimir finally left to tend to his lilies.
After the room was cleaned, Sam and Ketch decided that what happened in the artifact room stayed in the artifact room. Frankly, it was nobody’s business except theirs. Well, theirs and the report filed away on Ketch’s laptop. But it was like Sam said, Ketch didn’t work for the British Men of Letters anymore, so there was no reason anyone needed to find out at all.
"Luce…" Michael growled.
Sam eyed him skeptically, but he did as Crowley said.
Dean rose a brow, chewing slowly.
Meg hummed in approval, petting Castiel’s feathers.
By eleven o’clock everyone was asleep in their own beds and Castiel was changing into his pajamas. As he folded his pants, he found the dirty business card in his pocket. He looked at it for a while. Finally, he sighed, set the card down, and took his phone off its charger.
“I win. That means you have to catch up some much needed sleep.”
Dean glared at him, then at Cas, and said, "Just do it."
“Dad?” He mumbled.
Hours had passed since Castiel became one with the bees, and thirty minutes since Sam and Dean were given the last ingredient to kill Dick Roman: Crowley’s blood. Ironic that Castiel had been the first ingredient, and he would soon complete the ritual by identifying which of the Romans was the real Dick. That was the theory, anyway. Although no one expected Castiel to do it, not even Dean. It was only while Castiel was asleep that they were united. The Castiel who was awake and spoke of cosmedics testing and horse fertilizer wasn’t the real Castiel.
Jody gave Castiel a sympathetic look, then leaned forward to speak to the children. “Whatever you’ve heard about this house, it isn’t true. There’s no such thing as ghosts. I promise.”
Garth had rushed over to Dean as they loaded him into the ambulance. Officer Hanscum and a red-headed paramedic were tending to him as they got ready to leave. He was chalk-white beneath his soot-covered face, but he was smiling. Garth looked fraught with worry.
Castiel almost smiled. He had never seen Dean’s eyes so wide. He was utterly dumbfounded. When it became apparent that Dean was too tongue-tied to speak, Castiel spared him and pulled him into a smooth kiss. Castiel had taken a shot of whiskey (or six) for his nerves, and the flavor made Dean swoon. Castiel got a rush of confidence and opened the kiss. Then in his deepest, darkest voice, he rumbled against Dean’s lips, “What do you say we break in the this motel room?”
"That's it…" Dean's voice was getting less controlled. “Yes. Sam. Good… so good.”
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?” Crowley purred. He kissed Sam’s slack lips, and Sam was able to summon just enough strength to kiss him back. It was a surprisingly tender kiss. Crowley opened it to give Sam a taste of himself mixed with Crowley’s cum. It sent an unrestrained shiver of arousal down Sam’s body.
"Rowena..." the man simpered, walking towards them desperately, "please, can't we discuss this like adults?"
Castiel panted like he’d come out of water while Dean cleaned them both up. He wiped his mouth, re-buttoned Castiel’s pants, and gave his crotch a little pat that made Castiel jump then melt against Baby again. Dean stood up and smirked at him, his chest was bursting with pride. He patted Castiel’s shoulder and Castiel gave him a winded look.
Dean sat on Castiel’s hips then grabbed his jeans from where they’d been thrown across the bed. Castiel took the opportunity to admire the sight before him—Dean on his lap, completely naked and hard, his erection a perfect, rosy hue as it sat beside Castiel’s. Castiel moved his hands up Dean’s thighs, feeling the firm muscle buried there.
“So how is everything? I’d heard it’s been kinda crazy over here.”
Dean smiled and adjusted the cock ring. He slipped it off Sam’s throbbing cock balls, and set it by his phone. Then he got on his knees, still stroking himself, and swallowed Sam into his mouth.
“You can’t… just. Oh god.”
Castiel took a deep breath, refilled his own mug, and got to work, trying hard to ignore the emptiness filling his chest.
“A double bacon cheeseburger. I had to sneak it in. Dr. Hannah isn’t a fan of grease so…”
Dean tried to thrash, but Cain’s grip was as strong as the chains.
Castiel studied the list, thankful that no one else could see it. He felt crazy. He considered texting Dean to ask his opinion, but he didn’t want Dean to think he was a freak who believed in ghosts. Dean had probably just gotten lucky when making up ghost repellents for the kids.
“So… uh, the breaker.”
Castiel smiled. The man was sort of cute. He had short brown hair pushed back out of his sun-kissed face, bright green eyes, and was fairly freckly. His jeans had grease stains and his hands were calloused, but he was a much friendlier sight than the two teenagers Castiel had just chased out of his yard.
CastielMichaelLucifer
As expected, there was a large reading near the sink, specifically along the wall underneath it. Still, the amount surprised Dean. He had never seen it so high so soon after a family moved in. The reading increased in front of the screen door, and it spiked when Dean opened it and crossed the threshold. Dean glanced around the porch, deaf to the birds singing around him, then went back inside. He stared at the corner of the living room and took a deep breath.
Across the hall, Sam put on rain sounds to fall asleep. Dean had let him borrow his noise cancelling headphones earlier, something Sam tried not to think about as he drifted off.
Castiel opened his eyes again, “Hm?”
He spent a while longer sucking his brother’s cock, relishing in all the sounds and moans he could draw out of him at will. He even flicked his tongue into Sam’s slit, knowing that it was the secret spot that made him freeze up with arousal.
Sam’s pupils were blown. Dean let Sam pull his arm towards him with trembling hands. Dean leaned over his brother and watched greedily as Sam pressed his lips to his flesh.
“Yeah.”
It didn’t last, however. Castiel soon began to writhe again, and when Dean got tired of getting up every ten minutes he begrudgingly moved the covers aside and laid down beside Castiel. He stirred and mumbled something about bees, but Dean shushed him and he fell quiet again. The warmth of Dean’s side against Castiel’s back seemed to do the trick, and it wasn’t until a door slammed an hour later that Dean realized he, too, had fallen asleep, his head drooped on Castiel’s shoulder.
Now that he was in the attic again, he realized how insane the paramedic’s confidential report really was. It would be nearly impossible for someone to catch fire and not have it spread. The ceiling was sloped upwards, leaving a tall empty space in the middle of the room, but there were beams and pillars everywhere and everything was made of wood. He could see where new wood had been installed after the fire, and wondered how much of the house had burned that night.
In the smallest bedroom upstairs, Meg was fast asleep on her bed. Her room was small and bright, with bumblebees printed on the curtains. The bees fluttered in the breeze as she slept, unaware of her dad working in his office or her eldest brother coming inside for a drink of water, or of the strange movement in the hallway just outside her room.
After another curious look, Dean accepted this answer and didn’t ask any more questions. Grateful, Castiel let him inside, subtly tossing the remains of the sage out the front door behind him.
Dean's smile widened. He dabbed at his eyes. "Shut up."
"Oh," Gabriel crooned, "Someone's angling for a promotion."
Garth smiled. “Hey, there’s nothing wrong with it.” Then he said seriously, “We’ve gotten every family out so far. No reason to think this one will be any different. I just wish we could stop this thing for good, you know? But if it is a demon… well, it would explain why nothing’s worked,” Garth said quietly.
Charley had gotten up. He walked to the staircase and stopped, his head tilted towards the dark hallway upstairs. A cloud drifted across the sky outside and Charley’s face was briefly illuminated by moonlight—His eyes were closed, but his pupils were moving rapidly beneath their lids. Slowly but surely, he began to sleepwalk up the stairs.
He was so close to Sam’s ear, speaking so softly that Sam could feel his voice vibrating through him.
“I just noticed this crack, though. Want me to patch it up for you tomorrow? Won’t take long,” Dean offered.
Castiel sighed. “Go back to bed, girls,” he said. “You too, Charley.”
,” Claire said, taping up the corner of a poster. “Besides, Halloween is like, the only holiday worth celebrating. You get to dress up as monsters and scare people and you get free candy.”
Castiel didn't flinch. He maintained his hold on Dean's arm and said, "Take off your jacket."
Gabriel scooped up some of Sam’s cum and added that to the lube in Sam’s ass. Then he was standing up once more and breeding him again. Gabriel got well passed eight, making a pool of cum at the floor between Sam’s legs. When he sensed Sam had gone completely submissive, he freed his collar and wrist restraints from the leather seat, then removed his gag. He pulled Sam up so he could rest his back against Gabriel’s chest as he fucked him. Sam stayed exactly where Gabriel put him. Gabriel held him up by the collar and kissed him, letting Sam taste their cum combined on Gabriel’s tongue. Some of it seeped out the side of Sam’s mouth.
“Was there anything about a sledgehammer?” Castiel asked.
“No...” Castiel leaned down and kissed him gently. He was nearly laying on him, their bodies rolling together with each thrust. Dean trembled. “I mean, you should know that I truly, deeply, care about you. More than anyone.”
“Refer me?” Dean repeated. He wished he could see Castiel’s face. It was impossible to get a read on him over the phone, but he could have sworn Castiel sounded distant. “I thought… what’s going on?” He asked, trying to keep the accusation out of his voice.
On Dean.
“Cas.” Sam mumbled weakly.
Dean glanced at him gently. "Don't worry about it."
Garth nodded again.
Sam and Dean exchanged looks.
"Dean?" Castiel said, beginning to see that Dean was in pain, "Did I hurt you?"
Dean nodded. "Yup. Worst one of my life. I couldn't aim a gun for a week."
He was just settling in for an evening of restless boredom when he saw someone in jeans and flannel come into the room. Dean stared at him in surprise.
Castiel frowned.
It was moments like these when Dean’s rational failed him. People often considered it one of his strengths; He never felt nervous before a fight, he never worried about the plan, his thoughts just stopped, allowing him to charge head first into danger. But in this situation, it wasn’t a strength at all. Dean’s thinking had completely abandoned him, leaving him only able to consider the unthinkable. He glanced at the metal storage door, visualizing Sam outside waiting for Rowena.
Dean’s professional expression softened a little. He looked conflicted for a moment, as if he wanted to say something, but then he asked, “Six? I thought you had four kids.”
“I want you in bed. Now!”
A strange emotion was filling Dean that rendered him momentarily speechless. He stared at Sam, realizing how much he’d grown. and he suddenly understood what he was feeling was pride.
Castiel stared at the door, confused by what he was hearing. It took a moment for his brain to remind him that knocking was possibly the most normal sound to have ever come from that door and he should probably put the poker down and answer it.
Dean reached out and Castiel turned slightly, letting him rub a speck of paint off his elbow. Dean must have been working outside all morning because he was radiating summer heat. Castiel could feel it over his shoulder. He smelled like grass, sweat, and gasoline. It was a surprisingly pleasant combination. Castiel felt Dean’s hand accidentally graze Castiel’s side, and Castiel’s heart leapt.
The poster was made on cheap printer paper and advertised a business of some sort. Two young men stared cockily at the camera, their expressions so serious that it looked ludicrous. But Castiel had seen them before—they were the two young men who were in his backyard the day he moved in. Beneath them was the title:
They didn’t look at each other or say goodbye. Sam cast one last glance at the door, then headed down the hallway. Castiel watched him vanish, his footsteps receding into the ringing silence. Castiel could still hear the lockdown alarm reverberating in his ears. He buttoned the sleeves of his shirt, suppressed a cough, then opened the door to room 7B.
“When you’re finished, why don’t you come inside?” Castiel said. “I made lemonade.”
By the next day, Sam was back to normal. He conceded that maybe, just maybe, Dean had something to do with it. Dean, on the other hand, was insisting that Sam refer to his dick as Dr. Winchester from now on. Sam did not do this.
ABO, Alpha!Cas, Alpha!Balthazar, Alpha x Alpha, Top!Cas, Bottom!Balthazar, anal
“It’s okay, really,” Dean grinned.
“Great plan, Dean.” Sam muttered to himself, “If another werewolf comes I’ll just tell them to form a queue. ‘Your murder is very important to us.’” Sam huffed, “Once my brother’s done getting ass we’ll be right with you.”
They laid back down together, Castiel pulling Dean to him as he lay on his back. Dean kissed him lazily, enjoying the silence. The window was open and a cool breeze was blowing in. It was extremely relaxing. Castiel could have slept for days, basking in Dean’s warmth.
“Hey, the human body is nothing to ashamed of. It’s a thing of beauty.” Dean informed him, “Don’t censor me.”
It was infectious. Castiel smiled in amusement, idly rubbing Dean’s arm. Finally, he replied, “I’m glad you left.”
Castiel and Dean seemed to agree not to talk about what had just happened. As Meg awoke, she began insisting on putting marshmallows in everything. Dean gave Castiel an apologetic smile behind her back, but even that brief eye contact was short lived. Before Castiel knew it, Charley, Gabe, and Claire were home from school and Dean was heading back to his place.
Dean smirked to himself.
Sam quirked a brow, “Do you want me to join you?” He offered.
“When are you coming to see us?” She asked, then added in a carrying whisper, “We have so much pie.”
Sam glared at him, “Really? Gabriel? You throw me into… into… Office Space and...”
Dean smiled. Castiel thought he saw a hint of bitterness there.
“Meg likes you, you know,” he said.
And then Castiel’s mind began to show him what would have happened if Meg had stayed asleep for just a moment longer…
A few streets away from busy Baltimore Avenue, the residents of Elmwood Avenue were tending their lawns. Elmwood was a green, sunny street with grand oak trees and a nearby park. Lilac trees adorned the front yards, making the late summer breeze smell sweet and welcoming.
Gabriel’s expression fell. “What?” His brow twitched. “Seriously?”
They were in a dilapidated cabin deep in the woods. Sam was out securing the perimeter. Castiel’s chest was heaving from the fight. He was flushed and his hair was a mess, and that old, paper thin Metallica shirt was dampened with Castiel's sweat. Dean didn’t stand a chance.
Charley and Gabe both slammed her door closed.
Dean sighed. "Yeah. I mean, he was in the next room. He knew. Dad never laid a hand on Sammy, but…" Dean trailed off. He wiped his eyes with his palm. "It got better after that. Dad didn't… I mean, he found other ways of dealing with us." When Dean looked at Castiel, Castiel looked upset, hurt even. Dean thought he knew why. Dean got to his feet at last and brushed himself off. "The John you met, or watched, I guess, that wasn't my dad. The John who was destined to marry my mom, that wasn't my dad."
When Castiel realized what he was doing, he stopped at once.
“Jack…”
Dean flashed him a grin then headed back outside. Castiel watched him get into an old car parked on the street. It wasn’t old like Castiel’s SUV—It was a well-maintained, classic Impala. Its engine roared loudly as Dean drove off, sunlight flashing off the shiny black roof. Castiel suddenly found himself grateful to have found that house, despite his unenthusiastic neighbors.
“A demon.” Claire repeated.
When he reached the staircase and looked up, noone was there. His eyes happened upon the wall beside him and he saw something that made him his heart sink. There were small, sooty footprints walking up the wall. His eyes seemed to follow them of their own accord. They walked up, ignoring gravity completely, and continued on the ceiling under the second story landing.
Dean nodded slowly. “Okay… sure. Go for it.” Dean didn’t really know what he was agreeing to, but he realized something when Gabriel put a finger to his forehead. “Wait!”
“Good morning sunshine.” Gabriel rasped.
The flavors burst in his brain and shot straight to his cock. He tasted like sex; pure, raw, Alpha sex. Dean’s knuckled grazed the tattoo, and he could see the rest of it down his trousers. Dean grabbed them with both hands and hurriedly unbuttoned them, eager to taste more. Ketch grabbed Dean’s short hair and leaned into him as Dean licked a wide path up his tattoo. Ketch shuddered and pushed Dean back against the chair, making it skid into the table.
“I want you to fuck me.” Castiel said.
The hunt had started off innocent enough. Ketch didn’t have any friends, you see. And Sam, well, as Dean put it, he had a habit of taking in strays. He was sensitive. Yes, that’s what it was, sensitive. Anyhow, Sam discovered that Ketch spent his evenings alone and decided to offer his friendship. These were trying times, he said, and it was important to stick together, previous complications and attempted assassinations aside. So Sam invited Ketch to join him on a local hunt. Nothing major, in case Ketch tried to murder him again or what have you.
“And you know that, years later, two of the children were found here. In the walls?”
Sam shuddered and moaned quietly. He was getting off on this. Big time. He was so close. He just needed Dean to keep using his tongue like that. Just a little more...
Rowena snarled and stepped out from behind Balthazar, "It's over, Winston! Over! I don't want to see you anymore!"
Crowley was having a terrible day in Hell. The contracts were never-ending, the demons were petty and insufferable, and there was never enough infant blood to go around. At four o clock Crowley fancied himself a kip and slipped away to his royal bed chambers. Except, he heard an odd noise coming from inside. It sounded like a woman dying in agony. He pushed the doors open, hoping it was his mother.
Castiel’s expression went from confused to livid in an instant, and Dean realized all too late that he was still holding the rifle and the shadow figure was gone.
“Call it intuition.” The man chuckled wryly. Then he gestured to the basket and asked, “May I join you?”
Gabriel watched his back bow as he took everything Gabriel had, and it drove Gabriel wild. “Oh, Dean-o… you are absolutely... gorgeous.” He groaned. “That’s it. Take it. Take my cock. I want to fill you to the brim.”
They only paused again at the very end when they’d run out of air and Mrs. Bishop returned.
The next few days passed in a haze for Castiel. He’d insisted the kids go back to school, if only to maintain some normalcy in their lives, while Castiel and Jack moved the remains of their possessions to Donna’s cabin.
Dean wasn’t a stranger to physical pain, but he found his tolerance had lowered significantly since the surgery, and all he could think about was how much more endurable it would be if it was Castiel helping him through it. By the time the thirty minutes were over, Dean felt exhausted and humiliated. He was glad Garth had driven him and not Sam. He had never quite grown out of the need to always be the big brother to him, even in a brace and crutches.
, because it was just too funny not to include XD
Dean put his head on Castiel’s shoulder as if in exasperation, but Castiel knew it was a hug. He put his arms around Dean’s back and felt Dean do the same. The seconds that passed were the longest and most sublime he’d ever experienced. Castiel felt his throat prickle again, but this time he didn’t cough. He sniffed.
Dean wouldn’t have believed Castiel’s lips could be so soft. Castiel kissed him back, feeling Dean’s lips gently, curiously, and Dean felt all of his fears and insecurities wash away. The cabin was suddenly warm again and Dean’s mind drifted pleasantly into space.
The boys suddenly flew away from the door. Charley ran to Claire’s stereo and turned it off.
A sound from the hallway made both Dean and Castiel look over. Sam was watching them with what Dean thought was entirely too much understanding.
“Really?” Gabriel asked, enjoying his honestly. “A stud like you? Oh, I feel so lucky...” He gave Dean a long thrust, earning a shuddering moan from him. “Don’t worry, I’ll take care of it for you. I’ll ruin you for every other man, angel and demon.”
“That’s it, Sam. Relax.” Crowley cooed. Sam’s prostate went as untouched as Sam’s cock, pulsing just as hungrily, “We’ll be doing this all night.”
Castiel shifted in the bath as Sam got up. He looked like a god emerging from pools of lust, slick soapy water running down his hard body, his hair wet and splayed around his jaw… and of course, completely erect. Castiel swallowed a moan of want.
"I'll stop, if it's…" Castiel said automatically, but then he paused. Dean could see that? Did he mean he could actually
“Well I… you called me up here, sir,” Sam said, confused. “If I could just...”
Gabriel kissed his temple, “So… what do you want to name all our kids?”
“You should've eaten them, daddy,” Meg said. She was lying on her belly in the living room and watching Felix slink around the floor. “Opened your mouth up real wide and…” She mimed chomping with her hands.
Castiel x Sam!Lucifer x Dean!Michael, Implied WinCasWin and/or Wincest
Despite this improved silence, neither of them heard the bunker's door close from upstairs. It wasn't until they heard a pained intake of breath that they realized they were no longer alone.
Dean sucked Sam senseless on the couch. He was getting hard so quickly that Dean was actually impressed. Surely such drastic blood redirection wasn’t good for a cold, but Dean was thinking more in the long term. Sam needed sleep, and Dean was going to give it to him. Even if it took a little persuading. He lapped and sucked Sam’s growing cock, feeling it expand heavily on his tongue. It was actually pretty hot. Soon Sam was thrusting weakly off the couch, his hands grasping uselessly at Dean’s short hair. Dean put a hand on Sam’s stomach, keeping his ass on the couch and rendering him motionless once again. Dean sucked greedily, getting off on just how much precum he was drawing out of him. It filled his mouth and dripped down his throat.
Castiel smiled.
“What the hell, Dean?” Sam gawked at him.
“What if I like it pulled?” He licked his lips.
Sensing that Sam needed help, Crowley reached down and squeezed his balls again. Sam grunted and whined, trying to curl in on himself. But it worked. Sam felt a fresh wave of submissive ecstasy and went pliant.
When Castiel had calmed enough to speak, he couldn’t help but go on. “I was trying to save Heaven, to save you, I tried… so hard… but nothing I did…” he hiccuped, shoulders shuddering.
Dean skidded down the upstairs hallway and saw the attic door hanging open. The smell hit him like a physical force. Meg’s room was at the end of the hallway and the door was shut. Dean grabbed the handle, but it was locked. Taking a shallow breath, he backed up and kicked it. The door flew inwards with a bang, and the smell of sulfur overpowered him. For a moment he thought he saw black fire in the middle of Meg’s room, but then it moved. It rose up into a tall, broad shadow figure hovering over Meg’s bed. Dean didn’t think. He raised the shotgun and fired.
Ketch’s expression tightened at once, but Dean’s loosened.
There was no point feigning ignorance. Dean balled up some newspaper and began stuffing it under the wood before continuing. "Dad took us here when we were kids," he explained. "Sam had been hunting for about a year, and I think the thrill had worn off. He didn't want to come. It pissed my dad off so much,” Dean smiled. “Sam, he… he was a natural." Dean paused to grab more newspaper. "I wasn't. I followed my dad's every rule, and still… I had to work twice as hard as Sam. So dad said, 'fine, stay here and pout' and he took me out into the woods, alone. Now I was pissed at Sam, too.” Dean struck a match slid it under the wood. “He was just… so different from dad and I. Without even trying. You know dad, he… he never disciplined Sam like he did me." For a moment it looked like Dean hadn’t meant to say it. He bent down and blew on the flames, causing smoke to rise in serpentine spirals between the logs. He kept fiddling with it until the papers were in flames. "So Dad and I went hunting the wendigo."
Dean could tell Sam was eager to leave the cabin, but suddenly Dean didn't feel the same way.
"If you want me to," Castiel said simply.
Castiel smiled, then gave Dean a ‘what-ever works’ kind of look. Meg had apparently enjoyed it.
They fluttered over the table briefly, an ashy shadow of their once magnificent, inky blue splendor. This wing still hurt a little, but he knew it wasn't from the fall. Dean's body had long been rebuilt, losing him the handprint that had once immortalized his rescue from Hell, but Castiel's wing still bore the matching scar.
“That’s right, Crowley told me all about it. You won’t kill another angel, you won’t tell Sam the truth, what are you even doing here? Sam had this under control. Are you just trying to feel useful? Because you’re not.” Dean smiled triumphantly. “We don’t need you, Cas. We never did. Crowley was a better friend to me in the last month than you ever were.”
Charley had gotten the idea to use holy water, so Castiel bought a cross. He hoped it was still considered holy, even if it had a ‘clearance’ sticker on it. Inspired by Charley’s revelation, Gabe picked out the biggest water gun in the store. Castiel let him put that in the cart, too. Castiel had never been very religious, but accepting that ghosts existed brought up startling new equations that Castiel didn’t have the energy to resolve yet. Claire contributed by finding an iron crowbar and an iron pipe the size of a baseball bat from the auto aisle. Resigned to getting the strangest of looks from the cashier, Castiel finally headed to the check out lane.
Castiel squinted at him.
Crowley’s smile darkened, “Not yet, love. First I’m going to screw myself and make you watch. I want you to see the pleasure I’m denying you.” True to his word, Crowley slipped his cock out of his pants, allowing Sam to look all he wanted. Crowley knew Sam loved his cock. Crowley hadn’t sold his mortal soul for nothing, “I want you to imagine that it’s your cock in my hand, getting stroked and pet and fondled, while you’re helpless to stop it. To do anything but take it.” Crowley said, his eyes foreboding.
Before they left, Sheriff Mills told Castiel that she’d arranged a patrol to watch over their house in shifts that night, so someone would be close by in case anything happened. Then they bade each other goodnight and headed to their cars.
Dean and Benny decided not to ask any questions.
Dean’s smile warmed, and Castiel flushed a little. It was a nice feeling. He’d felt numb all afternoon, but it was as if a weight had shifted off of him.
Sam laughed breathlessly. The cage was more snug than Sam imagined.
Sleeping, First Times (Debriel Creations Challenge)
Sam had noticed Castiel acting weird lately. He suspected something was going on between him and Dean,
Dean chuckled. They held hands in the silence of the bunker, their forearms pressed together, the Mark of Cain matching the needle marks. Castiel once again felt time passing in slow, blissful seconds. Two humans, reunited.
Soon Dean was leaning over Castiel, bending his knees and letting Castiel thrust into him. Castiel took him into his arms, kissing him distractedly. Dean groaned into the kiss. They shared messy, breathless kisses as they moved, rolling their hips in unison. Castiel raked his hands up Dean’s back, then moved down to hold his ass.
"Dean...Dean, the ring… please," Sam grunted.
Castiel’s eyebrows rose slowly. “Really?”
“Well, welcome to Derby,” he held out his hand and shook Castiel’s firmly. “I’m Dean Smith. I figured I’d stop by and see if you needed a hand with anything.”
Dean reached down and clamped a sweaty hand over Ketch’s mouth, giving him a cocky look. Dean could bottom all day long, but he wasn’t taking Ketch’s sass now. Dean was no sub.
Dean rubbed his back until his cough subsided and he collapsed back on the couch.
Castiel groaned and growled in the angel trap, “Dean…” he took a deep, unsettling breath, “...come here.”
The phone rang for a while before Castiel answered it. Dean was worried he’d called at a bad time, but when Castiel answered he sounded calm.
“Cassie.”
The sound of footsteps slowly joined the sounds of Dean’s breathing and the hum of the fridge. The door to room 7B opened, and neither Castiel nor Dean turned around. They knew who was rushing in.
“Stop!” He shouted. “Is this what you really want? Huh? You’re going to kill yourself!”
Sam went limp in his bonds, and Crowley knew Sam was done. He pulled the last few inches of his cock out of Sam, loving how completely lax his muscles were. Crowley zipped himself up, then walked around Sam.
Castiel shut his eyes, his face held tight in Sam's grip.
Despite the bunker being occupied by two people and an angel, it was unusually quiet. It had been that way since that morning, when Mary left.
In what would be a surprising but not unwelcome turn of events, Balthazar found himself bent over the edge of his four poster while Castiel fucked him with that glorious, Alpha-human Jimmy's cock. Sure, Jimmy was in Heaven, and now Balthazar was, too.
Gabriel found Sam having his way with two girls at once, the evidence of hours of debauchery displayed around them. And Sam… Sam was thinking of Gabriel while he came. All three times. His thoughts were so depraved and endless that even Gabriel was impressed.
“Oh, Clarence,” Meg caressed his face with surprising tenderness.
Sam tells Dean and Castiel that they have to wear clothes at all time. He didn’t say whose clothes they have to wear. Dean and Castiel discover they rather enjoy each other wearing their clothes. For SPN Bingo.
The front door had indeed been open, and the house was full of fresh, summer air. Castiel supposed the realtor had been by to tidy up. He walked up the porch steps and into the cool shade, then stepped inside and looked around.
Dean smiled slightly. “I don’t spook that easily.”
Gabriel gave him a mock laugh, and was lunged upon by Einstein, followed by Gabe and Meg.
Castiel’s voice jolted Dean back to reality. Castiel was coming down the stairs and staring at him. Dean did a double-take, but the corner of the room was empty and dark.
The look Sam gave him in return, absolutely wrecked with desire, had Crowley coming at last. He groaned tightly and came on Sam’s cock and balls, “Every inch of you. Mine.” He purred.
Sam took Dean's cock so often now that he barely needed to stretch. Still, first thing in the morning, it was rough. Dean pressed in without warning, and Sam groaned on the table, his body filled immediately with pleasured pain.
"Tell us what you know!"
A dark hole had appeared where the stain had been—a hole in which a small, disfigured body was facing at him, cached grotesquely in the network of pipes. An eye stared blindly at him in what had once been the face of a child. Castiel fell back onto the floor, his whole body going cold with shock.
“Perfect.” Crowley smiled, “Until tomorrow, Samantha.”
She giggled even more, and Castiel chuckled. She handed him her dinosaur like a consolation prize and Castiel took it.
“M...mary?”
Castiel and Dean smiled at each other.
Kaia watched in amusement, but her look of curiosity suddenly flew away as Claire reached out for the door handle.
As if emerging from a pool, the house felt suddenly warm and empty. It was as if Jack and the kids had just left. Castiel had no idea how long he stood there, his heart pounding against his ribs. Somewhere in the distance he heard a truck pass by. The sound was so mundane that it pulled Castiel back to reality. He lowered the poker and looked around, his expression wrought with exhaustion. He saw the clock on the wall above the TV and realized the kids
Lucifer and Michael rarely agreed on anything. When they did agree on something, their pride prevented them from acknowledging it. The only beings Michael and Lucifer agreed with less than each other were Sam and Dean Winchester.
“He can come in if he wants,” Castiel replied at last.
“Given what?” Mary demanded, trembling from head to foot.
“Yeah,” Castiel said shortly.
“Atta boy, Sammy,” Dean murmured, closing his black eyes in bliss.
It was becoming increasingly difficult to breathe inside 525 Elmwood. Smoke was swirling thickly on the ceiling as the house burned. Dean was on his knees, helping Castiel to his feet.
“He really called the Ghostfacers, huh?” Garth asked, trying to lighten the mood.
Dean smiled at her. “No problem.”
Dean paused, looked down, then shrugged and kept drinking.
“I just put Meg down for a nap in her room,” Jack told him pleasantly.
Dean shrugged.
“Dean...”
Castiel looked back at the dark wreckage of his house. All four children had been there, after all.
“Uh, Dean?” Castiel asked, not entirely sure what he wanted to say.
Castiel grinned back.
There was nothing but the sound of panting and gasping for a few moments. Then Dean finally spoke.
Rimming
“Garth…”
Castiel began removing his own pants, and Dean was happy to see that he was just as erect, if not more, than Dean. He watched hazily as Castiel leaned over him, his wings spreading high above them, and took both of their erections into his hand.
Sam’s smile warmed, rubbing spurts of precum out of Dean’s cock. “Deal.”
going to be here with you.”
Gabe eyed him. “When did you get so lame?”
“Sam, that’s so bloody good.” Ketch panted.
“It’s pointless, Cas,” Dean breathed. “There’s no saving either of us. You know that.”
Sam urged him on, groping and kissing him all over, until Dean finally felt Sam’s growing knot press between his cheeks. They groaned in unison as it pressed against Dean’s opening.
No one spoke about ghosts that morning. Castiel and his kids were all too tired, and nobody had the energy to worry about anything aside from getting ready for school. Still, it was a much better morning than the previous one. Charley led Gabe and Claire out the door with ten minutes to spare, and Castiel walked Meg to her preschool with plenty of time to do some work at home before going into his office.
“Huh.” Sam huffed nervously, not turning around. Crowley hadn’t even touched him, and his body was already vibrating, “And what’s that?”
Castiel was looking between them, his expression softened. “He is,” he agreed.
“Wait, so it wasn’t suicide?” Jack asked.
“What’s the email say?” Sam asked curiously.
“Dean...” he sputtered, “I want you.”
“Cas!”
Castiel came in wearing a pair of Dean's pajamas and looking extremely well rested. Dean smiled warmly at him. Sam looked away, but he was smiling, too. Maybe, just maybe, the clothing thing was kind of cute.
Dean paused, then shrugged and finished the carton off.
Sam grinned, “Did you think I wouldn’t notice that?”
“Do you… do guys really live there?”
“Dean!” Sam gasped, fighting back instinctively.
Sam was nearly gone, but Dean kept his hold on the collar and kept him going. At times it was the only thing keeping him moving. Sam was so breathless and horny, he could barely orientate himself to keep sucking. His thighs shook as Dean reaffirmed his grip, making sure to brush Sam's neck with his knuckles. Sam was leaning against Dean's thighs, his hips shaking as Dean sporadically rubbed his defenseless cock, now leaking onto Dean's leather boot.
Sam beat his chest with his fist, going red. “No! He just…”
Dean looked at him. He knew that voice. It was Castiel. The Castiel. Or most of him, anyway.
It was the oddest, most wonderful sensation Sam had ever felt. He lay there peacefully, letting Castiel lick him clean. He had no idea how his tongue could be so arousing and so relaxing at the same time. When Castiel was finally satiated, he helped Sam up.
“Let’s try Wal-Mart first,” Castiel smiled at her. “We can pick up groceries for dinner with Jack while we’re there, too.”
“Cas… what…?”
Sam was taken aback. Not because he knew his name - Sam's department wore nametags, to everyone's chagrin - but how many janitors liked their job that much? He gave the man an awkward head tilt and looked away again. The elevator was definitely taking too long, and was it just him or was the music getting louder?
Castiel felt a fresh wave of guilt. “Well, thank you, Dean.”
“Or… you could text,” she countered.
Just as Dean had gotten enough and was about to look away, he saw it. Among Ketch’s religious and esoteric tattoos, he had one that didn’t quite fit in. It was tucked away beneath the hem of his pants where the cardamom smell was the strongest, but Dean recognized it immediately. He looked up at Ketch in surprise, who was staring down at him with an odd, piercing expression.
Dean looked back at him and nodded. He was completely roughed up and tousled-haired. He looked drunk. It made Gabriel’s arousal soar. He pulled Dean into a kiss, their first kiss, and in the next second Gabriel’s wings faded and they were back in the bunker.
Sam’s jaw was clenched tight and his eyes were wide.
Castiel gave her a look.
Dean groaned through his teeth and clenched down, but the muscles surrounding Castiel’s cock didn’t respond. Dean had never felt so violated. Castiel slid it without any resistance, spreading Dean further apart with every inch of his throbbing cock. Dean nearly hyperventilated. It was the most intense sensation he’d ever felt. He couldn’t take it. He thrashed in an attempt to relieve some of the pressure, but Castiel just grappled him even more effectively. Dean could feel his hungry breath beating against the back of his neck and Dean moaned. He actually moaned. A rush of fear paralyzed him. Sam was just outside. But it was so hard to keep quiet with Castiel filling Dean to the brim. And when he began fucking him without any reprieve, Dean shoved a fist into his mouth to keep from shouting.
Castiel looked so tired and incredulous that it reminded Dean of Sam. "Dean," he said firmly, "I don't want better. And neither should you."
"Hello boys! My what a party you all are having! Hope you don't mind one more." She sang, trotting right up to Sam.
Finally, when everything on Dean’s screen seemed to be free of porn or creepy ghost girls, Dean said, “Sit down.”
"Well," Tessa said at last. "I'm happy for you, Cas. I really am. Cheers," and she held up her cup of punch in a toast.
Dean smiled, despite the pounding in his head. Castiel came running in seconds later and scooped Meg up, apologizing repeatedly.
“I am,” Garth said. He started to get into the ambulance, but then paused and turned to Castiel. He looked like he wanted to apologize, but before he could say a word Castiel pulled him into a hug.
“You were
“Sorry. Have
Dean glared at him.
“Hm,” Dean said, “Do you know anyone named Mr. Freeley?”
Castiel glanced at him. Dean’s green eyes were burning into his.
Crowley gave a self-satisfied smile. He watched Sam expose himself piece by piece, looking nervous but resolute. Crowley tilted his head, knowing that Sam loved it when he watched. Crowley hummed as Sam finally removed his boxers, exposing his half hard erection. Crowley stalked over to him, taking the full, breathtaking picture.
Castiel rushed inside and froze. He was soaked, tousled-hair, and looking frantic. For a moment he seemed confused. “Meg! I came as soon as I could. What’s… the matter...” His eyes followed Meg’s hand hypnotically as she touched herself, “Why are you...”
“We think, anyway,” she added quickly. “All they found were bone fragments, but we’re pretty sure it’s them. I don’t know if you knew, but there was another fire in your house a while back. If I’m not mistaken, the first fire took place in the same location where we uncovered the fragments today. We think the two missing kids had been cremated this whole time.”
It was by chance that Castiel glanced up at the attic door as he walked into the hallway. There was a stain on it that hadn’t been there the day before. Castiel frowned. He added that to his mental to-do list then went downstairs to make coffee.
“Hey, now...” Gabriel wagged a finger at him, “I did you a favor.”
Castiel cleared his throat."I uh… my wings. They were uneven. I was just fixing them." He flushed slightly, realizing how unimportant it was.
Dean grinned breathlessly.
Ketch planted his hand firmly on Sam’s ass and rolled their hips together. “Are you challenging me, Mr. Winchester?” He rose a brow.
“So do I, Dean,” Garth said. “So does Sam. You don’t want something like that for yourself?”
“A hundred.” Sam answered seriously.
Charley didn’t want to see the exorcisms, but he couldn’t wake himself up. He was trapped in that small attic room while Mr. Bishop screamed and cursed at his wife. There were times when he would come to his senses and beg his wife to free him. Those were the worst in Charley’s opinion. He sobbed and groaned, and Mrs. Bishop would do the same. But then Mr. Bishop would change. Charley watched from the corner of the attic in horror as, in a terrifying transformation, his face split into a grin.
They shared a mutual silence, both of them smiling to themselves.
“Shut up.”
Dean nearly jumped.
“Wait, what did you say?” Dean looked back at Meg and Jack, even as Castiel pushed him forwards. “
Castiel held Dean to him, kissing him on the war table. The compressing, creeping silence that had plagued the bunker evaporated at last. The bunker felt bigger, and Castiel's wings felt too heavy to carry. It was a wonderful weight.
Sam moaned.
Charlie gave him a furtive smile. “...Mary Bishop had been a victim of ‘spontaneous human combustion’. He said there was no other explanation. The fire that killed her burned only her body. Nothing else in the attic was affected. In fact, one of her hands was completely intact, and the fire had gone out on its own long before they arrived.”
“Bitch.” Dean grinned, looking sideways at him.
Dean’s head drooped onto his chest, so Cain picked his chin up. He held him there, blindfolded and staring at nothing while Cain’s stormy eyes took in his form. “Silence does not equal acceptance. Just because you are quiet does not mean you are conquering your pain.”
The demon giggled.
“Not at all,” the man took another slow sip. “It means it’s working.”
Jack had barely settled in before the kids asked if they could take Jack to the Field Station to see the dinosaurs (“You know that’s a museum, right?” Claire told her brothers). Jack offered to take them himself to give Castiel some peace and quiet before dinner, so Castiel agreed. He gave Jack the keys to the SUV and told him to text if he needed anything.
Sam slid a hand down Castiel’s leg and found Castiel’s hand around his erection. Castiel removed his hand, and Sam took over. Sam massaged his foot with one hand, while his other massaged his cock.
Charley looked surprised, but Dean just smiled.
“Can’t. I don’t have my phone. Sam should.”
Dean didn't look up. "Hey."
Castiel squinted at the wall and walked over to it slowly. It was cracked again.
Garth chose not to comment on this nickname. “Well, that’s good, right? If all goes well this thing will finally reveal itself. We’ll be able to kill it and the Shurleys will never know.”
“Is this Megan Shurley?” She asked eagerly.
Lucifer came down Castiel's throat, shutting his eyes lazily and enjoying it.
Claire nodded, swallowing a gummy worm whole.
Sam watched huffily as Dean disappeared again. When he returned he had something in his hand. He walked over to Sam and held out an under-the-tongue thermometer.
Finally Castiel cleared his throat. “That’s… that’s terrible. I knew about some of it but… “ he sighed. Dean’s hand was still on his shoulder, and Castiel felt the urge to say something about it, but he held himself back. He didn’t want to lose that touch. He tried to think of something else to say. “You’re not… you’re not one of those weird, paranormal people, are you?” He tried to joke.
Dean stared at them. Castiel looked downright dangerous, and Jack was staring at him in angry shock.
Dean chuckled, then told them all the gorey details. Gabe and Claire were thrilled. Charley looked slightly nauseous. Meg was sitting on Dean’s bed with him and eating his jell-o.
Sam gasped like he’d come out of water. “Dean!” He panted, looking half drunk. “Ohmygod.” He buried his face in his arms, mouth agape.
Genuine laughter sounded from Claire’s doorway and both girls looked over, furious, to see Gabe clutching the doorframe.
“If you hurt her… I’ll kill you,” he warned.
“They don’t know that…” Kaia smiled slyly.
Sam pressed the elevator button repeatedly. He’d find the janitor again and confront him. If he was the prankster, then maybe he was behind the ghost computer, too. The idea made his heart sink, but his adrenaline spike. He wondered where the janitorial closest were. Would he be there?
She nodded. “Yup.”
Dean loves blowing Cas ♡
“It’s a team sport, hombre,” Garth said cheerfully.
"What?"
Sam beamed at him in relief. Speechless, he took Dean into a hug right there on the floor, then pulled Castiel in as well. Castiel could feel the gratitude rolling off of Sam in waves.
Claire was looking around frantically. She suddenly felt her neck.
Dean glared him.
Dean licked his lips. He still looked unsure, but Castiel’s resolved expression strengthened him. “Alright, well, you said you already knew someone died here, right? A woman and her kids?”
Dean didn't respond. He just leaned against Cas with his hands on Castiel's, his eyes closed, their foreheads pressed together. Dean’s body was so warm. Castiel could feel his sides expand softly with every breath.
“I want you to fight. I want you to feel, and release your pain. I want you to let it hurt and then push it out! I want you to admit to what you want, and not let it control you!”
Castiel eyed him shrewdly, “You sure the dogs did that?”
After dinner they relocated to the living room, and Claire asked to go to Kaia’s. For a moment Castiel hesitated. He wanted to keep everyone together. The feeling of foreboding that had settled inside of him ever since his conversation with Mortimer was growing, and Castiel was afraid to lose sight of any of his kids for too long. But then Claire gave him a look, and Castiel knew he had already told her she could go.
Rowena giggled and pressed herself against Balthazar.
They thought they heard Garth whisper in a happy yet somewhat frantic voice, “Meg! Don’t go in there…!”
Dean felt Castiel stir. Castiel opened his bleary eyes to look at him, and Dean felt himself smile. He didn’t feel like speaking yet, so he kissed Castiel's cheek. Castiel didn't move away or say anything, but Dean felt Castiel smile. They lay like that, cheek to cheek, both awake but not speaking, just laying in each other’s arms.
“Mind if I grab another cup?”
Sam’s face fell, “Cas, what did you...” He looked at the tub, which was now more bubbles than water, or even Castiel. Sam gaped at him, “Seriously? Did you use the whole bottle?”
Sam turned on Dean at once. “I am going to kill you.”
One of the downsides of being friends with Castiel was that he rarely let himself go. He never laughed at Dean’s jokes, never fell for Sam’s puppy dog look, and he never reacted when Dean got a great head-shot. It was disappointing to say the least. He was just so brutally honest that unless something really struck him, you wouldn’t even know he was paying attention. That’s why if he actually laughed at movie Dean made him watch, you knew it was funny. And if he actually moaned while Dean was fucking him, well, then you knew it was damned good.
Castiel stalked over to her and she pulled him onto his knees and into a long awaited kiss. Castiel was soaked, but Meg didn’t care. She held him close, her breasts pressing against the panels of his damp trench coat.
“Good...goodnight,” Castiel replied, trying to sound sane. He wasn’t sure if he succeeded, but he hurried back inside all the same, trying not to linger on the spot where the figure had been.
“Let me explain…” Dean tried again.
“Keep calling me that and you will get something inserted rectally. And it won’t be a thermometer.”
"You love this, don't you?" Dean goaded him. "You love taking your brother's cock. You love being knotted and bred like a bitch in heat," Dean breathed in satisfaction, playing with Sam's knot. It wasn’t often an Alpha could knot from bottoming alone, but Dean could get it out of Sam every time.
“Were you thinking about bees again?”
“What happened?” Dean asked.
Crowley wasn’t surprised that Sam loved to be dominated. They had been hooking up for months, and there was very little Crowley didn’t know about Sam anymore. Sam had the endurance, the stamina, and not to mention the sex drive, that made him the perfect plaything. And Sam was just as twisted as Crowley always hoped. The first time Sam submitted was sweeter than sin.
Sam and Jess hopped back outside, both masking embarrassed grins as they rejoined the party. It was a crisp Fall day and the hot tub was on, a patio bonfire had been lit, and everyone was talking warmly to one another. The patio had been fully decorated for Halloween. There were streamers shaped like bats and witches, several handmade Jack-o-lanterns flickering devilishly, and green and purple lights hung everywhere. There was a monstrous bowl of candy by the sliding glass doors, provided by the kids’ uncle, Gabriel.
Dean wove a hand into Sam's hair to keep him from collapsing on Dean's lap. His touch was surprisingly soft. He rubbed the back of Sam’s neck and Sam smiled weakly.
At last, Dean rasped, "Because you deserve better."
Sam let the silence spiral horribly. The windows around them rattled softly in the wind. Castiel sat back down stiffly.
Dean suddenly felt uncomfortable with himself. He couldn't stand sitting still. He got up and walked to the empty fireplace. He could feel Castiel's eyes on him as he examined an old iron poker.
“Alright, alright,” Castiel quieted them. “We can camp out here tonight.” Excited babbling broke out. “But you all have to wake up on time for school tomorrow!” He added, knowing fully well that part would be ignored. Jack smiled in amusement.
“He’d love that,” Castiel smiled back, then watched Mortimer turn and walk to his house across the street.
Sam twitched, feeling his entire world narrow down to the contact he’d been craving for so long. Now, he couldn’t handle it. It was like a lightning bolt through his body. Crowley stroked Sam’s cock lazily, loving how it made Sam’s body jolt and spasm in its post orgasm sensitivity. Crowley even swirled a finger around Sam’s slit. Sam broke the kiss, shaking violently against Crowley’s shoulder.
Sam shot Dean a sly look. Dean cleared his throat, flushing even more, and took the bag stealthily. “You’re the best, Cas.”
“Grave desecration?” Castiel whispered, squinting.
Sam tended to his older brother without hesitation. He even skipped the backtalk. Once Dean passed out, Sam went to the store for popsicles, cold medicine, and beer. At least now Sam could repay the favor.
“Do you really want this?”
Sam was stroking himself, tight lipped and eyes shut, while Ketch ravaged him. Ketch himself was only slightly disheveled, but that alone did wonders for Sam. He could see the lust in Ketch’s eyes and hear it in his voice. He loosened his tie as he began to sweat and threw his jacket off, redoubling his efforts. Sam groaned in encouragement.
“That’s it, Sammy.”
Claire thought about it. “Do you believe in demons?” She asked, her voice overconfident.
“How’s your knee today?” he asked, putting his hands over Dean’s.
Thanks for reading!
Castiel came right there, his pleasure bursting forth in spurts. His eyes fell shut and his jaw dropped. Dean kissed him through his orgasm, and found his own not far behind. With Castiel undulating and gasping beneath him, he didn’t stand a chance. He pulled out just in time and moaned into Castiel’s shoulder as he pumped himself dry.
“That’s...” Castiel rasped. “That’s not how you’re supposed to wear it.”
Dean stared at Sam. Sam was trying, and failing, to hold back a grin. Finally, Dean cracked a smile. “Yeah. I know.”
Castiel and Dean both ignored him.
“How are we going to find Lucifer’s crypt now, Dean?” Sam asked as Dean let them inside.
Dean felt a jolt of arousal. He loved it when Castiel got like this.
