Once inside he closed the door and then pushed emmanuels back against it. He kissed him roughly and passionately. Both of their shirts were gone quickly and then dean spun emmanuel around and lied him on the bed. He lied over him and put one leg between emmanuels two legs. Their lips barely parted as they undressed each other.
Dean was sat on his motel bed. Sam was sat at the table doing some research on his laptop. Cas had gone out to get all of them some food.
Castiel couldn't believe what he was hearing. Dean liked him. Dean wanted him. About as much as castiel wanted dean.
They left the apartment in silence, got into the lift in silence. It was a little uncomfortable. Castiel was sad to be saying goodbye to dean and jet, he was also thinking mostly about the kiss he and dean almost shared. Oh, how he wanted to just grab deans shirt and kiss him stupid.
Dean smiled and then led them both back to the living room. He stopped in front of the shelves and castiel stood to his right side.
Sam looked around and then dean noticed emmanuel/castiel walking over. He was wearing a white shirt which was pretty much showing all of the muscles in his arms, chest and shoulders.
The man returned and smiled softly as he looked at castiel. He handed castiel a red towel which he used to wipe his face and hair. The man used another towel to wipe the hardwood flooring where castiel's shoes had made a puddle.
Cas can see the flicker of something in his husband’s eyes he vowed he would never put there again. He can see Sam working on the angel-banishing sigil. Cas does something no angel has ever done because it was forbidden and relatively unknown, something no human, demon, monster or ever did because they didn’t have the capacity to know.
Dean clears his throat slightly as he scratches the back of his head. “Uh, yeah, about that, uh, your boxing skills?”
He knew he could’ve asked Benny to stay. But Benny had a beautiful wife of his own now, Andrea. And the soft way they were looking at each other on the dance floor didn’t leave room for anyone else.
Dean let out a breath with air filled cheeks. He was gonna enjoy this chance damn it, he knew it would probably never come again. Just him and Cas – no monsters.
. He wanted his life back, with his family. He had gotten into a school that was going to let him major in Music and Mechanical Engineering. And he had even gotten a scholarship. But that all went downhill quick with the whole, ‘You were chosen by God to save lives from the supernatural…” And the flippant way that arrogant bastard said that, like he wasn’t upending Dean’s whole life just pissed him off all the more. But he got Sammy through, he was now an associate at a law firm in Atlanta, with a beautiful doctor for a wife. And here was Dean, barely used guitar in his bedroom, working on cars when he can, and cleaning up a gun range on the weekends. He barely made enough for utilities and the only reason he had the house was because his mom left it to him when she went to Florida with her husband.
, and maybe, hopefully more. If it didn’t make Cas too happy. Dean smirks slightly before he gets angry again.
Zachariah rolls his eyes as he uncrosses his arms and walks over to an armchair that suddenly appeared from another plane. “Yeah, Dean and the other one.”
“Fuck, Cas.” Dean went to the kitchen and came back with a towel and began gently wiping Cas’s face.
Sam was just about to call Dean from the police station parking lot when the Impala pulled up and parked beside the Mustang.
Castiel’s instinct to protect, to take Dean back, to save the man from a pain he deems unnecessary is outweighed by his need to protect whatever random woman Zachariah was referring to.
Cas grabs the pillow and throws it over to the chair on the other side of the room. He gives Dean a shit eating grin and plops his own head dramatically on
Dean made sure their fingers grazed one another for longer than was necessary as he took the tool from Cas’s long fingers. Cas looked at him with surprise through long black lashes.
“Of course. When you said you did not want my grace, it hurt me deeply. Because I would give the last drop of my grace to save you.”
“Cas, that’s not true. You’re fucking amazing. I don’t care about what you know, or what you do. You told me about it, and I’m glad. I can protect myself now, you protect me too. Don’t you get it? You don’t ruin lives just because you’re not normal. You make lives better, dumbass.”
Cas was not used to being on the receiving end of Angel’s power, and frankly he was a bit annoyed by it.
In the beach house - Dean and Cas have their first (kind of) argument as a couple, and Chuck keeps doing that weird eye squinty thing Dean hates. But, he did make waffles.
Touching the ornate handle, he turns around at the precise moment the creature advances upon his crouched form. He shoves the blade into the creature’s chest. The creature backs up, confused. Lee stands up, waiting for the red electricity to move throughout the demon’s body as he has seen countless times before. Instead the creature pulls the blade out of his chest and examines it closely before tossing it haphazardly onto the bed.
Chuck shakes his head as he looks toward the glass doors. Cas comes in and nods at both his father and Dean.
She sits on a chic gray couch, laptop in her lap, cup of tea by her side. She smiles wistfully as she creates her first slide, an overview of the Oedipus complex.
Castiel laments the man could not remember their time in Hell, the moments they shared, the connection. He was sure the other man would feel it through the handprint, but Dean seems far away, even though he is so close. Castiel decides to act as if they are meeting for the first time, because for Dean, they are.
It’d be so easy to kill him right then, so easy to just take his breath from him, crush his windpipe, and the creature thinks about it seriously, consequences be damned.
Castiel knows he cannot, should not, and yet… He shakes his head, looks toward the Heaven as if God Himself will help him. But more than likely the only thing going on in Heaven is Zachariah making sure he did not disappoint the host.
The angel’s eyes look upon the female angel in front of him. “Do you expect me to stop such occurrences? I doubt I have the power, love.”
The Seraph sits at a small table in a small coffee shop in a small town. A woman sits a cup of black coffee in front of him and smiles kindly.
Castiel regards her with sad eyes, disbelief apparent in his grace. Fear rippling through, creating a minor earthquake in the area that will be known as California.
Aside from the part of Marv that was covering him, the remainder of the creature was easily placed into the container. It all stayed in one cohesive unit. Cas was amazed by the viscosity of it, he had never seen or read about anything like it.
“Damn it Cas, don’t you get it by now? I don’t ever want you to leave. I want you here, man, all the time. Why do you think we have movie night, huh? You’re an angel of the Lord, and you’re here with me and Sammy and we watch movies for crying out loud, and you think I want you to leave?!”
“Hey.” Dean runs his hand up and down Cas’s arm and gets the angel to turn to him. “I’m here, Cas, okay. Through it all.”
Cas sighs as he brings his hand up to play with Dean’s hair. “I am being reminded of how wonderful you are. At this moment in my recollections, I am well.”
Uriel straightens as oxygen fills his vessel, he was not going to question Zachariah, not here, but he knew he could possibly find a sympathizer in Castiel, later.
Thank you all so much for the kudos, comments, subscriptions, and bookmarks!! They mean so much to me as the author of this story. It warms my heart to see the comments in my inbox, along with the kudos and the bookmarks/subscriptions! If y'all ever want to see something specific in this story please just let me know! Thank you all so much again!!
And yet, something felt “off”, that piffling, that scratch, that itch in the back of his mind and in the pit of grace.
“She can bake Cas, she does have that going for her, but she could end you.” Ooh, that was good. That was a good reason for not letting Cas ride with her.
Cas smiles at her, “Thank you, that is very kind. However, I think I will have to pass this evening.”
Zebuleon closes his eyes and takes what appears to be a deep breath. “They will not allow you to remain long like this, brother. The heart of your grace reeks with him. They will soon see as I do now. Some unsolicited advice? Flee.”
Castiel makes a motion that would mimic a shrug on a human. “I do not know, nor can I attempt to assume. However…” He waits to continue until Anna is looking at him and joins their grace minutely, her intertwining it more at his invitation. “I imagine it has something to do with those who surround them, and the peace they create within their souls.”
Past Dean sets his face, impassive. “I gotta set a few things right. But I’m guessing you already knew that, yeah?”
The hug was more than a simple embrace, it was a promise. It was platonic and romantic. It offered friendship and romantic pleasure. It was two bodies fitting so well together that time stood still. It was heat, lightning, electricity, calm, serene, cooling, it was the ocean meeting the sand, it was the sun setting so the moon can shine – it was everything.
Cas held his striped tie in his hands. “I will change it since you prefer the other tie better, Dean.”
Castiel looks to the side, unable to meet warm brown eyes that hold all the sincerity humanity and divinity could muster.
“Oh, yeah, well, there’s another couple bedrooms upstairs with a family room in between, it’s kinda a weird house. Mom thought the upstairs would be perfect for me and Sammy, even though we full grown ass men, well almost. We can put it in one of those. Kinda might be nice, having a guest area.”
Castiel’s grace folded into itself. A hole seems to appear in his core. He moves closer to Dean in an attempt to fill it, knowing the brightness of the man’s soul should be able to fill any type of darkness. If he had the emotional equivalent of a heart, it would’ve broken. He studies Dean’s face, his eyes, forcing an intense stare, looking, searching for the soul he met in Hell beyond the visage Dean so readily seemed to abuse, without a thought to himself. He sees the spark and his grace settles. He recalls Dean’s words in Hell.
Charlie texted and asked when their next Marvel night was, and Dean said ‘Friday’ and mentally reminded himself to shower. He was looking forward to it, much more than he cared to admit. So, with all his friends busy with their own lives, and not expecting anyone until Friday (this day being only Wednesday) he was shocked to hear a knock at the door. The only person, well being, who dropped by just literally dropped in.
“Sammy, you have perfected the bitchface, congrats, man. I’d bake you a cake to commemorate, but uh, I don’t bake.”
Then there was the second way. This combined a handmade top and bottom pie crust with frozen cherries made into a filling. This endeavor was shown as taking approximately two hours.
There’s a sort of desperateness there, in his words, his voice. And it pains Castiel’s grace to hear it. Tendrils reach out him, trying to find connection in the handprint, willing the hunter to sense him there, as Castiel so often sensed him.
Dean put two pieces of toast, two sunny-side-up eggs, and four pieces of bacon on each plate. He smiled at Cas as he nodded to the stool on the other side of the kitchen island. They sat across from each other. Cas noticed a jar of apple butter in front of his plate.
An ancient being surveys the tableau in front of him, vague emotions running throughout his contrived form. In every world where Dean Winchester and Castiel meet, they always end up like this. These two were the last to follow suit. But Chuck had to admit, these were the best stories. I mean, yeah, the apocalypse world was kind of interesting, but it had no Sam and Dean, and really, what even was a world without them? The angels there were frickin’ badass though. HunterCorp world was just really strange, ascots and pocket squares were involved. And man buns.
Dean pulls his lower lip into his mouth and bites at skin there. He leaves his shop, locks the padlock behind him, pockets the keys, and heads back into the house.
As Dean is talking, Chuck gets the brown bag he brought in only moments before and takes it over to a chair, obviously scared.
Dean reluctantly put the remaining half of the pie down on the table. Mary brought over a piece of cling wrap to cover it with. Victoria decided that Dean Winchester had mother issues as well as father issues. She decided to never approach that if she could help it.
Cas can feel Dean shift slightly and he moves from his foot to his shin, rubbing up and down in a soothing motion. Dean moves his feet, sits up, turns the pillow over and lays his head in Cas’s lap instead.
Dean knows he promised himself he wouldn’t waste a minute with Cas, but somehow, someway, way back in his mind, he thought there was a chance – that maybe there could be a chance, for the apple pie life, with his angel. Fuck, maybe the dude would have to go human again, but there had to be a way. He was a master at giving up hope, he knew it. He burned Cas’s body and spread the ashes under that windmill in that meadow because he had given up hope – again. He gave up on Mom, he gave up on Jack, he gave up on Cas. He gave up on people before they could give up on him.
"You look so familiar. When we talked at the store, I felt like I'd known you forever"emmanuel sighed
emmanuel didn't reply for a while and dean was biting his thumb as he waited for a reply. Sam was sat with him on the sofa and was watching dean bite his thumbnail and stare at the floor.
Dean put his pie down and layed in his bed. He lied on his back and stared at the ceiling. All he could think about was cas....or emmanuel now as he should get used to calling him. Dean knew he would do anything to try and get castiel back. He just hoped that man was cas.
Later that night castiel was back dressed in the pyjamas dean had given him the night before. Castiel had just had a shower and put on the pyjamas that dean had given him the night before. He walked into the living room and dean was stood in front of the couch. He was wearing shorts that ended just under his knees and he had no shirt on. Castiel tried not to stare as he walked into the room.
Castiel smiled widely and took deans hands hand. Dean led him out to the dance floor. They stood facing each other. Deans left hand rested on castiel's side, his right rested on his shoulder. Castiel put his opposite hands the same as dean.
"I suppose you should heal him. once the curse is over, he'll just be normal danny right?"dean asked cas
"Okay"dean put the remote on the table and then turned to close the curtains. When he turned back around he walked to castiel. Castiel could see a tattoo dean had near his collar bone.
Dean kept pushing the cart as emmanuel put things into it. They paid and then put the things in the trunk of the impala.
Castiel was still shaking as the man opened the door and gently led him inside. He looked around and little but couldn't notice much as he was being led to the couch.
"I don't know what I'm waiting for jet"castiel sighed and looked down at the dog. He was looking up at him. "I don't know whether balthazar will find me at all. I can't find him, I don't have a phone not do I know his number. I don't know where he lives. I'm all alone here and I'm lost even though I am being after by your dean"
"Yes"dean nodded "he's finally free. He's happy. He's getting married. I still want to be his friend though"
Dean returns to bobby's still upset from what happened during the night at the bar with Emmanuel. Dean decided to let Emmanuel go and do trying to get castiel back but when he goes to apologize to Emmanuel and instead of being sorry Emmanuel wants to stay as Dean's friend and forget about it, Dean decided to be friends with Emmanuel without trying to get him to be castiel. But Emmanuel tells Dean's that he's had dreams and when they are alone they can't help but get closer.
Dean leaned down and kissed cas. It felt like it was the first even though they kissed many times before. It was like their first proper kiss as dean and castiel
"I'll get you some warm clothes and you can change if you want"the man said a he knelt in front of castiel
"How about you come to my apartment?. I'll wash your clothes. You can stay there and get warm and head out in th morning"
Dean smiled so wide. The lines formed at the sides of his eyes, dimples showed up next to deans lips.
"She was a fast machine. She kept her motor clean. She was the best Damn woman that I ever seen. She had the sight less eyes. Telling me no lies. Knockin' me out with those American thighs"cas sang to dean softly "taking more than her share. Had me fightin' for air. She told me to come but I was already there"
Dean had picked up emmanuel and they drove to a diner to get some burgers and pie and then they drove to Bobby's house. On the way they started listening to music and dean turned it up.
Balthazar wanted to take castiel to new York but castiel suggested seeing the city a little as he's never seen it before. Of course that was just an excuse, in reality, he didn't want to leave kansas. He wanted to just go back to Deans apartment and sit on the sofa with coffee whilst jet sat on the floor infront of him wagging his tail and lifting his ears up. Then dean walking into the room wearing his loose grey sweatpants and his AC/DC shirt, dean would come and sit next to him and put his feet up over castiel's thighs. Castiel sighed out loud, that would never happen. He couldn't have dean, as much as he wanted him. It was stupid, he'd only known dean for two days and he couldn't get the man out of his head.
When dean returned he had some toast in his hands which he put down in front of castiel and onto the table.
Another spin. Castiel was so caught up in dean, he didn't even notice that everyone had moved away and are now dancing around the edges of the dance floor as dean and him moved in the space in the middle.
Castiel glanced and dean and smiled "I'm not. I had great parents growing up. Sure they weren't my real parents, but they me who I am, I didn't need my mother or my father"
Emmanuel did a half smile as his eyes focused on dean. Once he reached them, he stopped infront of them all.
Could this day get any weirder right now. Dean facepalmed, sighed and then walked to pay for all the rabbit food.
Cas, sam and Bobby all walked to the shed where the old pick up truck where he and dean had their first real kiss. He asked Sam and Bobby to help him set up some lights and a blanket, then some picnic food in a basket.
"Wow"dean whispered. He took his feet off the chair and leaned forwards, resting his elbows on the table.
"You have some nice friends. Emmanuel, daphne told me all about how she found you. So you really don't remember anything about your life before the lake"
"Thank you. They'll like that"Dean replied then stopped and wondered what the hell he was going to tell Sam and Bobby. Dean just realised he was starting right at Emmanuel who was starting back into his soul. Just like case always did.
Dean sighed at his thaughts and then went downstairs to drink and eat with Bobby and sam for a while.
Dean was looking at him with a sceptical look. "He is a police officer, he'll have people looking for me"castiel carried on explaining
Sam nodded and drank his drink. He and dean continued to talk to everyone at the party. All of them were daphnes friends of family. The say the hadn't met emmanuel until that day. Dean didn't like this one bit. He didn't like how daphne acted. She acted as if she did know them, that was strange because dean had never met her. If she did know then, why was she trying to get to cas.
He looked through the cupboards and found a few ingredients. He decided to bake a pie because that's his favourite thing to make. He just hoped dean liked pie.
Dean and sam had drove back to Bobby's house In silence. They hadn't spent long at the barbecue because they had their answer. Emmanuel was castiel, just with no memories of his life. Once they got to Bobby house dean went right to his bedroom. Sam sat on the sofa with Bobby.
Emmanuel nodded as he looked at dean "daphne said that God braught me to her. She calls me an angel"
They stared at each other, smiling softly. Castiel glanced at Deans lips and leaned forwards ever so slightly. Dean leaned too but then turned away.
"I'm not. I want to remember you. When we kissed, all these memories came flooding back to me. I've been waiting for you dean"
Once balthazar got close he hugged castiel tight. His arms wrapped under his ribs and castiel's over balthazar shoulders.
All of them sat down and started eating their burgers. They talked a lot about their life, telling emmanuel lots of stories of prank wars.
"Yeah"dean smiled and then caught nervously after feeling sam's eye on him "So this your engement party huh?"
Castiel laughed as dean spun him around and then braught him back so their chests were touching lightly.
Dean get sure for castiel to follow him. They entered another room which was small and only had a table inside. Dean pulled out a chair for castiel to sit on. Then dean went through another door to what Castiel saw was the kitchen.
Castiel walked away with balthazar. They walked up the stairs as castiel guessed dean was now dancing with lisa.
Dean was about to stop and apologise until he felt emmanuel/castiel kissing back. Dean ran a hand up emmanuel's chest and shoulder until it rested on the back of his head.
The next morning dean went downstairs and started making breakfast. Sam and Bobby were already back after picking up a new car for Bobby to try and restore. They came back whilst dean was making breakfast and sat at the table. Dean was making bacon sandwiches. He smiled widely as he handed sam and Bobby the sandwiches. Then he turned on the radio as they all ate.
Danny chuckled. Dean looked at cas who was still stood by the bedside. Cas clenched his fists and his jaw, he was clearly angry. He was looking at the floor with his eyes closed.
"What about this man?"Castiel pointed to the picture of a young dean and an older man "is he your father?"
"Cause the walls started shaking. The earth was quaking. My mind was aching. And we were making it and you-"dean kept singing
Daphne let dean and sam in and then led them out into the back yard. They got to the large yard. Their was a barbecue in the corner. It has a porch and then a fairly large grass area. Their were white tables and chairs scattered sound. People were everywhere. Daphne left dean and sam to go and talk to an older couple.
There was no text for a few minutes. Dean went and sat on the sofa. He started tapping the side of his phone with his thumb. Sam was watching TV in the same room and noticed dean seemed nervous of worried.
Dean walked through the supermarket with a little basket in his left hand. Sam had asked him to go and get some food because Bobby was running low and he was hungry. He specifically asked for pasta, salad and an array of fruits. Sam was still pretty much bed ridden after going through some stuff with lucifer. He had been running around for a while without the soul but now he has it back. Before cas died he succefully got rid of the hallucinations sam was having from his time with lucifer in the cage. Dean sighed as he started to think about cas. After all he and the angel had gone through and he lost him, cas was his best friend and for the long time dean had started to think maybe...Maybe cas was more than that, it was too late to figure any of that out now, his angel was gone for good this time. Dean was looking at some fruits. It was full of colour. Apples, red and green. Pears. Pineapples. Mangos and so many more different fruits. He picked up a Pineapple. "Damn you sammy and your fruit fetishes"dean mumbled to himself
He licked Deans cheek getting all the cherry from there. Then he kept licking it off of him until it was gone.
"Yeah. It's like he did'nt...like he didn't know who he was. I told him my name and he didn't remember me at all"
"I am so happy that you remember who you are because we've had some amazing moments haven't we? Even though you don't have any of the memories before the lake. We've had a lot of fun now but me and you cas, we're each others dirty little secret"
Dean shook his head "my dad died when I was ten years old. Mum when I was four. That guys Bobby, after dad died he raised me and sam"
"He said he and Emmanuel had a fall out and Emmanuel walked out, now Dean's upset because I think he's realised he not getting that damn angel back"
It felt like he was only in there a few seconds when the other man was getting out of the car. Castiel opened his eyes as the man was at his door and opening it for him. He helped castiel get out and then wrapped an arm around his shoulders as they walked into a large building. It looked kindof like a hotel. They got inside the revolving doors and the man let go of him. He kept hold of castiels forearm as he led him down a corridoor and to an elevator. He didn't take much notice of his surroundings. The doors opened and the man once again led him down another corridoor and stopped at the door.
"Yes. It's like i had a whole other life that I know nothing about. I wish I knew who I was"emmanuel replied"maybe I'm some top secret spy..or maybe I work for the men in black and they took away my memory so I didn't tell anyone about aliens"
A few days later emmanuel was doing shopping and he asked Dean to join him. They went to the nearest store. Dean grabbed a shopping cart and when the Isle was empty he lifted his feet up and wheeled down the Isle. Emmanuel laughed at him.
He was now sat on his knees against the wall and he looked up to see another man. The man was breathing heavy, his eyes were wide and his mouth was hung open.
An hour later they got to the bar and sat at a booth. Dean and danny sat on one side whilst cas and sam sat on the other. Cas didn't like this, he was usually the one to sit next to dean. Not that he didn't like sam, he of course did, he was like a brother to him. he just enjoyed sitting with dean because that's what hes used to. There is no jealously, hes totally not jealous of danny sitting next to dean.
"Yeah. I mean. I feel like I really know you. Like ive known you for a long time. Like we were close. I just can't place you anywhere. I wish I knew"
Castiel smiled as dean now moved one hand to his lower back and the other made its way to castiel's own hand.
"I know. I just wanted to you to know. I didn't run out because you kissed me, I ran out because I was afraid"
"I was driving over the bridge and I saw you kneeling on the wall. I got out to ask if you were okay, I thought you were trying to kill yourself. I got to you just as you leaned over to far. I pulled you back and you just kind of stared at me for a while, I think you were in shock and just blacked out a little"dean cleared his throat "You nearly gave me a heart attack man"
Dean stared at emmanuel for a long time. Emmanuel was playing with his hands. "I don't remember my life before walking out of that lake. Yet every day with you turns me into a different person"
Dean knew that sleeping with emmanuel was wrong because it wasn't cas. Even though he said he was beginning to remember, which was great. He still slept with him whilst he was engaged. Emmanuel was going to break off the wedding but dean had told him not to. He didn't want sam to find out that he was sleeping with emmanuel. he wanted to take it slow and then tell sam and Bobby. Then also emmanuel would leave daphne, before they got married.
Dean rusted over with a handful of different coloured ties. He held each colour up to Bobby's neck and then sam's. Sam and Bobby gave each other a confused look.
It took twenty minutes for castiel to get to deans apartment block. Then another five minutes to get enough courage to walk inside.
Nobody spoke after that. The man stayed in the door. Castiel could tell he was wary, probably worried about scaring him again. Castiel walked around the small coffee table and came to a stop a few feet from the other man. Green eyes looked up at castiel and then then the man faced him.
Sam sighed and then looked at Bobby. Bobby and sam gave each other a little look which they hoped dean didn't see, but he did.
"Dean. Don't do this to me" emmanuel started crying as he gripped onto Deans jacket trying to hold him forever
"Is a great thing" emmanuel smiled at Dean" ever since walking out of the lake I've been told my name, I've been told what to do, where to be" emmanuel now grabbed dreams hands with his two hands" with you I have free will. I chose who to be, where to go and what I want to do"
She saw dean and looked angry as she ran over to him. Once she reached him she started hitting him"I knew there was something happening". Emmanuel pulled daphne away from dean
Emmanuel nudged Deans shoulder with his own "Yeah like. Have her walk down the Isle to it"Dean kept laughing
Emmanuel shook his head and smiled "I don't remember how to drive. Daphne does not have a license either"
"And that's okay dean. Nobody is stopping you from doing that. You've been happy whilst being his friend and I won't stop you"
He closed his eyes as the car came to life and the engine purred. He could feel himself getting slightly warmer but his legs, feet, hands and face were still numb from the cold.
Balthazar hooked castiel arm and they made there was down the stairs. Halfway down he noticed dean on the dance floor. He was dancing with the woman he'd met before at Deans apartment.
Once he got to Bobby's he didn't even want to go inside. He just sat on the porch, all alone in the dark. He sat like that for almost twenty minutes before Bobby walked out and pulled him up. He took him inside and layed him on the couch. Dean didn't want to lie down though, he couldn't sleep thinking about what happened so he sat up.
He took a small step closer and put his hands on deans chest. Dean was still smiling, as was castiel.
Then it all happened on quick. He leaned more forwards and slipped, he didn't feel the hands that grabbed his arms and pulled him back onto the bridge. Everything stopped for the next few seconds.
Emmanuel slowly looked up at dean. He wrapped his arms around Deans neck and hugged him tight. Dean wrapped his around emmanuels waist.
Castiel sat down on the couch. He just nearly kissed Dean, he wanted to kiss dean. He couldn't catch feelings for this man. The man he barely knew.
"I saw you making out in the kitchen. How could you both do something like this?"the other woman asked and then walked out of the room
Dean and sam both looked at the laptop. Cas turned around and looked at danny. He was staring at dean with his eyes full of lust. He licked his lips and then rubbed his hands together. Cas sighed and turned away from him.
Dean layed in his bed. He had gotten emmanuel/castiels number. It was actually emmanuel who insisted that he give dean his number just in case.
"Thank you dean. For everything you've done for me"castiel actually smiled this time "You didn't have to but you did"
Emmanuel sighed and held onto Deans arm and then made dean look at him "I'm so confused. With you I'm a different person. When I'm with you all I want it to stay with you forever. Then when I'm with her, I'm just this person I've been told to be and I am being told that I'm to marry her"
"Oh. I'm sorry dean"emmanuel said sympathetically and put his hand on Deans shoulder, right where the handprint cas left on him used to be. Dean smiled and looked at the hand. Emmanuel took it off and dean swore he could see him blush slightly.
"He stayed the night?"she asked. Dean didn't sam were so she got her answer "I've never stayed here dean we both agreed about why"
Dean that for a second, he wanted Emmanuel to know everything but he had told Sam he wouldn't try to get him to remember anymore but he couldn't our to Emmanuel so he nodded and closed his eyes. "Are you angry?"
Sam stopped and held his hands at if to surrender"I'm just saying dean. Maybe this guy is just Jimmy's vessel, maybe it's not even cas"
The man disappeared out of the room and castiel pushed the blanket off his shoulders. He then took the jacket off and put it beside him. He then took off his shows and socks, they were so wet that they made a small puddle on the floor.
As the music played dean bopped his head whilst biting his bottom lip. He looked at emmanuel and they both laughed.
Dean stood next to cas and put a hand on castiel's back, by his shoulder blade. "Your not cas"dean reassured him "It's kinda nice...having you here"
"remove it. I don't see why you are doing this. What goes does it do you to have this man be in love with dean Winchester?"
Dean sighed and actually got to walk away this time. He got into the impala and started driving. He drove for ten minutes before pulling up on the side of the road. He then pulled his phone out and texted emmanuel.
Dean looked straight up and at castiel. Their eyes met and as dean smiled slowly castiel smiled so wide, he couldn't help it, nor could he stop.
Sam and Bobby both nodded. Dean left the room. He picked a pie up out of one of the bags he braught in after going to the store. He went to his bedroom and turned the TV on. The news was playing. He opened the pie box and started eating it. He sighed and started thinking about the situation.
"Cas, can you hear me?...you probably can't but I'm going to try anyway. Listen cas I don't know what's going on. I don't know if this emmanuel guy I met is you. I hope he is...then maybe..maybe I can get you back. I'm sorry about everything cas. I know why you did what you did. You were trying to do the right thing. I've done some pretty stupid stuff for the same reason. I was a dick to you for it and you didn't deserve that"dean sighed and rubbed his hand over his mouth "I'm probably just talking to no-one right now. I just...I miss you buddy. Maybe I'll see you soon"
"Yes. Thank you very much"castiel replied, his throat still hurt from all the shaking he'd done because of the rain.
"She had the sight less eyes. Telling me no lies. Knocking me out with those American thighs"dean smiled as he sang and rubbed his thigh. Emmanuel laughed with him as he sang "taking more than her share. Had me fighting for air "dean sang and clutches his chest "she told me to come but I was already there"
"My brother went through a bad time a few tears back. He said that he had demons in his head and they were hurting him. He got this tattoo because he said it stops the demons from possessing you. I got it too...not to stop the demons but to show him that I'm there, you know? I'm there to help and we can face the demons together"half of deans mouth turned up "He's so much better now. He's a good man"
Emmanuel's wedding was tomorrow and dean was fairly upset. He and emmanuel hadn't really talked about it. Dean didn't want him to marry daphne obviously. He was just lost about what to do. Emmanuel doesn't remember his life as castiel but he does know that that's who he used to be. Dean can't figure out how to get his memories back, maybe if he could he wouldn't have to do what he was about to do to emmanuel.
At the last second dean moved his face to the side. He and deans cheeks brushed together. Castiel hugged dean as tight as he could and closed his eyes, burying his face in Deans shoulder.
Castiel and balthazar spent hours walking around the city. The saw a movie, got hot dogs and walked through the park, the fee the ducks at the pond. Balthazar didn't give castiel the same feeling as dean did. Dean made his heart race and his hands twitch. It's never been like that with balthazar.
"I came from Philedelphia. I got a plane, then a coach. I fell asleep on the cauch and was pushed off of the coach by the driver"
Sam walked away and sat with daphne. Dean and emmanuel took a seat on the edge of the porch. Dean had a burger on his plate, it had a sesame seed bun and had ketchup and cheese on it. Emmanuel had a burger with lettuce, tomatoes and cheese, dean thaught it was an odd combination, but that was cas after all...or emmanuel, whatever.
Castiel jumped as he heard the voice. He spun around and fell into his knees. The man took a step closer but stopped as he saw castiel's scared face.
A Dean and emmanuel start getting closer. Dean less to Sam about seeing emmanuel. Then Dean makes a hard decision about letting emmanuel go.
Dean sighed. The witch smiled widely at cas. Cas shook his head and then looked at dean who looked right back at him.
Dean nodded and sam smiled at him. They pulled up outside of emmanuel's house and began walking to the door when dean stopped.
Dean put his phone down for a few seconds. He started thinking if it was wrong what they were doing.
Balthazar returned with his coat and they both left the ballroom. Castiel could tell that balthazar knew something was wrong but he was thankful he didn't ask.
Cas tood up and walked to danny. He hovered his hand over his head to heal him. danny took a deep breath and sat up.
They got out of the impala and headed towards the crowd. Sam and Bobby shared a look, dean was walking infront of them and looking around, as if looking for someone. Then sam saw emmanuel talking to two men. Dean stopped and turned to look away from emmanuel. He turned to face sam and squeezed his eyes shut.
"About a year ago, he was in an accident. He broke some of his ribs and his back leg too"dean sighed "about a week ago he bumped into my table and was breathing strange. I took him to the vets and they said that he'd damaged his ribs again, but not broke then, thankfully. He's been staying there a few days whilst he healed and now he's all good"
The next day all three guys got ready to go to diner and meet the witch. They stayed in their normal clothes so that they didn't look suspicious. They got to the diner and sat down at the front. Dean sat in the middle with cas to his right and sam to his left. Dean ordered a burger for him and sam. They got to diner at 09:58pm and the witch arrived at 10:20pm.
Dean, sam and Bobby took emmanuel back to their house because he couldn't go back to his house with daphne. All of daphne friends and family hate him now, the only friends he ever really had were dean, sam and Bobby and he was sure sam and Bobby hate him.
Castiel couldn't look away from the bright green eyes staring at him. Then he felt that the man still had a tight grip on each of his biceps.
Emmanuel smiled at Dean"maybe you would like to come to our barbeque, we are not to far from here and maybe we might need a garage one day" he laughed and made Dean's heart race stop Dean chuckled back.
"I'll let you both say your goodbyes I guess. I'll finish talking to the receptionist over there"balthazar said and walked back to the desk
"But that's okay because he has me and that's all that matters. I look after him"daphne snuggled her head into the space between emmanuel neck and shoulder "isn't that right?"
"It's difficult to explain. It's like whenever I see you, there's this voice pulling me towards you"emmanuel sighed and turned away. "I know it sounds cheesy"he turned back to face dean but stood further away "I think I'm starting to remember how I was. I feel like there is someone out there, someone who misses me, someone is waiting for me dean...thats you isn't it?"
"She was a fast machine. She kept her motor clean. She was the best Damn woman that I ever seen"dean sang
Dean pulled up in the impala outside emmanuels house. He text him to let him know he was there. Emmanuel came out seconds later with daphne. She kissed him and then he waved a he began his walk to the impala and to dean. Dean smiled as emmanuel got in the car.
Dean was so focused on emmanuel/castiels eyes that he didn't notice sam and daphne walking over. Sam called Deans name which snapped him back to reality. Dean and emmanuel both stood up. Daphne hugged emmanuel and kissed his cheek.
Dean got into the drivers seat of the impala. Sam in the front passenger seat. Cas was behind sam whilst danny was behind dean. Danny was tracing his fingers along deans neck and cas watched closely. He did not like this man touching dean, because he didn't love dean and dean sure didn't love him back. Its not like cas was jealous or anything, its also not like cas totally loves dean and like dean totally loves him back or anything like that.
"Listen dean. We know. I've been watching you with cas for years. The way you feel about him is written all over your face"
"Cut the bullcrap. I'm your brother dean, I know you better than anyone, anyone except cas, who incase you forgot has amnesia"
Dean school his head with years will falling from his eyes"You have a nice life here cas. You got out of the crap and pain and sadness that comes with the Winchesters. I want you to marry daphne and continue the life you deserve. A life I could never have"
"he was a wonderful man. He was damaged and a little broken but he was incredible. He gave everything he had to the people he loved most. He also lost a lot too and never belived he deserved anything that he had"
Cas bit his bottom lip and looked up into deans eyes as he realised he'd been staring at Deans bare chest "what?"
"all of the victims were at amys diner just an hour before they did whatever it was they did after the witch cursed her"
Dean watched the leave and then walked as quick as he could to the checkout. He had to hurry back to Bobby and tell them about cas..emmanuel...cas....emmanuel/cas.
Cas stared at her and then looked at his feet. He let go of the witches arm and she disappeared into thin air.
Emmanuel came closer and put his head next to deans to talk in his ear. Dean felt his heart race. He could feel the man's stubble on his cheek.
Dean was snapped out of his thaughts when the man who was technically cas walked up and tapped Deans shoulder.
As the conversation ended cas returned. He opened the door and sat at the table with sam. He handed sam a box full of salad and a bottle of water. He got out a pie for dean and put it on the table. He then got out deans bottle of water. He then got up and took both of them to dean.
Whilst cas was talking dean had walked into the room and got a beer from the fridge behind cas' back. Cas didn't look up at him or anything, he felt so guilty now he had his memories back.
Dean was rushing around as if he was drunk. Sam knew he wasn't though, drunk dean wasn't like this. Dean was rushing around as if he was happy. Sam noticed it was Deans cover up. His eyes were red as if he'd been crying.
After ten more minutes a woman walked over and sat with the witch. They looked like they were talking.
Castiel smiled "dean...I understand. You barely know me and I barely know you. I couldn't be anybody. You have a right to be worried leaving a stranger in your home"
They both stopped laughing slowly and then went silent. They both stared at each other with soft smiled.
"Yes, Dean told me that I was castiel"cas nodded "when I was sleeping last night though I had dreams...well, flashbacks"
As they were cleaning the flour and dried cherry juice from the counters. As they were cleaning emmanuel took out his phone and connected it to a speaker.
Dean smiled wide and shook his head. Castiel stepped forwards and wrapped his arms over Deans shoulders. One of deans arms came around castiel's shoulders and his hand hooked on the opposite side. The other arm was held around castiel's lower back.
Dean sighed, he could do early tell Emmanuel who he was and how he does know Dean, but how would he ready, would he not ground Dean? Would he never want to see Dean again, he couldn't risk it. So Dean replied  "I don't think you did. Maybe we saw each other around or something and that's why I feel familiar to you"
Dean got up on the hood of the impala with cas. They sat close to each other. So close that their shoulders touched.
Dean kicked a trash can that was at the roadside. He ran his hand through his hair and felt tears falling from his eyes. He wiped them and started walking back to Bobby's
Castiel knelt down to per jet. He stroked his face with both hands. "Goodbye jet"he smiled "good boy"
Dean put his phone down and smiled in relief of sensual not sharing the hunter thing. Meanwhile Dean could feel Sam staring at him
"Cause the walls start shaking. The earth was quaking. My mind was acheing. And we were making it and you-"
Dean unfolded his arms and pushed himself up of the truck but stayed stood by it. Emmanuel was stood close to dean and was half smiling at him.
You idiot look what you've done now. You got too mixed up in your stupid emotions, now you've lost cas for good.
Castiel forced a smile and nodded. He waved quickly to dean and jet and then he and balthazar turned to walk away and out of the building.
Sam leaked forward how and leaned his elbows on his knees. "But it is dean. This is emmanuel, not cas. That's not cas anymore dean"
Dean put both his hands on the sides of castiel's face, cupping his jaw. They moved forwards slowly and their noses bumped. It was dean who took the last step to connect their lips.
Dean walked to the impala and got in. Emmanuel watched until they were pu of sight and then went back into his house.
"alright well lets see if she starts to talk to anyone before we interrupt her"dean said back quietly
Castiel was too tired to argue with the man with bright green eyes so he complied. He pulled his coat and blazer off and then the man took them away and threw them into the car. He then handed cas a large leather jacket which castiel put on and then a blanket which he wrapped around his shoulders.
He didn't know anything about this man. Other than that his green eyes shone so bright, the stars would be jealous of their sparkle. He didn't even the man's name, that was something he would ask in the morning. It didn't take long for sleep to take over him as he finally stopped shivering.
Castiel nodded. Dean moved aside to let him into the apartment. Jet stood at castiel's feet wagging his tail so he stroked him quickly then followed dean into the kitchen.
Dean looked into emmanuel's eyes. His blue eyes that were now filled with tears. Like an ocean. Dean grabbed emmanuel's hands and held them.
Castiel stood up and walked over, he opened the curtains and looked out. He was on the high floor of the building. Looking out he could see another apartment block across from where he was. To his left there were more building and to the right he could see trees and a field quite far out.
They stared at each other again. Dean seemed to realise how close they were stood because he cleared his throat nervously and looked away whilst removing his hand.
Dean moved back as emmanuel gently pushed him until he was pressed against the truck. Dean opened the door and pulled emmanuel inside. Emmanuel lied down on the seat and dean hovered over him.
As balthazar walked to the coat closet castiel turned to look at the dance floor. Dean was holding onto lisa, one hand on her hip and the other holding her hand. They were swaying softly, then lisa kissed Dean and castiel felt a surge of jealousy. He couldn't have dean, he knew, but it didn't stop it hurting.
Dean chuckled to himself and then began the drive to emmanuel's house. Then dean drove them to a bar.
"Yeah. For as long as I've known he sort of always looked after me and sam. After my dad died. He was the one that was there for us. He's practically our dad now anyway"dean and emmanuel both chuckled
Emmanuel had to leave quickly afterwards so daphne didn't suspect anything. Dean hated having to hide their relationship
Emmanuel: I don't think so. I was too focused on the handsome guy that was straddling my lap, I can't remember who he was, have you seen by any chance?
"I think shes going to be at a bar near to the diner. I emailed the owner and they said that shes there every single day. She stays for an hour orders a martini, drinks it in half an hour then leaves. Every day without fail"
"I thought..."Castiel couldn't finish his sentence because he was suddenly shaking again. The man rubbed his hands up and down castiel's arms in an effort to warm him, it didn't help though.
Hours later emmanuel had gone home. Dean lied on his bed and held onto his phone. He was waiting for emmanuel to text him, like he said he would.
The child looks up, terror is written across his young features as he looks into eyes he knows aren’t quite right. With a mumbled ‘scuse me’, he joins his compatriots. The creature watches after him, looks as he purchases an orange push pop. It stares as the young human eats the ice cream, smiling and laughing alongside his friends. The orange confection dribbles down his chin and the creature is reminded of Joe’s blubbering.
Since the older man’s eyes weren’t on him anyway, the creature allowed itself to roll the eyes it was currently using. “I don’t want Dean to know about this.”
The Seraph barely paid attention to his brother as he consumed the words of Chuck Shurley. “It is our Father’s will, Uriel.”
Cas smiles and huffs out a laugh. “I don’t want to embarrass you. You may see me get punched and want nothing to do with me ever again.”
Lucifer makes what Castiel would consider an exasperated expression when the Seraph fails to understand Lucifer’s meaning.
Okay, now Dean had to admit the head tilt was so fucking adorable, and old school barn Cas was one of the highlights of his life, even all those years ago.
Castiel tilts his head as he reads the letters written across her onesie: “Chloe”. The Seraph does not understand why he came here, not really. He left Dean Winchester and appeared in front of a modest dwelling in Boulder, Colorado. It seemed almost as if the flight were habit, albeit one he could not remember.
“Okay, Cas, so you just left Dean, took over Jimmy’s body again, and took off. So, let’s start after you left him, yeah?”
He knows he can remain no longer as he hears sirens approach from behind his crouched form. He stands and flies back to the warehouse and his unfinished work.
“I know I come off as this classic rock enthusiast, which I am, but uh, I want you to enjoy what we listen to too.”
Thank you so, so much for reading!! I would love to hear from y'all!! Kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks are so very much appreciated as well! Thank you all!
Dean had been plagued with visions of his mom since her death. And he missed her so much. But hearing Jack’s pain, hearing the pain from the boy he wanted to kill only months before, hearing it from the mouth of the boy who killed her, remorse and agony seeping from the Nephilim’s every pore brought the hunter a new kind of anguish, the anguish of losing a mom and seeing his child in so much pain. He let the tears fall and hoped they would bring him sleep as well.
The angels begin to murmur amongst themselves, their grace undulates with excitement, bright yellow overtaking the Host.
Castiel can see, can feel the fear in and on Dean. He knows the Righteous Man will protect any human he sees as innocent.
Cas started slightly at Uriel’s words. Dean was his charge, he was the one to save his soul from the pit, him, not Uriel, not Zachariah, not anyone, him. And it was he with whom Dean’s soul connected in perdition.
“I grabbed you from behind, like this, and you stilled. You leaned into me, against me, and I knew we could leave. I stretched my wings and began to fly us out of perdition. There were hoards of hell following us, and you screamed at me to watch out. You were concerned for my safety.”
Victoria lamented the fact that other than her physical strength she had no power over humans. If she had the ability, she would have made him fall asleep; because sleep would help keep her from saying something she shouldn’t. A sleeping Sam Winchester couldn’t pull out thoughts from her mind.
Blue eyes turn to him with wonder and admiration. “You will never cease to amaze me, Dean Winchester.”
“Uh, so I’m supposed to pick this guy up for a date, but if he doesn’t show, maybe you would want to fill in?”
Victoria was flabbergasted by Dean’s lack of respect towards the Angels. She was rarely surprised by anything anymore, but she could tell her mouth was open a little when she caught herself staring at him.
“I think I hear another helpless human yelling. I think she’s saying, ‘Oh, Castiel, just listen to your superiors for once, so I don’t have to die’. You hear that?”
Cas turns around suddenly and kisses Dean just as forcefully as Dean did when he opened the door. His hands find Dean’s hips and his hands wander underneath his t-shirt and run smoothly up and down several times before his hands travel further south, and slip underneath Dean’s boxers.
“No, you... Jess and I took three of your classes, and they weren’t even required for our tracks. Like, you’re a rock star there.”
The holy man walks closer to the Void and holds out his hand. He indicates a place for them to sit, and the Void sits across from the Rabbi.
“I believe we are contracted to cook breakfast for six people in a matter of minutes.” He smiles as he traces Dean’s beautiful lips with his forefinger.
. They were a couple now, or whatever, and needed to discuss things. I mean, that’s how it worked right?
The voice of Castiel’s former superior held its bone-chilling coolness, an ease that betrayed how well adept he was at torture. Castiel’s entrance was made known through a low rumbling, and Zachariah slowly turned around into the Seraph’s light.
Only, its not disgusting in the way ghouls are disgusting. Its disgusting in the way he would joke with Sam over about some new girl Sam was crazy about. It was disgusting in a normal,
“She could’ve helped us with so many things, Cas. The apocalypse, Leviathans, you when you were hacked, Crowley, Metatron, Amara, everything.”
And although he already knew it – the conversation with Jesus hit him like the proverbial ton of bricks.
Cas smiles, a tinge of sadness apparent in an upward tick, a type of wistfulness. “I was the best flyer in the garrison.”
Dean can’t believe this, not really. All his family – together, happy. “Good to know. Good seeing you Ellen.”
Dean perked up and smiled, “Oh yeah!” Okay, so although the woman touched Cas in a manner unbefitting to Dean’s possessiveness of the Seraph, she could bake. Damn well.
Cas laughs, causing Dean to look questioningly into his eyes. “To shower, Dean.” He slaps the other man’s ass gently. “Get up, please.”
Cas’s lack of expansion made Dean once more want to jump to anger, but again, he reeled it in and focused on Cas’s lips instead. Hey! That was a good technique.
“The contact is just as you said, mine. And they will remain that way.” He takes another sip of the amber liquid.
Sam looks toward the older version of his brother and shrugs. Dean returns the gesture and they finish their brunch in silence.
“I was scared, with Castiel. He was adventure, he was appealing in ways that cannot be fully described. There was a certain type of adrenaline surrounding him, apparent even in the energy his body and soul provided. That type of intensity can be terrifying. It was terrifying. Instead of staying with him, I came back to what was boring – you.”
Victoria sat on the edge of the bed Mary had made up for her. She was staying the night in the ‘bunker’ of hunters. She laughed aloud thinking about the situation. She never would have believed herself that morning. She also wouldn’t have believed she was tracking the Devil. How strange her life had become.
Cas hums in agreement. He looks at his laptop with one sentence written for his fictional novel. “I suppose publishing won’t matter if the world ends.”
The angel thinks, contemplates, his quick, strategic mind playing out possible scenarios. He couldn’t intervene personally, but…
“Yeah.” Dean smiles sadly. He slips his hand under Cas’s shirt before whispering in his ear. “But, we can do some more distracting tonight.”
“Now pies, I do know a little bit about. I worked here in the bakery for a while.” She inspects the two bags. “I agree, that will be enough.”
Chuck, again, shook his head knowing the moment they were about to delve into, the moment he was about to write into a masterpiece – was the moment that changed
“Our relationship could not be born from sympathy, Dean. Besides, you very rarely allow me to share in your distress.”
“You are allowed to grieve. Simply because his story did not end with him being the good guy does not mean he was bad.”
Chuck regards them much the way a farmer would regard his two prize cows. “I really did not intend for you two to be like this. Its… thrown a wrench into a lot of the machinery. I actually tried to avoid it, like at all costs.”
They stop suddenly when in front of them they see a man laying on the concrete, naked, eyes open and chest barely rising and falling.
He knows the moment it comes out; it was the wrong phrasing. And normally, he would’ve just let it go, let Cas sulk, drown himself in some Jack’s, and then they’d both get the fuck over it. But now, it was different, wasn’t it? It had to be, two people didn’t pine for a decade then spend hours making out and not have something change. So maybe, Dean should reach out here, apologize, change his phrasing.
Dean notices the slight purplish tint under his boyfriend’s pristine eyes. He sits the bacon, eggs, and crescent rolls next to Cas and traps his body with his own, encompassing the angel.
. Cas sighs deeply as he looks at the addresses. He starts up the Mark V and drives towards rural Alabama.
“My grace must have taken over while we were sleeping. My grace has not acted of its own accord in many years. It is nice to have the feeling back.”
He knew how their story would end – it was written long ago. They were simply on a detour so he could write a best-seller about a wayward angel.
Dean looks to Chuck sharply, and if looks could kill, their problems would have been over. Chuck shrugs, pushes his glasses up further on his nose, and returns his attention to the screen.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Song, Book, and/or Websites referenced in this tale.
“I uh… how I am, who I am, didn’t always sit too well with high school jerks and roadside bar patrons.”
Cas sighs, and Dean smiles slightly, knowing he is one of the few beings who can make the angel exhibit such a human emotion.
“Just like my brother, man. Okay look, tell me what you like and uh, I’ll order.” And there it was, Dean’s million-dollar grin that impressed the ladies, the men, and everyone.
No, it couldn’t be doubt. He was an angel, he didn’t doubt. He knew his plan was just – it was from Heaven after all.
Dean swallows at the gruff voice perfectly saying his name, the sleep making it even deeper. He clears his throat slightly.
“Because none of the shirts you brought bring out your eyes, Cas. Like, why did you bring so many white dress shirts anyway? This is your sabbatical.”
“I mean, you know, there’s – there’s things, there’s…people, feelings that I-I-I want to experience differently than I have before, or maybe even for the first time.”
Cas’s sapphire eyes catch emerald ones, and either Dean is really good at lying or he really did sell planes in Memphis, just like Elvis. Cas nods and resumes eating.
“Uh, yes, I am Marv. And I am here to interview you about your upcoming projects for the Atlanta Journal Constitution, or AJC.” His attempt at a smile sent a chill through Castiel.
“Yeah. Uh, I need you to go and intervene before Raphael does. I can’t stand dealing with our older brother, he’s so… righteous.”
If Castiel knew how to make his vessel sigh, he would have done so. He vaguely knew what little league was, but chasing tail was beyond his angelic knowledge.
Claire rolls her eyes and looks at a cloud that resembles one of the mushrooms from the old-school Mario games. “He better be.”
Dean moves one of his hands to the back of Cas’s neck and presses their lips once more together. The gesture isn’t as soft as Cas’s, it’s heated, passionate, and the green-eyed man soon finds himself breathless. Cas chuckles as he moves back down to Dean’s chest.
Sam and Dean Winchester sat at the map table in their bunker in Kansas with their mother Mary, and their Angel Castiel. They had an open pizza box in front of them, laptops open, lore books and files with encircled stars spread out amongst them.
Cas looks up, amusement apparent in his eyes. His full smile lights up his face and Dean is even more entranced. Cas takes his hand and Dean leads them to an open part of the room.
Castiel hesitates, he knows this will hurt Dean, infuriate him, and he wishes to not be the one to tell him. He thinks to the ether and wishes for its peace.
Castiel tried to catch himself using his hands, but his hands slipped in the remnants of Marv. Consequently, he face-planted into the goo, his forehead hitting so hard against the wood floor that his skull bounced.
He tried to love, tried to accept love, but it just never worked out. Something always came up, the job, usually. But here was Cas, who was the job, laying on top of him on a beach underneath the sun. And it was fucking perfect.
Benny nods and looks to Dean, a hint of sympathy in his eyes. “You brought Sam’s vehicle, so I’m guessing this here ain’t a social call.”
Castiel only mildly notices Dean did not correct him when he mentioned Sam’s intake of demon blood. He releases Sam’s hand and Sam nods at him, in a somewhat confused manner. Cas keeps his attention on the youngest Winchester, as he cannot seem to pry his eyes away from the spark.
Children begin clutching their stomachs in unison, like some sick choreographed dance. The Seraph looks away, disgusted, but knowing this had to be right, his superior told him it was right. These children would soon be in paradise. This was okay, it was right, it was just…
Castiel’s grace grows heavy as he lays eyes on Anna, his once commander and closest friend. He smiles, ever so slightly.
After Mary and Victoria had gone to bed, Dean, Sam, and Cas stayed up to talk. Sam grabbed two beers from the kitchen and handed one to his brother before they all sat down.
Cas smiles down at his beer. “Mary and I have had many discussions here, Dean. She believes you are in love with me as well. I told her I would never want to pressure you or make you uncomfortable. So, she made me a promise, and told me she would only bring you here if she felt you were receptive. However, I did not specify what type of reception. I would be honored to spend eternity as your brother.”
Dean looks at him with a ‘what the fuck’ face. “Cas, you look like nobody I’ve ever seen, and believe me, I’d have noticed.”
He heard his charge screaming, hoping, praying for an intervention. However, he was told to wait. So, wait he did. He waited atop a mountain he knew was meaningful. Waited as snow blew past him. Waited as he stood – an immobile object on a mount with the world spinning at his feet.
She turned right as her GPS told her too, driving absent mindedly thinking now about when she first met him, nine years ago.
“You are to go to Winchester. He and the trucker were able to send the witnesses back to rest, but before they figured it out, twenty other hunters were killed, along with six of the Host, trying to protect other seals.”
The pictures of the New Orleans club were obtained from: https://www.sonesta.com/us/louisiana/new-orleans/royal-sonesta-new-orleans/photos
Cas turns around, his back facing the river so he can look at Balthazar’s face. “And whatever it is, knows where I live.”
He truly wants to know, does Castiel. It comes off accusatory he realizes. And perhaps it was. Dean should know by now, as did the Seraph, resistance often proved futile.
Cas looked down at his hands which were folded in his lap. Claire smiled, her all-knowing smile, and Dean blushed.
“What is that? Fondness?” The words came out with disgust as the specialist carefully rooted out the memory with her drill.
Dean begins to drag his lips playfully along Cas’s neck, kissing and nipping ever so slightly. Cas leans his head back on Dean’s shoulder, exposing his neck more fully to the hunter.
“I know you are Dean, and I accept your apology.” Cas removes himself from Dean’s grasp and turns around to face him.
Dean begins to rub up and down Cas’s arm and suddenly notices the lack of clothing. How the fuck did he just now notice his angel was wearing just a t shirt? The angel’s muscle is prominent, and Dean stops rubbing and detaches himself from Cas as he sits on the other end of the couch.
. A word that felt bitter on the man’s tongue. How could he expect to trust someone when he knew they couldn’t trust him? Cas knew that since she was still in love with her first husband there was no way she could have fully loved him, and that realization ripped a hole in his chest that sometimes still burned. There was also the knowledge that her first husband was
That motion caused blood to rush straight to Dean’s dick and he grabbed Cas’s ass with both hands and pulls Cas flush against him, their crotches pressed together. A loan guttural moan escapes Cas’s throat and Dean grabs onto his ass even tighter. Cas moves against him, the towel somehow still staying on. His chosen spot on Dean’s neck is forgotten as Dean’s lips moves to his shoulder. Dean is able to elicit a mixture of pleasure and pain that makes Cas forget where he is.
Castiel wishes to reach out to him, to explain, but he is without a vessel. He hopes Dean can hear him in his true form, so he can explain to him just how important he is.
Castiel wonders, as he is at the complete mercy of his brother, if Uriel had heard of a little thing called
That looks that was so Cas put him right back in that barn and he knew the angel was searching his soul.
“Well, my admiration has been focused on the two of you for quite some time, yes. Before it was the entire world, now, although I still care for and admire humanity as a whole, my worldview has been sized down considerably.”
Dean shrugs, head moving carelessly to one shoulder. He would really enjoy taking Cas and that pie to his room right then. He tried not to think too much on how he included the pie in that scenario, but damn it, fantasies were called fantasies for a reason. And Cas straddling him while feeding him pie was just about the best damn mental picture Dean could come up with. But this was
A pizza sat on the coffee table between them as Claire had her legs crossed underneath her looking at her uncle expectantly. “Well, what’s he want?”
Victoria agreed to follow them back to their bunker. She was a tad concerned they referred to it as a bunker instead of a house, but she knew if push came to shove, she was more than able to take care of herself.
He knew Cas well enough to see the unease, the worry Dean would be angry with him for spying on him.
She nodded. “Fortunately for us, at this time they do not have any captives. That prevents us from having to distract or pretend to negotiate. That always complicates matters. We will arrive tomorrow morning, they will be slightly disoriented. We should shoot as many as we can first and then finish them off once they are poisoned. They are making a graveyard of this city.”
Dean back, this was most definitely not the time to act on that. That would be taking advantage, one thing Dean Winchester never did.
Thank you so, so much for reading!! I would LOVE to hear from y'all! Comments warm my heart, truly. Kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks are so very much appreciated as well! Thank you all!!
“So, we’re not really supposed to do this, but I can offer you a discount on a private dance if you’re interested.”
“Oh, calm down Cassie. No one noticed. They all stopped staring at you five minutes ago.” He smiles as he takes another sip of his mimosa, which he pours more champagne into.
Balthazar regards the professor, all traces of flippancy gone from his voice, “When the world was created.”
Castiel’s grace fills with joy and pride, an emotion that is displayed upon his vessel’s face, knowing they captured the demon that tortured Dean and made the man shed blood in Hell.
The gun is already loaded with silver bullets and Hannah empties the cylinder into the creature with no effect. The creature that looks like her keeps advancing. She fumbles under her desk for the machete with a silver blade. She slices through the creature’s neck, which stays firmly in place, as if the machete was swinging through air.
“Hum. The writer is the prophet of our times.” The angel sighs as he looks to his commander, the angel who dared enter Hell to save the soul of one man who engaged in debauchery, and Uriel felt was unworthy to be saved. “Why he, why any of these mudmonkeys are
Although Cas was not a stranger to the occasional one-night stand, he always ached, longed for something more. He thrived in relationships, strove to be the perfect partner. There was definite attraction between himself and this man, but what was there other than that? Dean lived in Atlanta, he lived in Palo Alto, after these fifteen months there would be nothing, there could be nothing. A tryst lasting over a year would leave him damaged, because Cas grew attached. Not to mention the things Cas
The next paper. “North Carolina, an earthquake occurs, the effects of which send dozens to the local hospital, overwhelming staff.”
“I do not understand what you mean by feeling. However, my vessel seems to be in some sort of distress. Should we be concerned?”
Cas pulls out his wallet and get out two one-hundred-dollar bills. He hopes Dean’s tab is not more than that. He grabs Dean’s arm.
Dean suddenly becomes embarrassed, and he feels Cas’s foot press up against his own, giving him the courage to continue.
Cas was hoping Dean would call him, but to use his friend’s expression, he was not holding his breath. He knew the man to be stubborn, a trait he himself possessed, and he resigned himself to never seeing Dean Winchester again.
“Brother, why, if the Son speaks of mercy, is Heaven so unwilling to grant it?” Her face turns back to the Christ. “He would grant it.”
The Void looks around him, notes all the shapes now waiting for a mere utterance from his newly formed lips. He toes the minion nearest him, wishing him to stand.
Dean’s scrunch of his face and dramatic pout of his lips make him look as if he is contemplating which of them was more wrongly treated by the former angel.
Dean smiles to himself as he gets Cas a beer from the fridge, opens it, and places it in front of him by encompassing Cas’s body from behind. He smirks as he feels Cas tense and then almost instantly relax into him. He rests his palms against the counter on either side of Cas’s waist, and leans in even further, causing their shoulders to touch. He whispers in Cas’s ear: “And this is definitely a date.” He backs up and watches Cas’s shoulders as the man tenses again.
Dean rolled his head back and forth against the headboard, once more thinking about his vulnerability in the bed and the half-naked Angel sitting in the chair.
Dean licked his bottom lip as he looked to his angel. He sighs slightly. He gets up to retrieve the plates and puts them in the dishwasher.
“Maybe after this whole apocalypse thing is over, you’ll lighten up a little. I miss Uriel’s jokes.”
“No, I do not. And before I met your soul, before I dragged it out of hell, I felt nothing. However, I eventually learned that was because I was brainwashed multiple times.”
, and demonstrate the effects of prolonged water on stained surfaces complete with samples of wood. It was like a lecture and Sam was hoping to never repeat the experience, but there was his brother-in-law, walking into the library, damp towel in hand.
Castiel lands in a house that appears unkept and sees Dean with his hand clenching the shirt of the prophet and pinning him against the wall. He understands Dean’s anger and feels his frustration in his grace.
Dean sighed slightly with relief, his grip on the leather loosening. “Yeah, I guess a little. I mean, she has all these abilities, and she what, hunts vampires? She should have been saving the world while we were out hunting vamps.”
Cas leans over to whisper in his ear before walking to the bedroom. “Although, I must admit, I am somewhat heartened to hear you ‘really want to’.”
“Dean has his reasons. Even though there is fuckton of sexual tension between them, even though they are obviously impressed by each other, it doesn’t matter because Dean won’t let Dr. Novak make his own decisions.”
“What I find most interesting is that the three of you do not seem to be too disrupted by this course of events.”
Dean wanders up to the rooftop garden and sits in the chair he occupied a day prior. Cas is picking green beans from a trellis and placing them in a bowl.
Castiel sits in the unoccupied chair. “I am here because you placed a Craigslist ad and I am on sabbatical.”
“She’s great Doc… Cas. Uh, she just got a grant for her clinic, so that’s been awesome. Uh, she found me a single mom who needed some legal work done for a rental issue, so I’ve working some pro-bono too. It’s uh, it’s been good. You?”
Dean Winchester woke up to the smell of bread, chocolate, and warm sugar. He was confused at first, and then worried. He thought he may have died. Again. Granted, Billie had threatened to throw his soul in the empty, but what other reason was there to wake up to the glorious smells of baking than Heaven?
Castiel did not present the information as an insult, but rather a fact. He takes his other hand and puts it on top of Sam’s, relishing in the spark. The blood moon of Sam’s soul was slowly waxing into a full one, and Castiel was pleased. He had no doubt Dean could stop Sam, but it was one more thing that allowed Castiel to put faith in his champion.
The Void feels the familiar tug at the fabric of his being and grimaces. The previous tears had been painful and annoying, but nothing existence threatening. He waved away his newly formed anxiety with a long forefinger. His past few days had been filled with absinthe, tobacco, and chess with a creature he formed from the nothingness surrounding him.
Castiel notices how Dean once more regards Uriel as the angel speaks, still turned to the window. He feels Dean’s fear at the other angel, and regrets he was not allowed to conduct this mission alone. He knows why Uriel is here, but he does not like it.
Dean did not give a solitary fuck Chuck was in the chair across staring at them. He pulled Cas’s face to his and kissed his perfect lips.
His work is stilled when he hears the cry of a sister, one of the members of his garrison. With grace heavy like cooled lead, he flies to find her, hoping with all that heavy grace he can get to her in time.
They brushed their teeth side by side. Dean shoved Cas in the shower first, he leaves to go in search of towels. When he returns, he lays the towel on the shower rod. Cas immediately grabs and wraps it around his waist, opening the curtain and stepping on the bathmat right in front of Dean.
Beach House - Cas and Dean continue to bond over Cas's incredibly painful memories. Dean discovers the best way he can comfort the angel, and three tiny (yet huge) words keep getting stuck in his throat.
“Of course we keep our promises. Of course you have out gratitude. You served us well. Your work is done. It’s time to go home now – your
The Void takes the glass and brings it to his lips. He sips gingerly, the liquid lingering on his lips. He traces his tongue over them, allowing the liquid to fill all his senses.
Sam waits until the clock says exactly “5:00” before he picks up the cake and carries it to the map room.
He began to wonder if he should make another spreadsheet listing all the fake official phone numbers he and his brother were now in charge of operating. They let Cas be the FBI field office one day and that went spectacularly wrong. He was impressed by his brother’s gentleness when explaining to his husband that he was much better at providing spells to those in need. Dean turned toward him then and made a ‘what the fuck’ expression that made Sam smile.
Dean had no intention for anything to slip. He had every intention of shrugging his shoulders and making Sam pull a legendary bitchface.
“I'm not convinced. 'Cause if there's a God, what the hell is he waiting for, huh? Genocide? Monsters roaming the earth? The freaking apocalypse? At what point does he lift a damn finger and help the poor bastards that are stuck down here?”
Janie bites the corner of her mouth, hiding a smile. “You two are well-matched, so, I’m gonna stand back and offer suggestions if I see something that could be improved. But other than that, go for it.”
Castiel feels it then, a certain sense of pride and accomplishment mixed with anger, shame, loss radiating from Dean. It aches, the feeling. Castiel allows it to wash over him, prompting his words.
Victoria looked at him and turned her head to the side. “I don’t understand what you don’t understand.” She chanced another glance at his arm. He must have noticed because he rubbed it slightly.
Sam’s hand is splayed towards the demon as he demands: “Who’s murdering the angels? How are they doing it?”
Dean marches into the kitchen and grabs a beer from the fridge. He comes back into the room and slumps onto the couch.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other Book, TV Show, Movie, Song, Website, Webpage, and/or App mentioned in this tale.
Dean grabs Cas’s ass in both hands and pulls him into him, their bodies flush against one another and responding appropriately.
“It’s only me, Dean. Your best friend. Your family. Regardless of anything else, or anything we may become, I will always be that.”
Castiel’s knife skills were extraordinary, and Dean had to make sure he didn’t stare too longingly at how Cas handled the blade.
Balthazar hid his surprise well, a shrug of his shoulders the only thing offered to the angel in front of him. He holds his hand out for the folder. Naomi places it into his proffered hand, and then he flies away.
Dean places a small drop of glue in each hole and then gently taps the dowel in. He repeats the same action on the other boards and joins them together and clamps them.
The being continues exploring the bedroom, opening drawers and scanning shelves. Everything seems extraordinarily boring and commonplace until it comes upon an email in a cheap desk drawer.
Claire and Kaia did make it to Heaven eventually, and Cas and Dean may or may not have cried over their wedding album. Alex rolled her eyes as she gripped her husband tightly. Patience held hands with her grandmother, both sharing knowing looks as they smiled at Cas and Dean. The ‘thanks for saving my baby’ left Dean broken as he hugged the psychic that made him believe.
Dean let tears escape his green eyes. He put his hand on Cas’s cheek and warmth spread throughout his body as the Angel leaned into it and closed his eyes. The hunter had never been loved so fully.
Castiel soon learned the time of Hell was not the same as the time of Heaven or earth. He wondered through the fires and the ice for days, weeks, months, years. The human souls recognized him for what he was, and he often had to stab them through, for them to be destroyed. He tried to leave them, but they threatened to tell of his existence to the demon guards. They were only gone long enough for Castiel to leave them, as Hell did not easily let go of the souls it possessed.
“Well, we were hoping to feel out your life here, meet your inspiration. Which I’ve heard…” Marv indicates for Cas to bend down to his level in order to whisper in his ear. With as intense an eye roll as he can muster, the professor complies.
Dean feels those stupid fucking tears prickle his eyes, and he closes them as he rests completely into the chair. He feels a weight beside him, opening his eyes to his Cas.
Chuck scrunches up his face and clicks his tongue. “Did you know you were only supposed to be a minor character, Cas?”
Dean leans toward him, their legs touching. Cas is somewhat unsure of what to do. He’s afraid that if he flinches, or moves away, this Dean will run scared. He remains motionless.
Chapter Warnings: It gets dark here, y'all; and that is mainly because of the seals that were mentioned in 4.21. One in particular disturbed me, and it is included in this chapter. If you wish to skip it, it is after the Alaskan fisherman scene, and ends with the *******. It is mentioned later in the chapter, but not in such detail.
Dean walked back over to where his brother was. “I have a 1967 Impala, it’s over there.” He motioned towards their car with his thumb. “It was my dad’s.” He had no idea why he added that.
He finds him standing facing the sea, trench coat blowing in the breeze. He wishes he had a camera, thinking maybe his own nightstand can be filled with pictures of the angel. Or maybe, pictures of
The words weigh on Castiel heavily. He is reminded of the past, so long ago, when he and Anna watched as the Son was killed, the sacrifice for mankind. The memory surges through him and he once more looks to the floor, guilt flooding him, drowning him.
Cas finds a certain type of reassurance in the accent and endearments. “I’m having brunch with an FBI agent.”
Cas smiles broadly, filling Dean’s heart. “On that note, are you accompanying me to the gym tomorrow night to spar?”
Cas allows a laugh to escape his nostrils. “They are uh, not without interest.” He purses his lips and chuckles slightly.
Castiel’s words send a type of sadness throughout him as he remembers the tear finding its way down Dean’s cheek in that hospital bed. A tear Castiel felt an overwhelming urge to wipe away with his vessel’s hand, an urge the Seraph did not understand.
Castiel almost yells when the Archangel appears behind him, almost gives Camael a chance, but he remains silent as Michael, in a vessel already wearing the tell-tell sign of being burnt from the inside out, stabs Camael through with a golden blade. The body slumps to the floor, grace burning through brown eyes. Angels rush in, praising Michael, as Castiel looks longingly at the floor, the body now being dissembled atom by atom by his angelic army.
This chapter begins the retelling of the episodes intermingled with Dean and Cas's current budding relationship. This chapter goes over 4.01, and hopefully I will be able to have the next chapter up within a couple days.
Beach House: Dean listens intently as Castiel recounts his story of his falling, and prepares their third date.
Castiel let out a ‘hum’ as he regarded the other man. Aside from his superiors and colleagues at Stanford, Claire, Dean and his family, he had no idea how anyone else could know of his projects.
Cas unfortunately had grown somewhat attached to the small dog. He knew there was no possible way he could keep her, and he distractedly wondered if Claire would like a road-trip companion. He stopped on the bridge to look out at the river and Chattanooga skyline. Balthazar stood beside him, eyes on the horizon.
He was going to make her converse. She figured she might as well run with it. “Yes, I do. I think that limiting oneself to one particular type of music is artistically confining. There are so many wonderful artists and songs, they should all be given a chance.”
That was a blow straight to Dean’s very human heart. He clears his throat, unable to say anything because there was nothing he could say, was there? Cas, who was reprogrammed and fucked up so many times, and it never really mattered in the end. Because here they were, on a couch in some fake dream house, clinging to each other as if they were the only things that mattered.
Sam Winchester practically kicks his way through the garbage in his brother’s house to find his way to one of the living room chairs. He puts the pizza box that is sitting on it onto the coffee table, which was covered with beer bottles and a few bottles of Jack.
He turns the angel around and melts into him. His hands explore the body of the angel, making sure he was here and that he was alive – in his arms.
He appeared behind Dean just as the man was about to take a bite into one of the forbidden burgers. He forcefully turned him around by the shoulder and forced him against the wall. He covered Dean’s mouth with his hand and stared into his eyes willing the man to see the intent behind him.
“Sam… he saved me. He saved Jimmy. But I was terrified, although I couldn’t pin down that emotion at the time.”
Dean wakes up to a still sleeping angel. He smiles as he looks at the clock on the nightstand. Five pm. He carefully unravels himself from Cas and begins to get dressed in something more first date suitable than pajama pants and a t-shirt.
Oh how he knew that. He knew that all too well. He hears Alastair’s groans of pain and shuts his eyes against it, willing it just all to end.
The sun turns orange as it sets, reflecting off the water. Dean turns to his date and watches the sunset in oceanic eyes, mesmerized.
As Cas begins to move away, Dean panics and doesn’t let him, grabbing his wrists where a trench coat’s cuffs used to be.
“Did you, uh…” Dean sighs. “Did you watch porn, Cas?” Porn, although it had its own wonderful place, was typically not the go to for
Dean takes their sundae glasses and puts them on the side table. He leans in towards Cas and takes his top lip gently between his own.
“But you, uh, I want to do right by you. Like, actual dates where we talk and stuff, and super cheesy shit that I used to make fun of Sam and Jess for. Like I just want to
“I was sitting in my office one evening, reading student’s papers. I was teaching Introduction classes at the time, and some of the papers lacked, well, anything. So, reading them and providing critical yet constructive feedback occasionally proved difficult.”
Dean vaguely watches as Cas moves around the room, opening drawers. He sees Cas chuckle slightly as he pulls out a worn gray t-shirt and the hot dog pajama pants Dean was so fond of. He places them next to Dean and kneels in front of him.
Victoria put 32 rounds in a plastic bag she had in the case and handed it to Sam for him to share with Dean.
Dean patted the man’s shoulder, causing a surge of electricity to run up through his arm. He could tell Cas felt it too. “Anytime, man.”
Castiel looks down to his vessel’s hands and begins to push the cuticles back, a nervous habit he did not intend on adopting, but it felt natural.
The waitress comes out and puts their plates in front of them. She eyes the container with bafflement but doesn’t address it.
Castiel looks to the floor in front of him, unwilling to answer the angel who was to govern the end of times.
Castiel felt the anger in his grace change to something else, something just as unpleasant. It was a sense of helplessness, and he preferred the anger.
“Of course, I want to sleep with you, you are incredibly gorgeous. But if you said that would never happen, that we could never be more physically intimate than we are right now, I would still continue this course with you. No matter what our future does or does not hold, you will never simply be a body to me, Dean.”
He goes to the local supermarket, where he still did not have cell reception somehow and bought all the ingredients for a chocolate meringue pie. He had to go to the local library, which somehow also did not have cell reception, and take a picture of a recipe out of a cookbook. He had to buy all the equipment as well as the ingredients since the kitchenette was not well stocked by any stretch of the imagination. Cas only found one spoon of questionable origin.
“Oh, yeah, that was uh, because of one of your many brain washings. Or fine adjustments or whatever. I just brought those back, you know, better story, makes you more uh… sympathetic.”
“I’m not, uh…” He hesitates, a very human motion, as angels are very rarely unsure of their words. “A hammer, as you say. I have questions. I… I have doubts. I don’t know what is right and what is wrong anymore. And whether you passed or failed here.”
Castiel sighs, nods, and walks alongside the Son, and he cannot help but feel as if a burden has been lifted.
With a look equaling boredom the Guardian halts, waiting for the prudish woman in the pantsuit to tell him whatever it is she thinks needs to be said.
Thank you so much for reading!! I would love to hear any comments y'all might have and kudos are so, so appreciated!! Thank you again!!
. The pit widens in Castiel’s grace and he feels empty as the missing piece makes itself known regarding the man with green eyes he pulled from the pit of hell. But he can’t place it, he can’t
“Of course.” He stops the cart and looks at her. “You are helpful, kind, considerate, you have goals and go after them. There is no reason I would not write you a letter.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at it, studied it. The brand was a remnant of grace, grace that must have marked him when the soul was formed, the grace an everlasting reminder of what was. Castiel knows that mark.
“When Sam and Jess stayed here they had so many books. Jess is a doctor, and she always had to study, just like Sammy. There were two full-size bookcases in here.” Dean paused as a type of laugh escaped his nostrils. “I built those too.”
The Void breathes in the arid air through newly developed lungs. Passerby’s regard him with interest as his three-piece suit draws attention in the heat. He takes no notice of them as he climbs the stone stairs to the temple.
Chuck takes the glasses off thoughtfully. “Yeah, Cas, just because one apple is bad you don’t throw out the whole batch.”
Cas looks around wildly and focuses on the angel, eyes wide open and head inclined toward him. “You can’t do that in public, Balthazar.”
The angel looks at the cabin in front of him, Uriel beside him. He laments their mission, laments retrieving and killing Anna, whose only crime had been wanting to feel, to be one of the humans they so lovingly and carefully watched. She had not openly disobeyed their father’s will. She simply wanted to be one of the humans He loved so much. The fire that died inside him twenty-two years ago had long since turned to ash and was now replaced with a type of red bloom that grew exponentially whenever he was around the soul of Dean Winchester.
Chuck removes his glasses as he squints at Castiel, a look that is not lost on an experienced hunter. Dread fills Dean’s veins, as if they were pumping syrup instead of blood. That look from
Castiel expounds on Uriel’s statement, willing the youngest Winchester to understand, but he cannot face him – either one of them. “We have no choice.”
“Hey, I’m Claire, and this is my Uncle, Castiel Novak. We uh, saw your ad for a roommate, and that’s what my Uncle here needs.”
He notices a cup of coffee in his spot and wonders when Cas made it. It’s still steaming, which he figures is grace, and something he’s gonna have to ask about later because the angel should not be using it up on Dean’s coffee.
Dean and Cas have a revealing conversation in Baby. Sam and Victoria examine the body, and hotel rooms are doled out.
? Well, that just made Dean Winchester feel like an absolute pile of shit and he retreated once more into his cave, his safe-haven, his house – which was no longer a home because there was no Sammy.
It is all he can think of to say in the moment, something insignificant because there is too much to say for any other utterance to be anything but.
“This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith.” Castiel speaks as if he knew Dean before, because he did. The man had no faith in him in Hell, even though he knew what he was and saw for himself. However, it wasn’t Castiel he didn’t have faith in, it was himself. On earth, it is both, and Castiel hopes to remedy at least one of those.
And He was kind, understanding, and he helped Cas realize what was worth dying for. And for what, to be shoved behind a door in Heaven without a means of escape?
The expression on his husband’s face shut Dean up immediately. He takes the younger version of himself and shoves him against the concrete wall.
“Well, thanks a lot for the angelic assistance. You know, I almost got my heart ripped out of my chest.”
Castiel knows Uriel’s look, knows the command held in the angel’s eyes. He is silenced, perhaps from fear, perhaps from respect, he doesn’t know, but he stills.
Victoria took a deep breath and continued. “I can heal myself, other humans, and angels. I am a little stronger than most people, and I can smite.”
That causes Castiel a much different type of pain, a memory entering the forefront of his mind. A bright soul reluctantly shedding blood in Hell. He knows he must get up; he must help Dean as Alistair advances upon him.
He holds Cas’s head with one hand and pulls their faces together, kissing him. He enjoys the feeling of Cas in every imaginable way. He knows Lifetime would scoop this shit up, but even their mouths fit perfectly together.
“You were out for quite a while.” Sam made sure she could stand up on her own before letting her go completely.
to wash over him before he responded. “Naw, man, I can cook when I get back, I mean, if that’s okay.”
The corridor is dark, although not a hinderance to the Seraph. He summons his blade from the ether and relishes its weight in his hand. The metal is cool and reassuring. The angel walks on for what seems like miles, unable to find any source of light. The mission was to be him alone, his troops needed for another battle.
, 2:48pm. He smiles slightly, thinking that was probably around them time he was in front of that fountain with Dean at the botanical gardens.
The last part of the sentence was directed to him, and Castiel felt it in his core. He answers, truthfully.
Zachariah stands even taller, his wings unfurled with pride. “We are to rescue the righteous man from Hell. The one true vessel of our most esteemed brother, Michael.”
“Sam, I’ve known you for thirty hours now. I think that you are a nice, somewhat intelligent, abnormally tall man. However, I am not going to divulge details to you about my personal life. That is not who I am. I have had working relationships with people for five or six years and they know nothing of my personal life. To be frank, your knowing my taste in music is the closest I’ve been to anyone in a good length of time.”
“Okay, and then, we got Dean on watch, but he’s going to call you because he’s got his brother on lock-down and he’s probably going to want your help. Go to him – but don’t rush and be sure to seal the deal. You know, make him do the whole ‘you pledge your service to God and his angels bit’. Ooh, and throw in some line about being his dad’s pathetic grunt in there for kicks. Let’s see, and uh, we’ve got to catch Anna.”
Cas smiles sadly at him, and Dean can feel a piece of his heart break. He turns his hand so their fingers are once more interlaced.
She settled the strap of her bag more comfortably on her shoulder and got onto the elevator, the others following her.
Millions of atoms floated in the ether, tethered to nothing, free floating, at peace in the void. Castiel was no longer in pain, no longer grappled by doubt, he simply no longer was. Every wavelength, every tendril, wing, face, eye has been pulled asunder by an older brother who ended him with a
“I do not know what transpired betwixt the two of you, Dean. I cannot advise you as far as that is concerned.”
“Do not thank me, Cassie. Michael is a bit of a pretentious archangel; he believes everything is right simply because it is ordered by Heaven.”
He was sure as hell gonna kiss Cas, and soon, but it was gonna be special and Chuck was not gonna be in the room, damnit.
The Seraph looks to her, pain apparent on all of his faces. His six wings furl in, trying to protect him.
And oh Chuck, Demon Dean. Cas rushing to the rescue to use his stolen Angel powers to save Sam from being killed with a hammer. What even was their lives? Again, Cas never wavered. He turned down an army of Angels for Dean. An army, for one man. The one man Cas would do anything for, Sam now knew.
The angel ignores his companion’s sarcastic exasperation apparent in his eyes and continues his train of thought: “Good news is, the blade is effective at killing the grunts.”
Cas looks to him with a smile playing on the right side of his lips, probably knowing there was more behind Dean’s words.
Cas turns to him slowly, eyes glazed, pupils dilated, and Dean, for all his willpower, was entranced.
Dean pauses to look at him, blue eyes, stubble, and beauty. Cas’s eyebrow denotes a question and Dean would be remiss to neglect the feelings that eyebrow sends throughout his body.
But Victoria saw past it, she remembered the tension between hunter and angel at the cabin. They were full of emotions, and Victoria really did not think she wanted any part of that, and yet, she was drawn to them and their plight. She knew Dean didn’t want to stay with her, that he was covering for something else.
“Okay, yeah, uh, of course I like you man, and I think it goes beyond that.” Dean closes his eyes and buries his face in Cas’s hair, the man’s ebony tresses tickling his lips when he speaks. “I think I was only able to say it because ‘like’ is so far from the right term it was easy to spit out.”
“Doesn’t that get lonely? I mean wouldn’t you like to be with someone else? Maybe a guy, or girl?” Sam became instantly embarrassed and tried to backtrack, “Not that you’re, or not, I mean it’s okay, whatever, it’s all okay, I….”
Zebuleon smiles, a half-hearted gesture as he stares through Castiel’s vessel at the grace residing within.
Dean scoffs. “Yeah, whatever, I uh, don’t deserve to be saved, so why don’t you just fuck off, Cas?”
“Bobby? What the hell?” Dean’s voice is forced, his mouth dry and feeling like its full of shit simultaneously.
Dean looked as if he was about to fall asleep while Sam read all the legalities of it. Cas appeared to take an interest in it, but he trusted Sam to be competent, as the man proved to be overly so in his classes. Advanced religious studies is not a particularly easy class and Sam soared through with knowledge uncommon amongst people his age, or people in general.
The Son smiles, a bright thing with a twinkle in his brown eyes. “You have been chosen, my brother.”
They both stand and Jesus wraps Castiel in an embrace the angel returns, although unfamiliar with the gesture.
Castiel allows Uriel to do the talking, his grace swirling with a strange mixture of regret and repugnance.
Cas smiles as he lays on his back, and Dean finds his spot fairly quickly, his head resting on Cas’s chest, his arm crooked and hand running along Cas’s jaw.
The man with the graying beard nods towards his glass, indicating to the bartender he would like another. Once his glass is filled, he responds: “On a case?”
She does not speak but rather moves closer, their graces igniting at the connection, each unwilling to separate for the warmth that radiated throughout them.
Castiel smiles toward his sister with one of his faces. His wings stretch outward, his grace flowing freely with calm and contentment. The grass beneath his feet turns a shade greener.
Castiel rests his back against the kitchen counter, his palms facing backwards and propping him against the sink, he is tired and hopeful Dean can restore a bit of his faith, in something. But he should know by now, Dean lacks faith in anything.
Cas kisses him once more, his hands delicately slipping ever so slightly into the waistband of Dean’s pants. Dean presses them more fully against the counter before breaking away.
“So, I bake and I also have a kid, with my husband?” Past Dean scratches his temple. “Kay.” He sniffs and walks toward the room he was given.
The hold, the comfort is new to Dean. In every relationship he has been the one to hold, to protect, to envelop. Having Cas envelop him was different, but desirable, perfect even. He hoped he allowed this type of safety to be felt by others, by Lisa, by Lee. He takes the hand that is resting on his stomach and holds it to his heart. “Good night, Cas.”
I am so sorry it took me so long to update! This chapter is a lengthy one and took quite a bit to cover.
In a bar in Paris that is much more suited to his tastes than the oppressive sterility the woman inhabits, the Guardian opens the folder. He traces his fingers over the seismograph and mutters:
“Dean is not my handyman, Claire, nor do I intend for him to put a piece of furniture together for me.”
And the Gadreel mess. The Cas being human and what the hell did you put him through Dean mess? Sam knew Cas’s time as a human was awful, and it hurt his soul to know he was the reason behind that. And Cas used his limited stolen grace to heal him. While that year may have been a tough one for Dean and Cas’s relationship, it was the year in which Sam solidified his friendship with Cas. The Angel was his best friend as well now. But Cas never wavered in his affection for his brother. He was hurt, but it didn’t matter. Cas was there, with his stolen grace making him sicker by the day. Dean made some stupid decisions that year, and Cas was there to help them with all of them.
Dean feels the slight perspiration forming on his hands and grips Cas’s waist tighter, allowing the fabric to soak up his nerves.
“Sam is not…” Castiel looks around him, unable to face his superior. “He is not a bad man.” The words are forced out, but the angel means them. Losing Sam would be a loss to the world, Castiel now knew.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Books, Movies, and/or songs referenced in this tale.
Castiel feels a deep pull within his gut, as if there were a hole. His hand goes to stomach and he realizes he feels the need to regurgitate. He knows this is not possible because he doesn’t eat. He swallows repeatedly, a glass of water appearing in front of him.
Cas looks at Dean fondly. He grips one of Dean’s calves that is resting on the pillow in his lap. Dean figured he might as well be comfortable, and he no longer cared what Chuck thought. He was God, he knew anyway.
The smile and tears turned into a laugh and Dean’s stomach suddenly felt as if it were a bundle of nerve endings, each jumping around of their own accord.
“Well then, can you call your angel?” Claire’s eyes go comically wide as her expression becomes agitated.
They continue to drink in silence, enjoying the view in front of and beside them. The Ocean kissing the shore over and over allowed Dean some emotional strength, and he decided to tell Cas how he
Chuck’s face scrunches up in mock thought and he takes the pencil from behind his ear and begins to chew on the eraser slightly.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Shows, Books, Movies, Songs, Websites, and/or Apps referenced in this tale.
The fissure created at the reunion is earth shattering. All of the glass in a small town in Rhode Island mysteriously explodes. A small earthquake occurs in North Carolina, stunning residents. All of the catfish in a small Tennessee pond float belly up. A scream so blood curdling, so primordial emerges from the Void as a rip begins to form in his torso, that the gates of Heaven themselves shake, and the hellhounds whine.
“Ah.” Castiel focuses on the storefront in front of them. “I always assumed it was because you knew I would come back.”
“And then what, Cassie? We all have had our share of the common vampire, the run-of-the-mill ghoul, and several other degenerates, but this? Darling, be reasonable. Whatever
The creature regards his surroundings. Its eyes hold neither fondness nor distaste – they hold nothing. It walks back toward the bedroom and opens the closet door. On the floor it finds two duffel bags. The creature picks them up and puts them on the bed. He opens various drawers and begins stuffing them with clothes.
Castiel breathes in as he steadies himself. His grace pulls to his charge to protect him from the archangel that is about to reign down upon them. He knows, deep in that pit that houses his love for Dean, that while the world’s time may no longer be nigh due to one stubborn hunter – his is. And the understanding of that, and his peace with his decision allow him to know he is dying for a cause – and that, that is all any being could ask for. He understands the Son’s peace in His final days. He smiles inwardly as he replies to Chuck:
“Yeah, but you’ll have to kill me. Then we’re back to the same problem. I mean, come on, you’re gonna wipe out a whole town for one little witch? Sounds like you’re compensating for something.”
Castiel wondered why the hunter spoke so strangely. He also wondered why he found it mildly amusing and exasperating at the same time.
Victoria placed two fingers on Cas’s temple. Cas closed his eyes for a moment, as if he were processing.
“You are far more than I deserve, Dean. I will spend whatever time I have left on this earth making you aware of that.”
But he had to admit, he was enjoying the scenic route. A human and an angel who would give anything for one another. Dean held onto Cas like he was holding him together with calloused hands and muscled arms. Chuck feels a slight chuckle in his throat as he realizes even he couldn’t come between
“It’s a lot like this puzzle, isn’t it? Where Lizzie took a piece of our puzzle, and Chloe fills it?”
“She was concerned after… well, whatever, it don’t matter. So, she said that she was gonna serve bad drinks to everyone I brought here. And she wasn’t lying. Some of the stuff, whew, tasted like the still it came out of was made from a car battery. So, I quit.”
Fuck it. I mean, how epic can epic be really? He puts his hands on Cas’s waist, half of his hand touches terry cloth and half touches skin. The presence of heat surges throughout his body and he inclines his head toward the other man’s. As Cas attempts to close the distance, Dean shies away.
? He was broken, and drank, and slept with women who wouldn’t see him one more time. He coped by anger, he hustled pool, used stolen credit cards to get by, stole to eat, and here was Castiel, angel of the Lord, who read those books and thought of him as a
Cas has been rubbing Dean’s feet for the last half hour or so and Dean would be wrong if he didn’t admit it was one of the best fucking feelings of his whole life. Here is an angel, a literal angel of the Lord, rubbing his feet because he
Dean gestures betwixt them with his empty spoon, “But, we’re both still alive, so we must be pretty damn good at it.”
“Cas, can you think of an angel that would even be looking for a vessel? I mean besides you, aren’t those fluffy dickheads staying in heaven?” Honestly, Cas wasn’t even really an Angel to Dean, he was just Cas. His Cas, and damn it all, his Angel. If he were thinking about Cas as an Angel. He shook his head to clear that thought real damn quick. He cleared his throat.
She became more concerned when she saw it was underground. She still followed them inside. She did not expect the smell of chocolate chip cookies to hit her as soon as she walked in. Those men did not look like bakers.
Castiel puts all the ingredients in the bowl with the cut cherries. He pulls the crust out of the fridge and puts the cherry mixture in it. He sighs as he looks at the strips of pie crusts he cut. Slowly, carefully, he creates a lattice on the top of the pie. He uses the remaining strips to form the edges and presses them down with a fork.
Castiel forces himself to turn around, years of training overcoming his brain’s need to flee right the fuck now.
“Yeah, you know, that meal that happens between breakfast and lunch on lazy days? And weekends sometimes? After the farmer’s market?”
“But why, when God is so present in everything and everyone around us, my King? Why say the world means nothing without Him?”
“You are the epitome of everything good, my love, and I am honored to know you, honored to love you.”
He sits on the edge of his bed, trying to remember what exactly happened. Balthazar came, Cas knew him. What the fuck was that? Balthazar said Cas wasn’t a spy, but coincidences don’t just happen coincidentally, do they?
Castiel swallows heavily as he tries to avoid eye contact with Victor. There are some things in his line of work that are not necessarily FBI approved. He takes several sips of his coffee.
“Yes, it is painful. My wings will be ripped from me and I will lose my essence, essentially. However, I will be given a soul, and I will still be me. I will have to adjust, but I hope to have you this time.”
Dean grabs Cas’s bicep and tries not to focus on how damn hard it is. He looks away and tries to figure out why he just agreed to that total weird moment.
The hunter’s breath became hitched and he wanted Cas to take all his doubts away, all the feelings of inadequacies, he wanted to get lost in Cas.
It was unpleasant, feeling, and the creature abhorred it. But she knew she must follow the instructions of Sir, regardless of anything.
Cas sees the glimmer of hopelessness there and he wishes he could give Dean the promise of forever and mean it. But he can’t, so, he’ll give him what he can.
His eyes fill and Cas puts a steadying hand on his shoulder. He squeezes slightly, trying to remind Dean just where they are and to
She smirked as she un-paused the movie. “We’ll see. And I don’t know, maybe you should let people make their own choices about whether or not they want to be in your life.”
Dean was going over all of Led Zeppelin’s best tracks on the way to the gym. He happened to look over at Cas in the middle of his monologue and noticed the blue-eyed man’s soft smile.
Claire, in her infinite wisdom, stayed behind to agree on a time. Dean was so charged, so electrified from that exchange that he was barely able to mumble an “Eleven, so we can get lunch” before she left.
He hands a folder to Castiel. “I frankly do not care which of you take care of this little problem. It is in Dean’s region however, so he is the lucky one.”
Dean nods, somewhat in disbelief, but just going with it, because he had a mission when he left that room.
“Ah, Moose, therein lies the question. And once you have the answer, call me. Maybe on the telephone, this summoning is… tiresome, hum?”
Cas closes his eyes. “I guess you are indicating there is a front on which to be concerned then, yes?”
Dean, curiosity piqued, stills his hand on Cas’s back, causing the angel to burrow into his chest further and make a discontented sigh. Dean chuckles slightly as he resumes the soothing up and down motion.
“You’re useful though, gotta give you that. You got that one to swear his obedience. Not bad. That’s what we needed. I guess it’s because he trusts you because of that crack. Go figure.”
Dean’s surprise is evident in his tightening grip around Cas’s shoulders. “Like, here as in Atlanta?”
Chuck takes his glasses off and chews on the end of one of the earpieces. “I’m an author, I can work with this.”
Oh God, and he told Cas he didn’t even like him anymore. Dean holds his gut, trying to fill the hole that seemed to suddenly appear there. Fuck,
Cas opens his eyes again and looks to the side, away from Dean. “I don’t know, Dean. But it doesn’t matter now.” He begins to stand, and Dean grabs his hand, stopping him.
Saturday morning Dean left a note on the fridge telling Cas he had to go work at the shooting range and that there was a yogurt parfait waiting for him in the fridge and asking him to text if spaghetti would be okay for dinner.
The bit of soul explodes, causing the Seraph to cover his eyes. In the darkness he sees Dean and Sam on their knees in pain, a cheeky Zacariah standing over them. He pans out, looks at the name of the building,
This chapter took awhile to get out, and for that I apologize. I struggled writing this one. I knew what I wanted to do, but the execution proved difficult. This episode was a lot to unpack, with Castiel's guilt and ultimate rebellion. Which stemmed from a love he did not yet understand. I hope what I have written gives the episode at least a hint of the justice it deserves.
San didn’t really even think as he asked the question, he basically knew the answer from Dean’s mounds of trash only days ago. And now everything was clean-ish and Dean looked happy, and Sam couldn’t help but notice as Dean subtly kissed Cas’s cheek and forehead on numerous occasions the less than one hour he’d been there. It was a polite thing to ask, and it just slipped.
“Well, Ellen asked me what was going on, and I told her it was her shitty drinks. I mean, I still came in, but alone.”
“I know you probably just intended for that to be one of your many kindnesses, but I cannot tell you how much that means to me. I have always been ridiculed for trying to explain the differences between the books and movie or show. I learned early on in life to stop telling people all together. I suppose your saying that just made me realize you allow me to be myself.”
Zachariah reaches for the burgers he manufactured. “Try a burger, they’re your favorite. From that seaside shack in Delaware. You were eleven I think.”
Victoria made eye contact with him, nodded a bit, and then brushed past him and sat a case on the bed that was obviously untouched. She was wearing pajama pants and a T-shirt but had Ezekiel’s coat over them.
Sam didn’t even want to know what the ex-angel meant by that, and his brother’s laugh didn’t help matters.
A large shoe causes the creature to make a sickening ‘squish’ sound, and Castiel is forced to look away.
Zachariah shakes his head as he scrunches up his face. “He’ll be fine. But you and your angels are going to have to keep some of the seals from being opened by Lilith.”
The novel wavelength pulls at the word, and Castiel becomes frightened. Heat surges throughout his form as he looks to the Righteous man and the wavelength warms, causing anxiety to pull the grace tightly within his vessel.
“That is true. As far as I knew, I was the only angel on earth.” Cas’s brow furrowed for a moment. “Unless….”
Cas closes his eyes as he settles into Dean’s body more comfortably. “I am worried that I cannot either.”
“We were created with the ability to heal humanity’s suffering, I see no reason why we should not partake in the opportunity when it presents itself.”
Dean smiles as he manages a suggestive wink with tears threatening his eyes. “Why do you think I asked? Gotta make up for the time you ditched me this morning.”
While Cas was learning what it meant to be human, he discovered he had a penchant for country music, much to Dean’s chagrin. But, because Dean was Dean, and he was trying, he would occasionally listen to the music while they were in the kitchen cooking.
“But look, I’m here for you, and I ain’t leaving. So put your fucking gorgeous head in my lap and let me comfort you, you dumbass.”
Dean wandered into the kitchen to see Victoria and Cas eating a copious amount of home baked confections. Then he spotted it. A chocolate pecan pie. Whole. He wandered over to it.
He means it as a warning. He knows he doesn’t know the extent of Heaven’s plans, but he knows the extent of Uriel’s, and Dean would have been used for that purpose in ways Castiel didn’t want to think about. His righteous man.
He feels his phone buzz in his pocket and looks at the screen, smiling. He leans against the workbench to read and reply to Cas’s message.
Dean licks his lips and stares at his shoes. He kicks one foot out slightly, then crosses them back before answering the angel. “It was a lot of things, Cas. It uh, was the only way.”
Cas closed his eyes and leaned back on the chair’s back rest. Claire was worried about him and his isolation. He understood. After Hannah, his world went from this large, beautiful place to a small sphere. He crumbled in on himself, only doing what had to be done. He lectured and wrote, but there was no heart in it. He knew it wasn’t fair to his students or staff, but he couldn’t seem to claw his way out of it. Claire lived with him then, saying she enjoyed the college town’s night life, but he knew that she was there to make sure he was surviving. He couldn’t count the times he woke up to coffee and toast on his nightstand.
“We’ll kill it.” She really didn’t understand why the shorter one was asking her that, it seemed self-explanatory. Castiel may have been the being Dean Winchester loved, but he was still an angel.
Hannah walks closer to him, encroaching his space. The cart separates them, which Cas is grateful for.
Cass leans back against the facsimile of the brick wall that makes up the exterior of Chuck’s bar. Dean can feel Cas take in a breath and holds his own until the angel releases it. He wasn’t usually on this end of things. He was used to his never-fail smile dropping panties (and on occasion when he thought no one would know, boxers) all over the continental U.S. He begins to second guess himself, thinking Cas only held his hand because he felt Dean needed the comfort, and fuck that.
Okay, so the little noises Cas made while eating the burger were not helping anything either. Dean makes a point not to look at him.
Sam didn’t have as much regard for his life before his mother came back, but now the last thing he wanted was for her to burn a son.
That went better than Sam could’ve hoped. He gave Dean another half-shot, and Cas another honey stick.
The next moment Castiel and Gabriel are standing atop the peak of the mountain that is now known as Mt. Everest, overlooking the landscape below them.
“It’s actually really good. It just has like a week’s worth of cholesterol in it. But its been a day, and uh, I don’t know, thought it’d be nice to have it tomorrow?”
Cas feels his face tighten with a broad smile. He places his knife down and turns around into his husband’s embrace.
book, was going to be a bestseller, he was sure of it. And its success was going to be due to the two men in front of him, and his literary genius of course.
Chuck scrunches up half of his face and taps his pencil against his teeth. He chuckles slightly and Dean glares at him.
Castiel purses his lips and looks to the tile floor below him, crimson with dried blood, and red where tears and sweat began to wash it away.
“Don’t worry, we’ll take care of it. I have three colleagues. I assume whoever referred you told you my fee?”
Castiel wishes he knew so that he could tell him, so that they could face this, together. Angel and charge. He looks away, unsure, unable to offer the truth.
“I do.” She took another drink of her coffee. She couldn’t discern why the tall one wanted to talk to her alone. She didn’t like that, she liked knowing.
“Your emotions can run rampant with Dean, I feel as if that will be the best course of action, in fact. He seems to be quite the emotional creature.”
Dean looks to Cas then, his eyes hoping to find the faith Cas always seemed to have a shred of, although he didn’t know what the faith was in.
Castiel looks down, wishing to avoid the hunter’s disapproval, his wrath he seems to give out so freely. Castiel wonders at the bloom of red in his grace, wondering why it appeared and wishes it would disappear, so that it would no longer cause a gnawing feeling regarding the human in front of him.
John scoffs, the memory seeming fresh in his mind. The years caused him to forget just how strong Lee was. In a way, John admired the panty waste more than he admired his own son. Lee had balls at least, seemingly anyway.
Cas shook his head back and forth in amusement as the waitress brought two glasses, a carafe of orange juice, and a bottle of champagne.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Book, Movie, Song, Website, Webpage, and/or App mentioned in this tale.
. Dean smiles and reaches behind him, grabbing one cheek of Cas’s ass. He hears the other man groan slightly and figures this was about the second, well maybe third, best way to wake up.
With every squint of Chuck’s ancient all-knowing eyes, unease grows in Dean’s pit and he has to actively swallow the rising emotion.
“You may address me as ‘Sir’ for the duration of this conversation, however, after you will have no memory of me.”
Dean thinks to the look Chuck was giving Cas that morning and tries to shake that thought out of his head.
Cas steps closer once more and runs his finger down Dean’s jawline. He pulls his bottom lip into his mouth and smiles slightly at the reactions Dean’s body is giving him.
jealously. That was it, he was worried about losing his friend. But he practically pushed Sam into the woman’s car, hoping they’d bond and the next time he saw her hand on someone’s face it’d be his brother’s and not his Angel’s. Alright, that was getting shoved down too, Cas was an angel, and a dude. Right, so, out of the question. Right?
Castiel thought quickly, his strategic mind coming up with a solution almost instantaneously. The prophet.
“I figured you for more of a Honda Civic kind of girl.” Dean ran his hand along the body of her car lovingly, “Color me impressed.”
Castiel’s head inclines, his eyes narrow. He looks towards Uriel, whose visage only appears disinterested. “The seals heralding Lucifer’s rising, instrumented by his firstborn?”
“Yeah, so, I’m not much of a flower kinda girl, so, I’m gonna get an Uber to take me back to my car and then head home. Dean, you okay with taking Cas back to mine?”
“She’s inside figuring out how much money we’re getting paid. She called us her ‘colleagues’. I’ve never been a colleague.”
It hits Castiel’s grace then – what Dean means. Free-will. Something angels were never intended to have.
Since I have began writing Supernatural fanfiction I learned pretty quickly describing how Castiel got Dean out of Hell was one of my favorite scenes to write. I hope I was able to do this scene some type of justice, I may have veered away from some canon descriptions of the scene for which I apologize. I am currently re-watching season four episodes so I can try and describe each episode through Cas's eyes.
Dean grabs Cas as if the angel’s flesh were the only thing grounding him to reality. He feels strong shoulders, and backs away slightly when Cas shudders as he traces over his shoulder blades.
Thank you all so, so much for the kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks!! They mean so, so much to me as the author of this tale and I appreciate them so incredibly much. Thank you!
Dean and Cas continue to make realizations about one another, and Cas recounts his version of "Lazarus Rising", plus a beach house.
Chapter Warnings: This chapter is an intense one. It covers what Castiel had to endure when he was dragged back to Heaven in 4.19. It is not mild, and I tried not to gloss over it. What he endures is intense. However, I ended the chapter on a literal sweet note.
“So, I’m thinking we upgrade your desk too huh? And maybe whatever kind of furniture you want in here.”
I hope y'all enjoy this chapter! I had a great deal of fun writing it and I was ridiculously excited to include a certain Angel at the end. :-)
“They can’t be hacked?” Another small dig. Why the hell was he like this? He didn’t even really mean it this time. Naomi had done a number on Cas, and even though Dean knew it was his hand on the coat sleeve, his pleading voice saying
“Yeah, uh…” He swallows, and Eileen pats his hand reassuringly. “We decided to give you a list of things you guys should know.”
She downshifted to third harshly as they got on the dirt road leading to the house. Dust was flying everywhere. Sam was worried Dean wouldn’t be able to see. They stopped abruptly in front of what looked to be a shack. Victoria ripped the handbrake up and turned the car off. She pocketed the keys and rushed out of the car.
“I have been trained to relish those moments, so I can see them everywhere. Once, when I was at a farmer’s market, a man spoke to me passionately about his crop of strawberries. At a new restaurant off campus, I was fortunate enough to hear a young chef describe her newly cultivated dish. These descriptions, these passions, are works of art.”
The Void makes a move. Cas moves in. Dean puts together furniture and cooks breakfast. Cas gets a surprise visitor and then has to go to the hospital. He also makes a call to a certain angel, and the Void can't leave well enough alone.
“I feel a responsibility toward her, yes. However, I am not a Guardian. That was not what I was created for.”
Dean stifles the emotion. Obviously, Cas was full angel now and didn’t want him. Dean snorts, a disingenuous thing. Of course Cas wouldn’t want him now, why would he? He was no longer a powered-down angel who was more human than anything. He was back to all his Heavenly glory – six wings and the size of the Chrysler building. There was no vessel to keep all those emotions swirling around in. No grounding to humanity. He was a pure celestial wavelength of celestial intent. He probably didn’t even know what ‘love’ was anymore.
Victoria turned around to see two men holding out badges. One looked like he was all business and the other looked concerned. Victoria studied them as they put their badges back in their jacket pockets. She turned her head to the side as she made her final analyses. There was something about the older one, something she couldn’t quite place. She scanned his body, making the hunter narrow his eyes at her scrutiny. On his shoulder, she could feel it, a tiny remnant of Grace. She reached her hand out to it involuntarily, wanting the angelic connection, wanting to feel the warmth; but she recoiled, realizing what she was doing. She removed her mind, and her memories from what she knew was a long-ago faded hand print, that once burned angrily on the man’s arm. With what she hoped had only been mere milliseconds, she continued her train of thought out loud.
A memory of a hotdog with spilled ketchup yearns from the ether for the green-eyed man who never seemed to turn down food.
Jimmy was, in every imaginable way, a devout man. Castiel grew close with him in those two weeks before he went to Hell. He felt his soul with him now, a bright thing that warmed his grace.
Okay, that was beyond sappy, beyond Hallmark, but there was no one around to care. And at this moment, where he could see his mark on Cas’s slightly exposed collarbone, Dean did not give one solitary fuck what anyone would think anyway.
Cas in ways he never thought he would need anyone before. That thought is both terrifying and comforting.
Dean looks, because he is just apparently doing whatever the fuck Cas tells him to. He looks at his grip and sees how his thumb curves around and grips the underside of Cas’s arm.
Cas notes how Ellen narrows her eyes at Dean very slightly before offering him her hand. Cas shakes it and smiles.
Dean fought against the bubble rising in his throat. Cas just casually mentioned all the people he and Sam care about.
Castiel at once understood the basis of Dean’s question. He leaned forward in his seat and clasped his hands between his knees. “You are asking me why Jack’s lack of a soul caused him to do so much damage to people he loves?”
Dean breathed in deeply, knowing Cas was going to ask. “I enjoyed it, as you could probably tell. I uh, actually kinda like the stubble, kinda a turn on.”
Castiel uses grace to close and bolt the door once more. He destroys the Devil’s traps, ensuring it will look like the escape was not aided with the help of angels.
“What you’re asking it’s…” He walks even closer to Dean, encroaching the ‘family’ space, “Is not within my power to do.”
“No. You jumped on my ass this morning for talking about stuff I said a couple months ago and what, it’s okay for you to be hard on yourself for something that happened over a decade ago? Bullshit.”
Cas picks a cherry from between the lattice on Dean’s pie which causes the man to look at him, deadpan.
Cas elbows him, but Dean ignores it. He knows they have a chance to beat this bastard, but he’s had just about enough of this shit.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Book, Song, Website, Webpage, or App mentioned in this tale.
Sam’s eyes turn dark as he looks to the female demon who calls herself Ruby. Her true face is detestable, gnarled, twisted and charred by the fires and tortures of Hell. Castiel looks away, then back, lamenting Sam couldn’t see the face he saw. Sam stalks over to her and lifts her easily onto his large frame. She offers him her wrist. With a move that almost is so smooth it is one motion only, he takes a switchblade from his pocket, opens it, cuts down her vein and puts his lips upon the wound, sucking, swallowing, and sucking some more. The demon’s head rolls back, and she smiles: a cruel, self-satisfied thing.
“Castiel...” one of the sisters begins, her brown hair tied into a perfect knot on the top of her head. “I am Naomi, and I am here to assist Zachariah in your reconditioning.”
The whole memory lasted less than a second. Victoria tried to process what she just saw, and wondered what that blood red emotion was, as she listened to the youngest Winchester.
Castiel doesn’t want to answer, not really. He looks to the floor. He knows this man’s feelings towards his brother, and in spite of, or maybe because of, he doesn’t want to hurt him. He looks to the floor once more.
Castiel’s quick mind thinks of a way to keep them safe. The forefront of his grace remembers a time in a village oh so long ago.
The Angel smiled slightly, his head bowed. He looked back up to the angel still strapped into the chair and began to remove the Enochian bindings.
“Where’d you get the outfit inspiration?” Dean runs his free hand along Cas’s t-shirt, stopping at the hem, where he puts his fingers slightly under, feeling warm skin. Cas shivers slightly at his touch and Dean smiles.
Dean looks to Chuck carefully, trying to hide any facial expression that could possibly betray him in any manner. Right now, he’s pissed at the guy. For the kidnapping, for the thinly veiled threat against Cas, for making Cas relive every painful memory of his existence, for Sam, for the kid, for a shit ton of shit. But he’s also very, very, as in an infinitesimal amount, mildly amused at his last comment. Maybe for the son, maybe for saying he was right, or maybe for his use of the word
The desk clerk stood up to meet them. “Miss Doyle? Thank goodness you’re here. We are having body after body turn up, which is just causing people to ask questions we can’t answer.”
Chuck stares at them over the screen of his laptop, eyes darting back and forth between hunter and angel. With an ‘okay’ that is more breathed than said, he picks up his plate and stares at his son expectantly.
I do not own Supernatural, or any other TV Show, Movie, Book, Song, Website, and/or app mentioned in this story.
Cas nods as he once more attends his beans, hoping to gather enough for dinner to accompany Dean’s tomato tart. Dean sits down once again and tries to just fucking process.
Dean opens the door all the way and lets her in. “No kid, I’m sorry. We had a fight and he left. I haven’t heard from him since.”
Once the liquid is replaced carefully into the bag, he pulls out a Dremel tool and looks around the room for a plug. Once the tool is plugged in, the creature begins to work on Lee’s teeth, grinding them down slightly. The man’s mouth is swabbed and rinsed. The creature returns all the paraphernalia to his brown leather bag. It looks upward and slightly nods.
Okay, so maybe this was a loaded question, and maybe Dean shouldn’t ask right now when Cas was almost asleep, but he was curious, sue him.
“Oh, everywhere.” As if to demonstrate that particular point, Dean began to unbutton his husband’s shirt.
Cas removes his body from Dean, and they become two separate entities once more, although not really, for they never really were – soul to grace and grace to soul and all that.
Castiel chanced a glance at the speaker and winced. He walked over to the inverted cross and watched as blood dripped from the body of Judas Iscariot into the red clay surrounding him. Judas’s eyes pleaded, begged.
They are almost one wavelength now, one solitary stream of celestial intent, their true forms being molded to accommodate them both. Their graces moved in strong, pleasant waves, and a hibiscus in Hawaii blooms fully, surprising residents.
Coldness froze a tendril of Castiel’s grace, ensuring one of the smallest pair of wings would always be singed.
He delights in the slight shudder Cas gives before the angel turns and kisses him with a heat he was surprised a heavenly being could conjure. But just as soon as their lips were joined, they parted, and Cas placed the mugs in everyone’s spots – leaving Dean breathless for the second time that morning.
הוא בכל מקום. הוא בטבע, בך, בי. עלינו למצוא אותו באשר אנו מסתכלים. (“He is everywhere. He is in nature, in you, in me. We are to find Him wherever we look.”)
Okay, so maybe Dean wondered if they could skip this part and he could persuade Cas to head straight to their bedroom. But he reminded himself this was them doing it right and taking it slow. And Cas planned this, whatever this was, and Dean was going to go through the emotions.
He can do nothing except utter two words the hunter didn’t want to hear, two words that meant nothing to Dean Winchester, because they were thrown around too easily and excused behavior that should not be excused. Dean Winchester was a man of action and needed it from others.
Dean never really had the chance to put too much thought into romantic endeavors and he kinda wished he could call Sam to ask for advice. He smiled wistfully at the thought of his younger brother suspended in time, waiting on him and Cas to finish the story.
She kneels in the middle of the country road in a small town in Ireland. Castiel is impressed by her ability to recall angels that quickly. Tears mingle with freckles as she looks to him.
Dean attempts to roll his eyes at the angel, winces from the pain, and flinches when a bottle of aspirin lands on his stomach.
John scoffs. “Look, I don’t know what you’re selling you son-of-a-bitch, but I ain’t buying, so you can get the hell out.”
Castiel doubles over but continues to fight. He manages to stab Kushiel in the arm, causing her to drop her blade.
“Okay, so you always had this thing for humanity, got it. But this is different, right? Me and Sam?”
Dean regards his husband with fondness. “You… Babe, how did you put up with that for all those years? Fuck, with me?”
Sam starts laughing. “It bothered me so much. I always had to clear my throat when I came into the room and the two of you were already in there. So intense Dean. And then the whole, ‘you’re like our brother, Cas’. Uh, right, if you ever looked at my lips and licked your own I would be horrified. Like, just leave the house and never come back.”
Cas gets the bottle out from the cabinet and puts it on the kitchen island. He gets two plates and silverware out as well. He also remakes them both a cup of coffee and orange juice. Dean plates the French Toast and Cas puts the sliced strawberries on top and sprinkles powdered sugar on top, making for a beautiful dish.
Dean chuckled as he once more went back to his work. “Yeah, yeah, hand me a ¼ inch socket with the ratchet, would ya? Let’s get some books back into this house.”
The angel in front of him opens a file folder on the desk in between them. She lays several papers side by side and points to each one as she offers a description. Balthazar sighs, missing the days gone by when he could take the folder and leave.
“He was all charm at The Roadhouse last night, it must be you, Vic.” Jo smiles smugly at her boyfriend. He rolls his eyes at her, but a hint of a smile plays at the right corner of his lip.
Dean thought back to Chuck’s squinted gaze and decided he didn’t like that one iota, but he sure as hell wasn’t gonna mention it to Cas.
He forces himself to look back at her, wondering if she remembers now. Their connection all those years ago, their forbidden act, their communion.
Eileen and Sam sit together, and Sam draws her in with one of his gigantic arms and Dean has to clear his throat to hide the emotions climbing up his throat.
Castiel once more looks to Dean, hoping, willing his would-be champion will make the decision he is not allowed to.
Victoria Doyle had worked with the occasional hunter before, but never any with the notoriety these two had. They were both loved and hated by other hunters, mostly hated. She knew they had saved the world a few times, but she also knew they were sometimes the ones that caused it to need saving.
Her soulful eyes happen upon him, and she takes pride in rendering him speechless, since one of his drawbacks is not possessing the ability to shut the hell up.
