“They told me he was drunk.” The other man’s voice sounded dead. “That the crash was his fault.” He tilted his head. “I believed it.”
already?” And then Tony is stepping closer, and Steve has to figure out how to breathe because with all his time alone he’s forgotten how this
Steve watches. Sometimes he sketches.
Thanos grabbed him in mid-air, dangling him by the neck as if it was nothing, Rogers snarling defiance as he tried to swing the over-sized shield-
“Always, boss,” the AI said softly. “May I proceed to stage two?”
Tony half-laughed, half-sobbed. Steve. From what he could see, the super-soldier’s body had been restored to its usual perfection, and Tony buried his head into Steve’s shoulder, carelessly thanking whatever force in the universe might be listening.
“Tony,” Steve begged.
, you’re hurting me,
Thanos laughed, a brutal sound. “Then listen well, sorceress,” he proclaimed. “For my purpose is just and my cause is true-”
Tony was shaking his head. “You’re living proof that it worked
“Alright then,” he said. A pause, then, “so did you think he was cute?”
Nausea struck, hard. Staggering outside, he puked violently into a nearby trash can, heaving until his stomach was empty. A soft-eyed nurse offered him water but he waved her away, unable to handle any kindness right now. Realizing how ludicrous he looked wrapped in his blanket, Tony summoned his sunglasses to hide what he could.
Yet somehow his acknowledgment made Tony angry. “Well, you’re welcome to fly someone else in and save your ass, Rogers. Should I maybe give Ross a call? He’s still demanding your immediate surrender-”
It was all he had time to think, because Tony’s mouth was heated gold against his own, Steve falling endlessly into him; Tony’s fingers raked ungentle lines along Steve’s jaw, through Steve’s hair. In glorious desperation, Steve opened his lips, snaked his tongue into Tony’s mouth, needing more, demanding
Although come to think about it, before the serum he’d said much the same thing. Steve had always been stubborn.
Tony sprang out of the bed, cursing his earlier self for kicking off his shoes, stuffing a foot into the first soft sneaker he found while hopping towards the door, scrambling and-
Steve seized the safer topic gratefully. “He’s my friend.” The words hung in the air between them; too late, Steve realized what he'd done.
Yet Steve had realized the implications of Tony’s words, and stared at him. Awe. “You didn’t ask, because you knew you could do it.”
Thor is shaking, slow. Banner and Romanoff. Okoye receives a summons on her wrist. Back to the Palace. The Captain nods. They walk. They are slow. The battlefield is wide. Empty.
But instead of yelling, Tony carefully folded his arms, schooling his expression back to that flat, anonymous calm. “So really, it’s my fault,” he said, his voice tight and eerily quiet.
me. It’s what he does, Captain, you know that. He took your heart and smashed it, just because he could.” There was something broken in his laugh. Something dangerous. “How much time did you waste hating yourself when you should have been hating
It’s full summer when he returns, the dirt track closed over into a green tunnel, branches scraping at the sides of his car. Tony has been trying all day to smother the ridiculous nerves in his stomach, but walking up to the cabin he feels very much like he’s being called to the principal’s office, not that many of his actual teachers over the years would ever have dared-
That day had held so many terrible moments, but one of the worst was realizing that their own reckless resistance had just inspired the younger Mad Titan to even greater villainy, the Avengers once more creating a threat they had barely managed to contain.
“What
Perfect, Tony thought, struggling to keep his face calm. “Lovely, glad to hear it. Sorry, you kinda crashed a party here, this isn’t really a good time to catch up.”
Steve looked at Tony, now noticing traces of the same slightly manic elation as Gamora. “What did you see? Memories?”
Shuri swept in accompanied by Peter - uh oh - who was carrying a tray of food. The no-longer-Queen commanded him to eat every bite to prove his recovery before dragging Peter out of the room again, although the kid didn’t exactly protest. Those two were going to be
Waking up in such a weird future just felt so much like a dream; another gift from the ice, a fantasy to comfort a dying mind. Oh, he’d believed that he was awake eventually, but a cold, lonely part of Steve had not fully trusted, had not fully accepted the world as properly real until he met the Soldier the world had built while he’d slept. The ice had given him pain, agony beyond measure, but the details of Bucky’s fate had torn Steve’s detachment to shreds. Not even the ice would be so cruel.
Tony sighed. “For one, Ty hates you.”
He needed Tony to do his
“I remember thinking it would be a good idea,” Steve said. “I’ve no clue what happened next. I guess Thor was right about how hard it is for mortals to control these things.”
“We're going to win here too, Steve,” the other man protested. “You can’t… Don’t you dare give up now.”
. He had to remember that Thanos was defeated, desperate; chances were he’d say anything he could think of just to spoil their victory.
“Yes. In my former life I dared too far and was judged unworthy,” Red Skull said. “My penance now is to serve.” He huffed air through his lipless mouth as if laughing, a grotesque and painful sound. “So much time spent without another soul to speak to, and now twice within the year, I have guests.”
, the other man pulled off his oxygen mask so he could nuzzle deeper into Tony’s hand, lips rough against Tony’s palm. Tony was so absorbed in this sensation -
“I’ll take it,” Steve whispered, and the realization crashed down upon him that maybe it was nearly over, that the universe was really going to be saved. The horrors undone. “Tony,” he tried, and his eyes were blurring, his knees weak. The Captain was furious; Thanos wasn’t dead yet, they still had to secure the area, neutralize his Gauntlet, retrieve the Stones. Still so much to do. But this first battle was over, and despite his worst fears, they had lost no one, and Tony was okay.
“Okay,” Steve repeated, his pulse slowing again, but Tony looked scared, staring back at him through the doorway, and Steve was trapped in a nightmare again with screeching pain rising in his chest and all he had wanted ever was to reach out and now-
Tony sulkily grabbed the sandwich, feeling ridiculous. “Fine, whatever.” They ate together, the silence not exactly comfortable but not quite awkward.
wow, it took much longer than i expected to put poor Steve back together, i had no idea his arc was gonna swoop so low when i started but there it went, zooming right off the graph paper. (if you really want a fun time, try watching LOTR with Sad Steve in your head, oh my GOD)
“Welcome, Captain Rogers,” the Ancient One says. Her eyes flick to the suitcase at his side; in Steve’s hand, Mjolnir waits. Yet when she smiles at him he thinks of warmth. “Your punctuality is most appreciated.”
Steve looked a bit puzzled, but nodded. “The garden’s back to how it was, yeah. Bucky said Shuri and Peter were in there all day sciencing, trying to figure it out.”
After about a minute, Tony managed a laugh. “Guess I should’ve read the manual on the end of the world, huh?”
Unexpectedly, that made Tony laugh. “You are a
“I know.”
Steve watched Tony flinch away, his dark eyes wild with denial. “Then we need to replace the serum, he needs… Bruce is back, he’ll figure it out, and Shuri, we can get them here, get him the serum and then he’ll be
Thankfully, it seemed to work; Tony was now sleeping soundly, sprawled across Steve’s chest. Unfortunately, that meant Steve couldn’t move, not even when Thor's return was accompanied by a visibly emotional Bucky. At the sight of his best friend’s distress, Steve yearned to stand and hug the man, but he equally couldn’t bear to disturb Tony’s rest.
“Does Steve know how you feel?” Natasha asked.
He felt a hand on his face; the Captain brushed it aside, met concerned eyes, watched confusion set in. The Captain rolled to his feet in one fluid movement, approaching the Soul Stone still hovering nearby.
And in a numbing burst Steve saw, too late, the vicious edges of Tony’s revenge. Understood the depths of the abyss the other man had now opened between them. The revelatory night they had just shared had been nothing but a trap, one Steve had marched into willingly, too eager to show trust, too desperate to risk caution.
“Are- are you sure?” Tony asked, his last brain cell on duty working hard not to be selfish. “You know you don’t have to rush into anything.” Steve shot him such a weird look that for a second Tony thought he’d said something to offend him. “I just mean it’s okay if you want to wait, your first time should be special-”
“Uh?” Stark said, twitching to attention. “Oh, sorry. About that, actually I’ll need to stay on this New Asgard thing for a couple days, and it’ll be easier to pull strings from here. You don’t mind if we switch teams, platypus?” He tilted his head towards Rhodey beside him.
...” The super-soldier buried his face in his hands, and the small hurt part of Tony gloated at how, for once, Captain America didn’t get to be the good guy; the same ugly part of Tony welcomed every moment of Steve’s distress, thought it was the least the super-soldier deserved.
Tony’s grip tightened, relaxed. “She at least ask first?”
,” Vision says; a blaze of blue and orange light flares behind him, so bright they all must shield their eyes from the dazzle, but when Steve looks again, he sees a portal, and he runs.
was watching. Nothing else mattered.
No. Better just to let it go. Simpler. Easier.
Unaccountably, Ty laughed. “Sadly, Captain, your reputation precedes you. Your threats are as empty as your propaganda. America’s own ubermensch, born under the fireworks on Independence Day itself.” He paused. “Why, that makes today your birthday, does it not?”
Tony’s gaze dropped to his phone, then slid away. “Trust me, Rogers,” he said. “Nowhere I’d rather be.” His words sounded sincere, but that didn’t mean much. Tony could be kind when it mattered. He could also lie better than anyone Steve had ever known. Yet either way, Steve didn’t have the energy to argue. The exhaustion had been growing within him, hour by hour, and this latest doze hadn’t made a dent.
He dreamed he woke long enough to tell Tony all about it, and that the other man smiled-
Sam hid his face in his hands. “Ugh, they’re so cute, I wanna puke.”
Wanda would be in Wakanda, Tony realized. And Barton, ugh. But there was no way he was staying in New York under Rogers’ supervision, so he turned to Bruce, hoping to recruit at least one friendly face. “Hey Brucie bear, you up for a road trip?”
“Did he know?” Tony asks.
“Uh, guys?” Sometime while Steve was yelling, Sam had landed nearby. “Just got word. Wakanda’s clear. The Mind Stone is secure, but Vision’s injured.”
Steve had been a little bit distracted for Thanos’ departure from Wakanda, but the Gauntlet seemed much more severely damaged than Thor had described. Deep cracks had emerged between the six glowing Stones, and the metal shards seemed a breath away from falling apart.
“Ty found out I was using him to get back at you,” he said, full of self-loathing at the ugly truth. “It broke his heart. He threatened to leave, but I begged him to stay.”
Steve pushed open the door to Ty’s bedroom and stopped still, staring. Dizzy, Tony peeked past him and gasped.
When they finally break down the door, he is long gone.
Steve met his gaze, solemn, earnest. “Maybe I love you because it’s the truth,” he said. Unable to believe but unwilling to argue, Tony leaned in and kissed him, long and sweet, until Steve sighed against his lips, his body slackening as if he’d just run out of battery.
“Kiss me,” Steve ordered, blue eyes demanding Tony’s total attention, his need bright and cruel as the noonday sun.
Steve met Stark’s gaze. “Sounds fair,” he said, proud when his voice came out even and cool. “But next time...” He tapped at his earpiece, and Stark at least had the grace to look sheepish. “What have you got?” Steve asked, glancing into the cauldron. There was a shallow pool of liquid twisting oddly within it, but the reflection on the liquid’s surface was of a night sky with…
It took five full days to complete their preparations, but in the end, the battle was over before it could really begin.
Midway through the third winter, Steve finds a gray hair in his beard.
It could have been much worse; given his lack of real injuries, Tony knew his earlier collapse was both melodramatic and pathetic. Pity from his colleagues would have been humiliating. Wong was also present, face gloomy as ever under a rather fetching head bandage, and the small group soon got Tony up to speed on recent events.
That’s why Steve is there in the Tower when there’s a report of an accident on the news. That’s how he is there to catch Tony after he answers his phone. And he’s there when Tony identifies her body, right by Tony’s side.
And that was enough.
He cried, here and there. Silently at first, so Steve wouldn’t notice. As the evening wore on, Steve’s breathing grew too loud for it to matter, each rasping heave hideous to witness.
Tony shrugged. “I met your fellow Guardians on Titan. Quill, Mantis and Drax. They fought well.”
“That’s fair,” Steve said, nodding. He took a slow steady breath of his own. The sky above them was turning an electric mix of purples and reds as the sun finally kissed the horizon. “Did you read my letter?” the super-soldier asked eventually. At Tony’s nod, he looked relieved. “I meant what I said, Tony. I would have come back if you’d called. The second you needed me.”
Steve opened his mouth to quarrel but a loud rumble overhead cut him off. He shaded his hand over his eyes to see Rhodey had returned and was escorting the
He had a job to do, so he held his focus throughout the reunion with Thor and Bruce, the introductions to the new faces and the reintroduction to one particularly greasy, smug face that Barton managed to flatten with a single punch. Worth the broken hand, in Tony’s opinion. They moved indoors for the real talk, Barton reappearing in a sling just as Romanoff finished briefing the newcomers on the past three years’ socio-political happenings, culminating in Wakanda’s emergence as the world’s nicest superpower.
“Yeah, well, hot brunettes, more your thing than mine,” Tony said, then froze, eyes darting to his face then away.
“I was just thinking…” Steve said. He looked up at Tony. “How did you know?”
Steve leaned closer, his voice soft. “And did you ask for that, too?”
…the mission.
Steve is used to the cold by now, enough so that the first flakes of snow outside barely registers. The knocking on the door, however, is something worth noticing.
“Gotta say, I’m loving the beard,” Tony bites out, looking him up and down. “The whole lumberjack thing is really working for you.”
Pepper was again trying to blink back tears, Tony’s heart crushing smaller and tighter as she continued. “But don’t try to tell me you would make any other choice. Even if you had known what it meant, what leaving would do to us. You will always leave me behind, without a second of hesitation. That’s part of who you are. It’s what makes you a hero. But it’s the one part of you, the one part of
“Sorceress,” the Mad Titan said quietly. “Enough delay. Is the choice made?” Steve exchanged a long, suspicious glance with Tony over Thanos’ defeated demeanor, and they both turned to watch him closely.
Tony frowned. “What’s option B?”
To anyone watching, Steve’s slight stumble would have been attributed to the ice.
“What if there’s no other way?” Tony asked, his eyes dark and serious.
Wilson turned to Strange, who shrugged. “He has suffered a nasty concussion,” the Doctor pointed out. “Clearly he’s in no shape to fight.” Slowly, Wilson nodded, his mouth set unhappily.
“Holy shit,” Tony breathed, because he hadn’t thought of that, none of them had
“I killed Thanos,” Nebula announced; apparently she had been listening. She turned now, her emotions back under control. “At the moment of his death, the Soul Stone vanished. We believe Thanos sent it away to keep it beyond our reach. We seek a way to track it.”
“Take it off,” Steve ordered, which in
He understood. Out of all the Avengers, only Bruce had known the full extent of what she’d gone through as a kid, the Red Room’s ‘graduation ceremony’ a hideous proof of how far they would go to own her future. Steve had sometimes wondered why Nat would have such a profound attachment to Clint’s family while continually shooting down any possibility of ever having her own, but through all the years of being her friend, he hadn’t asked and she hadn’t shared. Nat had gone on keeping her personal life intensely private, had thrown herself into her work leading the team after his and Tony’s retirement, right up until the day a passing medical scan had revealed the truth: her former tormentors had
Okay then. Tony opened the phone’s contacts first. Just the one number, saved under a blank name; about what he’d expected. One incoming call in its history. Bruce. Lucky really, that he’d dropped it in New York before leaving for Titan. But that memory led him to a new realization. “You thought it was me calling?”
Steve shook his head, light-headed despite the oxygen mask’s assistance. “I would have forgiven you, if I’d known, Tony… You could have talked to me.”
“Maybe we don’t need to talk about it,” Tony offered. But maybe there was too much to talk about, was more what he meant.
“Oh, I did,” Tony said, then bit his lip. “I tried to. Made it easier to live with. But deep down I knew. What I’d done. What I was.”
The fact that Stark wanted nothing to do with the Avengers anymore had made Steve’s life much easier.
??:??, Tuesday 3rd July 2018
“Help, not fix,” Steve said slowly, admiring Tony’s fingers entwined in his own. Of course, the billionaire already knew the difference. Always ahead. It was almost funny, how the same lesson kept returning. After the serum, Bucky had joked his skull was so dense now that Steve needed to be hit on the head several times to soften him up before new stuff could sink in.
Despite the urgency in the chatter around him, Steve had drifted too far out to keep track of concern. He lay still, not resisting, as gentle but efficient hands changed his sheets, replaced his pillow, smoothed his hair. As he had done for her, badly, at the end. As she had done for him so patiently, countless times before.
“So far,” Tony said.
? Shit, I had
Now, deprived of a crisis, he felt scrubbed raw, all of his senses flooded open, and the super-soldier clenched his teeth at the discomfort. He had to keep it together. There was too much to do. He could not get distracted now.
It was now coming up to four o’clock in the afternoon, so when Wong came upstairs to cover his post, Steve was eager to find food. What he found, to his renewed irritation, was Stark sitting with the Doctor, both huddled over a large cauldron that was no doubt doing something magical and obscure. Steve stopped in the doorway, unnoticed, trying to school his breathing back towards calm.
All Steve could do was hope they’d get it right the next time.
“Not exactly,” Tony answered, looking at him carefully. “I knew T’Challa was concerned. Before. But it’s a smart move.”
“Uh, because it’s me?” Tony raised one shoulder in a lopsided shrug. “Half the global media wants to jerk off on how I’m a spoiled rich brat with a god complex, while apparently half the damn Internet needs to believe that I’m some indestructible robot messiah just so they can get through their day. I start crying victim, they’d probably all demand a refund.” His lips twisted in a failed smirk. “Wouldn’t exactly be the trademark Tony Stark experience.”
“It’s okay, Tony. It’s not your problem,” Steve said. And it was true. He had it covered.
The android considered the question. “As though I can feel my shadow, but it stretches all the way across the galaxy, and beyond.”
Damn the man. He really was
“Boss?” Friday broke through his panicked thoughts. “I believe the ship is attempting to make contact.” Shuri swung round, looking to Tony with an indecision he shared. Sure, in theory the system was designed around total transparency. In theory, it was supposed to broadcast proximity alerts so that all of Earth could simultaneously be made aware of a potential threat and people had time to take shelter without causing mass panic in the streets.
That much was planned. That much was very good.
Tony laughed, bitter and hard. “You really thought you could just stroll back in after you were the one to walk away? Captain America, boldly going wherever the fuck you wanna go. Christ, you’re like a bad joke.”
. But don’t worry, when I’m done, the world won’t care to know
Bruce gave him a sharp look. “Useless how?”
He was going to die. He was really going to die, right here in this awful plastic room. He sucked in a ragged breath, some sort of tube under his nose, but his mind was reeling, halfway convinced his airway was closing in again-
He sat up straight and tried to focus, perching uncomfortably on the edge of the couch.
,” Tony groaned when Steve moved to sucking hard on his neck, proving himself still capable of some speech.
Yet all Tony had to offer was disappointment.
“For a minute there, I was,” Steve said, and his expression was the opposite of fireworks, misery sinking into itself. “I thought maybe, if you were single, if I came back… there might be a chance.”
“Not lately,” Clint muttered, and privately, Steve had to agree. When Natasha raised an eyebrow, the archer leaned in, sneaking a careful glance at the Wakandan delegation across the room. “Word is he was a hot mess out west, kept dodging the job to jet off with that piece of shit at a moment’s notice.”
Bruce frowned. “Uh, okay, but who else would you- wait, did you two finally…?” And then, in nightmarish slow motion, he gestured towards Rogers and began to smile as if-
Wakanda’s armies had been magnificent, it seemed, their shield technology allowing Earth’s defenses to manage the alien incursion with minimal casualties. Thanos himself had been off-world for most of the early battle, content to spend his first waves of attack searching for weaknesses. Once he’d joined the fray, Carol, Strange and Vision had managed to negate his use of the Infinity Stones, but he remained an intense physical threat even without their power.
Tony gave him the soft, crooked smile that was his second favorite Tony expression. “There are many ways to be with someone, Steve, I kinda need you to be specific. What exactly do you want here?”
Yet at the sight of the bed, Steve froze, suddenly flooded with nerves. “I… Tony?”
The doctor’s back was turned so he didn’t see. But Steve saw. The horrified tension in Tony’s whole body. The way Tony’s expression slipped, for one haunting moment, into pure panic.
. Nat is quiet, resolute. Strong. Steve holds her close and tells her he’s wrong, Clint is wrong, if Bruce is right then no one ever has to worry about Thanos anymore, the price has already been paid but no matter what Steve says there is still too much doubt on her face, still that silent debt in her eyes…
. “Contrary to popular assumption,” he murmured against Tony’s lips, “casual sex was not invented in the sixties. I’ve slept with men before, Tony. Women too.” He drew back a little, the confident smirk back on his face. “But when it comes to the act of sucking dick specifically,” and a low Brooklyn drawl slipped into his voice as he nuzzled Tony’s shoulder, “let me tell ya, on all the tours, across multiple continents,” Steve paused, dipped his tongue into the hollow of Tony’s throat, “I got nothin’ but rave reviews.” Then he flashed a flawless all-American grin that, when connected to those abs and that dick, was just not
Rhodey eyed him. “Nebula told us what happened on Titan, you know. How you went toe to toe with Thanos. Even made him bleed.”
Tony tossed the nearest journalist a flamboyant wink. “Wow, cancel everything, the day’s ruined…” As he’d hoped, his joking broke the room’s focus, and as low rumbles of conversation broke out amongst the crowd, he and T’Challa were able to make a clean escape.
Steve broke off, appalled by his own vitriol, by the devastated expression on Stark’s face, all the worse because he’d
“Yikes,” Tony sighed. “But that’s great news. Cracking Erskine’s formula won’t be easy, but having the original herb on hand should knock a few days off the job. You good with staying on in Wakanda for a bit?”
, Steve thought. He smiled up at the man he loved. “Okay, Tony. I promise.”
When Steve failed to react, Tony cleared his throat. “So you’re saying he’ll have to stay in isolation indefinitely?”
A relieved grin lit up Peter’s face. “Oh good! Uh, a nurse just let us know, they finished the surgery and Captain Rogers is being moved to recovery, they had to take out his spleen but they said considering everything, he’s looking really good.”
He may have been better prepared, if he had.
“Does this happen a lot?” Bruce asked. He was sitting on the far side of Natasha, and was one of the few people in the room who didn’t seem disgruntled.
Tony, who hadn’t trained with the Avengers in two years.
, you saw him naked,” Rhodey exclaimed.
“Reality Stone,” Tony confirmed. “Convenient way to build something, I guess. I have the image in my head of what I want it to do, but how do we get it done? Think happy thoughts?”
For a shameful moment Tony was seriously tempted by the idea, but he shook his head. “Ty wouldn’t let you in,” he said. “He would just broadcast the feed of you breaking into his house and wait for the cops. Considering you’re technically on a plane to Norway right now, that could get messy.” He took a deep breath, nerves jangling with reluctant fear. “No, it has to be me.”
“So you just up and wooshed
The rest of the New York team had apparently been shown to a private waiting room down the hall where they could rest and wait for updates on Steve. Normally Tony would have steered the hell clear, but Peter loudly assumed he’d want to be with his friends in such a difficult time and Tony didn’t have the heart to correct the kid. Despite his best efforts, he staggered once on the way there. Still chattering at full-throttle, Peter caught him before he could fall, the kid’s grip on Tony’s arm deadly strong yet discreet. Tony should have felt mortified at his weakness, but somehow the kid’s easy cheer made it okay.
Steve’s eyes flicked to the screens behind Tony, where his double was most definitely not stopping; as his gaze slowly slid back towards him, Tony watched the horror unfold on Steve’s face.
“Oh c’mon, Tasha. He’s the worst,” Clint said, dragging his words out into a whine. “He calls me
And some final shred of fighting instinct rallied in Tony, because he knew she was right. They couldn’t stop Peter helping. It was the very best part of him, just like she’d said.
“Jailbreak,” the billionaire quipped. “Or to be more precise, I’m stealing you for the rest of the day.” Tony held out his hand again, and waited as a cloud of confusion passed over Steve’s features, then cleared.
Steve, forever and ever and ever-
” Steve asked, outraged.
,” Steve breathed against his ear, his name sending scalding electric sparks all the way to his cock. He pushed Steve to sit up and helped pull the shirt over his head, then for a good eight point three seconds forgot how to breathe. He’d seen Steve shirtless before, of course, but in this moment…
“Wow, dude,” an unfamiliar voice spoke up from nearby, startling them both. “Remind me to cross you off my Christmas list.” Tony craned his neck as Thanos swiveled round to face the newcomer. The glowing blonde woman stared back, unimpressed.
Steve gave a curt nod. “Once we saw the news, I was gonna call anyway. But then… it was Bruce.”
“Okay,” Steve agreed, because Tony had stayed when Steve had asked. Therefore because Tony had asked, Steve would stay. A truth as pure as time itself, as inevitable as…
He sleeps.
Yet she didn’t leave. “God, you’re such an asshole,” she muttered. “But fine, have it your way. If I’m not your nurse, then I guess I’m just your friend.” And a series of odd rustling noises followed.
Hours.
Across the room, Shuri and T’Challa had been conferring quietly. “If you agree,” Shuri spoke up, turning towards Vision, “I would like to attempt the extraction back in Wakanda. My laboratory is the best equipped to analyze the Mind Stone, plus I may have an idea about a replacement power source that would preserve some of your abilities.”
The horror and remorse came all in a flood.
Steve reached out and took Tony’s hand, weaving his fingers with Tony’s own. “That this time, you don’t go off alone to save the universe. That you don’t leave me behind again.” He paused. “Promise me that whatever comes, we’ll fight it together.”
“No, no, I promise,” Tony said. “I’ll be home this weekend. Sunday at the latest.”
“What happened?” Steve asked.
From the reddened smudges around his eyes, it was clear the other man had shed some significant tears, yet Bucky just smirked and nodded at Tony, keeping his voice low. “So. Deathbed confession?”
Two years later, almost to the day, Thanos wipes New York off the face of the Earth with the Power Stone, then fights his way to seize the Mind Stone from Vision. They watch the Mad Titan crumble into dust, neutralized, but too late. Such cost. Steve takes a break from the team, spends months looking for Bucky in all the worst places. Tony shows up in Madripoor, cheerfully insisting Steve comes home for Christmas. For the wedding.
There were now three days to go before Titan, and Tony was scowling at his breakfast. The main dish featured a grain he didn’t know the name of cooked with seeds he couldn’t identify. It was delicious, but it was no cheeseburger. At least there was coffee. Not really thinking, he reached for the pot to pour a third cup, and jumped when Steve gently tapped his wrist.
Turned out grass tickled like a bitch.
The Soul Stone looked from one to the other. “Is that… all you want?” No, thought Steve. Home, and peace. But that was never the mission, and so he nodded.
The whirling dome of waiting energy above was now composed of five colors to match the Stones safely glowing on their shared Gauntlet; orange, blue, red, purple, and yellow. Yet unlike the raging storm of before, the colors flowed smoothly in and around each other in shifting ribbons, something similar to the Northern Lights. For a full thirty seconds, he let the sight soothe him, let himself picture how much Rhodey would have loved it, even imagined himself describing it to him when he saw his friend again. If he saw him again, his mind chipped in. Cool, mind. Great talk.
They sit in comfortable silence, until Steve just has to ask. “What’s with all the colors, though?”
Tony fell asleep.
“Okay. Can I get up yet?” he asked, impatient to be back on his feet.
“Yeah gotta say, that was a weird choice.” Tony was doing his trademark babbling-in-the-face-of-evil thing, sounding supremely confident. Hiding his fear so well. “Guess arrogance is a universal super-villain problem. I mean, look around, Crusoe. You didn’t think we’d come for you? That someone in the universe would fight back?”
The light disappears from his eyes, and with it goes all sense of the battlefield, their desperate victory. Steve is cold and sinking again, trapped in a world that no longer allows his body to breathe. He watches Pepper sob and feels no distance between his pain and her own. There is nothing else left.
It’s the end of the world, but the Captain is not done.
“Don’t go,” Steve whispered. “Please, Tony, don’t go, it’s cold…”
Nebula visibly flinched; Steve was shaking, Schmidt’s words flooding through him. Bargains… Costs… The Captain held firm; the Nazi was still speaking. “In all my life, I have loved none and thought myself superior. Trapped on this planet, I learned the price of love, and in its absence knew myself bereft. But the lesson goes deeper still, Captain Rogers. Only today, watching you and your beloved, did I finally understand how cheaply I had sold my soul, how weak I had made myself by valuing only the extraordinary and glorious. For I had turned my back on an ordinary magic which can surpass all others, perhaps the deepest power in the universe, which life itself is born to wield.”
Steve stared after Tony, unaware of anything else, until Bucky gave him an impatient shove. “This is the part where you go after him, Stevie.”
Yet by the morning Peggy had rallied, thanks to the casual miracles of modern medicine. He’d stayed with her, patient, until she woke. But she woke confused, screaming and crying at the sight of his face. She knew him, but she was too sick to understand how he was there, the stress driving her towards a likely relapse. Her nurse had ordered him to leave, so he’d fled. After, she’d gently told him not to visit again until Peggy was fully recovered and settled back at the care home. A small part of him had been glad.
trembled imperceptibly under his feet and shook Steve out of his thoughts.
, he told himself, trying to calm down.
Tony took a breath, glanced back at Steve, refocused on Thanos. “But you know what? Fuck you, pal. People will find a way to survive. That’s what we do. We survive and rebuild and maybe we only get through by adding some shiny new traumatic chapters to the history books but hey, guess what? So long as there’s people, you can’t stop us living, can’t stop us loving each other and going forth and multiplying and that means at some point generations from now we’ll be facing the exact same problem, same as if you did nothing. What you did wasn’t just cruel, wasn’t just evil; it was
The other man frowned. “I’m aware.”
Tony’s mind took off in so many directions at once that all higher brain function tangled itself to a halt, but luckily - luckily? - Steve had already stepped away to grab the last empty container. His muscles rippled visibly underneath his white t-shirt - water makes wet, Tony’s genius mind observed - as the super-soldier hoisted the container over his head and looked at him expectantly.
With only a small sample needed, nothing about the process should have affected him, yet he felt oddly depleted afterwards. Young though she was, Shuri was wise enough not to smother him in thanks. Instead she shooed him out of her lab as if nothing significant had just occurred.
And if he had also accepted the job of making sure that never ever had to happen, so what?
But. Now?
“We don’t know whether or not there’s any danger,” Steve said.
Rocket shrugged. “I’d advise watching from a safe distance, something like the next solar system. But what choice do we have?”
But Tony’s whole body was still trembling, his mind still trapped in a thousand universes where Steve hadn’t listened, had murdered Ty and become a killer all because of him, all because of Tony’s stupid selfish pathetic-
“He is a
“Sorry.” Steve forced his arms into a less crushing grip, but he was still disturbed by what the billionaire had said. “Please tell me you were kidding, though.”
Unbelievable, that it had taken him this long to notice her engagement ring was gone. Nowhere to be seen. And cruelly, when he looked down, neither was his. Panic rose within him, mixed with other emotions he struggled to identify; sorrow of course, shame. Anger was in there, too; it seemed he could never come home after all, that Thanos had - even now - robbed him of the life he’d once lived for. But maybe, in some exhausted, unspeakable corner… relief.
Of course, then Thor kept talking. “Indeed, Stark, my quest has taken me far since last we parted, but I return with grave tidings of an unspeakable peril, an enemy who seeks to tear apart the very fabric of existence itself, and from whom I fear the Earth is in great imminent danger.”
but he just
Tony turned towards them but didn’t look at either of them directly, instead stabbing a thumb at T’Challa, his voice only slightly rougher than usual. “So Prince of Purrsia here is taking Zemo to answer for the bombings, meaning you’re officially off the hook, Barnes.”
, do you, you fucking
A while later, his mind gave him names for the voices, for the warmth. Peter. Rhodey.
Tony nodded. “At first.” A shy smile broke over his face. “Then, everything, Steve. It was so… beautiful. Elegant. Like... The best math you could ever imagine. I saw.. I think I saw the future. Or maybe a bunch of futures, they all spilled over so fast but god, Steve, I
Steve tried not to glare. The other man was often rude, but rarely this hurtful. Yet it had been a rough day for him, Tony was entitled to feel upset. “Okay, you may have a point, but I’ll deal with the team later. Right now, I want to talk to you, Tony.”
“You hum too,” the super-soldier continued. “While you’re working. If it’s going well. Did you know that?”
The Soul Stone was a warm orange glow in his hand.
ignore me!”
Across the room, Wanda didn’t look convinced. “He may be able to think, but will he be able to
Steve’s heightened awareness caught Tony’s flinch, but the billionaire pushed forward regardless. Always brave. “Sure is.”
Back to hating Steve.
“More your thing than mine,” Steve said, then sighed. He really was so tired. “Tony, do you think- could you maybe-”
. Therefore it didn’t mean anything. Maybe if he had been single he would have paid more attention, wouldn’t have just shrugged and let it go, but he had been blessed with Pepper long before he met Steve. She was his whole life. And somehow, failing to save her and half of all life in the universe had kinda killed off his libido, so. The whole Steve thing had not been a problem thus far.
, Tony, no…”
He could easily pick out the six videos Ty had used to threaten him, but with a sickening lurch, Tony spotted at least a dozen more that he’d never seen before. All of him. Some with Ty. But some with
Ty squealed in pain, then sagged against the wall, only Steve’s firm grip on his arm keeping him upright. “I also wanted to make something
“Tony?” Steve asked gently.
“Mortals,” the Soul Stone sighed. “At least the rest of you appreciated the trip.” She smiled down at Gamora who beamed giddily back at her; Thanos looked away, still silent.
Tony stood, looked at Rhodey. “I need to see him.”
“Rest,” Rhodey echoes.
She smiles without answering. They wait and watch on the rooftop until the battle reaches its end, until somewhere Loki is escaping with the Tesseract and Bruce finally leaves with the Time Stone and the scepter. Steve opens the suitcase and offers her the green gem. The Ancient One squeezes his hand before taking it.
It was still a clumsy explanation, but Tony was looking at him again. “You were protecting Barnes.”
Steve’s impossible headache had returned and he scrubbed at his face with both hands, irritated at his own self-pity. He had to stop obsessing over the past and start thinking through his current situation while he had the time.
T’Challa had stepped up to calm the crowd as Shuri discreetly turned her back, pulling up data projections on her wrist display that she studied with laser intent.
He looked up; she was in focus but everything else was blurring, melting. “I’m sorry,” he gasped. “I don’t…”
Steve clenched his fist and struck the waist-high wall before him, accidentally cracking a few bricks. Dammit, but Stark was
“Not really,” he said, then took a deep breath. Honesty. “I don’t know what Steve and I are to each other, but friends is not the right word. We’re… something else. Maybe something more.” She took her hand away. “I am so sorry, Pepper,” he said, the remorse so heavy within him. Yet she was looking back at him without any surprise, as if… He exhaled. Of course. She already knew.
After their meeting concluded that an attack on Titan had their best chance of success, Thor traveled to Nidavallir and spoke with the one surviving dwarf, who confirmed he could make them a new Gauntlet given adequate assistance. The lab crew had subsequently spent an eventful week there, with Thor ferrying them back and forth every morning and evening. Steve had complained about this, loudly, but so long as Tony came home every night, he had eventually agreed to stay on Earth to work on collaborative battle strategies with Rhodey and the rest.
It was fair. To be sorry, he meant. He was sorry too, he thought. Somewhere. “And Happy?”
Steve exhaled, feeling as though he’d been holding his breath for centuries. He slumped back into the couch, relief spreading release throughout his body, tilting his head towards the warmth of the afternoon sun.
“Don’t, don’t do that,” the other man cut him off. “Don’t ever be sorry, Steve, please, I’m the one who should be sorry, I didn’t…”
“That since pop culture narratives have the power to influence contemporary behavioral norms, incorporating marginalized perspectives within mainstream cultural institutions can help bridge the initial gaps of understanding within society’s collective consciousness around people who would otherwise be vulnerable to Othering, but it’s tough cos using narratives to leverage social change requires the creator to pursue storytelling goals that transcend corporate profiteering.”
“Our fight isn’t over,” Tony said. He looked around, meeting everyone’s eyes, willing them to believe. “There is still a way to win.”
Steve stepped up to Tony’s side, then realized he had no idea what to say, so instead of speaking he just took the billionaire’s hand and waited.
Steve was blushing again, and for the first time - too late - Tony let himself wonder what else they could have been to each other, back in the world before the end of the world; wondered why they had never tried to find out just where the limits were between them; wondered at how easy, how natural this new intimacy felt.
Tony felt a swell of savage emotion within him. Bless this man. “I love you,” he said, breathless with everything else he was leaving unsaid. Steve tilted his head to one side. Considered him. Scorched him. Tony felt heat rise within him again, his body answering the call.
His heart plummeted, a spectacularly physical sensation. “It’s okay, Tony,” Steve said heavily, suddenly grateful for how the mask was obscuring his face. “You don’t have to… I know you don’t feel the same way. I’m sorry, you don’t have to say anything-”
White t-shirt. Very wet.
. “He and I have a conversation first.”
Something in his voice sent warning thrills through Steve’s whole body. “You’re the furthest thing from a coward, Tony, why would you-”
by march_hyde
“I’m sorry,” he said, because he had left her, even if now he’d found her.
“He’s been pretty upset since you got back,” she said. “They said he wouldn’t stand down until you were out of danger. Like he had to hear that you’d live before he could rest.” That sounded about right, but somehow it was excruciating hearing about Steve from
Eventually he must have succumbed, because the next time Steve opened his eyes, Tony was slumped in the chair, phone nowhere to be seen. Awake, but… still. That was wrong. Tony was never still. He was… freedom and sunshine and fire.
creeped him out. “But how can you know where to point it if you’ve never gone there from here?” he asked, rejoining the others.
Tony was first off the plane, throwing himself into greeting his teammates, a wisecrack here, a nudge there. As usual, there was no sign of
And for the first time since he blew up his life and went on the run, Steve was totally alone. It should have been nice, he knew. Peaceful.
Tony leaned forward, Steve bowing his head to meet him. Their lips brushed, feather-light.
“Oh yeah? Cool,” Tony murmured, stifling a yawn behind his hand. Then his eyes popped fully open, and he swiveled back to stare at Steve, suddenly wide awake.
Tony shrugged. “Oh, I’ll ask. Just wanna know how hard I should push if he won’t answer.” Shuri just raised an eyebrow, and Tony sighed. One possibility made more sense than the rest. “It’s his blood, right?” he said quietly.
“Shit, sorry,” Steve said, his expression instantly rueful; Tony could have kissed him.
The other man had removed the rest of his armor, and the bruises revealed on his face and arms were already turning a wicked purple. Before Steve could gather the nerve to say anything, Tony had crossed to the kitchen area and opened the door to a concealed freezer, retrieving a set of ice packs with a horrible air of routine. Steve stood still and watched, knowing there was nothing to do or say that would help. Every time he thought of another way to apologize, he could already hear in his head exactly how Tony would shut him down, would twist the knife or, worse, just shrug at him, unmoved. So he waited, ready.
Too smudged to share the awkwardness, Steve just smiled. “Guess so.”
Rogers gave a stiff nod.
Bruce, of course, caught on instantly. “About a sackful of Carolina Reapers,” he said soberly.
Steve opened his eyes and tried to smile. “Scale of one to jalapeno?”
Much later, back in bed, Tony confided in Steve that he was considering legal action against Stone, regardless of the public consequences it would bring.
“Yeah, I heard you fought Thanos. So how’d our bots hold up in battle?” Shuri asked, still scanning the data.
of here.
But thoughts like that were part of the problem, he realized now. Ordinary or not, Steve was just a man who had been placed in extraordinary circumstances, and no one had recognized in time the extraordinary effort it must have taken for Steve to rise to their expectations, never mind surpass them, over and over. Tony himself had been the worst offender in those early years, happily ducking out of every possible responsibility to pursue only the fun bits of being an Avenger. He’d learned too well since the Accords fallout just how much of Steve’s labor had gone unremarked, how much silent fear and stress and doubt there was in being a real leader. But Tony was lucky; he’d had Pepper and Rhodey to vent to, trusting in the low moments that his oldest friends would listen to him as a person first and worry about what it meant for the team later. Did Steve have anyone he could trust like that?
“And I’m not sorry,” he said, because she deserved his honesty, had always insisted on it when it came to their relationship, and he’d never thought twice in New York, had never really regretted going to Titan even if it meant never coming back. Not for himself, at least.
A paralyzing numbness swept Tony from head to toe, bad enough that he was glad of his mask.
Still, it took a minute or so before Steve trusted himself to speak. Luckily Tony had no such trouble, chattering wildly about his plans to have Pepper buy up every candy corporation on Earth just so he could ban all the purple ones.
She tilts her head in birdlike curiosity. “Your presence here suggests victory, and yet…” She steps near and Steve averts his gaze, choked anew by the concern in her eyes. “It seems you have paid a terrible cost.”
Had Pepper felt relief?
An unexpected noise at the door brought them both swinging around. Steve. “They’re away, we can proceed whenever you’re ready,” the super-soldier announced. Nebula sniffed and turned back to the Stones, seemingly fine with this development.
,” he hissed, his rage condensed to an acute, icy calm. So soon. Bad sign.
Steve watched Tony go, his mind racing.
“Language,” came the reflexive reply.
Wilson still looked doubtful, but just as Tony was sure he was going to refuse, Peter tried and failed to stifle a loud yawn. This detonated a chain of giant sympathetic yawns through the exhausted team, and once Wilson had his face back under control, he shook his head ruefully. “Okay, fine. I’ll be back in the morning, thanks.”
- to hide his satisfaction. “All great,” he answered, then looked to Natasha. “Nice trick with the card,” he told her.
Tony knew the kid’s answer before he spoke. “I can help, Aunt May. I want to go.”
Tony nearly sobbed, “oh my god, same answer, fucking
“Thanos is most likely on Titan. It is reported that the planet has been restored to how it looked before its destruction. Therefore I believe he still possesses a working Gauntlet.” The android seemed to hesitate. “I… can confirm the Andromeda galaxy was equally and instantaneously affected by his actions. Rumor suggests the same throughout the known universe.” Steve was surprised to feel his heart lurch. Clearly some part of him had still hoped there was some limit to the Devastation, some peaceful oasis beyond horror’s reach. Onscreen, Nebula shook her head. “I am now returning to Earth. Expect me in a week.”
Tony thought about it. Sitting already sucked. But maybe. “Of course.”
Throughout his miserably epic history of fuckups and failures, Tony had become a pro at masking up, delivering adequate bullshit to suit every occasion, but sitting through this party felt more of a chore than ever before.
Home, and peace.
you do?” he growled. “Can you figure out a way to go back thirty years and tell my parents not to get in that car? Better yet, can you go back seventy years and stop Barnes falling off that train? Yeah, didn’t think so. But you’re better at
prove it wasn’t Steve in the video, there was still the safeword to explain. On the worst days, he had imagined he could handle the fallout of destroying Iron Man’s reputation, but Tony had run the math; he
Countless seconds later, the door to his room opened; Steve wearily opened his eyes to whatever medical torment that promised. Yet Dr Palmer wasn’t alone. A second suited figure was approaching his bedside, dark eyes bright behind his full-face visor.
No one said a single word until Nat returned. Whether that was a blessing or a curse, Steve didn’t know, but when she came back, there was rage darkening her face. “He’s gone,” she announced.
“Actually, I believe it may be possible,” Vision spoke up; briefly, he met Tony’s gaze, both understanding and acceptance in his preternaturally calm eyes. Tony felt a mixed wave of remorse and pride as the android tapped the Mind Stone in his forehead. “I have been studying this artifact ever since I became aware of my own existence. Despite my efforts, I am still not sure how it works. Yet I believe that the gem’s matrix could be destabilized by a sufficient power…” He hesitated and turned to Wanda beside him. “…that is of a similar kind to its own.”
, a familiar sneering voice told him, inspiring such a deep flash of self-loathing that his whole body shuddered to a halt mid-sob.
More voices gathered, said gentle things, maybe cried. Peter gave way to Bruce. He heard Nat sobbing on the floor, her arm curled around his feet. Provoked to worry by her grief, Tony tried to look around, to see who was missing. But everyone he could think of was there. Everyone, except…
Steve scrambled to his feet, mechanically gathering his clothes off the floor, then stormed out of the room, still too stunned and hurt and furious to say a word.
“Third floor, last door on the left,” the AI provided.
it felt to hold Tony this close, as if they had always been designed to fit this way. Somehow with Tony’s cock in his mouth Steve felt more fully himself than he had on any battlefield, his mouth drawing forth merciless ecstasy, Tony twisting under his fingertips into some beautiful wild thing.
“I’m far from innocent,” Bucky said, but he was looking at Tony, who was deliberately scrutinizing the inside of the Wakandan ship as if he wasn’t paying attention.
“A-all of them?” Further into the ship, the raccoon was staring up at Nebula, its ears and tail drooping towards heartbreak. The android gave a reluctant nod and the small creature backed away with a sob, holding out its paws in such a human gesture that Tony could not see it as an animal anymore; just another broken heart.
“And I’m going to need your help,” he says.
“Fine,” Ty snapped. “America is boring anyway.”
“I’m so sorry,” Tony said, and he meant it. The young Queen’s mind was the most brilliant he’d ever known, but he knew all too well how bitter failure could taste for someone so used to success. No wonder Steve was upset. He’d seemed genuinely invested in helping her.
“What does that even mean?” Tony asked.
May had frozen in shock, but with a deep breath she rallied. “You know Peter would never agree to stand by and watch people get hurt if he thinks he can help. And he’s a teenager, Tony, he always thinks he can help.”
“Wait,” Steve breathed. “No, I don’t… I can’t wait…”
“No worries, Pete, I’m up,” Tony answered, this time his voice sounding acceptably casual.
, it’s the worst bad in
, his whole body and mind ringing loud with new, limitless possibility. Taken with amazement, he didn’t realize his own lack of response until Tony drew back, hovering as if uncertain.
“Followed the yellow brick road,” Steve said, keeping a firm grip of Tony’s left hand with his right, but casually shrugging his other hand free. “Turned out to be the scenic route.”
As they climbed, every creak of the floorboards echoed through Tony like a gunshot.
Tony grinned. Keeping up with MJ meant the kid’s life would never be boring, even outside of his Avengers duties. “I’ll pass on the compliment.”
Even Tony Stark.
Steve raised his chin. This question, he could answer. “Tony. I’m willing to admit I’ve made some mistakes lately. Bad ones. Even though I really thought I was doing the right thing, but I guess I was wrong. I just couldn’t see it on my own. So I think you’re right. The team needs oversight. Accountability. And so do I. Without the team, I don’t know how I would… I don’t think I would be able to…”
In his lifetime, Steve had lost family, friends, a whole damn world.
Nebula took a deep breath, then reached out with the Gauntlet and picked up the blue Space Stone, careful not to touch any of the others. After a few seconds of no reaction, she transferred it to her bare left hand, then quickly brought the Stone towards the nodes on the Gauntlet’s smooth surface. The Space Stone snapped itself into place and Nebula cried out as an eerie blue light pulsed underneath her skin. It increased to an unbearable brightness, but right when Tony started to worry, the glow settled, and the android was left standing, the Space Stone safely installed on the Gauntlet. Easy breezy.
They pulled up before the front door, Tony squinting up at the blank, empty windows. Ty’s preference was to bus in his domestic staff obscenely early every morning just so they’d be gone before he woke in the afternoon; the tycoon resented all signs of life in his home that he did not expressly permit. Lunchtime was usually the busiest hour, but from the eerie silence, it looked like Ty had given everyone the day off. No witnesses, Tony thought. It made their mission simpler.
, Steve thought. “Your mom?”
“Well, now, that kinda sounds like a good story,” Tony said, his dark eyes crinkling into a genuine smile.
Later, after the last of the sun had slipped from view, Steve murmured, “I hope I hear you sing.”
“Entering atmosphere,” Nebula announced.
Leaving a sprawled Steve extinguished on the bed, Tony got up to fetch a wet cloth from the bathroom, surprised to discover he was still wearing his left shoe. That seemed a worthy testament to the urgency of recent events, but for dignity’s sake, he kicked it off before returning to bed. As he finished wiping them both down, Steve’s eyes fluttered open. “Tony? Are you… Was that okay?” he asked, his words slurring together.
- one of his most important friendships beyond any hope of repair, but he had managed to save his best friend’s life. He had to remember that.
Until that is, Barnes opened his mouth again. “So. Stevie make a move yet?”
Steve walked to him, ready to withstand the scrutiny. Yet Tony turned his gaze to the kitchen instead, lingering on the dishes Steve had carefully washed and replaced.
Steve cleared his throat. “Okay, I’m listening.” At his words, the team subtly relaxed, to his dismay.
For half a breath, Steve’s feet refused to move. Then he was following Tony out of the room, was calling Tony’s name, was catching Tony’s arm to stop him stumbling into the walls, because that wasn’t laughing. Tony wasn’t laughing.
-” He broke off, unable to bear the thought of failure yet without any hope of success.
“He’s leaving a voicemail,” Friday informed him.
“Why did you show up here?” Tony demanded. “This is where I
“-temperature is slightly elevated, we need to-”
“-is not give up until we find it,” Steve finished, smiled, and Tony could have kissed him because sideways Steve got it, he believed him, he understood.
They spend a lot of time in bed, sleeping, eating, fucking. Tony shows him quiet happy movies. Aladdin. Steve laughs. Tony laughs. It’s almost enough. The wizard comes to visit, leaves Tony shaking, slow. Apparently there was at least one other way. Steve holds him safe. Tony decides. No more fighting. He’s done.
As it happened, Steve himself could physically sleep no more than four hours in a given day, but getting up early and disturbing Tony’s rest was not an option. At first he’d felt guilty for shirking his duty and requested a portable Wakandan device from which he could check a few things, but soon he’d found himself sleeping less and less and working more and more. After a scolding from Tony that included seventeen uses of the phrase ‘self-care’, Steve had agreed to set work aside and instead use the extra hour to relax and recharge. Twenty days after Tony’s return, he’d asked the Queen for a sketchbook and a holo-reel of Wakandan flowers; he looked forward now to the quiet dark of the mornings, drawing small delicate blossoms with Tony snoring softly at his side.
Flowers bloom across the sky, instant, then gone. The water reflects explosive colors, serene. Beauty, then nothing. Then beauty again.
It works, really well, and it hurts that it works so well, but Steve is used to that sting, is willing to pay that price anytime. He keeps talking, earnest and low, promising he will tell each of them exactly what he knows about their lives in that other future, but later, in private. Before they return to SHIELD, he asks Clint and Natasha not to bring Fury in for now, asks them to swear in Laura’s name. Clint is furious at the mention of his wife, but the tactic wins him a nod from Natasha. Steve doesn’t ask, but Thor gives him his oath anyway, awkwardly followed by Bruce. Tony puffs himself up to full outrage and declares he will say what he wants to whoever he wants.
But the Asgardian is frowning. “I do not know this place you speak of, Steve Rogers.”
Tony thought,
“I mean it’s fine, I’ll be fine, you don’t have to worry about me. Even if you can’t help me, don’t worry, I’ll be okay, Tony. Right now there’s Indonesia, Japan, Sumatra, it’s fine. I have it covered.” He shut his mouth with a snap, too late. Steve never ran the names out loud, not ever.
“I would say no,” Tony said. “But it’s kinda the usual. More so whenever he’s on edge.” He watched Shuri carefully. She’d been the last to talk to Steve before he’d gone full Lumber-Jack Torrance, so she probably knew more than he did about what was happening right now.
Tony, in contrast, seemed overwhelmed by the support, so Steve offered to take over logistics. Given the unofficial nature of their actions, they had to maintain the illusion of normality as far as possible, so Thor agreed that New Asgard would stage a celebratory feast on behalf of Earth’s great victory, starting immediately. By custom, such a feast lasted for days, and would both explain their absence from the Compound and give each of them a respectable alibi.
“Your bloodwork also shows that you are,” May picked up his chart again, “dehydrated, exhausted, borderline malnourished. Your pancreas and heart are overworked, your liver and kidneys are barely functional.”
It was a strange mix of novel and familiar, but after six weeks, this new routine felt soothing in a way Steve wasn’t sure he deserved.
“The kid you picked, with the blog. The one with the face.”
“Ohhh... Wow. She’s pretty,” Steve heard himself say. Maybe he was a lot foggy.
Steve winced, seemed to retreat further into himself. “I’m so sorry,” he blurted out. “If I scared you, before.” Steve brought his hand up to the scar on Tony’s shoulder, traced its permanent reminder of the worst day of his life. “Or ever. I really didn’t mean to… I never wanted to…”
Once outside, the shaking started. Steve continued downstairs anyway, gathering the rest of his clothes, then opened endless doors until he found a guest room with a working shower. Under the running water he thought he could cry, but instead he found himself staring blankly at the wall, his eyes following the pattern of the tiles, his fingers twitching at his side.
“…huh,” Tony said.
But Ty sounded annoyed. Tony must have woken him. “I wasn’t expecting you this early, Anthony. You should have called ahead.”
Ty’s smirk disappeared. “Don’t flatter yourself. Maybe I lost sight of my objective for a moment, but you and I both know what you are. Spoiled. Selfish. Defective. Who could
He was actually still awake when someone placed a blanket over him, but he hadn’t the energy to protest. Consequently he was so comfortable that he slept for a full thirty, long enough that when he woke, the plane was already descending. Tony tried to stretch the stiffness from his limbs without anyone noticing, looking around as he did. Not only was the plane beautifully designed, but like all Wakandan tech it was also fast, smooth and silent. His own jet seemed almost commercial in comparison.
And he didn’t deny it.
“He’s worried about you,” May countered, her voice sharpening. “I don’t think he ever expected the job at the Compound to mean never seeing you anymore. He thinks you’ll get in trouble without him.” She paused. “And maybe he’s right.”
Tony tensed; the satisfied note in Ty’s voice usually meant he had a
, Steve thought.
Tony was
Tony gave him a serious look, slightly misty-eyed. “Cap, wow. I mean, language.” Then he smirked, but somehow that made Steve panic because he had to help Tony, he had to protect him but he couldn’t tell if the other man believed him or whether Tony was just hiding his pain again and Steve had no way of
The serene blue curve of the planet before them filled every window in the
“The kid?” Rhodey stood up in dismay, but they were both staring at him.
12.15, Monday 2nd July 2018
“FRIDAY, location,” he heard Rhodey say over the roaring in his ears. He should have thought of that, but he couldn’t think, couldn’t breathe.
And Steve is again there to catch him, is there to ease him to the floor and hold him close as Tony shatters under the weight of grief too long deferred.
The plan had not changed much since the evening before, but for the sake of the newer faces in the room, each team’s leader would talk everyone through their preparations in full detail. Steve spoke about the preparations in New York, then sat so whoever was leading the Wakanda team could take the floor. Like everyone else, he’d assumed that would be Stark - old habits, Steve supposed - but when everyone looked to him, the billionaire was just staring at the floor. There was an awkward pause before Rhodey gently nudged him with an elbow.
“Tony,” Steve says, almost a plea, and closes the door. The other man jerks at the sound, wild-eyed and unsteady, and Steve feels sick when he realizes that Tony is drunk out of his mind.
A nameless fear flashed through him, taut and cold. He glanced back at Tony to find the other man staring at Helen, his face utterly blank.
“There are three Sanctums across the globe, New York is but one,” the Doctor told him curtly.
“But Barnes needed you,” Tony finished, the sharp edges of that awful week finally sliding into coherent alignment. He’d always pinpointed that conversation as the moment his Avengers dream had died; there in that room, he’d tasted victory within his grasp, had come so close to keeping Steve with him, to keeping their misfit family intact. Steve’s sudden recoil had felt personal, but Tony had never quite understood what he’d done to provoke the turnaround.
At his side, May grunted like she’d been gut-punched; Tony just peered up at the kid, a vague part of him screaming in protest but unable to find the words to match.
“I’ve got you, I’ve got you, I’m okay, you’re okay, Tony, it’s me, I’ve got you…” But it really was Steve’s voice in his ear, Steve’s arms holding him close, keeping him safe, Steve’s scent and breath and touch. The man he maybe loved, somehow, impossibly, returned.
They return to Wakanda, Tony, Bruce and Shuri working long hours to crack the formula. With T’Challa’s permission, Steve sits in the restored garden, peaceful amid the flowers. He watches the people work, summoning life and beauty from empty dirt. He wonders at their power, but they laugh and say life is born knowing how to live. So long as nothing gets in the way, time will do the rest.
“Happy anniversary,” the futurist says.
“Sorry, Cap,” Tony said, and painted a smile on his face before he turned around. “I guess the wizard forgot to mention a couple things.”
Yet the Mad Titan did not protest, only lowered his gaze. “Then, I can only beg for your help.”
“What do you remember?” he asks. Just in case.
Despite the nova of pain in his side, Tony knelt down to eye level, cutting off Rocket’s threats. “Hi, we haven’t officially met. I’m Tony Stark, billionaire, Avenger, fiancé, genius. And I’m also the man who’s going to save half the universe. Wanna help?”
Tony pasted a smile on his face. “Just some work knots in need of detangling, nothing that can’t wait.” He bounced past her to join the others, hoping in their company she’d let it go. And thankfully, she did.
Or not so impossibly, given what he could hear of Peter’s scrambled explanation, the kid chattering on and on about Strange and Thor and the Reality Stone. Tony knew, in a vague sort of way, that the rest of the team were still in the room, that he needed to pull himself together. But he couldn’t keep hold of the idea, couldn’t quite care about anything beyond the feel of Steve’s fingers combing through his hair, the steady beat of Steve’s pulse against his cheek. He’d once kept a list of so many reasons this could never work, the two of them, but right now he couldn’t think of a single one.
“That’s the one.” Tony sighed. “He should never have been on that ship. Anyway. We freed the wizard, then we could have headed home but… I thought it would be better to keep going. Keep the fight away from Earth, maybe get the jump on Thanos. It was my call. I just wish… Whatever, it’s done now.”
He nodded, and pushed open the door. A week ago he would have leaped at a chance to see Rogers solely to punch him in the teeth, and damn the consequences. Nothing like an apocalypse to gain some perspective. There was no time left for interpersonal drama, no room left for spite or vengeance. Now there was nothing left but the job.
Therefore he was just standing and watching when the next racking spasm of grief passed over Steve, who just bowed his head and made the world’s saddest whimper. Then he raked violent fingers along his face and began to weep in short, explosive gasps; Tony felt the universe tilt sideways, and then he was kneeling in front of Steve and pulling his hands away to where they could do no more damage, and Steve was looking, staring, reaching. “T-Tony?”
It was the one act he couldn’t explain. That almost felt fake, like it had happened to someone else. Steve had been desperate before, had made stupid impulsive decisions before. But the kiss… It just didn’t make
“I think… we have to let it in,” Steve said.
, far more tired than Steve remembers. Almost as tired as he’d been by the end.
why. I would have given him
Shuri rolled her eyes. “Like I’d need to be sneaky.”
Where exactly had Steve gone wrong?
Therefore when the NEO alert went off midway through the congratulatory speeches, triggering a melodramatic cascade of red lights and alarms ringing throughout the building, Tony’s first thought was that it had to be a prank. His second, that it was a glitch. The network would have picked up on an approaching ship long before it reached near-earth orbit.
Strange was already on his feet. His hands gestured, a golden portal opened, and Steve’s body floated up and through. With Wilson’s help, Tony followed, the other man shepherding him through the portal into what looked like a janitor’s closet. Another door brought them into a corridor bustling with familiar sounds and smells.
The look Steve gave him in response was almost helpless, and Tony realized with a vicious thrill that despite the slow pace he’d set, the other man was barely hanging onto his self-control. “Tony. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I just shouldn’t have- sorry.” He couldn’t seem to stop. “I’m sorry,” he repeated, again and again, and once more when the two nurses entered. They hastily injected Steve with something, and the rampaging pain diffused into a cloud of green sparks that floated away into an endless sky above him. There they are, Steve thought, pleased. His stars. They were cool and serene, strong and steady.
Privately, Tony hoped this would also buy him enough time to talk to Steve about… stuff. The super-soldier had clammed up and avoided him since Vormir, even spending last night alone, a rejection which hurt Tony more than he would have believed possible. But after his first awkward attempts to talk had been solidly rebuffed, he’d decided to give Steve space until things had settled down a bit. Hopefully he’d have figured out how to apologize by then.
That was all he had time to say, because next thing someone was pushing him aside, someone tall and blonde and-
“Exactly,” Stark crowed, giving Strange the glorious star-burst grin that Steve had once so cherished.
theory, actually, Bruce - is that Thanos will be erased in each timeline the second he claims two Infinity Stones. So if Loki had brought him both the scepter and the Tesseract, that would have actually solved our problem. Unfortunately-”
The stars cried out, terrified, the warning jolting him back into the room. “No,
In the end, they won.
“Queen of Wakanda,” he said softly, seriously, and the kid shut her eyes as if she had hoped to forget. Goddamn, he couldn’t not tell her either.
“And what did
The small room seemed enormous in the silence. Tony pulled off his sunglasses and sank onto a nearby couch, knuckling at his eyes. After the successful launch last week, he’d planned to catch up on his sleep, look strong and rested for the cameras. He’d spent every night instead staring at the ceiling stains in his tacky hotel room, trying not to think of the date, listing reasons to not break open the minibar. He’d somehow managed to stay sober despite the endless boredom, managed to stay alert despite the seeping exhaustion, until now. Halfway through the busiest day he’d had all year, and his body was beginning to crash.
“No needles in my punch-bag?” he asked, but he’d already made up his mind.
“Maybe since New York?” Steve said, then frowned as the others all groaned in frustration. “But I didn’t know what to call it, I’ve never fallen for a man before, I just… I knew he was important somehow, and being around him made me feel, I don’t know…”
Tony tried not to take it personally, and mostly succeeded. If anything, being doubted provoked his brain to sharpen up, just to be contrary. “Trust me, I know I’ve been off,” he replied, and truly met Steve’s gaze for the first time since Thanos’ death had scattered their hopes beyond recovery. “I’m so fucked up right now, Steve, I don’t know how I’m still breathing,” he confessed, then tilted his head towards Nebula. “But she was there for me, on Titan. I want to be there for her now. And… I don’t think she’ll accept help from anyone else. So it has to be me. But I can do this, Steve. I promise you. I can do this much.”
“I am not the first soul doomed to linger here as punishment for an unworthy life,” the faceless man began. “There have been many others such as me, throughout the years. All have perished, alone and unmourned. When I arrived here, I was given memories of all previous sacrifices, so that I may understand my terrible duty. Would it surprise you to know that never before has a sacrifice died willingly?”
- and was asking Tony for permission, was waiting until Tony made sense again and then-
Tony turned his warm sleepy gaze to the others. “Hey, what’s up?” he mumbled. Casually, as if they did this all the time.
However that brutal truth made him feel, it was better that he knew. Easier. Uncomplicated. And for two years, he’d poured his full attention into moving on. Had tried to be more responsible, towards his former team, towards the world. With his international fleet of legal teams, he had modified the worst of the Accords, shaping them towards a far more practical, efficient design. He’d reported to Ross, been civil to his face, mentored the kid behind the politician’s back. Breaking the rules, yeah, but
“Stark asked what I knew about the Soul Stone,” Doctor Strange answered. “Which unfortunately isn’t much. I don’t believe it has ever made its way to Earth.”
hated magic - but Strange had laughed and told him to just be glad that it did. Since Strange had no experience using the Reality Stone, it could have gone exceptionally wrong.
“Yes, Steve,” Tony whispered. “That can be enough.” He swallowed, brimming with indecision. “On one condition.”
Desperate beyond reason, Tony increased power to his repulsors to the max safe levels; he began to make slow progress through the resistance, but Steve was dying, so he increased them again, then again. Warning indicators were flashing everywhere on his visual display but he ignored them, his mind and heart focused only on reaching the super-soldier in time. The arc reactor was screaming now, and maybe he was too; when Steve fell silent, he channeled every scrap of energy into one last desperate burst of acceleration. Light flashed orange around him - the air itself catching fire - and instead of watching his nanobots flame to ash, he closed his eyes and prepared to die.
Nothing,
It was nothing Tony hadn’t thought before, so he was able to ignore the initial sting, accepting the real hurt would come later.
And so, gazing into Steve’s open blue eyes, Tony had agreed.
Maybe here, tucked away from necessity, Steve could just be… Steve.
Steve didn’t know how to explain his tears. He just knew that he was okay, that he was indescribably better than okay, that for the first time in years it felt like he’d found somewhere he belonged, and so he just closed his eyes and let himself be held. As the morning light seeped in around them, he heard Tony’s breath soften and slow towards sleep; heart shyly buoyant, Steve let his own exhaustion pull him under, smiling as he went.
“Even I find it hard to read you lately,” Natasha admitted. “You were always a closed book, but now it’s almost a blank page.”
After a few minutes, Tony sighed. “It’s a better plan,” he informed Steve, and yeah, that was Tony’s breath on his neck.
” The idea was so stupid, so
A portal opened in the freshly deserted room and Strange emerged, his cape set to full haughtiness. “I’m taking the Time Stone to Wakanda,” he announced curtly. “We must hope Thanos will focus his attack there, or he could destroy half the Earth.” He hesitated. “I promise I will see to your friend on my return.”
“Really? What’d she say?” Tony asked, curious. Peter’s fiancée was notoriously hard to impress.
, in a hopelessly final way, that whatever was happening to Tony, he’d done this. He’d caused this. The guilt felt oceanic, pulling him under. He wrapped an arm around the other man’s shoulder, trying to hold Tony upright as if it would keep them both from drowning.
“What? Why?” Steve demanded, his freewheeling emotions now accelerating towards worry.
, god, we’d lost
“Tony,” he whispered. “I’m sorry.”
?” Steve breathed, lowering his shield almost to the ground. Somehow Tony shook off his own surprise and stepped forward, nanobots ready to launch a defense.
Tony was the least sure of anything he’d ever been in his life. “Yeah, why not,” he said heavily. He was aware he must look pathetic, still hugging the small trashcan. Usually in these situations he’d try to look outrageously casual to compensate, but his face wasn’t cooperating right now, and, well.
“How long have you known?” Tony asked after a minute, still staring at his feet.
With a stab of relief, he saw it was Happy’s name on the screen, yet he found himself just staring at the phone, finger hovering over the answer button.
Steve found that idea infuriating, and judging from the expressions he saw around him, he was not the only one. “The only thing they needed saving from is you,” Clint hissed, and Steve saw his hands trembling with outrage.
“Why not?”
Something in his face made Tony stop and give him a searching look; Steve made himself smile. “That’s great, Tony. Really great.”
He sighed. It would be so much easier if Tony would just yell at him. At least then Steve would know what he was thinking. Right now, Tony was just a few feet away, eyes firmly closed, yet in the endless silence, he’d never felt more distant. Almost alien. Like Bucky on the bridge, no recognition in his eyes. Like Peggy. Here, but gone.
They walked outside the hut. Nebula closed her eyes and the Space Stone flared a searing blue, then just like that, Tony was looking at a portal to another planet. It appeared markedly different to the big-ass puff of blue smoke Thanos had vanished through, more like a blurry doorway ringed with blue fire, but when he mentioned the smoke Nebula just sniffed. “Sounds undignified.”
“Jesus, Ty, I’m sorry but I just
Tony. Stretched out on the bed, arms gesturing widely as he argued with the ceiling, “…which meant that when we were drafting the New Accords we could actually draw on the three laws as inspiration -” He too looked up. Saw. Stood.
May snorted softly, but she motioned to the door, then led him upstairs to the ICU. Doctor Palmer spotted them arriving and showed them to Steve’s room right at the end of the hall.
When Steve Rogers awoke, he found himself lying in a shallow pool so still it was like a mirror of stars, Vormir’s holy mountain a mere smudge on the horizon.
Beside him, Steve stood and the automatic hush fell. Good old Capsignal.
T’Challa smiled slightly. “I believe my people can find a way to help free you of this control. Although you should know, Stark believes the same of his people.”
They reached the day’s designated safe-room, currently guarded by two Dora Milaje. Inside, Shuri was draped over an armchair in a teenager’s spine-killing sprawl, restlessly flicking through music channels on the suite’s giant screen.
Tony gives a theatrically casual shrug. “According to Jarvis they all mean different things, so I figured getting some of everything would cover all your bases.”
“Well, I’d hate to miss the big moment,” he says before the grief rises in his throat, a kaleidoscope of moments lost, words unspoken.
Steve pushed aside the oxygen mask, as ever loathing the taste of canned air. As a kid, he’d been on the wrong end of medical creativity too many times to count. “What…?”
At their approach, Peter’s mask folded away. “Mr Stark, this is the coolest gift in the history of
Desperate to soak in every detail of this moment, Tony glanced up at Steve’s face as his fingers slid home; greedily he memorized the smooth slide of skin beneath his grip, Steve’s radiant expression, the tiny shocked gasp that fell from the other man’s mouth at his touch. Steve. Tony bent forward, kissing a line from Steve’s inner thigh all the way along his length, then opened his mouth and swallowed him down, pride cascading like sparks throughout his body as he heard Steve stutter his name in a hoarse, panting cry.
“Everything that day,” Tony continued slowly, “that whole week, it happened so fast, I didn’t really have time to think… I knew I would be breaking your heart, that’s still on me. But I had no idea I was breaking mine too.” He laughed, or maybe it was a sob, his downcast eyes bitter and beautiful. “Some fucking genius, huh? That night, I thought we might- it felt like the beginning of something real, something incredible, but I
Steve’s grip must have tightened because Ty moaned again. “I need you to understand what will happen to you if you make a move against Tony, or his company, or anyone connected to him. It won’t happen straight away. You might spend days thinking you have succeeded, believing you are safe. You will be wrong. No matter how well you plan, no matter who you buy, it will never be enough. There will come a day that feels just like all the others, right up until you find yourself on the floor, screaming. And despite all your riches, all your cleverness, there will be no one around to find you. Instead you’ll die alone, in agony. We’ll make sure of it.”
Once, her words would have shattered him, but Tony just nodded, vaguely numb. She took his hand, kind even in this, and he kissed her fingers, refusing to hide his regret. People called him a genius but it was Pepper who had challenged him more than vice-versa, whose insight and wisdom he relied on more than anyone knew. Keeping up with her had been exhilarating, sometimes infuriating. Here again, she was speaking a truth he wanted to resist, except… he could see what she was saying. Sometimes pain could be as shocking in its absence as its presence; somehow now, under the shock… he was okay.
Trapped, Tony fought to break free as Friday screamed a warning that there was no one left between Thanos and Strange, and the Doctor was distracted, his magic the only thing keeping a hovering bus from crushing the injured Wong.
It waited, eternal as the stars, until he said its name, and then it carried him home.
Yet it was all a fucking joke. They were too late. The threat was too vast, and Earth wasn’t ready. Thanos was coming; somehow those few words held more weight than the thousands Tony had spoken over the years, were more effective than any of his arguments. His pleas to prepare. Because he’d
“I’m pretty sure you are the manual in this scenario,” Steve said gently.
In the absence of necessity, he finally had the time to stop and think.
; Tony gave a soft whimper, yielded, and Steve felt stars dazzle behind his eyes, soaring throughout his soul.
As a plan, Tony thought it was good, made sense, was worth doing… except maybe for the utter overwhelming impossibility of them ever figuring out where in the universe Thanos had sent the Soul Stone so everything they tried was doomed and pointless and stupid because there was no hope left, he had failed, he had failed them all and Pepper was dead and Peter was dead and he hadn’t seen it coming, he should have seen it coming, he should have done more while there was still a chance because no matter where he looked for hope there was nothing now but a dead man’s laughter in his head.
Sometimes happiness means getting out of your own way.
Nobody was watching.
Pepper eyed him, her gaze somehow both sympathetic and merciless; Steve bit back a sudden rising panic, uncertain of its origin. Wrong.
“There's too much bleeding, they’re taking him straight up to surgery,” the tall man said crisply, but his hand on Tony’s shoulder was gentle. “Christine Palmer is the best trauma surgeon I’ve ever known. She’ll get him through this.”
His thoughts were snagging on each other, and he realized in a soft rolling way that he was getting sleepy. Magic healing. Takes it out of you, Barnes had said. Takes out the pain, takes out the injury. But leaves the absence, Tony thought. Leaves a wrong sort of nothing. Discarded memories. Ghosts and candlelight.
Gamora got to her feet, squaring her tiny shoulders, and stared at the Mad Titan, a thousand unspoken words passing between them. Then she reached out; Thanos took her hand gently, smiled. “Live free, little one,” he said softly.
Reluctantly, Tony slowed as they approached the soft golden meadows he and Rhodey had passed over a few weeks back on one of their evening flights. He parked the speeder and jumped down, grabbing the large bag of supplies he’d hastily packed. Steve was looking around at the stunning landscape, still pink-cheeked with pleasure. Thankfully semi-permanent inoculation against sun damage was part of Shuri’s magic bag of medical tricks, so they could both relax outdoors without fear of sunburn. Wakanda was full of such casual wonders.
“-and what did you mean, ‘catch up on the road’? Did you seriously think you could just up and leave me again-”
“Ah, dammit,” Tony muttered, then he was standing in a rush. “I, uh… Give me a minute.” He sounded so odd, but when Steve opened his eyes to apologize for the awkwardness, Tony had already left, the other room empty behind the glass.
funerals, Steve. I wanted to make it stop… but they said I had to let people pay their respects. Let them see me, too. They said… it would help. But it
Tony’s traitorous mind flashed back to a river - tight, wet - and he struggled not to blush. “I did
Steve squeezed his eyes shut against the shock on the others’ faces, their first awful glimmers of understanding. “It’s okay,” he murmured over and over into Tony’s hair. “It’s okay, I’ve got you.”
“I was planning my work for tomorrow, which demanded my total concentration,” Tony declared. He checked his watch. “For three point five hours. With my eyes closed.”
Contempt for the man’s pettiness broke the last of Tony’s restraint. “Oh, fuck off, I’m not doing this, you understand? Something is happening, something serious, and I have to do my
08:13, Monday 2nd July 2018
Without speaking, Tony surged forward, pouring himself into Steve’s warm embrace. As the other man held him tight, Tony’s mind slowly returned towards calm, towards reason.
There often came a single pivotal moment in a battle, an invisible tipping point where an inevitable chain of outcomes could be set in motion, the two sides pushed into adopting positions that would inexorably lead one to victory and one to defeat. Mostly this involved inspiring doubt in the other side, doubt that they could still win, doubt that there was any more reason to try. Quality of tactics and supplies would only go so far. Steve had always known that strength of purpose in the face of doubt could make the biggest difference.
Relieved smiles turned to applause which turned to cheers, the crowd rinsing themselves clear of the last traces of panic. Tony waited it out, every fiber of his body aching to leave but equally aware of his duty to project complete confidence. Hurrying would create doubt, which would inspire fear, and he suspected there would be plenty of that before long.
“He has an infection,” Tony said, the words tight in his throat. “And without the serum, his body can’t fight it.”
“But you figured I was still mad at you?” Steve guessed.
Tony couldn’t actually think of an argument, so he chucked the bag at the super-soldier and let him think he’d won.
is how you repay me-”
Tony squeezed his eyes closed. “Jesus, Steve, for once can you just-” He broke off, and Steve realized the other man was shaking.
Ignoring all the worried questions, Tony fled, needing to feel actual air on his face, needing to
She muttered something vile in Russian, then sighed. “You owe me.”
If Tony would just give him the chance…
“We do?” Tony asked, genuine surprise coloring his voice.
“But with the serum, he’d have a chance?” Peter asked eagerly.
May stepped up again, his smooth and professional friend. “We’ll keep you updated if anything changes, of course.”
Tony looked horrified, his anger evaporating instantly. “Steve? What can I do?”
Shuri gestured and the hologram changed to show two separate strands of DNA, one normal, and one dotted with the same purple radiance. “I was curious once, and my brother indulged me. This is his blood from the day before he first became the Panther, and this from the day after. You see the augmentation?”
“Your arm?”
He stepped aside to give them more space, pulling out his phone as an excuse to stay clear of the rest of the group, and was oddly heartened that he had exactly zero missed calls. No furious voice-mails, no scathing messages demanding his immediate attention. Tony tapped idly at the screen, welcoming the brief moment of peace despite the looming end of the world.
Tony tapped the blue glow on his chest. “I’ll be right behind you,” he said.
“Didn’t have to,” Steve echoed, studying the other man carefully. “Doesn’t mean you didn’t.”
about it?” Tony repeated, sounding scandalized, and Steve rushed to explain.
Something in Tiberius’ stance relaxed. “Those two? Seriously?”
“So’s patience,” Bucky shot back. He looked towards where Tony had gone, his mouth drawn tight. “And he’s had a shit day even by our standards, so maybe give the guy a break.”
“The hell was that?” Clint blurted out.
Yet the tall man was unimpressed by the display. “Oh, calm down,” he said briskly. “My name is Doctor Stephen Strange. And I’m here to help.”
“Could be shock,” he heard someone answer. Strange?
“Thank you,” was all he said. Rhodey said nothing but held out a hand and pulled him to his feet. Tony was amazed to discover he felt strong, standing. Even walking went well. Wakanda forever.
, Stark. How
But neither of them pulled away.
“Sleep well,” May told them all. When they had departed, she ordered a protesting Peter to the nearest couch and dropped a blanket over the sleepy teenager. The kid was snoring before she’d taken a single step away. She smiled down at him, then returned to where Tony stood by the door.
Steve took a breath, staring up at the ceiling as he gathered his thoughts. “Finding the Winter Soldier was Avengers business, but finding Bucky… That was for me. I didn’t want to stop, but I thought… I knew if I told you, you’d still help me look for him, but I thought, if you knew, watching me search for him might hurt you.” He shook his head, impatient. “Or, maybe it wouldn’t. Maybe hurting you was out of my reach, maybe nothing I did would matter to you… I didn’t know which would be worse. So I didn’t want to find out. And I kept telling myself, there would be time to explain after I found him, after he was safe, until eventually I just stopped thinking about it. Then, when I saw the video… I knew from the start it was a mistake, that I was making everything worse by being such a coward, but that day, when you looked at me… that’s when I realized it was too late, that I’d already lost you.”
“Always,” he says, or he tries to say, but the word turns itself into a cough, which is just rude. But not painful. He is empty of pain. Good. When Tony can see again, Rhodey is holding a glass of water. Another set of hands is helping him sit up. Bruce. Friend.
“We want to go back and stop him,” he said simply; Tony nodded beside him.
“Tony?” Steve heard himself ask, sometime later. “You still there?”
But what were his
And, too late, Tony realized he had no idea what to say.
“Do keep up,” she said, and it was so perfectly Peggy that Steve laughed for the first time in what felt like centuries, the Captain retreating in confusion. The Soul Stone smirked at him, then scrutinized the two of them. “I must apologize for the rough ride. Up until the end I doubted if I could get you both here safely, but you held fast. I’m so proud of you boys.”
The knock on the door almost went unnoticed. “Um, excuse me?” One of the nurses Steve had previously terrified poked his head around the door. “Sorry to interrupt, uh, Mr Stark? There’s somebody downstairs asking for you. Tiberius Stone?”
In February, he goes to Tony again. Partway up, Steve loses his temper. Screams at Tony to leave him, to go home. Tony stays, waits. It’s enough. Steve follows Tony home. A week later, Steve starts a garden. He plants seeds, makes sure nothing gets in their way. He waits. They bloom, color and life. Steve watches. He sees the kind face. He doesn’t lie. The second summer passes.
“Tony?” he murmured through the oxygen mask. “If you want to talk about him, I can listen.”
Tony tried to be responsible, tried to pay attention as the team described the battle.
Except ten seconds later, he still had no idea Tony was standing there.
“I love you,” Steve repeated, then he had to duck back under the mask, feeling like he might suffocate under the weight of his sudden, agonized hope.
The place is a disaster zone, but Tony talks the owner into serving them whatever food still looks intact, and it turns out shwarma is still pretty good cold, despite the weird taste of metal still in his mouth. Thor and a very subdued Bruce both get busy inhaling whatever’s in reach. When the spook twins arrive, they seem too tired to chitchat, so Tony has just enough time to begin freaking out over whatever just happened with the arc reactor-
Tony rested his forehead on Steve’s. “No more fighting.”
Steve surprises himself by laughing. “I guess there’s no standard arrangement for ‘sorry you died saving the universe’.”
“Stevie was in pieces after leaving you,” Barnes said after a pause, “but every time I brought it up he refused to talk about it, in that special stubborn Stevie way that means it’s important.” Slightly confused, Tony met his gaze, and the former assassin smirked, just a little. “Between you and me, I think he’s quite smitten.”
seek.” He raised his left hand, showing off the golden gauntlet he wore. The three Stones he had already collected. Red, purple and… blue.
“Wait- Steve? What… what are you talking about?” Tony’s voice rang harsh with fear; Steve regretted ever speaking a word, ever waking, ever trying, broken
“Don’t
Tony’s mouth tasted gross, a weird mix of marmalade and earwax. “No wonder Vision never had an appetite,” Tony muttered. He opened his eyes, squinting.
Steve tapped at his own phone, then nodded. “Primary is a go.”
, Stark-”
“And is this particular creator… doing that?” Tony asked.
, I can’t let you do that-”
my next planned project will be much longer, kinda designed more like a tv show with seasons, kinda a super-queer Avengers rockband AU-but-not-really. idk. anyways it's called the DNR series, link in my profile, first teaser is already up and the first season is nearly ready to post, so if you want to follow that along, please feel free.
Spider-Man was visibly shaking, and Steve’s shame threatened to buckle his knees. No kid should see adults fight like that. He would have apologized, but by the time his mouth decided to work, Stark had already taken the kid by the arm and gently pulled him away, murmuring comforting words as they walked.
She smirked over at him, then nudged the remaining half closer towards him. “Truce?”
May turned to Peter. “Actually, sweetie, I’m getting a headache, can you go grab me a coffee? Hazelnut milk, if they have it.” Once the kid had left them alone, she eyed Tony up and down. “Tony, you have a serious concussion.”
Right, the plan. Tony remembered. Shuri, Bruce and Thor were heading back to Earth. There, the Queen would use the Gauntlet’s design to create transport devices for the remaining Infinity Stones, to bring them to Earth for safekeeping. Once Thor was safely off-world, Nebula was going to use the intact Gauntlet to wield the Space Stone. Thanos had found the Soul Stone on a planet called Vormir, and the android had argued there may be some useful information there; maybe they could even find a way to track the missing Stone. Privately, Tony suspected Nebula just wanted to pay her respects to her sister, but he didn’t want to rain on everyone’s optimism parade. The new Gauntlet should be able to handle a single Stone without difficulty, but just in case, Rocket was gonna pile the rest of the team into the
Across the room, Tony had stopped on the last step, staring. Probably seeing what Zemo had seen. The weaknesses. The failures.
Which added another name to his list, he was surprised to find. Apparently forgiveness was a sneaky beast. Too late to change anything now. “Take me to him.”
Steve Rogers, drama queen, wrinkled his nose and grandly addressed a nearby tree. “How did that make no sense, but also completely make sense? Do you know? Because I don’t know.” But a moment later, he dropped the act and tilted the sketchbook towards Tony. “Anyway. Thanks.”
“Sorry,” Steve said, and waited.
“How can you possibly know that?” Rhodey asked, his eyes pleading.
Steve raised his voice. “-
“Anthony chose it himself,” Ty said. “And believe me, I tried
So simple. So much. “Yeah,” Tony said.
Tony threw himself back in his chair and pouted. “It was all just so red before.”
“I wanted to apologize, a few months in,” Tony said softly. “I was going to tell you everything.”
Took another bite.
“That’s okay too,” Tony said, swallowing around a sudden lump in his throat. “We’ve already established no more fighting. That’s a start.”
“Honey, I’m home! Can you open the gate?”
Steve grabbed his hands still. “I’ve never done this before,” he blurted out.
, he guessed, just as a tall man in a red cape stepped through, accompanied by a short man dressed like a monk.
Except on the rare occasions he was physically needed abroad, at lunch Steve would bring Tony food and another round of coffee, a trick which made the billionaire take a break for at least ten minutes, and Steve soon learned ways to steer him outside to get some fresh air at the same time. Often, if Tony was in full flow when he arrived, Steve got to hear his internal monologue out loud. It was as incomprehensible as ever - he still didn’t get what a ‘quantum’ was - but he never tired of listening to the billionaire’s quick chatter, enjoying the peek into Tony’s unfiltered mind.
The lyrics made Tony smile; leaning his head on Steve’s shoulder, he relaxed into a sweet, wandering happiness, imagining with a soft thrill the
“Our minds?” Tony asked.
And even that broke Tony’s heart, in its restraint. Fuck caution. “No, Steve. I already
Stark stepped back, dark eyes stunned wide, but for once Steve pushed his advantage, stepping forward so Stark was forced to keep retreating. “Was it just too much fun for you to resist, giving him all these responsibilities he’s not ready to handle, then vanishing for months so whenever you bothered to come back you knew he’d be grateful for the tiniest scraps of your attention? But hey, that’s the trademark Tony Stark experience, right? Like that’s your
…given the chance to go back to Barnes, would he even care?
Of course, Tony would have already figured it out, would have seen instantly Steve’s cowardly part in this betrayal, but here he was, almost calm, giving Steve a chance to explain. Asking Steve for a way out of this.
“That bad, huh?” Rhodey asked in a hushed voice.
, Steve thought numbly.
“Right,” Tony agreed. He sat up, hesitantly meeting Steve’s gaze. “I can’t… say what you said, Steve, I- I’m not there yet, or maybe I’m just not capable anymore, I don’t know. But what I can say is that I’m sorry. And if I could take it back, I would.”
Caught right on the edge of overwhelmed, Tony found he had to break away for breath, had to turn his head to evade Steve’s feverish kisses, but even then he found no pause, no relief. Instead, he felt the universe tilt sideways again in one inexorable slide, as if he had slipped once more beyond some irresistible precipice, but cast out from familiar perspective, Tony couldn’t put a name to what he was feeling, terror or joy; couldn’t decide whether he wanted to cry or laugh; was torn between wanting this moment to last forever and thinking he might die if he didn’t stop everything right now because how could he let himself have this when he couldn’t possibly survive losing it. Almost, it was too much; almost, he pulled away.
“Of course, kiddo,” Tony said. “You’re due in around two?”
“Yeah, Thor’s making it out to be the party of the century, I figured you might want to make an appearance.” Tony let his voice crack slightly, as if in sudden doubt. “I didn’t make any commitments, though. I know I’ve been away a lot lately, so if you want us to stay home, that’s fine too.” Fat chance; Tony knew the tycoon would never reject such an exclusive invitation.
When the sun was fully gone, he sat and watched the dark.
Thanos bared his teeth back at him, arrogant to the end. “My success… outweighs all possible failures…”
Chastened, Steve stowed his shield and took the co-pilot’s seat, and Tony sent the Quinjet soaring into the air.
If ships could limp, this one would be hobbling, Tony thought as the Benatar tilted towards the landing zone. He could see figures spilling out of a nearby building, but he didn’t dare let himself look at their faces. Not yet. Nebula was frowning beside him, her concentration fully locked on fighting the ship into a sensible landing, and without her, he would have died on Titan with everyone else. Tony owed her these last moments of support.
“Just answer the goddamn question, Rogers,” Tony said, but there was no heat in it, only exhaustion.
“Eh, paperwork. So boring,” Tony said breezily, slouching in his chair. “Don’t pout, Cap. I’m fine.” He was almost convincing, even to Steve.
, Steve realized. He took a breath, heard a faint rattle in his lungs. “They took her away, so maybe…”
“Wizards don’t count.”
“But it’s more than that,” Nat said, frowning over in Steve’s direction. “He’s brushing off everything we say unless it’s about the mission.”
Steve’s awareness had been building towards the evening all day, anticipation now tingling throughout his entire body, a languid expectation born of knowing exactly what was to come later. The tallest hill over the lake. Sunset on the water. He knew because they did much the same thing every year. Once, he’d believed that traditions belonged only to the past, weapons of the restless dead that linked rigid unforgiving claws into all that may be. Now, Steve saw them as beacons within an uncertain future, familiar landmarks meant to help the living negotiate a compassionate path between holding on and letting go; a contract eternally evolving, to be willingly renewed.
The other man was avoiding his gaze. “I… What if I don’t know, Tony?” he asked, defeat and shame and something worse in his voice.
The Queen returned his gaze, serene. “Then this conversation ends, and we never speak of it again.”
for team work,
After a fearsome and lengthy battle on the outskirts of Wakanda, Thanos was at last decapitated by Thor, his army fleeing into full retreat. Doctor Strange, War Machine and Spider-Man immediately returned by portal to New York, arriving right on the stroke of midnight.
“I know, Steve,” the other man said simply, defeat and something worse in his voice. That… made no sense. That couldn’t make sense, it didn’t-
Yet even nature decreed that some lives could thrive on annihilation, on tragedies; on terrible cracks in the peaceful order of things. Like a rare flower long deprived of sunlight suddenly blooming in the devastation left after a forest fire. It wouldn’t last. He knew it couldn’t last.
The post-battle crash was hitting the team harder than Steve had ever seen. He supposed that was to be expected, given everything.
, you will
The real Steve could make any room look small. He made gravity itself seem optional. The real Steve would never allow himself to be so… diminished…
Her sharp eyes had already caught his peeking, so Tony cleared his throat awkwardly. “Uh, hi.”
White.
Yet there was no one left to hear.
The Mad Titan sucked in another breath with difficulty. “I’m… sorry… I… let you live…”
With renewed enthusiasm, they made short work of shedding their clothes. Steve found to his horror that Tony’s whole body was overlaid with mottled bruising, proof the past week had not been just a bad dream; he pressed his lips to every bitter mark he could find, heart aching in silent apology.
…okay, maybe he could forgive a few jitters.
. When Starlord comes round, he thinks Steve is trying to steal his ship and attacks. Steve lets him take the Power Stone and watches him leave, sick with hope that this future might go better for someone, somewhere.
“We’ve gone through every option,” she said, her eyes full with bitter understanding. “Tested every possibility. Dr Lewis and Dr Palmer are still searching for anything that may help. But medical interventions can only help the immune system, not replace it entirely. I’m so sorry, Steve. We can keep you comfortable, but… there’s nothing more we can do.”
“Yep,” Peter said.
“Bruce called Steve, who called me,” Rhodey said. “Wanda and Vision were in Scotland, the others got them out but not before Vision was injured. Some sort of energy disruption, he couldn’t heal himself, took him out of the game. He suggested destroying the Mind Stone right away, but Steve said no, got us to Wakanda instead. Shuri tried rewiring Vision so we could take out the Stone without killing him, but next thing an alien army was on our doorstep. Thor showed up with some friends, helped even the score but it was still heading south. In the end, we ran out of time.”
“Daddy, fly!” Sarah demanded, imperious as ever. Without skipping a beat, Tony stood, scooped her up and started spinning her around horizontally, now making zoomy airplane noises. James, a reserved child despite the keen Stark sparkle in his eyes, tugged on Nat’s sleeve and whispered in her ear. She nodded, then knelt so he could clamber onto her back, then the two took off chasing an equally squealing Tony and Sarah around the room, Steve on the couch a lone oasis amid the chaos.
Steve swallowed, his mouth dry. He hadn’t thought… “I’m sorry. That must have been… I’m sorry.”
“We lost,” he said.
It felt like hours before Tony was able to open his eyes again, but the clock on the dashboard claimed only minutes had passed. Steve was still holding him tight; the sensation filled him with a rising warmth that helped steady his trembling limbs.
that?” Steve demanded, turning to him. Pleading. “Tony…”
From the set of his shoulders to the clench of his jaw, Steve was radiating upset all the way across the camp, and Tony stifled the urge to drop everything and rush over. It was his turn to wash the day’s dishes - a job that required a full decontamination procedure here in this alien biosphere, just in case - and Steve would be the first to scold him for not finishing his share of the chores. Tony let himself hurry, but by the time the last dish was through the steamer and properly stowed, the super-soldier was busy chopping firewood, which was Steve for “my muscles need to yell now”. There was an upside to this being Steve’s favorite coping mechanism, as the nights on this particular continent got bitterly cold; despite the apparent absence of any defensive surveillance from Thanos, they were trying to keep their use of tech to a minimum, but everyone agreed a good old-fashioned campfire would pose little risk of detection. If every campsite in the past eight weeks had had a woodpile that tended towards excessive, then no one was about to complain.
Instead, Nat was grinning at him from a nearby armchair. “You looked like you were about to nap,” she said.
He hoped.
At his name, Steve automatically looked down at the sleeping man, the sight bringing an easy smile to his face. “That’s the hope,” he said.
Tony hesitated. “I’m not sure. But I promise I’ll try.”
,” he managed to say, barely recognizing the thready voice as his own; as if he’d been waiting for Tony to ask, the other man swooped in and pressed hard searing kisses against his stomach, his hipbone, the inside of his thigh. Then- oh sweet holy god in heaven- his cock was in Steve’s mouth and Tony was gone again, was infinite, was fire and life in a thousand directions, but this time he wasn’t lost, wasn’t dying, because every road was leading him back home to Steve’s heat. Steve’s
And even if Tony
“I thought you knew
“Don’t manage me, Stark,” Steve spat out. “What’s really going on?”
FRIDAY speaks. Approach, space. Alert. The Queen stands firm, demands. Response. The Captain listens. The ship is damaged, injuries, problems. The Captain hears. The team hears. The Queen hears. Bad joke. Inappropriate. The Captain sighs. The team cheers. The Captain leaves the room. The team leaves the room. The team goes to the ship. The Captain goes to the room, to the place he stares at the ceiling.
“Well, you were right,” Tony managed to say eventually. “As stories go, that sucks.”
, Tony’s mind pronounced this- and stumbled them both towards the bed. Tony seized the opportunity to trail kisses down his neck, eliciting all kinds of breathy groans. Distracted, Steve dropped Tony haphazardly onto the bed before collapsing atop him; Tony twisted beneath him, yanking up the other man’s shirt, pressing his lips to whatever skin he could reach. “
Instead he opened his eyes, looked to Steve, saw; and there in Steve he found a universe that had been right side up all along, found a math that finally, miraculously, ran true; only then arrived the name for what he was feeling; then, heart and mind, he knew.
Tony grinned. “Have at it.”
Back to his real life.
“You’ve been in and out for the past few hours,” Helen told him, gently pressing a full oxygen mask over his face. She waited until his coughing fully eased, then pressed her gloved hands across his chest briefly, just above his surgical dressings. “Any pain here?” When he shook his head, she smiled. “Good. So, Steve, I have good news and bad news for you. The bad news is that a couple of the medications you were on, specifically the painkillers, were making it very difficult for you to breathe. The extra stress on your lungs was then aggravating your other injuries which in turn made your breathing worse. Dr Palmer and I had to get a bit creative to try and break the loop.”
She sighed, moving to the end of the bed and picking up his chart. “And he meant every word, I’m sure,” she said. “Right up until he didn’t.”
Yet Nebula was striding forward to confront him, her Gauntlet raised and glowing. “My sister Gamora came with him. Is she here?” The hope in her voice was almost too much to bear. “
that I can’t make fit. Because I hate being left behind. I hate what it takes to love someone who would leave me behind.”
. Steve took point as they’d agreed, leading Tony up the steps and through the massive doors. Inside, the house was deathly silent, the walls seeming to shrink oddly at the edges of his vision.
The one silver lining of the whole mess was that Tony could at last understand where he had gone so desperately wrong. Steve would move heaven and earth for his friends, as demonstrated by the Barnes saga, but he wouldn’t so much as stop and hear Tony out; ergo, Steve had never been his friend.
Steve saw Natasha shrug. “He’s always kept odd hours,” she said. “Still gets the job done, so clearly it works for him.”
“Yes,” Steve said, breathless.
No, Tony thought. He would have picked her over anyone.
“Don’t worry about it, Tony. It’s not your problem.”
“Got something,” he announced, and the others joined him.
There, time passed oddly, everything seeming to jumble together out of sequence. In a kaleidoscope of fractured moments, Steve talked to Tony, then to Peggy; he watched Sam and Tony glare at each other. Then Sam was at the window alone, looking worried, but somewhere in between the pain woke, obliterating him again; Steve felt his mind turn inside out, heard himself screaming, and then Tony was back behind the glass and promising he wouldn’t leave again but Steve couldn’t
Tony glared at him and flounced away, as Steve probably should have expected. He hurried to catch up, falling into step with Tony so they approached Thanos together.
“Your call, Cap,” Tony said softly.
Steve swayed on his feet. It was the room and Tony was there. Just like last time.
that Tony might have cried were it not for the catastrophic emergency that had been initiated by Steve not moving anymore that left Tony thinking he might genuinely expire in the next ten seconds.
“Wait, are you… you’re the Soul Stone?” Tony asked, still sounding a bit dazed.
“I never meant to- to freeze you out, Tony,” he said, selecting his words carefully. “I thought you stayed away because you didn’t want to work with me. I only accepted it because I thought it was your choice. But I give you my word, none of us want you off the team. If anything, it’s the opposite.” He hesitated. “We miss you.”
The maimed ship tried to spin away one last time, but a snarl from Nebula saw it dropping instead to the Earth with an unholy clanking noise. Tony thought he might be feeling relief, but it was currently manifesting as light-headedness in a way that was really annoying, so he tried to ignore it and get out of his flight chair without needing help. He had lost significant amounts of blood on Titan before Nebula had finished patching him up, and apparently the half of Star-Lord that was human was not the digestive half because the rations they’d found onboard would have given toxic goop a bad name. The hunger was getting to Tony more than anything. A few times, in his dizzier moments, he’d even caught Nebula looking at him with a scowling sort of concern, but he knew a few square meals and a good night’s sleep would be enough to have him back on his feet. Would have to be enough. Too much work to do.
, he thought. They’d spent every day with Steve, these past two years. Huddled between Bruce and Rhodey, Tony sat trapped in a furious numbness at the idea that anyone else could have so much more to mourn.
The super-soldier paused. “What were you thinking?”
The super-soldier was awake and lying across from him, less than a foot away. He looked different lying down. Younger, maybe. Or perhaps it was the beard. Too sleep-fogged to resist, Tony reached out and ran his fingers through the scruff. Steve closed his eyes at the playful contact, opened them, smiled. Somehow this felt easy. Natural.
An unearthly keen beyond words erupted from the super-soldier, still fighting, blue eyes twisted dark with pain. Sorry. So sorry. But he understood now.
When Dr Palmer returned, she pointed him towards the window to the empty room next door where Tony would soon appear. Steve tried his best to keep watch, but eventually, dazed and lonely, his mind drifted away to a nameless place even the stars could not reach.
“Did he…?” With effort, Tony managed to close his hanging jaw. “I think
A low ping in Tony’s ear nearly made him leap out of his skin. “Analysis complete, boss,” Friday said. Of course, the mission.
“You were a fool to pursue me, Stark, after I spared your life once,” Thanos snarled, taking a few menacing steps towards them. “But fear not; this time I will give you a noble death.”
“Steve, please,” Nat called. “Not like this.”
But his help wasn’t welcome anymore.
He felt a hand on his shoulder. “I’m so sorry, Tones,” Rhodey said.
,” Thor is roaring nearby, then the Asgardian is blinking in surprise at Thanos slumped dead around his ax. “What-?” he asks, and turns as Steve laughs harder, unable to contain his relief, his joy.
“Shit, is he okay?” Tony heard someone say. Wilson?
“We’re going to need a bed,” Steve announced, and waited.
“Well, to put it in terms your mortal mind might comprehend,” the Stone said bitingly, “we took you on a nice high-speed tour through the marvels of cosmic existence, and halfway through, you decided to fling yourself out the window. How in high heaven did you find your way back?”
you.”
That ache would never truly go away. “She’s living in LA with her husband,” Tony said.
“Sorry,” Steve manages to say.
set his teeth on edge.
“And how are you, Mr Stark?” Dr Lewis said, extending his smile towards the window. “Arm doing okay?”
“Did you know?”
He gently pulled Steve’s head up, waiting until the other man could meet his eyes. “Always ask, Steve. Please. Whatever you have to say, I promise I will always want to know.” No more hidden variables; no more isolated solutions.
Steve’s body was seized in another round of punishing chills, his teeth chattering. “B-but I c-can’t,” he mumbled. “Can’t w-wake up until it’s m-morning.”
“Stark?” Thanos asked, incredulous. His hands were bare of any Gauntlet, as were his and Tony’s. Hidden again, or this time truly gone, Steve didn’t know. The Captain murmured discontent at their lack of defenses, but issued no commands.
magic.”
fears and
,” Steve hissed, nearly gagging from the pain.
,” and for some reason Tony was weeping, saying that he was sorry, that he didn’t know, over and over. Steve didn’t really understand what was happening but Tony was upset so he tried to fix it, rattling off the active names for back home - Hawaii, Guatemala - but that just made Tony sob harder.
The mission is supposed to be simple, so of course, it quickly turns into a shitshow. The villain du jour has invented a device that Jarvis identifies as a terror beam. The neurological effects are bad enough to drop Nat where she stands, but downright catastrophic when Bruce gets hit next. The rest of the team are diverted to stopping the Hulk’s rampage while Tony and Steve close out the mission.
Tony shot him a dirty look and continued to perform a sulk. Standing beside Steve, Thor cleared his throat. “How long until we reach the surface?”
“I thought you hated me,” Tony admitted.
The archer emerged from the trees nearby, and Tony paused, his instincts still at full alert. All of their previous expeditions had ended in frustration, disappointment. This energy felt different, confirmed when Barton almost smiled. Holy shit. “We found him, Tony,” Barton said.
But if Tony thought Steve had stayed quiet only to make Tony look bad…
The sweetness of the gesture sent a bright feeling rising up through Steve, an effervescent wonder bursting and settling over him all at once.
“Anthony?”
Taking comfort in childhood rhythms, Steve smacked the other man lightly on the ribs. “Sympathy is free, you know.”
Later, much later, the debt had come due.
“Thanos?” Tony asked. Rhodey nodded.
“So, this has been delightful,” the other man said, serious but gentle. “But I don’t want to rush into anything that you might regret later. So you gotta tell me what you want here, Steve.” There was more than a hint of command in his voice, but his eyes were kind.
He swallowed.
Tony shot him a puzzled glance. “What? I’m fine, why?”
, Steve thought.
He could feel his cheeks heat up, but Steve shook his head. “Not anyone.”
- and he makes his decision, knowing fully what it means. Accepting the cost. He springs to his feet, scattering the faces but unable to care, his whole being seized with new incandescent purpose. He strides to Pym’s laboratory, locking out the raised voices scrambling in his wake, and takes what he needs.
So naturally, instead, he’d had to spend an additional eight hours fielding panicked queries from jittery squad leads who apparently had skipped their Ready-Brek and now “just wanted to be sure” that one plus one still equaled two. Amateurs. You’d think they’d never built a space station before.
The other man’s hands were shaking. “It’s not that simple, Cap, it’s not- I can’t-” He eyed the door as if he was about to run.
May quickly recovered her usual equilibrium, but now he could see the seams of what was a hard-fought, constructed acceptance. “Neither of us can stop him, Tony,” she told him, her gaze piercing. “But with your help, Peter is safer than he would be alone. So please, just keep doing what you can, where you can. That’s all I ask. That’s all either of us can do.”
The raccoon shrugged as his paws danced over various keyboards. “Depends on what’s waiting for us. If there’s no shield and no interception, I reckon twenty minutes.”
Tony shrugged, his shoulders locked into a miserable hunch. “Sorry.”
Tony closed his eyes, wishing for a different answer. “No.”
Tony nodded again and scrambled to his feet. Steve followed, uneasy at there being even a slight distance between them, yet once they were both standing, he found himself hesitating, unsure of what the next appropriate contact would be.
At Schmidt’s words, Steve felt a rush of strange ecstasy; the Soul Stone at his feet flashed a warm orange, then rose out of the water to hover before the faceless man. Schmidt held out his hands, addressing the Stone with a holy reverence. “All these years, I believed you to be my jailer. But what a gift you gave me; at long last, I understand.”
Schmidt stood tall, spread his arms wide. “
being the one left behind.
“You’re making it sound like I have a choice, he’s a part of the team-”
. But there’s no guarantee it would work out so well with anyone else. Howard told me once that Erskine’s greatest accomplishment wasn’t his mysterious formula. It was that he chose the best person possible for the job. And after meeting you, I agreed.”
After he woke, Steve had made a bargain with himself that he was allowed to lie about the ice so long as he managed to leave it behind; besides, he really didn’t want to explain to the kind faces how his mind had stayed awake even through the first wave of freezing, shattering over and over, until something broke and his awareness plunged down a layer to a place beyond words, only pain. Even then, he wasn’t sure he fully stopped
As far as Steve could tell, the only people who knew about Siberia were those who’d been there. In all their dealings since, T’Challa had never mentioned it. Bucky would have known to be discreet, and Zemo was locked away, probably delighted at how well his plan had succeeded. At first, Steve hadn’t said anything because he’d figured Tony would want to disclose Steve’s betrayal himself. As time went by and no one, not even Rhodey, seemed to know, Steve had felt increasingly guilty, but if Tony truly didn’t want to talk about it, Steve had to respect his decision.
Tony closed his eyes, breathing in her sadness. Wondering at her strength. “More than you have been?”
“I just… I really hate hospitals,” Steve covered hastily, feeling the hot rash of humiliation sear his cheeks; he clenched a fist by his side, unseen. “Could you just- Would you mind staying a bit longer?”
The second winter passes, and disaster strikes; Clint’s family. Nat calls, voice trembling. Kidnapped. They go. Steve fights, Tony rescues, and it’s not so bad, not until Steve gets home and the shaking starts. Tony holds him safe, and it’s not so bad. He wakes early and goes to the garden, digs his fingers into empty earth. Life will grow. Tony appears, shivering. California chill. Steve teases. Tony complains. They go back to bed.
“Where are we?” Steve asked.
So naturally, nothing happened. They landed safely on the surface without detection, Nebula dropping the ship to the ground without even a bump, and the absence of interference did nothing to ease Steve’s nerves.
From somewhere above, Steve muttered something breathlessly unintelligible that may have included his name; then the other man sped up, helplessly thrusting in needy little jerks that deepened until Tony was left gasping for air, reeling for balance because the world no longer included up or down, left or right, back or forward; only Steve and not-Steve; only Tony, lost, and Tony, found. With a merciless groan Steve came, hard and fast, fingers clenched tight in Tony’s hair with just the right amount of carelessness, just on the right side of rough.
Yet the harsh line of Tony’s mouth only tightened, and Steve realized the other man had expected more of a fight. Tony stabbed his fork at his uneaten food, his face still eerily blank.
Tony found himself grinning, and he slung his arm over his best friend’s shoulders, enjoying the insane reality that meant he still got to do that and ignoring the sharp pull the gesture made on his alien-stitched wounds. “A wizard told me,” and Tony laughed for a second time in six days at the expression on Rhodey’s face, because there he could see the usual exasperation mixed with love but he also saw the beginnings of hope. The same fragile hope that now shone from the faces of Nat and Clint and Bruce. Even Nebula.
As Thor explained the recent happenings in space, all the talk of prophecies and Infinity Stones and interplanetary genocide made the Accords conflict seem so unbelievably petty in comparison. Tony tried to listen carefully, his mind reeling, but as the scale of the threat facing them became clear, he felt a wave of hopelessness so pure that he couldn’t speak. His silence didn’t go unnoticed, judging by the glances he could feel from the others. Especially Bruce. But thankfully no one pressed him to contribute.
“Stevie, I believe that’s what the kids call a committed relationship,” Bucky said, clearly trying to bite back a grin.
“She shouldn’t be alone. Not… there.”
The isolation room was anonymous and dull, all ugly lines and blank gray surfaces. Transferred to a steel gurney, Steve made himself hold still as the four nurses cheerfully but thoroughly wiped him down with some foul-smelling liquid. After, they moved him to the new bed and hooked him up to the new machines. As they worked around him, Steve counted down the minutes by the beeps of his new machines, the sedation remixing his fear into a whirling drowsiness.
“There was nothing wrong with you,” Tony said sharply. Probably he meant well, but the dismissal stung.
, Tony thought, dazed with a sudden rush of certainty.
Tears filled Steve’s eyes at the price Tony was paying. The sacrifice he was making for Steve’s sake. “If you want to go, Tony, you should go. Don’t worry about me, I’ll be fine.”
“Saline and electrolytes, mostly.” May glanced over at him, eyes inscrutable. “How bad was today, really?”
Even at his most useless, Steve couldn’t remember ever feeling this weak, this foolish. “Tony, I- I’m sorry, I don’t know why I did that, I didn’t mean to-”
“It might just be a coincidence, but I think it’s worth exploring. I may invite Heimdall for tea, once the Asgardians are settled,” the Doctor said.
The ice promised.
“You stayed,” Steve said in wonder.
Bruce looked a tad skeptical, but Tony nodded. “No objections here.”
Steve could see, and he
Steve cleared his throat gently. “I can still go in alone,” he offered. “He hates me, it should be enough of a distraction.”
In the harsh blue light, the ghastly features of the man before them was a nightmare made flesh, but behind that first aesthetic shock lay another, of something far worse. Recognition. And Tony was not the only one.
Ambushed, Tony tried for nonchalance. “Oh, yeah. No big deal.”
She lays a hand on his arm - Mjolnir trembles - and Steve’s world dissolves into a cathedral of light, each rainbow thread shading into the next in an endlessly shifting tapestry.
- Steve had taken him deep once more, heat and stars, everything, everything, while Steve’s hand was sliding under Tony, eager fingers seeking, and just that first brush of contact against his asshole had Tony punching at the mattress because what the fuck else had he been doing with his life and yes, he begged, Steve, more, that, pleaseplease
. This might be the best thing that has ever happened to me. Ned says it’s
Without breaking eye contact, Tony slowly stripped off his double layer of gloves. The isolation room was designed to keep a pleasant temperature but the air felt cool on his newly bared skin, the contrast sharpening his focus. Steve’s eyes followed his every move, rapt and ravenous, as every inch of Tony’s awareness narrowed down to this one simple gesture. Just one yearning, wordless act.
“Sounds good,” he said. “Thanks for the coffee.”
“Why?” Ty asked; his face instantly darkened with rage. “Ask
“Have you been loitering in here all day?” T’Challa asked, disapproving. “A great moment of history is happening just outside your door.”
Halfway out of his chair, Tony froze, an indecipherable emotion flickering across his face.
“I bet they really impressed you, huh genius?”
Fresh shame thrilled through Steve’s body as Bucky swung around to stare at Tony, open-mouthed.
Really.
Tony opened his mouth, closed it again, nodded. And it was that simple. Steve opened his arms and the billionaire buried his face in Steve’s shoulder. Funny. The super-soldier had shaved off his beard before the global broadcast six weeks ago; better to present a more familiar sight to the traumatized citizens of the world, Tony had said. Steve had kept up shaving since, figuring the illusion of calm might help steady the people he spoke with every day. Tony had turned up to the broadcast with his trademark goatee and styled hair, then, as soon as the cameras stopped rolling, promptly let it all slide. Steve rather approved of the rougher look, but had brought the billionaire a razor once his beard threatened to reach full lumberjack. Just in case of future public events. Tony had laughed and restored the goatee but left his hair wild. And as it turned out, a standing Tony was just tall enough for his untamed curls to tickle underneath Steve’s chin. Details.
Steve’s mind hushed to silence at his touch. Wordless, he stared up at the other man, unable to move until Tony brushed a thumb over his lips; Steve gasped, his breath hitching as if in pain.
“Christine!” Strange bellowed, marching straight through the center of the room. A blonde woman in medical scrubs swung around, prepared to be annoyed. Her eyes widened when she saw them, and she immediately dove into action, rushing over to Steve’s side.
“Fight it, Steve,” Tony said urgently, his face suddenly close, pure panic in his eyes. “Please. You have to resist, you have to… you gotta keep fighting, okay? When Strange comes back, he’s going to help you. Trust me, there’s a whole plan in the works, I promise we are going to save you. I just need you to hold on a little longer, all right?”
“After today, you will never, ever touch me again,” Tony told him. Just as Ty opened his mouth to point out the obvious, Tony sucker-punched him in the nose; the tycoon went down, hard.
“What if I don’t know?” Steve was sure he’d never sounded so stupid in his entire life, but Tony was smiling up at him, no trace of his earlier cold disdain in his eyes, and Steve was too entranced to look away.
. Not bothering to tell me that my family was
On autopilot, he eventually found his feet had led him to a particular door; he knocked, his mind loosely figuring it was as good a place as any to find himself a Steve.
Peter grinned back at him, clearly overwhelmed by either Tony’s words or the hug, but Tony had no time to figure out which. He tapped his chest and summoned his visor display. “Friday? Get me Sam, right now.”
“And the transfer?” Someone else. A man.
“Tony,
Tony blinked up at him, breathless with sudden anticipation. “Oh yeah?”
He had expected a far more boring answer. “Uh, cool?”
A blast of excitement burst through Tony, humiliation or exultation or both.
“Can we remove the Stones safely?” Steve asked.
and he was already so hard he was about to lose his damn mind and, judging from what he could gloriously feel grinding against his leg, so was Steve. According to what was left of his brain, that opened up a whole buffet of possible further activities, potentially leading him to other parts of Steve, to
No, it was easy for Steve to see all of Tony now, to embrace his uncertainty alongside his determination, cherish his vulnerability as well as his strength, and finally understand that there was nothing here that needed fixing. Tony just needed his help, for Steve to hold him safe until he slept; the next morning, Steve had watched a restored Tony wake up and bounce back into hopeful action, ready to damn the odds. Steve knew that to be the day this new thing between them had grown beyond plain necessity, had blossomed into delight.
Really, it was almost irrelevant, he chided himself. He wasn’t here about the kiss. Steve was here to make amends, and that began with accepting that Tony had good reason to be angry. To be hurt. The kiss, however nonsensical, could turn out to be the least of Steve’s mistakes.
Wilson, out on patrol, happened to spot him. “We got visual-” he managed, then yelled as the big purple alien waved his big golden glove and his wings crumbled into red ash.
Somewhere above his head, Wilson cleared his throat. “I can- I’ll call Nat,” he said. “They should know about…”
At Steve’s questioning glance, Tony nodded towards the main staircase. “Fifth door on the right.”
The sedation pulled Steve under, swift and relentless.
He had been eliminated as a threat across all existence, forever.
Tony blinked. “Yeah, but… what’re you gonna do all day?”
May must have noticed, because she tried to come to his rescue. “Actually, with his concussion Tony should really stay overnight for observation, and he’s already got some sleep. Perhaps he can sit with Captain Rogers until the morning?”
Enough. “So you and Steve were having quite the conversation,” Tony probed. “Care to share?”
“No, wait!” Tony shouted, desperate to buy the others more time to escape.
this?” he heard Steve demand, sounding outraged. Sounding
The mission had two major obstacles. For one, Stone had only ever allowed Friday to be installed in Tony’s workshop in the mansion. Everywhere else in the house was wired separately, and therefore beyond the AI’s reach. Someone would have to infiltrate Stone’s expensive security and grant Friday access to the basement server directly; she would then need time to analyze the data before she could begin destroying the local files, so this would have to be accomplished without Stone noticing the intrusion.
Wrong. Gone. He gritted his teeth, trying to slow the loop. “I… I don’t…” Steve looked away to where a vase sat on a high shelf, full of fresh flowers. It had always been empty, before. Before the… When he… they… Gone. Wrong.
“Tony, wait, please, let me-” he called, scrambling to his feet to follow, but he stopped when Bucky’s hand landed on his shoulder.
Steve drew in one sharp, shaky breath. Then he pushed himself higher in the bed, and lay sideways beside Tony, not quite touching him. “All mine faded,” he said.
“So am I, Steve,” Tony said, earnest in a way he rarely allowed himself to be. Terrified in a way few battles had ever made him. He needed to do this right more than he needed to breathe. “I would like to hear what you want, for us, for yourself, anything. I would like for you to tell me what you want. In words. Whatever you want.”
Then they were gone.
“He’s mad at me,” Tony said. His voice shook. Embarrassing.
“Could you-” -
, he thought.
Tony gave him a odd look, but right then the microwave pinged, recapturing the other man’s attention. “In other news, Zemo officially confessed to the bombing, so I - ouch,
“You planned this,” he breathed, unable to believe Tony
Twice in that first year, he goes to Tony and says the words, just like he promised.
“Wait, so you fought him blind?” Rhodey asked, shocked. “Tony, I swear, if you ever go into space alone again-”
They watch the flames until Tony gets up, kneels before Steve.
“Whatever it takes,” Tony whispered into the quiet, unheard, unwitnessed. Yet it was as solemn an oath as any he’d taken, and he felt its purpose settle into his bones. The Soul Stone had given him a vision for the future beyond compare, but as it turned out, he had two jobs now. Help Steve. Help the universe. That was the order of importance. Maybe the only possible order. Maybe both the same job, from the inside. Help one. Help everyone.
, Steve reached out and pulled the other man onto his lap, shoving the heavy table carelessly away to make space. Tony gave a tiny yelp of surprise but instantly relaxed into Steve’s arms, seeking his mouth again. This time, though, Steve was ready, and-
“Incoming communication,” the AI announced.
Green light.
, he sent into the silence.
“Is it safe here?” he asked.
It was too much; the strands of memory all began to blur together, the relentless joy soaring high, almost unbearable in its vastness, then swooping low, collapsing him in towards some uncontrollable, explosive conclusion- “
It had been his turn to pack, this year, so Steve already knew that in the kitchen there was a picnic waiting. He also knew he would spend the rest of the evening relaxing with his husband before celebrating their rare night of peace together in a dozen beautiful sweaty ways. And tomorrow, he knew, he would share his work with his friends and surprise them with his spin-off ideas, hopefully gaining their approval before the party devolved too far into karaoke and mischief.
“Nah, we’ll grab something on the way,” Tony said quickly, Ty’s impatience like a fierce wind at his back. “I’ll be back first thing in the morning, then we’ll catch up on the road, Bruce, yeah?”
The young Queen stared at him; again he watched the spark of hope return life to a haunted face. His friends were so willing to believe. He hadn’t expected it. Beside the Queen, Okoye was frowning, and Tony prepared himself to explain.
Tony flinched away, but not from his words. Steve had reached out. He hadn’t meant to reach out.
aware. Not that he could explain it that way without further embarrassing Steve. “Uh… I think so?”
“Fine, but if you don’t, I’m gonna fly out there and join you. You’ve been away too long.”
“Too much, really,” Steve muttered darkly. Of course. The serum.
“He never asked,” Steve said, the words unplanned. “Everything he was trying to do. Maybe an answer to what went wrong.” He held out his hands, studied them. “It’s been right here, in my blood, this whole time. But he never asked.”
“Leadership can certainly lead to isolation,” Thor said; the king sounded uncharacteristically subdued. “Yet the more responsibility one accepts, the more necessary it becomes to have trusted companions who will see the person and not the power.”
Tony, fair and brave and true, and now he knew there had never been anyone else.
Tony took the hint. There was one more possibility he could think of. He opened the only other default app and there they were. Hundreds of messages saved. Apologies, at first. Dozens of attempts. Then just… Steve, talking about his day, sharing mundane stuff about what he’d seen, what he’d thought. He’d written to Tony every night, it seemed. Dozens of nights. Hundreds of messages. All unsent. “Steve...” he said, then stopped, confused. The other man had walked away, in Siberia. Had chosen to leave. This made no sense.
“Sounds like a Tuesday,” Steve said.
“And there’s
“I… I do not refuse,” she whispered, her face crumpling. “But how can I… What happens if the one I love is already dead?”
He could hear himself panting, sobbing, moaning Steve’s name in a babble of nonsense but nothing needed to make sense because Steve was gripping him now in one hand, holding Tony together while licking the tip of his cock, teasing him, testing him and then Steve’s mouth had lifted away - fuck, no,
Today, Steve could sympathize with the impulse to complain. Yet he was the team leader; it would not be appropriate to get involved.
“I’m- I’m okay,” he mumbled, but then he really did throw up, just enough to ruin his bedsheets.
Steve wasn’t totally inexperienced; he knew enough to get himself off with minimum fuss, had even sat through a few awkward hand-jobs back in his USO days.
Steve remembered everything. The sound of air, then water rushing through the cracked glass. The metallic taste of panic, despair. How his lungs had burned as he’d drowned. How they’d kept burning, how he’d kept drowning, unable to die, unable to escape. The cold enveloping him, seeping into him. Then the ice. Tiny shards of agony, white hot splinters of pain as his cells died and were reborn and died and were reborn and died over and over. Destroying him. Creating him.
He must have slept deeply but not for long, for it was not yet noon when he next opened his eyes. Steve found himself on his side with both arms fastened around Tony’s waist, gentle fingers idly twining through his hair. The other man was staring at the ceiling, wide awake,.
“Oh, dear god,” Rhodey muttered. “You literally have no idea how much you sound like Tony right now, you two deserve each other.”
“Second,” Tony continued, “when I announce the wedding is off, you will publicly confirm it was a mutual decision, then have your jackals bury the story.”
“Tony?” he mumbled, twisting to see his face, but the other man was sobbing too hard in relief, was clutching Steve too tight in his grasp.
“The kid deserved the heads-up,” Stark said, shrugging. And his lack of remorse provided the spark which finally detonated Steve’s last nerve, a torrent of hot fury exploding through his entire body.
them from me, and oh yeah, your BFF killed my
Then it’s the familiar contours of Shuri’s lab, and Tony is crying because Peter is hovering by his side, offering water and calling frantically for help when Tony can’t stop crying, but the kid catches on eventually when Tony pulls him in for a hug, cries a bit himself, and Rhodey is here, and Bruce is here, and Shuri is joining them - uh oh, these two - and they’re telling him Pepper is on her way, and at that Tony loses it entirely, and they shush him to sleep, urge him to rest, and this time he goes willingly because Pepper is on her way and will be here in the morning and the kid is alive and Pepper is alive and the world is alive so what more could he possibly-
Once Steve’s sedative kicked in, the full impossible weight of Tony’s anguish broke through, annihilating his earlier promises.
But for now, Steve was warm in the sun, and his family was happy.
Steve slowly put down his sketchbook and turned to him, a pained expression on his face. “We never talked about it.” True, but in Tony’s mind there just hadn’t been any point, after the Devastation. The past was what it was. The present was an anomaly, soon to be erased. A dream of a different future was all any of them had left.
The silence, when he finally noticed it, rang an alarm bell throughout his body, and a buzzing awareness on his neck told him he was already being watched. Tony redeployed the armor, sending the nanobots sneaking down his sleeves so as not to alert his observer. He bent down as if to lift the last container, moving as casually as he usually did, then swiveled quickly to his blind side, repulsors at the ready.
His words came shaded with such bitter memories, with so many dark endless nights -
, watching Steve, and not be over
Tony could have laughed.
A sweeping exhaustion came over Tony, draining him right to his bones, because he could already feel how the evening was going to go, and by the morning it wouldn’t really matter anyway. And so he didn’t protest as Tiberius seized his wrist again and dragged him over to the car, because there would be no point. It didn’t matter, none of this mattered. If the world ended, nothing ever would.
“We do not,” T’Challa confirmed.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Tony said, then nodded to their shared Gauntlet. “But maybe we can make this situation a little more comfortable?”
Happiness, Steve thought, was not supposed to hurt like this. “You stayed… for me?”
Less than a minute later, Tony found himself slammed into the cracked road, all air knocked from his lungs, dazzling sparks skating across his vision. Thanos was leaning over him, grinning. Unable to sit up, unable to even suck in a breath, Tony dismissed his visor and spat at his smug face, which only provoked the alien to further amusement.
He opens his eyes enough for others to see. Rhodey is leaning over him. He looks exhausted. Terrible. Beautiful. His friend.
“Don’t, Steve. Please. Whatever you’re thinking, I’m fine, just- just let it go.”
“I guess there’s that,” he said, then winced at the admission, but his friends didn’t judge or recoil; he found nothing but kindness in their gaze.
Yet when Captain Steve Rogers finally forces his eyes open, the scepter is lying beside him, immune to his confusion; when he hears footsteps crunch upon the shattered glass, he rolls to his feet, ready to keep fighting.
Then take Thanos out.
“What’s going on?” Tony asked, dark eyes huge behind the plastic visor.
The Mad Titan was still on the ground and struggling just to breathe, the air bubbling strangely around the ax still embedded in his chest. Thor had a wild intensity in his eyes as he watched his prisoner, a feverish anticipation matched only by Clint who waited nearby, an enhanced vibranium arrow at the ready. Thanos was feathered with more than a few already, proving the worth of Shuri’s design.
“So long as we’re clear,” Tony says, then kisses him hard.
But the super-soldier swore he needed the help, every time, and by now Tony had gotten in the habit of providing it. And he liked the simplicity, he supposed. With the last container filled, Steve shot Tony a smug grin before hoisting a second one onto his other shoulder and setting off towards the camp.
11:34, 27th June 2016
??:??, Monday 2nd July 2018
Steve licked his lips. “If that’s what you… If that’s what I have to do. I’ll sign.”
, he thought, stunned.
Tony reached out with trembling fingers. Traced Steve’s cheek. Steve’s hair.
The other man was fast asleep, looking deceptively peaceful, but Tony couldn’t stop himself checking his breathing, his pulse. Suddenly he didn’t want to take anything for granted. It was just that Steve had always been so… Steve. Strong, reliable, determined. Previously he would have thought these words an insult, that such ordinary words could only fail to capture the extraordinary depths of the man.
And apparently Tony could tell, because he leaned away then, cheeks flushed as if drunk. “Well
Steve’s eyes flew open with a groan; he flashed Tony a look of such want that Tony felt even his own depleted cock stir in response. Then Steve was over him, owning him, lips and teeth and fire, groaning his name and grinding what could not possibly be but impossibly
Of course the billionaire had his own ideas, and sat down next to him. “Bad day?”
A second later, Steve had gathered Tony to his side, concealing him from view as best he could, even as the man began to shake in earnest, even as he knew it was too late.
He only realized he’d said that out loud when Tony snorted, almost a laugh. “If I’m reading this machine right you just got your next dose of happy juice, so yeah, that tracks.”
But Steve couldn’t look at him anymore, couldn’t bear to see this stranger wearing Tony’s face. Instead, he buried his face in his hands, trying not to collapse fully onto the table, waiting for the room to stop spinning. Worse than the despair was the shock, as if until now, Steve had somehow believed this situation could end happily. He should have known better. Once, with the serum, Steve had been granted everything he’d ever wanted. But like a fairytale boy who’d used up all his wishes, it meant he could never be lucky again.
Waking up in the future had only compounded the problem. There was just so much Steve didn’t know, always more angles he hadn’t considered. In those first lonely months, he couldn’t seem to function beyond the most basic level. Everywhere he turned, he found endless options to consider, endless information to assess, just too much
idea, was too much, was too soon, that he should wait until Steve was in a better headspace, until they both were - Tony was dropping the shoe and closing the remaining distance between them, was reaching for Steve, was kissing Steve as if it meant life itself. Because it did, it
Please, Steve thought. This above all.
“Now can be good, Steve,” Tony said. “It’s okay. Ask whatever you want.”
As Tony watched in amazement, the tycoon reached into his shirt, removing with trembling fingers a small card with a printed spider on the back. “How did- Are you
The super-soldier hadn’t actually planned to offer. Not in public. Steve studied him. “Is that what you want?”
Then his gaze raked Tony up and down before settling on his crotch, his smirk turning competitive. “Well,” he said, “so far, maybe.”
Trapped somewhere behind enemy lines, Steve snatched a breath and charged forth blindly. “I was scared of what it would do to us.” He blinked, thrown by the odd phrasing. “To the team, I mean,” he rushed to clarify. “If I’d told you and you’d gone after him, we would have had to stop you. I couldn’t take the risk.”
“Uhm, so maybe this is more of a, uh, personal question,” the kid said, “but, uh, the readers of my blog would really like to know, are you going to return to New York after the launch? You know, with the wedding coming up…”
The early afternoon sun was high above them as they set off, and the warmth already baked into the ground rose to greet them as they walked. After only a few minutes, Tony surrendered to the heat and stripped down to his tank top, and a minute later, Steve did the same. For a while Tony may have been a tad distracted - hello
The super-soldier reached into his jacket’s inner pocket and pulled out a flip phone identical to the one Tony had lost. He powered it up and held it out to Tony without speaking. Tony took it delicately, not sure what he was supposed to do next, but Steve was staring away into the distance, his shoulders hardened into battle lines yet somehow, still, brittle.
“Pretty sure it’s just a you thing,” Steve corrected him sleepily, then panicked. Maybe that was too much truth.
Tony set aside the apple core - composting was important - and moved further into the room, not so subtly making his presence known to the twins by engaging in their favorite Godzilla impression. His hammy shambling growls were met with the usual flurry of giggles and plushie-bomb attacks, aided a little too well by Nat. After they had successfully tackled Godzilla to the ground and were sitting on him, triumphant, Nat declared victory to the twins; graciously, they allowed Tony to sit up and catch his breath for a full ten seconds.
15:47, Monday 2nd July 2018
His friend sighed. “Like you telling Steve you’re falling in love with him. Idiot.” And Tony laughed. He shouldn’t have laughed. Nothing about this was funny, except he’d spent months - years? - so terrified of what his friends would think that he’d never admitted such a possibility even to himself. And now Rhodey was the one to put a name to his secret, had said it out loud as if it was an ordinary acceptable truth.
. Technically, after Germany, he was a war criminal. There was a larger than zero possibility that Tony was on the phone right now organizing Steve’s delivery to the Raft. Yet if that was the case, Steve would comply. His concerns about the Accords notwithstanding, he needed to show he was serious about making amends. If the cost of keeping the Avengers intact was his own incarceration, then so be it. From now on, he’d do whatever it took to keep the team together, even if that meant leaving his fate in Tony’s hands.
“Yeah, about that; no, not once we go back and undo everything,” Tony spoke up beside him. Thanos stared from one of them to the next, a dark understanding dawning on his face. “What, you think you’re the only one with a magic glove? Except ours is in much better shape, and now, thanks to you, we have the Infinity Stones.”
Tony slammed the freezer closed. “Alright,” he said, and turned to Steve at last.
He was better at it than Steve.
“Alright, I’m in. On one condition,” Steve said, the frown sliding back onto his face.
, Steve feels.
Across a wide world, planes seek guidance; missiles seek targets; the people need help. Bring in FRIDAY, the Captain orders. The AI is already busy, has already averted the worst she could reach. Together, the team makes a pattern. Find problem; ease problem. The Captain speaks. Dozens, hundreds, thousands.
The quickest way to lose was believing you had nothing left to win.
Warring expressions clashed across Tony’s face. “Steve…” The other man’s features settled into raw disbelief. “
These days, he liked to build his own traditions, with a daily routine that ran from morning coffees to bedtime lullabies, and a calendar inked with birthdays and anniversaries. Even the tattooed ring on his finger, which this time had lasted a full seven months. Each experience was composed of mere moments, bubbles of perfection so fragile and rare he hardly dared blink, yet Steve had learned; time would bring more of everything if he let it. Hoarding the details meant holding on too hard to what was already gone, meant he was using his strength in the wrong direction, and sometimes even happiness could get in the way.
“Yes, of course, always,” Tony whispered. Then he braced Steve’s head between his hands, forcing Steve to watch him, hear him. “I swear to you, Steven Grant Rogers, I am going to help you. Whatever it takes.” Tony looked all scrunched up, as if he was trying not to cry. “It’s going to be okay, Steve, I promise. You’re going to be okay.”
“I’ll do it,” Steve said at once. “I’ll surrender. If that would help.”
It was so
Each problem had seemed so
Tony thought-
Mind resolute, Steve wrenched his thoughts away, focusing on the situation that awaited him back in New York. With military precision, he finished his shower, dressed and returned to the Quinjet. When the other man eventually made an appearance, he didn’t bother speaking to Steve, instead saying nothing at all on the long flight home.
“Wait, what?” Tony asked, stunned. “How?”
He saw.
And he was alone.
It wasn’t like he was oblivious. Everyday he witnessed the struggles out there, drank them in and spat them out in short bursts, his mind alternating between shying away from such enormity and attempting to swallow everything at once in an endless despair. Steve could see the same see-saw moments play out within his team, could see when his friends tipped too far, needing to step away for a minute, an hour, a day. Yet they always returned, fighting even now for balance. In truth everyone on the planet was struggling in their own way, and that brought some absurd comfort. It made the struggle normal, a fierce ghoulish normal where no one was okay but at least everyone understood why.
“Not visually,” Tony said. Which wasn’t really a lie. If he opened the door, the others would be able to see him.
After the airport fight, Steve had been worried that he may have strained their friendship beyond reason. When Tony had showed up in Siberia, for Steve’s sake breaking the very rules he’d been arguing for… It had felt good in a way Steve hadn’t expected. Significant in a way he couldn’t quite pinpoint. With both Tony and Bucky by his side, Steve had felt ready to take on the world-
, he decided.
“I can guarantee you would pose no danger in my country,” T’Challa said. “Hydra has no presence there.”
The work meant he and Steve were now both falling into bed exhausted, rarely at the same time, and waking just in time for breakfast. It was selfish but in all the bustle Tony missed their previous morning routine, craved the quiet early moments of feigned sleep where he could watch Steve with his flowers, fingers hovering over impossibly delicate sketches. As the big day approached, a growing part of Tony despaired at the idea that those moments were over for good.
“I don’t-” Steve said, smiling because he didn’t know what Tony meant, he didn’t want to know what Tony meant, he didn’t-
from you, Rogers?”
Steve liked to swear, Tony discovered. Steve was
“No more fighting?” Steve asked, his weariness ice-heavy.
“You’re asking me?” The billionaire shook his head, still visibly upset. “You’re the one with a Titan-grade arrow stuck through your shoulder.”
All lies.
“-whoever made these rules deserves to have them broken, there has to be another way-” behind him, he heard Steve cut off, then- “Tony? What the hell are you-”
“I know,” Steve said, a warm flush of adoration humming through him, because this was the Tony he’d known and cherished, this was
, uh, sorry May, is he still asleep?” the kid hissed in a stage whisper, looking impossibly young in his street clothes.
what the kid deserves to know is that no matter how hard he tries you’ll never be capable of anything better-”
“That’s… that’s good,” Steve said, but a pleasant, warm lethargy had rippled up through him, and he lost track of his edges again, his awareness lifting above the panic, the anger, floating back towards the stars. “Gooood. Wow, I feel
Tony gave a shuddering sigh, then he traced a heart onto the back of Steve’s gloved hand and glanced up, almost shy.
This one, he remembered.
The phone erupted in white sparks, but he’d already let it fall to the ground; from deep inside the mansion there was a strange, electrical sizzling.
“Proximity alert, boss,” Friday announced in his forgotten ear-piece. “Seventeen ships, no approach detected. There is a 99% probability the Tesseract was involved.”
They always did.
Clint had told them everything that had happened, if only once, and so Steve is prepared for the mountain, the cold, the sky. He is even prepared for Schmidt, who barely blinks at his arrival.
. And he was going to make us forget. Thanos. This time, if he’d won…”
“You’re coming with us, right?” Rhodey said.
The super-soldier blinked. “His… what?”
“Everything,” Thanos moaned, sounding defeated. “You’re… right, Stark. You’re right.” For a moment, everyone held their breath. Then the Mad Titan twisted his lips into a grin. “I should have done more.”
“You steer,” Steve said.
“Yeah, sorry. Not the best location.”
“Sweetheart, I promise the next dozen times we do this we will go as slow as you want but right now I’m kinda losing my mind so I’m gonna need you to fuck my ass like you need it to breathe.” He was babbling nonsense and he was being greedy and for one long unbearable moment, Steve just stared at him, wild-eyed. Then he settled one soft kiss on the corner of Tony’s mouth before he drew back, lips curved, eyes afire, and Tony nearly whined out loud because
“Yes,” the Soul Stone said simply. “And we choose against you, Thanos, son of A’lars. You may no longer command us.” A thrill of hope sang through Steve; he looked down at his and Tony’s entwined hands to find the gold gleam of their shared Gauntlet had been restored, but the inset gems looked oddly dull. Unresponsive. Danger, insisted the Captain, wrenching his attention back to Thanos. Stand. Fight.
. Steve had yelled at him, laughed with him, had fought alongside him and occasionally against him, but he’d definitely never wanted to
“It might actually be after three, Aunt May’s on shift til nine, but we can get lunch for ourselves on the way if that’s easier?”
“Keep it contained,” Tony ordered quietly, letting Friday relay the message to the others. He was savagely aware that the whole situation was still being broadcast live on TV, that if his actions now triggered mass panic that this would be only the beginning of unspeakable disaster.
. Please tell me you’re kidding.”
over-
The brightness was spreading, whispering of starlight, but Steve turned away, as he’d promised. Underneath, he was really quite tired. His eyes drifted closed.
Somehow his anger felt like a gift. “What can I do?” Steve asked. Pleaded.
“Peggy,” he said.
That second kiss - the one he’d stolen - had been so unholy hot that he’d nearly overlooked the first, specifically the part where
“You ready to go?” the super-soldier asked after draining his teacup.
Steve froze in place, dropping his shield to the ground; he turned to face Tony, his hands outstretched in surrender, in apology.
Wrenching his eyes away from Steve, Red Skull looked them over, seemingly unimpressed. “Yes, I met him.” Tony felt his heart leap in anticipation. Perhaps the old Nazi knew something. Perhaps he could help.
So polite, still. Tony rolled his eyes. “Belay that. Arrive ravenous, we’ll feed you.”
He was so… beautiful. “It’s a brave choice,” Steve whispered instead. “You’re brave, Tony.”
T’Challa had been watching them both, and now spoke. “You are welcome to visit Wakanda at any time, Captain Rogers. And of course, your friend may keep you notified of his progress. But for now, I believe he is correct, and your presence is required elsewhere.” There was sympathy in the prince’s eyes, but a faint trace of disapproval too.
Usually Tony could think of two dozen ways to dodge any question, but here he was, drawing a blank. “Sometime soon, I promise.”
As the dawn light crept in, lifting them out of anonymous shadow, Steve finally made love to the other man. Once more, neither spoke a word. In the silence, their union felt solemn. Holy, almost. Steve truly tried to savor it, tried to slow down and memorize every new expression etched on Tony’s face, but the more he reveled in the moment, the quicker his pleasure surged. An inevitable momentum took him over, sending first Tony then himself plunging over the edge into a bliss that obliterated all that came before.
“Adding another Stone is going to kill you.” No shit, Tony thought. “Perhaps we can… If I take your hand out…”
“Tony-” Steve started softly, but the other man flinched away as if he’d yelled.
Tony was content to let Steve do whatever he wanted, but the other man didn’t look so happy any more. “All good?” Tony asked, his voice raspy.
Steve nodded, then processed the other man’s lack of surprise. “You knew?”
“Yes,” said the Captain. “No,” said Steve.
Stark pinched his eyes closed. Nodded once, curt. “We should head back to the Sanctum.”
Tony threw him a disgusted look. “Man with a fucking plan. God, Rogers, take a fucking seat. There’s no way Ross is gonna be seen locking up
“Oh,” and Steve heard himself sigh, “okay, it’s just… do you think you could ever love me back?”
Somehow, Peggy had survived decades of his loss with her dignity intact. She had mourned him, yes. Deeply and sincerely, she’d said. But then she’d left him behind too, had moved on and built a full and happy life for herself, somehow finding the strength to keep her memories close without succumbing to their burden of grief.
“I… what?” Steve asked, his heart wrenched again with the feeling that was both hope and fear.
“I should have been there,” Steve tells him, and he means it. “I would have stopped it.”
When Tony sat up, Steve held his breath in anticipation, but the other man was just switching on stealth mode. The light from outside dimmed appreciably, and Tony settled back down as if to sleep. Steve felt the distance between them deepen in the silence, his hopes becoming as gray and desolate as the withered skies outside. As the empty minutes passed, he found himself sinking into an incoherent despair.
liar, Cap.” He sat up straight, jaw set. “Forget it. I made my choice. I’m not going anywhere.”
He tried to pull himself back towards sense, towards reason, but
“Ah, Captain Rogers,” Strange said smoothly. “Please, join us. Stark and I were just discussing the Soul Stone.”
Somehow, the tired acceptance in Steve’s voice hurt more than anything. “Kinda feels like it is, though.”
“Wasn’t their tech,” Tony said. “They must have used the Tesseract.”
“Sure thing, boss,” Friday agreed. “Tell your business I said hi, and remember to hydrate.”
Freed from the churn of his own thoughts, he could now hear the intermittent soft murmurs of Tony’s voice from some other room, too distant to make out the words but close enough to be a comfort. Buoyant with released tension, Steve tried to imagine how this week would have differed if Tony had been the one in danger. If it had been Tony needing Steve to risk everything and go on the run. He would have, Steve knew. He should explain that too. It wouldn’t have differed at all. Steve would have fought the world to protect Tony, just as he had for Bucky. And he had no doubt Tony would have done the same for him.
But there were cold metal fingers digging into his chest, and then Tony was roughly shoving him away. Again, Steve fell on his ass; Tony loomed over him, his former blank reserve replaced by a boiling fury, his gloved hands instinctively raised.
Tony shook his head, squeezed Steve’s hand. “Hey, remember Doctor Cho’s cradle? We’re rolling the technology out in fifteen major trauma centers this year, and once we’ve got enough momentum, there’ll be one on every street corner. Steve, I promise it’s gonna do everything the serum could have done to help people who are suffering. But only in the ways they want to be helped. No fixing. And no super-soldiers.”
“Yep, just small portions and often,” Shuri called over her shoulder, already off to her next task.
The steady beeps and gentle murmurs had infiltrated his dreams, and so for a brief eon, Steve was a spaceship, floating through endless stars.
you say could justify what you’ve done,” Steve said, his voice breaking.
of you,
And there was nothing left to say.
Instead, Stark had arrived a full five hours late, offering zero apologies. Wedding stuff, he’d announced breezily. As if that excused anything. His lack of shame was more horrifying than his lack of punctuality. Steve was honestly beginning to wonder if the New York team would be better off without Stark involved. The Asgardians had been granted an official settlement in Norway and landed there last night, and Thor’s team had just left for Nowhere. With only New York’s defense left to worry about, Stark really should have been more focused today, not less. There really was no excuse.
Tony accepted, then shot him a grin. “Call her work magic again and Shuri will end you.”
He watched the gates fly by for the final time. As the car raced along the winding roads, Tony rolled down the windows, breathing in the fresh air, the freedom, the way the summer sun turned Steve's hair into a golden halo against the deep blue sky. In sudden impulse, he reached out and switched on the radio, humming along to the first song he heard; ‘
And there was more to look forward to, Tony realized, so much more than he knew how to believe, but whatever problems that came their way, whatever their mistakes and fears and doubts, he and Steve could tackle them together. In their shared future, there would be hard days and heartaches and long, difficult conversations, but he also knew there would be no hidden debt to fear, no cost to silently reckon.
fight would have ended?”
Instead of answering, Tony took Steve’s hand and placed it squarely on his own crotch, so there could be no mistaking the situation there. This was not a subtle move, since he figured the bulge could probably be seen from space. The other man looked down, then back up at him, his expression still closed off, still unreadable.
Sometime before dawn, Steve realizes Tony is awake. More to the point, Tony is awake, and sober, and watching him, dark eyes glittering in the firelight, and it’s like Steve’s entire soul holds its breath. The moment stalls, stretches into something new, something dreamlike and inevitable.
Tony thought, the word weirdly heavy in his mind.
His friend peered up at him. “I’m not sure now is a good time for this particular conversation.”
Just as they stepped apart, Natasha emerged from the nearby hut and waved them over. “Cap, Tony, you need to see this.”
- have our legal team working on swinging a pardon for Barnes outta that.” He slung his overheated plate onto the table and sat, gesturing for Steve to take the opposite chair. “T’Challa also corroborated the Siberia threat, so your merry band of renegades have been released from the Raft and are on their way home, now that Wanda’s visa has finally come through.”
In the face of his continuing silence, Tony frowned, uncertain. “Uh, so. Would it be okay if I…?” He gestured at Steve’s hand, and finally Steve allowed himself to understand. H
Steve had no idea what he was talking about. “If I care…?” He sucked in a breath, suddenly sick with dread. “What happened to Rhodey?”
Steve struggled to breathe, grasping towards some sort of reply, an argument, an appeal. Anything to make Tony give him another chance, just one more chance. But no answer came. “I guess…” he started, then gave up. “I guess you don’t.”
and flew off alone to find Thanos, Tony had been moody for days. He missed her, Steve thought afterward. She’d been there, on Titan, an impartial witness to the wizard’s words. Now Tony had just himself. A week ago, he’d broken down. Shattered a chair against the wall after yet another setback. Bruce had called Steve, and he’d let the billionaire pour forth his secret doubts, his lack of faith that he could do this impossible thing, his terror of failing after all.
what I’ve done, Steve,” Tony snarled, “you have no fucking idea what you’re talking about-”
The other man drew back, then paused, intense. Focused. “Steven Grant Rogers,” he said huskily, and it was all Steve could do not to moan out loud. “Do you want to fuck me?”
He caught Shuri’s shoulder, turned to Rhodey, Bruce, Okoye nearby. “You have to evacuate, now. He’ll take the whole palace with him.” They nodded, the two Wakandans stepping away to issue commands into their wrist devices; Tony could feel Bruce and Rhodey staring but he stepped past them, raised his voice, icy with command. “Thor, Nat, everyone. Time to go.” The Asgardian took one last look at Steve, still trying - failing - to stand, and his shoulders slumped in defeat.
“Decrypting the message requires two-step voice authentication,” the AI informed them.
When Steve offered to accompany him, his first reaction was a blast of panic. Ty lost it every time he was reminded of Steve’s existence. Bringing the other man into Ty’s
When he is done, he leaves.
A straw was placed at his lips, and Steve drank, grateful. Then he registered the familiar stench of sterilized illness; with a sickened lurch, his vision cleared, and he saw. Small room, no windows. There were machines, tubes, needles. Beeping.
“I know,” Steve says, the tears escaping anyway.
Naturally, he lost.
- yelling at said native flora. At least today he was using the ax.
