She could feel herself on the edge of sleepiness, and it was a battle to stay awake. "Theories?" she asked. "You can have more than one theory at the same time?" she teased easily; it was surprising how much had changed over the course of her prolong stay in the past.
Rogers walks over to the work desk and stands in front of him. "I know that's bull, as I spoke to Pepper."
Howard took a deep breath, ready to protest, but before he could speak, the door to the room opened and Phillips stepped in with a nurse behind him. "Sark, I see you're up," Phillips said, eyeing her weak and exhausted form on the bed.
. She was so going to get her back for this. "You haven't won," she stated as she rotated on a dime and playfully pushed him back.
"No, I do not have any plans on bringing him back to Earth," Fury answered. He wasn't sure there was any cell on this planet that could hold that man, and he wasn't going to take that chance, not for Stark.
He took a deep breath. "As you are here, I believe you have failed. Please, just cooperate. It would make things simpler." Colonel Salt stood up and stepped to the glass window. He stared through it as if he could see the person on the other side. "If you aren't a spy, what are you trying to hide?"
Chains were rattling as the punching bag was swing back and forth in the air. It was swinging so violently that it was almost flying off the hook, but somehow the old rangy bag stayed on the hook with each punch, though it was even more surprising that the worn bag was in one piece. The bag had seen better days, just like the rest of the bags in this room, as each had taken a rough beating.
Howard smiled his cheesy smile at her before turning back to the Colonel. "Though I would've recognized a spicy brunette like Toni." His smile had turned creepy a little. "Or at least a dame with a glowing chest."
Toni stood a few feet from the tree, just staring at it for minutes without saying a word. The tree wasn't the best decorated as it had odd bulbs and ornaments, but it had meaning behind them unlike the other trees that Toni had seen. The ornaments were more playful than anything else, but she didn't care. She like the Avengers themed ornaments that lined the tree, and she chuckled at the Iron Man and Captain America one. Ever since the media posted that picture of them kissing, the Avenger merchandise skyrocketed, and everyone wanted a piece, especially if it had America Favorite couple. She wasn't sure how she was one half of America Favorite Couple, considering what her reputation was.
Rhodes only gave Bruce a look before he made his way toward Pepper. Falling behind the Colonel was Romanoff and Barton, who were also spotting angry looks as well. "Pepper, I get you weren't happy with me taking out the Mark 7, but I was in a middle of the battle," he snapped.
However, she couldn't. She couldn't lead them to Rogers for the fear of the future, even if he would've liked this time better. "I…know where…Rogers went down," she said, between her sobs. She may not have been on the task or the job, but she had seen the files. She had seen where he had went down. "I can…lead you to…him….." She drifted off again as she brought the box to her chest. "B-but I can't."
That statement surprised her. Toni looked into his eyes, trying to figure out what was going on in his head. "What happened?" she asked. If he was able to get drunk, she would've thought he was drunk.
Toni laughed at him. "Hey, are you insulting me now?" She asked. She loved how red he got. "Am I not good enough for you? Do you not find me attractive? Can I beat you?" She shook her fist at him.
Walking toward the man made lake in the pouring down rain, Toni scanned the area as if she was looking for someone. At seeing no one around, Toni got down to her knees, scratching them against the hard ground, as she reached for the ice cold water. As she was already soaked and shaking from the cold rain, her panic wasn't clear right away- not that anyone was around to see it. The water didn't seem any colder to the freezing genius as she dripped her fingers in, fighting back her fear of standing water. Her heart was racing at the sight of it, but she held herself still. Ever since coming back, her anxiety of still standing water only grew, but she refused to be control by it now. She was tired of this fear, a fear that she would never be able to get over. She was tired of being scared. She wanted to take a bath, damn it.
She thought, not liking being ordered around. However, she didn't have it in her to fight. Everything was finally catching up with her, and she just wanted to sleep, to really sleep. She wanted/needed to get that man out of her head, wanted his words to just stop.
He thought franticly as he tried to look for her. He didn't have the time to look as the rafters shock, almost shaking his legs out from underneath him again. The building was about fall.
Steve could've chuckled at the look in her eyes, because he could tell that she was determined, and that was almost as scary as when Toni was determined.
After a few long minutes, Toni's vision had cleared and she was able to make out the room, which had a few church like features like a high circler ceiling; however, the metal arms coming out of the cold, steel ceiling destroyed the illusion. The large glass windows did give it that illusion as well, but the cold, hard lines of the windows were not inviting. There was also a cold draft in the room, which flowed from the windows that out looked the snowy Alps.
"Toni, when I agreed to tail you, I didn't do it to prove you guilty. I did it to prove you innocent," he stated.
Natasha looked annoyed, but she didn't say anything. She wanted to be piss at SHIELD, but she knew where they were coming from. Banner for example couldn't always control the Hulk and he could destroy a whole city, so SHIELD would need a way to stop him. Clint had turned on them already (sure not of his own will), but he had cause a great amount of destruction. With the Iron Man suit, it was possible for someone or something to steal it or recreate a suit like it, which had happened before. They needed something to stop a suit like that. However, that didn't mean she wouldn't let SHIELD have it if something did happen to Toni.
Everything was always changing, and he needed Toni, needed her to be his anchor. Okay, he might be putting too much on the genius, but without Bucky, she was the only person in the world who would call him out on his shit. Sure, she was crazy and insane at times, never shutting up, but she slowed the world down for him. She had experienced things with him that no one else could or ever would, and that meant the world to him. It might that she understood him. So when he learned that she had made it, he felt alive.
Steve wasn't sure if he wanted to tell the room to shut it or to keep listening. He wasn't sure what happened to Toni, besides what was in the newspapers and they didn't tell him much. Even the folder that Fury had given him on Toni was limited. "Enough," he said, cutting them all off. "Back to the matter at hand." He waved toward the Iron Man Armor.
Barnes reached toward her. "You can't do this. You need to let people in. You need to talk to people, especially when you think someone's after you." He shook his head and reached out toward her.
"Don't worry, Cap. You'll see Stark soon," Rumlow said from the back of the quinjet. He was nose deep in the mission debriefs, barely looking anywhere else, but there was a small grin on his face. His STRIKE team sat next to him with only a few words here or there from Rollins. "And I'm sure you'll make all the newspapers happy with your reunion."
He smiled. "Of course. Agent Carter, please return Toni's items besides that thing to her and release her." He turned leave, but he paused as he opened the door. "Mr. Stark, you can take the device with you. Your personal lab is better equipped to handle that than ours."
"Nothing," Barnes replies back, bitterness in his voice. His eyes are drilling into the side of Tony's head as the genius doesn't speak, doesn't move. "Because why else would he fly into that building without
Toni gave him a side look. "I'm Iron Man and you're Captain America. It doesn't help that I'm hot. He's totally telling his friends."
Toni stepped back and glanced at Phillips between turning back to Rogers. "I'm going." He was turning into his future self and it infuriated her. He was treating her exact the same way. When did he get the right to tell her what to do? She could handle herself.
"What am I to do?" she asked herself, holding her cold self. Trying to keep herself warm, she kept walking, and every few steps, she would hop. If she could get past her pride, she would try to find a homeless shelter for the night, but she had no idea of where to locate one. There was no internet to Google homeless shelter, but she supposed she couldn't be lazy and use a phone book, which she hadn't used in ages. Did she even remember how to use one? Did they even have payphones?
"Coming up by the drop zone, Cap." Rumlow announced, interrupting them. With a curious look in his eyes, he glanced over to the two. He studied the two. "Is everything okay?"
There was this one shadow that didn't quite fit in the dark scene before her. At first, she didn't give it much thought, considering the time of night and how sleepy she was. It wouldn't be the first time that she had thought she had seen something. Besides, there was probably nothing to it, considering shadows were a natural thing. There were hundreds of things that could have cast the shadows, depending how the lights fell.
Taking a deep breath, Toni pushed herself into a sitting position and stared at the wall. She had things to do and she couldn't spend all day hiding from Rogers. She did have to go to work, which meant she would have to leave the room. She couldn't understand why she was being foolish about this whole thing. It annoyed her.
Steve's eyes widened as he looked up- out of habit. "JARVIS?" he uttered, shocked. He could hear Rhodes, yelling in his ear, but he didn't pay much attention to the Colonel, as he was too focused on the AI.
Shaking her head, she snapped out of her thoughts. "So again, Sassy, what do you want?" she asked as she rubbed her forehead. She was starting to get a headache.
“You’re breaking my heart, love,” Tony smiled and Steve had the urge to punch him - or kiss him, it depended.
Clint snorted loudly, spitting milk and cereals everywhere; Natasha, who was sitting by his side, looked at him in disgust. When she realized the reason for that mess, though, she blinked several times and smirked.
She shook slowly her head, looking for a second as lost as he was. “Let him ask, don’t force him. Let him grieve.”
Steve stilled and turned slowly to look at it. He then breathed loudly in relief. “Her face is covered.”
After making sure his sister was okay, in fact, he had run away as fast as he could, taking the elevator to the roof and hiding there.
“You don’t need to run away from her, you know,” Alex grinned one day, cornering Peter. “Rey won’t say a word if you don’t make a move first.”
“I’m… I’m…” Tony muttered, hiding his face in the hands. “I could never be a good father, Steve. I never really had one a-and-”
“Don’t!” was the last thing the Avengers were able to scream before Alex jumped, taking Rey with him.
They cleaned the table and took out popcorn and sodas; Tony shot a look at his favorite whiskey, then thought better of it. He was going to try to be a kind-of-father. He didn’t want the kids to have an alcoholic dad.
“I know,” the archer nodded. “He’s not your real father and it feels weird, I bet. But somehow you care about them just like you would with your parents.”
“Yeah, above all after the Ultron thing,” Clint murmured. Bucky, that at the time wasn’t with them, shot him a look.
And then, in a second, everything stopped. The air wasn’t electrostatic anymore, the machines weren’t moving and the electric field that didn’t let anyone approach fell.
With a deep breath, Tony rotates in his chair to face the smiling Rogers. He can feel the tingle in his chest as he faces Steve. "What can I do for you, Cap? Make it fast. Have to get this completed for Pepper," he says. He is lying, but the Captain does not need to know that.
Natasha pinches him, causing him to wink in pain. "And you don't, Stark?" she mocks, giving him a smirk.
"Rogers appears well. He seemed to have gotten along with Peggy well. Too well if you ask me." He shook his head as he crossed to the door. There was a pause as he looked at her. "I do not care to know if I'm being honest. He's off being America's show boy," he answered, walking to the door.
Anger flashed through Toni as she spoke, "You have some nerve, Rogers. Some fucking nerve. First, you kiss me, then you kiss Sassy Pants. What can't make up your mind? Then I start to open up to Stark for only God knows why and you get pissy."
As she started to exam the device, she realized a component was missing. It was the core that was missing, and she couldn't help but blame her father, though she knew it might not be his fault. "When you put two Starks together, magic happens." However, even with the 'magic', she was going to kill her father if he took the core. What was he trying to do? Stop her? Help her? Just being an ass?
The Archer let out a chuckle. "Oh, I tried, but Rogers wouldn't let me! He's a joy sucker. So gloomy."
Though she wondered who this metal armed man was, she had other things to worry about. She would figure out who this person was later, because the idea that someone was leaving a bloody mess behind him wasn't heartwarming. It was worrisome, but she had other pressing things to deal with. "That's the thing about smart guys, we always cover our asses," she replied, bring up her hand. Without wasting a second, she blasted Savin with the Iron Man plasma blaster that she was able to rig to her chest, rendering Savin immobile—though knowing him, it wouldn't last.
She thought. It was hard to make out was going on, but she could recognize Rogers' voice and he sounded annoyed which was a state she hardly heard from Mr. Perfect. He usually wasn't so stressed, and it was that fact that stuck her. It also surprised her to how much it meant to hear that, because it meant he was human.
Toni's lungs were about to explode in her chest. She didn't know how long she had been running, but it had been a few hours judging by the setting sun in the distance. With the ghost of Barnes behind her, she didn't think she would be able to keep it up. No, she knew she couldn't keep it up, not when her legs shaking beneath her like a violent tremor. "No," she uttered, falling to her knees. Her heart was pounding in her chest, as she was unable to force herself back to her feet. She was done.
Toni narrowed her eyes knowing what she was talking about, but she didn't need anyone's protection. "Just leave me alone, Carter, and wherever you go, take Rogers with you." Both look taken back by the use of their last name, but Toni couldn't bring herself to care. However, Rogers' look cut her deep. She looked at him before she took off, ignoring her tired, cold body. She couldn't be here anymore.
"No, he wouldn't," he said with a snort. "He would totally give us both an ear full, tell us that we're both idiots for blaming ourselves."
Deciding a change in scenery was needed, Toni put on some expensive exercise clothes and went out for another run, though this time in daylight. At this time of day, there weren't as many crazy people out to bug her, which she counted as a plus. She had no people skills at the moment…though that could be said about any time. She would and will say whatever was on her mind, no matter the situation, which could and can piss people off—not that she cared. She really didn't care if she pissed people off, enjoying the moments when she did.
, but the assassin did not. Seriously, she was surprised to all hell that no one notice the un-sneaky engineer leave, but Toni counted it as a blessing.
She continually scanned the area looking for the eyes she felt, but she only saw flashes of movements and it made her heart race. Closing her eyes, she tried to clear her head, and after a few deep breaths, she continued on her way. "You're being-" she started to tell herself, but before she could finish, she bumped into something and fell back on her ass. Before she could speak, she was helped to her feet.
Toni took the glass with shaky hands and took a drink. "Thanks," she muttered at taking a few slips. "What happened?" she asked, her voice barely audible.
"Pick what?" She asked, bolting up and out of Rogers' grip. She stared at the two of them, confused.
Zola looked up. "As you can see, production and the work here is progressing on schedule even with components of this size." He shuttered it out.
Toni. He still didn't know where these feelings were coming from, but they were there building with each passing second, and they weren't going away. It was a weakness that neither his handers nor himself could get rid himself of, even with the chair and treatments. It was odd, but here he was, watching her sleep. Any attempt to move him was met with a hard shove and a deadly glare. He was expecting push back but nothing. They let him be.
Natasha looks at him one last time before she gets to her feet and walks to the door. For a brief second, there's a change in her expression, but it's gone in a flash. "If you say so. I don't want to see you hiding in your lab again," she said. "And I'm not alone. Remember that, Stark. Remember that."
Steve and the Wonder Twins (a nickname that they hated) were in DC doing Shield things that they wouldn't tell her about, which annoyed the hell out of her. One, she hated to be out of the loop. Maybe, she could hack her way into Shield? Two, it felt like Fury was trying to steal her boyfriend and keep him away from her, like he was jealous or something. Like really! He called at all hours of the night, expecting him to jump without question and never allowing him to rest. Each time, Toni had to hold her tongue, which was battle, in order not to the say the first thing that popped in her head. Being rather nasty, she chained it back, trapping it in her throat, and in doing so, she held back what she was feeling. Feeling left in the cold. She refused to let anyone would know this.
on it, but she wasn't alone. She was in the arms of a man, who looked vaguely familiar. He couldn't place him, but he was familiar. He felt like he should know him, but something in his brain wouldn't connect.
How was she not shot? Was the shooter not aiming for her? He couldn't have missed, but why? Who wasn't trying to kill her? He waited until she stepped away from the window to shot. If he hadn't, she would've been cut to pieces when the window shattered. He wouldn't have to hit her to hurt her, but he waited until she turned away. Why would he do that? Did that mean something?
And it also doesn't seem like Toni always gets the short end of the Stick, doesn't it? First Barnes, then Steve, and now Howard.
Tonight was no exception: she didn't want to be alone, but there was no one else in the tower, which was becoming more common with each passing month. Toni didn't blame Steve as he was Captain America, and he had a responsibility to the world. It was who he was, what he did, and Fury wasn't shy about sending him out at any chance he got much to her annoyance. However, Toni wasn't going to say anything, because she didn't want to be
Gaining back some of her confidence, the young waitress responds, "Oh, it's alright, C-Captain A-America." She looked away, trying to mask her bright red face. With her face as red as a tomato, the girl mumbled something to herself.
He smiled while bowing to her. "Au revoir," he said. Toni responded with nothing as she watched him walk away, but she knew it wasn't over with. She was too attached to the people of this time...and that was a problem.
"Did you forget that I'm one of these pathetic humans?" She could feel the hatred in Loki's voice and that was one of the reasons why she could never even think of sleeping with him. "Why don't you just go?"
"You're not leaving anytime soon, Sark," Phillips said, stepping to the end of the hospital bed. "You collapsed. You need to rest."
Toni took a deep breath as she thought about her growing relationship with Rogers. Since that night he slept outside the bathroom and with it being just her and Rogers in the apartment, she had become a little (she refused to be any more than a little) closer to him. The closer she got to him, the less she could hate him, and she loved to hate him. Then there was the fact that it was getting easier and easier for him to read her, which annoyed her. He had been able to see that she wasn't sleeping.
Toni's eye twitched. "Do you really want to threaten the friends of Captain America?" She hated to name drop Rogers, but the facial expression was more than enough to ease that guilty feeling. Plus, the Private left without another word, though he was huffing and puffing as he walked away. She waited until they were alone before she turned to Barnes. "What the hell? Why did you attack him? You could end up in the brig. Do you want to end up there?"
, he's too damn old for childish shit. Two, there's the fact that he would look like a fool if they find out, and since he prides himself in not looking like an idiot, he will do anything to prevent it.
This was where hundreds of men trained to have a chance at become a super soldier. Though the Camp was pretty much a ghost town with guards only at the perimeter of the camp, it struck Toni as odd that the camp was so empty so soon after a war, but she supposed there was no need for it when the Super Soldier Project was dead.
Here he was just a few yards from Stark Tower, waiting for her to drive or flew by. The waitress made a note about that being common when she noticed him staring at the building. She smiled and walked away not realizing that he was waiting for something more. He ignored the man at the next table telling him to ask for her number, which Steve didn't want at all. He knew seeing another Dame –no, woman –would probably (not) help him get over Toni, but he couldn't even think of going out with another woman.
"Hostile," he muttered as he raised his hands up in defeat. "I'll leave you be." He stepped away from her and crossed to a separate table.
Toni was neck deep in an engine block, taking a break from her many suits. When she couldn't remember which mock armor she was on, she knew it was time take a step back, but she had no interest in going upstairs. She had no desire in answering anymore questions about the murdered drug dealer in Central Park. She also had no interest in talking about why she was outside in the middle of the night. And she really had no interest in talking about what she saw or what she thought she saw in the park. It was all in her head. That was all.
"You wouldn't want that," the man said, as he stepped toward her. He walked with a hop in his step as he was attempting to be cool. With the oversize clothes and sagging pants, it looked like trying too hard to be younger than he was. The tattoo on his face popped out at Toni as she tried to figure out what it was for a few long seconds. "A pretty little thing like yourself will only get hurt in Central Park at this time of night. There're scary things in here."
"I still don't like it," Steve stated. No matter what any of them said, none of them would change his mind. He was set: Lori was not the answer. He huffed as he crossed the door.
She thought, knowing he was already dead. There was nothing that she could do to change that, and she hated-
Unmuting his comm, Tony says, "I got the Civilians in the building and an idea of how to shut these things down for good. Friday is sending it to you now. Vision should be able to disrupt the frequency, while rest of you take them out."
Getting to her feet, she crossed to the mirror in the room, which she was surprised he had. Toni took a long look at herself, and she had to give it to herself. She did beat Rogers in one thing, even if she was a hot mess, and that was being hot. Roger couldn't even touch that; however, she knew at this time (still unsure of what year it was) though, he was cuter. "Toni, Toni. What am I going to do with you?" she asked with a small smile.
"It's cold in here, isn't it?" Erskine asked, after a few minutes of silence. "You should take one. I can see you're in pain." He offered her the pills again.
He may already be breaking, but it came rushing at Steve like a semi-truck. He knew she was seeing Bucky. Knew she was seeing him everywhere. God, how long had have Toni been seeing Barnes? How long have she thought she was losing her mind but wasn't? He failed her.
What else did her CEO have to say? Toni thought they had made their peace and had come to an understanding, so why was Pepper calling now? Did she change her mind? Was she quitting? Ending everything? Was she giving up completely? Toni just thought she just needed space, but did she want more than just space? "Fine, put her through, but it better be important. She's interrupting my special time with Stevie, and I need my special time!"
If she didn't find that completely sexy, it would be totally annoying. She shook her head as she tried to clear her mind of the dirty images that flooded it. There were so many things that she could do to that man, and she wasn't sure if half of them were legal. "So why did you bring me back?" she asked, changing the subject. She didn't want to answer his question.
He was beginning to wonder if she really was a spy, but even if she wasn't, she was something. A normal citizen did not have unknown devices on him or her that could keep the U.S. Military guessing, and the colonel did not care for that.
At first, Toni just watched in disbelief as this was what she had been trying to do; she wanted them together but after that kiss Rogers and her shared, it was a blow to the heart, a heart that was already broken. Was why he kissing her back like that? Did their kiss earlier mean nothing? It took Toni less than two seconds to remind herself that it didn't. He just kissed her because he was hurt and he just needed comfort like she did. Nothing else. Why did she care? She didn't want anything else with him as she didn't do relationships.
her. He needed her for support, as she seemed to be the only thing in his life at the moment, which annoyed her slightly. Why was it her job to cheer him up? She barely knew him, really. She didn't know him in the future and she didn't know the past him either. So why did she try? She knew she didn't have to, but she didn't like him depressed and it wasn't because she cared (she refused to care). It was because he was annoying to be around when he was that.
"No," he replied, sharply. He had already felt sick and uneasily about it. Sure, he understood why Natasha had kissed him, understanding the strategy behind it. One, it stopped him from going after Rumlow and demanding to know where Toni was. And two, it allowed them to escape with the drive. Whatever was on that drive was vital. However, it felt wrong, not to be focused on finding her. Toni finally said yes, and things had started to fall into place.
Bruce looked back and noticed the anger on Clint's face. "What's up with you?" he asked. "If you were the hulk, we would be in trouble." He kept back his laughter, but there was still a smile on his face.
If Toni wasn't in so much pain, she would laugh, because no fucker would believe that load of crap. That was 101 in the rule book: never believe the villain, especially when they say they wouldn't kill you. They would always kill you in the end. "I would say bit me, but you might do it," she said, trying to ignore the sweat running own her face.
Wait!... Barnes, if she remembered correctly, had died in the war while working with Captain Rogers, and she had heard from her father that Rogers didn't take it well. "And how does that help me?" she asked. She started to feel pity for him, which annoyed her. She hated when people felt pity her, so she assumed he would as well.
"Which file are you looking for?" Fury asked, eyeing Rogers. "If you're looking for some kind of peace, this won't help you. Knowing that all of your comrades are deceased will only serve to taunt you."
That voice snapped Toni out of her thoughts and brought her glance up. To her annoyance, Loki was back, and he was wearing the same baggy thing as before; however, there was a change in his facial expression. He seemed joyous like he just won a major battle and he was ready to gloat. "I'm really getting sick of your ugly face," she said, frustrated
Toni's face went red, looking anywhere but Steve's face. God, she could remember carrying those two toys everywhere, telling anyone who would listen that she loved her Cap and Bucky Bear to the moon and back. Thinking back, she wondered if her father got a secret kick out of it. He must have, knowing what he knew. Seriously, what went through her father's head? She could probably guess what would go through everyone's else head.
Steve stared at her for a few seconds, as if he was saving her face to memory. "Are you going to be okay alone?" he asked. "What number suit are you on?"
this place. She hated it more than she thought possible, and she wanted to burn it into the ground. She wanted to light a match and watch it go up in flames. She wouldn't leave the owner penniless, but she would leave this place beyond repair. She would leave it in ashes, forcing Steve to leave. That was how much she hated this place.
Again, she was alone and this time she wondered how long it would be this time. She didn't know how much longer she would last in this painful cold room.
Toni glimpsed toward spot that Loki had been standing. Like always, he was gone as if he was never there, and it unnerved the genius, but she let it go. She had other things to worry about. "The core is missing."
Narrowing his eyes, Rumlow stepped to the stilled Asset. The hair stood up on his arms, as if he expected the Soldier to move and attack. "And the two lover birds? There's no doubt they're going to be a problem. Plus, we aren't finish with Stark yet, though it is only a matter of time before she breaks."
She needed to get her mind off Barnes- the ever-present nightmare- or she would go crazy...if she wasn't already. She was hearing things, wasn't she? At times, it really did feel like she was crazy even if she denied it with every breath she breathed. She had to be with the amount of times she had seen or heard Barnes. Only insane person would see or hear a dead man.
"I was wrong, Director. The world hasn't changed a bit," Steve stated, angry. He knew he shouldn't trust the director, but he never thought he would use the cube to make Tesseract weapons.
"Oh, but I can, Rogers," she said as she turned to him. She sauntered over to him with a nasty look in her eyes. "I can't stand you! You think you're damn perfect, but I can deal with that. In fact, I can admire someone for that, but then you try to pretend that you don't think that, and it makes me sick. This whole act makes me sick. "
Natasha and Clint shared a calculated look, but they didn't say anything. However, Steve was anything but silence. "I would like to know that as well?"
Both Bucky and Steve shoot up and turn to Tony, who's trying to hide under the blanket. "Pain?" they utter at once. Worry morphs onto their face, and they inch closer to him. "Are you okay?!" "Where does it hurt?" they ask, shooting off rapid questions. "You need ice?" "Tell me and I will get it for you!"
The soggy Steve, after what seemed like forever in the shower, turned off the water and just stood there as the water droplets dripped down his body. It wasn't long before the fog from the hot water dissipated, leaving him with a cold chill in the room. Still being wet, he started to freeze, but he didn't move. His mind was too focus on his memories to dry off or to even move. Ever since he 'woke' up, he was haunted by his memories of the past, and knowing that they were all gone hit him harder than anything else. And now, there were flashbacks of Toni and her in danger. He was struggling.
"He'd tried," Natasha states as she pushes herself up. "Barnes already shot him down, saying he only cooks for two fellas and he isn't one of them." She's giving Tony a look, and it's like her eyes are drilling into him. "We left as Steve was laughing himself to death."
Toni exhaled slowly as she stood up and reached for the uniforms on the table. "How's Rogers?" she asked.
"Stop thinking so much," Steve said, his eyes never leaving her. "You're overthinking. I can practically hear it."
Barton and Romanoff were SHIELD agents with strong loyalties to Fury and SHIELD, not her or anyone else. They could- would turn on her in a heartbeat because they were
Clint was trying not laugh and it was clear to everyone around, but after a few seconds, it busted out. He couldn't keep it in, and it turned into a laughing fit. "So… that's…what…you meant!" he chuckled at Romanoff and Banner. "Mommy and Daddy are together."
Toni felt her eye twitch. "JARVIS," she whined. "You're not supposed to let people sneak up on me. You're slipping!"
'Brock' (a stupid name if you asked Toni) gave her a smile as he stepped back away from the Assassin and the Captain. "Which is probably why I am single. Darn, I knew I was doing it wrong."
"Why are you here?" Steve asked, finally able to get the words out. If this was any other time, he would love to have a get together with them. He would've loved to sit down and talk, but he wasn't up to talking, and he hated himself for it. These two were Howling Commandos. They were his comrades, who had risked their lives to follow him, but more importantly, they were his friends. They deserved his respect.
"Do you think this could've been an outside attack?" Fury asked, waiting for the right moment to mention the security breach.
Toni barely held back her snort. Rogers needed protection as much as Toni needed money. "A waste of tax payer money, I supposed," she mumbled.
Natasha pushes herself slightly up to get a better look at the Archer who has just entered the room. "You're late," she says. "But we didn't start yet. Can't pick a movie."
The Captain stood up and walked to the bar. Though it was impossible for him to get drunk, he would try. It was after he poured himself a glass of whiskey that he answered her. "Why is this mine fault? I didn't do anything to her. It isn't my fault that no one can talk to her."
she thought. That had to be why she couldn't remember! She opened her eyes and glanced down at her faded reactor which was exposed to the world to see. Why was her shirt open? What happened?
Toni rested her head against his chest and closed her eyes. She could feel Steve's protectiveness rolling of him, and she couldn't help but smile. Even in her exhaustion and shakes, she could feel his fondness for her, which left her wondering what she did to deserve him.
"To be Mr. Gumpy Pants?" She asked, putting all her weight on him (not that she weighted much). With a grin, she was plastered to his left arm, not letting go for anything. "You're stuck with me."
Toni had no idea of how the nurse got to her side so fast, and it startled her. "I don't like to be handed things." She wanted the water, but it went against her core to be handled something.
Toni knew what that meant; they wanted to talk about her without her in the room. Normally, she would make a scene and demand they say it in front of her face, but she doubted that would be wise in this situation. "Don't mind me," she waved the two off as she wondered off to the window.
It wasn't the first time that Steve had said those words, and Toni knew it wouldn't be the last, but those words did something to her. It was like they took over everything, filling her whole body with a weird feeling that she couldn't explain. It felt hard to breathe, but it didn't feel like someone was choking her. It didn't feel like someone was sitting on her chest. Her chest just tightened, and a warming feeling flow through her. Toni wasn't sure what all of that meant, but it was all that she could think about.
The plane was the same plane from before, and it still made her nervous to no end. Maybe, it was because she knew all the schematics and issues with these planes. Maybe, she knew the likelihood of these things being shot down from the sky. Maybe, she knew what this plane was missing in terms of technology, but whatever it was, she had to fight her flight urge to remain on-board and take a seat.
Toni almost jumped in Rogers' arm at that voice. "Barnes," she croaked. She tried to look at him but her body screamed out in pain. "You're alive."
Tony closes his eyes, as he leans into Barnes' chest. "We all have nightmares, Barnes," he says. It comes out harsher than he tends, and he hates himself for it, because Bucky's nightmares are ten times worse than the normal person. "I hadn't been sleeping at all either."
"Yes," Jones said from his seat at an old, wooden table. "We found you on the ground unconscious, and for a second, we feared you were dead."
"I didn't know you could get that loud," Howard stated as he rubbed his ears. "I think I'm deaf. I think the whole lab is death." They were in a decent size lab, which fit 6 lab tables and 4 large lab equipment, and like the lab before, Stark had 10 or so people with him. All of them were male.
However, it wasn't the Commander, which was what her brain had told her the second she heard the door. It was Colonel Phillips and he was staring at her with his normal frown. "Hello, Colonel," she said, trying to get her heartbeat down. She hated how jumpy and depressed she was lately. Even a glass of water could send chills through her.
There was a waitress at their table, waiting to take their orders. Though she wasn't making eye contact, she was completely red in the face as she looked at them. Rocking back and forward, she was riddled with nerves; the serving book shook in her wobbly hand. With her nervousness, the girl didn't look older than sixteen. "C-Can I take your order?"
She closed her eyes, but her grip did not loosen on the box. She didn't reply, hoping her silent would clue enough for him to leave her alone; however, Howard did not move from her side for what seemed like hours. He just sat there in silence next to her, staring at the rain, and it wasn't until the rain let up that Howard spoke again.
He needed that. He needed some kind of anchor, because this time period scared him—not that the tech frightened him. However, he was weary of it, weary of this time that was taking him more time than he expected to get used to. Sure, he loved the color TV that could take up an entire wall, but he hated how attached everyone was to it. People turned to technology for
"You're alive! You…you came, you came back," Peggy cried before she turned to Toni. "Oh, Toni, he's back. He's back." Tears were running her face before turning back to Steve. "He's back."
Before anyone could respond or interject, Loki was gone as Thor (if Steve recalled correctly) took him from the ship with little issue. It amazed Steve how easily Thor was able to grab his brother from a moving aircraft, and it took him a few seconds for him to comprehend that it happened. It was a hard adjustment for him, to know that there were beings like that in existence.
She squeezed her eyes shut as the pain flew through her body. The meds must be wearing off. She tried to move her arms to call the nurses for more meds, but her left arm was in a sling, a clear sign that it was broken. The other was handcuffed to the bed's railing as if she was a criminal. What the fuck? Why would they treat me like that? Sure, she knew she pissed SHIELD and the Avengers off and always had an act of sneaking off, but did they really have to handcuff her? Did they not trust her?
This may be fun and cheery, but it was also bittersweet. Toni was not Maria and Howard was not walking through that door no matter how much she wanted him to. However, there was nothing wrong with staying in this moment for a little bit longer, right?
Natasha didn't answer him right away, allowing a few long seconds to pass before she said anything. "I have to keep some of my secrets, Rogers, but for now on, I am bugging every one of her cars."
Clint took a deep breath as he walked to the cliff's edge. He eyed the first responders, glancing for a brief second at Maya Hansen, Toni's unexpected guess. "This isn't easy for anyone. This is killing us as well."
Toni didn't respond, not that she had much time to respond or even had anything to say really. The car, like a missile fired from a war ship, was heading directly for a tree, and there was nothing anyone could do to stop it. Even if Rollins could regain control, it was too late. The car was unstoppable, and when the it made contact, everything went black.
Getting over the shook of Toni just walking away from him, it took Barnes a few seconds for him to catch up to her. "Geez, slow down," he stated, giving her a smile again. "You don't have to be so scared."
Breathing heavy, Toni bolted up, almost too quickly. "Bucky, don't go." Tears lined her face as they dripped, creating a small puddle below her. Before she could catch her breath, someone grabbed hold of her shoulder, making her jump. Her heart raced at the contact.
Bruce let out a sigh. "I didn't. We didn't even know that she was gone. Trust me, I wouldn't have let her leave."
"Can we talk, Toni?" Barnes as he stepped toward her. He was dressed in his combat uniform, and even with his face all bruised up, he was sexy as hell.
When he was a few feet away from her, he spoke, "I'm surprise to find you here, Fire Rocket. Not that it's unpleasant." He gave her a creepy smile as he looked her over.
"Your guy attacked me in an alley. He slammed me against a wall," Toni yelled. She tried to stand but both of her arms were handcuffed to the table and she fall straight back. "I thought he was going to kill me."
It was one the things that the genius could smile about, as no matter what she was wearing, what day it was, or what she was doing, Toni was wearing a pair of converses to work: a win for the brunette while she filled in for Pepper on her month long vacation. -Again, why did Toni agree to this?- So in either a pair of pants or a skirt, Toni was wearing a pair of red and gold converse, and she didn't care about the looks she got from the Stark Industries' employees, not that she wasn't already used to the looks. If she wasn't getting looks, the genius would be worried.
"I don't even know if Peggy was telling me the truth. It could be a trap," she reasoned. If they wanted to catch her in the act and have a reason to hold her, that would be the way to go. "And how would I even know if he's in New York?" Stark Industries had offices across the country (even the world) and Howard had hidden labs that Toni couldn't begin to locate even with the future knowledge she had. So she could be risking her future to break in for a device that wasn't even there, and she wasn't sure she wanted to do that.
Toni wasn't quite sure why the professor blamed this on her. This wasn't her invention that exploded and sprayed paint everywhere. It was one of
She let out a sigh before she took the coat. She wasn't interested in playing the 'I like to be handed things,' as she just wanted them to leave her alone. "I know I'm hot, but you don't need to fall over your feet for me," she said as she fanned herself with her free hand.
She liked her rules, because they made things less sticky. Life wasn't complicated when she followed her damn rules, and her damn emotions wouldn't be affecting her so much. She wouldn't be a laughing stock.
Not knowing how he knew she was thinking that, Pepper gave him a look, but she didn't respond. She didn't have time for this argument, nor did she want to have this argument, because nothing they said would change her mind. It was for the best to get Toni out of this Tower and back home, where she would be able to breathe. She wouldn't have so many things weighting her down. She wouldn't have to worry about dying all the time.
Toni wasn't sure what he wanted to talk about with her and Rogers. If he wanted to talk about her device, he wouldn't need Rogers, and if it was about destroying the bases, they wouldn't need her. She hadn't been invited to those meetings, though it wasn't like she needed to be there. She didn't want to be there.
"Fine, but you better get me a cheeseburger." She said, turning the tablet off. She followed Rollins out against her better judgement, but would it be so bad if she died?
Steve only glanced at Bruce before he glared at the assassin, not caring about her annoyance as he was annoyed himself. "I will
Fighting to stay awake, Toni let out a howling laugh. Peggy's tone was cute as if she was a shy child asking for ice cream or something. "We girls can do a lot of thing." She let out another laugh. "Just tell me what you want to talk about?"
interest in talking to Clint about his personal life, not when he didn't know what to think. However, that could be said with anyone in Shield if he thought about it. Yes, Clint and Natasha were his comrades- Avengers, but he wasn't too sure if they were more than, even after the movie nights.
So Tony thinks and thinks, his brain running a thousand miles per minute as he tries to figure a way out of this hellhole.
Tony bristles at the thought. “My dad wanted to name me Peter,” Tony lies. Howard didn’t care what Tony was named, he was Omega after all. Tony refuses to name his precious son after that bastard. “But my mother insisted on Anthony, after her father. So we should name him Peter.”
After the two move out of earshot from the children, Rhodey jumps directly into it. “You said they had your weapons. Explain.”
Alpha Ruts happen 3-4 times a year after puberty in young, healthy Alphas. This dwindles up until 1-2 times a year as Alphas age. Omega Heats happen every 3 months (4 times per year) until menopause and they stop altogether. Heats are pretty regular but can be early/delayed by extreme stress, but never more than 3 weeks.
). There are cameras set up all around. But he also notices the lack of audio transmission of said cameras.
Tony enters the Hum-vee as the call ends, a glass of “Scotch” (spiced lemon tea) in hand. Rhodey comes up to his window. “I’m sorry. This is the Fun-vee. The Hum-drum-vee is over there.” Really, Tony didn’t have the strength to keep this “Tony Stane” farce up in front of Rhodey. Rhodey nods in understanding and walks off.
The Alpha notices that Tony has finally realized they are being watched. “That’s right. Smile. We met once, you know, at a technical conference in Bern.”
“Two percent,” JARVIS informs as Tony loses control of flight for a moment, “We are running on emergency backup power.”
“I cared for him,” the younger man admits, “He’s the best Alpha I’ve ever known, other than Happy. He was good to me, better than Obie’s ever been. His name was Yahya.”
have noticed). For once, Steve was glad for the insanity of New York City, one that allowed for insanely popular public figures to just exist without anyone blinking an eye.
The Beta hesitantly raises her hands as she walks towards Tony. “Oh wow. They are small. Very petite indeed. I just need your help for a sec.”
“You have, actually, excellent bone structure, there,” Tony continues, “I'm kind of having a hard time not looking at you now. Is that weird?” They all laugh. “Come on, it’s okay, laugh.”
“They both had created a professional standing with their names and couldn’t exactly change that, but I was only 4. So they changed my name to Yinsen Ho, or rather Ho Yinsen by American standards. It helped a little, especially professionally because at least on paper I didn’t seem like a foreigner. But I still look like one. It didn’t matter that my Mandarin was perfect and that I had lived there my whole life. China wasn’t a land of immigrants the way America is, or even a lot of Western countries. Even the foreigners that usually do live there, are European white.”
“Actually,” Rhodey says, “You won’t be doing anything. From Stane will be leaving now and checked over at home. So if you would please bring us the discharging forms, that would be much appreciated.”
Zeke pulls away first and immediately as though he’d been struck by lightning. Happy takes the chance to give the baby Beta to the Omega, Jamie already reaching out so far he was nearly out of Happy’s grasp. Tony immediately takes his toddler son, peppering kisses on the little boy’s face. “Oh my god, Happy’s right! You need food, Mom!” Zeke exclaims.
Tony starts to pull the wires off his torso. “Well, I can’t exactly ask Rhodey or Happy with their big man hands. It’s either you or Zeke, really, and I don’t think this is something either of us wants to subject on that kid right now.”
“You know how the board is. I could just barely stop them from appointing a new head of R&D with you gone.” Obie taps on the metal of Tony’s arc reactor. “Let me have the engineers analyze this. You know, draw up some specs.”
“Are you sure? It’s to the Foo Fighters,” Tony shrugs, “Doesn’t exactly go with the flow of the party so far.”
“That will be all, Miss Potts.” The PA turns and walks out of the workshop, though Tony didn’t notice the little device she had in hand as she did.
The man walks closer to Tony, so close that Tony can feel his breath on Tony’s face. “You tell me,” he says in English, “What were you two doing when you were hiding away from the cameras?”
“Yeah, sure,” the Omega says weakly, not knowing what else he should say. His hand flies to his stomach as the thought comes to him. “Is my baby okay?” Tony asks almost frantically.
“So,” Steve continues, desperately not wanting this conversation to end, “you ever figure out why Mr. Bassett was only stealing your packages.”
“I’m going to keep this short,” Tony starts, looking out into the crowd of cameras and journalists. “On February 13, I was in a convoy that got attacked, and I was the target. I was taken by these insurgents and held for the last three months. They tortured me, but they did not rape me. Fortunately, on May 1, just a day ago, top Air Force officers found and liberated me. That is all I will say on the matter; I would like to go home to my son now. I will not be taking any questions. Thank you and goodbye.”
“Master Stane has arrived,” JARVIS announces as Tony enters the kitchen, “and it would seem that he has brought home a…friend.”
Obie is no help. In fact, he piles more work onto Tony when he brings home an unfinished SI project of Howard’s. Tony tries to decline, citing exhaustion and reluctance to design weapons.
Steve didn’t know how he could get Tony to understand. He was no longer Captain America, hero and martyr of World War II. He was Commander Rogers, one of HYDRA’s best assets.
“Hi,” Zeke responds casually, “I’m Ezekiel Stane. You can call me Zeke. Nanny Clara says you’re gonna be my momma now.”
Mr. Bassett lives in 5D, across from 5J and two doors down from Steve’s own 5A. Steve has seen the occupant of 5J around a handful of times, but he doesn’t know much about him (except the fact that he is extremely cute). Steve has, however, overheard the man of 5J complaining to the landlord about his packages going missing for months now. It seems that the man took matters into his own hands and that Mr. Bassett has fallen into his trap.
The Alpha walks towards Tony. “The bow and arrow,” he continues as he pulls down the neck of Tony’s top to expose the arc reactor before moving onto one of their work stations, “once was the pinnacle of weapons technology. It allowed the great Genghis Khan to rule from the Pacific to the Ukraine. An empire twice the size of Alexander the Great and four times the size of the Roman Empire.”
Steve used the shock of the two other people in the room to stride toward Tony and press a searing kiss onto the genius, again taking advantage of his surprise to slip his tongue into Tony’s pliant mouth. Tony must’ve been really surprised because, for a moment, he melted into Steve’s touch. Steve hoped to convey all of his passion, desire, and especially into this one kiss.
“Tony you made it,” the redhead exclaims, “When you didn’t come in with Obie, I thought you weren’t coming.”
“All the good in my life infinitely outweighs the bad. I have no regrets.” Tony gives the teenager a kiss on the forehead and leaves him to his nightly routine.
Tony smirks, “Sure you don’t.” Tony winks at his children who are hiding their giggles behind their hands. The budding romance between their favorite aunt and uncle was something of an open secret.
Tony wakes up with a start, completely conscious and coherent this time. There’s a tube in his nostril. Groaning, he pulls and pulls on the long thin tube until he completely rips it out. He tries to reach for something on the table next to him and ends up knocking it over. Then Tony notices the other presence in the room (if you could call the space he was in a room). There’s an Alpha man, humming and shaving in front of a small mirror, completely nonchalant.
Tony is very surprised to hear that his Alpha was home later that day. Obie probably wants to tell him about the board meeting. The Alpha is playing the piano when Tony has gotten to the living room, and Pepper is on the couch. “How did it go?” The Omega asked. There is a box of New York-style pizza on the table. “It went that bad, huh?”
Tony takes Pepper to the side and hands her a drive. “I need you to go to my office, on Monday. Not today, Obie will be expecting it, and there will be no one else around during the weekend, so go on Monday. You’re going to hack into the mainframe and you’re going to retrieve all the recent shipping manifests. This is a lock chip. This’ll get you in. It’s probably under Executive Files. If not, they put it on a ghost drive, in which case you need to look for the lowest numeric heading. This’ll give me information on them dealing under the table.”
They have dinner together the few days that they are together, usually with Zeke as well. Obie asks about Tony’s projects, hoping to prod out something that may be useful to the business. Tony asks about SI to keep the conversation from an awkward silence. Zeke stays quiet, his father never addressing him. Tony tries to talk about things he and Zeke do, but that’s usually met with a noncommittal hum, and Tony later stops trying.
Tony enters the party and immediately zips to the bar. “Hi, can I get the best mocktail this place has to offer? I am starving.”
Tony sits in that for a minute before his resolve turns steely. Why was he even considering giving up? He had to get back to his family. To Rhodey. To Pepper. To Happy. To Zeke. To Peter. To Harley. To Jamie. He had to get back home.
Steve was tense with anticipation the whole subway ride there. It was a short ride, just one quick stretch on the 5 train from 86th Street to Grand Central. But Steve was still tense with anticipation. Maybe that was why no one approached Captain America; Steve doubted he seemed friendly in any shape or form.
. Tony has had a bit of sake to go with the sashimi and two glasses of champagne. While he wanted to drink, Tony knew as someone who has only had alcohol a handful of times due to the restrictions placed on him, he would not be able to handle much more.
“Up,” the Omega told Dum-E, and of course the bot took that all too far and went all the way down to the bottom of the mechanized boot they were working on.
And just as expected, Obie video calls just as the presentation ends. Obie may not have greenlit the touchscreen camera phones that Tony built, but he sure loves using them. (Tony will forever be bitter about the way Obie and the Board touted how unmarketable the devices were as the reason not to invest, only for Apple to blow up a couple of years later due to their rudimentary version of the device.)
bit unhinged with his spending lately, but he couldn’t help himself. After the Independent Finances for Omegas Act was put into law in states like New York and California, Tony was finally able to have his own bank accounts, his own debit cards, and his own credit cards. He is finally in control of his own money. He no longer needs Alpha authorization to buy anything, not something as overly priced as Pollock or something as insignificant as toothpaste. It’s only been a few months, but Tony has been (rightfully) going wild. (Pepper and Rhodey have been delighted to instigate Tony’s expenditures.)
It takes a couple of days. But he finally finishes. Well, he finishes the first part. As Tony puts a couple of last touches on the device, it glows a bright white color, illuminating his and Yinsen’s faces.
Tony starts a Ph.D. program in the fall after his first year of marriage. This time, Obie is hesitant in his permission, probably thinking of what Howard said that night. Nevertheless, he relents in the end, probably remembering that after Howard (who was pushing 80) either retires or dies, they would have to rely on Tony’s genius to keep the company going.
Zeke is quiet for the first few days after finding out. Much more quiet than he has ever been since that first day at home together. Three days in, Tony could not take the silence any longer. “Honey,” Tony begins as they are quietly eating lunch together, “Why have you been so quiet?”
Tony can’t help but think. “Yeah, but they can test as early as a week. I went in for a regular checkup and I found out. I was surprised too,” Tony says, lying through his teeth.
Steve decided that he would go the direct approach. He would go to the Tower, straight up to Tony’s penthouse, or more likely rather Tony’s workshop. Either they would think he was Captain America and let him through because of that, or if Tony knows where the Steve Rogers of this world is, then Tony would simply let him in out of curiosity and to assess a possible threat. And if that doesn’t work, Steve has something of a risky trick up his sleeve.
“We can’t be sure if the cause of death was from the immense amount of electricity that ran through him and his suit, or whether it was from colliding from the arc reactor,” the agent continues, “I’m sorry for your loss.”
“Tell me,” Rhodey interrupts quietly, but the anger in his low voice was palpable, “that they didn’t touch you. Tell me that they didn’t—” Rhodey choked before he could get the words out.
Something explodes and the left side of the vehicle is riddled with holes from shrapnel. Tony’s ears are ringing.
That was Afghanistan. My favorite part was the progression of Tony and Yahya's (Yinsen) relationship. Peep the many comparisons made with Obie.
Tony goes down to the workshop, needing to continue working on his project. He has JARVIS turn on the news as he fits a metal gauntlet onto his hand, taking a screwdriver to its wiring as he focuses his attention on the screen.
Alphas were once considered all to be male and Omegas were once considered to all be female, regardless of secondary sexual features due to Alphas' inability to carry and Omegas' inability to impregnate. Both Alphas and Omegas revolted against this idea in the early 1600s because males and females in Alphas and Omegas felt like they were different from one another and it helped that their biological features supported that. The M/F distinction already existed in Betas and was then applied to Alphas and Omegas. However, this paved the way for the transgender movement as it was already proved that gender had to do with emotions and psychology and not just societal norms. So the M/F distinction is seen as gender while A/B/O is considered sex.
Four months into the pregnancy, however, things change. They can finally find out the sex of the baby, primary and secondary. Tony lays down on the examination bed with his shirt bunch up over his pregnant belly which had cold gel spread all over it. His whole family is there because his husband decides to make a spectacle out of it. The doctor is chipper and smiles through the whole appointment. “There and there,” she says pointing to two different places on the screen, “Congratulations! You are the parents of an Omega son!”
Tony nearly throws the door open in his enthusiasm. As soon as the door opened, two small, blurred figures barreled into him. “Momma!” They bawl in unison.
The Avengers were also different here. Their existence is only first noted about 3 years ago at the Battle of New York, a stark contrast to the decade that the Avengers were active in his world. (Steve noted the advantage; the Avengers Initiative here was a fledgling compared to the one he has faced off against.) There was no Janet Van Dyne or Hank Pym on the team, although they did exist in this world, but were much, much older, seemingly in the same generation as Howard Stark (apparently in this world, Stark and Pym had a fierce rivalry). The Avengers team still had a Bruce Banner that became a mean, green rage monster and other-worldly prince Thor. The biggest difference, the one that shocked him to his core, was that a version of Steve Rogers, as Captain America, was an Avenger. Apparently in this world, he had been thawed out later and by SHIELD instead of HYDRA. Steve couldn’t help but chuckle darkly at that, if only he had been so lucky. Well, maybe not so lucky. The dump of SHIELD information on the Internet, though some of it seems to be missing and more and more keeps disappearing (likely the work of JARVIS), clearly shows that HYDRA had infiltrated SHIELD a long time ago, another very big difference between this world and the world Steve belonged to.
“Yes, they did,” Pepper answers, warmth shining in her eyes, “They even made me this card.” Pepper holds up a hand-drawn birthday card with a bunch of figures representing their family. Tony’s heart swelled. His children were such angels.
It was worse because Steve could’ve stopped this. He was only a few feet away. If he had just heard. If he had just taken his time to get in the shower. If he had just laid with Tony content in bed for just a little bit longer.
With that, Obie walks away, leaving his Omega paralyzed and on the brink of cardiac arrest. Tony can feel the life slowly drain out of him. He can’t believe this is how it ends after everything. He’s not all that surprised he’s to die at the hands of his Alpha. He thinks of all the years he’s going to miss. He’s not going to see Zeke graduate high school and college. He’s not going to see Harley and Peter grow up. He’s not even going to get to see Jamie turn three. And his baby. His baby is never going to get the chance to live, doomed because they're still growing inside of him.
“I know what you can do,” Steve almost pleaded to the Tesseract, “I know the power you hold. Please bring me back to him. I just want him back.”
Tony stays married to his barely-present, abusive husband. He raises his four kids secretly in his home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, with Zeke being the only one known to the public. When Obie tries to send Zeke away, Tony fights him tooth and nail. Only after beating him bloody, does Obie relent and let Zeke go to Hillside School for Boys, a boarding school near home so he could come home often.
“The Tesseract is located in the lab storage room on the 82nd floor.” If the AI had teeth to grind, the HYDRA operative was sure that JARVIS would’ve been doing just that. Steve didn’t care.
Tony Stark’s wedding day is, unfortunately, a grand affair. It was to be expected of the only Omega son of Howard Stark. There are hundreds and hundreds of guests ranging from Hollywood celebrities to royalty. The topmost politicians from around the world and Fortune 500 CEOs are all present. It’s also highly publicized, all networks from Fox News to TMZ being present. It will be the most popular celebrity wedding since the Royal Wedding of Princess Diana and Prince Charles. The world watches with bated breath.
“Deflect it and absorb it. Don’t transmit it back to me,” Tony says playfully. Peter and Harley giggle and their mother and aunt’s interaction. Tony plops in between the two and starts tickling them, making them giggle more.
Tony zips up the dirty hoodie he woke up in,  feeling uncomfortable and self-conscious. His eyes dart across the cave (which he has realized is where he is being kept,
Letting his anger and despair fuel him, Steve made his way to the Avengers Headquarters. Though he was currently in Manhattan and the Avengers Headquarters was in upstate New York, he made it in record time on his motorcycle. It wasn’t exactly like Steve was an upstanding citizen of the law and he wasn’t going to start now. Once he got about half a mile from the building, Steve stopped and got off his bike. He was going to make the rest of the way there on foot. He couldn’t risk them figuring out he was on his way. Steve then took out the phone he swiped from Tony’s room and made a call.
Dr. Begum wraps the stethoscope around her neck as she finishes checking the Omega up. “Everything looks fine. You and the baby are both in good condition. But maybe stay away from things that will blow you for the next nine months.”
“The suit’s at 48% power and falling, sir. That chest piece was never designed for sustained flight. Keep me posted. And call Pepper.
“A child's simple question, ‘Where are my mother and father?’ There's very little hope for these refugees, refugees who can only wonder who, if anyone, will help.”
“That’s on purpose. I didn’t want my kids to grow up the way I did, with cameras flashing and everyone having an opinion on their lives. Zeke was already known, but I did my best to make sure he stayed out of the press. It’s hard to keep them all a secret when I love them so much and would like nothing better than to show off my amazing children. But it’s better for them this way.”
His fellow captive helps him through the entire process, even though he has no idea what Tony is planning or doing. He learns the Alpha’s name. Yinsen.
“You’re a Beta woman and I’m an Omega, no one would ever jump to that conclusion, but I could fire you if that would take the edge off.”
Tony goes up to the plane and climbs up the airstair, and subsequently towards Rhodey. “Three hours. For three hours you got me standing here,” Rhodey exclaims.
“From Stane is a bonded Omega,” Rhodey interrupts, “And without Mr. Stane’s permission or presence, you cannot legally examine From Stane. So the papers please.”
“Well, it was nice to finally talk to you, Steve, but I’ve got some deadlines to work on. Hopefully, we see each other again soon,” Tony sends what Steve is almost certain is a flirtatious smirk, “I would
The man starts to speak in Urdu, looking at Tony but presumably speaking to Yahya. Unbeknownst to anyone in the room, save for Tony himself and Yahya, Tony can actually understand Urdu.**** It is very close to Hindi, which Tony has learned for the sake of the SI division in Delhi. Tony, however, does not make this known and continues to play dumb.
“Just do as I do. Come on, put your hands up.” The Alpha puts his hands behind his head, and Tony hesitantly follows.
In a panic, Tony scrambles to feel up his chest, ignoring the tug of the IV attached to him. He sighs in relief. His arc reactor is still there, still covered.
Mr. Bassett is born and bred Frenchman, having immigrated to the United States in the early seventies for his American sweetheart who passed away a bit over six years ago. Though that may sound sweet, don’t let it fool you. Mr. Bassett has since spent every second of his life miserably insulting and complaining about his life in America. He was snarky and did not have a polite bone in his body. He insisted on being called
Good riddance. Tony nods, hoping to seem solemn. Tony pecks the Alpha goodbye and waits for him to be out the door before he turned to Pepper.
“I’m fine, honey bear. I sent Pepper a voicemail and had JARVIS call her as soon as Zeke woke up. And technically, he hit me. Now, are you going to come by and see what I’m working on?”
Steve finally left the library and started making his way to the large, ugly building on the horizon that was the pride and joy of the love of his life. He knew that he should probably take some more time to do some recon. On a normal mission, he would usually spend at least two days gathering information on his target, not just a couple of hours’ worth of Internet searching. But this wasn’t a normal mission, and Steve didn’t know how much longer he could go without Tony Stark in his life, especially knowing just how close he was. He wanted Tony now. Steve couldn’t wait another two days, one day, an hour, or even a minute.
Tony groans. “It’s in June. Please, don’t harangue me about stuff that’s way, way down…” As grateful as Tony is for his experience at MIT, he disdained the way they championed his existence as a highly successful Omega alum of theirs to indicate the school’s progressiveness. Never mind that Tony had been the only Omega when he attended (at both the undergraduate and graduate levels), and even after years of Tony haranguing the institution, Omegas now only make up around 3% of the admissions.
Samantha took pity on Tony and turned the Major’s attention over to her, asking about his work. Rhodey immediately turns his ramblings toward the flight attendant. Tony was finally able to escape and join the flight attendants in their activities.
As they slowly walk up the stairs, Tony tells Pepper some of what happened. “You saw what happened in Gulmira, right?” Pepper nods. “Well, they had SI weapons and I couldn’t let that stay. Gulmira was Yahya’s hometown. His family could’ve been there, my baby’s family could be there. I had to do it.”
Putting the arc reactor in was stressful. At least for Tony, who had a mini panic attack thinking about removing something from his body that was keeping him alive, no matter that it was just an electromagnet connected to a car battery. Yinsen is patient with him, talks him through his panic and reassures Tony he knows what he is doing, even in such an unprecedented situation. Tony is inclined to believe him. The man did successfully perform heart surgery on him with limited resources in a cave after he had a hole blown into his torso.
Tony’s arms tightened around Steve’s waist. Steve could easily slip out of it with his superior strength, but he wouldn’t. He wouldn’t hurt Tony like that. Not like this. “No you don’t,” Tony said sleepily.
Yahya gets up breathlessly after they are gone. Tony runs up to the Alpha and throws his arms around him. Yahya doesn’t say anything, just holds the Omega even closer.
Steve knew that he couldn’t just barge into Stark, or rather Avengers, Tower and haul Tony away over his shoulder like a caveman. As much as Steve would like to grab Tony at this very moment and take him away from the Avengers, from Captain America, from the rest of the world, he couldn’t do that. Tony would hate that, and it would just make the genius resent him. Tony would never truly be his if he forced him away. No, Steve had to coax Tony away. He had to get into Tony’s good graces and slowly win him over before he could whisk Tony away from the rest of the world so they could live their lives together without anyone interfering, not HYDRA, not Bucky Barnes, not the Avengers, and definitely not Steve’s counterpart.
“Tell me clearly what’s happening here,” the Alpha continues in Urdu as he does something at the work station that Tony can’t see from where he is.
After dropping Harley and Peter off, Tony doesn’t go straight to the private airfield where his jet was waiting for him. He made a pit stop in Pasadena that was technically out of the way. Luckily, he found the reason for his abrupt change in destination sitting on the lawn of the building.
Yinsen carefully takes the electromagnet out of the casing and sets it aside. He has a couple of minutes now to make the switch. The Alpha takes the glowing white device and places it in the cavity in Tony’s chest, attaching all the necessary wires. He steps back and it’s done.
Pepper looks up at Tony in surprise. This is probably not the best way for her to find out, but Tony needed to tell Obie now rather later.
Tony can’t go to his father’s highly publicized funeral as they are still hiding the fact that he is pregnant from the press. Obie cites Tony being in Heat as the reason why. Tony doesn’t care.
Tony remembers Yahya telling him about Gulmira, how it was once a lively place before the Ten Rings sunk their claws into it a couple of years ago.
Looking into Peter’s shining eyes, wide with curiosity, Tony knows that he needs to start restricting access to the kids. He needs to keep them safe, but he can’t stop working on this. He hopes they will understand.
Tony sees the doctor out and comes back to all his children and Pepper, who he had called to watch the kids while he was with the doctor, in the living room. He watches Pepper eye the gaping hole where the piano once stood as she walks toward him. He needs to barricade and baby-proof that ASAP.
“Is there a reason? Is there a reason, he asks,” Mr. Bassett hollers, a slight French accent still present in his voice even after half a century of living on this side of the globe, “That insolent little brat of 5J has glued me to the floor. My hands are stuck on this infernal box. And no matter how much I yell, that bastard has not come out of hiding. If I ever see that tiny rascal ever again, he’s going to get it!”
Mr. Bassett huffs, but ultimately wiggles out of his orthopedic tennis shoes and hobbles barefoot the few feet to his apartment, the door slamming closed behind him.
“That is an electromagnet, hooked up to a car battery, and it’s keeping the shrapnel from entering your heart.”
Tony gets 3 more PhDs, one in Physics, one in Mechanical Engineering, and one in Artificial Intelligence (the first of its kind). He builds JARVIS (Just A Rather Very Intelligent System) in honor of his true father. Tony continues to build weapons for SI at the behest of his husband, lest he incurs his wrath, but also works on medical devices, computers, any sort of technological innovation, Tony Stane has for sure had a hand in it.
Because Steve knows HYDRA, he knows he would never be able to escape. HYDRA will find him. They always find him. No matter what he does or where he goes, they always get him back, wipe him, and it was like it never happened. Short of going to another planet, there was no way he could break free, and Steve would even put space travel past them. No one leaves HYDRA unless it’s with a bullet between their eyes.
Of course, nothing goes Tony’s way. On Monday evening, Tony goes to take a call from Pepper when he is literally paralyzed. The phone is ripped out of his grasp as he hears Pepper call out for him from the other side of the line.
“Yeah?” Tony answered quietly, because there are moments when even just being loud can destroy everything.
“Are you gonna just stare at me?” he asked loudly at one point, because he had noticed Clint getting into the room five minutes before and he had yet said anything.
Darcy retreated into another room at that point, shrugging off Bucky’s hand from her shoulder, because she didn’t want her sobs to upset Peter more than he already was. She met Gwen just a few times, they weren’t really friends… And yet she felt such a sadness in her heart that made her wonder how people went on, when bad things happened all the time.
And here we are! Thank you all for walking by my side in the new adventure that was writing a fanfic in English. It's been amazing ahah
He stood up, pacing back and forth in distress. Rey, still on the couch, followed him with her eyes.
The thought scared him more than he was comfortable in admitting and not just because he was incapable of having good, healthy relationships - not even with Pepper and that woman was a saint! -, not even because the entire world would have accused him of ruining America’s Golden Boy. Not even, Tony thought, because I’ve never really learned how to love and how to be lov- he stopped abruptly, closing the memories of his father in a corner of his mind.
“May the Allfather protect us all,” Thor muttered taking a step forward. Jane, his beloved, was in danger and he would
“There’s not a lot to say,” Alex groaned. He was holding his sister and Steve felt that, for once, he was doing it for himself and not for her.
“I-I did nothing,” Peter replied. The X-Men jet had just parked on the terrace in front of them, but honestly it was Steve, who was making him the most uncomfortable.
“Yeah, so… Ultron’s dead. Tony - with Bruce’s help,” Steve added, refusing to look at any of them, “made a mistake, but we fixed it.”
“I was… I was a jerk, yes,” Tony admitted, “but I was also really scared! You shocked me a little, okay?!”
Alex sobbed loudly at that, but then refused to admit to himself how badly it hurt. Of course he doesn’t know me, he thought, desperate.
It was Rey and her expression, so fragile and happy at the same time, and her arms around him. It was his hands on her back and her broken voice in his ear.
He took a deep breath. “Which is good, because I want to tell you a little bit of how things went. And I don’t think she should listen to that. Live it again would only break her even more.”
“You’re back,” Alex murmured from his spot near the window, when the Avengers made their return to the Tower. He moved to hug Steve and then he hesitated, looking briefly at Tony before hugging him too.
He smiled sadly. “I remember something, though. Aunt Nat was in the kitchen with uncle Bucky and she… She said that Rey had seen everything that happened to dad. That she wouldn’t talk about it - that she wouldn’t talk at all. She never did, after that day.”
It was, at that point, at least fifty percent his fault, if Electro was capable of using his distraction. Well, Thor’s too, but he had noticed a jet approaching and had looked at it, turning his back to the situation, for only a second - the exact time it took Alex to see Rey vanish under the sand.
“Okay, let’s make things clear: you wanted me to work in the Tower and yes, you’re technically my boss, but
Steve nodded. He realized in a few months after their first meeting that Tony liked both women and men, and after the way his relationship with Pepper ended Steve thought his next important story was bound to be with a man.
“And we just couldn’t miss the scene,” Bucky added, feeling his heart full of affection for those kids and, above all, for his best friend. He had a “proper” family now, a good one too, and Bucky was just vibrating happiness for him.
He coughed and sobbed and then laughed once more, in a mix of histeria and pain that made Tony sit quickly and make him sit as well. “Breathe, Alex.”
Spider-man gave his location and Iron Man, Captain America and Thor ran there; they considered that the Avengers all weren’t needed and so they sent only the ones capable of flying. Steve, who hugged Tony during the flight, went mostly as a figure - you wouldn’t guess how many people gave up under Captain America’s “
He coughed, eyes filled with tears. “We didn’t ever realize Xavier’s school had been attacked, you know? But one day Ultron’s robots could absorb and channel solar power just like Bobby… And so we knew.”
The boy was cute too, Steve thought. It was like he was trying with everything he had to be positive and strong, but was just really, really tired.
“And if you could just give me a chance, Alex, I… I could… Look, I can change. I can learn. Just, don’t run.”
Clint had started caring. He was sure he liked them, but to the point of talking to him like his other-universe-version - his
“Friday has already ordered pizza, so in a few minutes we can eat - while we talk about the other universe.”
Sometimes it was almost like they were getting younger every day they spent there, safe and with adults taking care of them. Like they let themselves be relaxed like normal kids should have been - they were older, now, after all.
“No,” Alex hissed. “No way. Not in our world, not for us. You didn’t, you…” there was panic in his eyes - and in Rey’s too. She was having difficulties to breathe.
“Filter, hashtag and… Posted!” Darcy smiled. “People are going crazy, you know? They’re dying to know who Legend and Hush really are.”
“After six months, only a few of you were still here, still fighting. Then…” he choked and shot a look at his sister, who was shivering. “Let’s say that… Your body,” and he nodded to Tony, “was found. Only Nat, Bucky, Bruce and… Steve were alive at that point. I mean in the Avengers.”
“I guess you’re Alex,” the oldest murmured after a minute. The air was warm and the sun was going down, creating a beautiful red and orange light, and yet Peter found himself shivering. He crossed his arms and soon felt Rey move to rest her head on his shoulder.
The two of them were incredibly more relaxed and, Alex noticed with a big smile, happier. It was different from the way his parents had looked at each other for his entire life, because you could sense in the air the fact that it was all new, all amazing. The classic honeymoon phase.
“It’s a matter of experience too,” Natasha said firmly, still as ever on her chair. She looked the man who had asked the question right into the eyes until he lowered his, and then she grinned.
“No, Pietro. I loved him, okay? And he died. You… You just have his face. Nothing more. I loved him for the person he was and the person he was had been created by everything that happened.”
“That’s what we’re saying,” Natasha exclaimed while Steve turned red and strengthened his grip on the glass of juice he was holding. Tony, without even thinking about it, took the glass and put it on the table.
“You were all out, trying to fight this new Hulk out of the city and avoid most of the destruction - almost pointless, because half of New York was already dead or locked up. Ultron had found a way to foresee who would have had mutant kids in the future, so he would either kill them or take them someplace no one ever found,” he explained after a while in silence. “So, we were waiting for you to come back… And you just never did.”
, and I’m feeling weird and heavy, but Rey’s falling really fast and I need to reach her. I’m a few feet away when
They stopped when they reached some of the Avengers, who had SHIELD by their side and who were talking to the reporters. The Sinister Six were nowhere to be seen, except for Electro, who was being handcuffed in that exact second. An agent took him away, but Alex didn’t really care about him - he just wanted to see his sister.
In the meantime, Tony was working on the kids’ fake identities, on the school they’ve been to, their born certificates etc, because he was adamant about protecting them from any kind of doubt. If someone found out the truth… He didn’t even want to think about it.
“But, as I said, you don’t have to do anything. None of you have,” Alex murmured and he took another step toward the open door.
“This is not the time,” Steve shut him up with a kiss - he had the power to do so, now, and he felt over the moon in doing it.
For a second, in a flash, Steve thought about how could have been to have a kid like her. A beautiful, little child with his hair and his eyes (she kind of looked like him) and - no, not her attitude. She was too scared. Too in pain. Too damaged.
“Okay, we’ve done worse than being Avengers, in our world! And honestly, even before your death I wanted to join!” Alex explained, kicking Rey’s foot under the table to make her join in his happiness. She jumped, surprised.
“You know, you never told us where you were staying, in the other universe,” Jane wondered before taking a huge bite of spaghetti.
When she shook her head, he silently asked Alex for help; he hugged Rey and took her hands in his, forcing her to let go of Steve and pressing her onto his body at the same time. She grunted, but didn’t otherwise complain while the three men went showering.
Rey, in particular, had her mouth slightly open. She was trying to talk again - and they all wondered how her voice would have been. But she did not speak; it was a painful scene to watch. All Steve wanted to do, at that point, was hold her and make sure she was okay. However, she was looking at Tony, tears in her eyes.
“I know,” Alex smiled softly, “but we’re not underfed. We ate. Maybe not a lot, but still. It was just… We tried to give everyone food first.”
made them come here. They never asked for it. So stop being an asshole, okay? They may not be your kids in this world, but they sure as hell are in the other one.”
“I don’t really know where to start. I guess… I guess we can start with you. From here,” Alex murmured. “There was a cradle. You,” and he looked at Tony, “created a crib, a cradle. It was meant to hold a fetus for nine months… Until the baby was ready to… Be born.”
, he will,” added Bruce, mentally kicking himself. “I was just saying that Tony was already worried and then you got hurt on his watch and he’s probably blaming himself and he’s also probably freaking out ‘cause he thinks he’s never gonna be good enough to take care of you alone, without Steve, and… You know what?” Bruce exclaimed seeing their expressions. “I’m shutting up now.”
Alex put his hands on Mjolnir and grunted, lifting it more and more as every moment passed. When Rey helped him, putting her hands on it too, they managed to move it on the side and sit.
If they tried… If they tried being a couple and then everything went to hell, how would the kids react? How would they handle the Avengers fall-out?
The kids had fallen on a skyscraper roof, one on top of the other, and the suits immediately started retreating, revealing Alex’s angry face and Rey’s worried one.
Rey nodded, before shooting a dubious look at Alex, who shrugged and moved his head, as to say “go”.
“Everything was destroyed. It was… It was horrible, with all those people laying there, covered in blood an-” he stopped, biting down a cry.
The waves sound increased even more and an image started forming on the thing - Steve had no idea how to call that freaking circle. “Is that...” he started saying, just when Natasha spoke.
Pietro was buried in his past, in the pain, the fear and the guilt of that time, and it wasn’t fair that now he came back into his life that way; even worse, he had his face but not his memories, his smile but not the same love in his eyes.
He parked and waited for Rey to get off the bike, before doing the same. She looked at him with a weird face and she observed the street they were in.
Tony stood up and smiled, and the girl looked about to break apart. The boy, however, seemed to hold it better than her; he took her hand and all the Avengers, with Darcy and Jane too, moved to leave two spots on the couches.
The girl nodded. She was touching the couch in awe, almost surprised that she was really able to do so, and she was cute as hell.
She stared at the Avengers and she opened her mouth as to speak, when she saw Tony and stopped. She took a step back too and Steve wondered for a second what kind of universe they’ve had to be in, for looking at them in that way.
Maybe he shouldn’t have. Maybe he should have stayed quiet - because Alex’s entire body tensed and his eyes got filled with tears, that kind of tears that come from a man who never allows himself to cry.
“Mr. Stark! Mr. Stark! Over here!” a woman called loudly, moving her hand to gain the superhero’s attention.
Alex coughed. “Mh, well… There was a… Like a cave, with a water-carved tunnel that led to a… Like a system of different caves. It was… Big a-and it had a subterranean river. So, you know…” he kept stopping to breathe and to find the right words, immediately pale and sweating.
Alex stood up and started pacing, while Rey hugged a pillow and rested her head on the couch, watching him going back and forth.
Tony, more used than him to the unwanted attention, smiled his best press-smile. “Aren’t you glad, kiddo? We’re together now! And sex is a part of the relationship!”
Alex breathed heavily, looking first at Steve then at Tony and the rest of the group, all listening very carefully.
“She’s Reyna Rogers-Stark, called Rey. She’s Master Stark’s and Captain Rogers’ daughter from another universe; on the gym floor there’s her twin brother, Alexander Rogers-Stark.”
In the garage, Steve led Rey to his bike and laughed at her amazed expression. “Did I have one in your world too?”
Rey was crying, eyes locked first with Tony and then with Steve, and the latter exhaled in shock a breath he didn’t know he was holding.
Steve moved to the couch and sat down with a worried expression. They knew nothing about those kids, not even if they had a family back in their world. If they needed medications or if they were human at all. Maybe they had powers. Maybe they were dangerous.
“Now, you two,” Rhodey called them, “wow! Just wow! You are super cute,” he smiled to Rey, “and you look just like some sort of upgraded version of Tony.”
“What happened?” almost everyone asked. Bruce and Jane were the only ones not to, because they were organizing a plate full of fruit and two bottles of water.
The others turned to look at him, surprised; no one had thought about asking them such a question and now they all felt stupid.
” his voice was shouted, high in panic, and the sound of the city almost disappeared under his fear. “The Green Goblin has Gwen!”
Tony smiled and hugged him and so did Steve - Rey, kind of crushed in the middle, smiled as well and enjoyed that moment.
Natasha lowered the hand which she had knocked with and she entered the bathroom the Avengers used after the training sessions. She immediately observed as much as she could: the boy had a big scar on his back, that started under the neck and ended on his right ribs. The girl had a scar almost identical from the center of her back to the lower-right part, just as if she had been partially protected by him from something.
Now they were both tense. The girl, Rey, was still silent, but looked ready to jump and run away. It was Alex, holding her hand, to keep her on the couch.
“Well,” Steve bit his lips for a second, taking the question on himself, “I think all of us, even just for a matter of age gap, feel a sort of protectiveness toward them.”
Clint breathed in and out slowly. “New York’s divided. Half thinks of Spidey as the hero we know he is, the other half sees him as a criminal vigilante.”
“I’ve been in your position, you know?” Alex muttered after a couple of seconds, voice strained by pain and eyes fixed on the sky. He moved the pack of cigarettes and slowly pressed it to his lips, in an intimate gesture that Peter felt intrusive in watching. Rey kept looking at them, silent as always.
“Brienne,” Alex hissed, sounding both angry and in pain at the same time. Rey, by his side, gave him a pat on the back.
Steve stilled. “It’s okay,” he said, eyes wide open like he had just been struck by one of Thor’s lightning. “If you don’t feel the same way, I mean. Of course, I mean. I me-
“Then we could do it with the others, in the living room. You prefer working alone on the resources, but this is just a chat, isn’t it?”
“Guys,” Darcy interrupted them, moving fast her thumb on the screen of her Starkphone. “We kind of have a situation? Which is not a real situation, nothing bad, just… People, you know?”
“When did you get here?” Alex asked her and she shrugged, moving her head in their bedroom’s direction.
And in the middle of the lab, looking as shocked as the Avengers were, there was a young man. He was almost as big as Steve was, but with a definitely younger face. His hair was black and the eyes were brown - he sort of reminded Steve of Tony, or of how Tony would have looked with an innocent expression and a super-soldier body.
They stayed there for a while, yeah, and when the room became too small and Peter became claustrophobic they decided to go get some air.
, she thought. Her father never called her that, but she liked it; it made her feel young again, like a kid, and it didn’t make her feel bad for substituting her pops.
They looked at each other and Pietro fought the instinct to turn around and run, because Alex’s eyes were full of something he never saw directed to him. It made him shiver - it made him want to be enough, for him. To be someone he’d be proud of.
Alex fought the instinct to turn quickly and look at him like he was an alien, and stood there, waiting for him to go on, but refusing to meet his eyes.
“Where’s Peter?” Natasha interrupted them - she actually didn’t want the attention to go back to the kids’ old world, because she had noticed their expression and, honestly, they were having such a nice day. There was no need for sadness.
In the mean time, Alex had gone back to the gym, where he was pushing himself to the limit - and he had the Supersoldier Serum in his veins!
Rey first smiled and then laughed quietly, looking at him with eyes full of joy and fear at the same time. “I don’t see you like that,” she muttered.
It was, of course, Tony’s house and he had all the rights to call it “home”… But the fact that Steve thought about it in the same way caused him to have chills all over his body. “Friday?” he called.
He stood facing the window and watched the breathtaking view; he had missed it for so long, that more than once he’d find himself just absorbing it as much as he could.
They ran as fast as they could - and almost bumped in Thor, who was talking rather intensely with Bruce and Jane.
She blushed and hid her shaking hands - but almost everyone noticed it anyway. Tony studied the eagle and, after a thoughtful moment, he gave it to Steve. “It suits you,” he smiled.
Alex really couldn’t stand to hear him and see him this hurt, but how could he… “Do you know anything about me?”
Before - and he meant before the kids, because now they were such an important part of his life that he felt it was divided in
Tony, in the meantime, was flying as fast as he could, following his stupid-yet-genius kids all around New York’s sky. He could hear people scream at them in wonder, trying to understand what was happening. A few were already starting to hide, because of the two “bad guys” Iron Man was chasing - instead, some fans were already talking about the new superheroes and what their names were.
“I’m not telling you that you have to be a father now. I’m just saying that your… Other you… Loved them. And maybe you could love them too.”
He never made a move, though, because if things went wrong between them the Avengers would suffer for it - they’d break.
Everyone looked at him and Clint froze, pizza in his mouth and his hands, and eyes wide open in shock.
Thor was handling a guy who was electric and Alex landed there, immediately kicking the man and distracting him, so that the God of Thunder could hit him with full strength.
“I think we should all eat dinner and then go to sleep. We can talk about it tomorrow,” Bruce proposed.
“Food. I’d like to give the kids a full medical examination and talk about creating them a diet,” he announced. “Underfeeding is an issue.”
Even though he had waited years - now that he wanted to talk, the words were filling his stomach, his lungs, his throat, every single inch of him.
“I thought I’d never see you again,” the boy murmured and he kissed the girl’s forehead. He then turned to face the Avengers. “And she’s not my girlfriend.”
“They are not my kids, heir or however you want to call them! In case you missed it, I never built a crib o-or a cradle for damn babies, I never wanted children, and if there’s something sure it’s that I will never be their father,” he exclaimed, standing up and moving his hands left and right with every word.
“Of what?” Steve exclaimed; he didn’t like not knowing what was going on. How was he supposed to protect the team if he didn’t have all the information?
He didn’t have an answer, so he closed his mouth and turned around; Alex, in the kitchen, was watching him with a serious expression, still wearing the training clothes from his earlier sparring session with Bucky.
“What a beautiful young love,” Thor beamed - which means almost shout, because he was Thor - and Clint snorted, biting back a joke or two.
“You can say that,” the boy nodded. The girl, a lot smaller than him, looked at them without a word.
“But we don’t know what happened for real. Not entirely… And I’m so curious I could die!” Tony exaggerated.
They all stayed there and they did it in silence, because sometimes words are simply too heavy and their absence can help more than their presence.
“You talked,” he murmured, shocked as she was. “Y-you talked! You haven’t done that in years, years! I ca-can’t believe it. You talked!” he shouted, jumping on his feet and forcing Rey to stand up as well.
Alex released the breath he didn’t know he was holding and looked at his feet, naked and full of cuts.
“And now the Avengers Quinjet is here as well,” she continued, alternating the pose in front of the camera to the moments when she gave it her back, to watch the scene. It was scary, with fragments of buildings and cars being thrown around, even though the Avengers were doing their best to contain the “problem”.
“Oh, that’s sad,” Tony grinned, “but you’re both covered in dust and you’re in my lab so... In the showers. Now.”
with the kids, which meant doing his best to understand and respect their feelings and… Fuck, he was going to fail so badly, in this
Bruce was already looking through Tony’s files, trying to understand if he had created… That, or if they did. Or, better, Rey. He doubted Alex could have done it, and absolutely not alone.
“Are you okay?” Pietro asked him running by his side and holding his arm. He noticed his confused look and shrugged. “I took the stairs.”
She kissed his cheek and stood up, almost running to Natasha and her pancakes. “You like cooking?” she asked.
“Блядь,” Natasha murmured and Bucky, next to her, nodded. Steve didn’t know Russian, but he was pretty sure he agreed too.
They all went to bed soon after that; the only one who didn’t go to sleep right away was Natasha. Standing still in the darkness, she hid her smile and kept thinking.
“You don’t understand!” Alex almost yelled as an answer. “My sister, she-she was fighting and then she was… She couldn’t breathe!”
“Yours must have been a pretty rough world, am I right?” Natasha said while she made herself look pensive.
She was in front of a man at least three times bigger than her, but there were Bucky and their fath-
“I was ready to die. What I didn’t know is that Rey had actually worked on the nanotech,” Alex smiled proudly and she blushed, shooting a shy look at Tony.
“Do you think you could create a cradle to give birth to a baby? I mean in this world,” Clint asked from where he was buried under the pillows. Natasha, who was playing with his hair, stopped moving.
He had just the time to say that, when a new wave of energy and electricity made everyone in the lab shiver and take a step back. It only lasted a minute or so, before at the center of the lab a girl appeared. She looked younger than the boy and almost the opposite, physically talking. Little, with a long braid of blonde hair - with a part of the left side of the head shaved - and blue eyes.
“You didn’t want me to get down the jet, but when we got there we realized there was no point in worrying. Ultron was no longer there.”
She flew to the roof, arms around Peter’s chest, and they used a metallic tube like a bench, where they sat. She listened to his exclamations and answered his theories in the best way she could, even though still non-verbally, and that distraction was welcomed; not to say he forgot about what happened, or he stopped caring! It’s just that, sometimes, when something bad happens, it’s okay not to think about it. It’s okay to protect yourself by getting distracted - it doesn’t fix anything and it doesn’t help in the long run, but if done for a short period of time it’s okay. It’s not intoxicating.
Alex avoided meeting her eyes and held his sister’s hand. They were young, surely not older than twenty years old, and they appeared a little bit scared, but also incredibly strong and close. Even with new, fresh clothes, and clean from the showers, both of the kids looked in distress - and very, very slim.
Aaaaand here the surprise/the reason I'm so late: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9kB2801ZwY&feature=youtu.be
Bruce nodded, fixing the table with the others’ help. “When something like that happens to you… You don’t stop grieving, not for years.”
“You’re here to interrogate us,” the boy stated, not even bothering to make it a question. The girl said nothing.
So they went back to the Tower, where Bucky, Jane and Darcy had stayed to control Alex and Rey. They found them on the couch, watching the news as their lives depended on it, and when they realized the Avengers were there - hair still wet from the showers - Alex and Rey jumped on their feet, looking at the group with a relieved expression.
Almost everyone had a puzzled look on their face, but Tony was nodding, moving his fingers restlessly as he always did. “You think they are either my kids, or the result of the cradle I created… Which would mean, you know, still Starks.”
“Peter,” Rey replied with a big smile. Talking was every day simpler than the one before and she was finally starting to feel like the girl she once was - not the same, of course, because she had lived too much,
“What do you want to do, uh? Run for your entire life? Because I’m sure as hell not going to stop chasing your and your sister’s ass.”
The fact that Tony and Steve weren’t a couple, too, was weird - and at the same time, a little voice in Rey’s head suggested that maybe that was the reason the world was at peace. Maybe, in their universe, the superheroes’ love had been the cause of all the destruction and the deaths. It felt absurd, because how could it be possible, how could something as good and pure as two people’s love for each other create such chaos. Such pain.
Rey forced herself to smile and so did Alex, trying to look happy even though Jane’s question had sent them in a black hole of feelings.
He kissed her, wasting no time, and he heard everyone in the room cheer, yelling and laughing; not that he cared, nor did she - that moment was too perfect.
“Don’t forget we all died, in their world,” Natasha added. “And we might have the same face, voice, body… But we’re not who they lost, not really.”
Everyone stood up to welcome them; Thor was the first, face fixed on the ground. Then came Natasha, who met Clint’s eyes and shook slowly her head.
“Yeah!” Bruce laughed and in a second his eyes filled with tears. “I never thought I’d be able to… It’s just… It’s amazing.”
Alex felt a knot forming in his stomach and grunted, feeling like a football player who gets tackled to the ground, only a thousand times faster.
When he woke up again, Alex found Rey squeezed between himself and Tony, Steve’s arm trying to hug them all. A whispering and the sound of glasses and cups were coming from the kitchen, but there was no way for him to untangle himself.
He didn’t know the entire story, but for what Alex told them about his death, well… He had screwed their relationship up, somehow. He didn’t make him feel loved enough, or good enough, or… Or just enough anything.
“I’ve always been careful with condoms and chicks and all that shit, and now what, screw everything because of two underfed, super scared kids? No way, no fucking way! They’re not my kids, you hear me? I’m not their father,
Darcy nodded. “But giving people something will keep them interested and it will gain Alex and Rey the public’s appreciation. They’ll be loved and shipped with everyone and desired… Even before they see their faces!”
Steve chose that moment to walk into the room and his words faded immediately. Not only he wasn’t ready to talk about that - it was too soon, to saddle, and Gwen’s memories still burned in his heart and his mind -, but surely he wasn’t ready to talk about it with
sister had been in danger, not even an army would have stopped him. They ran side by side and the mutant forced himself to slow down; he kept looking at him, at Legend, thinking.
Rey knew that feeling so well she felt the nausea rise without her consent; she immediately pointed to the window.
“It does if you had a partner who really wanted kids, but couldn’t,” Steve exclaimed, entering the lab with a tired smile. Tony lowered his head.
Peter had started talking again, getting out of his room often and for more than just a couple of minutes. He wandered to the labs, watching with interest Jane, Bruce, Tony and Rey work, even though except for the last two they all had different disciplines. One day, less than three months after, two other scientists, two SHIELD agents, came too and worked with them - Simmons with Bruce and Fitz with Tony and Rey.
They didn’t answer, but their eyes showed the pain they were feeling - the pain of something you never knew, but wanted, that’s ripped from your hands.
“They are still your heirs, Man of Iron. You have responsibilit-” Thor remarked, but he was interrupted by Tony himself, who slammed a hand on the table.
“I’m glad because I want it all, hottie. I want to remember our first kiss, our first time, even the first time we appear in public together. I want you to consider Wanda like a sister and the same for me and Rey; I want us to fight the world and do it side by side. I want it all, Alex.”
“What the fuck?!” Bucky shouted, shocked. He then took a deep breath and shot Steve a look. “They really
The Avengers nodded. Alex had said it was the name they were known as, in their universe, and all the group had thought it was a good idea to hide their identities and just use their codenames - at least at first.
“You made them come here from another universe, Tony! They need to rest. They’ll tell us tomorrow, no rush.”
“My name is Alexander, but you can call me Alex. She’s my sister, Reyna. Rey is okay though,” the boy smiled.
“I get that you go wherever the other goes,” Tony murmured - Thor, feeling an intruder, didn’t say a word. “But you lost us. This is a second chance, right?”
“Dad, Pops?” Alex called them, a while after calming down. They were laying on Tony’s - and now Steve’s - bed, both of them hugging the kids, who were in the middle; Alex was almost as big as Steve, so it wasn’t actually the most comfortable position ever, but it did the job.
Alex closed his eyes and rested his head against the cold wall by their side. “Why are you here?” he asked, even though he wasn’t sure he wanted to know.
In the same moment he got out he had seen them change; a suit had started forming on their bodies, coming out from the inside, like it had been right under their skin - or in their blood… Some kind of nanotech, Tony supposed, that they - or, well, Rey - had mixed up to some sort of serum. In what other ways could their body had not rejected the technology?
“Oh shit,” Alex exclaimed, remembering in that exact second the reason the X-Man had to save his life. “The fight!”
“I think it’s good for him,” Steve mumbled after a second, ignoring Peter, who silently retreated to one of the labs.
Later, when the scientists retreated to the labs, the others Avengers found Alex and Rey in the gym; they were both dressed in the sports stuff that was always in the locker room, for when they had agents visiting and someone wanted to spar.
“Professor X needs to talk to one of the Fantastic Four and I chose to jump on board,” he talked fast just like his Pietro did, and Alex felt his throat ache. “Then we saw the fight and we stopped to help.”
“Why don’t you two go to sleep, and finish your story tomorrow?” Steve smiled, patting Alex’s knees and winking at Rey.
His eyes filled with tears and he coughed, before grasping the pillow as hard as he could, but Rey pretended not to notice and took his hand in hers. They stayed there for a while, just breathing and living, even if it hurt. Even when the memories got so bad they made him sob without control. Even when she climbed on the bed and hugged him - they didn’t know each other, but pain is pain, he needed a friend and she was pretty much her age, so he didn’t complain.
“I don’t know what happened. A second we were all there, hiding and planning a way to fight, and the second after the fucking bridge to Asgard was open and Brienne was gone. That thing closed as soon as she disappeared, but it had alerted every Ultron’s robot in miles. Miles!” he was moving his hands, so angry that the veins on his neck and arms were standing out. “We lost fourteen people, that day. Fourteen. Good.
“We will face it,” Tony replied coldly. “Because there’s no way in hell we’re going to take from Bruce the chance to have the life he wants.”
“Your father destroys at least one of those per day, so no problem,” Clint smirked and moved forward.
“Let’s go, hottie. The X-Men’s jet is over there,” Pietro smiled, taking him by the arm and starting to pulling him along.
“Why, you think you’re safe?” Tony grinned. “Do you even realize how bad it will be when your boyfriend will have to meet us? Knowing you’re Captain America’s and Iron Man’s kid?”
“I’m gonna shower now,” Steve announced shooting Sam an angry look. He then realized Rey was still holding him like a koala would with a tree. “Hey, princess,” he called her, “you should let me go.”
“We have so many questions!” Jane added with a smile. Just at that moment Steve noticed that, hidden under a desk, there was her lab assistant, Darcy Lewis. He felt compassion for her for a second, before he got the attention back to the stranger.
When the kids got back in the Tower, they almost ran to their bedroom - Tony, at first, gave them two, but they immediately refused to sleep without the other near. They also refused to come out for dinner and Steve, who knocked more than once on their door, had to retreat and leave them alone.
“Hey, kiddos!” Clint shouted instead, making Rey turn immediately. Alex used her distraction to pin her on the ground, in an action that hurt a lot, judging by the girl’s expression.
Oh, it felt good, being there. Fighting with the Avengers, just like he had hoped and wanted so badly for years.
“Yeah,” Alex nodded. He took out a pack of cigarettes and played with it, passing it from one hand to the other.
“I never told you this, back… Back home,” he said and it hurt, that he still thought of the other universe like home, but at the same time it was right. This wasn’t his world, his family, his life -
It was all it took for Alex to break down and start crying; he held onto Steve like he was a safe rock in a river of pain, until his hands began shaking so much he had to open them. Still, Steve didn’t let him go, rocking him like a baby.
“Everyone thinks you’re a couple, Steve,” Darcy added, eyes glued to her Starkphone. She was trying to read and watch as many tweets and articles and videos as she could, to understand the extent of the damage. “Aaand they all figured out she’s one of the new recruits.”
She moved her finger on Bucky’s metal arm, in a gesture that was by now familiar. “We could start with your tweet, Steve,” she nodded to herself, “and maybe a picture of Rey’s smile and her blond hair, like… A picture with only the lower part of her face, you know?”
“I actually wanted to talk about him,” Natasha murmured, touching lightly Steve’s shoulder. She then turned to Alex. “When HYDRA separated The Hulk from Bruce… What happened to him?”
They stared at each other, silently, in one of those moments when no one wants to back down, to admit defeat, and Alex distantly wondered when
“Steve,” Nat smiled after a second of hesitation, “he’s built like you. And she’s a smaller and more… Female version of you,” she said.
, in the Avengers Tower, and for the first due days he refused to eat and drink. At that point Steve had decided to step in, telling him that it was okay, if he wanted to grieve alone, but starving himself was not the answer.
She let the nanotech cover her body - Spiderman gasped - and took his hand, while he sputtered meaningless words of surprise. Rey laughed loudly at that and opened the window.
Steve sighed and made sure the scientist was in SHIELD’s hands, smiling at Tony who was taking care of the press, helped by Natasha. Thor was waving at everyone he found cheering and Clint was collecting every arrow that had survived the fight. Bruce was already on the Quinjet, with tea in his hands and a blanket on his shoulders.
“Steve,” Jane Foster said with a calm tone that made him even angrier, “we’re scientists! And this is science. We saw a chance and we took it, nothing more.”
“So we have to figure out what to say,” Tony shrugged. “I don’t see what you’re all anxious about. Well just say they’re the new Avengers recruits.”
, he told himself, closing his eyes because sometimes talking is way easier if you don’t meet other people’s eyes. It would have also been easier if it had been dark, yeah, except that waiting hours to have this conversation was too much.
Rey smiled widely and got on the bike, hugging Steve from behind. “Okay, princess,” he said, “never stop holding me.”
“Next thing I know, I’m about to vomit and I feel more powerful than ever… And I can fly,” Alex shrugged, biting his nails. “So I immediately fly to Rey, even if I don’t even know how I’m alive or flying or, yeah,
In the end they had fought so much and so hard that their muscles were aching, even with the enhanced healing process; that’s why they were on the couch, almost hidden between the pillows.
At the very center of the lab there was a big water-like circle mid-air, with little lightings all around.
“Every time I see them standing there my chest aches and I remember all those horrible things that happened to us. And I want to protect them, but I know I won’t be able to, not from everything.”
But Tony needed constantly work and patience, and sarcasm and understanding. He needed someone who could feel that he almost died and that he saved New York and that yes, he didn’t act as the member of a team, but that it doesn’t mean it didn’t break him.
Darcy stopped and looked at him with the same expression of a doe caught by the lights of a car. “Okay, well… It doesn’t need to be her face. And we could create them two accounts and just let them post things about us, about you Avengers - to let everyone know they’re integrated. Isn’t it a good idea?”
She went straight to Alex and hugged him, refusing to meet Tony’s eyes; after a few seconds, she left her brother to hold onto Steve, who kissed her forehead.
“We’re in Brooklyn,” he smiled. “And that?” he pointed at the building in front of them. “That’s where I lived when I was a kid.”
“Isn’t that funny?” Natasha smiled, looking at Bucky and Clint, who both turned so fast they almost snapped their own necks.
“Trust me, if someone can find a way, that’s Rey. And she studied some of HYDRA’s and Ultron’s files,” Alex smiled widely.
They cry and they smell… And he would never, ever be a good father. He didn’t even know where to start!
“I’m-we’re not… We’ve been eating. Just… Not so much. We wanted to be sure the others had food first.”
“TMI, dad, TMI!” Alex blurted, covering his ears, and he didn’t even notice the way he had called him.
“But maybe I could,” Pietro continued; the Avenger immediately looked at him, shocked. “I… You’re cool. And hot. And you seem a genuinely good guy - and I need that, ‘cause you have no idea who my father is, but he’s- nevermind.”
“Does it matter?” she smirked. “Also, your real kid is in his room, right now, so just let things happen.”
“Yeah,” Steve smirked. “With Vision and the twins’ help we managed to destroy i-him? It? Anyway, we almost lost Pietro, but his dad arrived with the X-Men just in time.”
He winked and Alex realized they were in an alley, not too far away from the fight; the same fight that was now forgotten, closed in a corner of his mind. Even his own sister disappeared for a second… Because he was staring into those eyes.
She took a long breath and nodded to herself. “And I have to tell you, Tony. You didn’t have them after a reckless night with some girl. You wanted them, okay? Yo-”
“I doubt it,” Alex continued lowly and only Steve and Bucky, with the enchanted hearing, were able to notice.
“Tony,” he said following into a conference room, forcing him to stop by taking his arm. They stared at each other, in silence, and Tony distantly wondered when it started: when Steve became the only person on Earth capable of understanding him and calming him down at the same time, with just a look. Not even a word spoken, not even a “what’s wrong?” asked.
“Professor X!” Steve interrupted his thoughts. The Avengers greeted the X-Men who had helped with the Supervillains, while Rey stood up and ran to hug his brother.
He walked to the window, Rey by his side as always, and he opened the big glass door from which New York shined in all its beauty.
Steve shot him a look that said “no one cares, IQ isn’t all”, but Tony ignored him as a good Stark would have done.
For a second Peter felt weird, noticing how easily Fitz seemed to understand Rey and her silence, but when he saw the way he looked at Simmons he felt immediately relaxed.
“I-I didn’t mean to make you uncomfortable,” he added, moving to get some space between them; she followed and they ended up being mostly covered by the door. The Avengers could still see them, but at least it made them feel more… Alone. With a little bit more privacy than being in the middle of the room.
“I never told him I loved him, you know?” Alex murmured then and the X-Man froze, before moving and making him move as well.
“You don’t know what I’m stressing over. Maybe I know things you don’t,” he replied, sounding stupid to his own ears.
“Don’t let him touch it!” Tony shouted and in a second Thor had his big arms on the boy’s chest, wrapping him against his torso.
“You doubted us?” Tony joked. He bent to look for his whiskey and Steve had to keep himself from drooling.
“Bucky!” Darcy interrupted him from behind his back, a smile almost as big as her face was. Bucky laughed and hugged her, kissing her forehead.
Natasha already had some theories about it. She was either born mute, or she became it - it didn’t matter if physically or psychologically. The fact that she hadn't signed, not even once, made Natasha almost sure she wasn’t born that way.
They spent the next few days trying to get to know each other; it was weird, for the kids, to talk again with people they lost so long before and, more than that, to see in them those they loved and strangers at the same time. They had the same faces, same manners, same voices… But they were different people, with different pasts.
They chose to use that excuse as the reason why the kids had decided to join the Initiative, because a lot of people died, that day, and them seeing their parents get killed by aliens and wanting to save others from the same fate was a good story - one that could hold in front of the press.
“No,” Alex replied, watching the pack with an odd expression. “I heard what happened,” he continued.
Natasha was writing something on a Starkpad; maybe a report, Tony thought. He was glad he had proves that this conversation had happened.
“I don’t see why it matters,” Steve intervened, “but yes, they are. They lost their parents in the battle of New York.”
“Not quite as much,” Alex admitted, “but still pretty good. I’m just… Not really into those things. I’m more of a… Tactical kind of clever.”
People started leaving the room and Steve looked at them for a second, surprised. Why did they feel the need to let them talk alone?
And now Rey was crying again, quietly, hugging a pillow because her “parents” were too focused on her brother. “I’m sorry,” she murmured, which made both Steve and Tony turn to look at her in shock.
“Tony’s not angry, you know that, right?” murmured Bruce a couple of minutes later, while patching her wound under Alex’ icy eyes. You could feel his anger and fear coming in waves from his body, but he was actually still as a statue, Tony’s classic poker face on and Steve’s way of crossing the arms in a sort of judging way.
“It doesn’t matter,” Bruce intervened, walking into the room with a weird look in his eyes. Rey, behind him, was on the verge of tears. “It’s not her fault,” he added for her benefit.
Steve and Tony jumped on their feet, ready to help in any way possible, and Alex took the sleeves of the shirt he was wearing in his fingers, playing with them as to stop himself from reaching out. Steve walked forward and put a hand on his shoulder, smiling and nodding. “You okay, son?” he inquired.
He didn’t get the chance to choose, anyway, because Tony - eyes still closed - hugged him and forced him to stay still. “Sleep,” he mumbled.
“It’s not like we ever stopped running in the last yea-” Alex almost shouted, but was interrupted by Tony, who was pointing his finger at Rey, while still looking at Alex.
- lab, trying to recreate the serum HYDRA had injected Bruce. She was trying as hard as she could and everyone knew it; even Bruce, who kept doing breathing exercises to calm down and control his impatience, saw it.
“It was the most painfully awkward declaration I have ever seen,” Tony commented in Steve’s ear, making him laugh.
“We actually have to start again from dad’s death. It was… You know, I’ve always had a better relationship with my pops, than with my dad,” he admitted. “While Rey the opposite. And she was so smart and she felt so guilty for it… Or at least that’s what I think. That must be the reason she told our dad and only him that she was going to graduate from MIT. We didn’t even know she was taking online classes.”
“It’s okay,” Steve smiled and patted him on the back. After a second of hesitation, he moved forward and hugged him. “It’s okay,” he repeated. “I’ll help you.”
They drove for some time, no destination in mind, just to absorb the wind and the view of the sun beginning to set in New York, and only when Rey started shaking for the cold Steve stopped. He felt alive, like sharing that hour of wandering with his… His what, daughter? Adoptive daughter?, like sharing that hour with her had connected them, had made their relationship stronger.
Spider-man had swung into the scene and immediately jumped in the middle of the fight; he had already stopped Sandman more than once and he would have died,
He breathed in and out for a few moments, lost in his thoughts. “I guess that’s why they went to MIT alone. Ultron was out there, but she had to go and it was her and dad’s secret, so…”
“Are you kidding us?” Tony exclaimed from his place on the couch, where he was holding Rey into his arms. She had already stopped shaking, his brave little girl, but her throat was still aching.
After that, at least Peter ate and drank - while still refusing to leave his bedroom, except to go to the bathroom.
She nodded, glad that she got him to talk and to look more alive than he did in the last few days. She had seen people in that situation, both strangers and people she cared about, and it always hurt her not to be able to help them. Ultron had made her feel useless in ways she had never thought she’d experience, but now those horrors gave her the chance to act, to know what to do.
He took a sip of tea and smiled sadly. “She wasn’t always like that, you know? She… But it doesn’t matter anymore,” he stopped himself.
“Well, there was Bobby. He was a mutant, he was going to Xavier’s school, but aunt Nat and uncle Clint had basically adopted him. He had a great power,” he smiled to himself, lost in his memories. “He disappeared not long after uncle Clint. Aunt Nat was…”
He mumbled something and nodded, defeated. “I wish I could take away his pain… I’d rather feel it myself.”
“Who are you?” Peter asked and immediately coughed, voice broken by disuse and muffled by the blankets. He was on the bed, his eyes the only visible part of his body.
“Guys?” a voice stuttered from the door; Alex was there, looking way younger than he was in Steve’s pajama - he wasn’t quite as big as his “father” was. The expression on his face was broken, like he had fought against himself and cried and screamed.
Bruce and Bucky chose that moment to come into the room, followed by Alex and Rey. Both the kids and Bucky were dressed in the training clothes, while Bruce had some papers in his hands, papers filled with data.
Bruce, who didn’t go to the press conference because Ross was still planning ways to arrest him, so it was better not to get too much attention.
“Promise,” he said and Tony mumbled the same, breathing in the sweet scent of Rey; she was starting to wake up, yawning and moving to sit up.
“Wh-what? No!” Tony yelled, stopping him from walking away like he had just tried to. “I mean that I’m not the person you should want by your side!” he explained in a hurry. “I’m not good enou-”
He looked like he was trying to convince anyone that he didn’t really care, - not more than the necessary - but all the Avengers were able to say that he did. His smile was screaming in joy.
Alex got more impatient every hour that passed, Rey more moody and distracted- the third time she burned herself, Tony threw her out of the lab and banned her from working in it “
’s proud eyes on her… And Tony himself pretending not to be totally over the moon for his daug-no, his… His
That’s how Steve found them; all in the living room, testing first the suits and then showing Rhodey that they could actually lift Thor’s hammer - it still made everyone beam in pride.
Toni eyed the device, her only way home. It made her nervous to see him handle the device when the core was acting up and sparking. "So what's this theory of yours?" she asked, reaching for the device in Howard's hand.
"Thanks," she said, slowly as she turned back to the stranger. "What?" she uttered, seeing nothing but dirt and stones. How did she miss the man disappearing? "Where the hell did he go?" she asked herself, as she scanned the surrendering area. There was no sign of the man in either direction, and all she could see was the empty trail in either direct for miles. There was footsteps going in both direction, but there was no way to tell age—well for Toni—of the footsteps or who they belonged too. There were just patterns on the ground.
She stared at him from the corner of her eyes. "Not to questions I don't like," she admitted. She hated talking about her health and her weaknesses.
She took a deep breath as she turned to the other stone. "Hey, mom. Hadn't forgotten about you either," she replied soft and lovingly. Not moved from her father's final resting place, she smiled at her mother's grave. She missed her mother dearly, wishing that she could speak to her. Being wise beyond belief, Maria knew how to fix everything, and she would know what to do with Rogers. She would know how to fix this.
The Asset took a deep breath as he watched the Brunette threaten some unknown terrorist, which the Asset groaned at. Was she stupid? Taking a few deep breaths, he couldn't stop the growing irritation at the Brunette, who had no idea about how to be tactical or strategic. He had to fight the urge to yank her from the crowd and hide her somewhere secure. He couldn't understand how someone as smart as she could be so fucken stupid. How could his handlers want someone like her? With her tack and recklessness, she could tank a mission before anyone could realize what she had done? She probably couldn't keep her mouth shut long enough to listen and take orders, probably talking someone's ears off.
She walked toward him. The short sleeve dress went a few inches below her knees, and it hugged her body. "Can you zip this for me?" She asked as she showed him her back.
Toni jumped at the voice, not realizing that anyone was in the room with her. Turning toward the voice, she felt herself groan at the sight of Loki sitting in a chair reading what she presumed was her medical chart. "What are you doing here, Loki?" she asked, laying back down in the bed as she unconsciously covered her chest with her arm. Her body was sore, and just sitting up took all of her energy.
Phillips stepped forward as he rubbed the corner of his eyes with his hand. "Does this mean Agent Carter knows?" he asked, before Howard could open his mouth. "Can't anyone in this damn organization keep a secret?"
"Is it fixable?" he asked, still eyeing Toni, who had rested her head on the table. I wonder what she's thinking about, he thought. She was probably thinking of a plan to escape but there was no way that she could. This facility was impossible to escape.
Toni could feel his glare on her back as she struggled. Her bruised body felt like it was on fire each time he forced her to move, and to make matters worse, she was having a hard time breathing. She didn't know if one of her ribs was broken, but it hurt. She hoped Rogers would sock him one for her, because she knew she would break her hand if she tried.
Steve, it's me." She paused for a second, resting her head against the cold glass. Feeling ill, she was struggling. "I don't k-know if you'll get this, not with your c-computer skills, but S…Steve… " She paused again. "I've got a lot of apologies to make and not a lot of time, so I hope your fossil butt is getting this. Can you even work the buttons to log in?" She stopped again, annoyed at herself. Even now, she was throwing out the banter. "F-first off, I'm sorry that I'm stupid and reckless and stupid. I'm sorry that I put you in harm's way again. Steve, that was selfish and… and it w-won't happen again… W-who am I kidding?" She felt her heart stopped, because she knew she couldn't promise that. She couldn't stop herself, no matter how hard she tried. It was like her DNA was against her.
The Asset struggled against his restraints as he stared at bent, faded picture. He had no idea of how old the photo was, but it was clear that it was decades old. He couldn't tell you where the photo came from, but he could guess that it was from a target as there was dark blood stains on it. However, the age of the photo didn't hold his attention for long. There were two people in the picture, but it was the woman that caught his attention. It was her. It was the woman he was following in the park. She –Toni, he had to keep painfully reminding himself—was the only thing or person he wanted. The only thing that made him doubt himself and his programing.
Unlike with Steve, Bucky groans in annoyance and keeps going. "You can't just run away, Stark. We're in a relationship together, and you can't be pulling this shit."
"So why don't you agree? And this can all over," he said as his fingers left the case. "You won't have to be in this time anymore. I can make the pain stop and this can be over with. No more guilt, Stark. I can save you."
Toni and Barnes had just taken a seat in a booth at a diner. "It looks like an old fifty dinner," she smiled as she took the coat she was wearing off. Barnes had offered to help her, but she had turned him down. She didn't need any help with the perfectly fitting coat that she had borrowed from Rogers.
Toni narrowed her eyes at him, and before she could ask what the hell he was talking about, he reached for one of her hands and brought it to his lips. His lips lingered for a few seconds, leaving a wet mess on her hand, and it took everything that Toni had not to punch him. "Geez, what a wet kiss! Good thing I never have to experience the real thing, which I so don't want to experience," she said, yanking back her hand. She mockingly joked that she was vomiting as she wrapped off her hand.
