Tony reared back, unsure of why Bucky wasn’t siding with him, it was made worse when Steve interrupted his completely believable story.
“Betrayed by my own son. You’re all lucky to be in my presence really. I’m probably the coolest person you’ll ever meet, besides Peter.” He declared, sitting on the other side of Peter.
“Yes, a diaper. You don’t want to wee everywhere do you?”
“I’m sorry doll. You poor thing, Steve is just worst isn’t he?” He consoled the angry Omega who was starting to look a bit flushed.
“It’ll only take a minute at most.” Dr Cho went over when Tony finished up and took a look. “One of the easiest ways to gauge if a boy is a little is by looking to see if they have and pubic hair and the size of their penis. Typically they don’t develop past pre-puberty stage but there have been exceptions.”
“I have something for you to wear but it’s not clothes. Around the tower, there’s no need. Especially this week with your training. This though, I want you to wear it all the time, okay?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony couldn’t even give out to him because he was right. He just hoped that Steve saw it the same way.
“Eh- Well something actually happened.” Peter pulled back from the cuddle and studied his Dad. If he said something happened that meant during his heat, which would mean he was mated. His eyes flickered to the side of his neck and he let out an involuntary gasp.
“It’s okay if I post this?” He showed them the picture and got the go-ahead off the two of them. They already knew that they would be featured a lot in Peter’s feed, something they were going to support wholeheartedly.
His new Daddy held him easily in one arm as he went around the kitchen getting the cookie tin, which was blue and had a picture of the cookie monster on it that said We want cookie, om nom nom.’ He also picked up a bottle of milk out of something that looked like it was made for heating it, if the steam was anything to go by. He brought both back into where the rest were, handing Peter back to his new Mama and opened the cookie tin to let Peter take the two cookies out before passing it around to everyone else. Peter shyly handed one to his new Mama who took it happily and ate it straight away. Peter continued to look at his until Mr Stark laughed slightly. “Need to take the pacifier out before you eat it, baby.”
Tony pulled back to place a sloppy wet kiss on the head of Steve’s cock, thick lashes framing his smoldering dark eyes full of hunger as he blinked slowly, letting them brush over the tops of his cheeks as he watched the blond; it was in that moment Steve broke.
The smirk in her voice is obvious. He huffs. He turns his head to look at Steve who’s oblivious to his careening and desperate demise.
Tony kissed him slow and deep as if he was in no hurry to do anything else but reduce his husband into a breathless mess. He kissed Steve as if he needed him, desperate and greedy like a man who had been drowning reaching precious air. Steve’s knees suddenly went weak as Tony’s tongue flickered out, eagerly searching for a gap along the seam of the blond’s lips to slip through. Steve let out a small groan, and suddenly, Tony’s tongue swept inside in hot, broad strokes as if he was determined to consume Steve entirely.
The brunet was off like a bullet out of a gun, ignoring the surprised stares and vague shouts he heard at the back of his head when he pushed through people; nothing mattered except getting to Steve, and it seemed that the captain had a similar idea as he made a beeline towards Tony. Finally, Tony grew close enough to launch himself at Steve, throwing his arms around his husband’s neck as he dragged him into a hug, a weight Tony hadn’t even known that he carried breaking off from his shoulders.
Eventually, Tony’s eyes grew thoughtful as he slowly settled down, peeling away one loud thought at a time. He carefully pushed each back into its place as he mulled over what answers he did and didn’t have. There had to be a logical explanation for this. Tony couldn’t be in love with Steve, that was a weakness, and Tony was already perfect. He had no weakness. He had to be deluding himself when he thought that he loved Steve Rogers. He sucked in another sharp, shuddering breath before he focused on releasing the tension in his body. There was no use getting angry and twisted out of sorts. It wouldn’t help him figure out what was going on within the tumultuous whirlwind of thoughts and emotions swirling around his head, or what held him so tightly to Steve. Each steadying breath helped him loosen his fingers one by one, the hand that had been clenched into a fist slowly flattening on the cool desk before him once more. There had to be something logical about this, rather than emotional. Tony set his teeth against his lip as he continued his derailed train of thought.
He attempts subtlety, but Tony knows he’s looking for him because the instant their eyes meet, Steve’s shoulders slump slightly in relief, and by then, Tony is chuckling and inserting himself smoothly into the conversation, defusing it and stealing Steve away with all kinds of excuses. The twinging in his chest dissipates only after a while when every time he turns or moves, Steve is always a foot or two behind him, moving when he moves, like magnets, for the last half of the event. Once Tony's finished mingling, he often draws back and stays close to Steve, bantering back and forth with him as he teases the good Captain about being as uncomfortable as he is with people wanting his attention. Steve just rolls his eyes and bumps his shoulder against Tony's in a playful gesture, and Tony can't help but wink and flirt because Steve looks amazing in his suit—not that Tony's been thinking about that, in fact, he's been pointedly
"Tony Stark..."
"You're right. But I guess just the thought of making a speech not as Tony Stark, son of world famous Howard Stark but just as plain old Tony Stark. It's nerve wracking."
He even missed waking up later on in the morning, usually around about nine am feeling wide awake as he would roll over, noticing right away that Steve was no longer in the bed they shared but almost always exactly at the same time as if Tony had conjured him there, Steve would walk into the room, wearing a thin white t-shirt that was always a few sizes too small for him, his muscles taut against the tight material whilst Tony could see how the front of Steve's t-shirt was always already soaked through with sweat leaving nothing to the imagination as he would watch Steve's chest heaving up and down whilst a small layer of sweat would escape from his neck slowly dripping down to mix in with what would already be on his t-shirt, whilst he would also been wearing a pair of grey jogging pants that fit just exactly right, showing off his ass and the outer beginnings of Steve's v-line before it slipped down out of sight into his pants.
Telling F.R.I.D.A.Y. once again just to go ahead and save the message, Tony turned onto his other side, away from anything as he placed his head softly down onto the pillow, that in the past had been a part of Captain America, the pillow that he had slept on each night without fail and left behind an amazing smell of coffee, Gucci aftershave and something that was just Steve. Even to this day the pillow still smelt like the Captain, it still had the lingering scent of Steve and there was even a small bit of blood from where Steve had once bled onto it after thinking his nose was okay when someone had punched him.
Tony wasn't too sure how he hadn't noticed those small things crawling up one by one and from there it had gotten much worse so that when Natasha had simply given him a hug or patted his back, Tony would glare at her, almost like he was warning her to back off from his Steve, he from there had ended up doing exactly the same thing to Thor, Clint and even Bruce once or twice until he realised what he was doing and stopped.
"Steve.. No..."
Tony couldn't help the soft chuckle that escaped him in that moment, Steve really knew him well, maybe a bit too well but he was right, Tony did like talking about himself just a little bit too much at times but this was one of those moments where he wasn't sure if he was doing the right thing.
But now she had just crossed a line. Tony could understand someone telling him that he was acting childish for staying in his bed and not doing anything but to hear the words that 'Captain America' wasn't as upset about their breakup as he was, well that shouldn't be allowed, Captain Rogers should be just as upset as he was, if not more, just because that smiling ass-hole acted like he didn't care about anything, that didn't mean that he was the same.
Despite everything that had happened, a small part of Tony's mind still wished that Steve was going to come running up the stairs, taking them two at a time and appearing in the too small doorway, shield in hand but no, it was only ever to be fantasy because Captain Rogers had disappeared off to god knows where with Bucky - even the thought of the name brought a bad taste to his mouth - leaving nothing behind but his famous shield and a letter addressed to Tony advising that he should call him if he needed him but Tony, didn't, no he wasn't supposed to need the man as far as Tony could care, the further away that man was from him, the easier it was not to think about him or that stupid smile of his.
Getting angry was the last thing that Tony wanted to do right now but due to his A.I. not seeming to know when to back out of his personal life and refusing to do exactly as he said, he was slowly getting to the end of his tether.
Even to this day, Tony had always been more than sure that those words hadn't fully registered in his head at first, he had imagined at first that Rogers had been speaking to someone else or that he hadn't opened his mouth, hadn't uttered the cold, brutal words until he had no longer been able to deny it any more as a sob had escaped from between his lips, closing his eyes as he had tried picturing himself anywhere else, anywhere else in that very moment that he had felt his whole world fade away.
Tony finally opened his eyes again, this time realising that he was no longer in that cold, dank room in Siberia, instead he was tucked away in his room in the Avengers Tower - though most notably lately it was just occupied by one Avenger, himself - his eyes becoming glassy as he realised that the dream he had originally been having wasn't just a dream, it was a reality and it was one that Tony was now going to have to live with the rest of his life.
Hydra had told the Winter Soldier just what to do and how to go around executing it and that bastard had went straight ahead and followed his orders, never it would seem, stopping to give a single thought to how it was going to affect everyone in the long run, how Rogers would pull himself away from everyone, trying to figure out a way to bring his friend back, that at the end of it all, they were going to be hurting not only Howard Stark and his wife but would destroy everything else as the couple had a four year old son who had been waiting on his parents returning home from their meeting with S.H.I.E.L.D. to put him to bed and read to him until he fell asleep.
"Sir? Should I fetch Miss Potts? Perhaps even calls Captain Rogers? You do seem depressed when he is not here."
Steve's voice in that one small second of time had made Tony's heart constrict, hearing the hurt and pain and just everything that Tony had been more than sure that he had been feeling in that very small second as he had reached up with one hand to pull the hood of his Captain America suit down from over his eyes.
Something hit Tony in the chest and with a last thought of Steve, his eyes snapped open again immediately coming to rest on a finely pressed suit jacket facing him before his eyes came up to rest on the tall, red haired woman who was currently standing in his room, her arms crossed tight across her chest and her mouth turned down into a look that that Tony was pretty sure would have killed him right there on the spot if he had been anyone else.
"Sir. I know it is little of my business but you do not seem to leave your bed except for when your bladder calls upon you. Is wallowing in what could have been between you and Captain Rogers really the best way forward from here?"
Tony, who had felt his eyelids start to droop before F.R.I.D.A.Y. had spoke, suddenly felt wide awake, his insides feeling so cold despite the heat of the room and a feeling of dread deep inside at the thought of hearing that voice again, the voice he had not listened to since the voicemail had been played last to him only a day before, the voicemail of one Captain Steve Rogers that the man had left him almost six months ago.
No matter what.
As if Tony had become more than aware of it, he could hear that the music out with his dream had stopped but that couldn't be, he hadn't told her to stop it.
Steve's arms tightened around him in that one small second and Tony leaned his head back onto Steve's shoulder, chuckling to himself at the thought that more than ten years ago, he would have never thought about opening up to someone like that, to actually show that he truly had a vulnerable side and that he did have moments where he was afraid, even of making something as easy as a speech.
“’ kay.” He just wanted pancakes.
Peter looked around blearily wondering where they were. Was he not in school?
“Yeah, Mama,”
Steve always scolded him for it but Tony could see where he was coming from.
Peter rolled his eyes safe knowing his parents couldn’t see him and Bucky didn’t care.
Steve got nearly a full bowl of pasta and a good bit of water into Tony before Tony copped he could have the knot. With a grunt he let himself fall completely onto the chair, the knot making him widen his legs so that they were to the side and not in front of him. He rocked back and forth feeling it pull against his rim groaning in pleasure. Nothing beat Steve’s knot. Leaning both arms on the table he lifted himself off the knot and nearly completely off the dildo before slamming himself back onto it. This time the knot smoothly going past his rim so it was snuggly inside his ass. He came again at the feel of it against his prostate, his come hitting his stomach, his eyes nearly rolling back in his head with the orgasm.
“Peter, baby. No matter what world we’re in, you are always mine. The other world I just couldn’t express it as easy as I can here. The fact that I’m able to express it openly here tells me that this world is way better than the last one. I know that to you right now it seems a bit strange, being treated like a young child when you feel like the old Peter but let me tell you, kid. This world took away the stress that always seemed around you. You’re happier. You love me and your Daddy along with Bucky. Bucky loves you too and really looks up to you.” Tony had stopped walking and sat on one of the benches he had outside the kid's nurseries, If they had to sit outside to see if they would go to sleep, they might as well be comfortable doing it, and situated Peter so that he was facing him
Steve glared at him, “There was literally no way I would have been able to keep him settled. I even gave him two swats for being careless and it didn’t stop his enthusiasm one bit. Getting him down for a nap is going to be torture.” Steve was well aware that Peter should be considered too old for a nap but they had learned that hard way that if Peter didn’t have his after-school rest they were all going to be in for a rough evening. It didn’t stop Peter from trying everything to get out of it regardless.
“Sweetheart, this is just a way for me to show how much I love you and to keep other Alpha’s away from you. Can you tell me why you looked like you were about to cry?”
“Not going to find them there and I think we both know you need to say the magic words.” Bucky teased.
It wasn’t long before the knot went down though and Tony’s body felt like it was on fire once again. He could feel his hand and the dildo was wet with his slick, so much that he couldn’t get a good hold on it to fuck him as hard as he needed it. He thought he’d get a few more turns out of it before he turned to his wall dildo. He finally got a grip on it and removed it, a gush of slick coming out with it. He didn’t even care though, all he wanted was the bigger cock filling him up as fast as possible. He threw it across his bed and crawled over to the wall where the other cock was hanging, reaching between his legs he lined it up with his hole and sunk down on it with a grunt. This one was a lot bigger than the other one, stuffing him more completely than the first. He thighs shook slightly with the sheer size of it and he had to take a minute to let the size grow comfortable before moving. When he did though, his eyes rolled back in his head, god why didn’t he start with this one. He fucked himself back on it, loving the feel of the cock sliding in and out of his wet hole. He only had to brush off his cock this time and he was coming hard, letting out a guttural moan. The stretch of the Knot sending him into a second longer orgasm. His mind went fuzzy as he lost the power to his arms, falling face down on the bed, the pull of the dildo sending more shocks through his body. This time, he fell into a deep sleep, not dosing like he did earlier, forgetting all about the open door of his room.
Tony hummed but said nothing, thinking about how Bucky was going to take it.
“Mama, Peter doesn’t need to go into the car seat. Not little.”
Tony rolled his eyes, becoming more clear-headed as he spoke. Looks like a knot helped a lot with thinking. “Maybe because you came in and just decided it was time to mate, without so much as a how do you do!” Tony watched at Bucky stiffened and directed a deadly glare towards Steve.
“What kind of rules?” Peter asked meekly. He hoped it wasn’t anything too terrible.
Mama raised an eyebrow and Peter knew it wasn’t looking good for him. He remembered that look from the other world. It usually told Peter he was in trouble if he kept going. Call him stupid but Peter just had to make a try at not being in the admittedly cool car seat.
“Mama you know that I’m old enough to sit without one of these?” He asked, slightly embarrassed over the who car seat situation.
Tony looked from Bucky to Peter and back again, “You two and anyone else that fought against Thanos and disappeared the first time didn’t have a clue what we were talking about when we made sense of this place. We decided to wait to see if you got your memories back and if not go on as we were. I’m not sure why you got them back now, after nearly a year without having them but maybe it was just delayed in coming back to you, who knows.” Tony shrugged at that, as is mentally getting rid of that line of questioning from his head.
Bucky made a cooing noise, “ Poor you. Maybe next time don’t argue and you won’t get spanked.”
“Then what’s wrong?”
Tony smiled at the happy boy in the back of the car, eagerly munching on his apples and peanut butter.
Bruce had to hide his grin. Peter was such a sensitive boy, he knew that Peter thought he’d insulted him or hurt his feelings and that would devastate him. Bruce stopped him before he could wind himself up too much.
Tony just looked at him with wide eyes before another wave of heat rolled over him and he whined. He looked over at the wall and couldn’t see his dildo anywhere. Where was it? What was he going to do?
Steve gestured to the corner where an ottoman was placed for decorative purposes. “Could you open that and take out the blue box and bring it to me? I don’t want to move Tony just yet.”
“It’s called crashing honey. It means that Bucky has been hiding so much and now that it’s out he can’t handle being big any more so he’s in his little headspace. He’ll probably be there for a while. It’ll make the exam easier at least.” Mama explained. Peter nodded his head as if the explanation helped. He didn’t understand half of what he said but that was okay. He was sure it would all be explained when they went in.
Peter giggled, he loved Harley, always demanding and never getting in trouble for it.
“Why?” Tony didn’t need to ask more, Peter was well aware of what he was asking without having to elaborate.
The trick was to not be overly gentle. Bucky would wake up to unsure touches but if Steve picked him up like he usually did then he would stay asleep.
Yee to the Haw
“Did you forget to look in the kitchen, Petey? That’s where me and Dada were.” Ohh... The kitchen. Dang, it.
“I know my darling but you have to be our good boy as well, right?” He asked, making sure to keep his tone light so the little boy wouldn’t think he was in trouble.
It meant he could see Harley a lot more.
Tony huffed out a breath, “It makes me feel objectified. People are just going to stare at it and then go to the claiming bite.” He said, more clearly this time. Not willing to look up, he knew Steve wouldn’t be too happy with his reasoning but he couldn’t help how he felt about it. Steve pulling him back into a hug and pressing him into his neck so he could scent him was not what Tony was expecting when he told him, yet here they were, with Steve rubbing his muscled hand up and down Tony’s bareback.
“Come on my brave boy. You’re okay. Let’s go get lunch and then you can have a snooze on the way home. Do you want to hold blankey for me?”
He watched as his Dada closed his eyes and looked to be saying something under his breath before opening them and looking sternly at Peter.
“C’n I call you Jamie, like James but a nickname?” He could see Bucky was thinking about it and really hoped he’d say yes. He loved the name Bucky but he wanted to use his real name as well, or a version of it.
“You’re going to warm my cock for a while and once Clint is done we’ll give you a nice orgasm, how does that sound?” Before Tony could protest Steve had the plug out and was driving up into Tony.
“I know I am baby. So are you now. Your last name is Parker-Stark, and as much as I don’t care about breaking the rules, this is for your safety. Little’s are a bit more fragile than the other classifications, you need a bit of added protection so car seat it is.”
It showed how much Tony didn’t want Peter to be upset that he allowed Harley to hand him the whole of a six squared bar of chocolate. Peter for his part, forgot all about being upset over the comment and happily took the bar with a thank you before biting into it. He loved chocolate so much. He didn’t understand why his parents just wouldn’t give him some every day to build up his tolerance. When he commented on it before he got a swift no off both of them. Either way, he got a full bar today and in no way was he complaining. He sent his Dad a smile when he looked back, a silent thank you for allowing him to have it. The car fell into peaceful silence while Tony navigated his way out of the carpark, it wasn’t broken until a few minutes after Harley took out his phone and scrolled through his twitter updates, noticing Peter's name was trending.
This is a link to my twitter if you want to follow. It's updates on when I'll be posting new chapters and what story is being updated next.
Tony shrugged, looking down at the picture he snapped. You couldn’t see Peter’s face, only his mop of curly brown hair and his slight build. The main focus of the picture was Steve’s arms wrapped around his waist and the glare he was giving the camera. It was made even better that Peter was in his Ironman Pyjamas. It would be the perfect photo for Peter’s profile as it kept what he looked like hidden along with showing that it wasn’t a spoof account.
“I think he’ll be my baby brother,” Peter said smugly and Bucky couldn’t handle it anymore he opened his mouth to tell him to shut his mouth but all that came out was a wail. Once the first sob slipped through he was done and couldn’t stop. He didn’t even notice the arms around him until his head was being pushed into a solid chest that had to be Steve’s. He wrapped his arms around his neck and cried out his troubles, tensing when he realised in the middle of his crying he didn’t remember to concentrate on his bladder. He’d let go without realising. He stopped crying for a second and looked at Steve who was grimacing at the wet heat but looking sympathetic at the same time. “Oh, baby. Let’s go get you cleaned up.”
“Hey Peter! You’re going to be too big for me to do this soon!” Harley laughed while Peter clung to him.
“Amazing. Post it and see the world lose their minds. I may text your Papa before he kills me.”
“I really am sorry sweetheart.” He said, sliding his hand up and down slowly. “Normally I only want you to come by my cock in and nothing else but this once I’ll treat you to show you how sorry I am.”
“Well done Bucky.” Cho praised, making Bucky beam. “ One last thing and then you’re done. Can you put them into their colours?” There was only red and green blocks so it shouldn’t be too difficult.
Bucky just waved his free hand in response. “Relax mother hen. He’ll be settled by the time you’re done. I have Stevie watchin’ over me anyway so I won’t be able to get away with anything.”
“Shh, it’s alright sweetheart, I got you.” He relaxed at the sound of Steve’s voice, moaning when he was shifted so he was sitting back against Steve’s chest. Tony could feel Steve’s cock pressing deeper inside of him, the shock of the new position sending him into a dry orgasm. This had been happening since the second time Steve knotted him. Tony was not prepared for how much better a real cock would be, although it might have something to do with Steve owning that cock. His mind went hazy with the orgasm as he relaxed back against Steve, his head falling back against his chest. Steve continued whispering lowly into his ear while rubbing his stomach before talking in a normal voice again.
"Just... Just promise you'll be careful?" The brunette whispered, and Steve nodded, pulling back, kissing Tony lightly.
“Steve Rogers, I love you. I love you, and I want to spend the rest of my life with you. Will you marry me?”
"Thank you." He breathed out, pulling Tony into a tight hug. But Tony was feeling blinding panic. What if he died? Oh god, what if something happened to him?
He doesn’t mind it, though it’s a bit annoying when the music becomes stuck in his head and repeats sometimes. It isn’t like that at all when Tony feels his heart give a pang when he looks up to see Steve dozing, and when he gets closer, he sees the subject of his drawing has been him. It doesn’t mean anything like that, so he just closes Steve’s sketchpad and adjusts him carefully into a more comfortable position before Tony returns to his work. He crams down the tingling he can feel spreading from his fingertips where they brushed against Steve as the genius adjusted him. It's not because of Steve, Tony's just jittery from the coffee and he's eager to return to his project.
He sighs. He’s too old for this.
He suddenly feels like he’s on the brink of something, at the very edge, and with the slightest bit of a nudge, he’ll fall off and into a deep, deep abyss he knows that he’ll perhaps never drag himself out of. Something tightens in his chest even more as he continues to watch Natasha. Her gaze has gone from annoyed, confused, to understanding, and now, to something that looks suspiciously like pity.
Peter sighed, he knew how to control his bladder! “Mama, I know when I need to wee-wee.” Damn it! That made him sound even littler!
Steve cringed. Peter wasn’t wrong. The first night Harley came over it was always him and Tony in the lab together with Peter upstairs with him. They didn’t think Peter noticed it but they obviously didn’t give him enough credit. He was way better at hiding his emotions that he let on if it was only coming out now how upset he was.
Tony winced and Steve glared over Peter’s head at Natasha who didn’t seem to care one bit. Out of everyone, Natasha was the one that broke the no sweets rule with Peter the most. Four was excessive though. Peter would be bouncing off the walls, even more than he usually did.
“It’s okay, we’re going to get you tested and then figure out how you’ve hidden your classification for so long. Once that’s done we’ll see about getting you some relief. Only if you’re good though.” Clint wanted to groan. Of course, this would happen to him. “Lift your leg. And the other one. There we go, now, c’mere.” Bucky said grabbing hold of him so that he was sitting back on his lap. Thankfully he was sitting sideways with his sore bottom hanging in between Bucky’s legs. He watched Bruce warily as he came forward with a needle.
Tony pouted the whole way out to the common area, studiously ignoring Steve. When they got to the common room Tony made a beeline straight for Bucky who was sitting on the sofa watching Clint and Natasha play some game.
“Okay, let’s watch a movie and wait until Mama comes home. You can answer some of the questions then.”
Steve’s brow furrowed, “Sweetheart, I’m a traditional Alpha, we both know what that means. The team will be seeing us knotted a lot. They know what us being mated means and are aware of the respect they need to show you.” He’d made sure of that the moment he realised that Tony was going to become his. “There’s also the training that you’ll be doing. It’s nothing major, just on how to please me and such. We can’t kick the team out of the tower because of that.”
“Bucky, we couldn’t approach you until you got your memory back because you thought you were hiding it well beforehand and we didn’t have the heart to tell you otherwise but we know you’re a little as well and we need you to take the official test to see where you fall.” Bucky paled at Steve’s words. No. No way. This was not happening. He’d just been called out in front of everyone and he couldn’t handle it. The emotions were welling up too quickly and he wasn’t able to stop them. He bit his lip to try to stop the floodgates and thought he was doing a pretty good job until Peter shattered it.
This was a commission! I hope you enjoy this chapter :)
“Yeah, but it was way too long! It’s trick or treating tonight!”
“Hey old man,” Harley responded, pulling Tony into a hug and ignoring his squawk of indignation.
Hmm, that was a good enough compromise for Peter, he supposed.
“Some cuddles for my best boy.” His Daddy gave him a kiss on the side of his head.
Steve walked around the Land Rover and took Peter’s hand, he knew his son was old enough to cross through the parking garage by himself but just four months ago he was very nearly hit by Clint when he decided to run ahead of his parents. Since then he had to hold one of his parent's hands where cars were involved. Today was another example of just how unaware Peter was of the cars surrounding him. He knew it embarrassed him but he’d rather have him embarrassed than dead.
“I dunno, I see you as more of a mother figure sometimes and it just slips out. Is that okay? I’ll try and stop if you hate it. Do you really hate it?” Tony felt panic at the slightly teary-eyed boy in front of him. No way was he going to get Peter to stop. It was like his own unique nickname for him.
“Well if that doesn’t say sorry I don’t know what does,” Bucky said blandly, walking in with a tray full of crackers, tortilla chips and dip along with numerous bottles of water.
DooDooDooDooDooDoo
He took off running ahead of them, ignoring Dada’s call for him to wait on them. He wanted to see the bath that Jamie was having. Jamie was sick so he needed all the bubbles. That would make him feel a lot better! It always helped Peter, in both worlds. He rushed into the bathroom where the water was just about filled and saw that while there were a few bubbles but there wasn’t near enough for his liking. Dada and Mama were way too trusting and left the bottle of Iron-Man bubble bath just out for anyone to take it. Peter fumbled with the lid for longer than he wanted, getting it off just as Dada and Jamie walked in. In panic Peter tipped the bottle upside down and emptied it into the bath swirling his hands to mix it into the water, ignoring his sleep suit getting wet.
“Clint? You’re not an Alpha? What are you? A Beta?” He stopped, hoping Clint would reply with an affirmative. When he didn’t Tony swallowed and asked more tentatively. “An Omega?”
“Now, this is better than the fake one isn’t it?” He murmured, nosing at Tony’s gland on the side of this throat. He licked it once, twice, three times and Tony was clenching against him. Steve chuckled and kissed the spot pulling another moan out of Tony.
He stripped as he waited for his Papa to empty the bag. Ignoring the laugh he got from both of his parents.
“I don’t want you to but I’ll allow it if you put up the rules of the Q and A before they ask and give me the phone for the next hour so I can delete all the tweets that aren’t appropriate.” Peter was happy to agree, handing his phone over to his Papa so that he could write the tweet out as Peter watched.
“Guys leave the dishes, I’ll see to them. Tony looks like he’s going to be here for a while. Clint, you can help me.” He said, seeing what reaction he’d have. Clint just nodded, remaining seated as the rest filed out. Bucky ran a hand through Tony’s curls before leaving. “Have fun doll.”
“Steve, what are you doing here?” Tony asked when he finally found the words.
Bucky and Peter were also very aware of the scrutiny, both of them hiding their faces from the stares.
“What’s wrong doll?” he asked, rubbing a hand down his bare back. Tony just grumbled and snuggled closer into Bucky, making himself comfortable. Steve rolled his eyes at the obvious display.
“You can say hello to your aunt and uncles in a few minutes honey, first I need to check your head, okay?” Peter looked wide-eyed at his new Daddy, not saying anything, instead, he gave his thingy another suck. It must have been enough because he smiled before pressing gentle fingers around where he hit his head. He pressed directly on the bump and it made Peter flinch and whine, throwing his body back so it was against his new Mama and away from those mean fingers. He heard his new Mama give a grunt when he threw himself back but he didn’t care, that
“Hi, Papa! I missed you!” He said, cuddling into him, sighing happily when he Papa squeezed him back.
Tony really, really didn’t want to give in to this and it was completely selfish why he didn’t but he knew that what Peter said made sense as well. This would be a better way of letting the world know about him while keeping him completely safe and out of the camera’s harsh glare. He did have a few rules for it though.
"You have nothing to be worried about. I know how it can be to go up on a stage, not knowing how people are going to react but you have something that I never had."
They had even erased all the thoughts from the Winter Solider's brain of Steve himself, Tony is pretty if he had been there in that moment, he would have felt Steve's heart break at the thought but that didn't excuse anything. Nothing.
Tony was pretty sure that if he could complain about being interrupted mid-rant he would have but as it stood, he really didn't care as he was cut off by Steve placing one of his hands over his mouth, giving him a soft look as if silently telling him to shut up, which was then replaced by Steve's own lips as he kissed him.
With a quiet word of agreement, his A.I. went silent for a few moments before a very loud buzzing sound began to fill the air, as Tony understood that she was looking through all of his records trying to find the information that Tony had asked for, she would need to access files that Tony had originally put blocks onto until he would allow them to be accessed and from there she would then need to find the right frequency to play the voicemail.
And the voicemail fully stopped, just the mechanical voice updating Tony that that this voicemail message had been left on the seventeenth of March two thousand and seventeen and giving him the options to save the message, delete it or call the number back, the first two times after Tony had first gotten the voicemail he had tried to return the call thinking it rude for that bastard to tell Steve what to do but both times the number had went right to voicemail and he had given up.
Tony felt a tightness in his chest loosen as he finally let loose what he had to, he knew it was wrong to shout at his A.I. like that but she really had drawn the line between Boss and assistant and trying to insinuate that Steve was off doing god knows what and wasn't thinking about him was unforgivable, he wasn't that forgettable, was he?
"When you ceased kissing me? Steve, I know your from the forty's but come on, even you must admit that makes no sense."
And now it was Tony's turn to laugh, a faint crinkle of his eyes and a short, sharp high pitched sound that made Tony flush slightly.
No matter how many times Tony had now heard the voicemail, the sound of that thing being in the same room as Steve was enough to cause Tony's hand to close into a fist thinking about how much he would just love right now to have it be Bucky's throat in his fist and to be choking the life out of him right now.
From there he begun to understand the little things that he had failed to see before, when he and Steve had still been an item, how jealous he would seem to get at the smallest of things, how he had always wrapped an arm Steve's shoulder, sometimes even his waist whenever a random stranger would thank Captain America for saving them or if someone started to flirt with him, Tony would always make sure he was well within earshot, always equipped with a little hand making it's way around Steve's waist, sometimes even walking up to him and grabbing Steve when he was in the middle of talking to someone only to pull Steve down to him, pressing their lips together in a hot and messy kiss, his hands bunching up in Steve's shirt, pulling him so close that whomever he was speaking to would suddenly remember that they had somewhere to be and take off, leaving Steve in a slight state of confusion before Tony would wave the thought away from him and kiss him to ensure that he would forget about it within the next few moments.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony says.
“I love you,” Tony murmurs softly, and Steve’s pulse drums out a reply against his mouth as he speaks into his skin.
“You already know.”
“Feels good,” Is all Tony says before he nestles closer to Steve, and then, within the next half hour, he’s out cold, napping on his husband.
Tony sighed, reaching up to rub his fingers over his brow, deciding that Fury could wait a few more minutes. He was unwilling to go into a meeting with the SHIELD director who was most likely looking to milk another few million dollars worth of tech from Tony if anything just yet.
Tony and Steve are touchy. There’s simply no two ways about it. They’re physically affectionate and open about it, gentle and adoring. It’s a habit, and they have no plans to stop doing it now. They kiss wherever they can reach, the cheek, the nose, the chin, the jaw, the forehead, the eyelid, the shoulder. Steve’s favorite place to kiss is just behind Tony’s ear he discovers, one lazy afternoon.
“Damn SHIELD, too old for this,” Tony groused out finally, drawing himself up to full height as he turned, waving a hand. “Tell them I’ll be there in about an hour, J,” he added, pressing his lips into a thin line.
Steve was… He was flawed. He was so obviously flawed, he cared for the people, he loved them, he wanted to help them and shelter them, just not the correct way. Despite that, Tony couldn’t help but admire Steve. There had been some similarities between him and Steve in the past. They’d both cared so much, and the older, more pathetic version of him had idolized Steve for it. Tony’s fingers tapped against the table in a sharp staccato, annoyance surging through him. Still, things were different now. Things were different, and yet, why hadn’t his feelings about Steve disappeared with his flaws? Surely, this… this insistence and his obsession with Steve was a flaw, he’d been so sure that all of his flaws had disappeared with his change.
And Tony complied.
"Yes, I'm back, Tony. God, I'm back, I love you." Tony could barely comprehend the cheers and clapping in the background as he watched Steve with shining eyes, beaming through his tears, and Steve couldn't help but think how beautiful he looked like this. He leaned down, kissing away Tony's tears, and it was only a moment later when Tony pawed through his pocket, fumbling for a moment before he pulled out a little black velvet box, pulling away and dropping to one knee right then and there, opening it and holding it out to Steve. Steve could hardly breathe, and everything seemed to be going in slow motion and spinning dizzyingly.
He remembers everything. It floods him in a torrent, the pressure is so much. He feels like he’s drowning. Everything hurts.
Tony had long ago found out that being still was a difficult task for him; his fingers were always twitching, his mind flitting from one issue to the next, the desire to help and find new ways to improve, fix, and protect the people and those around him deeply embedded into his being. He’d grown long used to the incessant stream of clamoring ideas in his head, inspecting, discarding, and even reinventing the numerous designs endlessly until he’d made them even better than before. Sometimes, sleep eluded him when his active mind absorbed all of his attention, his body restless and ill at ease until he was in his lab, purging and proving to himself that these ideas couldn’t possibly work—until they did. The itch to do something often started from his fingertips before slowly spreading, consuming him whole like tinder set on fire. It burned in his blood, urging him into action before long—his thirst for knowledge and his desire to be useful demanded that he slake it.
Steve and Tony are touchy; they know each other's sweet spots, so to speak.
Natasha.
Occasionally, he finds films that Steve’s missed and watches them with him when they both have time. He’s just helping him catch up, and it doesn’t mean that Tony has feelings for Steve or anything; he's bored and restless, and for once, he doesn't want to hole up in the lab and work on anything. And yes, so maybe his heart skips a beat when Steve laughs softly every time Tony shows him some new Disney film and he ends up singing the part of Dr. Facilier from The Princess and the Frog. Maybe Tony needs to start laying off the coffee to get his heart to stop jumping at the smallest of things. Sure, Tony can't really focus on the movie because he's hyperaware of the fact their thighs are brushing together and he can feel Steve's warmth even through the fabric of their clothes. It's not his fault that Steve runs like a furnace and Tony keeps getting distracted from the heat.
Warmth had spread through his entire body, and suddenly, it had been like he was taking a breath after a long time underwater. Steve had breathed out softly, reaching his hand up to brush over Tony’s cheek. The contact had shot an electric current through Tony and he jumped, the spell broken, letting Steve’s arm go in an instant and drawing back, something akin to panic rising from deep within.
Being motionless was a task near impossible for Tony… Until it wasn’t.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when Tony’s heart seems to be pounding even faster than before when they’d been giving it their all to dethrone each other.
His lip curled into a grim line as a flash of blond hair and the bluest eyes he’d ever seen appeared in his mind’s eyes. The man was always smiling so brightly at him whenever he thought of him, warm, caring, and disgustingly good. Despite Tony's gut curling contemptuously at the thought of him, something clutched at his heart painfully tight, squeezing simultaneously.
Tony’s first instinct rises. He retorts back. “What is?”
Tony’s eyes hardened as he clenched his jaw, his teeth near grinding against each other as he clenched his hand, nails biting crescent-shaped marks into the flesh of his palm. His gaze was baleful and fixated against the far wall, knuckles whitening against the force he was exerting on his fist. Damn Steve Rogers. Who was he to be the flaw, the weakness to Tony’s design, to his perfection? What was he? What was it about him that Tony couldn’t seem to let go and brush off as easily as the others? Baring his teeth silently, a puff of air hissed out past his sharp grimace, anger clouding his mind. Tony couldn’t rid the world of Steve Rogers. He could hardly rid himself of Steve Rogers. There was something about him, something that Tony simply couldn’t figure out, no matter how much he tried. Something held Tony to him—there was little doubt in Tony’s mind that with one slip up, he would be like a moth that had been burned by fire, helplessly drawn to the light it gave despite knowing the harm that would come its way.
He turns his head and kisses the skin on the inside of Steve’s wrist, and there’s another shudder, and Tony sees it this time. He smiles, and he can feel Steve’s pulse thrumming under his lips, through the fragile skin of his wrist. Being married to Steve is wonderful, and even if they have rough patches, it’s moments like these with Steve’s heart beating fast with that pink flush over his pale cheeks that make things clearer and even more special.
“It’s- It’s not like that,” he mumbles, and Natasha’s gaze softens. He can feel the prickling lessening, that’s the only way that he knows that it  has. He takes a deep breath and looks up again, meeting her eyes. A silent conversation ensues.
He needs chamomile tea, even if he despises the taste of it. It’s only convenient that he knows Steve likes his chamomile tea with a bit of honey. It’s only a coincidence when he can’t sleep and JARVIS informs him that Steve has been in the kitchen for 30 minutes, still as stone.
When Steve finally stops, he’s breathing even harder. He leans forward with his eyes closed, hands on either side of the punching bag to support himself, sweat soaking his shirt and causing the thin fabric to stick to his body. Tony’s eyes flicker down from Steve’s nose to his chin, down the line of his throat, watching his Adam's apple bob as he swallows. His throat is probably dry after that rapid session.
“Good. Because I did too,” Tony murmurs, reaching over to fit his fingers against the nape of Steve’s neck, tugging him back, and Steve comes willingly with another small noise, and they’re kissing again.
No other words had stolen his breath away from Tony more effectively than the four words Steve uttered now. The army... No. It was even more dangerous nowadays, and joining now had a good chance of death. Steve. Dead. Tony cringed away from the possibility. No. That was unacceptable.
His name sounds delicate on her tongue, suddenly. It feels as if he is on a very, very thin sheet of ice, already cracking and breaking, and the weight of his name is only causing it to break faster and faster. His fingers tighten, curling into his pants, holding his breath. He only has a moment to think helplessly that there is no going back from this before Natasha nudges him.
Perhaps that was the answer. Steve was flawed, definitely, however, if Tony could convince him… Perhaps Steve was another person that Tony thought could join him in this world of perfection, the utopia he envisioned. Steve was the peak of humanity, perfect and flawless in such regards. Tony already knew Steve was willing to make sacrifices, do what he thought he needed to do to reap the best effects of whatever his goal was. He was a strategist, a risk-taker. A hero. If Tony could convince him to see things his way, Tony knew that Steve would be a worthwhile ally. He was a man worthy to take part in what Tony considered his grand plan for the saving of the world. Only Tony could save the world from the broken, the sad, and the weak. Despite this, every god had a soldier that was devoted to the cause—that was devoted to him. Something settled rather comfortably in his chest at the thought of Steve taking his rightful place by Tony’s side, devoted and loyal to him and their cause.
The god of the sun and light. The god of medicine, and healing. The god of pestilence and plague. The god of prophecy and truth. Every time he smiles or laughs, it makes him feel warm like the sun has dappled itself over his skin. Sometimes, it’s more than he can take, especially when his smiles or laughs are directed towards Tony, and suddenly, things aren’t so dreary anymore. Those times, it makes something inside Tony swell so much he can’t breathe for a long moment or two, heat ravaging his body to the point where it was almost painful.
“Yeah. Okay,” Steve finally managed to regain his wits enough to speak.
His husband had come home.
He cares for Steve. They’re close, Steve is important to him and just because Tony feels his heart cave in on itself every time Steve looks up with his glassy blue eyes, that doesn’t mean that Tony has emotions he’s not facing because he doesn’t know how Steve will react. Still, Tony stays, sitting next to him without a word. Sometimes, they talk. They talk about anything and everything. Sometimes, Steve tells him what’s bothering him, other times, he doesn’t. Tony doesn’t push, but he nudges and coaxes when he feels he needs to. After a while, Steve leans in to brush their shoulders together, and when he cracks a feeble joke about how this has become a usual occurrence, Tony knows that he’s going to be okay. Other times, Tony leaves the plate of food and water and leaves him be because Steve doesn’t look up when he comes in, and that means he just needs some peace before he bounces back.
Two weeks.
“He’s gone.”
"O-Oh my g-god, Steve." He managed to stammer out, pulling away, a hysterical laugh bubbling up before Steve smiled again, his own eyes filling with tears, and Tony pressed in, pulling him down into a harsh kiss, refusing to let go, almost like he was fusing their bodies together, and Steve returned the kiss, a wave of emotion rising from the pit of his stomach, and it felt like it was going to break him open, to little bits. Tony never wanted to pull away, but he did, pressing their foreheads together, breathing hard, a hand sliding up to press into Steve's cheek, his thumb stroking over his cheekbone. "Y-You're here... O-Oh my god, y-you're back..." He sobbed again, and the blonde nodded, leaning down to press another soft kiss into his mouth, swallowing Tony's I-love-you's and I-missed-you's, sliding a hand over Tony's on his cheek, steadying the trembling.
Tony watched as agents milled around by the hangar, stocking or unloading. Some were cleaning or taking their breaks, huddled against the wall like a cluster of penguins braving the cold together as they attempted to appear invisible for a few minutes of undisturbed peace.
“Once for luck.
After he’d left, a mere ten minutes later, Tony had suddenly felt a wave of exhaustion unlike any other that he’d felt, and so, he’d slept, sprawled over the couch, though the last flitting thoughts in his mind had been of how close Steve had been and how warm and electrifying his touch had been. He’d awoken to his headache gone, reinvigorated and more inspired than he had been in a while.
The rest of the day went on like this. Clint told him that he had to visit some friends when Tony asked to spar with him, and Rhodey excused himself saying he was getting some extra training in when Tony asked if he wanted to hang out. Even Bucky bailed on him, muttering something about being busy today. Tony was extremely confused. It almost seemed like they were avoiding him. He messed around in the lab a bit more, before the sound of footsteps made him raise his head, blinking.
More memories arise.
After a moment, she raises a brow. It’s all Tony can do to keep from saying more to defend his honor, lips pressing into a thin line. They lock eyes again. Tony wavers. He looks away.
He sat quietly within his lab, back pressed against the chair he’d set himself down in. The deep hum of machinery surrounded him, cocooning him in a cacophony of noises that Tony had always found solace and soothing in. He sat still and silent, the only hint that he wasn’t a statue hewn from stone was the slight rise and fall of his chest as he took careful, measured breaths. Though his eyes were open, they were distant, his thoughts occupied and fully immersed in them—for the first time in a long, long time, his mind was clear. Everything was organized, filed away, quiet. Tony could finally remain still, could see the stretch of road spread before him and he regarded it with mild amusement, welcoming it with open arms.
"Pepper, really, what's up with yo--" His words cut off as he looked up toward the direction where Pepper was staring at, and froze, his mouth gaping open, mouthing words soundlessly. "Oh my god." He finally spoke up, his voice a hoarse whisper, his phone dropping onto the floor with a clatter.
"Let's go home." He murmured, and Steve nodded, giving him a smile back. The rest of the trip was a blur, Tony's eyes refused to tear away from Steve, their fingers wound together tightly, and Pepper smiled smugly back the whole ride. Her mission was accomplished.
She seems… sad? Tony doesn’t know why.
The god of prophecy had told him that he’d fall in love since the moment that he’d seen Steve smile. The god of truth tells him now that he is in love every time his heart dances when he even sees a glimpse of him.
His faith had been Steve.
“Of course, sir.”
Because Tony says “I love you.” in all other ways but saying it directly.
A god only deserved the best, after all. The best soldier. Another being who would become Tony’s most trusted, his angel. His Michael. A smirk settled over his lips as the satisfactory thought sent ripples of contentment through him. Yes, this was the way that Tony would go. He would do whatever it took to achieve his own goals, and Steve was among them. It was simple.
The genius tapped his foot on the floor, his mind slowly running over the list of things that still required his attention. He had almost fully engrossed himself in the reorganizing of his priorities when he was interrupted once more.
"...I'm joining the army."
Tony’s favorite place to kiss Steve is his wrist. He soon discovers this when Steve reaches up to curl a hand around his cheek one early morning in bed as a greeting, thumb brushing over Tony’s cheek, and he’s sighing, leaning into the hand, eyes closing, and then... He feels a shudder. His eyes open and he looks at Steve, who’s a bit flushed, and Tony blinks. He exhales softly again, and there’s the tremble again. He soon realizes what the cause is.
With a disgruntled noise, Tony shoved back from the table, reaching up to drag his fingers through his hair as he leaned back into the chair he was seated in.
“Is it about Steve?” The brunet blurted out, and the unsteady lurch of his heart in that moment made him feel as if he’d be sick.
"Yeah!  Uh, what did you need me for again?" Pepper tried to avert the conversation from them once again, and the brunette blinked, before nodding.
Steve gets a little drunk on Asgardian mead. Luckily, Tony's there to look after him.
Tony watches as the man subjected to his gaze remains oblivious to it, solid thumps resounding each time his taped hands make contact with the bag. He watches as Steve ducks his head low, azure eyes focused intently on one thing and one thing only, intense, unrelenting, and rapid. Steve’s hair gleams in the light, like spun gold, and Tony wonders quietly if it’s really fair for someone to be so… Perfect.
"What?"
for me, and darling, to be frank, I'm not at all ready to go through it again, but. Marry me. Steve Rogers, marry me." Tony murmured, the ring inside gleaming under the light, and his sudden proposal even shocked Pepper, who stared at them, one hand held to her mouth, and the blonde finally snapped out of his own trance.
“Ah, fuck, Tony!” Steve’s hips jerked forward, unable to help himself. Tony focused on suppressing his gag reflex then, feeling the slide of Steve’s velvety steel length thrusting deep into his throat for just a moment. His clever tongue twisting around the hardness now resting in his mouth, writhing to find any and all sensitive spots he could. Sealing his lips around Steve, Tony’s mouth became a point of hot, wet heat and the blond let out a choked moan, head tipping back and thudding against the back wall as streaks of pleasure arced down his spine. The way that Tony looked—perfectly content while swallowing Steve whole—only amplified the supersoldier’s experience.
"Pepper, why the hell are you dragging me to the airport for you to greet your cousin? God, I have work to do." Tony muttered, struggling briefly against the ginger haired woman's grip, trying to escape before giving up and letting himself be dragged toward the entrance.
Tony’s eyes move on to sweep over Steve's collarbone over to the strong shoulders, tracing over the curve of his biceps and muscled forearms to large hands. Steve has an artist's hands. Steady and poised, his fingers are long and slender. It always catches Tony off guard.
"No, hey, I'll do it!" Pepper said hurriedly, and Tony blinked, frowning.
Natasha’s face is wildly concerned, and there’s pain in the twisted way her face contorts.
“What brought this on?” He questions, finally, and Steve just shrugs, looking at him with a strangely soft and open expression, lips curled into a slight smile. He takes another swallow of his drink and Tony eyes him for another moment before chuckling and waving it off. Steve’s eyes are blue and bright with contentment. That’s all that really matters to Tony. Tony blinks. Wow. When did he get so sappy and soft? Then again. He’s been crushing on Steve like a schoolgirl for a while, so he shouldn’t really be surprised.
“Tony, Tony, oh fuck, please, I’m close, Tony-” Steve babbled, his voice a broken, breathless cry that trailed off at the end when Tony sucked him down vehemently one last time. The release that the blond hadn’t known was hovering just at the horizon crashed down, the almost violent way it tore through Steve creating a low, pounding roar sound in his ears. Steve’s hand was tight on the back of Tony’s head, silently begging for him to stay as the man’s mind near completely shorted out as he slumped against the wall, boneless and gasping breathlessly. If Tony hadn’t kept Steve pinned against the wall, the blond was sure that he would have collapsed, bones turned to jelly.
That is, until he does.
Tony paused.
Later, the brunette watched Steve sleep, nestled against him, his head leaning against his chest and his arm sprawled around his waist as Tony used one hand to support his head up, the other reaching down to brush over Steve's mouth, then his cheek, his jaw, then slid the other into his hair, tugging through it lightly. He was home. Steve was home. And this was where he would stay. He leaned down with a sigh, kissing his forehead, and the blonde sighed happily in his sleep, nuzzling closer. Tony's expression was soft and tender, and he murmured quietly against the skin of his forehead.
Tony chose that moment to draw back until only the tip of Steve’s cock rested on the flat of his tongue, distracting the blond with a particularly forceful suck before beginning to bob his head as he slid both his index and middle finger inside of Steve simultaneously. Steve let out a sound dangerously close to a mewl, the sudden stretch and burn of Tony’s fingers breaching him sending white, hot sparks skittering across the back of his eyelids.
"Trust me, Tony, you won't regret it." She merely grinned at him, and it made him narrow her eyes. What was going on? He huffed, and ran his fingers through his hair.
Tony doesn’t say “I love you,” but he does say a lot of things.
Tony didn’t bother answering, a huff of laughter chilling Steve’s skin before the brunet was drawing away. The man’s eyes snapped open as he desperately clutched for his husband before he even processed what he was doing, wanton and frantic to keep Tony close to him. For a split second after Steve opened his eyes, he regretted the decision as he received the perfect image of Tony sinking to his knees, shrugging off his suit jacket, leaving him in a white dress shirt that tucked into grey slacks and framed his legs and hips perfectly. The matching vest and burgundy tie only accentuated how impossibly handsome Tony was. He had no right to look as put together and at ease as he did when he was on his knees in front of Steve, looking up at him with a filthy smirk that only made the simmering want within the blond heighten to new levels, his cock throbbing in his pants in answer.
Damn JARVIS. He must’ve told Steve when he’d asked why Tony always grimaced sipping chamomile tea.
"Actually, Tony, I was just going to take the day off and relax, you know?" Bruce cut in rapidly and a bit awkwardly, and Tony tilted his head, before he coughed.
No, it doesn’t make his heart ache with an indecipherable emotion when one day Tony meanders into the kitchen with no purpose after starting awake for the third time that night and pacing for quite a bit. He finds Steve already there with a cup of chamomile tea and honey, another cup of black tea with a splash of milk and three cubes of sugar waiting for Tony across from him.
A hand suddenly cups his cheek, fingers tentative against his jaw, turning his head, and before Tony can process what’s happening, there’s a pair of slightly chapped and soft lips on his own. Tony is still processing, and he doesn’t know who gasped, so he does the one thing that he can; he kisses back. When Steve lets out a soft sound of surprise and delight, that, Tony hears very clearly. They kiss, warm and gentle, and something curls hotly in Tony’s chest. After what seems like a perfect eternity, Steve draws back, and Tony blinks at him.
"Tony, please. I want to help. I'd rather walk away with your blessing than fighting with you. Please." He pleaded quietly, and Tony swallowed hard, shaking his head wordlessly, his fists clenching. No. Nonononononononononono. Please, no, anything but that. However, against his intention, the words forced themselves out of his mouth, faltering.
“JARVIS, save and shut down the program. Can’t focus,” he grumbled.
Well, he thinks, I’ll happily be Icarus for this Apollo.
Having just returned from a mission, Steve hadn’t had the opportunity to clean up. A thick beard covered Steve’s chin, framing his jaw. His hair was a little longer and darker, slicked back from his face to keep it out of his eyes; Tony stood riveted as he watched Steve lift his shield, letting it slide smoothly in place onto the harness at his back, hands clad in fingerless gloves. Steve’s uniform was a little worse for wear and stained black, which wasn’t really a surprise, considering he’d just returned from what seemed like a stealth-op mission. Even from this distance, Tony could see that Steve was still fully in mission mode. He moved with a certain grace and determination, clear blue eyes stern and commanding.
Apollo, the god of prophecy and truth.
It doesn’t mean anything like that when Steve comes down to the lab with a sketchbook in hand, and for some reason, joins Tony and sits on the couch sketching and drawing whatever comes to his mind. It’s a comfortable silence and Tony often just falls into the mechanics of whatever he’s working on, and sometimes, he switches playlists to songs that he knows that Steve enjoys.
Yes, he thinks, his gaze trained on the backside of a certain blond man punching away at a reinforced sandbag. When it comes to self-destructive tendencies, he is absolutely the number one man to go to.
“Damn Tony.” Was all he was able to muster, getting a laugh out of him.
Peter yelled out in fear when he was taken away from his Dad’s neck. Fighting to get back without any success, just ending up on Steve’s lap.
Tony grimaced, the last time Harley came over Peter went between being super excited to have him there to being super clingy with Tony.
“That’s the general gist of it though. Is there any questions you have?” Bucky stared at him, wide-eyed, not sure why he wasn’t explaining what they really wanted to know. Before he could ask though Peter bet him to it.
“Not to when it’s not necessary.” He mumbled. “Sorry, Mama.”
Nodding with confidence, Peter picked up his Ironman plushie and walked out of the half-open door. Strange. He was sure that was closed tight when he woke up. Peter shrugged, meh, maybe he didn’t see that it was open. He walked down the carpeted hall, listening for voices but couldn’t hear any. Was he here by himself? When he walked into the living room his tummy did a little flip. There was no one here. Did they leave him by himself? He didn’t like being by himself. Sure he was big but that didn’t mean he didn’t need his Mama or Dada. Where was Jamie? Peter walked around in a circle, doing a 360 of the room, finding no one. Unwilling tears sprung to his eyes, he didn’t want to be alone. Maybe they were angry that Peter dressed himself? Is that why they left him by himself? Was it punishment? He thought that they would just give him a time out not leave him alone.
Peter’s mind was reeling at everything that happened in the past few hours.
“Looks like we're up!” Tony stood up and walked to where they were being called, relieved that it was Cho.
Tony was happy that Bucky submitted so easily to the physical. He stayed on Tony’s lap but allowed Cho to do her thing. He kept his death grip on Tony the whole time though, showing a small bit of his nervousness in the matter.
Steve rolled his eyes but did as was asked, switching between himself and Tony with the pasta. Watching at Tony rode his first orgasm out.
Clint looked distinctly uncomfortable, “Oh yeah, love it. Feel’s great.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Was Captain America Daddy? How? Why? Where in the heck was he? He whined and buried his head further into Mr Stark’s neck.
Of course, later, he finds out, he is not Icarus who plummets to earth with the words "just once" on his lips. Later, he finds out that they can craft their own take of Apollo and Icarus when Steve asks him to go for dinner and kisses him sweetly. Tony realizes that he can keep him.
Just that one word, just the name of the man that Tony had always thought he had loved had left his lips and in that very next small second, Tony had opened his eyes again, his mind trying to tell him that it was going to be all okay whilst his heart had been breaking further.
No, he had been there mostly because of what had caused the death of his father, caused him to have been able to breathe a sigh of relief when the shouting had ceased to exist but also had been the reason as to why he had had to listen to how his mother had suddenly lost her fight, had had her breath cut off. The reason why he had come to understand that he would never know the true reason as to why his father had hated him so much, why he had never shown him any love, why he had acted like he had been mourning the loss of a son despite his true son still being alive. The reason why his father had put all his trust into two people, one of whom Tony had put his trust into too, thought that he could trust with his whole life, the other one who Tony had never fully trusted and still to that day hadn't been too sure of, no that wasn't right, he hated that other guy.
His own damn fault, sure he had tried his hardest not to believe it first of all, instead tricking himself into believing that it had all been a dream or that it was all down to Bucky, the Winter Solider, that bastard who had killed his parents, from there the blame had switched to making sure a part of him knew it was Steve's fault, if only he had tried harder and actually tried telling Tony the truth instead of always hiding it away, protecting HIM.
And there he was, America's greatest hero and the love of Tony's life, one Steve Rogers or as most people called him, Captain America had found, Tony had known right away who it was but hearing his voice made him feel that little bit just more safe as he leaned back into the arms surrounding him.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y. play it." Tony knew that he had made the right decision, despite how much he knew it was going to probably going to kill him inside, he just knew that he had to listen to it.
"F.R.I.D.A.Y." Tony mumbled to himself, knowing that his A.I.'s keen hearing sense would pick up the words being stated to her.
"If you want to kill him. You'll have to kill me too."
Steve's lips would curl up on one side during that exchange, inviting Tony to join him in the shower instead, Tony unable to turn down that face down plus shower sex with Steve had always been so passionate, Tony throwing his head back every time against the tiled marble and crying out Steve's name as he came, loving the moments that they could share together and maybe just maybe knowing that it would be pissing off one Agent Phil Coulson when he wouldn't show up on the time for their meetings, the man being so punctual himself that Tony hadn't been surprised to learn that the man had arrived three hours early for his own birthday party.
'No' Tony had wanted to hit himself, whack his own face at that thought, he shouldn't have been thinking like that.
In the dream he had been back in Siberia, his Iron Man suit had been dented and scratched in places, his breathing heavy and loud as he and Steve had stared at each other, Tony from under the metal visor of his mask whilst Steve had had the hood of his Captain America suit up, the blue colour of the suit itself really bringing out the blue of his eyes and just making him look even more like the hero that his dad had always spoke of, the one his dad had loved more than him.
No, he hadn't been there directly because of his father or anything so surreal as that.
"Sir" She was very persistent it would seem, "I will do so if you wish me to but it isn't really good for your health is it? Captain Rogers himself does not seem to be wallowing in self-pity."
And now Tony couldn't help but see that Steve had probably done the right thing by cutting him loose when he had before he could have gotten any worse and maybe hurt Steve one day, that was one thing that Tony knew he would never had been able to forgive himself for, if he had ever hurt Steve which he could guess in a way he had but... Ugh the light was messing with his brain.
"So I guess I'm not allowed to tell you how much you sound like I once did before I got this serum when I ceased kissing you."
