Steve complied, moving his hips faster. He leaned in and kissed along Tony's neck and jawline as he moved, breathing softly.
'Captain Steve Rogers.' He replied back with a soft smile, giving a firm shake of hands. 'Its a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Potts.'
Steve chuckled softly at that, scratching his nails along Tony's sides carefully.
"Honey. It's okay," Tony soothed, "It's going to be
"Go ahead, Pete," Tony laughed, putting his stocking aside to watch.
"You should know there is nothing wrong with having two daddies, Peter. And there is surely nothing wrong with being smart. Smart people go places." Steve said carefully, reaching out to wipe at Peter's tears. "What I don't get is why your teacher hasn't done anything about it."
"God. We'll have to get baby stuff then," Bucky sighed, screwing in his half of the hammock, "And take baby classes. Actually, I think Clint's still registered as a babysitter, so we might be good."
"Missed a spot," Tony grinned, wiping shampoo bubbles on Peter's nose.
"Oh." Steve said simply, sitting up with a stretch and a sigh as he waited to get up to shower.
"What're ya 'hey'ing, hon?" Steve asked curiously, walking up carefully beside the other.
"Oh, is he now, is he?" Steve whispered back with a soft grin, turning to kiss Tony back softly. "And how exactly does he plan for that to work, hm? Where's he at?"
"At least we know what not to have in the house anymore," he muttered.
“What would we have worried about, Steve?” Natasha finally asked, voice careful and full of genuine curiosity and concern “What happened?”
"Ooo, that’s a good size welt." He murmured. "Lay down, I'm gonna get something cold to put on that, okay? Wait right there." Steve explained, running to find the kitchen.
the one who asks for advanced questions," Tony pointed out, "I don't ever move it up. He does it himself."
"Daddy gon' get ah behtime schnack," Peter nodded.
Steve shot Tony a look that said that it was a perfectly fine question to ask.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Tony chuckled softly, resting a few more moments before attempting to get up from the tub.
attracted to your shyness it’s unbelievable," Tony murmured, kissing the moles on Steve's neck, "I love it."
The blond smooched the boy's head and went back to the stove to finish cooking.
Tony shook his head fondly, leaning down to take Steve's cock into his mouth again before swallowing deeply, relishing in his taste before pulling off with a quick breath, nipping at the tender skin.
His nightmares were far away, for once in his life; Tony slept deeply, only waking when the sun hit his eyes, causing him to blink sleepily in the morning light. He yawned, scrunching his nose up at the feeling of dried tears on his face. As last night trickled back into his memory, Tony kissed Steve's hand again, resting his cheek against the cool metal of the engagement band. The blond stirred softly in his sleep at the touch, humming gently as he slowly opened his eyes. He smiled as he met Tony's face, moving to kiss his lips gently.
"It wus fun! We got ta see da pengwins an' da sharks and da fishes!" Peter enthused, snuggling his penguin and his Daddy's chest.
over the threshold. So that's just what's gonna happen." Steve grinned back happily, getting out of the car and over to Tony's side to scoop him up out of the vehicle.
"These and a few pictures are all I really have of him, save for the few small memories from when I was little.".
The two of them walked slowly down a hallway, Tony looking at all the art pieces as they passed.
That pushed him over the edge: Steve came, moaning Tony's name and legs wobbling, the desk the only thing keeping him up. Feeling Steve clench around him sent stars up Tony's spine, slamming his hands on the desk to keep himself standing.
"I know hon, but it's not like I snap the memories away," Tony mumbled, "I have a photographic memory, which makes it a
He smiled at the boy's cheers, happy to relax back into his recliner.
"Nice try, but I think that movie is a little too mature for you." Steve hummed back, raising a brow. "We need to see what Daddy thinks."
Steve pulled back with a bashful grin, giving the boy a shrug. "Well I had to give Daddy a hello kiss. Nothing wrong with that."
His lip trembled, but tears didn't fall.
"Ain't that the truth," she murmured, "You wanna hold him, Tony?"
"Ooh, Steve--"
"Oh." Peter shifted for a moment, feeling Steve's tension.
"Papa! Papa look it’s a penguin dolly can I have one
He patted Steve's backside before slipping off of him, a knowing smile on his lips. Steve pouted slightly as Tony moved, rolling over on his side.
"It’s no problem. No problem at all." Steve smiled back sweetly, smooching Tony back and nuzzling into the touch.
like that outfit. Love it. You're so gorgeous in lace."
"Steve, you go," Tony hummed, taking Peter from him, "He is your half, after all."
"Okay. We'll... Try to avoid it. But this is pretty severe, Steve. He painted on a seven
"Sammy's sleeping right now, but I'm sure he'll join us later," Tony laughed, scooping the little bear into his arms, "Yeah?"
"Food." Steve assured with a grin, setting a small bowl of macaroni and a glass of juice in front of Peter. He then turned to get his and Tony's bowls, setting them in their place on the table.
"Did you sleep at all, Pete?" Tony asked, raising an eyebrow at his son.
"We would never give you away, baby. Having another baby wouldn't change that. We love you too much to let go." Steve explained softly, pulling the boy close for comfort.
"Night Daddy, feel bettah," he whispered, tiptoeing out of the room to go and read.
"Are you still embarrassed?" He asked in a hushed tone.
He locked himself in the bedroom, turning to face the floor-to-ceiling mirror. Slowly, he stripped himself down to his boxers, gently removed the bandage from his chest and arm. Tony didn't sigh at the scars, but rather, ran his hand over them, feeling the hardened skin under the pads of his fingers. With a hum, Tony threw the bandages away, putting jeans and a wife-beater back on; he could do this. He could show his scars.
"Swing wit' me, Daddy! It’s fun."
"Awe honey, you just had your first laugh, and it's so
"Here, we'll take a nap together." He hummed softly, kissing the boy's forehead.
"Let’s get you those saltines, okay? We'll go in the kitchen to eat them then we'll tuck you back in." Steve soothed, carefully carrying the boy downstairs.
Oh no, this man was gonna kill Tony from how sweet and genuine he was. It wasn't fair, just wasn't
about you taking me over you knee gets me riled, Steve."
'Did you wanna watch a movie before bed tonight?' Steve asked softly, looking up at the other with those blue, puppy-dog eyes that Tony wasn't sure Steve knew he did. A lot. 'I know you had a long day, but maybe it'll help you relax? I tried to watch one earlier, but it just... didn't feel the same without you watching it with me.'
?" he squeaked, "I-- What? Three hours, we leave him alone for three hours and he does
"Oooh, Steve, not with Peter next door," Tony grinned, not budging an inch, "Thought we agreed not to scar the kid."
"Oh."
'I'll keep him in check.' Steve said with a small grin. 'Its a pleasure, Ms. Potts.'
"Sir--" Tony's voice trembled as he turned his head into Steve's neck, whimpering loudly. "Please Sir, d-don't let me--" he moaned, shutting his eyes to reign himself in.
"I love you," he replied, curling up in his blanket, "I miss your warmth, though. Miss some other things from you since we've always had people over--"
Tony tsked at Peter, smooching Sammy's hands when they smacked over his lips.
"Aww, but Steve, he's so cute like this," Tony muttered, sitting at the island and putting Peter in his lap, "Just
"And you're too good,
"Oh. I'm Pepper Potts. I'm a good friend of Tony's." She stated, extending her hand for a shake which Steve warmly took.
"Always good f'you, baby doll," Tony breathed, moaning into Steve's neck as he came.
"I am if you keep doing that." Steve hummed warmly, leaning into the touch. "I know you like them, I just feel like I've hurt you doing that and I don't want to ever hurt you."
"We'll try to, munchkin. We don't mean to be loud, promise." Steve answered with a sigh, glad Peter didn't catch on. "So, are we good? Got everything explained and better now?"
"Yep. We were thinking of the idea for a while, but we needed you to be okay with it before we decided to start working on it. So you have made us really happy, baby boy." Steve praised, smooching Peter's head.
"Hi." He said back with a smile, gesturing at his face. "You've uh, got some grease on your face."
"Where are your cuffs at?" He asked in a breath. "You said you had smaller cuffs because you slip out of regular ones, right?"
"It was fun. Saw a lot of interesting fish there. And the penguins were cute, of course." Steve explained softly. "Peter spotted it at the gift shop and he was good, so I thought why not?"
"Awful, awful man," Tony muttered with no real sting to his words. He drank his coffee and finished off his sandwich, holding the still-warm cup in his hands.
"So that’s what that was about." Steve teased, following in tow. "And I am older than you, so don't be complaining of being 'too old'."
"He's not going to sleep, Steve," Tony laughed, rolling his eyes at Peter and Clint's complains, "He'll be up waiting for Santa."
"It doesn't matter," he replied bluntly.
"Maaaaaybe..." Peter said softly with nonchalance in his voice. "I got it, though."
"That plan backfired, little man. We will end up making sure you sleep. You should know that. Plus it'll help you get better, sweetie."
"Or else you get the Kissy Monster!" Steve laughed, kissing all over Peter's face with a monster growl.
Each of the swats weren't bad at all. There was a slight power in them, but none to actually hurt. Just a small sting left behind. It was a good type of sting.
Steve halted in his movement just a split second as he worked, a warm smile growing to his face.
"The show is on the 30th? That's today...".
"Just be careful giving him that, though." Steve cautioned behind his sesame bagel. "We need to take him to the doctor to see when we can get him started on real food honestly. I'll need to call and schedule an appointment." He hummed.
"Mmm, I love you...so good to me. Wanna be good to you." He said between kisses.
"How come we can't take 'im home today?" Peter asked curiously, lightly touching one of Sammy's curls.
The both of them lightly laughed, and then it grew silent for a moment.
"We can do that. We can totally do that, sure thing love." Steve said enthusiastically, following Tony along eagerly.
"C'mon, need you," Tony breathed, grinding his already tight pants onto Steve.
Peter gave them both a suspicious look, but didn't question it, opting to change into day clothes.
"Dat's not twue, is it Papa?" He asked, just in case.
Steve looked at his clock.
Tony laughed and ruffled Peter's wet hair, standing back up on creaky knees.
Tony nodded wordlessly, shoulders a bit stiff as he helped cook. Once everything was ready and set, Tony set the table, brushing his fingers through Peter's hair.
"Well hi there." He said softly, gesturing to the mug of coffee beside him. "Fixed you a cup." He hummed. "How was he doing?"
"Alright. Food should be done by the time you're out." He called back, heading down into the kitchen to get things started.
"It's worth every second," he whispered, "Every damn second."
The brunette gave him a quizzical look.
"Well that depends on how much you're wanting, birthday boy." Steve said sly. "But you still don't get the surprise until tonight, though."
Steve nodded, getting out his wallet and ordering the decision of flavors in some cups. He paid the cashier for the treats and headed back home as the boy ate at his ice-cream.
"But you would think there would be some form of evidence left behind. Yet the police could find none." Riley pondered. "That's why we've come to you, Mr. Stark.".
Peter grumbled again, but made no other protests as he was tucked into bed with his penguin. Steve pet the boy's hair gently, leaning down to kiss the boy's forehead.
"Please? Please, love. I need you, baby.
"Hey, I resent that." Clint said as he entered along with the rest of the group.
"Dis is Wade. He's really soft 'n stuff 'n he's nice ta cuddle."
Peter smiled at that, and nodded, kicking his legs a little.
After sprinting for a good while, Tony was almost to the building. He thought that he might of just made it. There was a student that was starting to exit the building just as Tony arrived at the doorway. He tried to go into the building, but the student stopped him from doing so using her body.
"I love you so much," he mumbled, "I want to tell you every single fucking
"You doing okay?" Steve asked quietly, eye on the screen as they watched on. This guy on screen should know better than to provoke the damn thing, honestly. That’s when things happen.
"Don't be sorry." The human said, waving off the apology. "It meant I got to meet the guy who saved my ass from drowning and actually got to have an interesting conversation with someone. You're definitely something special, Steve."
"I am fairly certain I believe the same with you, too." Steve softly grinned, kissing Tony's lips lovingly. "Not what I would have expected, but I am perfectly okay with that. This is much better~"
"Yeah, yeah, okay."
"Like Uncle Bucky's?" He asked curiously before nodding slowly and letting Tony fix up his hair.
"Probably just house allergies," Tony snuffled, "It is allergy season. And cold season."
"Well, if that's how the time will go for getting called in, I might just act up a little bit more." He grinned contently, soaking deeper into the water. "But it was very fun. I liked it, 'Mr. Stark'." He chuckled with a dopey grin.
After they had finished, Steve said goodbye to Bruce and went back on his way to his own dorm. On his way back he kept that image of Tony in his mind, making sure to make a rough sketch of it immediately when he got back.
"Mhm." Tony made a 'bleh' noise at Steve's kisses, wiggling out of his arms to sit up.
"So this is... So I've--"
It was all Tony could do to nod, breathing in Steve's warm cinnamon and Irish soap scent, calming him down slightly. He curled into Steve, eventually giving way to his mental exhaustion and falling asleep. Steve let Tony curl up to him happily, humming gentle melodies against his ears. He let him sleep as soundly as he could, running soothing circles along the man's back.
Taking a breath, Tony put his hands on either side of Steve's head, sitting back to get a better angle. He thrusted slowly, leaning down to capture Steve's lips. Steve kissed back, deep and wet as he moaned against his husband's lips. He moved as Tony did, along with each thrust and in perfect sync as only they could.
"Okay," he replied softly, laying his head on Tony's chest, "What is it?"
Steve wasn't too sure if Tony should've told him that exactly, but it seemed to stop Peter from worrying.
"So they are little, metal people?" Steve asked excitedly, flicking his tail gently in the air
"Steve, he
Tony snorted a laugh, pressing kisses into Steve's side. Steve grabbed one of his pillows and smacked Tony playfully.
Steve thought for a moment.
"That sounds like fun. Just you and me for a few days. Do whatever we feel like." Steve hummed softly. "And it'd give me the perfect excuse to just pamper you all I want." He grinned as they pulled into the garage.
"Eager?" Tony joked, squeaking when Steve shoved him up the stairs, practically slamming him against the wall. "Yep, very eager, good to know," he wheezed, already trying to strip himself of his clothes.
"If y'gonna spank me, y'gonna leave more than hickies," Tony hummed.
"You wanted to see me, Mr. Stark?" He asked, trying to sound coy.
He grinned, dissolving into giggles anyway. The blond couldn't help but giggle along with the other, nuzzling into Tony's hair.
Tony set the basket on the counter and made fast work of getting Peter tucked into bed, making sure Wade was snuggled in beside him before going downstairs to unpack the basket and put everything away. He'd only thrown the picnic blanket in the washer when familiar arms wrapped around his waist.
He yawned, reaching for his plastic cup to take another sip of invisible coffee.
to get across through their bond. Tony squeezed Steve's hand, pecking his lips before pushing him lightly onto the bed. "Get it now?"
"No. I hate to disappoint you, but he can barely handle the notion that he's now a free man. Getting him to speak anything but Russian or German is a struggle on even his best days. He's still paranoid and volatile enough that he's staying in Hulk's playroom. Winter is... he may be coping well considering his condition, but I don't think throwing the life he used to have in his face would help him any."
"You're impossible."
Steve was in love with him, he realized with sudden, startling clarity as the blond walked away. That was why the Man With a Plan was so fine with them being called 'mom' and 'dad'. He called the ‘bots his kids not because he was messing with Tony but because that was what he wanted them to be. Fuck, he was a moron. The signs were all over the place, and all the couple-y things had not actually been friend-things. Steve had been trying to woo him, so slowly and carefully that Tony hadn't noticed.
Tony was feeling pretty damn proud of himself when glaive guy immediately gave a howl of pained outrage, staring at spear chick and redoubling his efforts to get to her. Less proud was the moment that Spider-Man was swatted away like a bug. Maverick hurled himself up in the air to catch the kid and then they both went down, leaving glaive guy clear to struggle out of the webbing he'd been bound in. Spear chick was still fighting Captain Marvel's hold, but that fight was getting weaker, so he cut the cluster cannon and took a moment to survey the rest of the battlefield.
"Permission to fly in the suit without getting the Air Force called on me. Same for Harley if he wants to hang there with us."
Harley and Peter were just as amazing, and they stepped up to take care of the things their metal siblings couldn't. Mostly that meant Avengers business, because neither he nor Tony were remotely ready to return to those duties. Steve didn't know that he ever would be. Something in him had changed, or shifted, or broken maybe, because he was just so
"If I was just some... scheme-a Loki's, no way in hell you'd ever know until it was too damn late. Dunno about the Loki from this world, but Lokes is a clever sonuvabitch that could run circles 'round just about anyone he wanted. It's a good thing he's one-a the good guys now or we'd all be pretty damn worried."
"Mmm." A soft, sweet kiss later Tony sighed and pressed his face against Steve's neck. It was a tickly feeling that he loved, and he squeezed the man briefly in return. "They can... I'm not ready to visit there yet, but I don't want... they're your friends. Your team. I know you miss them. So if they want... they're always welcome here. Even... even your Bucky," the shiver of fear in the name meant that Steve wouldn't be inviting his finally-found, misused brother any time soon. "Could come tripping the light fantastic and stop in."
~.~.~
"Say I was."
"Probably a good plan. Hey, Tiny Adorable Steve?"
Tony drained his tea while his fellow Avengers murmured their goodbyes. He got the hell out of dodge before he ruined everything and made Cap hate him again. It was kind of annoying how downright happy he felt after making Cap smile - no one should have that much sway over his emotions, not even his childhood hero. But whatever, it was fine. They'd finally managed to have a positive interaction, which meant there was hope for another one and even a third. Maybe - just maybe - they could even get to the point where Tony could claim that Captain America was his friend.
"True, but Lokes won't let him be the first inta a potentially hostile situation. Wouldn't mind usin' Pegs as fodder though."
's eyes.
"I only wanted to help you Tony," Rogers called in that sincere, plaintive voice of his. He had been giving into that voice, into the idea that Rogers was
"That doesn't make any
When the near-blinding light had faded, leaving him blinking back spots, he found out that both he and STAR had been wrong. Peggy and Shellhead were there, sure enough, but they were shoulder to shoulder and wearing matching grim looks. Shellhead was out of his armor, but that wouldn't mean anything... especially not when a glowering Loki stood at his back. Rounding out the party was Jan, who began to dance with excitement as soon as she saw him.
"Really? 'Cause when Winter first shook it off, he was full-a rage and fear in spades. He'd go from holin' up in the walls of the mansion like a damn rat ta breakin' people's bones without any kind-a warnin' at all. He wouldn't hardly speak ta nobody, and when he did it was mostly in Russian or sometimes German." Not that he'd been around much for that, but he'd both heard the stories and seen the tapes of those first months of Winter's freedom. "Some days he still can't talk in nothin' but that, 'cause as much as I want him ta magically be all better and whole, he's fucked up and he always will be. Maybe Carol didn't give me the details, but Bucky has ta be goin' through some-a that stuff too. She wouldn't have called Winter in otherwise."
"We shouldn't need to go back, though." Steve said quietly. "It’s our time alone. And we are going to enjoy it. I won't worry anymore. Promise. Will just worry about us having fun."
"He wasn't upset with you at all, sweetie." He informed softly. "He just remembered a bad thing that happened a year ago and it makes him really sad thinking about it."
"Fuck, God, yes," he breathed.
"Awe, Papa's just teasin' you, sweetheart," Tony laughed, keeping his arms around the boy as he carried him to the downstairs bathroom, "Let's get you all washed up for dinner, okay?"
"What you teach me is real 'portant, Papa. I just don't ask ya for more cuz I know you are busy with da stuff around da house da rest of da time. I don't wanna make you busier." The boy explained softly. "With Daddy, I'm jus' able to learn while he is working cuz what I learn is 'volved wit his job.".
"Jarvis--"
"Dat's stupid," Peter replied, a bored look on his face, "Why yell? Couldn' ya love eacho'da a lil quieter?"
"It would have been different if it weren't at school, Tony. You know that it’s against the rules.
Tony gaped over at Steve, only taking a second before grabbing his collar to pull him down for a kiss, ignoring Peter's gagging noises.
"Your sketchbook. It could have some drawings in it to help jog your memory. If we could find that-- May I?" he said in askance, gesturing around the room.
"You all nice and warm?"
"It was unexpected, but it wasn't bad. Hurt my ass a bit after with the spanking, though." Steve answered softly. "You have fun, though?"
"And if for some weird reason we aren't soulmates in that sense, we are still soulmates in the other. And I would never want to leave you. Ever
"Have fun," Tony called with a laugh, going about cleaning up the kitchen and putting the cookies away. Once he was done, he grabbed the bag of Pete's gifts and the wrapping supplies from the hall closet, and went upstairs.
Steve leaned up with a grin, nodding as he stood up.
"Hmm, maybe. I hope that’s all. I mean, I know not every gets a soulmate, but I wouldn't think they have dwindled so much." Steve explained, tracing small shapes along Tony's arm.
"Sometimes, it doesn't feel like it," Tony whispered, kissing him back.
"Sounds wonderful." Steve smiled warmly. "As long as we don't rush it all. Take our time with it."
"He'll probably--a-ahh-- ask questions if we did. Okay, no more talking until later about this-- oh, God." He moaned out.
Steve was the first to wake, but he didn't open his eyes. He stayed in this half rest with a soft hum, hugging Tony closer.
"Oh my god," Tony snorted, hefting himself up again, "Never,
He scooped the boy up in his arms and smooched his cheeks. "Let’s get you cleaned up and cozy. We'll be back, Daddy." The blond smile, taking the boy to the bathroom.
"Yes. Family time. Big happy family cuddle." He hummed, linking their fingers momentarily before turning to start the car. "And we can tell them the news, too. Oh God, we are going to be the baby-obsessed couple. I just know it." Steve sighed.
"Just a tough love intervention." Bucky hummed, playing with the baby's finger. "I sort of... Snapped at him. But apparently that worked?"
Steve beckoned Tony over once he had gotten the ham in, whispering a question softly.
"Baba," Sammy made grabby hands for Peter, crawling over to grab for his glasses, "Baba!"
Tony frowned.
I've worn lingerie for you yet."
"F-fuck--" Tony writhed in Steve's lap, arching as he tried not to cry out from the pleasure soaring through his veins.
He smiled fondly and settled down next to Pete, nuzzling the boy's hair as he started to wake up.
He stood to tug the lacy cami off, pulling the blond down for a kiss. Steve kissed back happily, tilting his head to deepen it.
"You look like a wolf about to pounce its prey to eat." He commented, turning back to cook.
"He don't act like it." Peter chimed, observing Sammy's happy noises. "He seems happy wit' his chewin'."
"You are very welcome, Peter." Steve answered, ruffling the boy's hair softly as he sat down to eat. "After we eat, we can go play with some your toys too for a little bit before bedtime. How's that sound, kiddo?"
"It would appear so." Steve chuckled warmly, smooching Tony's cheek as he passed to set the table. "At least you won't be for too much longer since breakfast is served!" He said dramatically.
"I found it, Tony." He called softly, getting greeted by the smell of coffee in the kitchen.
"Take your time, guys," He chuckled, sitting down once everyone had been fed.
"If you're going to throw something, don't make it the cookies." Steve sighed, snuggling Tony. "But I can see where Peter is coming from. Because you used to live by yourself away from everyone, but when I met you, your heart grew in size and you let more good things in." He hummed.
Steve hummed, running the ruler along Tony's back. "Isn't your birthday today, Tony?" He asked in mock curiosity. "Think I should give you birthday swats?"
"Peter," Tony scolded lightly, scooping the boy up, "You need your clothes, silly boy."
Tony clicked the phone and stared at it before turning to Steve, mouth slightly unhinged.
"I know, next time, I want you facing me," Tony murmured, tucking his head under Steve's chin, "If you want a next time, that is."
"No problem. I'll be sure to let you know. The wind gets to some people." Steve grinned, helping Tony off the bike. "Plus you look
Peter harrumphed in delight, giving Tony a satisfied smirk.
He stood and smooched Steve's temple, turning to go off and find Peter.
amante."
ask me to marry you." He chuckled sweetly. "But it’s good because I love you too. Makes it less awkward."
"I know what you're thinking, and yes, they're straight from Moscow, one of the originals of the Romanoff clan's antiques," Tony grinned, shifting a squirmy Peter into his lap, "Took forever to find, though."
Steve followed not long after. Feeling his husband clench around him and the bite brought him over the edge, coming hard into Tony with a muffled cry.
Tony shivered under his touch, gentle pants escaping his lips. He ducked his head shyly, preening under Steve's fingers.
Tony gave him a kiss and led Steve from the room, rubbing his eyes.
Peter shrugged innocently and stuffed in the rest of his donut, cheeks puffed out like a chipmunk.
What had he gotten himself into?
Tony woke an hour or two later, comfortably snuggled up to Steve's warmth. He yawned, stretching until the ache in his back flared up.
"You guys made it! Come on in here, don't be a stranger."
"He was
"Uh, yeah. Yeah, just--" Tony sputtered gently, trying to carefully lift his soaked shirt up enough to show the other the reactor. The blue of its light illuminated the dusk lightly, reflecting off the merman's eyes which gazed in admiration.
been that quiet at night-- he's probably heard it since--since forever--"
," Natasha hummed, bouncing Peter on her knee.
"So, do I get to know what this is? Or...?"
Tony trooped up to the boy's room, not surprised to see it cleaned. He turned to go back downstairs, but against his better judgement, opened the boy's closet. Tony looked around for a second, laughing at the footprints on the wall and shelving.
The brunet simply smiled as he walked towards Steve, hands still in his pockets as he approached.
“Stevie. You’re serious?” He asked carefully, empathy in his expression once Steve nodded in assurance. “Last night was the full moon. You changed. That’s why you’re in there, right?”
"Just gotta wait for the adrenaline to wash out," Tony murmured, pressing his nose into Steve's cheek.
He smiled anyway, tangling their legs together before pulling the covers up around them.
"Come on, Steve, come all over my goddamned desk," Tony breathed.
"I can do it," Peter rolled his eyes, carefully holding Sammy up.
"You can't get someone pregnant from a kiss, Peter. Daddy's being naughty and telling fibs."
"Relax, babe, you're really tight today," He soothed, running a hand over Steve's ass.
"You're right, I do know that. You just better hope that Fury doesn't find out about this mishap. He already wants to fillet you for today..."
Tony stuffed his phone back in his pocket, biting his lip nervously. "Just... don't call me a good boy in public," he muttered quietly, clenching his teeth at the shiver that ran down his back, "Unless you're into public fraternization."
"What if he doesn't feel that way towards me? Or any guy for that matter?".
Rhodey gave a small sigh and leaned back in his chair to write things down once more.
"I'll behave and stay out of your thoughts," Tony promised, grinning as he grinded down onto Steve, "Unless you don't want me to behave."
Tony woke up slowly the next morning, eyes widening when he had realized at some point he had fallen asleep. His brain moved a mile a minute trying to piece together the events the night prior, noticing he was in neither his bedroom nor his lab. He heard a soft groan from the spot next to him that helped jog his memory of having been in the Hulk chamber with a lupine Steve. The warmth of the blankets and the other’s fur must have been what brought him to sleep.
"Papa?" Peter looked up sleepily from his chest, patting at Steve's hands, "You otay?"
"I don't know what you get out of this," he stated.
Spitting out the leftover toothpaste and rinsing his mouth, Steve turned to his boyfriend with a concerned look.
He slowly reached down to take Steve in hand, pumping him while nipping at his neck. Steve tilted his head back and keened as Tony moved his hand slowly, giving a small gasp at all the touches.
," Peter replied tearfully, "Buh I don' want you an' Daddy t'get seperated eider--"
"That’s good. Good they can be here for you." Steve hummed, sitting down next to Tony and handing him his coffee and oatmeal. "Here. Eat this. Get something in your stomach."
"Now, we have
of self control with you, if I am being completely honest." Tony admitted with a soft look, running comforting hands up along Steve's slender legs. "We'll get further if you end up wanting to, but for now we're just gonna help with your friend there."
Bruce sighed audibly, glancing at the three next to him. "We should probably let the fiancés have their morning in," he said with a knowing look, "Tony's probably eager to get his husband-to-be back upstairs."
Tony smirked, stroking Steve roughly.
Peter tapped at Tony's bowl, inching it closer to himself.
Tony quickly cleaned and trimmed himself, running a hand through his hair before stepping back into his bedroom, stretching happily.
"Somewhere in the middle." Steve replied softly, leaning with the touch which felt better. "Just stung a bit."
"That means sink baths!" Steve said happily. "I love it when they are little enough you can clean them in just a sink."
Peter pouted as his hands were cleaned off, wiping his hands on his pants before sticking his thumb in his mouth.
"Go go go go go go go go--" Peter continued to chant in between giggles, bouncing on Pepper's lap.
Tony caught on and thought about it. He gathered a collection in his mind and filtered out memories he didn't feel comfortable sharing with someone he barely knew. Finally he settled on one he was willing to share.
It was silent for a moment until the door unlocked, Peter heading back into his hammock as Tony came in.
, Papa."
"Peter? Open the door, please," he called.
"He'll learn all these things soon enough. But you can't keep him completely clueless forever." Natasha added. "Just take it small bits at a time of what he is exposed to."
"Fuck," he gasped, whirling around to grab onto Steve, "They're sedating him right now, behind the curtain, he'll be okay--"
"Fuck," Tony wheezed, arching his hips up to give Steve more access, "P-please, Sir, I need you so bad--" He tried to roll his hips back onto Steve's fingers, whining softly.
“Syl Syl!” Dodger nearly barked, darting out the bedroom and towards the elevator that went to the other floors.
Peter drooped sadly in Steve's hold, still quiet as they walked downstairs. He felt terribly guilty; he'd be only trying to make his dads proud, and instead he'd made them upset. With that thought, he promptly burst into tears, unable to get any words out through his cries.
"Ameh!" Peter shouted, reaching over for the huge plate of ham.
"That would be nice. As long as we can all deal with each other." He chuckled. "There's more than enough room."
"Yessir!" Peter said happily, smooching Tony's cheek back in response before the man was too high up. "I'll be good, I promise."
"Give him credit, too. I didn't have to tell him to do that either." Steve said with a teasing grin. "But we have it covered. There are things he does
Steve watched in surprise, trying not to make a sound although he wanted to cheer Sammy on. Peter was teaching Sammy to
Peter froze and held his hand up, counting down from three before pointing at the door, watching Tony walk in the room. The brunet stopped and looked around, raising an eyebrow at Steve.
"Steve?" Tony slurred, completely confused, "Wha's wrong?"
"For first-time mothers, it's rare. It definitely could if her family has a history of it though," Tony chuckled, playing with the hairs at the nape of Steve's neck, "Yeah, Sharon seems like a swell gal. I can't wait to meet her."
"He thinks I'm good looking. He's quite the charmer." Steve grinned. "Daddy's says 'Twenty-Five Dollars'. When I first met him, he had on a scarf to hide his tattoo and the price tag was still on it. Why he spent $25 on a scarf still confounds me to this day."
"Love you too, sweetheart." He grinned, leaning in and smooching Tony's lips. "Very much."
Tony dissolved into a babbling mess, breathy gasps escaping his lips as he felt Steve coat his insides; he gently pulled himself off Steve, collapsing onto the bed in a blissful heap.
"S'hot..." Steve grumbled half asleep, a shiver leaving his body regardless. He leaned into Tony's hand, cool skin on his forehead.
breakdown, and you didn't
Steve hid a smile at that. "See? Mini you. It’s amazing to think you’re not blood related, you guys are so much alike." Steve stated. "That’s why I love you both, lots--"
Steve let out a noise meant as a chuckle at Tony's last statement, laying back and enjoying all the touches and praises. He hugged Tony slightly in their position in thanks, running his hands down the man's back slowly and softly.
He kissed the top of the younger's head gently, shutting his eyes as well. "Have a good nap, Tony."
Steve went and held up three fingers again, and Tony's face about went white.
"I didn't exactly have a father figure to learn from myself, either." He murmured with a sigh. "Your's was words I can't say with the baby present and I didn't ever get to meet mine. But I think we do great, considering all that. Especially you."
He smooched the reddening hickey on Steve's neck, humming happily.
"If you want. We don't have to, I've dealt with it since I was a kid, so I'll be fine." Steve assured, nuzzling into Tony's neck. "As long as you're there to keep me warm, I'll be okay."
He grinned, biting his tongue to not laugh.
"Now who's the meanie?" Steve said softly, but kissed Tony back lovingly. "You just took it a little too far, there. Sorry I got upset about it. It's just, you're my first real relationship and I'm protective of it. Plus it’s weird talking about people we know like that..."
"Steve, fuck," Tony managed, vision whitening for a moment.
"Everyone else's sleeping, right?" Tony murmured, gently pushing Steve back towards their room, "Then yes, definitely, need to warm up--"
He made sure Steve was asleep before allowing himself to drift off, protectively wrapping his arms around his husband.
"It's open," Tony called, not bothering to look up from his welding station, "There's food in the fridge if you want any, beer on the second shelf. I'll be a few minutes."
"He's got one guy, Bucky. Dude's got a metal prosthetic, awesome as hell," Tony replied cheekily, putting the boxes on the floor before trailing after her back to the van, "I dunno if he's poly, though. I'd have to ask."
Steve jolted up, hand instinctively going to his ass cheek at the pinch. He rubbed it slightly with a pout as he headed towards the door to be met with Natasha, Clint, and Bucky.
Steve nervously grinned and chuckled.
Steve hummed happily, snuggling further into Tony and shutting his eyes.
Steve leaned in and cut Tony off with a kiss, a smile on his lips. "That sounds so great, Tony. Smarty pants, got everything all figured out. He is going to absolutely love it, I know he will."
He grinned, easily capturing Steve's lips. Steve giggled against Tony's lips, brushing their noses together for a moment.
Steve shook his head no.
"Eugh, you know I hate my middle name," Tony chided, leaning up to nip at Steve's nose. "I want healing sex. Is that a thing? I'll need to research that."
"Sorry Peter, but what Uncle Bruce gives the big people is only for big people's eyes, baby." Steve explained. "But whatever he gets you will be just for you, I promise."
Steve looked back at the man carefully, taking the hint and wandering over to the other side of the room to play with the bot.
"Okay, Papa," he hummed, smooching Sammy's chubby cheek.
"Gonna take the blindfold off," he murmured quietly, removing the silk, "But I don't want you looking back here, alright? It'll ruin the surprise."
liked the man in glasses.
"Oh, god, not you too," Tony grumbled, folding his arms, "You are--
Steve smiled soft at his boys in the car mirror, pulling into the garage to find Tony's car already parked.
Tony plopped a kiss on top of the boy's head, managing to get his arms underneath Peter so he could stand without the boy falling over. He put the tyke in his high chair, wrapping a bib around his neck.
He licked his lips, carefully unclipping the garters before pushing his stockings down to his ankles and gently tugging the panties down to Steve's knees.
"Sorry. Bath time was kind of messy." He blushed.
"Almost, Papa and I have to run out and get some supplies," he told the boy, tucking his bangs back, "Aunt Pepper's gonna come and babysit you for a little bit. That okay?"
"Hey now. Cookies are meant to be eaten, not thrown. I thought we learned that in kindergarten?" Steve chuckled, kissing Tony's head.
When Steve's lips started to move, but no words came out, Tony gave him a serious look.
This chapter is mildly explicit, so I wanted to give y'all a heads up :0
A big pallet was made on the floor, tons of blankets to make everything comfortable. Tony pulled away from Pepper to lay down on the pallets, pulling Steve to his front and latching onto him.
"I know. I won't be able to discipline him at all," Tony sighed, "You get to do that, Papa bear. I can already feel that he'll go through the bratty five year old phase."
"He's gonna at all deh cookies by himselfs," He gasped, taking the bag from Steve once his bandaids had been paid for.
"Are you, munchkin?" He chuckled, smooching Peter's face. "Y'sound a little asleep still, baby. Once you wake up, we can get some ice cream, huh?"
"Man, he was my absolute favorite growing up!".
"Bastard," Tony muttered.
"In that particular closet. Steve's got a pretty high limbo, but that's not
"You're right, Pete does get it from you," He hummed, "Including his attitude."
All the blood rushed to Steve's face, quickly getting out of the car when they were parked. He went to the driver's side and practically dragged Tony out of the car and into the house.
"Yes, Steve, please--"
He pulled the ruler back with one finger, thwacking it against Steve's ass.
Peter's eyes filled up with tears and he threw the marker, hands going up to rub at his eyes.
Peter nodded, slowly but surely getting through brushing his teeth. When he had finished, he reached up at Tony, looking up at him with pitiful eyes.
"I'm not stressing. Nope. No stress here. Cooool as a cucumber." The brunet huffed, giving the other a careful look. "Just be good, okay Aqua Man? Keep the doors locked, and if you need help with
"I don't want to embarrass you, Tony. I'm sorry. You just make me feel so good and I just-- Is this not normal for humans to do?" Steve asked in concern, looking up at Tony with those big, blue, puppy dog eyes.
"It’s kind of like that. I've never been yet, so we can check it out together." Steve hummed turning on the road, "And I guess we can go to the store. Why you wanna go, bud?"
Sammy whined gently as he patted his hand on Tony's lips, almost as if he tried to will the muffin back out of Tony's mouth.
He grinned up at Steve with doe eyes, letting his bottom lip quiver ever so slightly.
"Well I guess my old man did have to watch out, huh?".
"Sure. Sorry I don't pay much attention to the status of my lips." Steve stated, rolling his eyes as he laid back more on the bed. "I might start, for your benefit."
"We'll take about it later," he promised, gently moving Steve onto the bed, "Okay?"
Steve stifled a laugh. That was too cute.
Tony laughed, easily lifting himself up to wrap his legs around Steve's middle. He caught the blond's lips again, trailing his nails down Steve's chest. Steve hummed against the kiss, grabbing at Tony's legs to help hold him up as he continued to rut against him.
?!" He groused, "How come nobody
invigorating," Tony replied shyly, looking down at his feet, "I can't help but stare at you, Sir."
"Come on," he muttered to himself, not hearing the workshop door open.
Steve nodded with slight pink to his cheeks, flipping them around slowly on the bed. He straddled Tony carefully, looking down to him with a small hum.
Steve swam over to place his finding on one of the shelves and replied.
"Well, it is my genu-ine pleasure, sir." Steve answered back in the same accent, nuzzling his cheek before stretching a bit. "We probably should get up for a little bit. Gather up the others, make breakfast, and send them on their way. All that jazz."
Steve chuckled as he watched the boy go, then turning to Tony. He linked their fingers gently and leaned over to kiss his lips softly.
"Ngh..." He moaned, shivering from the second finger. "Tony... Gonna be too soon..." He breathed, eyes fluttering closed.
Tony slept deeply, waking up slowly as he was tucked into Steve's chest. He yawned softly, nudging his chin with his head.
Tony turned around, letting his hands rest on Steve's chest and head in the crook of Steve's neck.
Steve patted Peter's leg gently, with a soft smile. "I even told Sammy that when he was down for a nap, it was my time with you.”
going to talk to him, because we're both his parents, and he's cranky after a day out anyway," Tony replied gently, moving to sit up.
He moved them slightly so the pressure was off his chest, taking in a deep breath.
He grinned, filling up his plate before grabbing his cup of coffee.
"Of course, Sir. I cannot have my reputation tainted by an incident to the principal's office." He gasped.
. Everything's okay, I promise."
Tony dissolved into laughter, smooching the boy's forehead.
Tony wrapped his arms around Steve's waist, resting his head on the blond's chest. He sighed happily, smiling at his giggling boy.
"We did. And I have your cookies. Three of them, since you earned them." The blond said carefully, examining the boy's face.
"At least it's settled down for a while," Tony murmured, kissing at Steve's collar, "We've got a couple weeks before I need to get back to inventing stuff."
"Love you too, Tony. So
"I would love to go see the house, Tony. I'd love to see how it looks in comparison to the way you described it. It sounds great."
"Oh, baby,
"Shut yer face, Barton," he called, taking his flustered state to go grab the boxes that contained his lab equipment.
Steve hummed at the touches contently. "We really did. Such a sweet boy. A lot has to do with how we raised him. How he learned being around you." He grinned.
“Is it gonna answer why you’re in the Hulk’s playpen?” Came another voice with a second pair of footsteps announcing Sam and Bucky to the group.
"Yeah, baby. Just don't stay up too late, okay?" Steve whispered back, kissing Peter's cheek. "Good night. Say night to Daddy too before you go."
"Well, it was always one of those things where when you find out that you do have a soulmate somewhere, you wonder what they're going to be like." He hummed softly.
"Have a good nap, okay? We'll get you in a little while. Love you, munchkin." He whispered before shutting off the light as he and Tony left the room.
"Yeahuh! Aaallll the time." The boy said exaggeratedly.
"And I think it’s nice to know that you have someone for sure destined for you. Not everyone gets to have that..."
Steve sighed as Peter left. It was too early for this. "Thank you." He hummed, kissing Tony good morning. "And why was feeding the manta rays so secret?"
"Hey, Auntie Pep isn't gross," Tony pointed out, "Or Auntie Tasha."
"I know, bubba bug. We gotta get you changed first." He replied to the boy, getting him in a fresh diaper and a new onesie with little bears on it.
Tony could only nod, voice lost in shuddery breaths and hiccups. He sniffled, trembling slightly against Steve's chest. "I love you," he croaked, pressing his nose into the dip between Steve's collarbones, "I love you so much."
Peter looked up at Tony.
"Steve, I
"Otay, Papa," he mumbled, rubbing his eyes with a tiny fist.
"It’s a little hard to forget when its deep colors on white furniture, bubba." Steve explained with a sigh. "I honestly don't know if I can get all the stains out at this point. They've set for a while."
"Well there you go. I like to be tense."
“Both choices have their merits! And on any other night I would delight in either food, for Midgardian pizza is a marvel I wish could be recreated in Asgard, and we all know I relish Asian delicacies. But there is a chill in the air, is there not Tony? None can argue that--”
, done
"You are a fucking traitor. No. You
Those first two months of being a team had been... challenging. Without a common enemy it was hard to get every Avenger on the same page. Even being in the same room for longer than five minutes without any bloodshed had been a victory some days. There had been quite a few personality clashes, misunderstandings and glaring at first. The more time they spent together though, the more they relaxed. Fury was keeping them out of small-league fights for the moment and had even stopped giving Nat and Clint field missions - he wanted them all to be focused on building a team. A
"Aww, c'mon. It wasn't that bad. It was just..." he trailed off, swallowed hard - fuck, fuck, fuck, Tony had probably scarred him for life - then shifted his shoulders uncomfortably. "Just dancing, is all. I didn't know that, uh. You could dance. Like that. It was...." Cap searched for a word, then swallowed again. "New," he finally managed, voice sounding a bit choked.
"You're right."
(See the end of the chapter for
"Nope! You love me," she teased while making a kissy face at him. "We have a connection."
"The 'worried as hell about Tony Stark' club. Used to call it the 'I love that asshole even when I want to kill him and I wish he wasn't so good at nearly getting himself killed' club, but Pepper said that was too long. She's scary enough that I let her change it. Sit down and pop a couple of these open, will you? That man takes it out of me. I argued with him for forty minutes about going down to the workshop. Almost caved when he cried."
"Captain Rogers?"
"You forced my hand, old man. My mom had to take time off of work to come check on you, only the diner wouldn't give her any. So she had to quit her job instead, and she's ready to take you up on your offer of helping her find something new. I figured that since you were the one who made us all worry, you should put us up until then. Fri took them and our stuff up to our new floor--"
Barnes, and I know it's not his fault, but
"Find Quill and keep him from doing something stupid." Carol sounded winded, which... it wasn't good. Wasn't good at all. Even he knew that despite the way it felt like something was squeezing his head like a grape. "With Gamora down--"
, not all the time, but it was better than he had felt in years. Maybe ever.
"It isn't your world either," Lokes cut in smoothly. "Yet here you are, worrying over its fate and fighting for it."
He should probably be more angry about that.
"Woah! Wait. Time out there Harls. 'Settling in'? What the fuck does that mean?"
Though he couldn't help but wonder how many more of them there were that he hadn't met yet.
"Oooh, good plan. On my way dad!"
Studiously looking anywhere but the entrance, he didn't realize his lost friend had entered the room until he heard an awkward clearing of a throat. He didn't startle only because he consciously locked his muscles; because of
Tony... Tony was
"Definitely want to see it then." The admission - bordering on a demand - was spoken against his own parted lips and led to another round of brief, needy kisses that eased off into something sweeter and bordering on chaste. "Had a damned speech too. Ass."
"Talk nerdy to me."
"I'm not talking about Loki, asshole." Steve just grinned at him, then pressed a light kiss to his jaw.
"I do. And I'm terribly sorry for it Steven, but... I want his recovery to go as well and as smoothly as possible. Seeing you might throw a wrench in it all and gum up the works. I don't want that for either of you. I think if you give us a month or two that will change, but..."
"Years?"
Something in Rogers melted, and for a second Steve understood why Tony had been so desperate to call the man a friend. For just a few moments he could see why Bucky would want to stick to Rogers' side, and he finally knew why the Avengers had been willing to follow him into both battle and ruin.
"Okay. We've gone over this. Until you liberate enough golden apples for all of us--"
some of them. I thought Natasha was my friend." The bitterness she felt over that was clearly evident, enough that he felt the urge to wrap her up in a hug. Steve got there first, standing and tugging her into his arms. The look on his face was achingly similar to the one she was wearing, and Tony felt…
"You can't kill Captain America, Steve."
"So given that... as much as ya don't wanna be here ta see them assholes come home, is there really anywhere else ya wanna be?"
"Sir, will you
every fucking time was--
From the clenched jaw Rogers was sporting he wanted to demand an end to any chatter. Luckily the star spangled dick wasn't in charge, and also was busy with the horrifying dog-demons Thanos' children had brought to the party. They were on the same side, so he skimmed overhead and used his repulsors to take the worst of the pressure off. Rogers actually saluted him before barreling through the chaos towards his precious Bucky - of course.
"Noted." His mouth went paper dry under the man's intense stare. There was no doubt in his mind that Loki would follow through with his threat. They were friends, but his first loyalty was going to be to Shellhead. Loki would rip apart anyone who tried to hurt his lover. Honestly Steve wasn't sure even Frigga would be safe from his wrath.
"Yessir!"
"And if you hadn't had
Steven Grant Rogers
Thanks so much for reading, and thanks so much for all the kudos and the lovely comments!!! <3 <3
"When I'm having a bad day it's a definite possibility. I might have Fri do some fun edits or something. Ooh! We could make a meme?"
Which was, of course, why something had to give.
was like a study in paradoxes, one that appealed to the scientist and mathematician in him. Maybe Steve was right after all.
"... you really think so?"
"Yeah. Then we can have some more after. Do you see the genius there?"
Getting Steve to smile - the real, full, brilliant version - was just as much a victory as getting Bruce to do it. Even as he debated hotly about what sort of 'bribe' was appropriate (no, I don't want my own
~.~.~
~.~.~
They hadn't talked about it, but he knew Tony was dealing with something similar. Getting out of bed in the morning had them both grimacing and gingerly stretching their muscles. There were moments when Tony's gaze went unfocused, and then his lover would go silent and still for long periods of time. It was like he would get lost for a little while, and when he came back he was tactile and demanding,  like he needed Steve to prove that it was real. Tony also had headaches daily, and sometimes couldn't do much more than stumble from the bed to the couch to lay down there instead.
. He was damn near ready to pull his hair out. They were both so important to him, and life would be so much easier if they could just pretend to get along. Finally Shellhead took a deep breath and sat on the couch, eyes on Tony.
Even with all he had lost, with everything he kept losing, Steve had never imagined that losing Tony could be anything but temporary. Iron Man was Earth's mightiest defender, the smartest and bravest man he had ever known. There was no way he could ever be taken down in battle; he couldn't imagine a time when there wasn't a red and gold streak protecting the Avengers and the world.
Before they could cement their banter with a kiss, a hoarse but pained shout reminded him that there were still other people in the room. Even a short time ago he never would have believed he could tune out Rogers so easily... but then whenever he really let himself focus on Steve, that attention was pretty damn all-encompassing. Soon after STAR came zooming their way, the spirals she was making through the air holding a distinctively smug and sassy edge. Given her temper, earlier words and the way her weapons were powered down for the first time since the arrival of the rogues, Tony could only surmise that she'd managed to get a shot in at Rogers. He loved her for it, and even Steve's attempt to scowl looked more like a grin.
Shellhead would probably love a giant stuffed rabbit. He was a little bummed Steve had nixed the idea. Pepper had taken the 'no more giant rabbits, Tony' side of things and Rhodey had been quick to jump ship. Only STAR had agreed with him, which really just showed how democracy was broken.
Much,
"I don't mind him. Maybe Christine in--"
"Right. Right. Sorry. It's... here!"
Harley sort of appreciated it. He wasn't going to be able to sleep anyway, and with those little hints of light he could make out the silhouettes of Laney and Peter. They were sharing his bed while he kept watch over them from his armchair. Laney had crept into his room first, citing a bad dream before crawling under the covers with him. He hadn't minded the way she hugged him too tightly, or how she kept bumping against his injured knee - he was just careful not to wince hard enough that she would notice. It had been years since his little sister had sought comfort that way. Last time he could think of was right after they'd moved to the tower.
And for the first time Steve let himself wonder seriously if maybe he
"Can it short stack. Bucky needs some help and they tell me I'm uniquely qualified. Agent Carter says--"
OMFG, this is so late. ;.; If you want the 'why' explanation, you can check out the ending notes. XD
That made sense - it
So he just did his best to smile back and hoped he didn't look too uncomfortable with the unspoken 'thank you'. In case it showed he took another long sip of the latest tea experiment - this stuff really wasn't too bad.
The aching sorrow he was sure he could see in those eyes demanded a personal effort from him too. No matter how much he wanted to stay wrapped up exclusively in Tony, their kids needed him too. That included the Vision even if he did end up being a grandkid instead the way Fri thought he should be. He knew he would love the Vision - Viz - as much as he loved the others, but he also sensed it was going to take a lot more to get to know him. Mission happily accepted.
What we need. Though I need Tony Stark as well. How could I choose? You're both so interesting.
"Steve! We made it! We found you! Not in time though, because oh my god those
"Thanks J. He really... I can go in?"
"You should swear all the time because it is hot as hell."
"Why nooooot?"
"You can't just run away from this! Get back here! Tony!"
"Ya let
would tell him it wasn't a big deal that he'd changed his mind. His Tiny Adorable Steve would quietly accept it and decide to remain home himself, at least for the day. The blond would be forced to choose,
Spider-Man
"I think she might be wrong 'bout that."
"Whatever,
Eventually they called it a draw when Thor and Bruce joined them. Mario Kart was rolled out instead, but they only got through a few tracks before Thor cracked one of the controllers in his excitement. That was their cue to separate until dinner - it was Thursday, which meant after that they would throw on a movie that Thor picked. Tony had snickered like a child while laying out that rule, the god smiled indulgently at him the whole time.
topping and--” Clint gagged loudly, interrupting Murder Twin One. She promptly struck out at his bicep, a blow he evaded by stepping behind Thor.
"Oh? Why don't we have Barton call him that and see if he gets the other arm broken for his troubles."
"Cap. Steve. It’s fine. Loki's staff had us all acting a little kooky."
"Come on in." He stepped back and opened the door wider while gesturing Rhodes in. "I haven't been sleeping so well myself." Or at all, really. Even if he might have managed to do it in a few more minutes, he wouldn't begrudge Rhodes the company. Not when the guy looked so drawn and tired; not when he was Tony's best friend. "Might as well stay awake together. Any of that beer for me?"
“Stick close?” His head whipped up so he could stare at Steve. At the same time he tangled his fingers in Steve’s jacket, because that almost sounded like… like… “It’s for the good of the people Tony. Maybe even the world.” He gave Tony a light squeeze and maybe he was going for playful but the look in his eyes was terrifyingly earnest. “Besides that, it won’t look good for Captain America to go beating up civilians.”
"I do not wear lifts!"
"You look like you're about to throw up."
." There was enough venom in his voice to make the idiot flinch back, but only for a second before he took an aggressive step forward. "And sure, there's maybe a passing resemblance--"
"I want to sleep with Tappy."
"You're blushing! Awww,
He wasn't sure how long the elevator doors were open, or how long Fri had tried to coax them out of it. Closing his eyes hadn't been intentional, really, and he hadn't even fallen to sleep, exactly. He had just been zoning, and that zone was very rudely interrupted by voices in his ear and gentle hands tugging at his arm.
"I trusted them too, Tony. You might be the one that almost--" She stopped herself by biting her lower lip, anger and loss and love an upsetting cocktail in her eyes and expression. "You're the one they hurt the most and I could kill them for that alone, but you aren't the only one they betrayed. I trusted them. I
, and he did it loud enough that Tony began to 'helpfully' pound on his back. The added bit of contact didn't actually help at all. Neither did the way he could hear the peanut gallery snickering at him. It turned into a real cough quickly, until his eyes felt teary and his lungs were burning nearly as bad as his face. Tony was
"Will that be all, Ms. Potts?"
"That was
As soon as Tony's lower lip protruded in a pout, Steve put out one hand. "On second thought, looks like someone better take a pin ta Clint's ego before he floats away. That turn you offered still good?"
"Oh come on, that is such a load of bullshit."
"Pegs said that too. Thought it was kinda unfair, and so did Tony. My Tony, I mean. I know Shellhead is still kinda..."
"Love you too. And Tony? We are definitely scrapping that five year marriage plan. Pepper can learn to live with six month's notice."
None of that had been about affection. It had been lust and the joy of feeling someone skin-to-skin. Later it had been a habit and now a set of memories that sometimes made him cringe.
Pepper gave a little snort of laughter  - he loved when she forgot to seem elegant and just let herself be. "I think that would turn into a bloodbath, but we can try it on a small scale if you want."
"Nerd."
at him, and this wasn't how it was supposed to go. They snapped and snarled at each other when they weren't ignoring or circling each other warily. They weren't friends or the kind of people who just joked around... but there Cap was with a shit-eating 'what are you gonna do about it' kind of grin on his face. He was even rocking back and forth on his heels, like he was expecting Tony to break rank and give chase, like this was all a big game.
"They don't quite get it," Shellhead interrupted. "They try harder than almost anyone, but they don't get it. I mean, my Rhodey understands how important JARVIS is to
Not the way you mean them, Mr. Poppleton.
Sam was the one who ended up putting a stop to things. Maybe Pepper thought Rogers had taken enough punishment or maybe she was ready for them all to leave and hopefully
We will not kill you.
"Thor, did you hit him in the head?"
Harley and Peter hadn't quite fought over who got to sit with their back leaned against his legs, and Peter had managed to get there first. Not that it mattered, because pretty much as soon as the TV was the only source of light the two of them had curled up together. They couldn't let anyone see that they didn't actually hate each other was all. Tony just wasn't sure if it was a sibling thing or a possible lead up to a romance thing - he was fully willing to let Alicia and Steve worry about that while he focused on science-ing with the two teens instead.
"I'm not sure that's a great idea. We don' want you to roll over and wake up to a Tappy pancake." Tony grinned when Doreen giggled, hands stuffed in his pockets as he attempted to look unconcerned about where this was headed. "But if he doesn't mind sleeping inside, maybe we could design him his own bed so he could sleep in your room."
"There's a woman here to see you, Steve," he announced quietly, "She's waiting for you in the living room."
"Papaaaaa, hurry
Steve nodded softly, a small smile growing on his lips as he nodded enthusiastically.
Steve couldn't help but grin back, Tony's grin being infectious.
TW: none
Peter nodded softly, wrapping arms around his little brother as the baby reached up to pat the other's cheeks consolingly.
"Don't worry, Tony..." He hummed, petting gently at dark locks.
"Walk, huh? So like land-swimming?"
"No, you cannot do experiments on your sibling," Tony said over him, rolling his eyes, "He or she is going to be looking up to you, Pete. For advice, how to behave, stuff like that."
They swayed together for a few moments, Steve getting the hang of it and not looking down at his feet. After a moment, Tony moved his hand from the man's shoulder as a warning of what he'd do next.
He waited for Steve to get out of the car before locking it, taking his hand to lead him inside. As they headed through the door, Steve couldn't help but gap at everything as they walked in. It really
"That’s what Ms. Foster told us the day that we got you." Steve hummed softly, reaching to pet Peter's hair as a comfort. "She said you were the most perfect little guy when you were in her care."
"Those aren't
"I mean, if you don't want to, just tell me. Push me off the bed," Tony teased, leaning up on his elbows over Steve.
"Hey, hey. Shhh, it’s okay. It’s okay. It’s just a dream. It’s okay, Tony." He soothed quietly, rubbing Tony's back gently.
"He is persistent when it comes to sitting up on his own, though." He hummed. "Persistent like his old man."
"I don't think I
"Good boy." Tony slipped in his fingers with the vibrator, stretching Steve further; he grinned, making sure the vibrator was tight up against Steve's spot before flicking it on.
"You liking the bubbles, bubba bug?" Steve chuckled, scrubbing at little feet.
"Do you--Do you want to go see the house?" He asked carefully.
"I'm totally buying you a shirt with that. Matching shirts. If found, return to sap. And yours says 'I am the sap'. Perfect," Tony's laugh turned into a yawn and a groan. "If he cries, you're getting up."
The blond grinned happily, wrapping arms around Tony as they laid together.
"Well, they're really good Steve," he said, cradling his half of a sugar cookie, "I'll have to see if you can make my mom's Italian Wedding cookies. I never can get the dough right."
coping methods, Howard--
Steve smiled back softly. "Yeah... Yeah they are. We'd do anything through hell and high water for our babies."
"I'll do everything I can to make it worth it for you, Steve. That's a promise." Tony whispered, placing a soft kiss on Steve's forehead.
Steve showed up at Tony and Bruce's dorm that night at seven. He felt out of place in the Rosen dorms. It truly was more focused around the science majors. The number of labs he saw on his way just to Tony's dorm made his head spin. He supposed that if he was invited over again, he might be able to get used to it. If he was invited again.
"What I mean is that when Tony mentioned he had an art major friend, my mind automatically thought of the art student stereotype; someone really thin and lanky, highly eccentric, and reclusive.".
Steve moaned quietly as Tony rode him slowly, trying to stay quiet so they didn't wake the boys. "Been busy for a while."
"Oh, hell..." Steve breathed with a soft whine. "I know, no noise. But I probably would've made my lip bleed again. Oh,
Sammy babbled up at Steve, looking confused when Tony popped a binkie in his mouth. He settled down on the walk home, quietly snoozing in the stroller once they got home.
"I can go start on that, if you want? Get dinner going and you can hang out with the boys a little." The blond offered. "See if Sammy'll blow ya some kisses."
"Are you sure?" Steve said, stopping his fingers momentarily. "It’s been a little while, love."
"'M'a go take a bath," he announced.
He stroked Peter's hair and kissed his temple, giving Steve a sad look.
"You're a drama queen," Natasha said, raising her eyebrow.
"But--" Peter squirmed nervously.
"I'm still amazed, myself. Of course, neither of us liked to leave our apartments all that often, either." Steve responded, wrapping arms around Tony's waist and holding the brunet on top of him. "But I'm so glad we had met. So,
"Pfft." Steve laughed, kissing Tony back. "I think I'm much different than that first time. Learned quite a bit since then, as you know." He hummed, tracing shapes on Tony's skin.
"Yer grumpy," Peter replied, grinning up at Tony before leaning up to kiss his cheek, wriggling out of his arms to go over to his seat at the table.
"I love you too, hon." He murmured back. "Now, let’s get dried off, hm?"
Tony tugged Steve into his arms, grunting as they staggered to the bathroom. While Tony started the bath, Steve moved to sit onto the edge of the tub, wincing slightly as he sat down.
"Well excuse me for not having it glued to my hand and choosing to bond with my family." Steve answered, rolling his eyes. What’s up, Buck?"
"You only paid for MIT because mom had to persuade you to, and the only reason I am here is because YOU wanted me to come here and learn Business Management!" Tony yelled. "Why do you think I took the chance of hacking in and changing my major?! Because I didn't want to do that! That's what YOU wanted! That falls absolutely NO WHERE in my lines of interest, and you would know that if you ever paid one shred of attention!".
"Uh, yeah. Yeah, I do." The brunet said simply, shaking his head. "I'll worry about it in a bit. Right now we need to get you--"
"Always," Tony purred, arms wrapped around Steve's waist.
"You're such an old man," Tony laughed, scooting down to place sloppy kisses all over Steve's face, "My favorite old man."
"See? All done," Tony murmured to the boy, bouncing him slightly as he walked back to his bedroom, "And Papa's waitin' for you."
“Sorry buddy, but ya gotta do the time for your crime of passion.” The blond chuckled, earning a whine from his Pokémon in response.
Everything in his body slowly started to return to their normal rates. Tony's sense started to clear up and he could recognize his surroundings. He was in his bedroom, not snow. And Steve was holding him.
"Are you serious about the hallway...?"
Tony sniffled, nodding again as he sat up.
Steve couldn't help the light blush that grew on his cheeks. Tony was being far too nice to him for his own good. Taking him in and showing him all these things... Steve was very thankful.
"Mmm, you might like them all. Depends on if your pain turns into pleasure," Tony replied, brushing his fingers against Steve's sweet spot, "I'd love to see you all shy and writhing on my desk."
"No, don't, I'll get your toy in a minute," Tony sighed, taking Sammy's thumb out of his mouth in exchange for his binky.
Peter nodded and chatted to Bruce more about his transformer, waving it around until Natasha took him, smooching his slightly chubby face.
"Now, what’s going on, baby?" He asked softly.
"Okay, okay. Don't gotta beg me. You know too well how to use those eyes to your advantage, and you know it." Tony smirked gently, letting himself lay back on the bed similar to how Steve had been. He unbuckled his pants to shimmy out of them, tossing those and his undergarments off the bed and leaving himself bear for the merman.
"Men?" Steve grinned back, a smile on Peter's lips as well as they started to sing again.
Peter kicked his feet, looking out the window.
"Shhh..." Steve soothed, smooching the top of Tony's head. "We'll talk about it, okay? Just not when Peter is with us. You didn't do anything wrong, love. Not regarding the thing with Peter. You were being a parent."
"Ugh, gross." He huffed at the saliva coated object, tossing it away as he sat up to meet the prior-saviour behind that voice. What he was met with was not what he anticipated. Pleasantly surprised to say the least.
"H-he's gonna ask about those," Tony moaned, lifting his hips up to give Steve a better angle, "Oh god, Steve, please--"
. Your aunts and uncles are lucky you decided to do this now." Steve said, scrunching his nose, causing Sammy to giggle.
"Alright, we're gonna do the next part like I pwomised, 'kay?" Peter murmured, "Don't cwy."
"Gross!" Clint yelled into the kitchen from the living room, followed by an "Ow!" from Natasha smacking him.
Steve smirked to him, unbuckling his belt and slipping it off. "You can look but no touching yet. One more question." He purred. "What two states joined and finished up our list of fifty?"
"Cuddle pile in our guest room?" Tony asked softly, "It can fit all of us--probably."
"Got it, pipsqueak?" Tony hummed, rolling out his own batch of dough to use the other cookie cutters.
"Yeah, I'm fine buddy. Just uh..." Steve covered the boy's ears when he heard another spiel of curse words. "Daddy is just saying some things you shouldn't hear right now."
He wrote down a bit more in his notes before continuing. "And it’s also absolutely fine to ask out for help. This is not something even the strongest willed people can do alone. And from what Virginia has told me, you have a good group of people to turn to. They can help give you that assurance also."
"Peter? Munchkin? Can I come in?" He asked gently, silent as he waited for a response.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony, humming at the kisses. "What's with the being all lovey-dovey all of a sudden? Not that I'm complaining, of course."
He scratched at Steve again, leaning down to nibble at Steve's neck. Steve growled a bit from the scratching, hands tightening a bit on Tony's hips. He used that and pulled them down so his thrusts were deeper as he made them a bit harsher, moans leaving his lips against Tony's skin.
"Cibé rud a dúirt tú go raibh go hálainn ... Tá do guth ceol binn." He whispered sweetly. "Is breá liom tú le mo chroí go, Tony. Tá tú go deo ann, nasctha le dom, croí agus anam."
"I just can't believe you went and got yourself into this mess just to see land." Tony said softly. "Well, maybe I can. That light in your eyes before when talking about it said everything."
"When were we going to get to see this cutie?" Natasha asked at a whisper, towel wrapped around her head.
Tony just looked at Steve like he didn't know what he was talking about.
"Nat got him laid out
Steve crashed his lips against Tony's, bringing them into a deep kiss if only to get Tony to stop. "You are such a nerd. My God..." He murmured, face still red.
He smirked, warming himself up with Steve's body heat.
"I--ah, Sir, I figure you should punish me first," Tony stammered, glancing at the ruler.
Steve leaned with the touch, turning to kiss Tony softly.
"Ba ba ba ba ba ba ba!"
"You better," Tony warned playfully, "Or else."
Tony put down his work and came to sit next to Steve on the couch.
"I don't see why you couldn't." Steve stated, raising a brow.  "But before I do that, I need to know that you have some knowledge of American History. So we will do something fun." He explained. "I will ask you a question, and for every correct answer, an article of clothing comes off and you'll get to see what's hiding underneath. Fair?"
"Your turn to top." He answered.  Steve leaned in to kiss at Tony's neck, nipping gently on his collarbone. "Please?"
"So you create with metal?" Steve said softly, giving Tony a small smile and a wave hello.
Natasha raised an eyebrow at him softly, while Steve simply smiled at him.
"Ooo, I think this one might be here for a couple of days," the blond preened happily.
Steve gave a sheepish smile back, looking to Tony. "You're one to talk, mister." He said with a soft chuckle before heading down to the kitchen.
“You and Tony finally announcing that you’re boning so we don’t have to deal with all your UST anymore?” Clint asked with a smirk, earning him awkward noises from Steve and a warning look from Natasha.
"I love you too,
Smirking, Tony leaned over to the nightstand, grabbing a bottle from the drawer. He pushed his panties to one side so he could prep himself, slicking Steve up before lowering himself, moaning loudly.
Snow flew around as Tony's armor was shed from him, much to his displeasure. The crash itself was no picnic, but Tennessee in late December wasn't any better. Especially when you are used to Malibu weather.
"From what I've heard, soulmate marks aren't found on children born in 2000 or later," he replied quietly, "But it’s possible that they aren't of age yet to get their mark."
He turned to look back at his choices again, just in case, giggling as he picked up Disney Princess ones.
Tony nodded with a happy sigh, nuzzling Steve's neck as the pressure rested on his groin. "Please, please baby," he whimpered, pushing himself back onto Steve's lap.
"What? She's right," Bucky pointed out, "Steve's always been ...
"Come on babe, I can feel you getting tight," he replied huskily, "Come on, Steve."
"Once you're done, I'll dry him off and dress him," Tony chuckled.
"Killin' me, Stevie, ya killin' me," Tony hummed, smooching Steve's lips sweetly, "Oh well. I think mine might top yours, but we'll see."
!" The two belted out.
One he parked he leapt out of the car and scooped Peter up, jogging into the emergency room and running up to the desk.
Tony buried his face in Steve's chest, trying to envelop as much of the man in his arms as he could.
Tony grumbled a few choice words and sat up, shuffling over to the baby's room. He tiredly looked down into the bassinet, eye's quickly widening.
at this angle--".
Now Steve was the one confused. Tony let out an agitated chuckle and explained.
Steve looked at Tony only to see a gentle, warm smile on his face. He quickly made a rough sketch of the expression before speaking.
Peter gasped and clambered out of bed, grabbing Tony's hand so he could drag him back to the bedroom.
"Or now," Tony replied, kneeling down to be at Steve's eye level, "Honey, what's wrong?"
Tony smirked, still petting Steve's hair. Steve hummed in amusement at the sound of it, rolling back over to look up at Tony.
"Okay,
It would get closer with each dream, and each time he tried to speak to it, he would awake. Same aching, old bones. Same cold bed.
"Yes sir, you have my word, Oh Captain my Captain," Tony grinned, saluting Steve from the bed, "More than happy to fuck you into an existential crisis."
"It's what I'm here for," Tony joked, gently massaging behind Steve's ears, "Now, we best talk before we have to get the kiddos. About the mirror, at least."
comfy," Tony hummed, "Only the best for you, bambi."
"Yes, yes, Princess, I'm getting there," Tony laughed, taking the heated bottle from the microwave to test on his wrist, "Okay, it's ready, don't suck it down too fast."
the responsible one," he joked, "I'm just along for the ride."
The blond reached up to run his fingers through Tony's hair appreciatively, moving his hips up slightly.
"Before you start yelling about the mess, it was Peter," Tony deadpanned, motioning to the flour and batter splattered over the kitchen counters.
Peter bounced on his heels, eagerly tugging on Steve's shirt until he was put in his car seat.
Steve continued to smile to himself, waiting until he heard both Peter and Tony's soft snores before letting his eyes fall. He let the gentle breaths lull him until he was asleep with them both.
"If you want to, that's fine." Steve hummed, kissing the finger lightly. "It just doesn't have to be for me being good to you. Only when you feel like it."
Steve Rogers was a loyal soldier. Being a respected captain over an army below the waves was more than enough to keep him content. He was good at it, despite being considered "young" for the job. He was a excellent strategist and has led his men in and out of many successful missions. His life was well occupied and fulfilling. Until strange objects started to appear in the water.
"Are you seriously
Tony whispered to him till the Doctor cleared his throat, announcing his presence.
"No, Sir, your lectures are
"Da water feels good. Jus' don't like dat its wetter den da baf." Peter said softly, letting Tony scrub his hair.
He set the boy down on his step stool, stepping back to let Peter wash his hands. The boy washed up like he was taught, giving a small hum before looking up at Tony.
Steve made up two bowls of Cheerios, sprinkling sugar lightly onto Peter's and setting the bowls at the table as he poured them some juice. He sat at the table with Peter, pushing the boy's bowl to him and pulling his own bowl to himself.
"Did you have to tell everyone about that?"
Between his amazing tunage and the brilliant work of an underling about to receive a huge 'your brain is beautiful' bonus, Tony lost himself to the flow of the workshop. He would absolutely deny it, but whenever a pop song entered the rotation... well. Work went by the wayside so he could shake what his mama gave him. They weren't sparse because he didn't enjoy them, oh no. More than one or two an hour just tended to tank his productivity rate. It was just that the damn things were so catchy and
Instead he got a gentle 'boop' to the nose that gave him the reboot he so desperately needed.
He still didn’t know why everyone tried to drag him into the middle of their dinner fights. Sometimes he missed how simple everything had been before the Avengers had moved into his tower. But Bruce and Thor were engaged in a pretty passionate debate about the merits of various companions, Clint was keeping up a hilarious if slightly negative running commentary of the episodes, and Nat looked deeply engrossed and entirely comfortable from where she was sitting with her bare feet shoved under Thor’s thigh.
Everyone else got shoulder clasps, handshakes, hugs, an arm around the shoulders... and he got
"Can I shoot him yet?"
Without her husband there to remind her, Maria Stark forgot to be a cold, distant but polite socialite. It would be nice however long it lasted - usually a day or so before Howard's return she would start to retreat again. Now that he was older he fully understood just how fucking sad that was.
. The kid had taken a gap year right after high school, then another, citing more interest in full-time Avenging than going to school. It had been a major fight in the Stark-Rogers household, one that Rhodey had ended up mediating. Talk of college had stopped soon after, though there was a dedicated account for his future education if and when he was ready to take that step.
. "I ain't ready to walk away from that. Mom and Laney are fine with it, so long as I visit often," he added quickly, knowing that was Tony's biggest protest. He had no interest in stealing the kid away from his mom, after all. That had always been his biggest hangup, and now-- "I'd be going away for school anyway, pops. And I'm at the compound almost full time right now anyway--"
and Rogers. He wasn't sure exactly how they'd ended up on the floor grappling, but he did know that Steve was clearly winning. Maybe he was tiny in comparison, and maybe his body was technically beneath Rogers', but he still looked cool and calm as anything with the larger man’s back against his chest. His legs were wrapped tightly around Rogers' middle, and no matter how the bigger man arched up and writhed - fuck, this kind of fighting would be pornographic if one of the fighters didn't borderline terrify him - Rogers couldn't escape. It probably didn't help that Steve had the guy in a choke hold too, and while his tiny adorable lover's face was the very picture of serenity, Rogers was quickly turning a bright, unattractive red.
"Here you go. Right there in easy reach for you, princess. You eat it when you're ready, okay?"
"Not for long," Clint said while slinging an arm over Tony's shoulder. He couldn't help but lean into the touch - Rhodey and Pepper had both accused him of being touch-starved, which was patently untrue. He was just tactile. Dammit. "We're going to a bar so I can listen to ‘Tony's Tales of Debauchery'."
The arguing Avengers ignored the complaint, three of them glaring at each other while Bruce held his ground with a little less intensity. Nat and Clint had been playing tug-of-war with his arms while making their points until Steve had intervened and gently pulled him out of the fray. Now his arm was slung over Tony’s shoulders while he watched the others, curiously without an opinion.
Eating golden apple didn't ease his hurts quite as much as Extremis had for Tony, but Steve did find that it was easier to ignore them.
"Sweetheart." Tony started to blush under his knowing stare, which tickled him pink. "Ya built yourself a tower with your name on it'n he lives in Stark mansion. Neither of ya think small when it comes ta property or homes. He wouldn't be able ta help himself. Pegs'll find somethin' good that we'll both like. I trust her ta give us some options, then we could decide. So, do ya want somethin' on a beach?"
For the first time, none of it seemed out of his reach. Steve loved him and he loved Steve - maybe 'deserving' wasn't part of it at all. Maybe it was just about letting himself reach for something that would make him happy. So he was going to try, and Howard Stark could go fuck himself. Captain America more than liked him, and that knowledge curled up inside his chest, warm and soft and bright. It left no room for Howard's bile, and for the first time since he was twelve the burn of whiskey and self-loathing was nowhere to be found.
"I know."
"Well. You've always been my Queen," he teased, dropping a kiss to her knuckles. "I had to give you the color of royalty."
"Harley Keener!"
He couldn't give that  knowledge the time and weight it deserved though. He'd invent something nifty later to mark the occasion. First he had to make sure the canary wouldn't start squawking.
~.~.~
"Sounds perfect. Thanks for givin' me another shot doll. I won't let ya down again."
"Good idea."
Steve couldn't keep his fingers from trembling when he raised his own hands to frame Tony's face, but he didn't let that stop him from caressing the man's jawline with his thumbs. Those brown eyes fluttered shut before coming back to his, tongue darting out to wet his lips. There was so much that they hadn't said, or talked about, so much that Steve had wanted to say for so long... but none of it mattered. Not when he was so sure that they were finally,
Steve and Pepper weren't laying waste because he had asked them not to. He was almost one hundred percent sure that Rhodey would come himself without informing the UN because Tony wanted them
"We couldn't keep Harley, Peter or Fri out of the fight," Tony continued quietly, grief and anxiety both welling up in his throat. He'd
"And that the guy was our sort of brother. Nephew? Either way he's one of ours. They both said that I shouldn't trust him with the cooking, which is weird. I don't have taste buds either but I can follow a recipe. It's not hard."
"Better than repulsers, hammers, arrows and shields at least. Our insurance probably wouldn't cover that."
It has been noted that there are very few returning faces. This has reignited concerns that Tony Stark may be more injured than was made public. Lt. Col. Rhodes, however, assured us differently. "Mr. Stark is still a major part of the New Avengers Initiative. He has simply decided to focus on developing equipment and tech for our members. He is Iron Man, however, and may join the team in active duty from time to time."
"Ya aren't. And ya don't gotta force yourself neither."
"Under duress!"
Seeing Tony surrounded by people who really cared about him, eyes alight with laughter was good enough in that moment. Knowing his fella was alive and safe meant even more. They were going to be okay, he decided with a smile when Tony chucked one of his many pillows at Rhodey's face. Things would be challenging and he still owed Rogers at least one punch to the jaw, but... they were all going to be alright.
"Perfect. Thank you for your indulgence, as always."
"Last time I told you about the Avengers you left us." Her voice was flat, almost cold, and he flinched back at the rebuke. She wasn't wrong, and he realized that he had yet to apologize for putting her in that position.
I find it extremely generous. FRIDAY and I have worked to create an informational packet that should answer many of the more basic questions. Your superiors in the Committee could have provided you with the same, but as you seem reluctant to actually ask them for it I took the liberty. Have your people look through it and explain it to you, because I have far more pressing matters to attend to. When you have questions that won't make a mockery of this process I invite you to call and make another appointment. I have a feeling it will be a smoother and far more productive meeting. And Mr. Poppleton?
"Traitor."
"That's okay."
He never got to know the end of the sentence, because all of a sudden the door flung open. Immediately he entered fight or flight mode and hated himself for it, shrinking back against his
He mumbled to himself, and let himself drift off, snuggling up to Steve.
"Welcome to my humble abode." Steve said somewhat blandly. His side of the room was less than bland however. There were papers covered in sketches EVERYWHERE, with a few small painting canvases in the mix. Tony just stood there looking around, trying to take everything in.
"You are sick.
Comments are always appreciated!! <3
"We can work together. Find a way for you to explore up here, somehow." The human said with a soft smile. "I want to be able to show you these things, so I will try and find a way. Try and make something for you to come up here with me, unless you happen to find some other weird, mermaid way of doing things."
"It’s
Carefully, and with some measure of willpower, he draped himself over Steve's lap, slightly tense.
Tony clung to Steve and tried to keep his sobs quiet, completely tucking himself in to his husband's chest. It took him a few minutes to come down from the emotional high, headache slightly subsiding as he realized Steve was rocking him, singing that old lullaby under his breath.
“Love you too, Stevie,” Bucky teased back, feeling accomplished in mildly embarrassing his friend.
Tony poked his head out, a lazy smirk at the fairly large box propped against the siding.
"Then everybody wins." Steve laughed back. He sighed and laid back in the bed as he thought. "Not as much spoiling soon, though." He stated. "I have work the day after tomorrow."
," Pete whined, wrapping himself up in his towel.
"Please keep going," Tony mumbled, "Just-- harder. Only a few more."
"I mean...If the severity of the act calls for it, a few swats won't hurt, I suppose." Steve said softly with a sigh. "I just hate having to punish him. When he was smaller, he rarely got in trouble."
Tony quickly made up a tiny platter of carrots and grabbed a little yogurt with a spoon, bringing it back to the bedroom.
Tony leaned over and knocked on the nightstand.
"You are really good at this. Know what you want and what to look for." Steve stated, looking around and raising a brow at a box he spotted. "What are Cherry Panties?"
"You sleepy, birthday boy?" Steve chuckled, sitting at the edge of the tub and stroking Tony's bangs back softly. "Didn't mean to wear you out so early on your birthday, though. Sorry."
"Ready?" Tony asked, making sure Peter's little hat was on straight.
"Got you, baby, I got you," Tony panted, gingerly pulling out of Steve and wrapping his arms around him.
"As long as you're okay with it. But still let me know, okay?" He hummed, stroking Tony's hand softly.
"G'night, Tony..." Steve whispered softly, shutting his eyes and settling around Tony and drifting off into sleep.
Tony just grumbled in repose, opting to tilt his head back while he sank down onto Steve.
"I am not at liberty to say." Steve said nonchalantly. "That is between the boys."
"Y'feel good. Always feel good, sir." He praised as Tony worked him down, breathing softly.
"'m not mean. Just how things work." Steve hummed, leaning in to kiss Tony's lips gently. "I've planned things today, so good things come to those who wait, baby."
Tony was quiet as they spoke in rounds, swallowing the lump in his throat.
"He's been henning since we met," Tony replied with a raised brow, not even flinching at the smack upside his head.
, y'so lame sometimes, Daddy," Peter rolled his eyes from behind Natasha's leg, grinning cheekily.
," Peter groaned, rubbing his cheek, "Y'gettin' spit on me!"
"Papa'll squish me," Peter whispered once Steve was out of earshot, "We should squish Papa."
Peter sighed and opened the door more, leaving it open as he headed over to his open books, plopping down in front of his unfinished maths.
"Good luck," Tony called after him.
"It would work. As long as we wouldn't need it for guest or anything. The natural light is perfect.” He hummed, kissing Tony's temple. "Next room?"
fawlt y'let me use d'micker."
He gestured at Steve's body, and Steve only shrugged.
"It’s okay, Samwich. Bubba is just excited" Steve soothed. "But yeah, a picnic at the park sounds good. And we'll get to use the stroller we've only used like once."
"I just hate that he got away with it. I hate it..." Steve whispered, snuggling into Tony. His kissed at Tony's face lovingly, leaning at the touches on his chest.
"STORY FOR PETER!" The boy said excitedly.
"Unless you grow one. Which I'm putting down as my birthday present," Tony laughed, smooching Sammy's cheek before buckling him into his high chair and wrapping a bib around him, "Alright, pesty Pete, I'll sit next to you."
"What is it?" He asked softly.
"Mhm, yeah, you do that," Tony hummed, ignoring Pete's complaints.
"You may have doctorates, but you aren't a medical doctor." Steve said softly before catching on. "Wait, do you not remember what we talked about?"
Tony smooched Peter's temple and rocked him slightly, humming under his breath.
Tony flushed and nodded, rolling over and putting his head on a pillow.
"I think you'd be good at power play. Telling me what to do, ordering me around. It'd be a bit heavier than what we're doing now," he explained, "Also, couch fucking. That needs to happen again."
Tony nodded and pressed himself into Steve's chest, taking a moment in breathe in the familiar Irish soap and cinnamon; he sighed happily, wrapping his arms around Steve.
"Probably because it wasn't out where most people would walk in." He figured, looking to Tony carefully. "So what number does that all total up to?"
He blinked at his words and a sad look drifted over his face for a second.
He grabbed Tony's hand as they settled into the car, taking a deep breath before they started to leave. Tony gave Steve another reassuring squeeze, turning his head to back out of the driveway and head off to the highway.
"It’s almost like opening a present," he hummed softly, tugging gently at the tie.
Tony grinned and bumped his hip against Steve's before starting to arrange the presents around the tree.
"Thanks guys," he mumbled, sneaking a peek as Steve added to the list, "It means a lot."
"I love you," he whispered.
"Emotions? That might be a problem.".
"Okay." Steve agreed, kissing Tony back before they got in the car.
"It's my gift to Papa. He doesn't know it yet, but Santa left him a lot of gifts there, and we have to go get them," he told the boy, drying his hands, "That, and Papa really loves to draw nature. It's a gorgeous place for watercolors and oils."
"I'm happy for you guys. Working on a real family. First with Peter and then with the eventual baby." Bucky said wistfully, watching Peter play. "It’s good for you two. Makes me think of what it'd be like." He murmured quietly.
"Hmm, I think I could manage if need be. I can handle quite a bit." He assured with a smirk. "But I promised to be good, so I better keep that promise."
"You're gross and sick," Tony pointed out, sitting cross-legged on top of the sheets, "You can stay in your germ nest without me." He laughed, leaning down to kiss Steve's pouty cheeks.
"Peter got sick." Bucky pointed out simply. "I think it might be a flu bug. He's thrown up a couple times and has a fever."
"So, do you like food?" Steve asked a little awkwardly, letting out a chuckle. "What I mean to say is would you like to come over for dinner tomorrow? I'm no Master Chef, but I think I do pretty well. I can make us something."
"Tony, you'll end up getting bruised at this point if I keep going." Steve pointed out with a hum. "Are you sure?"
Tony. Those warm, honey brown eyes losing the light they always had; that Steve adored seeing. Those lips that would crinkle into that bright smile that he loved-- knowing when they did that it was genuine-- going slack and lifeless. That warm, toned skin that he had longed to touch again so many times over becoming pale as the blood stopped flowing through it. The Tony he loved more than anything, gone in a complete instant when he was told he no long had to fight to stay on this Earth.
"Oh God, I hope not." Steve huffed an uncomfortable laugh. "That's basically like my brother talking with a friend about my sex life. Although, oddly enough I'm curious about how the night went for all of them."
"I was really wired, Clint," He replied quietly, "And it was only the next day I ended up at the therapist's. I didn't do anything -- well,
"That's nice of you. I know he'll love whatever it is." Steve chuckled, starting to unpack the stuff. "He always loves stuff from Uncle Buck and Auntie Tasha." the blond grinned. "We'll get it out after the bed is assembled."
," he murmured, trailing a hand over Steve's nipple, "Haven't been good for you lately."
and talk wiff d'adul's! I don' like bein' left out--"
"First, I want to know what all is involved in being your PA. Considering that is apparently going to be my new job." He chuckled, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist.
He gently ran a hand down along Tony's front, stopping around the man's crotch and starting to palm him slowly.
A moment later, the door opened, greeted with Peter's puffy red eyes and tears on his cheeks. His face was tilted down, scurrying back onto his bed and snuggling into his penguin as he sniffled.
"Papaaaaa," Peter complained, sighing grumpily as he was put in his booster seat.
Tony carefully poured the water over Peter's hair, trying to avoid his eyes.
"I am now." The man replied, setting his tea down and scribbling away on his notepad. He turned to look back at Tony, giving him an affirmative nod to proceed.
A happy chapter to counteract what's happened so far. Also, lots of blushing.
"Are you kidding? I'd buy you the moon, if I could," Tony laughed quietly, still patting Peter's back, "But that sounds great. I'm sure he'd love time with his Papa, and he
"Unfortunately, his brain is wired for the sciences," Tony chuckled, "I wasn't an English or History kid, either. I found it redundant to learn about the past when we should be looking toward the future."
He knelt down to Peter's level, starting to work on lathering his hair.
"I asked because I seem to have a few pages of nothing but sketches of you, I think." He explained softly. "They look like there was a good amount of care taken in drawing them, so I thought that maybe it meant we were together."
"Engineer-y stuff?" He chuckled, "Yeah that pretty much sums it up."
"The name's Tony Stark. And I would be happy to be your subject matter.".
Sammy pouted up at Tony and his lip wobbled, tiny whimpers escaping his lips.
. Most of our first year together was me in bed with a cold, and him on top of the covers so he wouldn't get sick."
Steve nudged Tony in the shoulder, snapping him out of his miniature daze.
•Tony, is everything OK? I haven't seen you around campus lately...
"Steve, if I fully let you into my bond, you're going to constantly feel what I'm feeling," he whispered, leaning against Steve's chest, "You're going to know
, oh god--"
Tony bit his lip, holding back a moan from the pain flickering up his back.
"Ever since we had Sammy, sometimes it don't feel like it..." Peter said, starting to sniffle. "He don't spend much time with jus' me anymore. And when I get a chance to be with jus' him, Sammy's crying or stinky or hungry."
Tony immediately headed for the bathroom, closing the door behind him. He crawled into the empty tub, curling up on himself.
"Love y'baby," Tony whimpered softly, throwing his head back.
“The only way you'll get me to stop is to pull me over you lap, like the naughty boy I am," Tony grinned, gently necking Steve.
Steve managed to help Tony ride it out before he came himself, hips stuttering and him biting his own lip to stay quiet as he rode out his high.  He breathed heavy, head knelt down and leaning against Tony's as he caught his breath.
"That, and the fact that you
"Otay."
"I'm otay, I wuz prote'ted behind gwass," Peter continued.
"...I'm sorry... What?".
"Oh my god. I'm going to gain so much weight," Tony snorted, smooching his cheek.
"Only while you are hurt and not feeling well. And I said maybe anyway,
Tony went quiet, silently stroking Peter's hair as he thought.
"It is to me," Tony whimpered, nosing Steve's cheek back, "I get shy over these things."
"He and Tony just need to hook up. All the tension between them is getting on my last nerve...".
Tony nodded, standing and pulling Steve to his feet. He brought him over to his side of the desk, getting him to sit. Tony slotted himself between Steve's legs, pulling the blond down for a kiss, plunging his tongue down his throat with a groan. Steve kissed back with a soft moan, cupping Tony's face with his hands, sucking and running his tongue over the other's in a passionate kiss.
"Oh, Tony..." Pepper said softly, wrapping an arm around him. "I know the circumstances aren't great, but I'm happy that you got your soulmate. Glad you had someone here with you." She said, kissing Tony's forehead as they walked into the room.
"I'm not terrible, and you know I'd have to later anyway," He rolled his eyes, tugging Steve back towards the stairs, "Please?"
"M'sorry, I'm bad, I know, I'm sorry," Tony mumbled weakly, tucking his arm back into the blanket, "I'm horrible, I know, m'sorry--"
Tony paused mid-kiss and pulled back, heart thumping in his chest. He quickly pulled out his phone and turned on the video, propping it up so it was pointing towards Sammy.
"Peter, don--"
Steve did a double take at the statement, eyeing Tony on the floor. Apprehensively, he got up from his seat and to the floor, lying on his back next to Tony.
"Suck my cock, Rogers."
Steve nodded back, going over to scoop up Sammy and get him upstairs for a change and to pack. The baby whined a bit from all the sudden excitement, Steve shushing him gently.
"Sap," Tony pointed out, pulling Steve down so he sat next to the hammock, "Send it to me, and I'll get it printed. We can hang it up, if you want."
"Exhibitionism. Exhibit. Basically putting on a show for the other." He gather, slight blush on his face at the thought. "Maybe... Maybe we can try it sometime..."
"Thanks. Thank you, that’s really appreciated." Steve said with a chuckle, starting to rinse Peter's hair.
"Poor kid, indeed." Bucky said with a smirk. "You may wait for your gift, but I wonder if Steve will wait with his?" He chuckled, seeing the blond walk in. "Speak of the devil."
"He had a bad dream about Terminator and had an accident during our nap." Steve explained, taking Sammy in his arms.
"Horror movie sounds fun. And it’s the perfect excuse for one to hold the other if one of us gets scared." He grinned, kissing the tip of Tony's nose. "And then I know this pizzeria we can have dinner at, if you like pizza?" He asked. "I'll go call in and order tickets for later."
"Right. Night, love," Tony hummed into the kiss, easily settling down beside Peter.
Steve chuckled warmly, taking Sammy's carrier in both hands.
"Clint? Hey, it's Tony. Yeah. You and Romanoff still doing undercover as family movers? Yep. Cool. Key's in the same place, and Romanoff should be able to get into the neighbor's. 205. Yep. I'll explain when you get here. Oh--right, you know that place I thought about investing in? Off Walnut street? Yeah. Okay, good. See you guys soon. Buh-bye."
"Please purposefully bruise me?" Tony asked, letting Steve wash him, "I love it. Love having your marks all over me, babe."
"This I will agree with. But you have gotten much better about it." The blond smiled, kissing Tony back sweetly. "We've grown up." He admitted at a whisper.
"A chew toy, I'm assuming. At any rate, he's amused." Steve grinned, eyeing his husband playfully.
don't want to get a boner on our date, thank you."
"Licensing, and the fact that they're a hell of a good store," Tony grinned, "C'mon you."
Steve hummed dejectedly, setting the boy down carefully and biting the cookie.
The blond shook his head, straightening up his mess of hair with his hands before venturing out to find Tony.
"Come along as well, babe! Your opinion is definitely requested. You have an acute eye for these things from a different perspective." Raavi explained eagerly, motioning for Tony to sit as he took Steve behind the changing curtain.
"Oh my god." Tony moaned into his pillow, practically arching up into Steve's hands; he
Tony nodded, pulling back to smooch him lightly.
"Well hello there, handsome," he breathed, "What can I do ya for?"
Tony's eyes twitched in his sleep, hand clawing at Steve's chest. He took a sharp breath, clearly in a nightmare.
to tipsy, Nat," Tony laughed, pulling Steve down for another quick kiss, "Besides, if you don't like it, go to the guesthouse."
"Jus'
"We're going to watch the Walt Disney adaptation of 'The Little Mermaid' so you understand a bit of what I have been talking about." Tony explained as he settled next to Steve on the couch, having JARVIS bring out the television from the wall and set up the film. "I also want you to tell me what all inaccuracies there are from your perspective as an actual merperson. If you are up to it, anyway. I think it'd be funny."
Steve kissed back happily, wrapping his arms around Tony's waist as they kissed. "I blame hormones. You're still young and those things are killer. Make you want it so easily. Not that I'm complaining, of course."
"How come I didn't get ta listen?" He asked, crossing his arms.
"No, honey, not you," Tony murmured, getting both his arms around the boy, "I'm sad over something else, and Papa's sad 'cause he can't help me, that's all. Nothin' to worry over, promise."
"He's going to give us looks every time we call," he laughed, tipping his head back, "Clint's going to call me like 'bro, give his asshole a rest' and--"
"Did nobody think to tell me that we had to
Steve huffed a small pout on his lips, leaning up slightly.
"Merry Christmas," they echoed, followed by Clint's, "Here, sit, I'll perch on Bucky's arm."
Steve ran gentle hands along Tony's back lovely, whispering soft nothings in Gaelic happily.
He hopped up and sprinted down to the workshop, slowing down once he was out of sight. Tony shut the door and sat down at his welding table, using AC/DC to block Steve's prodding from his end of the bond.
He reached down to tug on Steve's hair, whimpering softly.
Peter yelped, screeching and giggling until Steve put him down.
Peter eagerly grabbed his penguin and his new box of crayons and drawing pad, following the pair down to the workshop.
"You find it funny, but I worry I'm going to accidentally squeeze him or something." Steve whispered back, getting up to lay Sammy down. "He's so small. And it makes me wonder if he'll end up small like I was."
He couldn't help but shake his head fondly.
Tony slid to the ground, laughing breathily with his hand over his chest.
"I agree. I really don't want to have to punish him, but what else can we do?" Steve asked carefully, eating at his soup. "I don't want to resort to spanking if we don't have to. Just want to put that out there."
"I'm not getting into that conversation," Tony groaned, shoving food in his mouth.
-----------------------------------
"Only for a second, Tony. I gotta... Y'know." He pointed out, slicking himself up before moving to pick Tony up again. "Keep things running smoothly, baby."
"Sammy's not diamonds, Petey." He explained to the boy. "But we say he's precious because-- and the same goes for you-- he is very special to us. Plus he is fragile and small and needs gentle touches."
birthday sex?" Tony asked hopefully, scooting closer to Steve, "I don't have anything I really wanna do today--"
He pecked Tony's lips gently and gave a small smile. "Now then, shall we continue?"
"You bring out the cheeseball in me, so get used to it. You're stuck with me." Steve grinned up at him, reaching up and stroking his cheek. "Your blush is still cute. Can't wait to see it for years to come."
"They will get better. We'll make it better, I know we can and will." The blond whispered lovingly. "I know it."
"Can you sit up for me, kiddo?"
"Hmm... It'd be nice to finish the mural up. All we need is our lettering, so it shouldn't take too long. So that would be perfect." Steve smiled back, kissing Tony's nose. "Let’s head up."
"Only Daddy does that," Peter replied matter-of-factly, grinning at his Papa's laughter.
The boy nodded enthusiastically, but then had a slight seriousness on his face.
?" Clint scoffed, booting up the ancient-looking device, "Hell, I played marbles at this age, Tones."
"Well,
He stood, shooing Steve to sit down so he could wash out his hair.
Tony nodded, unable to keep the beam off his face.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
likes fucking me over the principal's desk. Kinda like yours."
Steve kissed back, smiling softly at Tony before leaning down to kiss Sammy's cheek.
Tony broke down into sobs, burying his face into Steve's neck to keep his quiet enough so Peter wouldn't hear. He shook on top of Steve, completely breaking down.
"That was something different. Or you just hit harder, one of the two." He murmured a bit.
He got his arms around Steve, managing to carry him the few steps to the en suite, huffing as he lowered him into their jet tub.
"See? We know you know." Steve said with an amused smile.
"Stark's good to this kid," he murmured.
Steve hummed softly at that, laying his head against the wall and looking to Tony.
"Do you have a favorite part, Peter?"
"Auntie Peggy?" Peter asked, tugging on Peggy's shirt lightly. "Why was Papa cryin' then?" He asked curiously, batting his eyelashes up at her.
"Be like what? A thoughtful fiancé? All right, then." Steve chuckled, kissing his pout. "If we do, it won't be anything quick this time. It'll be nice and slow."
"Oh, baby," Tony whispered, breath catching in his throat, "Steve, oh my god--"
"Everything okay?" He asked, bending down to smooch Steve's temple.
Tony let go of Steve and moved his hand back to his hips, leaning forward to kiss his breastbone. "Take your time, babe," Tony breathed, hitching his hips up slightly.
"Well when you spend most of your high school years as a ninety-pound asthmatic, sports aren't exactly your choice of a creative outlet.".
Tony grinned from his chair, winking at Steve before drawing from his pipe again, humming happily.
"Papaaaa," Peter complained again, pouting from Pepper's lap, "You's been kissin' Daddy
"A big explosion, huh?" Steve said carefully, still looking at Peter as he started to eat.
"He wuzn' upshets wiff me, wuz'e?" Peter asked, limp trembling slightly, "I didn'
"I still can't believe he's heard us all these years," he whispered, trying not to laugh.
"This is perfect, Tony." Steve said softly, smiling at his boyfriend sweetly. "I never would have expected this. What made you think of doing all this just to take me dancing?" He asked curiously.
"That defeats the purpose of running together. We'll find something else." Steve hummed in thought as he chewed. "Yoga couldn't be too bad. And you feel super relaxed after."
"How could I not? You're gorgeous, Rogers," Tony breathed, "Your intellect is so attractive--"
"Noooo-ho-ho! Papa! Help!!!!" The boy squealed and giggled, trying to wiggle away.
"Oh my god. Okay. Tomorrow, we're only talking about manly things. Enough feelings," Tony snorted, "Sports and beer. Lots of beer."
Tony could only groan at that, lacing a hand into Steve's hair.
"I just wanna see if its
"Mmm."
"Hey. We're in this together," Tony shushed, squeezing Steve's hand, "C'mon, I'll hold your hand while we walk in."
"I'm.....I'm not hungry. I'll eat later." Tony pushed the food away, going to back to his phone. It was only a minute until his stomach growled, eliciting a sigh from him.
"Yeah."
"You sure? As long as you are okay with it." Steve said gently, picking Peter up to carry the boy to the living room. “So munchkin, what movie we gonna watch today?"
"Nothing, sweetheart. Just picking a little fun." He chuckled, blowing Tony a kiss.
Peter reached out to gently pat at Sammy's back to console the baby.
Peter nodded, crying out slightly when his backside was jostled to roughly.
"He's so blond," he murmured, bouncing Sammy around the room, "He almost looks bald from how blond he is."
"You married me, can't back out now," Tony teased, sitting up on his elbows, "Y'know, when you put it like that, maybe I'll work on a fucking machine. Like, a dildo on steroids. I could give it a motorcycle engine to
Already snuck out of his bed and over to the nursery, Peter quietly slid the bars down on the crib and helped Sammy out, tugging the sleepy baby into his arms, only to turn around and stare up at Steve, like a deer caught in the headlights
"So, you actually came?"
"What? He's
"But they aren't something I can bring out to the beach." The genius said sadly, eyeing the merman's pout. Those faces were sure to tug at his heartstrings no matter what.
Steve waited until Tony was in the shower before speaking with the others, letting them play a bit with the baby.
Tony silently scooted a little bit away from Steve, still keeping a hand on Peter's leg; he could only sit for so long before getting up, pressing a kiss to both of their cheeks.
"You were late to the fiesta," Tony laughed, "But that's okay. We were just enjoying our juice, like the men we are, right Pete?"
"So, Peter requested that we have breakfast and then cuddles." He hummed, petting the boy's hair and looking to Tony. "What do you think about that, Daddy?"
"I love you. You are a great husband and a great father. I want you to know that." He stated with a soft smile. "Guess I'll clean up in here then while you do that."
"If you're tired, yeah. We can sleep." He murmured back, kissing the top of Tony's head.
Speaking of which, Tony. Where was Tony?
Today however was the first day that Tony had to actually leave the mansion for work since Steve had arrived. The brunet had tried to negotiate with Pepper a way of staying home for the meeting and just doing it over whatever a Skype call was, but the strawberry blonde was adamant. There was no twisting her arm on the matter, and Tony knew it.
"It’s not a problem." Steve hummed sweetly, smirking against dark brown tufts of hair," And thank you for working wonders with that mouth of yours. My goodness."
Steve shook his head fondly at the boy, giving Tony's hand a squeeze as they watched Peter grab at his presents.
He slowly waltzed them around the room and whispered comforts to Peter, waiting till he was settled down before sitting on the bed with the boy in his lap.
Steve kissed back, giving a light hum at the pet name. He nuzzled back before Tony fell asleep, the man's heartbeat lulling him into sleep as well.
Steve nodded softly, smiling as he followed Tony into the bathroom. He brought Tony into a hug before he got all undressed for his shower, kissing his cheek.
He gave Peter one last kiss before standing and setting him on his bed, barely managing to keep it together while he sought out Steve. Standing in the doorway to the studio, Tony completely lost it, looking helplessly at his husband with tears stinging his eyes.
"Astrology," Tony replied, "And I have no problem not reacting-- what do you mean by 'because it’s you'? Are secretly harboring feelings, Doctor Rogers?"
-- we can move Pete down-- down a couple rooms--"
"Oh shush, pipsqueak, you have no say," Tony laughed, smooching Steve, "I think I'm gonna try and do this for a while. Get comfortable in my own skin again."
"Hope I didn't say something stupid," he groused, putting on his glasses to read the drip bag, "Always the heavy stuff to make me loopy."
"You seem to know the routine. Must get in trouble a lot," Steve murmured, starting up with a few gentle swats with the ruler, continuing until he reached twenty-one.
much. And we love you just as much. And if we all don't love each other, it would be nearly impossible to find someone with as much love." Steve explained earnestly, giving a small smile.
"Tony, you are brilliant." He stated with a sigh. "Nothing you say will sound dumb. Trust me."
"Yeah. Yeah, I'll take a hot shower, and I broke my fever at Clint's, but I'll nest in a guest room," he breathed, wiping water off of his face.
"Oooh, you're gonna make me shiver with antici.......pation." Steve joked back playful, leaning up into all the touches. "Love hearing what you plan to do with me."
"Now, Papa and I agree we don't wanna do this often, but it was
Peter sniffled and nodded, curling up into Steve's chest.
"Speaking of the boys, where's Peter?" He asked curiously. "Figured he'd be clung to you."
"Slip on something warm and comfy, and we'll go hang out at my place a bit. Have a break." He grinned, warming Tony up.
"Yes! Yes. What's the big deal? There are people who go back to college to get another degree.".
"Sorry there, Rogers! Should've knocked first. You're lucky I was aiming above your height.".
It didn't take even a second after Tony came before Steve fell over the edge, moaning loudly as he felt the other clenching around him. His grip on Tony's hips loosened and his body twitched as wave after wave of orgasm pulsed through his body.
Tony dashed for his recliner, not surprised that Peter wiggled out of Steve's arms to climb into his lap. He smooched the boy's cheek, trying to relax as everyone settled down.
"Uh-uh, brotha. You not chewin' my fingies." Peter said seriously, making a funny face.
"But you give kissies all da time. Plus kissies help things feel better." Peter pointed out.
"Luckily, I know that I can carry
"Very nice, munchkin. I like the final touches." The blond grinned, admiring his ink. "You don't mind if I pay with hugs and kissies, do you? I'm a little short on cash." He teased.
Tony laughed, curling up to Steve's side. "We can take a shower later and continue this," he snickered.
Tony hummed back, shaking his head softly.
"Poor guy," he murmured.
“I have no problem with you staying and talking, Buck. You know that,” Steve said softly with a smile, nodding back at him.
Peter sat back when his stomach started to settle, hiccupping as he looked up at Steve. Steve grabbed a tissue and wiped off Peter's mouth as the boy sat back.
"Okay. Night, Daddy. Love you." Peter murmured with a sniffle, shutting his eyes again as he settled in bed.
Tony grinned cheekily, pressing butterfly kisses all over Steve's face.
cut it. It had been two days now, and Steve still didn't remember a thing. Bruce had said it would pass eventually, give it time and help him familiarize himself again and his memory should come back. Well, Tony has tried. Stubbornly tried, and still was trying, but Cap was still at a loss for his memories. All Tony could do was keep trying to jog the man's memory in hopes to get good ol' Cap back.
"Mmhp," Steve breathed, rocking his hips back gently with it. "What is this one?" He asked curiously, letting out a moan as he felt it move a little.
"Yeah, me too."
"And he really is. He likes to spoil us he says. Since he has people to spoil." He chuckled. "But Tony is so good to Peter. Just wish he could see just how good he is a father to him sometimes. He always doubts and thinks the worst of himself."
He swiped his keys off the kitchen counter and trooped out to the garage, buckling Peter into his booster seat before helping Steve situate Sammy.
Steve picked one of them up at examined it, rolling it around in his hands. "Aren't these what Jockeys use on horses? Or what they started out being used for?"
He leaned up to press kisses around Steve's navel, ghosting over the golden curls nestled above his groin.
Steve looked at him and smirked.
Peter pouted, but he didn't disagree, opting to turn his head into Tony's neck.
date? Like, you want to go out to dinner and stuff?"
"Fuck, pressin' my good spot right when I'm laughin', bastard," he moaned.
"I'll get it." Steve replied, letting Tony stay with the boys.
"Yeah, I'm fine. Just excited." Steve said with a smile, heading into the bedroom and setting the bags down.
"Please?!" Peter asked enthusiastically, practically jumping at the idea. "Then I can play in my room, 'n Unca Clint and I can play 'n I have Unca Buck 'n Auntie Tasha for cuddles!"
Tony rolled his eyes.
"Ya want me to color this part next? Steve grinned, moving to the direction to color the spot.
Tony tied a tourniquet above Bucky's shoulder scar, resuming his work.
"Good, I'm good, go baby," He groaned, "Y'so big,
"I bet. Peter is probably going to get onto you, though." Steve warned softly, coming over and kissing Tony's temple. "You are the one who first told him that swearing was bad."
Tony rolled his eyes and plucked the hangers from the closet, trooping over to Peter's new room to hand them over to Steve.
"Yeah. Achy, but no--" Tony made a face, "--urges. I think I'm okay."
"Yeah, bud. We'll see the sharks. I know you like them." Steve hummed, petting Peter's head as he heard him fall asleep.
A loud groan erupted around the table.
"Howdy." Steve grinned, kissing Tony's temple sweetly with a hum.
"Gooh."
"A kitty!" Peter shouted, causing Sammy to screech.
He nuzzled at Steve's hand, looking up at him with pleading eyes.
"You do awful,
? Holy shit, that's new. Anyway. I'm fine, just a lil' cut."
"Alright, nope, no chick flick moments, up, it's been ten minutes," Tony ordered, grinning, "Let's go."
"Whenever you want. It's only a half hour drive there, and being the nature of the store, it's open twenty four hours," Tony grinned, "You tell me when, and we can go."
"Thank you all for coming. We really appreciate it." Steve said with a smile as he saw them out. He let out a relaxed sigh as they left, heading back up to the bedroom after finishing cleaning up.
"Okay, good job baby," Tony hummed, twisting the plug more into Steve, "You're doin' real good f'me."
Steve looked over at Peter carefully. It sounds like Peter just doesn't want Sammy using his crayons more so than worrying about what Sammy could do to himself. But he disregarded it for now.
"See? All better," Tony soothed, "Everything's better."
"We should probably talk about punishments, since he is at that age," Tony said quietly, "So we're both on the same page and stuff."
"Why do you think you are too big to be held, munchkin?"
"It's going to be a lot of talking and stuff, you know that, right? He's gonna ask why I'm there, and I'll-- I'm going to explain everything, and I'm probably going to cry," Tony replied quietly, "He'll ask you questions, and ask me questions--" He took a deep breath, squeezing Steve's hand again.
"Maybe," Tony hummed, running the pads of his fingers over Steve's blush, "I think you'd like it."
"Not that I don't completely love that you did this, but you're sick and just ran through the rain and got all soaked which doesn't help." Steve pointed out. "And you pulled me away from the baby and he's by himself..."
"Y'back, munchkin?" Steve grinned as Peter ran over, making his way directly towards the pizza box as Clint set the food down.
"I want you to keep this in," Tony hummed, dancing his fingertips over Steve's skin, "And if you're good, I'll use the vibrator, 'kay?"
"I feel you. But you are good at your job. Tony
"We have a courting ritual that we do to find a potential mate. Is it like that?" The blond asked, trying to piece together something similar to what Tony was describing.
The baby smiled happily back with little noises as he patted at Tony's chin.
emotion, even to his
"When I was a kid, I was playing in the snow with Bucky one winter." He started quietly. "I ran back further than I meant to and went over an icy lake. And I fell through. I didn't know how to swim, either. Thankfully Bucky got me out, but I was horribly sick afterwards... It scared me."
"I love you too, big guy," Tony murmured, wrapping his arms around Steve, "More than you know."
"I was trying to keep quiet. You made that very difficult to do, y'know,” Steve said softly, looking to Tony carefully.
The blond tried to lean up on his hands, faltering a little and causing Tony to grab him in reaction.
"It’s alright, Tony. You don't have to apologize for that." Steve soothed, giving Tony a light smile. "It’s a big thing. Emotional. You don't ever have to apologize to me for crying, okay? Everyone does it. Has their moments."
"I think you need more than a hand," Tony laughed, taking Peter from Steve, "Kitchen's all clean and our bed is turned down. I'm gonna stuff him into the bath and pajamas, you wanna take Sammy and we'll rendezvous at bed in twenty?"
"There is time for more sleep later." Steve insisted, humming at the touches. "This is a rare chance for us to do quite a bit. Just, like, have a marathon."
"What is that?" He asked curiously.
"You look so pretty like this," Tony hummed, tilting up Steve's jaw to get a good look at him, "All dolled up for me.
The man let out another groan in reply, letting out a soft whine as Tony teased and ran his thumbs over his nipples, driving him mad. Steve's hands ran along Tony's sides slowly, taking in each inch he could with touch.
"We're gonna hope not. For Ms. Sharon's sake, especially." Steve hummed gently. "She is going to be very tired after all this."
Steve kissed Tony softly on the lips before carefully leading him to bed. "You are getting sleep before you go and get anything, though. You work yourself late a lot. It’s not healthy."
Steve stopped Tony's ranting again, this time with a finger to Tony's lips. When did he get so close? Steve leaned forward and lightly brushed his lips against the brunette's own. Tony's eyes went wide, his face growing extremely hot. When Steve pulled away, there was a tiny trace of pink blushing across his cheeks.
"Ah, please, come in, I'll go get him," Tony offered, heart sinking at the possibility that Steve was having an affair.
Peter teared up and let his arms drop, whimpering softly.
Eagerly, Tony nodded, nearly slipping as he dashed up the stairs, crawling on top of the bed to watch the door with ready eyes. The blond grinned at the apparent eagerness in Tony, heading off to change quickly and go upstairs.
"Please do not call me a sexy monkey," Tony sighed, knowing there was a blush of embarrassment on his face, "
He easily finished off his ice cream, scraping the bottom of the dish. Steve grinned at him, reaching out to wipe some chocolate sauce off the boy's cheek before finishing his cup up.
"Sammmmms," Peter groaned, leaning back, "Not m'
"Hey! Rude," Tony groused.
Steve shook his head softly.  "I do not want that, Mr. Stark. I came here to inform you that I'd like respect in the workplace. From you and the coworkers. They all seem to think I'm sleeping with you for a raise with how often I visit your office."
Steve swooped in quickly and scooped up the boy, throwing him over his shoulder as he headed back to the living room.
"What's so funny?" he asked inquisitively.
" 'm a sup'hero!!! Whoosh!" He exclaimed, giving a turn with his towel cape.
"Steve. I am a technological genius. If they give us one of those, I will rebuild it into a pissing beagle," Tony deadpanned, not missing a beat, "It'll be fine, honey. Let's concentrate on our one twerp before we have two, okay?"
"I just want to stay with you like this for a long while." He hummed sweetly, continuing to simply kiss at Tony's skin.
Peter sniffled softly with a small whine, leaning back against Steve as he nibbled the crackers.
"Papa, I'm gonna go back t'bed," Peter yawned, sliding off the couch, "M'sleepy."
Steve nodded softly, a bit surprised as he traveled downwards to the workshop. Tony had something to share this early? The blond pondered what it could be to himself as he entered Tony's domain, the brunet greeting him with an excited grin.
Steve kissed back happily, slightly turning his head to deepen it. Peter made another muffled "EEEEEW!" from inside the sweater, leaving Steve to laugh against Tony's lips.
He turned around to see a strong blonde, arms crossed in front of him and a slightly irritated face. He was wearing a partially put on dress shirt and an untied bow tie around his neck. Tony didn't really pay too much mind to it though.
"Isn't he cute, Pete?" Tony murmured, blinking away the tears in his eyes, "He's so precious."
He laughed softly, smiling fondly at the rapidly growing pile of gifts.
Tony dissolved into giggles, hand on his stomach.
figuratively."
." Steve smirked, giving Tony an eskimo kiss.
"Thanks," Tony snorted, "Good to know the artist thinks I can draw well."
"No, Tony, don't be an asshole," Clint interrupted,
"So if I go up to your room right now, it's not going to be really really messy, right?" He asked.
Steve was surprised at the sketch Tony had made. He could tell what everything was.
, Rogers." Tony drawled, "But you are correct. I'll have Miss Carter give Sam a ring to ask which morgue Wade is being stored at, and we'll have a look."
"Now you'll be a good boy for Uncle Buck, Auntie Tasha, and Uncle Clint, won't you bubba bug?" Steve asked the baby, making funny faces at him.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony with a happy hum. "It is a little nippy, isn't it?" He said playfully. "How about I help keep you warm?"
He poured more lube onto his hand, pulling Steve up slightly so he could lather up his cock, having the blond straddle his lap.
"Petey-Bear!!! You saved me from being a monster! Thank you so much!" He chuckled, booping Peter's nose happily.
"Well you sir seem to forget that I myself am a human furnace." Steve shot back, ticking his tongue out playfully. He managed to scoot, wrapping arms around the both of them and snuggling close with a content hum.
"Hey! Um, can I, uh, draw you?".
“Oh, let me tell ya. Steve is such a cuddle bug. Just a big ol’ puppy,” Tony said with a shit-eating grin, just causing Steve to flush even more and earning a raspy laugh from Bucky.
He kissed Steve lovingly and settled down, soon falling asleep while curled up next to Steve.
Peter had a big grin on his face like he knew a secret. "You loved him~~!"
"It's okay," Tony mumbled, "It wasn't you, really. The video-- kinda set me off. It just pushed me over. It really wasn't your fault, lovie."
"I'm not surprised. It's good for Pete, though. To see what not to do."
"American flag silk? Of course you did." He huffed a laugh, face still red.
He got his thumbs under Steve's boxer briefs, slowly tugging them off.
"Mmm, you better know it," Tony hummed, leaning in to nip at Steve's collar, "If not, I guess I'll have to show you."
"It'll be fun," Tony laughed softly, "God, I can't wait to have another little you."
"Alright." Tony nodded, only standing after Rhodey stood.
"So," The blond started, picking lightly at the fabric of Tony's shirt "You took me to the Walmart of sex stores, had me pick things that piqued my interest to use a bit when we got back. Yet here we are, still completely clothed and chatting. Y'see what’s wrong with the image?".
Once Sammy was burped and rocked back to sleep again, Steve managed to wriggle under the blanket with his husband. He curled around him, wrapping his arms around and gently dancing his hands over Tony's chest.
Steve smiled softly as they pulled into the parking lot of the aquarium. The fact the boy wants to help it was nice.
"I'm making your limp
"Alright. We're all ready to go? We'll get you loaded up in the car, buddy." He grinned, picking up Peter's suitcase.
A voice without a body? Peculiar. But it helped watch over Tony and keep him safe, Steve hoped. This helped the blond relax more from the initial defensiveness, giving Tony a small smile.
"Mmm, I dunno, it's pretty big, probably nine--" Tony's words were muffled behind Steve's hand until he licked him, grinning. "Restraints next," he hummed, "For me. Silk ones-- ooh, in gold, and I'm all for fluffy handcuffs."
Peter just hummed noncommittally and picked up his book again, happy to snuggle Sammy and ignore Steve. Steve frowned at that, looking downward as he stepped a bit away from the hammock and sat on the floor. His head hung in hurt, feeling terrible that he could've made Peter think such things. After a moment, Peter looked over with a sad huff, tossing his book aside to reach down and pet Steve's hair.
"Hey, Steve?"
"Pretty sure you are, too." the blond laughed warmly, swinging an arm over Tony's shoulder as they sat on the couch, humming contently.
Tony nodded as he pulled on a hoodie and his shoes, lacing his fingers with Steve's once the blond was dressed. They trooped downstairs, Tony only letting go to gently shake Peter awake.
"Nah. We pose, but sometimes we do our job," Clint laughed, shaking Steve's hand, "Good to see Tony finally got his other half."
"No, Steve. Not three legs, I promise. Look, I'll explain things soon. First, inside and clothes."
"Eugh," Tony grinned, "Horrible."
"Look Bruce, I don't know what you think is going on, but--".
the fucking thing and I have to start all over and-- fuck, it's just annoying," Tony muttered, "Felt good to shout, though."
"He got a bath. He's clean." Steve hummed with the kiss, wrapping arms around Tony and Sammy sweetly. "I just like to give all my favorite boys kisses. If Peter weren't napping, he'd get kisses too."
Peter nodded softly, still looking to Clint apologetically.
"Oh my god," Tony muttered, shaking his head, "Talk about shades of me from
"You're adorable flustered." He teased, smirking at the other playfully and earning a laugh from the human. "I have to go, but I'll come back tomorrow. Promise."
Tony flicked his eyes over to Steve, a knowing smile on his face.
"I can handle myself, Steve, if you couldn't tell, I've been sick for much longer," he muttered, shouldering his bag before trooping downstairs.
He carefully handed over Sammy to Tony and dashed to the kitchen, making up Tony and Peter's bowls so they can eat first while he held onto the baby.
"No, can't swim--N--To--Tony..." He ranted, as he tried to calm down, seeing Tony next to him.
"Hey," Tony reached over to squeeze Bucky's real hand, a soft smile on his lips, "If the son of an abusive drunk can somehow get a family, a kickass dude with a metal arm can have one. Sit down with Nat and Clint, talk it out. He's always wanted a family since he left the circus, and I'm sure Nat's got a secret harboring after being around Peter so much. And if not, I'll be happy to buy you hundreds of dogs till they come around."
Early morning sunlight poked through the room windows, a stray beam shining down on Steve's face gently. The light caused the blond to stir, waking slowly with a silent hum. He stretched his new limbs with small pops leaving his bones, being able to wiggle toes causing him to smile.
"Oh my god," Tony wheezed, "I love it. C'mere, baby, stand in front of the mirror."
saps," Tony laughed, sniffling slightly, "I-- god, from now on, unless he does something
"Well, that kind of killed the mood for a little bit. Just when we got to the good stuff. Worry is always a buzz kill. Sorry." He sighed, feeling bad for working himself up over Tony's breathing.
He took his hands away, chuckling at Steve's whine.
reckless," He laughed.
"You're perfect." Steve hummed against Tony's cheek, resting his head against him. "So perfect to me. Wouldn't change a thing--" he grinned happily.
"Thank you, sir." Steve grinned, taking the peanut butter and getting out the loaf of bread to get started.
"He needed sleep." Bruce continued. "So I made his last few cups of coffee decaf.".
"Mmm, yep," Tony hummed.
"I'll be fine," he snorted.
"Mmm, I've had an hour or two to think about it," Tony grinned, shucking Steve's pants down, "Off, babe."
"Shh, don't be," Tony soothed, guiltily drying the razor off and setting it aside, "Not your fault." He wrapped his arms around Steve, burying his face in his chest before having to pull back to grab his medical kit, sitting back down to address his new wound.
Clint shouted at that, causing Tony to put his head in his hands and Bucky to hoot.
"C'mere," He whispered.
Steve shook his head. "Course not. Just think it be nice to have some time to be intimate without getting sweaty and covered in come." He explained. "The sex is great, not going to lie, but it'd be nice just to be together."
be." He shrugged, going over to the fridge to try and grab the blueberries.
Steve watched as Peter left, moving towards the couch in the workshop and lounging back with a sigh.
"All right. You're all good."
good in glasses by the way, Mr. Stark."
He was
"Well, if he wasn't, he definitely is now. Nat's biggest turn on is talking about other guys fucking her really hard," Tony laughed again, "Alright, too far, anywhoosies--" He smooched Steve's cheek, easily settling down into his warmth. He tangled their legs together, reaching up to play with Steve's hair.
He pulled Steve up so he was kneeling on the bed, spreading his thighs apart. He let Steve sit back down again, sucking on his fingers before gently trailing them down to his hole.
"With pleasure, baby." Steve growled, rolling his hips down against Tony's as he continued.
Steve stopped his movements for the moment, looking to Tony softly. "Don't let you what, love? What don't you want to do?"
Peter reached up to Sammy, tugging on Steve until the baby was in his lap. He squinted at his brother, gently poking the boy's nose. Sam squealed happily, reaching up to put his hands on Pete's cheeks.
"That sounds like a good idea. As long as it’s not too cold for ice cream." He hummed contently, petting Peter's hair. "He's been pretty good this year. Does all his homework, has only gotten in trouble a couple times, but it was all from misunderstandings, really. He's good and deserves good things to him."
"You are
"What are you blushing for, Tony?".
"Alright, pipsqueak, let’s go eat," Tony yawned, standing up from the bed before gathering Peter into his arms.
"If we make it quick. If Peter found out, he'd be grumpy at us the rest of the day." Steve replied, opening the passenger door for his husband.
"Yeah, okay, you get to bathe him then," Tony replied, switching children, "Go have fun in the sink."
Tony gave him an unimpressed look and shook his head.
"Love you too, munchkin. So, so much." Steve whispered back with a warm smile, ruffling Peter's hair. "How about we go see how Daddy's doing with work and we can ask him about the day with just us, huh?"
"Pete?" He called softly, "Let's get you a bath, kid. Wash the redness off your face."
"Thank you, goldilocks," Tony teased, leaning over Pete to smooch Steve, "Goodnight, love."
Tony stirred in his sleep, waking with a jolt next to Steve. He took a careful breath and slowly relaxed his hands from his boyfriend's shirt, trying to settle himself down. He nudged Steve's chin with the top of his head, pressing kisses to his bruised collarbones.
"You don't have to stop right away, Tony. I just want you to know you don't have to do it anymore. I'll help you anyway I can, okay?" Steve said soothingly, rubbing comfortingly at Tony's leg. "And you won't disappoint me. I'm too proud of you all the time to be disappointed."
a giwlfwend!"
"We'll see." Tony smiled, shrugging and raising an eyebrow.
For those of you who did that already, I hope you enjoy chapter 2!
"Mhm," Tony hummed, hissing at the loud bangs and screams, "Bit loud for me, but not scary."
He scooped Peter up and they started heading back to the boy's room. "But you had a good day, didn't you? Had a good Christmas, little bear?"
"Undie, pans, shur." Peter repeated thoughtfully, moving to sit down in Steve's lap.
, it's a hot place. They've got stuff Bruce doesn't carry that I like."
"When I find the time, we will talk thoroughly about it." Steve said seriously before turning back to Peter. "Now then, how about we watch us some Saturday Morning cartoons?"
His head tilted back, body rocking upwards with Tony's thrusts and pumps in pure ecstasy.
"--She's expected to recover, but we're not sure how much memory she'll have. However, she signed the papers for release last night, and according to her doctor, Samuel is ready for release, if you'd like to see him before signing the last of the paperwork."
