The sun comes beaming in through a crack between the curtains. As he’d feared, he’s alone in his bed. His head hurts, his heart hurts, and he needs a cup of coffee so badly he can smell it. Actually he can really smell coffee. He sits up in his bed. He can hear someone in the kitchen down the hall. “Please let it be Dean,” he prays. “Please let it be Dean.”
With an audible sigh, he knows the time in car has given him too much time to think. It is entirely possible that he’ll be able to avoid Dean indefinitely. The job in Lawrence is definitely a good one, great for his career, and he does love the idea of spending more time with his friends. It’s has to be the weather making things worse, it’ll all feel better in the morning. And if they aren’t, he can get back on the road tomorrow and keep heading west.
Dean licks Cas’s finger tip, then takes it into his mouth to suck it gently, releasing it with a pop. Cas hums his approval.
“Are we done yet?” Dean says. “There’s the two girls from earlier that had potential. How were the lap dances?”
Oh Cassie, that is absolutely dreadful. I am surprised they let him leave Narnia, he seemed so happy in that closet. Then again, we all know what happened to that lion. Maybe Dean is to blame. This does not bode well for your fetish, Ramzey.
Or that hug after he saw Cas for the first time in Purgatory. Then Cas pushed him through the gate and stayed behind, Dean felt a lot like this then too.
He’s about to say no but he sees the mint chocolate chip on the counter. “I can. Apparently this is my day of thieving. The ice cream is stolen too. Anything else we need, since I’ve turned to a life of petty crime.”
Cas decides to skip the stir fry he had planned and instead whips up a batch of chili, the fact that it was Dean’s favourite doesn’t escape him. He gathers all the ingredients, ground meat, tomatoes, onions, garlic, and pulls the beans and spices off the shelves.
Dean’s not sure what just happened. But Lisa can’t seem to get away fast enough. Whatever it is, it worked. Oh, and it sounds like Cas may not be opposed to kissing. Huh.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck…” Lyra begins again. They may have to apologize to her parents for the sudden onset of profanity.
To his surprise, the world doesn’t end immediately. He isn’t struck down. Cas doesn’t say anything, just licks his lips, and tilts his head in the way that he isn’t fully understanding the world around him. It’s the look he used to give Dean and Charlie when they spoke Star Wars. It’s also the look that made Dean want to kiss him in the first place— 10 years ago.
“Cas? This feather came out.” Dean doesn’t know anything about birds or about feather or about angel feathers. “Are they like teeth? Once they’re lost is it for good. I am so sorry.”
“Go ahead,” Cas says. Dean does, passing Cas the bowl when he’s done with it. Their hands touch again. No one apologizes, no one pulls away, and Dean isn’t 100 percent sure who touched who first. Maybe it doesn’t matter.
There are a variety of empty booze bottles strewn throughout the room, the living room and the kitchen. It is, quite frankly, a mess.
Cas would punch Dean in his stupid perfect mouth if he were more awake, instead he mutters something akin to yes please. It is too early to be this chipper.
He should wine and dine you. You deserve all the amazing things. And if he doesn’t measure up you know physically or otherwise, I will make sure I have a cruel and unusual way to make him pay.
Dean grabs his hand and leads him to a chair on the stage close to the pole. “Ok, sit. So here are our rules. Clients stay seated, dicks in pants, hands where I can see them. This is a big one. Allows you to stay in control. They aren’t allowed to touch the dancers, but we can touch them. That’s pretty much it. I try not to turn my back to the clients. But there are cameras,” Dean points to a few conspicuous spot on the ceiling. “Benny and his crew will come help if need be.”
He drives. He should stop and do the rounds. See the gang. Take his mind off all this. But he just can’t bring himself to do it. He’s spent his whole life serving other people, maybe it’s time he took some time for himself for once.
Dean doesn’t say anything in response. Cas deserves more than a high-school drop out mechanic with oil under his fingernails. More than someone who breaks everything he touches.
“Ok, ok, that’s enough!” Gabe says motioning for the music to stop. Thanking fuck for small mercies, Dean downs another vodka and fills Gabe’s glass.
“Cas, this is my new friend Jamie,” Dean says accompanied by the giggly blonde. She is even prettier in person. Cas hates her.
Dean whimpers, he knows Cas can feel his erection, just like he can feel his.  “Yeah, I did say that, didn’t I?”
“Cas and I are adults. We’ll be ok for a night. I’ll head back to Bobby’s in the morning after the storm passes and you can give me shit about how I fucked up yet another good thing. And everything can go back to the way it was.”
He weeps. All those weeks after Cas got sucked into the empty. All that time, when he put on a brave face for everyone when all he wanted was to feel the agony of his loss. The way Jack just rebuilt the worlds, and the folks were happy. Jody, Donna, the girls, Charlie, everyone. They were so pleased it was over. He was glad too. No one seemed to want to talk about the cost. And he couldn’t explain why his was suddenly so much greater than everyone else’s. Some things he just wanted to keep for himself. So he didn’t tell them, just something about Cas’s stupid brave last sacrifice for humanity. Jack knew, all he could offer Dean was a sad smile, but no angel.
Dean just keeps staring out the window. Cas and Sam are placing the last of the boxes into the trunk. Charlie sends a text, probably to Sam because he’s looking at his phone, then Charlie’s phone buzzes.
“To explain. No. You know what, Dean. Save it. I’m sorry you saw that. Just forget it, and forget me. I’m going to email UCLA and move there instead.”
It’s as close to a declaration of love as Dean has ever gotten. Stil, it occurs to Dean that taking a physical approach to his relationship with Cas may not have been the best thing to do. With Sam spending more and more time with Eileen, they’ve had the bunker more or less to themselves. Cas hung up his trench coat and committed to spending more time there with Dean. They’d discussed the every day human things like underwear (Cas goes commando most of the time) and how to make coffee. But they’d never talked about all those scary things like love, respect and trust. Because that was awfully close to feelings and Dean Winchester doesn’t do feeling. Well, he didn’t. Not until this kiss where it’s clear there are feelings all around.
“The weather has been like this since I left Canada. Feels like I’ve been driving in the rain since I crossed back into the US two days ago. Long slow drive.” Cas really doesn’t want to talk about the weather.
“I’m wherever you are. Jack says we both deserve it. He’ll come get us if he needs help, God rarely does.”
Castiel is looking very uncomfortable indeed. He looks up at Dean, hands rigid at his side as if he’s holding back. As if he’s at war with a his body isn’t really his. And then crystal blue eyes meet green -- and it’s game over for Dean.
The GPS in his car chirps that there is only 10 miles to go until the exit. He prays that the transport truck he’s using as a beacon doesn’t leave the highway before then. It’s the only thing showing him where the road is. A notification of a text on his console. A disembodied female voice reads:
“Turn around, beautiful. Let me dry off your chest.” Cas runs the towel over Dean’s pecs. Dean tries to suppress a moan when Cas pays his nipples a bit of attention, until he finds his way down to the waist of his pants.
“Hmmm, tempting, but I don’t want you to think I’m easy and put out before the first date.” Dean winks. Cas rolls his eyes.
Lyra is no longer in the kitchen. And there isn’t the pitter patter of little feet to guide them. Their place isn’t that big. Dean starts in the bathroom and the bedroom, while Cas checks the closets. He’s still reeling from a few moments ago but for now, they have to focus on finding Lyra.
“Daddy! ‘Raff go zoooooooooooom,” Lyra grabs the rocket and the giraffe and makes flying motions toward Cas running from the kitchen to the living room.
“I think, you’re seeing something that isn’t there, Charlie. I really need to get back to work.” He likes Charlie, he just wishes she just wasn’t so observant.
“It’s laundry day,” Dean teases as he gives his own dick a gentle stroke.  It’s for show really since he’s already hard. He walks back to straddle Cas’s lap. Cas whimpers, Dean can tell he's fighting off on instinct to grind up onto Dean's erection. Not that Dean would mind, but he appreciates the small effort to keep professional.
They laugh, turning off the light on the way out. Downstairs they hear the sounds of a very successful party, but Dean just wants to be alone with Cas.
Dean stands there, his ears red, head bowed down. He looks ashamed. Cas is pretty sure he may be overreacting but he’s wanted this out of his system for a while.
: I do need help. Dean decided I needed to be courted, so we are having a date and he’s making me dinner. I don’t know what to wear.
Thing have suddenly becomes much more interesting. Castiel looks decidedly uncomfortable. He keeps staring at his feet.
Dean laughs. And they count down to one, and Dean kisses Cas and Cas kisses Dean. Then, as promised, Cas leads Dean to bed.
Dean looks hopeful, as if one quick quip could erase everything and they could pick up where they left off. But it is too much, too soon.
And while all these things may have fueled what happened next, he doesn’t blame Cas or Gabe. He knows now he has no one to blame but himself.
It’s misty outside, but it’s not pouring. The winds have died down as well. Cas makes his way down to the dock, he’s spent a lot of time fishing, swimming, watching the sun set from here. When he thinks of the cabin, this dock is what he thinks about. Dean taking a running start before cannonballing into the lake. Hell, he’d even had his first beer here, the few they’d stolen from Bobby’s stash. It was here that Cas first told Dean he was gay. To his credit, Dean just took the news in stride and said he didn’t care, he just wanted Cas to be happy.
“Ok. Rumours has it from the betas that he’s a fun lay. And that if he likes you, sometimes he’ll invite you back to his place for some non-mated action.” Gabriel waggles his eyes brow. “Cassie, you know he’s going to  look at this sweet, sweet package,” Gabriel gestured towards his crotch, “and he won’t stand a chance. He’ll be begging to try my big old knot on for size.”
“Just give me a sec, let me finish. I know we talked about being friends earlier, and I’ll take what I can get. But…” Dean turns to Cas. “Deep down, I’d like more. I don’t like labels, I guess I’m bi, probably more gay than bi. But whatever…and you’re smart and going places. Me, well, I’m just a recovering drunk with daddy issues and oil under his fingernails. But damn it, I miss you. And jesus fuck, your hip bones might just have given me a fetish. ”
“Thought you wanted to take things more traditionally.” Cas teases but takes a step closer to Dean. “Look at me.”
He touched his forehead, blood. And his left shoulder hurt. He’s not sure why. He heard the sirens in the distance. Baby’s front end was mangled, and Jody was asking him to blow into a straw, but it was all too much.
“God, I wanted to do this last night…” Dean confesses as he runs a finger along the waist of Cas’s sleep pants.
It turns out his blood alcohol was just below the legal limit, but given the empty bottles in the car, and his state when they found him, they charged him with impaired driving anyway. As a first-time offender he got a fine, a thirty-day license suspension, and court-mandated therapy.
He pulls onto the road, puts on his turn signal and goes left. He wonders if there are car accidents in heaven. The flash of that first big crash, the one that should have killed him. The first deal -- the yellow eyed-demon, Tessa. Life before Cas, lots of beer, lots of monsters, lots of one night stands, and more than a few decisions--he wishes they’d done differently. Regrets, he’s got a few.
Dean takes a few steps towards him and pushes Cas against the house. He stares at Dean - anger flaring in those blue eyes. Cas licks his lips, Dean loses his resolve and smashes his mouth over Cas’s. It’s rough, hard, all teeth, tongue and passion, just like Dean remembers. Cas seems to be in it, but then Cas gives him a strong shove back.
“Here let me get that for you,” Dean says as he wipes the sauce off Cas’s lip with his thumb and licks it. Cas wonders if anyone has ever fainted from a sudden rush of blood to the cock.
“So I walk into the living room and the guy has Michael ass-up, bent over the couch. For four years, I bottomed though I prefer to top. Michael said he hated it. He meets this guy on the street and lets himself get fucked. So the bear sees me and stops thrusting for a sec and says ‘I’m Boomer, you’re hot. Wanna join us?’ I’m not sure what happened next but I kicked them both out. Told Michael to never come back. I poured myself a drink or two or 20 and the next day, I wake up on the couch. Covered in their glitter. I get up and drag my sorry ass to bed, hoping it’s all some sort of nightmare.”
In spite of himself, Cas does want to know the whole damn story. But he no longer feels he has the right to pry.
“I’ll ask Gabe where he gets his pies, he can bring us a couple.” Sam says, finally breaking the silence.
“But you didn’t have a choice.” Cas just leans in. “Let’s play doctor. All you have to do is open up and say aah.”
, Dean can see it now. “This might be a waste of your time. I’m afraid my dance skills are bit more traditional. But I really need the work.”
Charlie is still talking. He barely hears her tirade, until she grabs his arm and forces him to look at her.
Cas wants to protest, starts to but it sounds untrue. Balt is right. Leaving Kansas with all its advantages because of Dean may be a bit rash, moreso because he and Dean haven’t really talked. It’s been a trying few days, and the stress of it all may be getting to him. He still a bit angry, but he decides to go back into the cabin, mostly because he has nowhere else to go.
“You were friends for a long time, things ended badly. You never got closure. Blah blah blah this relationship crap is Ramzey’s thing. But darling, this is but a blip. If he can’t see how amazing you are, I know some men who now live in California who always have room for you in their beds. Just as I’m sure there are a few at KU, they just won’t be as good-looking. ”
Dean nods. Dean is watching him, green eyes never leaving his face. Cas thrusts timidly again, he doesn’t want to hurt Dean and god. Michael hated giving head. It must show on his face. Dean pulls off again, kisses down his length. He doesn’t look like a man who minds this at all.
Cas awakens to the smell of bacon and the sound of rain still coming down. He opens his eyes, but stays in bed for a moment as the events of last night come back to him. Looking out over the lake, he sees droplets clinging to the window. He was so tired he forgot to close the blinds last night. He reaches for his phone. It’s 9 a.m. He never sleeps in this late.
They spend the rest of the afternoon ignoring each other. The space is small, however, and with the rain continuing to come down in sheets, there are not many places for Cas to hide. It’s going to be a long week if they can’t find a civil middle ground.
Well, he’s not wrong, Dean thought. He’d been drunk and he’d gotten behind the wheel of a car. Flashing back to every single timeSam would be most upset about their dad driving home after a night at the bar. Upset that John was drunk but even more upset that John could have hurt others. And now, Dean had gone and done exactly the same thing. He was no better than his dad.
“If you mean dessert, yes. Otherwise, definitely yes but maybe we want to go somewhere a bit more private.”
“Daddy up!” She says when Cas makes no moves to get up off the ground. Instead he looks to Dean for guidance.
“Thanks. The cabin is far enough from Gold’s lake that water damage shouldn't be an issue. Slightly concerned about damage to the trees.”
“Wyra — baby birb.” She point to herself. “Cas — Daddy birb.” She moves her small hand to the top of Cas’s shoulder. Then she notices the giraffe she’s still holding.
Bobby always claimed Missouri was full of woo woo magic and could see things no one else could. Cas really didn’t believe in that stuff, but Missouri still has a way of answering questions you didn’t know you’d asked. He never thought to question her about how she knew now he’s not so sure. He just trusts that she does. She brings out a some cups and puts out some cookies.
“No, you won’t. You love her too much for that. Besides, that’s not why I know things. I just hear them around,” Missouri explains as if that’s enough. “Hand me your menus.” They do and she walks away.
Dean pours him a cup, fixes it with a touch of milk and a dollop of honey and leaves it on the counter for Cas to take. It’s the best cup of coffee he’s had in a long time. Damn him.
“You’ll need to get adequately prepared if I take you as my true visage,” Cas had matter-of-factly explained as he worked the traffic cone into Dean. “These items are a good start.” Dean was speechless and not entirely sure how serious Cas was being, but wondered for a moment if he’d need to be blindfolded for that.
“You know his knot isn’t nearly as big as mine,” Gabriel says to Dean, he really can’t stand being bested. Cas growls again, like he means it.
He drives. He drives because he doesn’t know what else to do. He drives because it’s something to do. He listens to the radio, all those sad songs that remind him of Cas. Eventually the sun sets and he finds a spot in a field where he can see the entire night sky.
He tries to imagine  the look on John Winchester’s face if Dean were to stroll into their heaven with a man-shaped angel on his arm for Sunday dinner. Dean laughs to himself. Dean’s actually not sure what would bother his dad more. The gay or the monster.
They can see the trees bending in the storm. A gust of wind rattles the windows on the porch, then there’s a click and the pitter-patter of rain hitting windows,
Cas blocks out the bad 80s hair rock playing in the store and continues his work cataloguing and pricing albums from the Cain collection -- 50,000 albums, mostly jazz all in impeccable condition. He’s looking at a rare Miles Davis and Quincy Jones recording of Porgy and Bess when he’s interrupted.
“Cas, I’m fine. I’ve been in much worse shape. It’s just a bit sore, it makes me think of you. It’s fine.”
“What do you want in a mate?” Deans says mustering far more confidence that he feels. Please say a pretty omega with green eyes.
“But it’s…” And Dean sees for the first time, that he’s not the only one who may struggling with his feelings.
Cas had heard the phone the first few times, then had passed out. He came to with a Godzilla-sized headache awakened by Gabe’s Candy Man ringtone. He’d thrown the infernal thing across the room. Sadly, it had left a dent in the wall but hadn’t shattered. Feeling a wee bit guilty about making people worry, he chases the emotion with another swig. But he can still see the last few teeny tiny specks flash before his eyes when he closes them. Heck, he sees little specks of glitter everywhere lately.
“Castiel, Dean overheard what you said.. But he really wants to meet you, and asked me to make sure you don’t leave.”
“Don’t you two look cosy. Tell me this is a thing now?” Charlie looks more excited about this than Dean is.
His mind wanders back to Dean. They met in middle school — the teacher assigned this beautiful boy to sit next to Cas, no doubt because Cas was quiet, studious and Dean was anything but. That first day, when it became clear that Dean didn’t have lunch, Cas shared his — true to the Christian values he’d been taught in Sunday school. They struck up an unusual friendship, Dean’s ease with people a sharp contrast to Cas’s awkwardness. And soon there was rarely a Dean without Cas.
In a lesser known part of the land, Gabriel Milton tries to convince his little brother Castiel to go on a speed-date with the magical, beautiful omega who refused to be mated. Gabriel’s not sure about the Winchester-Campbell approach to finding a mate for her son, he’s both shocked and impressed at the audacity of the undertaking. But one thing was for sure, his curiosity was getting the better of him and he wasn’t passing up this opportunity.
“Mr. Novak, our first date will be here on the porch, 6 p.m. I’m going to see if I can get the generator going for the fridge and stove.” Then he pulls away. Cas misses his heat immediately.
“Dean Winchester, you are an idiot.” She pokes her index into his shoulder. It hurts but he won’t turn to look at her. “Cas would stay if you asked him. So get out there and stop this before it’s too late.”
Getting ready for his date with Dean is more nerve wracking than he’d imagine. He feels silly for all the clothes currently strewn all over his room. In the end, he opts for slim-fitting dark jeans and his favourite blue cashmere sweater. He fusses with his hair, but quickly realizes it’s hopeless. Dishevelled it is. The doorbell rings, and Castiel realizes his palms are sweaty. He opens the door to find Dean looking gorgeous as ever, with no sign of his usual bravado.
“Which part? The part where you both had too much tequila and traded hand jobs? Or the part where you couldn’t get out of there fast enough and ghosted him?”
“Unlikely. You’d be on them already. Unless you’re planning to kiss Cas, you two always were tied at the hip. So what do you say, for old times sake?”
At the moment, he’s listening to a sales pitch worthy of a used car salesman. The alpha in front of him is named Crowley (no first name), he’s dressed in black and shades of contempt. He has chosen to stand. It still doesn’t hide the fact that he’s much shorter than Dean.
Dean nearly drops his beer. Cas and Dean have a shared a bed on a few occasions. Last time, Dean woke up rock hard, holding Cas tight. Dean is sure that Cas was awake, but neither one of them brought it up. This means it never happened. Right?
“So Mr. Incredible and Elastigirl broke up… well, maybe he is ready to face some long hard truths, pun intended.”
“Mom, that's just a fairy tale. My true mate will walk in the room and we’ll drop everything and want nothing else ever," Dean says mockingly.  “What if they turn out to be some traditionalist and I end up enslaved.”
And Castiel blushes a bit. “Well, my friend Meg tried to teach me the finer points of it, but I’m still new to pole dancing. I did put a bit of something together.” He says pointing to his outfit. “I’ve never had a lap dance, it’s a bit harder to visualize in terms of movement. But I watched a few youtube videos, some were a bit unsettling.”
“Let’s hope you remember this in the morning,” Dean pulls back the shower curtain and help Cas over the side of the tub into the shower. “I’ll be right here if you need me.”
“Ok, but I"m not watching the audition. Dean can do it.”  Watching his bosses’ cousin audition has to be the biggest career-limiting move ever and Dean wonders, not for the first time, what he did to have his life end up like this.
“Not sure. He broke up with Michael. But he said the furniture had to go. Something to do with ridding the world of teeny pieces of glitter,” Gabe says and adds. “Things haven’t been good since the break up.”
“Oh Cas…” Awed, Dean sheds one manly tear and reaches up to touch the top of the right wing. It flinches. Dean corrects himself, Cas flinches.
That earns Dean a deep chuckle and a peck to his forehead, then his nose, then finally his lips. Kisses go from friendly, to passionate as Dean licks along Cas’s bottom lip. Cas lets the kiss deepen for a moment before pulling away.
“I thought…” Cas vaguely recalls Dean’s earlier confession. “I can take care of that if you like,” Cas offers.
Even now, Cas feels that this is was a problem of his own making. Dean was his best friend, and he wasn’t sure how to get on with his life without him. Moving to Ottawa gave him a chance to see what his life was like without Dean. It was fine, good even, but Missouri is right, he misses Dean and without him, something is missing.
“You’ve had two fucking years, and you want more time! Time for what, Dean? You know, for months, I blamed myself for what happened. But I’ve come to realize that this is not entirely my fault. That night, yes. The ghosting, that was all you. I tried to apologize, tried to explain, you wouldn’t let me. So yeah, whatever Dean, by all means, when you’re ready. I thought I meant something to you, and for some stupid reason, I loved you. But apparently, I am no more to you than any other piece of ass you picked up in a bar.”
Dean sits in the chair Cas was in a moment ago. He watches marveling at how graceful and natural Cas looks just standing there staring at Dean. Castiel takes a deep breath and walks onto the stage seeming to gain confidence with every step. He spins around the pole with complete control, and then stops to lean against it. He shoots Dean a come hither stare while slowly undoing his tie, then throws it at Dean and unbuttons the first few buttons of his shirt to reveal firm a hint of firm pecs and what looks to be a tattoo.
Not great. But I want him around more. Don’t want to scare him away. But I keep pissing him off, he said he’s going to LA.
The Milton matriarch spent much of her time begrudging the fact that her two younger boys were refusing to mate each for their own reasons. If her alpha spouse had been more present, she’s sure they’ve have been arranged by now. But Chuck taken off on one of his research projects and wasn’t due back for six months. She’d let the boys know that upon the return of their father next month, they would both be married off unless they found suitable mates by then. What’s more she expected her sons to actually look.
“Pie has never really been my thing. But my cousin knows his pastry for sure. I’ll see you in a few days.”
Cas nods. Dean slides the condom onto Cas’s dick, covers it with lube.  Dean lines himself up and starts to lower himself onto Cas.
Dean leads Cas to the porch. Over the course of the day, Dean has installed fairy lights, and there is a small table set for two with the candles from last night.
“Hey gorgeous, you doing ok out here?” He looks in the back seat. Man, there is some serious room back there. Not sure if it's big enough for two men, but damn he’s itching to try. “Damn, I’m getting way ahead of myself here. One kiss and I’ve got a list of places we need to christen.”
“Hi Lisa, how are you?” Dean pulls her off him. She’s got a lot of nerve showing up here. Two years ago, she dumped his ass for some big-spending banker. Rumor has it she’s single again and hoping to get back with Dean. Not. Gonna. Happen.
He pauses. What to do, what to do. Going in means he doesn’t end up covered in his own urine. And he really really needs out of the car. He takes a deep breath, grabs his overnight bag and his laptop, dashes out of the car. Maybe it’s better to rip this band-aid off quickly.  Dean closes the door behind him and holds up his index finger in a just-a-moment gesture. Cas can’t help but overhear his end of the conversation with Sam.
In looking it over, Cas realizes that, after two years of communal living he has, in fact, purchased too much food.
“Yeah well, about that. I am not so good at taking the lead with you. Don’t suppose you’d consider a kiss before I head out into storm,” Dean looks down at his feet.
“Ok, ok….” He turns his attention to Lyra. “Lyra, honey, can I have the rocket back? It’s not for giraffe.”
Cas does. He’s thankful for the water hiding the tears that are suddenly falling. But Cas is sure Dean knows, he could always tell.
Victor has seen a lot of desperate alphas working this detail but Castiel is the first who really, really doesn’t want to be here.
“There you go, let it out.” Dean is rubbing his back and Cas has to admit that even if he’s not sure he’s real, it feels good. “What did he to you, Cas.”
“Now, that we’ve all had some time to calm ourselves.” Cas and Dean both start to say something, but Missouri holds up her hands.
“Hello, Dean,” Castiel says. “I have no intention of disrobing. My brother asked me to accompanying him, I hate to waste your time.”
“Sit,” she says sternly. “If, after lunch, you never want to speak to Dean again that’s fine. But you will have this meal together. And we are going to have an honest conversation.”
“Hmmmm… “ Dean climbs into the bed next, pressing his body against Cas’s. “I’m hoping for a few more days now. There’s this guy in my bed, and I’d feel like I have some nights to make up for before I free him.”
“Ok, this is a terrible idea. Five minutes though, not 10. But if it gets too weird I’m calling it off.”
He starts up his SUV. He drives down to the end of the dirt road. But the skies are quickly darkening and the wind has picked up again. Not the best time to be stuck in his car. The cabin is less than a mile away, he can dash back there if things get really bad. He needs a walk, time alone to think. He hears thunder rumbling in the distance.
Dean laughs and he pulls down his clothing the rest of the way and kicks them to the side. He looks up at Cas who is casually stroking himself while checking Dean out.
Cas made his way to the bathroom, it took a moment for the water to heat up. He was planning breakfast in the morning, lunch, their whole lives together in that time. But when he returned to the bedroom he found Dean fully dressed and making his way out the door.
He wants Cas, he’s in love with Cas. And yeah, the idea of Cas with all those other guys is making him a bit nuts. The clip is hot as hell, but what he wouldn’t give to be the only one who made Cas feel that way. But he can’t and he’s trying to make to do with that he knows he can have.
“I need to tell you a few things. I kind of keep chickening out. God, this was easier when I was rehearsing it in my head. I just want to explain about that night, about the last two years… about everything. One of the things they talk about in rehab is making amends to people you’ve hurt, but only if you doing so doesn’t hurt them more. I’d been clinging to the last bit, but Benny says it’s an excuse. So I dunno man, I hope this doesn’t make it worse. Things are plenty bad already.”
Dean leans in so Cas can see it. It’s barely there but, like that pimple on your nose, it seems massive to him. But then Cas puts his bowl down, scoots over and runs his thumb across it. God, Dean wants to reach over and kiss him, but he hasn’t earned that, he probably never will. Cas blushes and pulls away.
Dean is saved by Ash. Apparently Kevin has lost yet another round of a very complicated drinking game. Experience has taught most of the gang to avoid Ash’s contests at any cost. Kevin, one of Sam’s new friends, has clearly not been warned.
Ok. Song’s done. Dean’s making his way across the living room to Cas. Talk time. He’s running through all the things he should definitely not say when he feels when two arms wrap themselves around his waist.
“You two are gorgeous. But I need to say it. Dean, you hurt him again, I will find a very creative way to kill you.”
Castiel found the whole thing  barbaric and degrading to everyone involved. He has made it clear that he is not going to an audition for a mate, no matter how pretty.
“It’s the one thing in my life I’m sure about. The one thing that hasn't changed since we were kids.”
He’s about to reply before it sinks in. That’s Cas. The goddamned motherfucking angel of Jack. Dean sits up. Cas is leaning on the hood of the car, shirtless wearing a pair of low-rise jeans, wings out. As if it’s the most normal thing in the world. For the first time since he landed here, Dean smiles. Really smiles.
Ramzey starts a poll: “What Cas should wear on his date”. The options are nothing and nothing. It’s a tie, Balt adds the “a smile” option.
He turns on the radio. “Carry On…”  He loves this song. It’s a lie though, there is no peace. Still he wonders about the mechanics of this place. How does it work?  Could he drive to Hawaii? Are there walls he’ll suddenly find himself bumping up against? Can he just create things as he wants them? What about the souls, can he just call anyone up?
“You’re not hurt?” Cas says in disbelief, afraid to move, afraid of the other shoe dropping. Dean looks at him in confusion but slowly Cas sees the pieces falling into place.
Therapy has helped in many ways. Mostly in pointing out that not everything his dad said was right or reasonable. Telling this story again Dean does feel particularly worthy.
“Dean, you probably want to get that away from her. I am sure her parents will not approve of her playing with it.”
As one of Cerulean’s best dancers, they make a pretty penny from Dean, and he from them. They have asked Dean if he can spot potential in any of the dancers in exchange for a night off and a a full day’s pay. It had seemed like a good trade off at the time, but now he’s got a headache and
Why does letting Cas go have to hurt so much? Dean showers and switches into the PJ bottoms Ben got him for Christmas last year. Ben, now there is someone else who deserves the sun, the moon and the stars. Dean hopes Lisa does right by him. He promised the little guy he’d check in from time to time. Maybe they can go bowling or something when Dean goes home. Right. He needs to find a new place to live.
“Awww,” Gabe coos. “Look at these two love birds. Shame their won’t be gorgeous children to come from this union.”
Dean smell changes slightly, as slight panics seeps in, no no no. He knows it’s bad even he can smell it. Cas reaches out and grabs Dean’s hand reassuringly before continuing.
“But they did. And I still don’t understand how we got here.” Cas grabs one of the loose cloves from the counter, smashes it with the side of the knife blade. “You were my best friend. I told you everything. I stood up for you, fought for you when John was being an ass. And I haven’t gotten so much as a word from you in two years. Two years, Dean. And you want me to just say, ‘no problem, I forgive you’ and move on.”
It occurs to Cas that it’s odd that Sam didn’t know Dean was here. Keeping things from Bobby wasn’t new -- both boys half convinced that one big shock would cause his sudden demise.
Cas lets the words wash over him, it’s definitely not like it was. Never would be, if Cas has anything to do with it.
“I want many things, all them involve us, lube and condoms,” Dean says bluntly. “Or we could go the show and I’ll make sure to get us kicked out of the venue. Your call really.”
As they close the space between them, Cas gently wraps a hand around Dean’s neck, rubbing his thumb along the stubble on his cheek. Dean leans in, he’s usually the one initiating things, and it’s so nice to just let it happen. Then Cas’s lips are on his. It’s gentle, tender even. Dean tries to deepen the kiss, but Cas pulls away.
Balt found a four-bedroom house near campus they agreed it was perfect but two more roommates would help them both financially. That’s when Ramzey and Carter entered the picture — two exceptionally hot LA boys who’d also chosen Ottawa for school. Four hot gay men, no commitments to speak, it evolved in what Gabe liked to call a little gay hipster sex commune.
Dean laughs. “Not the first time I’ve heard that.” Cas makes to grab for the wall. Cas isn’t sure what that means unless there was a world ending apocalypse during his last nap.
Dean’s found his confidence, he walks over to Cas. Motions for him to open up the wing again. He runs his hand from Cas’s shoulder blade to the extended tip. Then he cards his fingers down the wing.
Dean licks the vein under Cas’s dick before teasing the tip with his tongue, then sucks the tip. Cas reaches around Dean to hold himself up on the counter.
He considers turning around and finding a motel for the night but the nearest one is a 30-minutes drive on a good day and he really needs to use the washroom.
“There are worse things than being alone at midnight, Lisa,” Dean says. “Besides, who says I don’t have anyone lined up?”
Jo hands him the bottle and the mike. Guess this is happening now. A chant of “Dean! Dean! Dean!” Rises from the crowd. It would be a rock star moment except that he’s in his own living room and he’s not sure where all these people came from. Small was the MO for this year. Forty people in his living room is not small.
Dean hates himself, almost as much as he hates that Cas died thinking his love was unrequited. Dean realizes he’s crying. He lets the tears fall, maybe this is the toll on the road to this happiness.
Benny keeps saying that Dean needs to tell Cas how he feels, but after what happened Dean just can’t see the point. No, Cas should find some nice professor — not too good looking, but kind, who can take care of him the way he deserves. Dean can see them sitting in their living room now, surrounded by books, finishing the New York Times Sunday Crossword before heading off to the farmer’s market. Dean, well, he’d be the man that was Cas’s best friend from school. They’d see each from time to time, get-togethers or when Cas dropped off the car to get fixed. Dean would wipe the grease off his hands, Cas would avoid touching him in his nice suit. They’d take a few moments to catch-up, Cas’s job, Sam’s kids, life at the shop. They’ll end with a promise to get together for dinner, but that wouldn’t happen either. Dean would go home at the end of the day, order a pizza and go to sleep alone, sad and pathetic. Just like he feels.
“I want you cover you in this and lick it off,” Dean says, and Cas has sudden rush of blood to his dick.
It’s only then that He notices the hail stones. He paces back and forth, Cas has got to be fine. Cas wouldn’t try to cross the creek on his car. God, what if he’s drowning. Dean runs his hands through his hair, and tries to find his phone to call Jody.
And the only sound is scraping of cutlery against plates. After what seems like hours, Missouri clears her throat.
,” Dean thinks. His button fly is at eye level. Cas looks up to Dean eyes while biting his lower lip, Dean waits until Cas's eyes track down once more. Dean slowly slowly sways as he undoes one small button of his fly at a time.
Cas cannot believe Dean just wants to forget their history, wants to play ‘everything is fine’. As if they can wipe the slate clean and Cas could pretend he hadn’t been in love with Dean since high school. And all the hours upon hours he’d spent with Dean, baring his soul telling him everything except maybe how he felt. It’s not that easy. He grabs the head of garlic and slams it against the counter so hard that Dean jumps.
“Whao! Slow down there slugger. I had to carry you back here a few hours ago. You sure can handle being upright for that long?”
Gabriel shoots his vodka, and pours himself and Dean another round. It’s top shelf. Dean does not refuse, he’s off tomorrow.
What Dean wants and what is good for the both of them are two different things. He’s decided he can’t have Cas and that’s the end of that.
Dean hates that it’s going to come down to some sort of lovesick puppy dog confession, when he doesn’t have a snowball’s chance of things going his way.
“I have no interest in going if that’s what she has in mind. I”ll stop by and say hello at some point.”
He’s not sure why but he follows Sam as his brother loads his lifeless body into the trunk of the Impala. Sam hasn’t stopped crying but they are different tears this time. There is no rage, just acceptance. No cosmic plan to re-arrange. That’s today though, Dean hopes Sam doesn’t try to find some weird mojo to bring him back.
Where are you, man? I need you. I have to tell you things. You don’t need to stick around but at least let me set this right.”
“You ok?” Cas asks nuzzling down Dean’s neck to his chest.  He licks the nipple right under the protection tattoo.
Ottawa was ok, he knew people who loved the place, he liked it well enough but it never really felt like home. It was certainly much more big city than anywhere he’d ever lived. For the first time, he discovered the joy of anonymity. Finally in a place where he wasn’t Gabriel’s serious cousin, and Dean’s sullen best friend. He had to stand on his own and found that he quite liked it. In the end, going away was a good idea, coming back though, he is still not sure about that.
“I’ll assign Charlie in the room, and Victor outside for protection. You’ll never be alone with them.” Charlie and Victor were both mated alphas, they worked for the family business, Winchester Security and were both good friends of Dean’s.
“Guys, for fuck sake. Dean wants Cas. Cas wants Dean. Get on with things. The room is spinning, just shut up and leave already before I barf. ” Kevin momentarily regaining consciousness. “Turn out the light on the way out. Happy 2019.”
The next morning Cas tried calling Dean. But nothing. Over the next few days, he kept trying. He talked to Sam and to Charlie, he knows they tried too. But Dean did not reply. And Cas, heartbroken and guilty, just gave up.
“You know what? 't figures,” Cas laughs to no one in particular. “I dump my cheatin’ boyfriend and my dumb brain dream up my gorgeous straight best friend taking care of me while I barf... “
Cas growls, Dean thinks he looks like a puppy that has just discovered his bark. It’s the cutest thing. He kisses his nose.
Dean has no clue who Mika and Bob are, they might be great and devout or whatever,  but Cas blessing random children cannot be good. Dean GPSes Cas’s location,  grabs his flannel shirt and his shoes and runs outside. He groans as he darts up the stairs and out the bunker doors. “Note to self, get more angel mojo next time.”
Dean nuzzles at Cas’s neck, nibbling on collarbone, loving the way Cas ruts up against him. He kisses down to his nipple, licking, sucking. Evey moan and gasp reminds him of all the time he’s wasted. This could have been his all along. He sucks a bruise onto Cas’s collarbone. He really should have asked first. He pauses a moment, when strong hands pulls him back up.
“Well, I see things are going well.” Missouri is back. “Now, I know you have a show to get to but I wouldn’t worry too much, they’ll be back next year. You’ll be back here too. Won’t all be smooth sailing, but you love each other something fierce.”
Lyra is now starting to fuss so Cas picks her up. He doesn’t mind children, but the pre-verbal stage does make him nervous. Still, she seems to like him.
“I don’t fully control them. They’re often wrapped protectively around you. I don’t usually fight it. We could research a way for you to always see them.” Silence falls again, Dean smiles and nestles in closer to Cas.
“You’re asking for rodents if you do it like that.” Dean knows it’s lame and he’s not sure if it's actually true.
Cas pales as he takes in the scene. Dean is ok, he’s ok. Cas takes a deep breath. Dean’s more than ok, he’s holding a child. Fear gives way to relief it ebbs towards anger.
“I brought you a present,” Gabe sing-songs. Really, Gabe’s only mission in life is to irritate Cas -- the only thing worse than Gabe’s impromptu visits are his ridiculous presents. It’s probably some sort of teeny glittery dildo that glows in the dark. Cas doesn’t reply, he just has another drink.
“This  vessel is as much mine as my other form now. This is not some meat suit. My other form, it’s overwhelming. I much prefer this one.”
Sam flat-out refused to speak to Dean until he got clean. Bobby went back to working in the garage full time. Promised Dean he had a job once he got out but ONLY if he sobered up. And yet, Dean couldn’t completely stop drinking. For the first time in his life, Dean felt completely and totally alone. And, wow, it was scary and it sucked. Really the only person he wanted to talk to was Cas. But Cas was fucking some gorgeous men up in another country because of him. And how do you call up your former best friend and say “
“Cassie, this is just a bit of fun. Come along, I booked us the last two spots of the day. I’ll even take you to Benny’s for that gumbo you love so much.”
Dean makes his first mistake by looking directly at in Cas’s eyes. Damn, guy is intense. Beautiful. Strong. And those lips, Dean really wants to kiss him but this is work, just work. Hot, sexy work, that he’s allowed to enjoy. It’s a perk of the job, right? Like that time Jake Bass came in and gave him a blow job after his shift. Cas is much better looking than Jake, and he wonders what those lips would look like around his cock.
Cas always marvels at how much easier it is to lie via text. They exchange a few more pleasantries before signing off. He’s missed Sam. If he’s honest, he’s missed Dean too, but there are too many other emotions tied to it as well, it’s a volatile mix and not one he’s sure he can control — seems tonight will be a test of that.
“Shhh… patience is a virtue. I am going to go back to my room, get out my lube, work off this situation myself. Give you a chance to decide what you want.”
“I take it that’s a yes. Guilty pleasures…” Dean tries to suppress a moan while swatting Cas’s hand away. “I should take you back to my place, put on some Taylor Swift.”
But if he can’t have it all, Dean still wants to be best friends who live together, and own a house. Ernie and Bert made it work— except, now that he’s dwelling on it, maybe those muppets were kind of gay.
Bobby says Jack and Cas rebuilt this place. No more walls, no more being stuck in memories. Just good times with people you love, people you were meant to be with forever. But there is no Cas. He’s not sure what to make of that.
“Small details that can be fixed. You could join my clan, I’ll take care of your family make it worth their while… you just have to give me a few pups. You’ll live in luxury like you’ve never imagined. Deal of the century, squirrel, this is your big chance. Don’t waste it.”
“I’ll make you a deal,” Dean whispers into Cas’s ear. “If you remember any of this once you sober up and you still really want me, we can talk about it.“
Actually, they’ve spoken more in the last few days than they’ve spoken in the last 12 months but Cas doesn’t need to know that.
“Moving for you, dancing like this. All I can think about is falling to my knees and sucking you off…”
“I don’t want to talk about it.” Dean’s not in the mood. He’s jonesing for drink, watching Cas leave is making him restless. Normally, he loves having Charlie around, but right now, she’s saying all the things he’s been trying to avoid.
“Nah, Lisa and I fizzled out a while ago. I proposed because it seemed the thing to do.” Dean shrugs. “Long story. But I’ve been through worse.”
“I don’t usually whisper sweet nothings, but …” Dean whispers into Cas’s ear.  “We’re breaking a few rules here because it’s your first time. I want it to be …” he eases Cas’s knees closed, to lower himself down to onto Cas’s lap. “... special.” He grinds, Cas gasps.
Dean is wearing faded sleep pants. Looks like they might have polar bears on them --— they do great things to his ass. Cas blames his sleep brain for staring but, of course, Dean turns around catches him staring, smiles and cocks an eyebrow. Awesome. So much for the pretense of not being attracted to him.
“My favourite poison now. I was just firing up Unforgiven, an old Eastwood flick. There’s room on the couch.”
The ordeal takes a lot of energy, and his body and mind seem to be disconnected. The navy bath mat looks like an inviting glitter-free place to nap. He slides off the toilet with a thud and lays his head on the cool floor tiles. He’s only out for a minute when he hears Dean come rushing in.
“They are soft, almost like they aren’t there at all. Incredible.” He leans over and kisses Cas on the lips.
Cas knows that’s not true, not really. He’d hoped to keep those kinds of recriminations to himself, keep the anger to a minimum. Certainly wasn’t planning on throwing up all these pent-up feelings and giving Dean the satisfaction of knowing he’d hurt him, but now the words seem to hang between them. He almost wishes he could take them back. Almost. He steels himself for the barrage of harsh defensive words that he is sure are coming is way. But they don’t come. Instead, when he looks up at Dean, he sees a man hurting, small and curled in on himself, looking down at the counter.
The more he thinks about all this, the angrier he gets with himself. Then he starts struggling with a part of the trunk. He needs an extra set of hands to help. What’s worse, he’s felt a few drops of rain falling on his face.
“There is room for all sorts of people in my life.”  Cas looks down at his hands and takes a sip of his beer. “Does this bother you? I can switch to something else.”
Cas tilts his head, not understanding. “This is not fine.” He reaches for Dean’s chin and stares directly into his eyes. “Not fine at all. Why you insist on punishing yourself like this, I will never understand.” Cas turns suddenly when he hears a cat scream.  “Muriel, really! You’ll scare the little ones, as a nearly adult, most excellent cat,  you should know better.”
They are led to a quiet candlelit corner booth. The host hands them their menus and they snuggle in close enough that their legs are touching. The pretence of friends out for dinner has been mostly dropped.
“Is there any way for me to see your wings?” Dean hesitates, he’s afraid of the answer. “Or your true form.”
“I’m not what you need and you can do so much better. But maybe you could give me a chance. Can we go on a date, take it slow, get to know each other again, please?”
It’s open auditions for new dancers at Cerulean, and it’s not exactly going as well as the owners, Gabriel and Balthazar, had planned. Well, Dean supposes, it’s going as well as could be expected when you run the only pansexual strip club in Lawrence, Kansas. It’s a college town, Dean assumed they were going to for the hot grad student demographic, but apparently, it’s just the embodiment of every other stereotype in the American midwest: people who work to hard for way too little looking for a little excitement.
He’s tired and all he really wants is to get off the road, but by his math he’s at least 30 minutes out.
Holding hands, they make their way to the bedroom. Dean finds two pairs of sleep pants and hands one to Cas. Dean gets in first, Cas follows laying his head on Dean’s chest.
Getting out his tablet, he searches for bachelor and one bedroom apartments. Maybe he needs a two bedroom if the little guy is going to visit. Prices near the garage aren’t too bad, and if it’s walking distance he won’t need to pay for parking. A notification pops up:
Dean rises, running his hand along Cas’s chest, to stand once more. He looks down to Cas’s lap then looks up and winks.
“Well Jack, I know things haven’t always been great between us. I’m sorry. I thought things ended ok. I have questions, man. Why does everyone get their happily ever after but me? What the fuck man. I don’t get it. Am I so broken, so vile, that I don’t I get a slice of heaven.”
“Do you think Kevin will be ok?” Cas places a glass of water and a bottle of Advil on the nightstand, and strategically places an empty metal trash can by the bed.
“Well, let’s see smokin’ hot best friend vs. the cheating ex. Tough call or whatever the opposite of that is.”
“We all have a good reason to do it, Cas,” Dean says gently. He’s forgotten what the rest of the name is. “But getting naked for strangers isn’t for everyone. I just want to make sure you understand what you’re getting into.”
Dead silence filled only by the sounds of rain hitting the roof and the wipers’ swooosh-thump. By unspoken rule, they never speak his name, kind of like a lesser Voldemort. Cas tries not to let the mere sound of his name get to him. But Dean’s absence from his life is a chasm he hasn’t managed to fill, no matter what he tries to tell himself.
“So Deano, mon frere, inquiring minds want to know, which hottie are you going to be kissing at midnight?” Gabe, one of Cas’s cousins, always right to the point with a question Dean doesn’t want to answer.
Making sure to lock eyes with Dean, he slowly undoes the last few buttons of his shirt. Castiel turns and reaches up the pole. Pulling himself up off the ground, he slowly, oh-so slowly, spins around the pole, his shirt opens revealing some sort of quote on his ribs. Dean wishes he were within touching distance. Dean had been expecting a sheltered little rich boy, not hot tattooed dancer boy.  Cas raises his legs up to his hands until he’s upside down. Somehow, fluidly, a moment later, Cas has one foot on the floor, the other wrapped around the pole and he leans back and removes his shirt and throws it. And Dean is transfixed.
Cas runs the tips of the wing along Dean’s face. Dean realizes he’s crying. It’s going to be ok. It’s finally going to be ok.
“Wait, let me.” Dean reaches down. Three strokes and Cas comes too. Cas hands Dean a tissue to clean up.
“‘S not a big deal. Just itty bitty little bits of shiny sparkly stuff.  You shouldn’ a come, I’m fine.” Cas downs the pills and some water but he’s not sure it’s going to stay down.
“Your smell is distracting. It’s like sandalwood, rosewater and leather. I… apologize. If I could have a moment.”
“Hey, I’m ok. I’m sorry.” He grabs Cas’s chin and gently kisses him lips. “I’m so sorry, Cas. Lyra’s mom had an emergency, something about a dumpster fire. And my toddler skills are rusty. Lyra here seems to be getting the better of me.”
Cas walks into the cabin, it smells like chili and cornbread. He shakes some of the water off him before hanging his gear on the pegs by the door. He checks his phone to find there are texts from Sam and Balt, he replies to them both filling them in on the current situation. He hears Dean before he sees him mindlessly strumming an acoustic guitar on the back porch. The tune sounds familiar but he can’t quite place it.
He’s tentative, it’s barely a touch at all. Cas moves the wing towards him but Dean quickly pulls his hand away. Cas looks down and  folds it up.
“Whoa, lady. This is our first date. Might want to wait on the 2.5 kids and the white picket fence. Have they cancelled the show?” Dean asks.
“Castiel, am I saying that right? I have one very important question. Do you promise to keep your pants on?”
He quietly curses the powers that be and his father for abandoning them. Curses himself for giving into Dean’s request for mint chocolate chip ice cream and tater tots. He was trying to decide between regular and extra crunchy when he heard the prayer again. Less powerful this time.
Ram, have you seen you? That’s not likely to happen any time soon. But guys, Facetime, it’s almost like being there...
Dean feels a hundred times lighter now that he’s spoken to Cas and the date settled and well, the kiss. But he’s got to deal with stuff around the cabin. The wind has picked up again. And the rain is coming down in sheets. Dean is surprised the power hasn’t gone off before now.
Looking back now he goes over all his terrible choices, they don’t seem to bother him the way they used to. He supposes that’s good, but the Cas-sized hole in heart though doesn’t seem to be getting any smaller.
“Dean,” is all Cas could pant out as Cas reached down and peeled Dean out of his henley. They stared at each other for a moment, before Cas grabbed Dean by the belt and pulled him into another searing kiss. Dean moaned and pressed his leg between Cas’s thighs. His knees got a bit weak when he realized he could feel Dean’s erection pressing up against his own
Christmas is a busy time in record store world and Friday is no exception. Somehow Dean and Cas end up behind the cash, even though it’s usually Kevin’s spot. It’s mindless work. Regulars know to ask them for help anyway and the Christmas crowd usually go to the front desk first. Cas is sure he imagines that Dean’s hand lingers over his own when they pack purchases, just like the many times he feels Dean apologize as he rubs up behind him as he helps a customer. The space behind the counter is small, right? All this is bound to happen.
Yet, two minutes later Missouri returns with two IPAs and basket of garlic bread.  “Your order will be up shortly.”
Another long pause, they both seem at a loss for words. One of the things Cas loved about Dean was their ability to just sit and say nothing. But this, this is uncomfortable and ill-fitting. Cas wonders once again if it wouldn’t be better if he just left.
Cas is supposed to laugh, but instead he just looks at Dean. Dean had forgotten exactly how disarming Cas’s looks could be. He bites his lower lip. Worries and waits.
“To what do I owe this … pleasure?” Whatever it is, Cas is sure it’s going to be terrible and probably designed to make him look awkward and nerdy. He finds Dean staring at him again. Dean smiles. It reaches his eyes. Cas pretends that his knees don’t go weak. The blush is harder to hide. He wonders what would happen if he were to kiss Dean, right there.
. It wasn’t high art, but it emphasized his physique and his assets. Come to think of it, he’s not sure he even touched the pole. Zar got appropriately distracted during the lap dance, and offered him a job on the spot. His dancing had improved considerably since then.
He puts her on ignore, not taking his eyes off Cas and Sam. Good lord, he misses Cas, has missed him every single moment since he stormed out. But he needs to let Cas go. Cas gets to have good things, better places, better people — better than him anyway. He thought it would be easier than this though, especially since Cas keeps looking down the street in his direction. Part of Dean wants to leap out and hug Cas, hold him tight, one last time. He pushes that down deep, he’s good at that.
Dean pretends to think about it. Then leans in close and whispers into Cas’s ear. “Roll onto your front. I want to look at you, touch you.” Cas does not say no.
The bridge re-opened yesterday, it’s a makeshift thing until the repairs can be completed. But that’ll start next week. It has come to pass that since Lisa kicked him out, Dean’s between apartments. Things are good, but Cas isn’t sure he’s ready for Dean to move in with him yet. He’s planning on staying at the cottage until he can find a place. (Or until one of them concedes that they hate sleeping alone and two places is too much. But for now they are being cautious.)
“I thought you might want help drying off,” Cas says. Dean swears Cas’s voice is an octave lower than it was the last time they spoke. His voice has always done things to Dean. But standing there, in the candlelight, Dean’s mouth goes dry. He swallows hard.
Cas is at a loss for words. Of all the possible outcomes, this sort of confession was the last thing he expected.
He walks over to the pole in the middle of the stage. Swirling around it, flirty. He stops, shows off his ass in these jeans. He looks good, and he knows it.
“Yes, Dean. I was wondering that myself,” Cas is standing in his space again and Dean is feeling naked under his glare. He blushes and forgets how to speak English.
Rather than take the bait, Dean leaves the kitchen and goes back to his room. Cas finishes putting the chili together and leaves it to simmer. He grabs his rain gear and makes his way towards the water hoping the walk outside will clear his head. The cabin is clearly too small for both of them, if there wasn’t so much crap in his car, he’d sleep there.
“Off,” Dean growled as he removed his hands and got to work on the top buttons of Cas’s shirt. Cas got impatient and pulled the offending shirt off over his head.
Cas is trying to process this but he’s suddenly throwing up again. Dean, solid and warm against Cas, flushes the toilet, gives him a warm washcloth for his face and offers him water. Cas shakes his head no.
Cas doesn’t say anything he just nods. Dean gently moves all the kittens, stands up and walks behind Cas. Even with Cas kneeling in front of him the wings are taller than he is. Some of the feathers seem out of place, like they need to be combed, replaced. The bottom layer is in tatters.  “Cas, this damage, it’s from helping us?”
“Glad the booze has worn off…” Dean says as he continues an infuriatingly slow path towards Cas’s now very hard dick.
“That can be arranged." Cas dips in for another kiss and giving one last hard thrust into Dean before getting off him. Cas picks up Dean's shirt and throws it at him. "Come on then." Cas starts putting on his pants. Dean crowds him from behind, kissing the back of his neck.
“Don’t you two look cozy,” Dean whispers. “I just got a text from her mom. They’ll be here soon. I’ve tidied and packed up her things.”
“Cas, you can’t stack the logs like that.” Dean is standing over the pile Cas just placed beside the house.
“Fuck off, Mr. Probably Real.” Cas seems to have recovered his full snark and Dean gives a chuckle. If Cas were sober, it would cause a flash of arousal, but, with this much booze on board, not so much.
The banter continues and Cas ends up missing his friends more and convinced that KU was the wrong decision.
“Anyway, long story short. I had to give JD up for lent.” Dean shrugs as if that’s enough of an explanation.
Once upon a time there was a beautiful omega named Dean Winchester. He was tall for an omega, strong too, with golden brown hair and  skin was covered with freckles. Alphas from all around the land would come to ask his alpha mother, Mary,  to arrange for mating. But she’d been widowed at a young age and, after the  arranged marriage with her omega-husband John ended violently, she swore that no pup of hers would ever be forced into a mateship with someone they didn’t love. Not that didn’t stop them from trying to talk her into it. And as rumours of the gorgeous, strong, freckled omega spread, Mary was spending more and more of her time sending suitors away.
Dean pulls a condom from the box on the nightstand, and the lube. Then Dean looks down a bit embarrassed.
True to his word, Dean has placed the briefcase with his laptop on the desk by the window and his overnight bag at the foot of the bed. He picks it up and opens it, looks over his options for dry clothing: jeans, henleys, sweaters, t-shirt, sleep pants. But he’s not sure what the dress code is for confronting the past. He settles on sleep pants and his favourite University of St. Paul hoodie. If this is going to be terrible, he may as well be comfortable.
Cas looks down at his feet and the top of his ears turn the most adorable shade of pink. “I’d like that.”
Soon might come more quickly than Balt thinks. Or not. Maybe Cas will die in this car. There was talk of a possible contract with UCLA. Maybe he’ll call them in the morning. Fuck Kansas. Fuck the weather. Fuck Dean Winchester. A voice in the back of his head reminds him that nearly fucking Dean was what got him in all this trouble in the first place.
Looking at Dean, Cas is pretty sure he’s sober. But Dean always could hold his liquor and the evening is still young.
“Dean?” He must be hallucinating. Dean is half-way across the country with Sam. Said he was leaving Lawrence for good and in so doing also leaving Cas behind. Not that Cas ever worked up the nerve to give Dean a reason to stay.
“Looking at you right now, I’m wondering the same thing,” Castiel says seriously. Dean blushes a bit ashamed of himself for making the next offer.
Dean, between Cas’s legs, drapes himself over him. And their lips meet, morning breath forgotten, gentle languid kisses become more urgent.
“Ewww, can I be spared the incest?” Dean shudders. “Guy is a real dancer, why not let him try out and see? Not like you didn't start off there...”
“The powers back. So I sure did. Then you looked cute when I tried to sneak out. You were still asleep but  frowning after I left. So I thought I’d come back.”
“So you don’t have a comeback,” Cas says as he scoffs. Winchester is infuriating. Hot, sexy, and does things to a pair of jeans that should be illegal, but he is also completely and totally the most unattainable infuriating man on the planet. And Cas is sure Deans been put on earth just to spite him.
“Miles Davis. Good choice. Zeppelin III?” Cas offers. He does know is Zeppelin, might have had some impure thoughts about Robert Plant and those very low-rise jeans.
Dean isn’t sure why he keeps fucking things up with Cas. Donna says he needs to “use his words and express his needs.”  He needs Cas in his life, he’s the yin to his yang. He’s also in love with Cas, but that’s not a need. So what do you do when what can get what you need? They haven’t talked about that. Dean’s just going to crawl into Donna’s office when all this over, curl into a ball and stay that way.
“Only lovely blue-eyed boy I know.” Dean says with his most charming smile. Cas scowls, it feels like Dean’s flirting.
He turns his back to Dean, and finds his way to the porch, the screens have been replaced by windows. In the daylight, Cas can see that the water level of the lake is much higher than it should be. The ominous grey sky seems to go on forever, blending into the pebbled surface of the water as rain fall into it. Even weighed down by all that hasn’t been said between Cas and Dean, the place is still really, really beautiful.
Dean looks right at Cas, tracking between his eyes and his lips. Cas gently touches Dean’s cheek. Dean leans into it. Turning his head to gently kiss Cas’s palm. That’s all it takes, and Cas finally closes the distance. It’s a gentle unhurried touch of lips, and Cas feels it into his toes. It’s only then he realizes that they are both shirtless. He takes a step closer and feels Dean’s chest against his own. He lets go of Dean’s hand to pull Dean closer. Dean sighs, Cas nips and teases Dean’s lips. He feels Dean smile before letting Cas gently lick into his mouth. It’s everything their first kiss wasn’t. Tender, slow, with a promise of so much more.
“Don’t about needing an ark, but you can’t be too careful. They say there might be some flooding. Specially out near the cabin.”
Zar tops up everyone’s vodka as a stagehand sweeps the stray feathers off the floor. Dean wonders if somehow he’s gone from the lead dancer in a strip club to the punch line in some sort of third-rate sitcom.
Cas leans forward, Dean does too and their noses bump. Guess, he’s not the only one feeling awkward and uncoordinated. They both laugh, and  try again. It’s been moments since their last kiss but it feels like forever. They move closer. Then Cas’s lips soft and glorious are on Dean. This time the kiss deepens. Cas nibbles and Dean’s lower lip, tongues tease and explore. It’s Everything he hoped it would be. The stubble, the strong nimble hands pulling him closer.
They settle on Captain Marvel followed by The Black Panther. If they end up sitting close enough on the couch that their knees touch, Dean will count it as a win.
“Yes! I’d hoped to be there by now, but traffic is slow. Weather keeps getting worse. Are we sure this isn't some biblical prophecy that has been overlooked? Perhaps I should make building an ark one of my first priorities.”
Cas levels Dean with a glare. A truce is one thing, but friendship, after all this. Not yet, maybe not ever, especially since exactly nothing has been said and there is still so much he doesn't understand. He wants to yell and scream, instead he reaches deep within and gathers all the calm he can muster.
Dean was pretty embarrassed about the whole thing. Really his story to tell. No one was badly hurt, Dean bumped his head. Lots of damage to the car, the tree survived.
“Cas,” he says to no one at all. “There were a lot of things I wished I’d done differently. Dunno, we talk about the empty and regrets and well… for the most part, we did the best we could with the options given to us at the time. You know, before we realized that everything was pre-written. I hope you’re happy, and maybe I don’t get this, but I need to square some things with you. Closure.”
“It’s what it always should have been. Everyone happy, everyone together,” Bobby explains. His parents live down the way, Rufus  too.
Sometimes Dean underestimates Cas. He forgets that he is thousands of years old, that he’s seen creation and that less than a decade ago, Cas got along just fine without the Winchesters looking over his shoulder. He also forgets, that Cas’s angel powers are a lot more than the most amazing sex toy ever created. But sometimes in spite of it all, that  bad ass motherfucker is a bit too trusting, and places his faith in the wrong people.
Dean feels Cas stiffen. Oh god, what if it’s just for tonight? This might kill Dean. A week passes in the moment it takes Cas to speak.
Cas loves that story. He read his poem and they’d given him a scholarship for college. And Dean hooted and hollered like he’d scored the winning touchdown. Afterwards, Dean hugged him hard. The group assumed they were a couple. Dean didn’t correct them. It gay boy gets on up on the popular girl in school, and for a moment, he even had the boy.
Dean showed up with a dozen doughnuts and coffee. He went to his first AA meeting later that week. He never did call Cas.
On cue, Zeppelin’s Kashmir comes on the radio. He’s always loved the way the tension builds throughout this song. He realizes that the sound system on Baby has gotten an upgrade. It sounds far better than it ever has. He wonders if he’s really hearing the song or if it’s that he’s remembering the feeling of it. What Plant’s moans have always done for him should have been his first clue that straight wasn’t exactly his thing. (And damn, the sight of the singer in those super low rise jeans from those videos of back in the day. Whoa.)
“Because you love him.” Missouri says out of nowhere. “You know him, Castiel. That boy will talk to you, but you’re going to have to start the conversation. Eat together, I find that boy always does better when he’s had a decent meal.”
The first time Cas kissed him. He was recovering in a hospital bed after Alastair got his last digs in. Cas unable to heal him. The nurses had just come by to top off his pain meds, Cas watching over him. As he drifted off, barely hanging onto consciousness, Cas kissed his forehead then was gone. At the time, he thought it was peace and serenity, but maybe it was love.
“Mmmmmm,” licking the last bit of dessert off Dean’s index, he releases it with a swirl of the tongue and a pop. Dean was looking a bit distracted. “That was amazing. Did you want to go to the show?”
Dean pauses, closes his eyes, takes a deep breath and tries not to picture it. School must have changed a lot since he dropped out. “You what now?”
He takes a deep breath and opens the door, here goes nothing. Walking into the living room, he sees Dean wearing a pair of light-wash jeans and a navy blue shirt over a plain white t-shirt. He smiles when Cas walks in the room, almost as if he’s nervous too. Cas walks up to him kisses him on the lips.
“I’m not sure which photos he showed you. I decided to try and reinvent myself in Ottawa. Open myself up, play the field. Except I never really enjoyed one night stands like you did, but I didn’t want anything serious. Polyamory worked Zar, Ram and Carter.”
“Oh, we are at the ‘I hate you so much’ part of this little pas-à-deux. Oh Cassie, darling, unresolved sexual tension is such a bitch.”
“Cas,” Dean finds himself moaning as their eyes lock after the song is over. Cas leans down and kisses him tenderly. Dean pulls away, suddenly remembering why he’s there. “Cas I want you, I really do, but we can’t, not here.”
Not really his fault that his best friend and housemate is the hottest thing since Han Solo boarded the Millennium Falcon. Usually Dean can keep it check. No drooling. Ogling kept at a minimum. At least that’s what he tells himself. Dean has it under control. But a few seconds ago Dean completely lost his fucking mind, he just grabbed Cas’s shirt, and kissed him. On the lips. Rough. Hard. And now Dean is, for lack of a better word, freaking out.
“Yeah, he’s hot. But not him, the other guy… you. There’s that tattoo on your ribs. There’s the scar on your hand,” Dean points to Cas’s hand holding Ramzey’s head. Then points to Cas’s hand. “From that time we went fishing. And yeah, I’d know those hands anywhere.” Cas doesn’t miss the way Dean squirms in his jeans.
Baltazar came into his life while he was surfing for a place to rent. Originally from Paris, the art history major had been living in New York City when a two-year teaching contract in Ottawa came up. He was tired of the Big Apple and decided well, Ottawa was kind of the mandarine he needed.  Cas loved how his friend was wild, carefree, and was more than happy to drag him all on his adventures. But more than that, Balt made Cas feel beautiful, sexy and wanted, something he desperately needed after Dean’s rejection.
“You’re going to have to stand to get your pants off. Up you go.” Dean says as he kneels in front of Cas. “Hold onto to my shoulders for balance. Lift your foot.”
He hears the sounds of dishes from the kitchen. Dean’s still here, fucker said he’d be gone by now. Cas ponders lounging around in his room until Dean leaves. He stretches, still stiff from last night’s drive. Yeah, nature is calling and coffee is going to be a requirement. Mornings aren’t his favourite time of day, this one is looking to be harsher than most. He rips the blankets off himself, and after a bathroom break, pads into the common area.
“I’ve been known to indulge in Kind of Blue,” Dean offers. It seems a ceasefire has been reached. Dean smiles.
“I’m not sure, American cat language is not quite as expressive as English. But as a rule animals don’t combust or go blind when they see my true form.”
Cas puts down his book. There is no way he is getting blamed for what happened to Dean. It could have been fine had Dean just agreed to have a conversation. They could be celebrating his return as friends, maybe as lovers, instead it’s tense and difficult. Now, who the hell knows what the fuck they are. Cas feels his own anger bubbling under the surface.
Cas just nods, he wants to yell and scream but also wants to pull Dean into his arms and never let go. Dean makes the decision for him, he puts Lyra down on the floor and takes a step closer to him.
Cas returns to the Cain collection and braces for the inevitable return of the faux-metal Holiday assault, but to his great surprise the album stays on, Dean even flips it over to the B-side.
“I don’t think that’s likely to happen. Maybe he is bi, but he’s just not into me. I just wish I’d been more prepared. I was hoping for more of a fuck-you moment. Liked dressed to kill with some hot guy on my arm. I mean I was in a soaking wet t-shirt with a mustard stain on it. And he just couldn’t stop staring at me in disgust.”
Dean is already at work on Thursday, but something is different. There’s a compilation of big band classics playing right now, the big band brat pack version of Baby, It’s Cold  Outside with Dean Martin and Doris Day.
It wasn’t all lost, there were moments in his life with Cas where he was happy. Things he’s held onto.
“Cassiopeia, I expect to find you sitting right here for your turn when I’m done,” Gabriel says to Castiel. “No running off to the planetarium to hide or something.”
Even if Cas has changed his mind about Kansas, there is nothing he can do about it now. He’s stuck in this motorized cage until he gets to his destination, which at this rate might be some point in the next millenia. It was supposed to be an easy eight-hour drive. He got up this morning at 9 am, and it’s now nearly 9 p.m. and he swears the walls of the car are closing in on him. He knows if he pulls over to stretch his legs, he’ll never have the courage to get back on the highway.
“Dean, you know none of us will let that happen. Please, Dean, I can’t run the business and keep your suitors at bay. Please.”
“This is low, Winchester. Even for you. He’s not some chick you picked up in a bar.” For a moment, he’s afraid she might hit him. “You stupid, stubborn asshole.”
Castiel sits on the couch. Dean gets up and walks over to it and sits next to him. Their knees touch. Dean is suddenly breathless and Cas is taking deep cleansing breath, as if he’s trying to fight something off. He’s blushing. Dean thinks he’s the most gorgeous man he’s ever seen.
“Dean, for god’s sake just grab it from her…” And Cas reaches down, plucks the rocket from Lyra, who, predictably, bursts into tears.
Their eyes lock but neither seems to know what to do -- shaking hands seems formal, kissing too much too soon, hugging, well neither were huggers really. Dean looks down and his shoes and chuckles.
Dean can help but smirk. "You know the sooner you get those on, the sooner I get you home to take them off."
Gabe rolls his eyes and unwraps another Chupa Chup lollipop and offers one to Dean who shakes his head no.
“Dean, come help me get the rest of the stuff from the car?”  And she’s out the door as Dean slips on his shoes.
The barn looks exactly like it used to. The sigils are all still there, all the weapons, the bowl they used for the spell, and the demon knife Cas pulled out of himself. It’s as if it was just sitting here all this time waiting for them to find it again.
Ramzey was beautiful. Armenian, haunting green eyes, and a propensity to get naked at the drop of a hat, not that anyone minded. Cas had often said that if he looked like that, he’d be naked all the time too. Carter told him he was just as hot and they all wanted to see him naked more. Carter was a perpetual optimist. He misses Carter — misses all of them.
He looks up to find a beautiful women with bright blue hair. There are remnants of stage make-up on her face. She looks tired and like someone keeps throwing new crises at her. He reaches up to shake her hand.
Sam cries some more. Dean hates to see him hurt, but it’s better this way. Sam calls their closest friends to let them know. He tells Jody to stay away, Donna too -- they won’t listen, Dean knows that. His death will hurt them too. Eileen won’t make it in time. Sam tells them all he needs to the part alone. But the grieving, everyone will help him with. They’ll all spread the word. And as people leave after paying their respects, maybe Eileen can convince him that enough is enough, and he should find another way to help the world.
“Microbrew from up north. I like it, grapefruit wheat. But it’s probably best if I avoid alcohol this evening.”
“Hell no, Cas. Gabe smells too sweet, and what he showed me is nothing compared to what I’m feeling through your pants.”
Then the doorbell rings, and without a word, Cas goes to answer it. It’s Charlie. Punctual to a fault, coming with food and to help them set up. Dean’s not sure whether he wants to kill her or thank her for interrupting.
He doesn’t want to believe her. But she’s not wrong. He wants to run away and leave it all behind, but having Dean around rekindled something. He’s just not sure how to describe it. He looks down at his hands wrapped around the cup. She continues.
Muriel gets up and walks out of Dean’s lap and joins the other adults cats over to the side. Cas runs his hand down her back as he address Bob and Mika.
“This is good, you know, talking like this. I’ve missed you is all. It’s a lot to ask but could we work on being friends again?” Dean can squash all those romantic urges, really he can.
Still, it’s Cas and there’s isn’t much he’d deny him. So he sits on the ground, whimpering a bit as his still tender ass hits the ground.
Sounds like Dean has given this some thought. Maybe there is an opening here for them to both get closure on what happened between them. But before he can reply, Dean grabs his tablet and moves to the porch leaving Cas alone once again.
“I’ll make you waffles.” Nuzzles. “Bacon.” Lick  “Coffee too.” Bite. “If you let me have you this morning.”
But Cas. Cas he can’t get a read on. That’s what it always comes down to. Dean decides on the one thing he truly wants, and he can't have it. Maybe that’s what Cas meant. But if he can’t have Cas, then what was it worth? Can he opt out of heaven, what are the other options? Deans lies back on the dock. He lets go and allows more  tears to fall, all the ones he’d been holding since Cas disappeared.
“Benny, looks like we’re both here bright and early” Dean says, pulling Benny into a hug. “We have an audition coming in at 11. Gabe wants me to have a look. Can you send him up to Hedonism?”  All the private rooms have ridiculous names, Hedonism is the biggest, equipped with a pole and a few chairs, mainly used for private parties, like the dreaded bachelorettes.
“I’m sorry. I don’t know much about cars.” Castiel decides to let the daddy issue go for now. “But she’s gorgeous, Dean.”
Without Dean and his goddamn “Hey, let’s just be friends” routine. Like anyone believes it’s what Dean wants. How dare Dean judge him for moving on and trying new things. Why the hell wouldn’t he? Dean kicked him out of his clubhouse, and so what if he’s found new people to play with, why wouldn’t people like Ramzey want to be with him. And if Dean thinks Cas is ashamed of anything that went on with Ramzey he’s got another thing coming. There was good money to be made being Ram’s co-star, not that he’d want to this full time but the extra cash, he saved enough to put a down-payment on a house.
“Are you just going to stand there? Come in, come in. I’ll just make us a pot of tea. Mint, still your favourite? It’s too wet for anything cold.”
“Oh my god, I prayed to you didn’t I? Fuck, last time I did that I was… shit. You thought…” As it slowly dawns on Dean exactly what he had done.
“Me too. It can’t be like it was,” Cas looks wistful. “But we can certainly try to be more civil towards each other. Maybe work towards … friendship.”
