“Sherlock, please, Dr. Watson.” Sherlock was still dressed in one of his immaculate suits, his hair tamed by product, but only just. The curls were moving slightly as he shifted backward, having come up in front of John in an almost crowding manner. His face made a series of expression changes too fast for John to read, but then he spun about and extended his hands outward to encompass the living room area of the flat. “So, this is…it.” He didn’t stop there though, and in what seemed to John like an anxious way, Sherlock gestured toward a worn-in damask chair of red, which sat across from a streamlined one of black leather and chrome. “I thought…that is…” There was a pillow with the British flag on it, which he lifted off the chair, his arms rounding over the opposite side of it as he pressed the pillow close to his chest.
Sherlock’s curls tumbled in their unruly way as he shook his head, yet he took the restorative items for what they were, and bit viciously down into one of the wafers. “He just…I can’t.” She knew, of anyone in the household, Mrs. Hudson knew.
“Well, after the wedding, I thought you might. I genuinely prefer to text, but for you, I would have made an exception.” The smile had gone, but the vision was still plainly interested, and John didn’t know what to make of that.
Sherlock’s expression shifted, still soft, but with more bravado and sureness. “Mm, yes. You should wear a blue button down, and black trousers with jacket. They’re bound to yield, you’ll have a job in no time…if you give them your Captain Watson, look.” His voice did fade there at the last, but he kept the eye contact he’d determinedly aimed at John, and was trying to ignore the harder thrum of his heart.
Ran into Mike Stamford yesterday, and went to one of the local shops with him. He introduced me to a young man in need of a flatmate, so I went around this evening, and had a look at it. It’s pretty decent actually. Sherlock had already moved in, so it was a bit of a mess, but that’s actually a nice change from this place. Going to work on the job hunt, soon.
John’s mother had been something of a cup and saucer collector, with the usual array of dainty cups and saucers, images of roses, peonies, and sometimes the occasional tulip, hyacinth or lilac making it into her collection. They invariably had gilt edges or frothy scalloping, but John was always too wary to touch them, and his mother had a single, full tea set in silver plate from when she married John’s father. The sets before John now are more refined, all clean lines and subtle elements, an artful turn of handle here or single piping in one exotic shade, there.
The absence was a tangle thing, and John held his breath in the increasing tightness of his chest, running his eyes along the various cluttered elements in the room with the determination of a man seeking something to keep from shutting down. If he kept his mind occupied after all, he wouldn’t have time to think about what had just happened, but despite all the unique items in the space with him, nothing was enough. “You’re a damn fool, John Watson.” The skull on the mantle peered back at him, eye sockets dark and teeth bared, not saying otherwise. John shook his head, and closed the door behind him, limping down the stairs to go take the tube back to the bedsit.
Sherlock washed his hands after everything was in the racks, and as he was drying them, kept a partial outward turn toward John. “What sorts of films? I…I will make the popcorn, of course.” Why it should be a given that it was his job to do, he didn’t didn’t seem to question, and he was taking the task right out of the offering sort of suggestion John had made.
Sherlock was watching out the window again, nodding vaguely, trying to sort out his predicament now that he had sustenance and was reminded of someone being on his side. The tea went cold in the cup, and nothing more was eaten of the biscuits, but after he realized it and sat the cup and saucer down, he still had no solution. Mrs. Hudson sighed, but said no more, and exited the room to leave Sherlock to his dismal state.
“Why do you keep putting yourself at risk, Sherlock? For no good reason? Hm?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes.” Sherlock lifted his chin, staring at John’s mouth again.
“I have fewer nightmares here.”
A deep breath later, his anger turned over and made him sick to his stomach with worry. He wanted to turn the rage back on. Being angry had always suited him better, but if he were to let that beast loose, this tiny bubble of tentative closeness would pop and be gone forever. Instead, he leaned his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder blade and closed his eyes, breathing through the nausea.
Back when Sherlock was away, the nightmare had plagued her frequently. The basic story of the dream was always the same, even if the details could vary. A telephone rings, she answers, and the voice on the other end is Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock’s brother. Mycroft keeps talking in his condescending upper class voice, droning on about governmental issues and polite platitudes. He never gets to the point, but Molly knows that the reason for the call is that Sherlock is dead. Mycroft can’t bear to say it, and Molly couldn’t bear to hear it, but they both know the truth.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
Sherlock stared at him and his pale eyes seemed to grow darker and fiercer by the second. When John thought he couldn’t take the tension any longer, Sherlock said slowly “Alright.” And just as slowly, he opened his mouth.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
I let him slip away
“You’ve manipulated her into baking for us, and you didn’t even offer her a cup of tea in thanks. See, I can make deductions too.”
https://www.aftonbladet.se/nyheter/a/p6RAqV/sara-danius-glanste-pa-nobelfesten
He hadn’t had that dream in a while. He hoped this unexpected recollection would not trigger it tonight.
“So am I.” John slid his arms down to embrace Sherlock, hard. “So. Am. I.”
“Yes. Fine. She broke up with me. I don’t want to talk about it.”
But tonight, he had endured the most embarrassing breakup of his entire life.
At lunch time, he convinced Sherlock to go out for something to eat. They walked to the little square in the middle of Old Town, but Sherlock turned on his heel as soon as he saw the bustling Christmas market. A few streets away from the crowds, they found a small café with a good selection of coffee and tea. The sandwiches were bland and boring, but John didn’t feel particularly hungry anyway.
At the echo of his own words from long ago, something warm happened inside Sherlock’s chest. Under the pretext of fiddling with his shirt button, he touched his sternum to try to capture the feeling, keep it inside, but he accidentally rubbed the scar from Mary’s gunshot with the heel of his hand. He winced in pain as the stiff skin pulled at the scarred tissue underneath. Once the pain was gone, so was the warmth, and Sherlock wanted it back. He decided to try to salvage it, to see if he could replicate the situation. He needed one more lie, one more “am not” to make fun of.
To break
He had asked for results on a possible murder victim and she had replied that they were not ready yet. The subject was professional but the tone of the texts were decidedly flirtatious. Were they starting something here? Her thumb hovered over the screen
Mycroft smiled at Antheas efficiency. “I’ll try to be brief, Detective Inspector,” he said. “I need a favour. It regards our mutual friend Dr Watson.”
Pictures and information about the Golden Hall and the Blue Hall here:
Sherlock had made sure to exchange every single beverage put in front of John for a non alcoholic alternative. He had even managed doing so at the Nobel Nightcap, the roaring after party to the glamorous but stuffy Nobel Prize party, which their client had dragged them to after the conclusion of the case. This was no mean feat, considering that it was basically an incredibly elaborate and expensive student party where drinks were free, and the attitude towards drinking was set by hedonistic students with a Scandinavian alcohol tolerance. Seeing Sherlock spend the major part of his powers for deduction and manipulation on keeping John sober had made him feel both grateful and humble. Even Sherlock, with his liberal attitude towards drugs and alcohol, was trying to protect him from himself.
And then, finally, they kissed.
Finally, John lifted his eyes and looked at Sherlock’s back. The patterns in his skin told an awful story. John started to look away again, but righted himself. Sherlock was being incredibly brave, letting him see this. He should honour that and not shy away.
“Now you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Now you eat. Take a bite.” Sherlock’s face was neutral, but his voice had a tinge of both a challenge and a plea.
The fear disappeared from Sherlock’s face and a tiny gasp puffed over his lips. Then everything happened at once. John pulled Sherlock’s face towards him and leaned forward. Sherlock surged up and grabbed the back of John’s legs, pulling him up into his lap.
“No, scratch that.” Sherlock studied him. “She was planning to break up with you, but you found out beforehand. In some embarrassing way.”
John put his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. It was warm to the touch, but tense underneath the smooth skin. “Better?”
Molly laughed and felt a tiny bit of warmth spread in her chest. “I certainly hope so.”
“Lestrade really has gone above and beyond for us these past weeks.”
Sherlock looked as surprised as if John had struck him.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“The solution has been contaminated again.” Sherlock went to the sink and poured it down the drain. He rinsed the flask, scrubbed it and held it up to the light. At the bottom, there was a tiny line of residue. He scrubbed it again, but it wouldn’t budge. It was time for the big guns.
The Grim Reaper does not have a heart
The inspiration for the dresses can be found in this picture, but the story, all names, characters, and incidents portrayed in this story are fictitious. No identification with actual persons is intended.
“I know that Lestrade thinks that I am turning alcoholic, but I’m really not. It’s just been … well.” John rubbed his face and tried to get his words to match his thoughts. “He is right about one thing, though. We really do need to talk. And we men … Well, we talk better if we have a tumbler of something in our hands, don’t we?”
“I ordered it online and had it delivered to Molly’s house. Lestrade brought it over while you were putting Rosie to bed.”
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
I insult the woman
A small smile played on Sherlock’s lips. “I will.”
Rosie snuggled her face into his shirt, but her body was tense and after a moment, she sat up in his arms, looking him in the eye. “There were monsters,” she said and started crying heartwrenchingly.
John stood up as well, hesitating in front of him. A flash of white silk underneath the red shirt surprised him. “You never wear undershirts?”
Suddenly, John let go, turned around and took a deep breath.
“Me too, John. I never would have expected to feel indebted to Mycroft for anything, but I will always be grateful that he made this possible for us.”
Sherlock took care to walk silently up the stairs to avoid waking John. He opened the door to Rosie’s room and walked over to her little princess bed. Mycroft had gone all in when decorating Rosie’s room, buying the most extravagant pink bed with in an enormous woodcarving of a crown, painted in gold, at the top of the headboard. There were wallpaper and curtains to match, and a large bookshelf. John’s protestations had been dismissed with a vague claim that some employee had gone a bit overboard but the items were non-refundable. Sherlock had seen right through his brother, of course, but Rosie’s obvious delight in her princess fantasy bedroom had stayed his tongue. Sooner or later, she would grow out of this phase and once she did, he would make sure Mycroft had no hand in future redecorations.
“I do?”
“Shh, shh. There are no monsters. Look,” Sherlock said and turned on the bedside lamp.
(See the end of the chapter for
To make her go away
“Sorry.”
The cake smelled divine: sweet, dark, heady and with a sharp scent of citrus. John’s mouth watered and he bit down into the soft, moist crumbs. Belatedly, he realised that he had put his mouth right where Sherlock’s had just been. It seemed impossible that he should be able to taste Sherlock in the cake, but he couldn’t shake the feeling that he had.
“Sherlock, can I come in?” There was no answer, but John turned the handle anyway. He opened the door just an inch, not enough to see anything if Sherlock was indecent, but enough to hear him properly. “Sherlock?”
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
One word on the relationship between John and Sherlock, before I go. I have marked this fic as Sherlock/John, and added "platonic Sherlock/John" in the tags. I hope I have not disappointed anyone with this ending. I have chosen not to specify exactly how John and Sherlock themselves define their relationship or what sexual and/or romantic orientation they consider themselves to have. I am not sure they know themselves yet, or if they have yet had that conversation. For some readers, this may be unfulfilling to read, and I can understand that. But considering the constraints of writing one chapter per day, and not writing more than twelve chapters, I have chosen not to explore that aspect of the story because I feel that I would not be able to do it justice in such a short fic.
“I’m sorry?” John’s brain felt like concrete. What was Sherlock saying?
“Yes. I’ll clean the flask there.” It was an absurd excuse for ending the conversation, but what could he do.
“Oh my God, you were having sex with a fruit cake!”
A rumbling sound from the bedroom told John that Sherlock was up.
Sherlock reached for his glass and drained it. He stared into it for a moment and then said “Maybe a refill first.”
Spending the day with Sherlock waiting for the night train was decidedly uncomfortable after that awkward conversation. John moped around, packing the silly dress suit and swearing over the flapping tails that wouldn’t fit in the garment bag. Sherlock stayed in the bedroom, hunched over his computer.
John’s hand trembled a little bit as he poured the whisky, making the bottle clink against the edge of the grass. He tried to push down the familiar anger at the body that kept betraying him.
John stopped and turned once more. “Merry Christmas, Sherlock,” he said and yawned.
Rosie took a step back from the tree and looked it over reverently. “You made a Christmas tree for us, Sherlock!” she said.
“Come look at this, Sherlock!”
Party sounds suddenly appeared in the background, as if someone had opened the door to the room where Sherlock was standing, letting the roaring party in. His brother ended the call without a word and left Mycroft contemplating the conclusion of the case, the request of his brother, the haste with which he had ended the call. But mostly, he thought of seam rippers.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
John could feel his heartbeat wooshing in his head, compressing his skull and making his ears ring. “Don’t change the subject! You need to eat!”
Thankfully, John’s phone rang before Sherlock accidentally said something stupid, and John left for that pint with Lestrade.
John’s fingers seemed to have a will of their own as well, because John watched with fascination as they pulled off a piece of dark brown cake, carefully pinching it to avoid dropping the icing. His fingers brought the piece to Sherlock’s mouth. For a moment he could feel the smooth, slick inside of Sherlock’s lips on the tips of his fingers as he closed his mouth around the cake.
“Why? If you don’t mind me asking.” John finished his latte. He was still thirsty and the beers in the fridge looked very tempting. They were low-alcohol, so they wouldn’t count, would they?
“You are being irrational. Our parents allowed you too much leeway. He wouldn’t be capable of that many children. One or two at the most. Just enough to ensure…” Mycroft knew Sherlock was aware of this, but right now he did expend just a margin of energy to advance his own cause, and to infuse the air with enough Alpha scent to hopefully render Sherlock less combative.
It’s only then that Mike quits his perusal of the goods in front of him, but it’s to Sherlock that he looks, and addresses his comment. “Old buddy of mine, John Watson.” There’s that pleasant smile on his face, but he continues with the shopping part of this expedition. “I’d like to see the rest. Not sure if this isn’t a bit too modern for Milly.”
And finally…
John was floored now, eyes widely opened, and quickly glancing between the two men in front of him. Mycroft and Trevor, a couple. Not Sherlock and Trevor. There had never been a Sherlock and Trevor. There would never be a Sherlock and Trevor.
“Yes. Yes, it’s me. But…but you…It's midnight.” John shook his head, torn between bemused and astonished. He’d assumed the vision worked for the florist shop.
“Afghanistan. How did you know?” Temporarily adrift, that’s what this is, and John is squaring his shoulders, matching the action with taking a wider stance. The cane is held with a death grip, but he isn’t offering any explanations of his own. At least, not on purpose. It’s not even close to just casually defensive.
John sat up now, raking a hand through his short hair, and swearing to himself. It wasn’t just Sherlock that had expected his arrival, but a lady as well. After weighing this new information against the likelihood he might make a fool of himself in front of them both, John forced his misgivings to the back of his mind, and sorted his hair with a few more quick skims of his fingers through the strands.
John saw the wince for what it was, though the doctor was not sure why it had happened exactly. He let Sherlock go about the final actions to prep for the meal, then slid his arms apart to go toward the younger man. His gait wasn’t totally steady, but there were creases near his eyes as they warmly looked up at Sherlock, John taking one of his hands to lead him away from the stove. Sherlock was obviously puzzled, and the hand he still had made a fluttering gesture at the food. “But, it will get cold…and the kettle…” Now, he did look at John, but didn’t have more than a moment or two before a sturdy arm was around his waist, and he was being danced slowly backward from the kitchen. “I…oh.” His kaleidoscope eyes were changing colors, widening, the pupils also dilating.
In the back of his mind, John knew Mycroft must have been in a second ambulance with Victor, but he was concentrating on the curly-haired body in front of him, whispering encouraging things while simultaneously trying not to be in the way of the staff as they provided oxygen and checked Sherlock’s information in some database John would wonder about later before starting an IV of fluids and pain medication.
It was because of that routine into which they’d somewhat comfortably settled, that John knew when something was wrong. He had been to work, and come back two hours ago, but there had still been no sign of Sherlock. Of course, it did occur to him that perhaps Victor and Sherlock were reunited, leaving him no real place in Sherlock’s schedule.
He thought about the layout of the flat, his chair and Sherlock’s, one worn and yet comfortable, with the sleeker one of larger dimensions across from it. Sherlock had already moved in when John arrived, but now he considered that Sherlock had possibly hoped so much that he would take the lodging, that’d set up the ideal chairs, the plaid throw for John’s aching leg, the pillow with its flag of England for the man that had served his country.
“You’re a bloody fool, and you know it, and it’s time to stop.” John had his own date, but he hadn’t wanted to leave without first seeing Sherlock. Just being around the younger man made him feel better, lighter, less boring and common, less broken and concerned about the future. He wanted a future with Sherlock, that was true, but he wanted to enjoy the present with him as well.
Sherlock had been looking down by this time, and the groan almost made every circuit in his brain shut down. He had his own fork in hand, which wavered none too steadily, his tongue wetting his lips as he picked at his food to distract himself more than to get anything actually on the tines. “I hope…you like it.”
John cut him off at that, waving his hand to show he didn’t require an explanation. “It’s fine, Sherlock. It’s all fine.” Grasping the cane by curved handle, he also stood up, but didn’t linger to regard the younger man. Stepping to the side, he aimed the end of the cane toward the door. “You better get a move on.” He coughed once, then went on. “I’ll just go clear out my things, and see you tomorrow. Enjoy your evening.” Probably a bit too pointed, the way he didn’t meet Sherlock’s eyes, the hand not on his cane curling into a fist by his thigh.
“Oh, look. 21 is everywhere.”
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed as he drew in some air, and although he wouldn’t meet John’s gaze, he nodded once the older man explained his stance on working. His fingers ceased their high-strung twisting, flattening to his thighs again, and he turned his head so at least that was directed John’s way. “Chem…chemistry. I’m finishing my graduate work.” Looking past John then, he was filling in information about the kitchen. “The small refrigerator. It has my experiments and samples. Mrs. Hudson…well…she thought it might be better if I didn’t have thumbs in the regular refrigerator.” Finally, the stormy shade of grey left Sherlock’s eyes, and they fixed on John, the defiance creeping in a marked contrast to what had been there before.
“I hadn’t deduced this.” His cheeks were flushed, and John knew it wasn’t from the chill in the air. A knowing look passed between them.
“You told him about me?” Then too, John has had time to evaluate the situation, and wants more information from the man he’s at least known for a couple of decades, before he speaks further to the younger man.
“Uh, yes. Thanks. Mrs. Hudson, is it?” Had to be, but better to ask, just in case there was another woman about the place on a regular basis.
“Here we are.” Mike isn’t answering him, but John reroutes, wondering at the identity of this other person, and scanning the outside window display. A neon pink sign reads: The Study. The odd discrepancy between the formal name and the design of the sign, throw John for bit of a loop, and he hastily runs his eyes along the rest before noticing there isn’t anything else to see. Streamlined, and after a delay out on the pavement where John vacillates about going in, he follows Mike.
Slightly shorter chapter this time. Headache all last week, and Friday evening I found out my apt complex messed up my lease agreement, so it needs to be sorted. Preparing though for a good chapter of Sherlock and John spending some further quality time, and John changing things up a bit.
“Well, I appreciate the gesture. I didn’t have a set that would have fitted the bed, and it will be good to have a larger area, again. I put the pillows on, if you’re wondering.” He took another drink from his cup, watching Sherlock’s every gesture and facial expression, the latter of which ran through a series of transitions before John went on. “Let me know how much the whole setup costs, so I can reimburse you.” Concealing his own lower face with the cup, he let his eyes narrow, then drift focus so he wasn’t pinning Sherlock with his gaze.
“That’s better.” John slid the ring onto Sherlock’s finger, and rose up just enough to give the detective a chaste kiss. “Happy Valentine’s Day, love.”
That being the case, he didn’t see the deeper smile that etched into John’s features, the loosening of his shoulders or the way his eyes took on a mere moment of heat before he began his trek up the stairs to the room he’d be using. It was fine though, because Sherlock did hear the way John’s steps did not falter or slow, and the young man paused just long enough to confirm that the cane was still hanging onto the arm of the chair. With no one to witness it, he didn’t bother to conceal the hopeful smile on his lips or the color that seeped into his cheeks. Whatever it was that he whispered, that was also for no one to witness, but it was something along the lines of “Anything at all, Sir.”
A series of new questions sprung to mind, but John wasn’t going to leave in order to ask them of Mycroft, and he didn’t even seek a chair until one of the staff assured him they’d done all they could right now, and he might as well rest. It was in fact only then that John became aware that he’d left his cane back at 221B, so focused on Sherlock’s possible need of him that he’d completely skipped over his potential need of it. Had he been a better state, it would have brought on a smile, if not an outright laugh. He knew he’d been on the floor, he’d even been on his knees, and all without assistance.
Sherlock was not in danger any longer, but they did stay until Friday. John’s belongings were delivered, as promised, and he only left Sherlock when it was necessary because his own eyes were closing against his will. They conversed when Sherlock was awake, but John kept the topics light, and insisted Sherlock not strain himself, letting the medical staff do their work, and John bearing the burden of reading or attending to other more minor needs as they arose.
“How did you come into ownership of a tea shop, Sherlock? You don’t look like someone that was raised in the middle classes.” John had finished more than half his plate now, taken a few sips of his tea, and was watching Sherlock with eyes narrowed. His target stopped eating the forkful that had been about to make it onto Sherlock’s palate, the fork put down instead, and the younger man taking on a somewhat green tinge.
There’s no bell above the door or shop cameras to herald their arrival, but Mike keeps walking, his gait slowing like he feels he might be the bull in the china shop. He’s smoothing down his striped tie, the green, yellow, and red appearing like someone’s attempt at a Christmas trio, but it’s the wrong time of the year for them. Keeping his briefcase in check, he turns to the right where the wooden cases that double as a service counter are lined end-to-end all the way to the back of the shop. Once there, the briefcase is set on the countertop, and he sets the bottoms of each palm along the strip of metal that forms the case’s more solid structure. He doesn’t seem in a hurry, but he isn’t looking back to see where John is either.
“I’m not the best at this, wasn’t even when I didn’t limp, but dinner and dancing seems like a good idea.” John used his fingertips to indicate the direction he wished Sherlock to take, pressing more firmly for indications, and swirling the younger man around rather quickly in the floor space between chairs and coffee table. Sherlock followed quite naturally, like he was born to it, resting the formerly fluttering hand onto John’s shoulder. The dressing gown billowing behind him, and curls doing their own lesser sways as the pair made a few turns about the room.
"Yes, Sir." No need to pretend anything else, not even in front of Mycroft and Trevor, similar relationships being as they were. For the first time in awhile, Sherlock looked at peace, though his eyes shut as he followed the orders.
In the end, it’s the shop owner that speaks first, but his words are quieter and he’s obviously being cautious about making eye contact with John. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes and the address is 221B Baker Street.” His hand had fallen back down by his side, but he extends it once again, longer fingers offering the card with the business information on the front. “My mobile number is on the back. I prefer to text, but...” He doesn’t seem to know what to say beyond that, and the color in his cheeks is only heightening the longer this goes on.
His reply wasn’t immediate, but he eventually got there, his own voice lowering in a way that was more a deference than an issue of sharing confidences, as John’s had been. “Please. I’ll…I’ll be right…back?” Sideways edging got him off the sofa, and while he didn’t run exactly, he was definitely bolting for the bathroom down the hall.
What John would have said was cut short by the pounding of feet on the stairs outside the open door, and the sudden appearance of another young man in the room. He was tall, even more so than Sherlock, and a great deal more solid compared to Sherlock’s willowy frame. His strawberry blonde hair was cut to corporate standards, the eyes seeking Sherlock a shade of dense green, and they lit up when he found his target. Hastening in, he didn’t see John at first, and bumped Sherlock’s shoulder with his hip as he sat down on the arm of the chair. It was plainly intentional, and done with enough force that Sherlock rocked sideways once, his eyes throwing a worried look to John as the other young man finally noticed the doctor seated across from Sherlock. “Oh, hello. You must be Dr. Watson.” Leaning forward, the blonde offered his hand, John shaking it with a nod.
Bearing a tray, the good woman placed it gingerly on the side table by the only comfortable chair in the room. “I expect he’s told you then?” Liberties taken by the oldest confidante, she didn’t stay silent or try to pretend everything was all roses. Preparing the tea as Sherlock liked it, and resting a couple of biscuits on the saucer besides, she extended the balm to the restless young man.
“To ensure that I am carrying on the legacy! Yes, I know.” Sherlock was taking rapid breaths, so angry that his face was blotching, a very marked difference than its normal shade of milky white that half the mommas and daughters in the county envied him for possessing. The pheromones in the air were getting to him, but he wanted – no needed- to continue. His future happiness depended upon it.
Summoning the courage he normally didn’t have in spades when the other man was present, Sherlock met John’s eyes. “Not a diversion, no.” Deepening the inflection on the longest word, he didn’t smile or act coy, and did manage to keep their eyes fixed on each other for a few moments. Maybe when he thought his point had come across, he lowered his, gathering plate and utensils to then sweep out from his chair to take them into the kitchen. The dressing gown wafting behind him, he rinsed his items, and then set them in the dishwasher to be more thoroughly cleaned.
“That shade of blue is harder to find these days, but there is something to be said for tradition, and that color…” He leaves off, lashes flickering against the changing verdigris of his own eyes to meet John’s, which are roughly the same deep blue as in the set in front of Mike.
Lapses in time were not something that Sherlock normally worried on calculating, at least not if he was working in his Mind Palace to file away new information. The room about John had been expanded from just one, into a suite. So far, Sherlock had outfitted the main area with pooling drapes of light gold, papered walls a shade or two darker, and damask club chairs of a finer quality than the one in the living room, the upholstery done in shades of the gold, wine, and claret. Shelves with medical texts, and complete sets of first edition novels by Fleming, Dickens, and Whitman, with room for more once he had collected data beyond what he had now. Assorted low tables for John to set his laptop or the items for tea and food that Sherlock would prepare for him, throws and blankets in dark merlot, woven in various textures and weights to keep out the cold so John’s shoulder and leg didn’t ache, and a fireplace over whose mantel hung a portrait of John in uniform.
After storming from his brother’s library cum office, Sherlock had stalled out on the other side of the door. He felt less like a brood mare actually, and more a snared rabbit, his heart pounding in a way likely to result soon in his head doing the same. He wasn’t normally so quick to temper or ready to fight, and it was taking a toll. Truly mirroring the ghastly weather outdoors now, he let loose tears that he had just managed to avoid spilling in front of his brother.
Another piece fitted into this intricate puzzle, where it had been just along the edge of the larger picture before. John was smiling again, which helped Sherlock breath, and the doctor circled around to sit on the sofa. He reached down to begin untying his shoes, noticing as Sherlock started to dart forward, but leveling a hand out to keep his helpmate on the furniture. Once rid of both, John shifted backward further, half orienting his body onto the sofa so he was able to see the television better. Collecting the remote from the sofa arm, and looking over to Sherlock who was seemingly trapped in an anxiously expectant pose, John pushed the button on the menu to start the film.
In no shape for work yet, but he paused outside the window of an A&E, reading postings for positions. It would just part time or so he kept telling himself, hand curling and flexing on the cane, just itching to be around a scalpel or gun instead. Action. John needed action.
“Why are there twins and triplets coming out of that room?”
The cab was too fast, however, and they pulled out into the traffic and sped off before anything else could come of it. John had watched until it disappeared, missing three potential rides of his own. Later, he recalled the license plate number, and put in a call to find out where the cab had taken its passenger. The company wasn’t able to provide the information to a complete stranger, so nothing came of it.
Mike is by the door, sorting out the receipt in his billfold, and making sure his keys are in his pocket. The briefcase is in his other hand, but he stops by the tables, and he’s definitely not looking at what is going on between John and the shop owner. In fact, after gauging him, John is sure it’s a pointed refusal to watch whatever is playing out here.
“Umm…yes. They are. There was an incident.” Again, Sherlock wasn’t making eye contact, but it was more because he’d become distracted by the outline of John’s lips with that hovering bit of bread poised directly in front of them. “We can get it patched if you like. I…I’ll go buy the things myself, after class…and then…it will look alright.”
It’s at this point that a woman rushes into the shop, a cup in her hand, and a messenger bag slung over her shoulder. John watches as she puts down one of the cups on the only surface where it wouldn’t leave a lasting mark, a small marble slab by the register. She’s wearing her medium brown hair in a low ponytail, a cream-colored sweater with cherries all over it, and a pair of trousers the same shade of brown as her hair. She darts an anxious look to John, but smiles. “Hello, welcome to The Study.”
“Hello, Little Brother. Enjoying some quality time with Dr. Watson?” Mycroft’s superior tone was so clear that Sherlock’s spine snapped to, and his teeth clenched.
Something in his chest pulled, and he laid his hand across the place of spasm. The trouble was, John wanted to say, "Trevor, be damned," but the other blonde had been kind and supportive as far as John could tell. It was an awkward situation at best, and at worst, tearing him inside. He'd have to accept that if Sherlock wanted to remain with Trevor, then John would need a new place to live, and he'd have to recover a second time in a beige bedsit. In some ways, the wound this time would be more horrible than the war injury had been. What phantom pain would crop up this time, where no actual physical injury could be seen? Would he bother allowing a healing time or just take matters into his own hands, as he’d come close to doing several times before meeting Sherlock?
The other man takes a moment, weighing his next words possibly, but when they do come it’s almost an onslaught of information. “I know you’re an Army doctor and you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan. I know you’ve got a brother who’s worried about you but you won’t go to him for help because you don’t approve of him – possibly because he’s an alcoholic; more likely because he recently walked out on his wife. And I know that your therapist thinks your limp’s psychosomatic – quite correctly, I’m afraid.” After he’s done though, his face is almost as blush in hue as his shirt, and his eyes drop to focus more on John’s shoes than anything else.
As soon as Sherlock was positive that John was upstairs getting his shower items and clothing, the younger man was in the kitchen working on the prep for the popcorn. Salt, paprika, garlic powder, onion powder, pepper, oregano, thyme, and cayenne pepper were all added to the large bowl, mostly in measure of ¾ teaspoon, and allowed to set while he put the popcorn in the microwave. It wouldn’t have normally been his method when making something for John, but he wasn’t sure how long it would take the doctor to come downstairs, and he wanted to be sure matters were underway. In point of fact, the popcorn had already finished when he heard John come downstairs and enter the bathroom, so he heated the butter in a saucepan rather than also making it in the microwave. Taste and presentation were important, even in so basic a dish, and Sherlock wanted to ensure John was pleased with his results. Also, it kept the younger man from having much time to fret over what would happen in the next few hours.
Inhaling, John nodded, “Smells good. Looking forward to trying something…new. Sit down, and I will get the DVD in.” He’d a feeling Sherlock would just hover, if he didn’t give him exact directions on course of action, and it would take a few minutes to get the disk inside the machine, start up, arrive at the menu, and take a seat himself. If he let that new suggestion hover in the air for Sherlock’s mental benefit, well that was a fair trade. As he worked at going through the DVDs, he heard the sofa leather make a quiet creak, yet not enough of one for a person really getting comfortable.
“I do want you, sweetheart. More than I’ve ever wanted anything in my life. So yes...You’re mine. For as long as you want to be.” John’s fingers tucked in more tightly, and he leaned to press a kiss onto the nest of curls, Sherlock letting out a relieved sigh against him and whispering ‘Thank you, Sir’ and ‘I will make you proud’ in repetition. He let the moment go on a little younger, cherishing the feeling of having the beautiful man in his arms, but then took on his best voice of low command. “All right, now. Up you go. Hang up the suit, drink the tea, and get into bed. I’ll be in shortly.”
Mycroft drew in a breath, attempting to remain civil, if not congenial with his sibling. “You are being irrational. Lord Blackwood is sixty-two. He is a fine man, always supported father when he was down, and will…” The older of the pair had resumed his placid expression, sure of his position, in more ways than one.
“Why Hamlet? Is it because of the skull?”
“I’m here. I know you probably can’t hear me, but I’m here, and…Christ, Sherlock…Don’t you go out on me, not like this. There is so much…I have to tell you, and I know there is something someone isn’t saying, but don’t think about that right now. I want you to…fuck…No, I mean I want you to wake up, because we need to talk. About this. About us. About Victor.” It was all coming out in a spew, and had he cared right then, John might have been more self conscious about airing all this in front of the two that were working on Sherlock. But, he didn’t care. At least, not about them.
Trevor outright grinned, but did wait until Mycroft had cleared his throat, and accepted the course change for what it was. "Very well. I've had the room next door made up for your use Dr. Watson, and will send for whatever belongings you wish to have for the next few days. Sherlock is likely in no danger now, but the doctor on my staff would like to keep him here at least until Friday to make certain." He started to turn away, drawing Trevor along behind him, but looked back toward John before the doctor could do anything else. "Welcome to the family, John."
The clock had struck the hour when he moved again, limp and feeling lifeless, pooling himself on the floor beside his bed. To the untrained eye, Sherlock was a young man of coltish proportions, all arms and legs and not enough meat on his bones. In reality, he tended to wear his shirts too loose, his trousers too tight, and his waistcoats with a tear or stain from some experiment or another. Since he tended to never throw any of his garments away, they were an odd hodge-podge of what remained from the wardrobe is mother purchased three years prior, and the few newer items Mrs. Hudson had insisted he needed to be somewhat presentable. Still, his tendency to just continue growing, had not abated. For just a moment, he wondered if his groom would even care what he looked like, then recalled Lord Blackwood, and shuddered with revulsion.
The tube would take too long, and he didn’t like wasting money, but he hailed the first cab he saw. Address of the tea shop almost snapped out at the driver, his knee was bouncing up and down as the cab started off. The cabbie made a comment about him being wound up, and a joke about the destination being a good destination to resolve that, but John only looked at him with a withering stare and then directed his eyes to the world passing by outside the cab window. People walking, people laughing, lights, and more lights. None of it really interested him, and he wasn’t actually seeing any of it.
John let that subject rest, attempting not to let his eyes fixate on that bottom lip that was just then being met by the press of Sherlock’s own teeth. Shifting enough to put his own tea items down, and lengthening one arm along that of chair, he rested the other on his elbow. Running his fingers under his own bottom lip, he let there be a short interval of quiet, but not one long enough to stretch into something that would only add to Sherlock’s anxiety level. Still, John had to get his own footing, because it felt like they were on some sort of precipice right now.
The notes were filtering down to his level as best they could with the limited technology of John’s older system, but Sherlock had a plan. Going through his account, the Complete Nocturnes brought up, he slotted his phone into the speaker deck. Waiting until the next opus would have taken too long, so he held his breath, choosing the Op. 27, No. 1 in C sharp minor. Pushing the line associated with the piece, letting the slightly dark notes fill the space, he couldn’t take the time to hold his breath in worry.
“Right. Hmmm, I may go check on him then. Thanks, Mike.”
John spent his final night in the stripped room, trying not to dwell on how few things had to be removed to go with him, to return the location to its state before his occupation. Pouring out the noodles and water from his aborted dinner attempt, he refilled the saucepan, and let that water boil until it was ready for another drop of pasta. When it was done, he didn’t bother with sauce, just mixed in some dry basil and butter to keep the noodles from tasting quite so flat. Not that his palate cared, and it all tasted like dust in his mouth, even the beer he used to wash it down not doing anything to refresh him. Washing the few dishes he’d used, he wiped them dry, and added them to the single box of supplies from the kitchenette and bathroom.
John was sucking in a breath, holding it, and fighting off a wave of nausea. it was done, and he shook his head at his own foolishness, limping back over to switch off the burner on the stove. The water promptly stopped bubbling, and something about that chemical reaction led to his releasing the breath. The noodles sagged miserably in the bottom of the pot, but he pushed the button to turn off the light above the stove, and limped back to his bed to stretch out. The mattress sagged under his weight, so he swung his legs up, stretching out with a view to the ceiling. It had been painted over at some point, but he could just make out the brown stain from water that had damaged the plaster, and it just reminded him of tea. Tears were prickling at the back of his eyes, so he shut them, forcing another few breaths to stabilize his mood. It was then that his phone let him know a return message had come in, and he waited a moment before daring to look at it.
With a new sense of purpose, not to mention of self, Sherlock put the box back into the nightstand and sped over to the experiment table. It would only take an hour of mixing, and another three for the substance to reach its needed state, and Lord Blackwood would no doubt lose all interest in his intended. He'd have to cover the taste of the draught after all, so it could be used in anything that might pass the old man's lips. Certain he was on the right course now, Sherlock began his preparations looking quite smug, all the tears dried with the traces of no concern to him.
“I heard you were abroad somewhere, getting shot at. What happened?” Behind the lenses of his tortoiseshell glasses, Mike’s eyes are still a placid blue, reflecting the calmness of a man that is content with his lot in life.
November
“I don’t know what you normally do after eating dinner, when you eat dinner…” He kept his tone light, and he noticed a heightened shift in Sherlock’s alertness that told him he was on the right track. “…but I usually read or watch some crap telly. Still, I have some films on DVD, if you’d be interested in some popcorn, and making an evening of it.”
Not resigned, but knowing it would come to nothing right now, he turned away from the glass. The reflection just caught the swirl of something, and he saw him. It was the upsweep of curls off the crown of his head, a light breeze defying the heat, though a pool of sweat gathering at the gape threatened to plaster down the ones closest to his skin. John’s mouth watered.
There was a paused, but then also a dramatic sigh on the other end of the line. “You will tire of him within the month, which means our arrangement would have been disrupted for nothing. No, no things will remain as they are. It’s for your own good, Sherlock. Goodbye, Brother Mine.” Mycroft rang off then, not even giving Sherlock the dignity of a chance at further rebuttal.
Another day, another pointless therapy appointment where he was forced to explain that nothing ever happens to him. Six months back in London, and two out of hospital, but John was no closer to losing the limp that was his unreliable companion as he made as much haste as possible from Ella’s office. The cane at his side was given a glare, but John pressed forward, determined not to let the throb win this round. So intent was he on this project, that people around him were more or less a blur, and kept going in a pointed rush, not noticing the man he walked past as someone he’d once known as a friend.
“Oh, don’t worry; there’s all sorts round here.” She dropped her voice then, more or less using an ineffective whisper to tell John, “Mrs Turner next door’s got married ones.“ Her right cheek dimpled with her delighted expression, but she must have noticed the change in Sherlock, because she touched his arm gently. “Do try to keep the thumbs from spoiling this time, dear.” Waving her hands about then, she ran her eyes over the improvements to the room, and bade them her version of goodbye. “I’ll leave you to it then, shall I? Dr. Watson, so nice meeting you. Make sure you try the tea. It’s a special blend Sherlock makes for me, due to my bad hip. It might help you as well…” She did a skittering action toward the cane John had hooked on the arm of his chair, then disappeared back to her dwelling downstairs.
John’s mouth almost falls open, and he doesn’t even know how to respond to this vivisection of his life in a few short sentences. Once he sees the anxious behavior from the younger man, he catches himself from shuffling awkwardly, and the hold on his cane loosens. He’s silent though, and that lack of responses stretches on a moment or two longer than is comfortable for either of them.
His friend was rewarded with an expulsion of breath and sedate nod of head from John, whose fingers were clenching on his own fine china, forcibly undone so he didn't snap the delicate piece of crystalline blue with gold etching. Extending the cup out to Mike, and clearing his throat, John made ready to go back to his own job site. "Thanks, Mike. I will take it under advisement." A bitter slant to his smile at first, but he made it warmer, handing the cup to the other doctor. "Give this back to him when you go in, yeah? I have an appointment with a pair of swollen tonsils in about fifteen minutes." He still used his cane, and once Mike took the cup from him, John was limping down the sidewalk toward the clinic. He didn't see the younger man on the other side of the teashop glass watching him, the confusion going through the blue-green eyes or downward pull of the cupid's-bow lips that had been keeping him awake some nights well after he went upstairs to his all-but-vacant bedroom.
A moment taken, and John smiles a little stiffly, “Yes, sorry, yes, Mike.” John offered his hand, although he wasn’t looking much more comfortable than he had before realizing who Mike was. “Hello, hi.”
“I thought you had a date, tonight?” Mike was quick with that though, and John inwardly swore.
When they got to the shop, he paid the cabbie, but only just. He’d been about to run off before the man halted him, and he pulled out a wad of bills without counting them. It was foolish, and he didn’t wait for change. Colder now, only a few degrees, but enough that he could see his breath when he swore when the cab pulled off back into the flow of traffic.
The ambulance team had to convince John to back off, albeit without much success, and it was oddly Victor that stayed awake long enough to see that matters unfolded as they did.
Mycroft picked up where Trevor, who now clasped his lover's hand in his own, continued the explanation as he ought. "But, with my rising position in the government, and Sherlock's need for someone to make sure he stayed clean, I needed assistance. So, I devised the plan that Trevor and Sherlock should pose as a couple, until such time as I was certain Sherlock was off the sweeties, and Trevor would be safe after his graduation. They were in the same program, and got along so well, that it was never really an issue." He didn't sound annoyed that it now was, but he was finally leveling his gaze pointedly at John.
The truth was, and Sherlock was acutely aware of it, he didn’t know how to go about being able to let the older man know just how much he already wanted to be his, how a craving had settled in under his ribcage that set his heart pounding, and made everything below his waistline alternately either tight and warm or too loose and prone to buckling. Even now, he could feel his increased pulse again, his breathing becoming a forced thing, and a raw edge sending spikes of electricity up his spine.
John’s are very different, the cobalt threaded with a darker grey shifting restlessly, and his throat constricts. “I got shot.” It’s a balmy afternoon, not hot in the least, but his thin plaid shirt and medium weight jacket both suddenly feel like too much. There’s a rolling back of his shoulders, tightening them.
“Christ.” Giving up on sleep, he limped the few steps to the desk, and took his laptop off the top of the stack boxed to his side. Sitting down, he booted it up, and stared at the blog that was basically an empty slate in front of him. Just a smattering of entries, him noting that nothing ever happened to him, a comment from military buddy Bill, two from his own his sister, Harry, and one from his therapist to ask why he missed an appointment. His fingers curled and flexed over the keyboard, and although nothing immediately sprang to mind as correct for making accessible to the public, he did input a short entry so he could say he’d done it.
"I feel I owe you, and my brother, an apology." It was a beginning, and he looked strained making the preamble, but continued. "I am sorry if my plans made years ago, have deprived you both of a life that might have been happier before now." He stopped there, unsure of where to go on, in a very unMycroft movement of needing emotional support of his own.
“Suspense, I think. Give your mind something to work on, and if you like that, we can try a different kind for a second feature.” Taking a glance over, he saw that Sherlock was right on the edge of the sofa, hands clasped, feet brushing against one another. “Maybe we could do with another pillow or two, and a throw or duvet?” Working on letting this be more open, he listened further, crouching carefully to insert the DVD into the player. It wasn’t until he heard Sherlock quickly upshot from the sofa and hurry down the hallway, that he attempted to get back on his feet. Dragging the television out further into the room on its stand, John brought up the menu onto the screen, and watched as Sherlock began creating a nest of his own duvet and pillows on the sofa.
Sherlock had becoming curiously still since the landlady’s arrival, the explanations and level of eyes toward John both ending, his hands tucking back behind him. He still looked just as sharp in that bespoke suit, but whatever John might have told him took a detour, as the doctor gave a reply and direct of his darker eyes to Mrs. Hudson. “Of course we’ll be needing two.”
Although they are walking together now, John hasn’t included himself in the question, but Mike changes that. “I took the afternoon off today, and need to go visit one of the local shops. Anniversary next week, so I thought we’d head that way.” A few steps more toward their destination, and he looks about the scenery, casually taking in the few people that have also left work early, the parents with strollers and young children hurrying to the playground nearby, and the pigeons that have taken over a section of the park. “Couldn’t Harry help?”
“Yes, goodnight.” Sherlock had more or less whispered it, but made sure he was smiling encouragingly, just in case John did try to give him a final looking over. Picking up his own used items, he deposited them in the sink, listening to John’s progress as he did so. Once the doctor was up the stairs, Sherlock was all arms and legs splaying widely, scooping up the pillows and throws so that he might race down the hallway.
Unlike the blonde, Sherlock didn’t make a sound, and John wasn’t taking further chances. Both Americans made it to the front just as John made out the blue and red lights of patrol cars, but he fired off his own two shots to get the knees of the men out from under them. One of them had been halfway through another step, and when the knee buckled, he fell into one of the tables with an accompanying crash of fine china.
The popcorn had been substantially depleted by the time they’d gotten halfway through the movie, but John wasn’t about to ask Sherlock to make more or otherwise upset their nest. He’d moved the bowl onto the floor near his feet, done the same with his empty glass, and remained steadfast as Sherlock would leap up in exasperation, falter, then collapse like a marionette with each change in the plot line.
“Yes, I like the ones with suspense though, the ones I can try to solve before the actors.” His brow crinkling subtly, he did an offside glance to John, then turned away to open the top cabinet where a canister with packets of popcorn were stored. “Do want more tea or should I pour something else? I put more water in the kettle, but if you would like something else to go with the popcorn, I can do that. And do want salt and butter, just one or the other or maybe some caramel or I can make sweet, salty, spicy…I have honey and cayenne pepper, and some garlic…” He was rushing through his words again, and quit breathing at the end, pinning all the oxygen into his lungs.
“Sentiment, Sherlock. He’s something new, and it provides you with a means to alleviate boredom. It’s hardly worth mentioning, much less fixing what is not broken.” There was more steel in Mycroft’s tone now, a refusal in that supreme way of his, that none should doubt his correctness.
“Was I supposed to?” John didn’t know how else to reply.
“I did accept. See, this is my hand, waiting.” Sherlock was like a leaf in the wind, but his hand pushing forward over and over to insist, was no consequence of the cold. When John didn’t put the ring on fast enough, “Please, John.”
“Sure thing, John. Let me know everything is fine when you can.”
“Umm…yes, I…I see.” And Sherlock did, for of course he noticed the change in atmosphere that had occurred as soon as Trevor entered the room, and the alteration of cool politeness that John was exhibiting now. Letting his hands drop, Sherlock collected his coat off the rack, draping the heavy Belstaff over his light frame and wrapping his pale neck with a matching scarf of woven blue. “Good…good evening D…” He swallowed a thick lump, and then hastened down the staircase, another slam resounding up the stairwell.
“Are you going to let me do this or not?” John smiled like Sherlock was silly, but also the most wonderful thing in the world.
It was only when he turned to start the kettle, that he saw John standing in the span between living and kitchen, arms folded and head tipped, a smile that even Sherlock could recognize as indication of fondness. For it was more than just appreciation, and Sherlock almost stalled out, seeing it directed at him. “I thought…the music, and your dinner, D…John.” There was the barest of winces as he said John’s name for the first time, fingers a little unsteady as he turned knobs and made final checks of the food, before collecting cups and saucers for their tea and dishes for their food. He didn’t try to make eye contact after that, and in fact was doing his best to avoid it.
Not wanting to keep Sherlock waiting, John made his way back downstairs, his gait off as he reached the bottom. Confirmation of his suspicion came as he limped into the main room, seeing the cane where he’d left it over the chair arm, the same chair retaken as Sherlock looked up at him across the tray he was carrying into the room.
Nothing to be done, not really, but his resolve remained. He’d fight. His brother. His husband. Whoever he had to fight, he would. It might be on foreign land, far from his childhood home, but he’d fight the man that was foolish enough to purchase the young man.
Still nothing, and after a few more moments of this, John left his place to make good on his words. When he did reach his room though, he left the door open, making it possible to hear if Sherlock called out in need of him or at least left his bedroom during the course of the evening. The directions had been given, and if Sherlock was awake to hear them, John was fairly certain the younger man would not disappoint.
John wasn’t at all sure he understood the situation, but after only a short pause, he was working his way up the seventeen stairs to the open door of the flat in question. “Mr. Holmes?” Wrap of knuckles to let Sherlock know he was there, and he heard the sound of bare feet on the hardwood, Sherlock appearing from around the corner to his left.
Harry and Clara’s wedding. John had no real interest in the festivities side of things, having just made it back from Afghanistan, if being a wounded man with no promising future in sight could be said to “make it back”. Harry had insisted that John be her Best Man, which while he still had to use his cane to be in the wedding procession, was better than trying to walk the bride down the aisle.
When the shop owner returns, he’s almost delicately carrying the box that holds the gift for Mike’s wife, the box a matte black with a simple thin pink line down the center, matching the canisters of tea on the walls. He rings the transaction, and finishes the sale before placing the box in matte black bag with pink handles, the receipt clasped in Mike’s hand before the men seem to recall John is even in the room.
“How did he go from being in an aquarium in one frame, to being outside their apartment in the next one, but still underwater?”
John waited a solid ten minutes, but got nothing in return. That was unlike Sherlock, at least as far as he knew. He could be at a show or, and John really didn’t want to think about it, he was too involved with Victor in some way in order to do something like reach for his mobile.
Although that had both rested earlier in the day, the combination of a good meal, alcohol, and safe company in a warm pile had resulted in both men falling asleep halfway through the second film. It was Sherlock, however, that awoke first. The DVD was replaying the menu on loop, but he didn’t dare turn it off quite yet, because he cautiously turned his face around to be able to see John without awakening him.
0o0o0o0
Sherlock’s skin went bleach white, which was really a feat, considering his normal degree of pallor when he wasn’t blushing. “I did, yes. Graduate early. I started university at sixteen.” Which left out the crucial detail of how old that made him now, and he didn’t seem to be racing to explain that aspect.
More database checking, all of it in a rush, but with such skill John could only stand back and wait. Sherlock’s vitals had been taken in the ambulance, but the doctor that entered the room and ignored John entirely, nodded to the nurse that was also now assisting when she ran them a second time. Heart monitor, oxygen level, blood pressure, temperature, all the basics. Blood too, bags of it already in a small refrigeration unit disguised as a bookcase, had been drawn out and set up to replenish what had been list. The second of two bags now hung on the stand, running through the needle that was taped to stay constant into the veins on Sherlock’s arm. Something about those veins though, and it hit home to John an instant later, that they had seen more needles than ought to be true of someone as healthy as Sherlock normally, outwardly, appeared.
Normally, John didn’t add his initials to his texts, but he also wasn’t going to take the time to analyze why he’d chosen to do so this time. Reaching for his cane, keys, and wallet, and slipping the latter into his jacket pocket, he threw the garment over his arm. The flat locked up, he was determined to make up for lost time, and hurried as much as his ailing leg would allow.
“You know that’s not true. You know it. Fix this…” Sherlock pressed his eyes tightly shut, almost choking on what came out of his mouth after, but he had to get his brother to understand. “You know this is different. Please…please, Mycroft. I need him to know. I need…him.” John wasn’t just a diversion, wasn’t just a lark.
Just a moment to hear the notes from upstairs cease, Sherlock then went into his special domain, getting the kettle filled, but not yet starting it to boil. He was not dancing exactly, but his feet were testimony to his freer feeling as he moved around the room. Drawing assorted peppers, onions, and mushrooms from the refrigerator before dicing them to either add to an earthenware bowl along with garlic and ginger or to the largest of his skillets for dropping in hot oil, he paused a second time for only a breath or so. Nothing yet from upstairs, but more to do, here below. Strips of well-seasoned meat, Sherlock began to grill, alternating between the three groups until they were ready for combining. His dressing down swirled around him as he toed about the space, making dramatic arm sweeps as he sprinkled in a bit of sherry, and so absorbed had he become in his quest to create this first meal for John, he almost missed the arrival of the man himself.
“I am going with him. He’s mine…he’s my responsibility. I am a doctor, fully trained, and I was in the army. You will NOT get me out of this vehicle, do you understand?” Had Sherlock been awake, he would have recognized John’s full-on Captain Watson voice, and been amazed by it. As it was, the medical team was more interested in getting the two victims to hospital, and just let John have his way with a couple of wary nods and shifting glances between them.
At that, Sherlock spun wildly away from the window, a hand raised and clutching at the air to his right. “What do you mean arrangements have been made? Who is coming?” His voice was tight, strained, and there was enough energy radiating off of him to cause even Mycroft to flinch. Because though he knew it was bound to bear no fruit, argue on, Sherlock would. He took a single step forward, advancing without it feeling to him it did any good for his cause.
And then later…
“Suits. Won’t be needing those.” The smile that set on his lips was a tight one, and he knew it, shaking his head as turned away from his own image. An aged steamer trunk was positioned at the end of the bed, the top flat, good for setting items on if he ran over the surface area available on the dresser. Curious, however, he loosened the strap that was unbuckled from the front, and lifted the lid. Spare bedding, another set identical to the ones already outfitting the bed, but this time in chocolate. Lifting one of the pillowcases, he ran his fingers over it, as he’d done with the drapes. Cotton, but the best quality money could buy, of that he had no doubt. Someone had gone to a great deal of trouble to make sure the room was done up well, and the bitterness washed itself off his face as he sat the case back in with the rest. Two more pillows were inside, a simple square one, and another of bolster style. He brought those out, dropped the lid, and sorted them against the standard pillows to finish the picture. A lingering backward look along the walls established for him that a series of antique maps and anatomical illustrations had been similarly framed, removing any feeling of the space being unkept or only suitable for a night or two.
“After my class is over” Sherlock had mentioned to John, leaving the former army doctor to consider over the course of the remaining evening, and all the next day, what course it was, and exactly how old his potential flatmate really was. Thanks to the confession from Mike after they’d left the shop, John felt he had a reasonably accurate read on the younger man, and it wasn’t as if John didn’t have his own store of experience to use in matters such as understanding communication complexity.
"Well, it's not an issue now. You have Trevor, things will be out in the open or however you want to sort them out between you, but Sherlock is mine to look after." John seemed very sure of that, and shifted his weight, chin coming up as he defied to Mycroft to gainsay this announcement.
“We already disabled the cameras in the corners, and the one under the counter.” A voice like steel, much steadier than Sherlock’s, and it belonged to someone older.
We can meet another night, if tonight is inconvenient. As I told Mike, I am difficult, and I really didn’t want to share the flat with someone young, from university. -SH
“Yes, and you’re John Watson. Army doctor.” The vision sounded impressed, pleased, and if John was honest, aroused.
The bedroom had been given full-length windows, running wall to wall, the frames painted light grey against the darker paper of Prussian blue. Only one had been allowed to go without the windows, and that contained a double mirror flanked by walls papered in a light dove, the mirror on a track that meant it could slide over, revealing the bulletin surface behind it. An option for placing notes such as how the darker cobalt of John’s eyes had hints of grey and even brown threaded through, a combination Sherlock had never seen in anyone else. As well, there was a space for how the light from the windows in the main room had picked up all the different colors in John’s hair, too many for even Sherlock to count. It would necessitate further study, though as he rolled his forehead against the sheets, his mind stuttered on the one notable feature missing from the bedroom space–an actual bed. Curling even more tightly in on himself, the sheets went from cool to damp, a few tears leaking out of the corner of the young man’s eyes no matter how much he was trying to stop them. “There won’t be one. There just…it was stupid, stupid, stupid.”
Turning around to where Mike is, John is cut short by the owner’s appearance, and that voice. Somewhere around six feet in height, and probably not much over twenty, the man behind the counter is nothing like John would have expected. His tailored black suit and blush-colored shirt say custom, but he isn’t wearing a tie or cufflinks, and there is somehow an effortless effect about it. The fingers that carefully set out the first of Mike’s choices are slim and elegant, obviously manicured. With the set down on the counter, his hands remain aloft, wrists turned in an outward gesture, and his fingertips partially bent as if he is about to change the position of the wares in front of him. The right hand lifts toward his lips, which John realizes consist of a ridiculously defined cupid’s bow at the top, and rounded fullness at the bottom. His hair is a maintained halo of dusky black curls, slightly too long for fashion, but in combination with his creamy complexion gives him the appearance of a classic statue. The young man’s eyes slant, and whereas John initially thinks they are also grey, he takes an unconscious step or two forward and sees that they’re in fact practically opalescent, caught in a shift from grey to green to blue and flecked here and there with amber. Set above the most sculpted cheekbones John can imagine ever seeing, the dense lashes around them flicker, offsetting the lightness of their irises behind him. Focus darting John’s direction now, the tap of a fingertip against that bottom lip ends quickly, the man’s head tilting to the side as he regards John.
When he changed into the t-shirt and pajama bottoms to lie down in the twin bed alone, he rested his hand against his stomach, huffing at the feel of extra weight at his midsection. Unable to stop himself, he mentally compared that against the very fit physique shown by Victor’s tailored green button down, and the even more trim figure of Sherlock. He caught himself from wandering down the road of pointless consideration of the dark-haired young man further, but it didn’t end the litany of reproachful comments his brain was making about himself.
It was a strange answer, and John almost said something about the thumbs comment, but the sudden shift in Sherlock’s manner drew an adjustment from John. He’d been on a battlefield with men similar in age to Sherlock, young men trying to come across as braver than they were, guarding their faltering dignity as much as any station where they had been assigned. A situation of two men in shared territory, but it didn’t matter that he’d not been the first one there to stake a claim. If he was correct, he’d have an entirely different stake to claim anyway. “Right, well. As long as I don’t have to worry about fingernails in my fry up, we should be fine.” He smiled, making sure it was pleasant and his posture was still easy, but there was a definite bit of steel in his eyes.
"Did they break up?" Mike wasn't letting this rest, and John could be angry at him now, if it meant they'd both have some peace when all was said and done. He didn't pin John with his gaze, but kept up his casually nonchalant survey of the local population dashing from location to location. "You know he likes you, John. Well, more than likes you. He might be free, and just not be able to tell you in a way that he thinks you'll accept."
“Of course, different things…work on different people, but…yes.” Sherlock still wasn’t making eye contact, but he wasn’t leaving John’s side either, and it took the doctor standing up and turning off the television for the mood to lift.
The first thing out of John's mouth was a hot remark, so he shut it down, not wanting to bite off Mike's head. Not the other man's fault that he was in this mess, well, not exactly anyway. He apparently hadn't known Sherlock had a boyfriend, especially one he'd been with for this long. "Two years, that's how long they've been together. I doubt it's ended on account of me, of all people." He hated this, this thinking of himself as less, and went on. "At any rate, I made a date for next week. Sister of a patient Sarah had in last week. We'll see how that goes." He wouldn't look at Mike now, knowing it was a cowardly move, but he couldn't pine away for a young man almost half his age, either.
John puts aside a few of his misgivings, with a mutually satisfying result.
John had gotten rid of his cane the very night he finally met Sherlock, and now he was cautiously doing down on his knee, lifting up a ring box. Sherlock looked at him, plainly startled.
“Oh, yes.” No distance at all for the shop keeper, gathering the bowl to then hand to John, and waiting until the doctor had it fitted near his hip before he offered him the glass of scotch. Once John had the glass in hand, he did notice that Sherlock took a moment to stare at the bowl, almost wrenching the focus of a defeat-filled pair of kaleidoscope eyes from that circle to the credits going across the screen. John didn’t say anything about it, but it wasn’t hard for him to imagine Sherlock there instead, nestled against John’s side, and readying for further enlightenment on the things the doctor enjoyed. Plain enough that was what had been tracking through Sherlock’s mind, but he’d see how the viewing went before considering it further.
Sherlock's voice was dim and scratchy, but John heard him without a problem, and his lips went from tightly thinned to turning into a glowing smile. The lines about his eyes didn't diminish, but the look of anger, fear, and determination became one of simply determination laced with utmost affection. "There we are then. We'll go back home when you're well, and be together. We can sort out the how and whats then, but I want you to rest, and recover." Inflection was everything, and John had his most direct voice in play now, not missing the slight enlarging of Sherlock's pupils as he heard it.
“Dr. Watson, it’s just a scratch. You must let the other experts see to him.” Mycroft, not sounding so smug, but not apologetic or unduly concerned either. Just very, very practical.
Clearing his throat, he used a solid nod, sipping at the hot liquid in a test. It was just as he liked it, and he started to ask how Sherlock had ascertained that, but decided to leave it for now. “Now, that is how you make tea. Thank you, Sherlock. And…yes…the room is perfect.” Before giving Sherlock a chance to answer, he did have one question. “Do I have Mrs. Hudson or you to thank for the linens?”
John took off his own throw to lower his legs, stretching both of them as he eased onto his feet, the sudden activity from Sherlock curiously endearing as the doctor limped off toward the DVD player and television to put in a new movie. There wasn’t pain though, and this was a gift unto itself, the limping just the standard loss of sensation from having ones feet raised upward for too long.
The cold was seeping into his bones, but there was a knock at the door. John went to answer it, his sister sweeping in, very inebriated. Clara had called twenty minutes later, but Harry was shaking her head, insisting without actually speaking for John to lie about her whereabouts. John didn’t. Harry exploded and left. John’s unfinished meal sat on the desk just across from his bed, and John fell asleep holding himself with his own hands, trying to keep his body and soul together.
“Betsy is incapable of bearing, you know that.” Ever the pragmatic was Mycroft, and it was entirely the wrong thing to say. “Now, as I was saying…”
“No! I tell you again, I won’t let you sell me off like I’m Betsy!” Their father’s prized mare, who while also considered quite a prize, was unaware her name was being thrown around in conversation about breeding.
“I know, but...Can I...” Then it all came out in a rush. “We haven’t spoken about us, and my not being with Trevor, and I just very much need to know, Sir...Am I yours? I mean...do you want me? I can’t...” His curls were in riot as he shook his head, his face contorted, and the suit would be a ruin, because Sherlock then semi collapsed to his knees, hands grasping tightly onto John’s hips as his own head fell forward to rest against the doctor. “Please, Sir. I can’t do this anymore. I need...please...oh, please.” He was shuddering, hands reflexively working against John, and his forward pressing more tightly.
John thinks he’s figured this all out, finally, and a smile is just making its way up one side of his lips. “I see. Well, Sherlock, I will see you tomorrow evening.” He hangs the cane on the edge of one of the tables, lifts his phone, and punches in the numbers on his Contacts app. The card is pushed down into the front pocket of his forest green jacket, and his cane is wrapped in his the easy coil of his fingers again.
John laughed a little, which brought Sherlock’s head up fast, but the doctor wasn’t making fun of the behavior. “This is the first home-cooked meal I’ve had in ages, and I can’t remember the last time I had a better fry.” He was shaking his head then, like it was something remarkable, and more or less dove into the meal with the next few bites.
There had been no reply to what John told Sherlock, but the former soldier had remained awake in order to be certain the younger man would be able to see himself as protected, when he did awaken. Foolish, but time seemed slower now, the adrenaline rush gone. It was now just John's mind playing over the events he'd experienced in 221B with Sherlock, adding in when he should have said or done something else to solidify their attachment to one another.
“Dr. Watson, this is Victor Trevor. We met at university…” Sherlock was gently smiling, but whatever else he intended to say was swallowed up by Victor’s enthusiastic nodding, and yet another interruption from his cohort.
December
John took his own time, letting Sherlock get re-acclimated, then put himself back into the same upward position as before. Feet left on the floor though, and maybe his hip was jutting a touch further in Sherlock’s direction than during the previous film as he motioned to his left thigh. “If you get tired…” Offering his leg as a prop for a pillow, a head of shiny dark curls or whatever Sherlock felt comfortable trying.
“I’m sorry?” John isn’t a stupid man, but his brain hasn’t had time to catch up with what is going on, and he noticeably checks Mike for explanation or introduction before turning his eyes back to the shop owner.
September
A bit longer, just for planning his strategy, and John rose from his chair to make the short trek down the hall to Sherlock’s bedroom door. He wasn’t trying to sneak up on him, throwing him further off, so it was just as well that he created a louder noise that strictly necessary on the hardwood, with the blunt tip of his cane adding a third element with each moment.
“Who was the first?” John gets the question out, but barely a second before Mike is smiling pleasantly, and opening the door to a shop that John had almost gone straight past.
And sure, John could have just asked Mike outright while they walked to the tube or contacted him later that night to find out, but he’d decided against that. He didn’t want to seem a bit too eager about the situation, and not even the prospect of getting out of his drab beige bedsit would really cover it up.
“My…My…let him be. He’s…he loves him. Tell him. Your fault. All…tell him.” Victor got this much out, before fear, exhaustion, and blood loss sent him under. He was on a stretcher and being wheeled out as the team pulled John off from his tending Sherlock, and the army doctor strained to get to his feet, leveling a quite direct expression at Mycroft.
John shakes his head, but he looks more relaxed than he has in weeks, and starts laughing along with Mike.
It was difficult to do, but John almost made himself parallel with the floor, stomach nearly touching the tiles as he slid forward to peer around the edge of the counter. The coat was restricting his movements, leaving them less than they should have been, but he was fairly sure he could defend the younger pair if it came down to it. The quad, for there were four present in the group, was in the left corner of the shop furthest from the front door. Sherlock had his back to where John was, hands up over his head, and Victor was likewise positioned next to him. Victor though, was on his knees, while Sherlock was still on his feet.
0o0o0o0
“Maybe, so. Maybe, so.” John was thoughtful, and Sherlock sat there reading it off his face, the lines of old sadness and pain reappearing now that he knew John was questioning his own worth. “Right, well. I’m for bed then. Goodnight, Sherlock.” John didn’t turn back to look at the younger man again, only rounded the edge of the coffee table, and picked up his used dishes to put in the kitchen before leaving the lower level to go up to his bedroom.
“Well, I expect you’ll be wanting to go to your room, and rest for awhile. Here is a cup of tea though, and here...” John picked up a small bell from within the table clutter, handing it toward Sherlock. “In case you need anything else.” His thin lips were in a smile, but that spasm was crossing through his chest again.
"Got my eye on a nice little place in central London. Together we ought to be able to afford it. We’ll meet there tomorrow evening; seven o’clock, after my class is over.” With that, the owner seems to be forgetting John entirely, all attention paid to Mike as the man from Barts nods and chooses the Eden pattern after all.
The condensation was clinging to the window as he gazed out, once in awhile a lazy drop finally giving into the pull of gravity, sliding down the pane to no doubt puddle somewhere along the windowsill where he could not make it out. The gray beyond that point was almost impenetrable, only an outline of the heavy concrete column that marked the edge of the drive, visible to the young gentleman that stood inside. It mirrored his mood, if not wonderfully. He did not touch the glass, but he could feel the cold coming off of it, and that –to his mind- mirrored what was happening with the older man currently speaking to him.
Seeing this, John sat back down, but maintained hold of Sherlock's hand. Still being direct, he looked again to Mycroft and Trevor. "He needs rest, and you can explain to me later how these two ended up being shot by two Americans in a tea shop of all places." He didn't say it, but the Get Out was more or less implied, and he nodded toward the door in case his tone of voice somehow wasn't enough.
“Oh, he hit his head in the car accident, and he’s dying isn’t he?” Sherlock did turn his eyes away to ask this, and John nodded to him.
“He can’t trust the weatherman? That reminds me of Mycroft, except he isn’t hearing voices.”
I will be there in 20 minutes. Mrs. Hudson is the landlady, and she is there already, knew you were to be coming. -SH
"Problem?” The owner of the shop is arching a brow, but he genuinely doesn’t appear to be sure, and Mike is already walking outside, checking his own mobile as he stands in wait out on the sidewalk.
It suited both men well, and made it possible for John to watch Sherlock further as he used his intellect and quiet charisma to entrance customers of all kinds, deducing what tastes they preferred, what sorts of lines they wanted on their dishware, and how much of everything they would need, before they'd even made it well into the shop. John couldn't help but notice that Sherlock was much more confident around these people, that he maintained a reserved politeness with them, and his voice never stuck in his throat, his eyes never dropped away in confusion or display over a stumbled phrase, because he was seldom wrong in his assessments. At first, it had been a troubling thing for John, because although he was silently pleased that Sherlock was fine around others, it did concern him that perhaps they'd never reach that level of ease. By the second week, however, he was considering himself fortunate, in that the young man he saw with the public was just doing his job, using the diversion for what it was, and that only John seemed to be able to engender any real warmth into the protective layer.
Still, once he’s back, the dialogue continues. "I play the violin when I’m thinking. Sometimes I don’t talk for days on end.” With the new choices safely positioned on the counter, the man resumes, one arm across his midsection this time and the elbow of the other side fitted against it so his lips are half hidden by the return of those lengthy fingers. At least, until he suddenly fires another round of words at John. “Would that bother you? Potential flatmates should know the worst about each other.” Strangely, the way the words are said varies from the almost skittish glance he gives John, and the subtle flush of color that stains his cheeks.
0o0o0o0
Switching the lock into place, Sherlock sank down onto his bed, grasping his hair to roughly tug on as much of it as he could grab. “Stupid, stupid, stupid.” The layout of his space meant that as he sagged down onto the navy-colored sheets, he could just see out of the window that sat positioned in the wall to the right of the door. The glass itself was textured, but the crank had been done enough so the brick wall of the flat across was visible. Not terribly interesting, all things considered, but he counted and recounted the bricks until he’d managed to get his breathing under control. His jaw ached from how tightly he’d pressed his teeth together, and as his hands drew off from his hair, he pushed at each side of his face to lessen the soreness. The cool of his fingers was pleasant against the heat of his face, but even after taking a few more moments, he wasn’t quite ready to brave going onto the common spaces where he might encounter John. Toeing off his Italian leather shoes, and dragging off his custom suit jacket, he didn’t pay much attention to where any of it ended up. Tipping sideways, Sherlock’s legs curled up toward his chest, his arms pinned between so he was as compact as he could possibly make himself.
Now, they stood in a private garden not far from the scene. Sherlock had stopped smoking, because of John, but he still had a habit of standing outside in the cold to survey the world in his own unique way.
Night had fallen outside, and since the kitchen light had been likewise shut off before the movie, only the light from the television was there to illuminate the features of his fairer companion. The colors running through his eyes were so absorbing to John, that the doctor only barely paid attention to the middle of the movie, and by the end Sherlock had managed to pop up and down so many times that his throws, pillows, and he were all much closer to John’s end of the sofa, than they had been at the beginning. The credits were rolling before the normally very observant Sherlock noticed his new proximity to the doctor, resulting in his hastily gathering his objects of softness, and edging backward to the opposite side.
Wrapping his knuckles on the door, he made sure to keep any doubt out of his voice. “Sherlock, you’ve not done anything wrong. If you can hear me, I want you to know that.” He waited then, but heard no sound from the other side. Nor was the door opened or even unlocked. “I’m going upstairs for a spell. Probably take a short kip. When I’m done, we should have dinner.”
“I have told you, repeatedly. The doctor says it will not do. The family line must carry on, and I haven’t the heart to do it. Father's will was very clear about the requirements, and we can't let the line die out.” Mycroft did not sound bitter, though he must have been somewhere underneath all that feigned indifference. The Ice Man, so caught up in duty, leaving room for nothing else.
John took a moment to let that settle in, deciphering what was going as the mixture of blue, grey, oatmeal, and not-quite-camo green were given their placements according to Sherlock’s mind, and why his own was kept in precise folds. “Military,” he murmured, and his younger companion saw the direction of his gaze, nodding a little.
The owner of the shop doesn’t bother with the other items, balancing the saucer with its matching cup on the very tips of his fingers, and lightly conveying the set back to the unseen room where he keeps his stock. Mike doesn’t attempt to strike up anymore conversation with John, who is now shifting from side to side, trying to keep his physical and mental balance on par with one another–and not having much luck with either.
“Listen, I am going to be doing a bit of job hunting, now that things are sorted. Work in a clinic or the like, so I can keep that Dr. title, but you really may call me John.” He’d tried this before, and he knew Sherlock hadn’t forgotten it, could tell the younger man was sharper than that. Giving it one more go, before he let the form of address matter rest along with the one of refunding Sherlock for the bedroom items.
Then too, John could have texted Sherlock, and asked. He almost did, twice. Thumb press on the back button erased the messages before he could bring himself to press Send. Sherlock seemed like a person that had a full life, plenty to do, while the offer of the further contact information was there for John in form of card and in his Contacts, he knew it was possibly just in case he was late to their rendezvous.
“Sherlock, we are us. John and Sherlock. Just as we’ve been.” But, what they had been was possibly not what Sherlock was asking, and John tilted his head to the side as he gave a closer examination of the younger man dilated pupils, uneven breathing, and clenched hands.
Curly dark hair that should have given him a cherubic appearance, but everything else so elegantly sculpted that there could be no question he was young, but a grown man nonetheless. If anything, the most cupid thing about him was his lips, which pursed a time or two as his long and proficient fingers pulled and sorted at an arrangement on the end of the gifts table.
“Blackwood?! Lord Blackwood?! But…but he’s an old man. He’s…he’s seventy, if he’s a day. You can’t be serious? No! No! I won’t do it. Do you hear me?!” Sherlock was vibrating now, and pacing in a short path that threatened the already somewhat threadbare Aubusson carpet laid over the overly polished hardwood. Fueled by the idea of this sort of abomination being put on him, he stalled on the worst of the worn patches, the red almost undefinable these days from the beige that made up the larger part of the pattern.
Gauging what next to do, because the shop floor was carpeted beyond where he was currently laid out, John edged backward. Careful of the underside of the counter, so he didn’t slam his head into the hinged surface, he sat back into the quiet space with the counter to his back. There was sweat pooling under the collar of his coat, but he hadn’t felt this alive in months, if one didn’t take into consideration when he was with Sherlock. Denim-colored eyes turned, ran their line of sight down the length of the rest of the counter, because if he could manage it, that counter would take him all the way to the wall and within just a few feet of Sherlock. Too big a risk, and Sherlock still wouldn’t be able to see him from where he was standing. New plan…
The second hit from his search had given him Sherlock’s own site, The Science of Deduction. A blog, it read much like the manner Sherlock had fired off personal facts at John. How could one determine a person was an airline pilot by their left thumb? As a left-handed person, John had looked at his own thumb, and been disconcerted that he wasn’t sure if it was due to a flattening of tissue, certain marks or if more pilots happened to be left-handed. He’d even searched and found a flight simulator program, but that hadn’t helped overmuch. Still, it was easier to come to one of these conclusions based on anatomy than it was for him to get anywhere close to figuring out how a person’s tie could indicate they were a software designer. There had been a forum on the site, and it appeared Sherlock answered questions about crimes of all things. Which just led to more questions for John.
After that, much of what happened was a blur to John. He knew the police came in, and he was aware Mycroft was with him, but he had flung the gun on the floor and practically ripped the counter’s hinged section to hurry and touch his fingertips to the side of Sherlock’s neck. A side-eye to Victor, who was still awake, a shoulder wound the damage he’d gained from the counter. The younger blonde was blinking rapidly, likely not awake for too much longer, and John did notice as Mycroft began their way, but he ignored them after.
Instant recognition, it was mutual. The young man was on his mobile, looking a bit distressed at whatever the person on the other end was telling him. It didn’t mean that he didn’t register John’s presence, however, and his spare hand lifted to touch at the window, mid-sentence.
“Enough, Sherlock. It is done. Arrangements have been made. We have a visitor coming, tomorrow.” Mycroft did not sound like someone that was winning a victory, and it was true that he did not truly wish to see his younger sibling unhappy. He did not appear resigned though either, and when he was in this state, there was no convincing him.
John shook his head slightly, noticing the level of Sherlock’s attention, and slipped the bread into his mouth. There might have been longer taken to eat it than was necessary, but he was smiling at his young companion, swallowing before he verbally changed the plan. “No, no it’s fine. Curious, is all.” Shrug of his shoulder, he picked up his fork, piercing the first lot of grilled meat, peppers, and onions, and groaning more than a bit as the flavor hit his tongue.
0o0o0o0
"And what if my little brother does not want to be looked after, by you...in a romantic capacity?" It wasn't a dare, but Mycroft evidently truly wanting to know, a line of worry creasing his forehead. Trevor squeezed his hand, but did nothing further, looking John's direction to see what plans John had to replace the one Mycroft had created for their group.
“I don’t know if you can hear me. I don’t know if they can, for that matter, but it doesn’t matter what they hear. I love you. I think you know that. I…I hope you know that. Maybe you don’t. Maybe I’ve been too caught up in my own misery, and haven’t looked after you as I should have, but…Well, that’s going to change. If you want it to. If you don’t want Victor or well…” He honestly didn’t know how to end that part of his thoughts, didn’t think being grim would accomplish anything at all, but not knowing what to say instead. So, he squeezed the long pale fingers clasped in his own, brushed his lips against the knuckles, and pressed his eyes shut to temporarily block out the sight in front of them. “Pull through…for me. Just, please.” Whispered, this much, and he waited.
Mycroft rang off and buzzed Anthea.
John was flabbergasted. “You dream of Mary? Nightmares?” He realised what the nightmares were about. “The shot.”
“Took it out with what?” Mycroft could just imagine the cost of repairing a hand made dress in silk taffeta after his brother had wreaked havoc on it.
“I tried to focus, you know, just get the job done so we could get to sleep? But the more he tried, the more I kept thinking about Christmas cake. In the end, I had to imagine eating one just so I could get off. Best orgasm of this relationship, let me tell you!”
They looked at the Christmas tree for a little while longer. “When is Molly and Lestrade arriving tomorrow?” Sherlock finally asked.
“No,” Sherlock whispered.
“With a seam ripper of course. Didn’t grandmama teach you anything?”
Mycroft sat down behind his desk and opened the latest report from his Swedish contacts. Still no sign of any disturbing posts on social media. That was a good sign, but time was running out. He had no hope either his brother or Dr Watson could comprehend the importance of their task. Sending Sherlock to the Nobel Prize dinner was very much like asking the proverbial bull to enter the china shop, and he probably should have left this matter to a more discreet agent. But he had been worried about his brother of late. He was not recovering well from the events of the past few years, and his separation from Dr Watson only seemed to increase his dependency on the man.
“Yes, with the climate crisis looming on the horizon, train is the only logical option unless in extreme haste.”
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
“Hello, Ms Hooper. This is Mycroft Holmes.”
Once John had left, Stockholm had turned ugly. The Christmas season became frantic as everyone tried to shop until they dropped, while the weather made the most of the fact that Stockholm consisted of at least 14 islands in the inner city alone, in a cold but not yet ice covered sea situated 59 degrees north of the equator. It was cold, it was damp, and the snow that fell kept melting to slush only to turn into ice overnight.
https://obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com/post/168682851273/fics-based-on-moffats-chickens-so-far
“You tried to make her stay with me so that I could be a father?”
No blood rushes through my veins
Mycroft leaned back in his chair, closed his eyes and sighed. Sherlock’s drug habits were his constant nightmare. A blush crept up on Mycroft’s cheeks. Well, they were his waking nightmare. His real nightmares were much more humiliating.
Sherlock took the glass from John and took a sip, his eyes not leaving John’s. Then, he slowly turned around and stood staring into the fire, cradling the glass against his chest as if he were lost in thought.
John couldn’t think of an answer, so he held out the coffee cup. “I brought you coffee.”
“Anthea, get Detective Inspector Lestrade on the phone for me, please.”
As John closed the door, Sherlock took a deep breath for the first time since returning home. Watching John leave cleared his lungs, and broke his heart in two, and he had no idea why.
The medical part of John’s mind had started whirring with questions and suggestions but tonight Sherlock needed a friend, not a doctor. To ground himself in the moment and to try to push the medicine away, he placed his other hand on Sherlock’s other shoulder. Sherlock tensed at first, but then relaxed again. It seemed to John that Sherlock was slowly melting into his touch, and he thought, irrationally, that they were becoming joined, that he could feel Sherlock’s emotions flowing through his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
This was a unique moment in time, John realised. Right now, they were in a magical place where all the regular rules for John and Sherlock, and for British males in general, did not apply. Tonight, he could ask the right questions, but he needed to ask them now, before the magic disappeared. Where to start? He thought of Sherlock’s comment about being an idiot and decided that he needed to know more precisely what kind of idiot Sherlock was - the naive kind, or the reckless kind.
Sherlock leaned back with a glint in his eye. “So you don’t want to give Sandra another go?” His tone was teasing, but his mouth looked vulnerable as he spoke.
should she send another text?
(See the end of the chapter for
“I want to for Rosie, if nothing else.”
Sherlock returned to his experiment and put his eye to the microscope. “Damn!”
“John!” Sherlock called.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
“Because otherwise you would be dead,” Sherlock said gravely.
I'm a writer who needs prompts. Right now, I'm trying to write one fic for each of my "Moffat's chickens", but I need more prompts! Want to help me? Come talk to me at obotligtnyfiken.tumblr.com!
(See the end of the chapter for
But tonight, he had endured the most embarrassing breakup of his entire life.
Sherlock came out of the bedroom, wrapped tightly in his blue dressing gown. He walked over to the sofa, pushed John’s feet aside and sat down.
“Fine. We’ll go to Barts.” John downed his whisky and turned on his heel, heading down the stairs towards the street.
Sherlock opened the cupboard above the toaster. He took out gloves and goggles, put them on and reached back into the cupboard for the bottles of nitric acid and hydrochloric acid. Behind him, he heard John moving into the kitchen.
Ever since that day
The fear disappeared from Sherlock’s face and a tiny gasp puffed over his lips. Then everything happened at once. John pulled Sherlock’s face towards him and leaned forward. Sherlock surged up and grabbed the back of John’s legs, pulling him up into his lap.
“Yes?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock’s shirt finally fell open and he shrugged it off his shoulders, slipping it off and throwing it over the armrest of his chair with false bravado. He quickly grabbed the bottom of his undershirt and pulled it over his head, but John couldn’t help noticing that Sherlock’s hands were shaking.
”Sherlock, when you went to Serbia, did you know that you might get caught or was it unexpected? He kept his thumbs moving slowly, trying not to scare Sherlock away.
Mycroft would never admit it out loud, but at night, he sometimes dreamt of Irene Adler. Not in the way that most people dream of Irene Adler, though. He lived in constant fear that he would one day nod off in the back of a car and say her name in his sleep. If he did, he would forever be plagued by rumours that The Iceman dreams of The Woman. He only wished his dreams were of the nature those rumours would imply. He neither dreamt of whips nor of sex, but instead of defeat and humiliation. In his dreams, he is winning her over in their little mind game, only to realise he has got the whole thing backwards and is standing in the middle of a crowded room completely naked. Everyone is looking at him, Ms Adler smirks at him and then he wakes up in a cold sweat.
“It’s a St Lucia procession. It’s a traditional part of the Swedish festivities leading up to Christmas. The Nobel Prize winners get their own private processions. Apparently, Lucia wakes them up in bed and brings them coffee.”
hand to lay against his belly.
“That's what makes me different from most Omegas.” he smirked and John returned the expression. It felt nice to see he could still do this; manipulate others without feeling guilty or any of that idiocy. It made arguing with John a lot easier.
“Here it is then?” John asked, his courage swaying a little as he watched Mrs Edwards disappearing behind the club's facade.
“Yes, there was a boy here, an Omega, he came rather frequently to meet an Alpha.” Sherlock began to explain.
Mycroft immediately picked up on John's attention shifting back to him and resumed his inquiry. “What are your intentions?”
“Yes, usually an Omega's growth spurts start after the first trimester, namely with the beginning of the fifth month. That's when even a small single pup starts making itself visibly known.”
“And we all know he will have to cut his shifts to be with you and fulfil your constant need for attention and then, where does the money come from? You don't seriously think your wannabe job has sufficed to pay those bills for a flat in central London for the past year? If not for me, Scotland Yard wouldn't even consult you. You do remember the arrangements
Confused, a bit shocked, but mainly taken aback, John made his way back to the main road to start looking for a cab to take him to Baker Street. He was pissed about being ditched like that, the police, of course, also had no further use for him, he was just a superfluous, old Omega. Stranded.
When they went to bed later that night, Sherlock shuffled close to John like he always did, although this time not with the intention of gaining sex from it. John threw his arm around him happily, kissing him lovingly until sleep was gripping at the pregnant man.
Sherlock, a little stunned by John's words, took the Alpha's hand and let himself be pulled to his feet. However, John broke contact as soon as Sherlock was up and just started moving – this wasn't really music to partner for after all, was it? Sherlock watched John for a second, the way he used his whole body, carelessly swinging it around, a lot less stiff than Sherlock would have imagined him to dance. Then he put his own body into motion, rocking along to the music.
He was introduced to Angelo, a nice enough fellow that seemed all too eager to hook Sherlock up with somebody.
“You're welcome.” he answered cockily and they grinned at each other for some time. He reached behind himself and handed John his bowl of soup, looking him deep in the eyes as he said "You may feed me now," feeling a little ridiculous at behaving like a child, but if it pleased John, why worry about it.
“Our wall says something different.”
The Omega looked down at his hands as he began to feel them stirring without his intend. “I want a fix..” he mumbled, more to himself than to anyone else. He felt the desperation travel from his hands to his mind. He'd been vastly underwhelmed with mental tasks lately and his brain was spinning out of control, thoughts washing in; thoughts he'd been trying so hard to shut out.
“We will find our way out. Have a good night, Mr. Holmes, Doctor Watson.” the man said and both he and his quiet assistant shook their hands before leaving.
“... Thank you...”
“My after is behaving like a waterfall, John!” Sherlock snapped back, then mewled in realisation he had behaved badly around his Alpha-
“As if you don't know.” Sherlock said, giving him an annoyed look.
A deep sigh escaped John as he was slowly tickled awake by streaming sunlight. He had known there had to have been a nick when Sherlock had offered the side closest to the door to him: it was closest to the window as well and the curtains weren't doing much to keep the burning light outside. Not if they weren't drawn at least. 'Rise and shine' it was, then.
When he lifted himself off of his mate, he licked the bit of liquid ice cream off his torso, dragging his tongue up until he got a kiss.
be to allow their pup to go out for such risks.
John lined up, leaning over Sherlock's quivering form, holding himself up by his hands on either side of Sherlock's shoulders and glared down into the pleading eyes of the most brilliant man falling apart right then and there. He finally pushed in, a fresh wave of sweat, and natural lubricant, broke out on Sherlock, his lungs forgot how to work for a second. There was something in John's eyes as he stared down into the widely opened ones of Sherlock, something Sherlock had never seen or maybe just never noticed as such in John before – maybe it were the hormones sharpening his senses for the Alpha, maybe it was simply an Omega thing.
John's eyebrows drew together and he smiled suspiciously. “I have blue eyes... Are you dating another Omega?”
The second part of chapter 8 - a walk, dinner and Omega topping Alpha.
“Mh, I hear being a parent can be quite a handful.” Sherlock replied, doing his best to not let his mind drift anywhere.
“I'm not naturally built for this!”
Sherlock looked back at him blankly, raising a brow. “There's always something bothering me, John. In fact, I think, it's something most people can say of themselves. Take yourself as an example, I can tell there is at least ten things bothering you at the moment and they are all connected to me more or less directly.”
“Yes, and I think you will remember that I declined, Dr Watson. My brother is to come home with me.” Mycroft declared, putting one of his 'pleasure not to do business with you' smiles on.
John took a deep breath, closed his eyes and grabbed one of Sherlock's wrists. “He's a purist. I could smell it, even on suppressants. At his age, the hormones are unbalanced and cut through th-”
“Not the ones I've met..” John replied, relaxing a little and draping his arms around his mate's body. He took a deep inaudible breath and looked up at Sherlock, mind eased. “Thank you.”
“Exploring your inner interior designer?” John chuckled, making mental notes.
“I relied on your instinctual longing to tell on me to Mummy.”
Greg and he watched the two Omegas through the one-way glass. No words had fallen yet. Mr Edwards was assessing the situation. John was assessing his weak spots. By the look in his eyes, Sherlock could tell John was going to try to break him. He knew he should have told Lestrade this, so things could be called off before it was too late or something, but he didn't want to deny John this. The Alpha had long suspected John needed an outlet for what seemed to be a lifetime of horrible events and while a psychiatrist would have been the safer option, the Omega didn't have money for one and he was guaranteed not to accept that kind of help from Sherlock as well.
“Well, I can hardly put on any of my clothes now they don't fit me any longer.”
Mycroft discarded that statement instantly. “I would, of course, prefer that my concern go unmentioned.” Simultaneously, John's phone chimed again.
John was looking at him with his large worried puppy-eyes and the Alpha felt like he was melting from the inside. “Sherlock, are you okay? Are you feeling a bit.. out of sorts today?”
Sherlock groggily raised his head from the side of the tub, a thick, red stripe along his cheek marking his error. “Mh. Much more relaxed, yes.” he replied in a barely intelligible murmur.
“I told you, I noticed. I
This seemed to do it for John, he pushed in, being locked safely by his rapidly inflating knot before he could pull out again, keeping Sherlock over the edge, but more adequately this time, bliss and an almost unconsciousness taking him away for what felt like the most wonderful idea of eternity, vaguely noticing the beautifully reassuring weight resting on his body.
He gave her a quick scan, made mental notes of her divorce and her drinking. “That depends entirely on what you would want from him.”
“No, I always thought that was a legend! To be honest, most people do.. wait. Does that mean you two are soul mates?! Bloody hell, I knew you were good for that man!”
Sherlock giggled in delight behind him. Who needed an Alpha when you had John Watson; half as tall, twice as dominant, fluffy as a kitten and viscous as a tarantula on steroids.
“Sherlock.” John warned softly.
“No, please.. I'm getting better.. Aside from... I'm mentally there again.. Please, don't...”
Basically, John was complex and complicated and if Sherlock understood a tat more about psychology, he'd build a whole new sector in his mind palace for the analysis of John's psyche. “No, you completely misunderstood-”
“So,” Sherlock restarted the conversation, feeling too uncomfortable in the awkwardness that had been the previous topic, “how was... your girlfriend?”
“No, listen to me. You are
Everything went fine, better than fine.
Luckily, this problem decided to sort itself out. Kind of.
Hey, guys.
“You caught onto their signs of child neglect, I think, as an Omega, you have an insight to this that the rest of us can't hope to ever achieve.”
The only answer John gave was sensual nuzzling of his jawline, down over every part of the Omega he could reach until Sherlock stood there, undressed and John snogging him senseless.
The guy sounded relatively young and stank of various Alpha scent markers. He detected at least a deodorant, aftershave and shampoo specifically designed to make pathetic Alphas confident in their virility and sex-appeal. “I was here before, but my Alpha just brought me back. I was lead backstage and told to wait by the dorms for you to let me in.” If he was lucky, this guy was new and would fall for it. Damn, he'd have to pick up work-outs again so he could apply his skill set from the army in situations like this. This one guy, he could take down easily, but if someone like that human house at the door crossed his path, he wouldn't stand a chance. He'd have to try his luck.
Yeah, I know. Told you!
It wasn't until they were sitting in the doctors office that Sherlock found his words again.
“Mh. You made me develop quite an appetite.”
“I hate to repeat myself, John.” Sherlock said in a warning tone, but not one that showed aggressiveness. Instead, it was one John found quite endearing, like a petulant child, striving to be taking seriously by the adults.
He rocked two rhythms.
He listened to the noises the wooden stairs made as he held the banister tightly, slowly making his way another floor up. When he arrived panting, he was glad to find a bed already in the room and immediately used the opportunity to sit down on it. Catching his breath, he looked around. The room was a little bleak and quite different from what downstairs looked like. The wallpaper was simple and white, while the ceiling was covered in wood panels, as was once fashion. John neither liked nor disliked that; he was just glad he was getting his very own room, with a bed and a closet that he couldn't even fill. He wasn't sure this was a luxury he'd keep for long, but somehow he knew Sherlock was different. Apart from the lack of interest Sherlock seemed to have for him, he was had a feeling of belonging around Sherlock and he was certain that the Alpha felt the same.
This had become quite the routine for the both of them to start the day. Even when Sherlock didn't sleep, he'd come to John in the morning and cuddle up against him in some weird fashion until John got hungry or Sherlock just felt he should have breakfast, so he could watch. And help. It was horrible, really: John had never thought he'd ever see Sherlock make breakfast; much less for anyone but himself. But it turned out his 'Full English' skills were rather decent and he even mastered a dinner or two. Snacks they relied on Mrs. Hudson for and brunch, if ever, took place in varying locations. Ever since Sherlock had revealed his rather peculiar relationship with food – everyone eats except him – John had gained three stone and it was marvellous! Just seeing Sherlock go crazy over feeling John's now very much hanging tummy weigh against him as he fucked him was almost enough to make him come from memory. And although Sherlock ate more these days than before even their relationship had become a thing, he just didn't gain any weight. His metabolism was straight madness! It seemed to thrill him, though, being able to compare John's gain to his own never-changing figure.
John, who had been drifting out of reality with new information, old information and a certain sleepiness that his pups had less to do with that the past 15 years of his life, shook himself as her words registered and got up hastily. “Oh, er, ta! Thanks for looking after them while I was away, as well. Can't really afford daycare for them yet.” He smiled at her in a mildly apologetic way.
, you wouldn't have to ask every single day.” John countered .
The Alpha shifted uncomfortably at the harsh words that sounded like accusations to his ears. “Of course, you'd notice. Recovering from so much crap and you still notice that I'm unwell – I should be flattered..”
“Nothing.”
he was doing, what the consequences would be – no, he had asked John to stay, when he'd had the chance to stop it all, prevent the worst.
John was ranting on as the officers walked him to the door, not resisting in the least. “You are disgusting and a shame for all Omegas! To put an innocent
He grew increasingly lethargic, staying in, wasting away in front of the telly. He wouldn't eat if Mrs Hudson wouldn't be positively feeding him up. Mind you, he was grateful for that. He had been underweight when he'd moved in and, regarding the progression of his pregnancy, he could never catch up on his current ideal weight, but Sherlock's landlady and, as John viewed her, optional mother made a point out of keeping him and his unborn pups alive. He was getting chubby. He knew it would be visible once he'd given birth. He knew he was disgusting and he felt it: A lazy, stay at home Omega, not doing any house work, sitting and eating, watching crap telly all day long. He wanted Sherlock to throw him out. At least then he could be angry at someone else.
John knew it was an instinctual thing; the Alpha part of Sherlock's conscience unsettled by a distressed Omega and wanting to comfort John for both their sakes, so he nodded. It felt nice. He hadn't had this kind of genuine concern in a long while and missed it dearly. He placed his hands delicately on Sherlock's waist, giving him enough space to move out whenever he wanted, but showing that his closeness was appreciated. His hair smelled of various products, their mixture undefinable, but pleasant.
To this, John had to agree. He let out a deep sigh and got ready to leave the house. As they emerged onto the street, he called after Sherlock over the sound of a passing motorbike. “Shouldn't we first look where he disappeared?”
The next thing Sherlock consciously noted, was waking up with a dizzy feeling and a frizzy sight. He's lightly nauseous. He didn't know why. He didn't remember eating something bad, he didn't remember eating at all for that fact, so what could have gotten him into such a state so quickly? He closed his eyes against the dizziness and tried to focus on what he could remember.
John, too, considered for a second. “You're welcome.” he said arrogantly, but with the warmth he would always turn toward Sherlock.
“Fine.” Sherlock lied. John didn't have to know. He had enough problems of his own. “Just woke up and was looking for you.”
“Oh, right. Well, you see my point, I believe.”
Ugh. “A teenager goes missing, having a habit of going out alone at night, especially an Omega. There's a clear pattern, don't tell me you don't see it.”
“John, damn it, I told you to wait for us!” Greg hissed, eyes giving away his deeply settled worry. He scanned the skinny figure positively clinging to the man with the careless look, the unimpressed features and eyes that could kill. “How is he?”
Right when the elder woman left, there was another pair of footsteps on the stairs, considering weight and pace, it was Lestrade. He was right. “Hello, John,” he told the kitchen,” hello, Sherlock! How's the case going? I need results.”
“You could just wash them.”
“Good.”
“If you stored
Omega? Oh, God. “I dearly hope you're not asking about the length of my cock..” John asked back sounding rather disturbed.
?” she winked at him.
“So, going for a walk with me tonight?”
Sherlock's stay in hospital turns out to be shorter than John anticipated. Then again, Sherlock was always a man of wonders to him.
“Because we want to go out for dinner later and if you retreat now, you won't be back in time unless I shake you. If I shake you, you get pissy.”
“And has killed men twice your stature for less.”
Sherlock had never told John exactly how he had worked around and managed to shut down the auctioning society that had held him. In general, Sherlock didn't share much of his work with him. He supposed it had to do with some sort of confidentiality, like the police didn't tell the press everything.
Sherlock failed to correct him on that statement. “No, I was just.. chatting. Meaning to ask whether you were still going for that whole
“Sex, John, I could take you sexually.” Sherlock elaborated in a manner that was supposed to tell John he was being especially dim today. “You have problems taking me because you think I wouldn't want it, but if I were to take you, I would be in full control and not forced to do anything I didn't want.”
As soon as he heard him, Sherlock twisted his upper body around to look at him innocently. As planned, John's gaze wandered to the point around which he had twisted: his belly. With this angle and the remnants of fat being stretched, the taut flesh stood out perfectly.
As if on cue, Sherlock shot back to dip his head into the toilet. He blindly punched the air behind him, trying to hit his laughing mate.
And now, here he was, carrying that wonderful man's pup. No, he wasn't an emotional person, but he wasn't dead inside. He just couldn't tell others because he rarely knew himself. But he knew two things for sure: He loved John and he loved their pup.
After a very short growl at the violence scratching his alpha ego, John immediately fell back into his useless, cowering self, looking up at his mate's brother with puppy eyes as he begged for forgiveness for... he didn't even know what specifically. Mycroft sighed a deep huff and turned around, pulling up a chair to sit in, trying to avoid accidentally challenging John by sitting in his territory right now. John felt the ill desire to bury his face in Mycroft; the familial scent altered, but recognisable in the older brother. “Stop thinking that.” Mycroft said strictly. John still wondered how the brothers did that. “You need to focus.” the man continued to urge.
His chest felt constricting, like it didn't leave his heart with enough space as it morsed down to John's own strongly beating heart. “I don't particularly like it..”
“But you do.”
“Well, there would be other effects, no? I can hardly imagine running around London, chasing criminals with a pup either cradled in my belly or strapped to my chest. And I don't suppose you'd appreciate taking it to crime scenes, although I can't see what would be so terrible about a child being confronted with death and dangers of crimes at a young age – teaches them early and prevents the delusion of a 'wonderful, fluffy, full of love' world-”
And so John let go, arching against Sherlock's body as it was already pressed against his own, choked noise dying in his throat as his cum hit their bellies where they were flush against each other.
it! What if something goes wrong? What if our child has a disability? What if it dies without even being born just yet?!-”
“It aches.”
“You are our only lead now. -”
“They are taking to long. Get him to a hospital now. We'll take your car.”
A sociopath confronted with love and a bond - confusing, isn't it?
right now, dear nature, not to spare a sociopath from it. Lacking empathy doesn't seem to be too much of a thrill when dealing with one's panicking Alpha mate.
But with Sherlock not touching him at all, acting companionable without showing any further interest for his persona whatsoever, John felt lost and just wished and waited for something bad to happen, just so he would finally know.
“It's very Beta.”
“I figured someone would come in if they thought I was asleep.” Sherlock said monotonously. He opened his eyes and turned his head to regard the tall blond man.
The other man knelt down beside him instead, grabbing his chin, tilting his face to himself, touching his forehead to check his temperature. “Pretty outspoken for an Omega. Bit rude, don't you think, to speak to an Alpha like that? Many would get you arrested for that.. or teach you a little respect..” his eyelids were pulled apart and Sherlock was looking right back into a pair of dark blue eyes, authoritative, but not unkind.
Sherlock's reflex to smile was near unnoticeable as the man focused on staying professional. “Lovely guess, but unlikely. Ask yourself: Why wouldn't the
Sherlock was, of course, referring to John's day off. The doctor still felt bad for breaking his promise to a child. Sherlock sighed. “Believe me, she'll be more grateful for finding her brother than keeping her secret.”
John licked his lips. “Yes.”
“That's biological. Especially Omegas release a lot more of the so-called 'happy hormones' during pregnancy to encourage reproduction. A habit that makes you feel good, is a habit that you're prone to keep.”
! And anyway, you know I won't fight back against you.”
Sherlock looked back at him with something akin to a fond smile in his eyes. “I will go to bed now.” he announced.
“Yeah, a laptop, why?”
The small girl was looking at him curiously and, as he returned her stare, he saw her imitating his expression. He concentrated for a second, then smoothed out his features. She looked surprised and then grinned uncertainly, as if trying to make him smile, but unsure if he'd comply.
“Hospital?!”
“Yes, Mycroft, I get it, I have accepted this fact by now – I don't have that big a problem with your proposals anymore.”
But Yvonne was charming and pretty and he liked the smell of her pheromones. “Maybe, heh. Don't know that I'm much of a catch.”
Sherlock listened for the door downstairs to close and got up after a breath that prepared him for the torture that was other people. It took him 2 minutes to get dressed, absolutely not in the mood to wear just his sheet. He went straight for the mugs and threw “coffee?” at Greg as he came into view.
“Sorry, I meant to say it all the time.”
“I mean it, John. I'm not going to let you go. Ever.” he said as in warning, staring up straight at him, showing his seriousness.
Yvonne bit back on a comment. “Well, I could come 'round to your place? I'm sure Sherlock isn't
“I may be eccentric, but even I wouldn't hope to overthrow a circle like this on my own.”
That is how, that night, Sherlock ended up pushing himself atop John, a fair make out session from their usual sleeping positions continuing. Sherlock could tell John was willing himself to relax, which, in turn, only made him all the more stiff, and not in the good way. ”Relax,” he whispered as he lowered his head kissing the spot on John's neck that was the equivalent of an Omega's scent gland. It didn't have the anatomy of an Omega's spot, but great sensitivity was a remnant of human evolution; not to mention that John really enjoyed the back of his neck being kissed.
Unfortunately, John thought, that had been the perfect step stone for Mycroft.“I'd be happy to pay you a 'meaningful' sum of money on a regular basis to ease your way.”
He'd been texting with his mate all evening until he told him to go to bed at around 11pm, which was responded to by a call from Sherlock, leading to their first ever telephone sex because he was missing him and he was just 'thinking of you, John and immediately got aroused, so find a restroom to wank in', which John did. It had been magnificent. Just hearing the sounds Sherlock always made gave him the opportunity to let his imagination run wild with pictures. Starting with Sherlock touching himself because he longed for him so much, passing the most cliché positions that John didn't usually allow himself and ending in him spread under Sherlock in the most Omega position of all: face buried and held down into a pillow, head just tilted to the side to let him breathe, but also giving him a fantastic view of Sherlock ploughing into his drawn up in the air arse, swollen belly gliding over it with every move.
“John..” the tight, dry sound of Sherlock's quiet voice said.
Sherlock didn't know what to do. John knew that and was content with just being held for now.
They were in the clear on these terms. John rarely brought one of his girlfriends home to actually sleep with, and when he did, Sherlock drove them out by just being himself. Both of them were living on suppressants as neither was ready for bonds or families, for very different reasons.
” the couple answered in unison. John found that strangely endearing.
There was a break in which neither really knew what to make of this exchange. “I don't get it.”
“I hear, and see, that you have finally 'done the trick'. Just two days ago, I was informed you had paid a
“John! John Watson!” The man calling out hadn’t caught John’s attention yet, but he stood up from the bench on which he’d been sitting, and waited until John turned around. Brown hair, closely cut, glasses of three shades of brown, brown trench, brown briefcase. No real flash of recognition on John’s face, the fellow explained further, "Stamford. Mike Stamford. We were at Bart’s together.” His cheeks are a rosy pink, the unremarkable blue eyes full of good intent.
Sherlock had done it himself, from memory. It was just lines and shading, but had it possessed the sandy blonde hair and dark blues eyes of the actual individual, it could scarcely be more important to the creator. His young man, as Mrs. Hudson had called him. Wearing his smart uniform from his time serving Nelson, and all the medals from his time in service to the crown. Sherlock had been twelve when he drew it, had met the man only a few times, but the soldier had never been forgotten. Five years.
“Well, boys. It seems like our time has come. Thank you for being such excellent…” Was all that the lead American got out, before John was up on his feet, aiming his gun at the other man.
Midnight. February 14th.
Scanning the front of the building, he didn’t head for the door. The lights were all off, except for the pink sign in the window, and one over the counter by the register. Beyond the midway point of the shop, he couldn’t see the interior, and he wasn’t going to just barge in without knowing the situation.
The air is cooler than outdoors, and John stops a few steps offside from the entrance. Despite the improvement in the temperature, he has to take a moment to just breathe. Once he’s got his bearings, his eyes make another brief surveillance of the interior, then he takes his phone from his pocket to check the time. He keeps it loosely in his grasp, turning it over and over, a gesture of restless uncertainty more than a need to keep the piece of technology available.
"Is that what?” The owner, and now all of that considerable focus is aimed directly at John, but he looks just the smallest bit bruised in feeling. He sidles up next to a coat rack in the corner of the room by the display window, and take out a business card and pen from one of the pockets. The card is flipped over, and he scratches a number onto the back, offering it to John.
Clara’s Maid of Honor had tried to flirt with John at every turn, probably due to some notion that people in the wedding party would always pull. John managed to put her off with a few half smiles, and far too many drinks. Pain was radiating through his leg, and his limp was more pronounced than it had been in weeks. He was unaccustomed to being caught off guard, but it was when he made his way to the bar for the third time, that he’d seen him.
Checking his phone to see if he’d somehow missed a text from the shop keeper, despite knowing he hadn’t since he’d checked it half a minute before, he started going through his texts and touched on the number for Wendy. Ringing on the other end, and he wasn’t even really sure what all he said by way of explanation, but here he was now dressed for a date he’d cancelled. Trying Sherlock’s number, it didn’t even ring. Went to voicemail, which had not been set up, so he texted him one more time.
It’s then that Mike swivels a look John’s direction, a smile playing along the sides of his mouth that John can’t read. “I dunno – get a flat share or something?”
John moved out of the bedsit on the 30th. Officially, he’d decided well before that, but he didn’t want to leave the landlord in a lurch.
In the dim light, and in repose, the lines on John’s face were much lessened. Although Sherlock liked their presence normally, without anyone the wiser to see it happen, Sherlock almost let his fingers touch the locations that were smoothed out. Curling his touch away, his hand tucked up under his chin instead, but he let his own eyes roam over the prominent brows, heavily-lidded eyes, and upturned nose of his companion. Down further, the crease of lips and determined chin, then the wide shoulders and still muscular arms. John’s chest, with the rise and fall of steady breaths, not shaken by nightmares right now. What of his stomach was visible, not steel hard, but with a minor overlap that spoke of his age, time inactive since leaving the service, and tempting to Sherlock as resting place with which he might eventually be able to come into contact.
“But why me, Mycroft? You are the Lord now, with father dead. I’m nothing. Just the second son. I inherit a small parcel of land from mother’s estates when she passes, but beyond that all I have it whatever dowry you can peace together from what is left of the money we DO have.” He was bristling, trying to fight off his only sworn enemy. The agitation has given his normally low-pitched voice a breathless quality, and he hated how childlike it sounded to his ears. For all that, right now he hated his own brother more, the man that should have been looking out for him, not condemning him to this hateful scheme. It was a circular argument between the pair, and ongoing battle that had really extended to the length of a war, and the young man was on the losing side.
Be there soon. -JW
John giggled, but stood his ground. “Not until you accept.”
He’d been to his therapist earlier in the day, and she was still trying to encourage him toward writing a blog and maybe attempting a social life. John wasn’t willing to do either, not just yet. In the back of his mind, he kept seeing that vision.
“Yes, I think I could be quite comfortable here.” John didn’t add “with you” into the words, but he was trying to get it into the inflection of his voice, lifting the edges of his lips to give the words a further measure of meaning. Pressing a hand against the chair of the arm then, John gained his feet, and gestured to the tea and muffins Mrs. Hudson had brought them. “If you’ll pour a cuppa for me, and put a couple of those muffins on a plate, I’ll just go inspect the room. I don’t have a lot to bring over, but I want to see if there is anything else I might need.” In a way, it was a method for getting nourishment, since his appetite was back. In a secondary way, it was a gauging of sorts, John interested to see what Sherlock would do with this direction.
“He’s not your young man. Yes, I know.” And there it was. Another detail that Sherlock had managed to keep under wraps to all but the kindly woman before him.
John wasn’t sure if there was more coming or not, and had the feeling something was being left out, but his question came out more direct than might be comfortable for the younger man. “And do you? …Need a diversion, to keep you out of trouble?” The doctor’s chin lifting, he was plainly assessing the situation for himself, as both a professional and as someone that had no reason to rely on the decision made by a man he’d yet to meet.
“That really isn’t necessary, but I’m not usually a man to turn down a good meal, and you appear to know your way around a kitchen.” John was going for an easy comradery, at least for now. Approach, he was all about it currently, and decided to take another firm, if careful, step. “If you don’t mind me saying, you look a bit young to be a graduate student. Graduate everything else, early?” Yes, it was time to determine exactly what he was working with or at least as much as possible.
February
Christmas had come. Harry and Clara were splitting up, and John wasn’t surprised, but they had planned a party before the decision had been made and decided to carry on with it. Dressed in a frankly wretched beige and pea green jumper his sister had purchased him last year, John barely looked in the mirror. He was dressed with jeans and his boating shoes besides, his hair wasn’t sticking up, and his breath didn’t stink. That was enough for him.
This time, John doesn’t bother to hide the derision from his voice. “Come on – who’d want me for a flatmate?” He isn’t meeting Mike’s eyes this time, keeping them strategically forward on the turn just ahead. Old habits, he’s still accustomed to wanting to be in control, and the temporary forgetting of this that had led to his meeting up with Mike are again at the forefront of his mind.
The man’s hand was up, but he was across the street, and was interrupted by a group of officers to whom it appeared he was spouting something quite vehemently. His patience gone, over what, John could not know from this distance. Unable to tear his eyes away, and possibly hoping he’d have a chance to say something, John stood alone.
Trevor sighed, but did the explaining that would change everything. "It's like this, Dr. Watson. Sherlock and I were never together. Mycroft and I are together, but Sherlock had a drug addiction problem two years ago, and to protect us both, Mycroft had us pretend to be a couple." He paused, but then went on to help fill in the initial gaps in the explanation. "Sherlock and I did meet at school, and we did hit it off, but one reason was because we both prefer men of a certain age range, and a certain take-charge attitude. We tried going out on one date, and it was a disaster, but we discovered our mutual taste, and became fast friends. He introduced me to Mycroft over the Christmas holiday that year, and by New Year's, Mycroft and I were a done deal. But..."
