Eventually, Steve had come out of subspace enough that he could tell his wrists were rubbed a little from where he had pulled too hard. It was almost healed, but the fact the he could even identify the slight pain was a sign that he was coming up. Tony noticed him shift and grinned.
“I wouldn’t be calling you if I wasn’t gonna keep it, Mike,” Tony scoffed, even though the idea of keeping and raising a baby hadn’t even fully occurred to him until he said it. But he knew at once that he would keep it. Of course he would.
so he sits up and pushes Steve's shoulders until he's laying back on the bed and very very slowly starts licking and kissing down Steve's neck and chest and down to his waist.
This seemed to settle the soldier only slightly, and he did not cease his catalogue of Tony. He knelt down to run careful hands over Tony’s jeans, tracing the shape of his knees until satisfied they were unbroken and strong. He lifted the hem of his shirt, ran his warm, dry palms across Tony’s unmarred stomach as if to reassure himself. He stood again and pressed Tony into the wall, scanning his face for any signs of pain. When there was none, he manhandled Tony’s arms around so he could see that there were no bruises or wounds.
Steve drew in a shaky breath, forcing himself not to let it out in a needy whine. It had only been five minutes, maybe eight, but Steve was so close to disobeying his order to stay still and stop squirming like a child. He was hyper-focused on what Tony was doing, how unbearably light his touches were, how his calluses caught painlessly every once in a while. The delicate skin of his sac could easily start to feel raw, given the near-constant friction, but Tony was being so gentle even as he wound him up ruthlessly.
“You,” Tony breathed, and, wow, suddenly Steve could taste Tony’s breath, and when did they get so much closer? And then they were kissing, Tony’s expert tongue leaving teasing licks along the seam of Steve’s lips until he opened them with a sigh.
“Yeah,” Steve admitted shakily, his heart ready to pound out of his chest. “I’m pretty gone on you.”
Steve flexed his grip on the headboard and tried not to groan his disappointment. Tony caught it anyway, and smiled beatifically before returning to his task.
Steve sinks down like a pro, never slowing, his channel a vise. Tony has to gasp for air like a fish, breathing though the urge to come immediately. Not very attractive.
“Can’t wait to take you into me,” Steve rumbles. “You feel amazing in me, every time. It’s addicting.”
They find some hiking trails in the Blue Mountains that have horseback tours, and Steve looks like he will cry if Tony doesn’t come with him, so they end up on horses for an hour. Tony complains of back pain. It backfires, though, because Steve refuses to touch him until he’s feeling better. Tony grumbles under his breath, pressing his boner pointedly into Steve’s hip until he falls asleep.
They stayed in bed, with Steve cuffed to the headboard and Tony curled around him. Tony stroked at Steve’s arms to encourage blood flow, and talked quietly into his ear about how good he had been.
Steve whined, and it was a plea, not for anything in particular, but somehow Tony understood anyway. The hand that wasn’t holding the vibrator in place on his swollen balls came up again to Steve’s mouth, and he opened gratefully. This time, Tony’s fingers thrust against his tongue, and he lay passive and drooling all over them. He couldn’t tell for sure, but he thought he was still making plenty of gasps and groans for Tony.
“Go right ahead?” Tony agreed, sounding confused. “I told you yesterday I was just fine. You worry too much.”
This ficlet has religious undertones, so if that type of stuff bugs you (discussion of gods, demons are mentioned, etc) then maybe skip this one.
Clint stood still in pure shock for about ten seconds before continuing on his way. But he didn’t leave before Stark’s mind flitted to imagery of Steve in soft, cuddly pajamas, not at all sexy, just warm and comfy. He sighed into his cup of coffee as Bruce pointedly changed the subject and Clint ran for his safe room.
and he leans forward and nuzzles and mouths at Steve's cock through his sleep pants until he's hard and wet and Steve is running his hands through Tony's hair
Tony slowly swallows down more and more of Steve until Steve can feel his chin bumping against his balls and Steve can't do anything but gasp and pull at Tony's hair
“Okay,” Mike agreed easily. “Standard rules apply, then. No alcohol, no fish, and you gotta quit caffeine cold turkey. I mean it.”
“Still, it’s nice to see that gold again. You think SHIELD would let me stop dyeing?” Steve chuckled sardonically. “If you had white tips, we’d be pattern matches. ” With that, he walked away, shooting a kind grin over his shoulder.
The quickest way to Oklahoma City is straight east, then straight south. Tony complains that this is the most boring leg of their trip yet, and even Steve has to admit that Kansas can’t compete with the days of mountains they just experienced. Still, they make decent headway, and by the time they hit Wichita they’re seeing some changes to the landscape. There are trees, finally, and grass that doesn’t look out of place.
This time, Tony felt under his sac to press against his perineum with a feather-light touch. It wasn’t to give Steve pleasure, just to remind him that Tony could, that if he strayed a little lower, Steve would be unable to keep himself from coming on Tony’s fingers jamming into his prostate. Then his hand slipped up to cup his balls and weigh them in his palm.
Tony has lived without any soulmate for forty years. Why should he be bothered now that he knows who his soulmate is, and they don’t want him?
With that, Steve was coming against Tony’s leg, crying out around his mouthful. This sent Tony careening into orgasm right behind him, moaning so loud that he was sure the whole base could hear him. He held Steve close, with his nose buried at the base of his cock, until he’d finished coming down his throat.
Around four o’clock, the system was optimized, and Stark yawned and scratched his belly. “Alright, team. Good work. I’m gonna go crash for five hours, I have to catch a flight to Sydney at ten.”
“Coffee, oh thank god.” Tony stole the mug out of Steve’s hands, tilting it back to swallow half of it in one go.
stings. But Tony soldiers on. They have work to do, and he can’t waste time worrying about how Steve might react to being stuck with Tony as his other half.
Now, his wings were tattered and broken. He’d woken up in Afghanistan, pinioned and dirty, his long primaries cut, snapped in some places. He would never fly without the armor again. Even today, he kept the lower half of his wings covered by the advanced prosthetic he invented. His ugly, white primaries never saw the light of day.
“Call him,” Mike suggested. “If he’s unavailable, call your friend Colonel Rhodes. Sit down and talk it out with someone, decide what options you want to consider.”
“Hey, Steve,” Tony breathed, and for the first time since that morning, it felt like he was getting a full breath of air, even with Steve wrapped tightly around him.
“Steve’s due home today,” Tony admitted, trying not to sound like he was ready to chew off his fingernails.
In retaliation, Tony ducked down and licked one of the nipples he’d been abusing. “You love it,” he snarked, then latched on to the nipple, sucking and swirling with his tongue. Steve moaned loudly.
The second one got the same treatment a moment later, and now Steve’s cock was leaking precome all over his stomach, though his prostate nor his dick had been touched once since this morning. He tried to even his breathing, but forgot why that mattered a moment later when the cold lube was slathered directly from the bottle onto his aching balls.
Tony reaches behind himself and lines himself up, and Steve thinks Tony is finally going to sink down, that Tony's heat is about to swallow him up, but instead Tony stays there, rubbing the head of Steve's cock against his rim and stares down at Steve, eyes bright with lust
"Don't come," Tony whispers, before lifting up until just the head of Steve's cock is resting against the rim from inside, and slams back down
“Mm!” Tony tried to muffle his yell. “Not, not until I—ooh! Until I come. I want to come with you, beautiful, knowing you got off on this, on me.” The armor was fucking him faster and faster, the vibrations so strong they ricocheted up Tony’s spine. His cock was leaking precome all over the armor and his own belly, leaving streaks of clear wetness everywhere. “M’ close.”
Later, after the fight was done and the aliens had destroyed half of New York, Rogers cornered Tony in a SHIELD conference room post-debrief.
Tony reached up to brace a hand on his shoulder, refusing to let Steve turn away in shame. “Iron Man? Or, or me? Tony Stark?”
He went to his side table and opened the top drawer. It held a few bottles of lotion and massage oil, scented candles, and even scented lubes. In their sixteen months dating, Tony had convinced Steve thoroughly of the benefits of hedonism. Repeatedly.
you again.” When Steve groaned in agreement, he laughed. “You want to be on my knot all day, want me to use you and fill you up. That what you want, honey?”
Clint opened his mouth to correct the assumption that Stark had been having a sexual fantasy, but then he closed it again. What was he gonna do, tell everyone here that Stark had a giant man-crush on Captain America? He saw Stark’s eyes go solemn with gratitude.
A thought occurred to him as he made his way back to his room. Iron Man had said Tony had taken two cars to the airport, because he liked to travel with options. But Steve had rushed through the garage to his bike, when he was on his way to the battle. He’d seen which cars were there and which ones weren’t. And the only car that had been missing from Tony’s impressive lineup was the one whose burned-out husk was probably still smoking out on the street.
“Shhh, shhh. You’re okay, Steve.” Tony soothed. “You’re doing so well for me, honey. Look at those glutes pumping.”
Natasha raised a pointed eyebrow at them when they returned to the quinjet to fly back to the tower. Steve was red as a tomato, and Tony was smug as a cat. They held hands the whole way home.
Steve almost snorted. He was a soldier, trained and perfected, and he knew how to keep still when the situation called for it. But he let his hackles down. He knew Tony wasn’t humiliating him, only praising him, and the praise was honest. When he finally let go, he was surprised to find that it settled him, and Tony’s clear approval allowed him enough control to relax more fully into the teasing.
The wound from the attack was nearly healed, and Steve skated around it with light fingertips, checking Tony’s face for signs of pain or discomfort. Finding none, he ushered them to the bed and let Tony have a turn undressing him.
and Tony doesn't say anything, he just walks slowly over to Steve and pushes him until he's sitting at the foot of the bed and Tony is on his knees between his legs
“Do not apologize,” Tony scolded. “That is the last thing you should be apologizing for, and, hold on, just how big are you?”
Wet silk was the most oddly sensual thing Steve had ever felt. It clung to every crevice of his skin, keeping his mind fully aware of every quiver his muscles made and every breath Tony let ghost over his skin. It was all-consuming, keeping him at the mercy of the moment and of Tony.
Steve’s fingers withdrew. Tony saw him reach for his fly and take out his hard cock, rosy and shocking against the deep blue of the uniform. This checked so many of teen Tony’s fantasy boxes, he could hardly believe it–rough sex with a blond in a Captain America suit. Naked, while Steve was clothed. Biting pleasure so intense he cried.
More tiny sips of water were given, then Tony knelt up to fiddle with the restraint rig above Steve. “Hold still for me,” he ordered, before lowering Steve’s hips down until his weight was completely on the bed. He groaned at the amount of contact his poor cock was experiencing, after so long with only silk and air.
“Tony,” Steve moaned. He threw an arm over his eyes so he wouldn’t have to meet the Alpha’s knowing gaze.
Tony huffed, shoving his Chinese food carton aside and getting up to pace the length of the room. “You would be. The things I haven’t told you, that I know you would think you need to know. But, God, Steve, I just can’t. Not again.”
This first kiss felt almost feral, though it was one of the sweetest they’d shared. Their lips met and parted, and met again, as if dancing to a beat only the two of them understood. It felt primal and rare, a blessed moment.
So, if every once in a while, he let his mind wander to what Iron Man’s private life looked like, well. It was partially the crush and partially the intrigue; the possibility of getting a glimpse under all the burnished metal. Anyone would be curious about a man that never showed his body at all, let alone his face.
Steve arched, screaming out in pleasure as the sudden overwhelming friction cascaded through his nervous system. So long with nothing but silk had sent his senses into overdrive, trying to wring his pleasure from nothing. Now, the texture of Tony’s hand was almost too much.
“Give our Captain thirty minutes or so. I have a feeling he’ll skip the debrief tonight. Romanov and Barton will be staying on base.” Tony appreciated that about Coulson. He didn’t like letting his people out of sight either.
Tony let him do all this with an even calm. He knew sometimes the mission left such a horrible aftertaste in Steve’s mouth that he had to reassure himself that the ones he cared about were unhurt. This one must have been bad, judging by the still panicked look in his eye and the way his hands still searched frantically across Tony’s body, even though he’d checked everything.
Tony sighed, and begrudgingly followed Cap down the hall. “If this is about the blast radius, I told you I was fine. The armor barely got dinged, and—hey, where are we going?”
Tony had asked if there was anything new Steve wanted to try. In the bedroom. They’d been dating for almost a year and a half, and while Tony had never been shy about his own kinks, Steve had brought very little to the table that wasn’t vanilla. He enjoyed indulging Tony in his fantasies, loved seeing his partner satisfied. If that meant he’d let Tony tie him to the bed and ride him like he was a prize stallion, well, he sure as hell wasn’t going to complain.
Steve has real tears streaming from his eyes, and it hurts, hurts so good and Tony isn't faltering, Steve is still hard and so sensitive
Tony stays quiet and lets the moment sit with them. Steve knows about his own daddy issues already. He’d found that, when Steve referenced his catholic background, it was best to listen and learn, and not try to understand.
Steve tried to scoff, but he was too tired to commit to it, and instead he pressed a sleepy kiss to Tony’s forehead. “Did you…”
Tony couldn’t turn his head to see Steve’s face, anymore, but the gurgling noise he made sounded positive. “I thought so,” he crooned, leaning forward into the armor’s grip to slim his air supply, just slightly. Just enough so Steve could hear it in his voice. “I thought you might like to see the reminder. See what Iron Man did to me.”
The next morning dawns rainy and dark, but everything seems almost magical in the cloud cover. “We didn’t have any rain in Washington,” Steve points out, handing Tony a mug of hot tea. “We were past due.”
When he met Steve Rogers, Tony eyed his red, white, and blue wings suspiciously. Their pattern was similar—Tony’s red was maybe a little darker, but it fell in the same places on their wings, down to the white tips. The major difference was Rogers’ deep blue down, covering the underside of his wings. It was so pure and solid, Tony loathed to compare his now patchy gold. He shook his head.
Steve winced to hear Tony explain it so cavalierly, but powered though. “You stopped recently, though. You stopped yourself. So you’re…are you doing better?”
Tony finally had the frame of mind to pull back enough to meet Steve’s eyes, but he couldn’t find it in himself to let go completely. “You’re serious, right now,” He confirmed, “You’re not—don’t mess with me on this, Steve, I can’t—”
“You’re so desperate,” Tony agreed, petting at Steve encouragingly. “Look at you, dragging me aside in the first free moment. Did you even pay attention to debrief? Or were you doing your best not to eye-fuck me in a room full of our respected colleagues?”
It didn’t help that Mr. Stark had the same sense of bold humor as Iron Man, and that he was physically
“I’ve never been so happy,” Steve murmured. “I’ve been thinking about you, ever since the invasion. God, Tony, I am so gone on you.”
This was one of those times where Tony was on his knees, pressing Steve’s hips into the wall of a supply closet with one hand, and using the other to guide his prize carefully between his teeth.
“I love when you make sounds for me,” Tony said, tapping lightly on the spot he just licked. “It’s so rare I can get you to lower your walls enough that you aren’t embarrassed. What a treat.”
“I can’t stay,” he would explain apologetically. “I’m too heavy for the furniture. Besides, I’m technically on the clock.”
“How are you? Brenda and the kids? I saw the photo of you all at the Grand Canyon last month, very charming. All American vacation, my husband would be proud.”
Iron Man stumbled and was dragged onto the jet, and Steve set him down as carefully as he could manage. “I need to find Tony,” he told Clint, who was already readying the jet for liftoff to bring Iron Man back to the tower. “He’s the only one that knows how to help him.”
Eventually Steve felt his second orgasm cresting. He tried to warn Tony, to open his mouth and speak, but he was lost, lost in the ocean of sensation.
“Too much, too much,” he whined, wriggling in earnest to get away. Iron man thrust one more time, imitating orgasm himself, before stilling as deep in Tony’s ass as he could be. The slow thudding vibrations clicked off a second later.
After that interaction, the popsicles showed up everywhere. Tony brought them to debriefs, team meetings, and movie nights. He even grabbed one first thing in the morning and ate it with his coffee. His lips were constantly stained blue or red, drawing the eye. As if Steve didn’t struggle enough already not to stare at those lips. Tony was a teammate, not a love interest, Steve told himself firmly.
Stark, though, who had practically invented sarcasm, only grinned back unashamedly. “You know me. I always manage to find a bright side and twist it to benefit myself.”
“I may have done some digging in my spare time,” Tony answered innocently. “Found some cool spots that even I’d like to try. Washington, Nevada, Arkansas, Indiana. Florida.”
After a quick look to confirm no one else was in the elevator, she raced back over to Fury’s office, ripping the door open. Sam was grappling with Ward, the men trying to land a hit on the other. “You can’t win,” she heard Ward say. “HYDRA will always survive. Cut off one head, two more- ”
Tony froze, breath stuttering in his lungs. He grabbed at the sides of Steve’s face, hopeful eyes darting between the endless blue pools that stared back at him, looking for any hints of deception. “Really?” Tony asked quietly.
Sam snorted, picturing the man stuck in exile in a sea of swamps and tourists. “Pretty sure he doesn’t.”
Tony glared at Barnes, chucking his comb at the other man in retaliation. But of course, because god forbid Tony catch a fucking break, Barnes snatched the comb in midair.
Steve made a sharp turn right, darting down a back alley, hoping to cut off his target. He dodged the littered garbage cans and scaled a fence, heart pounding tight in his chest. Steve urged his legs faster as he ignored protests from his muscles. He had a late start; he needed to catch up with his slippery foe as quickly as possible.
“But somehow they were able to just waltz into both here and SI like they owned the place. Who knows what else they’re capable of,” sighed Natasha.
“-get you out of here, don’t you worry,” Steve was saying. “We’ll take you to the hospital and then everything we’ll be fine.”
Clint couldn’t help but flinch at Pepper’s shrill tone. After moving in to the tower, Clint had the pleasure of watching the domineering CEO turn Tony into a pile of mush about once every week. While back then it had brought endless enjoyment for Clint, actually being the one who actually who pissed off Pepper was horrifying.
Fury smiled at the pair of them. “I hope you brought something more interesting than that. It’s going to take a little more to impress me.”
No, this was wrong. This didn’t happen. This can’t have happened. That’s his arm. He can’t lose his arm. This wasn’t real. This
Tony sighed, looking around the room. What would HYDRA gain from going after him? He never got in there way. They shouldn't even be on the same radar. They shouldn't see him as an enemy.
It wasn’t until he felt an arm grab him that he realized why. He turned mid-air to see Riley, chasing right after him, yanking at his chute to open. He pulled and pulled, holding tightly on to Sam as they got closer and closer to the ground. And then the chute had popped. Sam had jolted at the sudden decrease in speed, Riley hurtling past him for a few seconds before his own chute opened. Riley had saved his life.
Tony heard the commotion down the road, choosing to walk towards it. He knew he had promised Steve he would leave, but that had never been an option for Tony. He would never leave Steve.
Tony looked over to the side table next to his bed. He reached out before his hand closed over the small buzzer.
Tony’s finger worked inside him, stroking his walls and stretching him. Soon enough there was room for two fingers, and their tips pressed into Steve’s hole insistently.
The kid only stuck out his chin, his eyes blazing with righteous anger. “Not a great idea to leave one of us unattended,” he snarked.
Steve is pathetically grateful for it, but then it hits him that even if he did come, Tony probably wouldn't stop, he would just keep riding him, not letting him get soft
Tony cursed his nervous habits. “I, ah, just have a lot going on. I promise, nothing to worry about.”
Tony shook himself and stood up, walking around in a charade of tidying their already spotless apartment. Finally, finally, he heard the elevator doors open, and he turned to greet his lover.
“Amazing,” Tony murmured, collapsing into the mess he’d left on Steve. “We’ll get cleaned up in a minute.”
“I want you, too,” Tony manages, like it just occurred to him. “I want you so bad I can’t breathe sometimes. I can’t think around you. Even before I knew, you made me crazy.” This was met with a wry grin.
hyperventilating. When did that start happening? He breathes deeper, in through his nose. Steve’s broad hand on his back helps.
Tony freezes, going rigid. Then he relaxes, breathing all the air out of his lungs in a long exhale. “Steve,” he tacks onto the end of it, almost an afterthought.
Sooner than he would have thought, JARVIS spoke up. “Sir, Captain Rogers has just parked his motorcycle in the garage. He will be up presently.”
Day fifteen dawns hot. It’s the hottest weather they have encountered since the beginning. “I’m grateful,” Steve grins cheerfully at Tony over breakfast. “It means the mountain temperatures will be nicer.”
Through this rambling speech, the divot between Steve’s eyebrows has gotten deeper and more pronounced. “You think I don’t want you,” he says.
Steve doesn’t always like to talk much during sex, preferring to let Tony run the show in the verbal department unless asked a direct question, but he can’t resist saying, “This isn’t a slowdown. It’s a full stagnation.”
She smiled sadly. “No, no you weren’t. He doesn’t like people to know.” She crouched beside him and slipped her heels off, joining him on the floor. “He’s convinced it’s dangerous for the people close to him if they know.”
Steve sighed, fighting the urge to bring a hand up to his face to hide behind. “It wasn’t...like that. I imagined—you, yes, I imagined—but not with me.”
Tony whined as the armor removed the fingers from his ass, but he couldn’t help breathing harder as the cold, rigid head of Iron Man’s cock lined up, brushing teasingly against his ass. “Oh god,” he moaned, letting the gauntlets settle again on his wrists and hip. “Oh god.”
Steve fucked up into him like he was a dying man in search of water. He pressed into Tony until his weight surrounded him, keeping him locked against the wall where only Steve could touch him. They rocked together, fast and rough, until Tony was exhaling in a high whine with every thrust and Steve’s cock scraped across his spot.
Steve takes this as an opportunity to remove the alcohol from the equation, swiping the bottle and setting it out of Tony’s reach or eyesight. Tony harrumphs, but obliges.
“No, Steve,” Pepper soothed. “You don’t need to be assessed. I think you’ve shown that your character isn’t one to turn in gossip about Tony Stark to the tabloids. I have ruled that you are a safe addition to the Saturn Protocol.”
Steve wanders down to the workshop a few times that first week. He seems curious, but he doesn’t bring up the soulmate thing, so neither does Tony. He answers Steve’s questions about the bots, about JARVIS and his new holographic displays. If Tony’s replies are stilted, well. That’s just because he’s trying not to let himself think about curling up next to Steve’s breastbone and breathing him in. It’s taxing, even for Tony’s brilliant multi-tasking skills.
The dirtiest his thoughts ever got was imagining them kiss, Mr.Stark’s thigh trapped between Iron Man’s, their tongues mingling. The suit shone in low light, and Mr. Stark sported smudges of grease on his hands from tuning it up. Iron Man brought up one gauntlet to gently move Mr. Stark’s hair out of his eyes, and his ever-shifting imaginary face smiled down at the engineer.
you. I want to get to know you, and learn what your favorite foods are, and play with your bots and cuddle and just be with you. And maybe, um. I mean, it’s obvious that people have—hurt you in the past. With touch. So I don’t want to pressure you into something that makes you feel vulnerable, but. I’d like to kiss you?”
Steve gave another shy smile. Tony found himself smiling back, opening his mouth almost of his own accord. He knew it was stupid, he knew, but—
He managed to cover up his arousal by slipping into his Captain voice, asking Tony to follow him. He couldn’t parse whatever Tony was saying as he followed behind, but the second they were behind a locked door, all his bravado left him, and he sandwiched Tony to the wall.
“What’s the rush?” Steve replies, after politely swallowing his bite of fish. “There’s lots to see.”
“There are so many wonderful things we can do while leaving these on,” he explained. “Do you want me to lick at you, get you wet?”
Alternate ending: Tony leans over to Steve's ear, wrapping a strong arm around him, and whispers, "I could go again."
“You can stop,” Tony murmured finally. Steve collapsed, his hips still held up from the bed by the restraints, but the rest of him boneless from exertion. His cock ached, his thighs felt like jelly, and his whole body was coated in a sheen of sweat. He wasn’t even sure he wanted to come, anymore—he was just grateful to Tony for allowing him to stop. Tony, Tony, Tony, he thought endlessly.
“Is the bike okay?” Tony asks, tugging on Steve’s sleeve until he cuddles up next to him on the loveseat.
Finally, Tony’s knot began to deflate a little, and Steve could breathe again without jostling them and setting off his nervous system. He felt sore and achy, sticky with come, and he was still breathing like he’d just run a marathon.
“Captain Rogers,” JARVIS called sharply, breaking Steve from his reverie. “You have been found to be in possession of Class Saturn Intelligence. Please remain where you are.”
After he hung up, he expected the nervous energy that had been plaguing him since the first phone call, hours ago now, to fade. But knowing that Steve had been MIA on a mission, even for only half a day, had him on edge and jittery.
Steve’s hands were running up and down Tony’s flanks, pressing in to keep him against the wall. “Saw you,” Steve bit out, mouthing at the collar of the undersuit. “Couldn’t wait.”
Tony's hand has disappeared beneath his waist and Steve doesn't even know where Tony got the lube from but when Tony's breath hitches suddenly and his eyes slip closed as he swallows around Steve's dick he realizes Tony is fingering himself open, getting himself prepared
All too quickly Steve can feel his dick getting hard again, never really having gone soft in the first place
“I only have seventeen boxes left, and i go through about one box a week. I have almost four months of popsicles left.”
“Come on, relax for me, darling. That’s it, shh, you’re so gorgeous, you’re doing amazing.” Tony kept up this stream of praise and direction as he pushed in.
“This isn’t Captain America,” Steve corrected. “This is Steve Rogers. I care about you, Tony. Of course I’m glad he’s dead.”
Tony came, too, and though his cock was deep in the back of Steve’s throat, he imagined he could still taste his release. Tony held him in place until he was done, then let him press sloppy kisses to the bruises forming at his hips. The front of Steve’s uniform was unpleasantly sticky.
"You're alright," Tony says, wrapping his arms around Steve's shivering shoulders and lying back, pulling until Steve's head is resting in the crook of his neck, until he can feel Steve's shaky breath against his neck. He runs his hands up and down Steve's back as he slowly comes down from the high, pressing kissing against his crown.
Secondly, he fell off a building. Again. Stark caught him (—-and he wasn’t quite used to that yet, even after a decade with SHIELD and three years with the Avengers, Having someone he could count on to catch him—-) but he still badly bruised his ribs. It wasn’t Stark’s fault that the only arms he had that could catch Clint while he was approaching terminal velocity were metal, so Clint would just have to deal.
“I’m serious,” Clint told her. “All he thinks about all day is how cute Cap is, how he wants to wrap him in blankets and give him hot cocoa, how he wishes they would hold hands in Central Park or whatever. It’s sickeningly sweet.”
They were on their way back to the Avengers floors in the tower, holding hands and staring into each other’s eyes like they were a cliche.
Steve, Steve,” Tony was panting into his hair, until the word didn’t sound like his name anymore. “I’m gonna come.”
Tony fucked like he fought–with purpose. He pierced down into Steve, battering his prostate and stretching him wide in a way that could almost be described as efficient. He was just as ruthless in his fast fucking as the slow, and Steve was helpless against the pull of his tide.
Steve would probably have responded, but just then Tony ducked suddenly to lick a hot, wet stripe up the middle of his sac. He only just stopped himself from whining again, and damn, maybe Tony was right. Maybe they should do this more often if this was how Steve reacted to being teased.
The knot was still overwhelming, but somehow Steve could take it now. He wasn’t shaking out of his skin with overstimulation. It was miraculous to him every time he managed to take it, every time he could crest higher and higher in pleasure. It was impossible and perfect.
And maybe it's Tony's pleasure or maybe it's the pressure on his cock but Steve's second orgasm rushes through him, his hands clench on the nighty and he distantly hears a ripping sound but he can't focus on it, he can feel his pleasure all the way down to his toes and up through his head until he's so lightheaded he thinks he might pass out right there on the bed, his cock still buried in Tony's heat
Then he licked again, and the sudden return to warm breath and tongue had Steve’s testes drowning in shock. The temperature difference wasn’t even severe, but he was hung up on the sensation just as much as if Tony had doused him in hot water. The texture of Tony’s tongue was so present, more so than his fingers, and the addition of slick, attractive heat was making it hard to stay still once more.
Steve pulled Tony into a hug. “Shh, it’s okay,” he crooned. “Tony. Those deaths weren’t your fault.”
“No, I’m sorry, dear,” Tony said, and his voice sounded truly apologetic. “This is the game we’re playing now. We can play a different one later, when I’m bored of this one.”
This wouldn’t have been a big deal if Tony didn’t notice every time Steve so much as twitched his wings how they shimmered so evenly in the light. His own spotty gold belied years of off-again on-again plucking from stress. He felt ruined and damaged, and Steve was always around to show him, in excruciating detail, exactly where he failed.
Steve’s wings rubbed together, a nervous tic that he had. “I’m glad you’re doing better. I just, I worry about you, Tony. You work so hard, between the team and SI. You deserve to feel better about the things you’ve overcome. Are overcoming. I, ah, sorry, I didn’t mean—“
Tony sighed contentedly and coaxed his fingers gently from Steve’s mouth, wiping his damp hands off on Steve’s thigh. “This next part is gonna be harder for you, so I’m gonna give you some restraints, okay?” he asked. Steve hummed what he hoped has an agreement, but Tony seemed to realize he wasn’t going to give a more coherent response. “That’s okay, baby, I’ll take good care of you. I’ll give you what you need to obey and keep still for me.”
Clint sighed into his glass of chocolate milk. Reading minds was the worst. People always got self-conscious, then tried not to think about him, then ended up caught in a vicious cycle of chanting [Don’t think about Clint!] until he sulkily left the room. Clint wondered if this was how Professor X felt all the time.
This time, Steve does pull him into a hug. “You didn’t fail,” he insists, his voice breaking. “You didn’t.”
Edit 10/27/18 I got ten days further than last year! If I keep up this year-over-year improvement, I'll be able to actually complete an october challenge in 2020 ;)
Steve could feel his face heating, and saw Tony’s gaze follow the flush across his skin. “You don’t have to make fun of me. I didn’t know Iron Man was you.”
This ficlet is set in a world where everyone has wings, and one person (or more people, I'm poly-friendly) has the same wing pattern as you. Some people say that the person with the same wing pattern as you is your soulmate, but there's no science to back this up. People meet their pattern matches pretty rarely.
That was perfect. The warmth was nice, and after a little while the ghost of the vibrator faded from his sac. Tony shifted, then got up, which drew a whine of complaint, but he only pressed a soft kiss to Steve’s forehead and ducked out of sight. Steve wasn’t worried, though. Tony always came back.
Tony figures that, if Steve wanted to do anything about it, he would have by now. That means it’s up to Tony to fix their situation, because God knows he can’t maintain this. He’ll break into pieces if Steve forces him to take his smiles and his small talk and his
Steve should have known not to trust the lull they had in bad guy activity. They were overdue for something like this, he thought wryly, shoving his uniform roughly on and jamming his comm unit into his ear.
A third metal finger teased at Tony’s hole, stroking the heated skin. The coldness was a relief, really. It slipped inside on the next thrust, angling just right to nick his prostate. “Ah!” Tony yelled, throwing his head back against the wall. “Fuck, do that again.”
There would be more talk tomorrow of what they both liked and didn’t like about the scene (which, Steve would be hard pressed to find something he didn’t like) but tonight, Steve simply let Tony uncuff him and wrap his arms around Steve’s waist. They drifted off to sleep in rhythmic tandem.
Tony stood staring after him for long moments, wondering if he wanted to believe in soulmates after all.
It turned out that ‘here’ was Yellowstone National Park, and that Steve had just taken his morning run in the park itself. They spend all day hiking around, taking in the sights. Tony, though he is an active person by nature, has more trouble than normal keeping up with Steve.
Mike Gonzalez was the best damn OBGYN in the state of New York, and he was former military. He insisted on calling Steve by his full title, no matter how many times Steve told him he didn’t have to.
Together, they would be...beautiful. Steve imagined the innuendo, the smirking from Mr. Stark and the layered silence form Iron Man, akin to a raised eyebrow. He imagined how Mr. Stark’s gaze might soften when he got to see Iron Man’s face, and what the masked man himself might look like.
Steve cried out as Tony pushed further and further in, filling him just right. “Yes, yes,” he chanted, feeling complete as Tony bottomed out.
Steve watched as Bucky jolted on the lab table, his body springing up like a tense coil. Right behind him stood Tony, in the middle of what looked to be surgery on his new arm. Even though he was wearing obnoxiously large goggles, Steve knew he was shooting Bucky his patented glare. “I told you not to move,” he grumbled, leaning back over the arm. Bucky huffed back at him but complied, stilling under Tony’s prodding.
The silence in the room was deafening, the group looking up at Steve like they didn’t understand the words that came out of his mouth.
Steve drew their hands together, the digits interlocking perfectly. The pair descended into silence, only broken by the jets in the tub and the occasional bird chirping back at the morning sun.
“You were working with HYDRA. Who’s to say you weren’t working for other gangs as well,” Clint responded. “Getting their hands on Tony had to be the end game for some of them. We want names.”
“Wait, wait, wait!” Clint yelled, waking Tony in the process. The brunette blinked wearily in the blanket he’d wrapped around himself, frowning at the disruption. Clint came charging from the cockpit, gear wrapped up in his arms. “Don’t you dare start anything!” he shouted, running down the ramp towards the tower. “I need to be at least three floors away before the canoodling starts!”
“All I’m saying is that we need to stay on the right side of the law for now; don’t go around attracting attention. Always check your six, and never find yourself alone. You don’t know who could be watching.”
“My thoughts exactly,” Bruce answered, showing Clint into a glass encased section of the lab. There, laying on a cold slab in front of them, surrounded by a few other doctors, was the other agent that had been shot.
Tony screeched to a halt, causing Clint to run into him. Tony spun around, eyes blazing. “No, this may not be the time, but you are far from being in the clear. You and I are going to have a long talk about self-destructive tendencies. We all thought you were dead!”
Steve sighed, finally turning around to face his companion. Bucky was leaning against the other shelf, shooting Steve a dirty look. “What are you complaining about?” Steve asked.
“If you value your life, you won’t do that,” Steve said. “Besides, we still won’t have time to make it to Natasha’s tonight. I’ve got plans for this evening.”
for God's sake - Tony had recruited them to start data mining for the potential of starting a market in the medical field. The Parkers were brilliant, and passionate, starting ventures in medical technology advancement. They were good,
“I’m not disagreeing,” Steve said mournfully. “I know that this is my fault. But I’ll do anything to fix it,
idea to risk everything for the family. Love and pride sang through his chest every time he thought of what Tony’s done for them.
“Tony asked for that time off?” Steve questioned. Had he been planning something? He sure as hell didn't mention anything to Steve.
Steve sighed, rubbing his thumb against his temple as he merged off the highway. There was no reason to lie to Tony; he had just hoped that the man would have been asleep for longer to give him more time to come up with a better lie.
“Probably not a good move. I mean, the one bargaining chip we had killed himself, so I wouldn’t even know where to start. Besides, now that we now HYDRA is in with the police, God only know where else they have their claws. We draw them out and we could soon find ourselves over our heads.”
Barton barked out a laugh. “Yeah, well, I’m just some kid from Iowa. Definitely not the brightest bulb there is.”
Steve pulled Bucky aside. “Buck, this is our only chance to get answers. Believe me when I say that I want nothing more than to squeeze the life out of him, but I won’t. We can’t let ourselves get carried away until we get everything we can out of him.”
I guess what I need to know is how everyone feels about it. I want to introduce a new villain, but if things feel like they're dragging on too much, I can hold off, and maybe do a sequel? (I just feel sequels never have the same momentum as the first one).
The man didn’t see Steve approach, too caught up in taking apart a horrendous looking purse. “I don’t know,” commented Steve, smiling as the man gasped in fear. “I don’t think that purse is really your color.”
The two fell into a silence, one staring at the other. Tony cleared his throat, looking away to start putting his tools away. It was odd, seeing him clean up after himself. Tony never put away his tools, leaving them laying about, waiting for the next use.
Finally, as the sun started to slip below the buildings, he buzzed the intercom on his desk. The door was reopened and a young officer stepped through the threshold. “Yes, Sir?”
Pierce’s eyes narrowed in confusion, watching her with beady eyes. “Romanoff,” he finally breathed in realization. “What, Rogers didn’t have the balls to face me, so he sent you instead?”
In the beginning, Tony didn’t worry. He knew it would take some time for Steve to ditch his house and make his way to Tony. But day after day passed, and still nothing. Steve should have made it out here by now, even if he had walked the whole way.
Steve saluted his thanks before turning to the group in front of him. “Bucky, take Nat and go right. Rhodes and I will go left.”
Steve thought to himself. The final moments before the end. It had been hard enough to say his goodbyes to Bruce and Thor, hell, he could barely meet Clint’s eyes. Pulling away from Tony had been damn near impossible. But this? He saw Bucky clap Sam on the back and whisper something in his ear before he moved over to Natasha, gathering her in his arms.
Tony took a deep breath and sat up again, slowly this time, trying to keep from jostling his arm. He eyes started to scan the room curiously, taking in his new surroundings. It was nothing much; at any other point in his life, Tony might call it fit for derelicts. But now, he could only seem to describe it as homey. Everything was so worn down and overused that it seemed to give off a certain warmth. It was like a glimpse behind the curtain, the idea of a simple domesticity hidden in the lives of hardened criminals. The desk, presumably The Captain's, was overflowing with files, notes, and scraps. Books of every genre were crammed into a crooked bookshelf, looking like it was one nudge away from falling over. Tony smiled, imagining members of the team curling into the armchair to read, the room silent except for the scratching of paper, the hulking Captain hunching over the desk, scribbling in a tight scrawl.
He watched Pepper reach her hand close to Tony’s chest cavity, his fingers barely dipping below the surface before she was pulling out with a hiss. “You know, I don’t think I can do this. I’m not exactly qualified- ”
“You sure?” Stark had boasted all about how he could bring weaker men to their knees without so much as taking a swing. And while Steve would be foolish not to believe him, there was a heavy layer of uneasiness that sat with him. He didn't doubt Stark's skills, but who was really to gain here? What he said he could do to their prisoner with only a computer - how long before he does the same to Steve? To the crew? Stark's full skill set was unknown to him; the man himself was a ticking time bomb. Trying to keep any control of the situation with his methods was the only way he could think of to potentially keep the mouthy brunette in line.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You really thing some amateur bomb stood a chance against this suit? I’ll be embarrassed if I come out of this with a single bruise,” Tony joked.
drank. Tony had asked him once, and watched as the man got quiet, hands slowly from where he was washing Howard's crystal tumblers.
But isn’t that what he was? Tony was an associate, nothing more than a business partner. Complete the transaction and each would go on their merry way, never to cross paths again.
Tony shot another glare towards the hulking blonde. “You'll have everything on this guy! Five minutes and I can have him posted as a top sexual predator. Hell, buy me a coffee, and I’ll have him up on the FBI Most Wanted list before you get back. I can send everyone on this guy, both government and criminals with just a few taps on my keyboard. What about the secrets this guy is hiding? Release those to the public and HYDRA thinks he’s gonna rogue. No matter now we spin it, we’ll get what we need from him, he’ll be a dead man, and you wouldn’t even have to lift a finger.”
Steve wasn’t expecting that. It wasn’t supposed to be this easy. Tony Stark was never one to walk away from a fight. He'd once seen the man bicker with a hotdog vendor over the quantity of napkins he was given. “Fine?”
A pained shout from above got both of their attention. Bucky moved automatically, trying to make a break for the stairs to reach Clint.
Tony sat, taking another generous sip from his tumbler, wishing it was something way stronger as Barnes stared at him from the other side of his desk. Tony gestured with the glass, a silent invitation, but Barnes shook his head. “Doesn’t go with pain meds,” he bit out.
But even once Tony was on his feet again, karma reared its ugly head yet again. God forbid he ever get what he wanted. Everything that happened came in quick succession, like dominoes falling one after the other, keeping the mob more than busy. Even when they were able to catch moments alone, Steve would slow any kiss that Tony gave him, and bundled him in his arms until they both fell asleep. It wasn’t as if that wasn’t also what Tony wanted, but leave it to Steve to wait until their last night together to finally snap.
Steve, for his part, was squeezing the base of his cock, and looked like he was trying desperately not to come. He panted, face red with exertion. Soft locks of his hair stuck to his forehead with sweat. “Do it,” he commanded. “Fuck him.”
Tony barks out a laugh, suddenly realizing he’s shaking. “I need,” he starts, but Steve is already guiding him to the living room, where he sits them both down on the couch. He hasn’t stopped touching Tony.
Iron Man and Mr. Stark had a similar sense of humor, and imagining them firing their wits at one another was spectacular. Mr. Stark was lean and muscled, shorter than everyone on the team but Natasha, and he had a such a vibrant personality that anyone in the room gravitated toward him. Iron Man was taller, more stoic, but still hilarious, and he was flashy enough just to look at that he didn’t need to hold the room’s attention with his sparkling conversation.
Steve kisses his skin again, hoping to chase away the cold sweat. “I’m glad. I would take your dreams from you in a heartbeat if I could.”
“I’ve been hard in my uniform since you took out that laser cannon,” Steve admitted, biting at the skin of Tony’s throat. “I need you.”
Steve comes, and it's so long, and hard, but Tony doesn't stop. He just keeps lifting himself up off of Steve's cock and then slamming back down, his hands gripping Steve's arm and pushing him down into the mattress while he bucks in overstimulation
Steve let himself get swept up in the rhythm, the feel of it. He felt cherished and owned, but free and inescapably untamed, like he had broken all the rules and now there was nothing left but him and Tony, fucking and loving, sucking and licking. When their mouths came together they would taste one another, but he couldn’t call it kissing–they had lost too much coordination for that. This was pure animal mating, as savage an event as two lovers could share. Steve wanted to cry from the intensity of it.
Regardless, Tony had spent quite a bit of time “practicing” with his lips wrapped around the base of Steve’s cock. It worked out well, because once he got in that position, Steve couldn’t say anything except the most delightful whines and moans, interspersed occasionally with Tony’s name.
Iron Man was less present, now that the major threat had passed. Steve would occasionally see him make a public appearance at Tony’s side, looking straight and still. Other times, he might wander onto the team floor and chat for a little while, and those were Steve’s favorite times. But he quickly left when the team settled down to play video games or some other group activity.
Steve glanced at the prosthetics, then quickly back to Tony’s face. “They look normal to me. Did you get hurt?”
Tony’s eyes darkened to almost black, and he grinned. “Next time, I’m putting you in a thong,” he promised, voice full of sex. “It has a string that presses all along here.” He ran one pointed fingertip along Steve’s crack to his hole. The thought of having the panties constantly there against his most sensitive spot had him groaning.
They shake hands, after the battle of New York. That is the moment, the fatal mistake that keeps Tony awake at night. If he had just kept the gauntlet on, if he had sent Cap a peace sign instead of reaching for his hand—well. Things would have been different.
[I hope Clint’s not listening,] Bruce thought from the other side of the kitchen. [Shit. Now he definitely is. I need to stop thinking his name.]
But, as Steve was quick to remind him, things would never change unless things were demystified and people could be educated. Steve was so good at thinking about the big picture like that.
Steve shot off like a rocket. Thick ropes of come, more than Tony had ever seen, pumped out of him for long seconds. He shook with the intensity of it. Finally, he slumped down in his chair, sated and weary.
Steve relaxed at the praise, staring unthinkingly at the ceiling while Tony stroked over his hips and thighs. After a while, Tony’s fingertip began stroking across his hole again, pressing lightly.
Dyeing wings was still pretty taboo, even in the 21st century. That someone like Captain America would dye them was unthinkable.
Someone bangs on the wall behind his head, making him jump and accidentally choke Steve further before he pulls off. They grin at one another.
“That was amazing,” Tony proclaimed as he released Steve and slumped against the wall. “Take this as blanket permission to sex me up in semi-public any time.”
Tony wakes up alone, with a sticky note on the pillow beside him. He’d obviously rolled over it in his sleep, star-fishing over the mattress in Steve’s absence. He un-crumples one corner to read
Still, he sometimes wondered if the person who shared his pattern would ever come forward to meet him. It was hard to tell, anymore, with half his wings gone, but once they had been a glorious dark red, his undersides a burnished gold, and his flight primaries tipped in shocking white. He wishes he could see his wings again, just once. Even if the person attached to them wasn’t meant to be with him, like the old wives’ tale said.
This style of thinking had been going on for about fifteen minutes by now. Clint wondered if Stark ever took a break from thinking sappy, romantic things about Steve Rogers.
Finally, after a month of this, Steve came down and knocked on Tony’s workshop door, coffee and lunch in hand.
Tony loved Steve’s cock. It was long and thick, but not too big, curved just slightly to the left. He loved playing with the foreskin, how it made Steve’s eye roll back in his head. He loved pressing butterfly kisses to the head. But most of all, he loved shoving it down his throat.
Tony lined up and pressed the head of his cock against Steve’s lubed opening. He glanced down to see that Tony’s own pair of panties had been discarded–shame, he felt like he hadn’t really had the chance to enjoy them, he’d been so focused on his own.
By the time Tony was up to three fingers, Steve was thrusting back onto them with every breath, groaning and whining to the tempo Tony set. He thrust up into the panties, too, though he knew they would only move with him. It felt like he was being caressed from all sides, keeping his nerves alight with pleasure from the slightest shift.
Only two and a half hours later, they are heading north again. This change, Tony does notice, because by his math, there is very little country left in that direction. He tries to communicate this to Steve, but he only nods and keeps driving. Finally they pull off the highway in another town, this time with water on their left.
Howard was ignoring him, too, which was really par for the course. The reels came out and father couldn’t think of anything else.
The second orgasm wrecks Steve. It punches through him so hard he loses his breath. His vision fuzzes. Tony is panting above him, stroking his come into Steve's abdomen and chest, still clenching around Steve's length as the aftershocks roll through them both
Tony was shaking, his knees almost buckling. Steve caught him, and brought him back to the couch. “I’ve doomed you,” Tony was murmuring under his breath, again and again. “I’ve doomed  you.”
The helmet nodded, and it made short work of the button-and-fly on Tony’s levi’s. Down his legs they fell, and the armor stepped back just enough to let Tony step out of them before its hands were back on his hips, holding firm. “Jump,” Iron Man instructed, before lifting Tony effortlessly so that their cocks lined up. Tony’s legs hugged tight around the armor’s middle, and he could feel the shifting plates recalibrating to hold his weight.
“I understand, JARVIS. You were only protecting Tony. He’s lucky to have you. Lucky to have…” Steve was about to say Iron Man, but he remembered again. “To have you, too, Miss Potts.”
Tony fell silent and looked back to the man on the screen. Steve Rogers was motioning to the soldiers behind him, leading them onward to some unknown battle. He looked tired, but stalwart, and when he glanced over his shoulder, he grinned. Tony knew he would never see a smile as pretty as that one.
Ultimately, Tony decided to do nothing about the wing pattern thing. It wasn’t like it mattered, right? Soulmates weren’t real.
Tony alternated like that, giving Steve kitten licks and then blowing pointed air, until Steve really did whine out loud. His face instantly turned red, and he almost tried to hide in the pillows again. However, the look on Tony’s face when he heard Steve whine was only awe and affection, no derision to be seen. He groaned once more just to see Tony’s eyes light up again.
The metal finger pressed harder, just then, slipping inside Tony’s tight ass. He moaned aloud instead of responding.
But how had he gotten from the scene of the attack back home, with no transportation and no Iron Man?
The cock inside Tony immediately began to buzz. “Oh, good lord. Steve,” he moaned. “Wish you could feel this. He’s thundering like a jackhammer.”
Grand Junction is reached by mid-afternoon, but at the urging of the waitress at yet another amazing local restaurant (Steve must have a sixth sense for these places) they decide to spend the night here and take on the mountains in the morning. “Folks that don’t know where they’re going will get so lost up there, they’ll never find you,” she promised solemnly, and though Tony guessed that he and Steve would have been fine, he acquiesced to the easier timeline.
“The second after you, I came like a freight train. All over your thighs. They really do it for me,” Tony admitted, cheekily squeezing Steve’s thigh.
“I bet they didn’t let you pay, either,” Tony chides. Steve says nothing, which is as good as a “yes” from him.
When Tony has calmed down enough, he burrows back into Steve’s side. “I’m never letting you go, you know,” he warns, prodding a finger at Steve’s (rock hard) abs in punctuation.
“When we touched the first time, you pulled back so quickly. Then, in the workshop, you flinched away every time I reached for you, like you weren’t ready to...to do this. So I gave you space. You were so busy, We were all busy with the aftermath of the fight, and it made sense—I thought you needed some time. I was waiting for you to come to me, to be ready. I should have said something.”
Does anyone want to talk about Tony riding Steve and while wearing one of those lace slip nightgowns?
Steve nodded and stepped into their bedroom behind Tony, suddenly aware of how light the fabric of the panties felt. It didn’t feel like he was wearing anything, except for where it held his cock close to the heat of his body. Even the waistband was like a whisper against his skin.
Steve didn’t want to cool down. He wanted so desperately to squirm, to flip himself over and rub into the sheets. He wanted Tony’s fingers in his mouth or in his hole, or Tony’s mouth anywhere. He wanted it so bad he felt like he would shake apart.
“I know what I saw,” Steve said calmly, diplomatically. “Eidetic memory, remember? Besides. The blast pattern didn’t show any sign of a second vehicle close by.”
. No one can know, or it will be bad. I can’t—I can’t do that to anyone, even if I trust them. Even if I trust
Tony’s fingers touched his ears, and he knew they were red from blushing and lack of oxygen. He tried valiantly to shove Tony’s dick father down his throat.
“What the fuck, Stark?” The words poured out of his mouth before he could get a handle on his impulse control, interrupting Coulson’s briefing.
“Don’t let her hear you call her that,” Tony mused. “She’s more useful that you think. Besides, I needed tiny hands, and I sure as hell wasn’t going to ask Romanoff.”
going to be the one to feed him more. This was highly sensitive stuff. How long before Stark turns on them? Who’s to say he wasn’t already working with HYDRA?
“Something tells me that knowing they’re alive but finding yourself unable to ever get to them would be worse,” Coulson finished.
“The last of the Ten Rings. NYPD finally found their bodies. Autopsy shows that they were killed using my guns.”
Clint had disappeared after the warehouse. After The Suit. After the remote. Steve had explained to him that he thought Tony had perished there as well, back at the hospital. If Steve thought Tony was dead, Clint could just have easily fallen under the misconception. “You thought I was dead. Because of The Suit.”
“I’m glad we were able to reach an understanding,” sneered Steve. “Wrap him up, Thor, and drop him in a street. I don’t care which one; just get this filth out of here.”
The small bend in Clint’s lips looked about as close to a smile as the man could muster. Whatever, Tony would still consider it a win. “Thank you.” He tilted his head slightly, almost looking like the old Barton for a second, when he added, “You falling asleep on me?”
“I’m clean,” Tony said in a small voice. Sure, he’d been around the block a few times, but Tony was nothing if not careful.
Bucky frowned. “There was security footage of when you and Tony were taken in front of the restaurant. Yinsen saw the whole thing. Our kidnappers saw him and were not too keen; they threw him in the van with you two. He wasn’t at the warehouse?”
Tony thrived on being needed, on being wanted. It was his own sick and twisted version of love, a way of proving to himself that he wasn’t the worthless piece of scrap his father told him he was. He’s a moth drawn to the flame; his publicity the oxygen, his desirable skill set the dry heat that keeps the fire going.
He zipped up the sweatshirt he was wearing, added a pair of shades and donned a baseball cap as he sauntered across the New York streets. Some might all it overkill, but Tony wasn’t taking any chances. No one could figure out who he was or where he was going. Tony had been dropped off at his residence by his driver, his car would never leave the property, and JARVIS would confirm that he was still at home should anyone ask. For all intensive purposes, Tony was and will remain at home, not skulking through the New York streets. He scanned the crowd, but no one paid him a second glance. He walked a couple of blocks east, staying low on the radar.
Phil’s stomach churned, glad he wouldn’t be one of them. He could still remember the way Clint had shaken in his arms, so distant and lost. Phil had never seen him like that.
“Is this what you call accountability?” She pushed a picture into his unwilling hand. Tony gave it a cursory glance, eyeing the dead bodies littered with his weapons that looked back up at him.
He’d curl up in the little nook he’d made for himself, leaning over the tall structure and watched. Looking down, Steve could see everything. Men in suits sprinting down the street to try and catch the bus. Mothers pulling their small children along the street to get to school. A man with a guitar singing broken notes to get enough money for a hot meal. A couple laughing as they entered the coffee shop down the road. A tired policeman waltzing along the curb as he scoped the road for parking violations.
Delmar looked away from Rogers to see Black Widow walking over. She smiled icily at him, giving a small wave.
Tony pulled back slightly to catch his gaze, a calloused hand trailing over the dopey look he was sure he was wearing. “Someone’s in a good mood,” Tony teased as he tried to keep from grinning in return.
“Yeah,” he smiled. But when Tony leaned in to seal the kiss, Steve shot a hand up, pressing his chest back. “If you came to bed last night,” he finished. “Or the night before, or the night before that, or the- ”
Tony squawked; Steve probably smacked him. Clint sighed, finally pushing away from the door. He needed to leave. He’d already heard too much.  “You have to understand. I can’t stop, I won’t stop being this way. I’ll do anything to keep you safe,” Steve continued, his voice getting softer. “I’ll do anything not to lose you again. Tony, I lo- ”
Watching TV was out, as it would end with him either being reminded or recent events, or with him on the shopping channels buying yet another ‘miracle product’. He could try reading, as his mother had a library built in each of their properties for her. But it was never really Tony’s thing. It was more
It wasn’t long before the surrounding woods engulfed them, blocking out the faded sounds of the expressway, hiding them from sight. When a well-known gate came into view of his headlights, Steve finally rolled to a stop, turning the car off. He took a moment for himself, resting his head against the seat, before finally digging out his phone.
He shot two bullets into Natasha, who was caught by a stunned Wilson. Delmar could see the open betrayal on Wilson’s face, as he started to push down onto Romanoff’s wounds. “BARTON?!”
Clint considered his next move. Tracking the names on the list had gotten him nowhere, so Clint had moved onto the black market. Thorpe had been screwing around with vibranium; he was bound to have left some tips around the market. Hopefully that will lead him to another name on the list.
Clint was like the team’s little brother. Annoying to have to deal with, but an irreplaceable family member all the same. Clint was one of the reasons Tony was still alive. If anything had happened to him- Tony shivered.
“You’ll protect me, right? I mean, you won’t let them know I’m here. I swear, I just need to hide out here for just a little while, and then I’ll be gone, I promise!”
He could see Steve frown in the corner of his eyes, but his focus was stolen by Barnes placing the comb in his metal hand and crushing it to pieces.
Stane leaned down close to him. “You really think that just because you have an idea it belongs to you?” And with that, he tugged, the cord of the arc reactor disconnecting from his body. The pain that followed wasn’t new; he’d been unplugged by Pepper just earlier this week. But this was different. It was vicious and cruel, paired with lingering betrayal.
Steve slumped with relief, just barely able to cover the rotten taste he felt in his mouth. God, Bucky. How could he have let this happen? How could he just sit there while his friend wasted away? Bucky had spent his entire life supporting Steve, always making sure that the other man was taken care of. But the one time Bucky needed him, Steve had left him to suffer. His obsession with keeping him safe only managed to result in neglect. Steve could only thank God that Tony had been there to keep Bucky sane while Steve fell off the deep end. It was almost unreal how Bucky had managed to find his footing again with probably his least favorite person. But again, that only shows how desperate the man had been in searching for a purpose, having to reach into no man’s land to find comfort that his own allies couldn’t give him.
Steve walked towards the new glass encased lab, knowing that to be the best place to look for the resident genius, the blonde calling out Tony’s name every so often. Doubt started to cloud Steve’s head but he tried to shake it off. The tower was one of the most fortified places in New York, let alone the eastern seaboard. There was nowhere Tony Stark would have been more safe from HYDRA.
The further he continued his search, the more frantic Tony became. She wasn’t here; Pepper wasn’t here.
“I don’t want to hear you’re excuses Clinton Francis Barton,” said Pepper, holding up a firm hand. “We have been looking everywhere for you!
- While in the movies, Tony needed the suit to escape in the desert; he was underground in this story, and all I could think about was Tony in a suit bouncing around the sewer walls like a piece of popcorn.
Bucky closed his eyes, trying not to get mad at his friend; he couldn’t imagine what he was going through. It wasn't as if he hadn't dealt with this before. Steve had been positively murderous when Bucky had pulled him away from Peggy's corpse. There was no one else around, so Bucky ended up as Steve's figurative punching bag. He was more than happy to take the blows, gratified enough to know that Steve was taking it out on him instead of the streets where he'd most likely get killed. He knew that Clint was itching to head out there as well, ready to burn down the entirety of New York to find the people that had taken Coulson out. Luckily for Bucky, the rest of the team was on the same page as him, helping sequester Clint to the speakeasy until they figured something else out. And until they had a more definitive plan, Bucky had taken up the old mantle of whipping boy.
Usually when the team went out on missions, Clint could scrape by with jamming the comm deep into his ear, turning the volume all the way up. But anything could happen in a fight. Clint was always on the move, it doesn’t take much for the comm to shift farther out his ear. Causing him to miss certain things.
“If he’s dead,” Tony started, “then I just had a hell of a conversation with a ghost a few days ago.”
“Artificial Intelligence,” answered Bruce. “You built him?” he continued, looking at Tony with interest.
“Now is not the time for us to be paying the blame game,” Tony interjected. “I mean, we could probably sit here for days talking about all of the mistakes we’ve made. But we’ve got bigger fish to fry right now.”
“Yes,” Hill replied. “Think of it as a bastardized version of the super soldier serum. Once injected, it can rewrite your DNA for enhanced abilities. It you survived the procedure, that is.”
“Yea, Sam, Tony and I already got a call. He should almost be at Stark Industries now, he flew ahead in the suit.”
He walked through the rotting buildings, idling left as his memory took over, leading him to the vault of information. A concrete construction loomed in front of him, looking just as it did all those years ago when Phillips brought him here for the first time.
Steve closed his eyes, praying that Tony would forgive him. He needed more time. His team needed more time.
The rest of the team voiced their consent, Natasha’s eyes bright with amusement, Bruce shaking his head fondly. Clint leaned across the table and glowered at Bucky.
“Thanks, but no thanks,” Clint finally answered. “Not sure killing that twig would help in the long run. I don’t think Phil would much approve of it anyway.”
Tony shrugged with a smile. “We could watch the sunrise and what not. Seems like the exact kind of sappy crap you’d be into.”
Tony cracked his eyes open, locking in on one of the many assistants that Strange used. She was strangely clean; her scrubs looking as pristine as they would when they came from the package. Not looking like they had just been locked in a room with a one armed man who was bleeding buckets.
Steve pushed himself up, using his shield as a make shift crutch. The inside of the building looked worse than the outside, Tony’s office looking like a blackened, empty shell.
“Surely you can guess that similar measures would be taken to come and get me. Including terrorizing a few someone’s until you find the guy whose office is next to Fury’s.”
“Come on. We’re to meet upstairs.” He followed Romanoff into an elevator. He lost count of how many floors they passed, until they finally reached their destination.
It did almost kill them. The flight was long and excruciating, regardless of the fact that the quinjet’s superior design chopped a few hours off total airtime, as compared to a standard airplane. Steve tried everything as a distraction – and while some worked for a bit, the spell was broken every time by Tony making the slightest of moves. Which, knowing their hyperactive boyfriend, was every few minutes. He prattled between the cockpit and the hull, chatting with Clint about the new interface it had, to discussing a science journal he and Bruce were reading. He even decided that it was a good time to look at a slight operation snag in Natasha’s Bites that happened in the field. Apparently looking at an operational snag meant that he had to take the entire thing apart, with only his hands again –
Steve paused, and took in the scene in front of him. Belarus was beautiful – well, it would be, once HYDRA’s stain was removed. The town they were in was quaint, cobblestone streets and painted row houses surrounded him, greenery spilling into the cityscape through courtyards and open balconies. What was left, anyway. Some of the structures lay in ruin, a devastating consequence when the Avengers were in town.
Bucky laughed harder, breaking off into a couching fit. Steve reached for water, Bucky accepting it gratefully as the other man helped pour it down his throat.
It was almost ironic, feeling this type of fear. It was the same type of fear that the SSR had used all those years, just to make sure people stayed in line. Now it’s come back to bite him in the ass.
“Not fuckin’ fast enough,” Bucky sighed. “I never thought I’d ask this, but do you think you can put me back on ice until we get home? I might not make it.”
She didn’t reply, already sauntering out of the room, both Clint and Steve on her tail. Stepping back outside, Clint saw an old car, no doubt brought in by Natasha. They kept walking until she opened the trunk, the three of them peering at the cargo down below.
Steve thought morosely, chest throbbing for the missing limb that was Tony. Because he couldn't take in any comfort that Tony was still alive. Because defiant, stupid,
“Like I said, tracking him down has been a nuisance,” Fury continued. “We’ve tried to piece together a schedule, and routines that he may have had, but there’s nothing. A man of pure chaos, he is. That is, except for one thing, according to what we found on his personal effects. He does the same thing every Saturday at 1:00 PM, and every other Wednesday at 7:00 PM.”
“Tony, you came.” There was something hopeful, light in his voice that made Tony’s heart flutter. It was for him. He had chosen the very place they had met and significant dates for him. He always had been sappy in that way.
He stood up and quickly made his way to the couple. Tony gently but firmly placed his hands on the back of the man. He could feel the sweat soaking through the plain white shirt.
Memories flashed through Steve’s mind. There were countless times when Tony had shown up with a certain bruise that he always attributed to falling (because he was clumsy and exhausted) or an incident in the workshop while he was building something. Sometimes when Steve hugged Tony, he would wince or hiss in pain as though his entire body hurt. Tony said he didn’t sleep well or his workouts were especially grueling. Steve believed him, he didn’t think Tony would lie.
, Tony thinks as he pulls on one of his shirts, whose smell is starting to fade but it hurts Tony too much to even think about that, and huddles closer to the pillow as though he still had somebody beside him.
Steve dropped to his knees and Tony turned his face away in shame. Steve gently, hesitantly took Tony’s hands in his. He half expected Tony to pull his hands away, but he squeezed Steve’s hands. It was almost as though he was making sure that Steve really was there. The defensive wounds on his arms were clear and Steve gritted his teeth.
It was even more surprising since they had just come from a press conference after their recent explosive battle (many buildings were demolished) against one of Loki’s many minions. Steve had been attacked the most, as the leader of the Avengers.
Hell, he made it through his messy breakup with Pepper because of the team. They were a dysfunctional group, each with their own demons but they somehow managed to be the brightest light in his life.
At first Tony didn’t even know if it was all for him. Yes, he happened to go Stuttgart and sat on the steps of the building where they met. But it may have been because he wanted a reminder of when he was all patriotic and followed rules. The next time he was there it was on the anniversary of their first kiss. Then their first date. Then their first
He reminded himself of that as he dug through his drawers in the lab, looking for his hidden stash of alcohol that had gone untouched for years. He hadn’t needed it then.
This is my first time writing Marvel so I’m pretty scared, but we’ll see how this goes. I saw a challenge to put your music on shuffle and write for the song that plays for the duration of it. Now I’m posting it.
But he did. The man just kept smirking into the mirror, like he knew that Steve was watching them. The one thing that he managed to grit out was “Hail HYDRA,” making Steve’s blood boil.
“What I do know is that the other side can be fought with Fury. You’ve already told him everything you know about Pierce, he doesn’t need you for anything else.
Pietro pouted at him, running a hand through the silver that had already sprung up on top of the brown. “It makes me look more mature,” he replied, his faint accent filtering through the breeze. “Women like mature.”
Tony had met Colonel James Rhodes back in his college days; he was the only one who could handle Tony's shit, as well as fight back with some of his own. Sure, Tony had been a little devastated when Rhodey decided to choose to go to the military instead of coming to work for him. But turned out having an in with the military was always a plus. That and, Tony may or may not have pulled a few strings to make Rhodey the official military liaison for Stark Industries.
The sun rose over the horizon as Rogers approached the diner. Fury had a sick sense of humor, making the address an old watering hole of his.
“Tony, we’ve been stuck in the car for days,” Steve cut him off. “And I do understand the pressure we’re under here, but I have every faith that if something was even remotely close to going wrong, you would have let me know. I just,” he sighed again. “I just thought that we should take some time for ourselves, is all. We’ve been running ourselves into the ground; we deserve a night off.”
Tony flashed him a smile. “Just trying to be a team player. I’m going for employee of the month,” he chided.
He groaned, rubbing his hands over his worn face. He couldn’t deal with this now. The least he could do is find peace in his safe haven for a few more hours until Steve comes and drags him home. Or until he comes up with a better escape plan.
He turned to see Stark give an almost sheepish smile. “Steve and I seem to have a hard time following instructions.”
The world seemed to slip away as Tony started to drown in Steve’s kisses, his mind drifting to him and Steve on the beach, on the open road, even in a damn tent. It was so
He knocked on the door to the bedroom softly, ear pressed against the door. It was strange, having to knock at his own bedroom door, but he didn’t want to startle Steve. Tony had already checked the blonde’s own room and his office, to no avail. He should have assumed that Steve would go straight to Tony’s room. After all, he’s been staying there ever since Tony came back from his captivity.
The team nodded at him, stern concentration written across all of their faces. Nat took off to the right instantly, Sam and Bucky backing up, getting ready to charge around the back. Tony stood up, intent on following the other two, but Steve grabbed his shirt collar.
It was almost fate that you survived,” Stane laughed. “Turns out you had one last golden egg to lay.”
That’s when it caught up with him. How by saving the world, he was still killing off some of it. Taking lives. Being a bully. Erskine told him to be a good man, but here Steve was, no better than any of the Nazis.
His head was pounding, overwhelmed by the sound of the blast, accompanied by the screams of people around him. His body throbbed in pain, the threat of dark bruises already presenting itself. The blast had been big; even at the distance Tony was at was enough to do some damage.
Tony stared blankly out into the forest before him. A strong hand threaded through his fingers, stirring him from his thoughts. Turning, he found Steve smiling softly at him. “You ok?”
“Are you sure?” The skull chuckled. “You can’t even trust your own head anymore; you’ve gone too far off the rails. Am I real? Or am I the thing that plagues your head every night? Or am I both?”
Luckily, there was no one else in the dingy hallway when she stepped out, walking over to the door. Summer was a bitch here, but when the heat hit her skin and she closed her eyes, she could pretend that she was back in New York. Today was no different, the sun blazing in a cloudless sky. Natasha relished under it, starting the short journey back to her apartment. Upon crossing the parking lot, she saw Emily hopping into the backseat of her dad’s car. She caught Natasha’s gaze and waved enthusiastically as if they’d already spent eons apart. Natasha chuckled, unable to stop herself from waving back. The car took off and Natasha forced herself to look away. No need to head down that road again.
“And that someone will be a pencil pusher for someone else who has the office right next to Fury’s.”
“You’re not affiliated with me!” shouted Steve, before he was cut off by his watch beeping. “Oh shit,” Steve whispered under his breath. “I’m late. Listen, I gotta be somewhere.”
Pepper smiled. “Thank you, Nick. See you later.” With a tip of his hat, Nick stepped wawy from the elevator, letting the doors close.
Sure Hulk was dangerous, Steve still always treading lightly when it came to the immense beast to try and form a bond with him. But Bruce was always there, just a quirky man with a warm smile and a cup of tea that would lend a guiding hand to Steve no matter the time or place.
and he got off the book. All Tony knew was that he would call, and then somehow, some way, Strange would create a sterile location for him to do his work. Tony had seen him save a life in the back of a school bus once.
“My informant from the NYPD gave them to me this morning. Someone found the bodies washed up on the shore. Ballistics report confirm your weapons, Stark.”
“No,” Steve interrupted. “It’s more than that, more than the fight. Something’s wrong with us. And I know you know. But I don’t. Bucky and I clearly have done something wrong here, or maybe said something that’s got you acting strange. Whatever it was, I’m sure it was just a misunderstanding, so just tell me.”
“You remember Rumlow? Well, when The Captain and his boys picked him up, Stane had installed a tracker into his tooth; we’ve already got a potential lock on where The Captain’s base is stationed. I say we go and light up the place.”
Steve shot a glance over to Clint, who had curled away from the noise, as if pretending it didn't exist.
Natasha rolled her eyes and pulled away. “You’ve got your job, and I’ve got mine. It’s sweet of your to worry about me, but I’m fine. We’re fine.”
Steve checked his watch before starting the engine, pulling out into the street. He had left early, but Sam’s pestering accompanied with his own jumpy anticipation had the man driving to his engagement with ample time to get there. Lord knows he had a lengthy laundry list of instances where he'd been, well, late. It was a work in progress.
Bucky watched as Clint grinned, almost feral, before letting an arrow fly. The choked shout that followed was all the proof Bucky needed. Not that he actually need any; Clint never missed. Bucky turned and saw the man twitching helplessly on the ground, long arrow piercing out of his upper left shoulder.
“Dammit. DAMMIT!” Barton slammed his hands down on to the steering wheel after making a sharp right onto the main road.
for it not to go away. It was coming for him again. The cold. It was reaching out, its grip tight around his throat, and he can’t, he can’t,
Steve stopped him before he could leave. “Wait. When you find anything, don’t come back here. It was risky enough that you’ve showed up a few times already. But now we know that people are watching us, and I’m not gonna let you lead them straight to me and my people.”
“No!” Tony interjected. “Not a whole street. I mean, I can. I think? I’m not really sure about the logistics, but it that was something that you wanted, and oh, that’s a no,” he trailed off when he saw Steve’s face. “It’s not a whole street. Just a few buildings on said street.”
“No kidding,” Steve breathed. “We need a win; something to remind everyone about the common goal ahead.”
“What do I do, Steve?” Bucky gazed at Steve with hopeful eyes. “You’re the only friend I got, Steve. You gotta help me.”
It didn't become unbearable until they started cutting. It didn't look like much, just little flicks of their knives here and there. Along his collarbone, the inside of his thighs, down the stretch of his arms. It took Steve too long to figure out that each cut just went that much deeper. That after each cut, they'd dig back in, moving the blade around the open wound. It was then, where Tony fell back into silence, only to speak again, not with words, but with pained groans. A small moan here, a tiny gasp there. They were quiet, Steve barely able to pick them up. That after everything, Tony was still trying to be strong for Steve.
King Howard nodded, gesturing for his daughter to take a seat at the table in his chambers, his cape dragging behind him as he sat down heavily on his chair. He spared a tired smile for his beloved wife, who was sat beside him, and tried to gain hope as he saw the smile returned.
Steve blinked, taken aback. Never before had such a thing happened in his castle. He had heard of other nobles who had found themselves in his situation, and had also heard of far too many maidens who had suffered such violence, but he would have never thought of the possibility of said acts happening inside his own palace.
Not plagued by any worries, they dressed themselves – or Steve’s did, as Tony had not removed much clothing – and made sure to appear presentable before making their way outside the room.
And yet, above all these excellencies, the one she mastered most completely was the art of war: she learnt to ride horses, to handle and forge weaponry and armor, and to take part in sparring with as much vigor and enjoyment as if she had been a strong and battle-hardened soldier instead of a young maiden. Indeed, she was so skilled in combat and in the creation of its tools that she proved herself a worthy opponent for her father’s finest knights.
it was too much. Each press of Steve’s fingers, each breath ghosted over his cock. Another zing of electricity though his body and suddenly Tony couldn’t handle it. “Stop!” he cried.
Steve felt Tony suck in a quick breath, but didn’t respond, opting to instead grab at one of Steve’s hands, linking them together. Steve clutched back tightly, gripping Tony as a life line. “How long?” Tony finally asked.
“Are you willing to take that risk?” When Steve didn’t answer, Loki continued. “You wanted my advice? Well, here it is. Give them Stark.”
Steve jabbed a finger at her chest. “You’re not the boss of me anymore. And if you wanted me to sit complacent in bed, you should have thought about delivering this garbage to me after I was discharged,” he finished, wagging the crumpled list in his hand.
“And this?” Tony laughed wetly, as he wiped at one of his fallen tears with his other hand. “This is the pièce de résistance.”
Sam hummed. “Not bad. It’ll be nice to finally be able to sit back, let the law finally pull their weight in this city. Looks like we won’t even have to get our hands dirty.”
Steve hummed in agreement. “They had eyes and ears everywhere. Mobs learned very quickly that if they were to step out of line, the SSR would cut them off cold turkey, feeding unlimited info to their rivals until they were all eradicated. But no one fought them for power – as the years went on, their strength and knowledge only grew. They could get information on anything and anyone. Mobs feared them, but didn’t dare try to get rid of them.”
Steve sucked in a deep breath. “Before we start today, I would just like to say something. There’s been a lot of anger and confusion over the last few months due to
Now that was another problem. Steve had promised to never let Tony out of his sight again, and now it was their first time back in the field since the last incident, and Steve had already managed to put Tony in danger.
He knew Bucky echoed his own predicament. He could feel the tension radiating off the other man, paired with the tapping of his metal fingers on the table, in time with the broken clock. The two men had their thighs pressed together, and about what Steve could assume was three days ago, he’d reached down and grabbed at Bucky’s leg to stop it from jerking; he’d been unable to move it since, now gripping it like a lifeline, feeling the heat from Bucky’s leg pool under his hand.
Stane rounded Pierce’s desk and grabbed him by the lapels of his jacket. “The explosion at The Captain’s base.
good. That all these months Tony was just cozying up to The Captain, gathering intel for HYDRA. That everything was one big show. Tony knew it was complete bullshit.
Clint flinched, but pointed back down to the unconscious fireman. “Listen, Steve. You can chew me out later. Let’s deal with this first.”
He could see the uncertainty looming in Steve’s eyes. The tiny fear that his love was finally being rejected. But Tony just smiled, moving his hand far enough to kiss the fear away. When he leaned back, he stared into Steve’s endless eyes.
“Tony,” Steve sighed. “It’s a family thing; we’ll all be together,” argued Steve. “We’ll be creating memories for Peter.”
“What, you waiting for marriage?” Steve huffed in response, before continuing to lay a siege of bites along Tony’s neck.
Steve stumbled to find his footing, dragging Natasha over to one of the abandoned desks, barely managing to cover her body with his own before the ceiling was coming down on both of them.
“Yes,” Natasha confirmed. “He and Bucky are already writing them down. He said he’ll shoot over a list of which ones are empty after they’ve all been checked.”
"Hey, you can't go in there!" The agent's yell wasn't directed at him, but at Clint, who had decided that he had waited long enough, charging straight into the warzone.
“And I will gladly do that. But until then, it stays put," Yinsen panted, checking over the barricade he'd constructed. "I know you’ve heard the guards shouting out there. The bomb’s gone off, killing their men. I’m assuming it hit some of their stolen weapon stash as the blast went off, making it so huge.”
Clint walked towards the door, stopping when be heard Fury call back to him. “Oh, and Barton? The next time you even think about taking an unplanned vacation- ”
“Oh, are you too busy right now?” Steve snapped, unable to hold the remark in. “Of course you are, you’re always busy. God forbid we have a conversation about this, and- ”
Steve thought to himself. ‘A few more minutes’ is what he told Tony last time he asked to come out. And the time before that. Truthfully, the whole process should have only taken a few minutes, but no matter what Steve did, he never felt satisfied with the end result. But he knew he couldn’t put it off any longer. Steve groaned quietly, thinking again what a stupid idea this was before walking back to their car to let Tony out.
"No, that's not possible." Pepper shook her head, biting her lip. “You don’t understand. Tony built all of our firewalls. Not even the Pentagon can crack through them; believe me, they’ve tried. There’s no way some second-rate mobsters managed to hack into a Stark Industries account, let alone Tony’s.”
Bucky stared down at his phone, still leaning against Steve’s door. Who knew how long he'd been since trying to reason with his friend. Although Steve had promised to get some sleep, Bucky found himself perched on guard in front of his door, protecting Steve from any threats. Protecting Steve from himself. He was halfway through a response to Stark when his phone chimed again.
Bucky’s breath hitched. That couldn’t be true. Could it? Steve’s name had been a trade secret ever since the SSR was finally taken out. It was Steve’s idea, but it was the one that guaranteed their survival. If HYDRA had known that the SSR’s shining star had survived the final fallout, they’d barely live to see the sunset. It was better this way; constructing a new identity until Steve had enough forces to take out HYDRA once and for all. When everything was said and done, the pair realized it was just easier to keep up the charade. The looming name of ‘The Captain’ gave Steve the street credit he needed to raise The Commandos to the top tiers of New York’s mob scene, and no one on the outside ever found out about the valuable secrets that Steve still had access to.
Pierce turned to look at his associate, staring at him with a feral grin. “I didn’t say anything about scaring The Captain.”
Steve kicked at a trash can, sending it spinning down the alley. Today was enough to confirm his suspicions about HYDRA, and now everything was already going to shit. Stark never denied his logic about HYDRA, meaning he probably thought Steve was right. No one was stupid enough to attack Tony Stark in broad daylight without a death wish.
Steve grabbed at the bottoms of his thighs and suddenly Tony was air born, the brunette wrapping his legs around Steve on instinct. Steve walked slowly and blindly, his mouth never leaving Tony’s, moving them back over to the bed.
“Only if you’re a good boy,” Tony chided, leading Clint out of the lab. He walked ahead, letting Clint dart off to grab his own weapons before they made their way to the car. Tony only let himself pause over the couch where he’d been stabbed in the back, grabbing his phone.
Clint took off down the alleyway, charging straight into the street. Horns blared, but the man refused to move, standing his ground as a car came to a screeching halt in front of him.
Loki flashed him a shark like grin. “Intimidation won’t work on me, Pierce. Besides, both us know that I’m not the one who should be afraid.”
Sure, he missed the rest of the team like a missing limb, but he wasn’t worried. He’d ask Tony if he could find them later today. He probably already had. Sleeping with one of the world’s most brilliant men had its perks, of course.
His blood was pounding as he sped down the streets, swerving through cars, willing himself to go faster. Hammer was lying, right? No one had ever been able to find where the base was.
Tony shot Yinsen a glare, ignoring how the man’s smile grew, instead shifting around on the cot until he managed to snag the blanket between his good fingers, hoisting it over his body for some semblance of warmth. “Well, you can just forget your Christmas bonus.”
There was. Out, towards the middle of the river, stood a single man. Warning bells shot up in Steve’s mind, but he ignored them as he carefully stepped onto the ice. It didn’t matter. Nothing mattered until his family was safe.
Steve stared up at the brownstones in front of him. Tony was right about one thing; there was a ton of natural light. He was sure that it would look absolutely stunning for the inside, the floor to ceiling glass looking out over the rest of Brooklyn. Steve would work from a simple easel, looking on recreating the bridge he could see out the window in front of him, his mind quiet, while Tony tapped away on a tablet, soaking up the sun like a cat on a settee with a few potted plants that surrounded him. Bucky would be clanging around in the kitchen, no doubt trying some new recipe he found online. Some of the windows would be open so they could hear the foot traffic down below, but more importantly to catch whiffs of coffee and scones from the shop down the block.
meeting; he saw me and you. Everyone knows who I am, but no one should know who you are. If anyone saw us, they would have assumed I was hanging out with a low rate hooker," he said, ignoring Steve's glare. "But somehow, somebody managed to pick up on the fact that I was meeting with The Captain. He saw your face. Which means he knows who you are.”
He looked back up shyly, hesitantly meeting Steve’s gaze again. Steve looked back, his mouth parted as he tried to from a response.
“Well, whoever it is, they seem to be pretty serious. We know about your involvement with some of New York’s gangs- ”
He woke to a wet tongue licking a stripe across his cheek. He groaned, trying to bat it away, but it only encouraged the tongue to start on his fingers, chasing the remnants of his earlier eaten snack away. “Lucky,” he hissed, more like an unintelligible moan, as he tried to hide into his pillow. The movement did stop the licking, but victory was short and sweet, as a cold nose jabbed him in the base of his neck.
There was a long silence before the prisoner finally looked up to glare at the two of them. Greasy, unruly locks covered a pale face. Loki was almost unrecognizable in the cell; Pierce grinned at the the man's current state. He'd told his boys that their most recent inmate was not their top priority, and it seems that they took it to heart. It looked like they had some lingering beef with the Norwegian as well.
“Hey.” Tony forced Steve to meet his eyes. “This is just another job. We’re Avengers. We’ll get it done.” He pressed another chaste kiss to Steve’s lips.
“It happened to you, it doesn’t have to happen to me! You got a picture, let me see her! Show me the picture and as soon as I see her, I’ll take off in the other direction. I’ll marry someone else! She’ll be safe; she’ll be out of your memories then. Just give her up.”
They had come so close to losing it all again many times in the past few months. He knew that everyone was getting desperate, trying to hold on to each other as they hurdled closer and closer to destruction. It seemed that with each passing day, Bucky was reminded that they still had room to hit rock bottom.
Tony shrugged. “Maybe, maybe not. Probably a waste of time considering I’ve been hacking into the FBI’s database since my drunken college days. Seriously, I could pinpoint you in minutes.”
Silence fell between the two of them, Clint just zoning in on Phil’s soft breathing that reached over the phone. Another date cancelled. Of course, Clint can’t blame it on Phil; he had cut out on him more than once. Except, instead of protecting the citizens, it was usually for reasons more along the lines of muggings someone or breaking and entering. With everything that’s been happening, the time the pair actually got to spend together was drifting further and further apart. It wasn’t like this was the first time they’d both been busy dealing with their respective empires, but the reappearance of HYDRA was doing them no favors.
The Captain looked down at his hands. “I know you don’t think much of me, but this… I never intended for- ” he broke off with a huff. “I posted two men at the hospital, just in case HYDRA came back to try and finish the job.”
Steve blinked, not even realizing the beating had stopped. After a while, Steve had focused in on Tony's eyes, making sure that they were still open.
"Why am I not surprised? Sure, you might be right. HYDRA is probably still out there. But what you've forgotten is that I didn't care the first time they were around, and I sure didn't want to care now. It was never my problem! But you've just made it my problem." Tony broke off, thinking of Happy's still form. The Captain just stared back at him. "What, nothing to say? HYDRA never once came after me, but now all of a sudden they're attacking me and my people. And why is that? Maybe because some fucking airhead decided that I could help dismantle them a second time. Someone knew you met with me, Captain. And now they think I'm working with you. They should be after you, but
“This is The Captain,” Tony interjected. “But I’m sure you already knew that.” Tony turned to face the group again. “I’ve given Yinsen all of your files, redacted, of course. It’s just so he sees your face as a friendly.”
It’s how she was taught; what the Red Room forced into her brain. She didn’t know any better. This was how she survived. Natasha felt a tear slip down her cheek.
to be in control. How much longer before they strike? How much longer until he wouldn’t be staring at a hospital bed, but a grave?
Clint paused, fist raised to deliver another blow. He looked closer at the man trapped underneath him. Tony Stark looked up at him blearily, hands wiping at his eyes.
While their fathers went off to conduct business at the expo, Tony and Thor had managed to come to blows. Well, if Tony remembered correctly, it started with a comment from his asshole brother. Regardless, it ended with Thor trying to brain Tony with an industrial hammer and Tony trying to run the foreigner down with his father’s latest roadster, both men causing the near destruction of a small town. The aftermath that ensued landed both Tony and Thor with another red mark on their already stained police records and with a horrendous shaming from the business world for years. Howard unleashed a fury Tony had never seen before, leaving him to crawl back to MIT to lick his wounds, not returning home until after his graduation. From what Tony heard, Thor got cut off from Asgard for months until he returned with some sense of ‘honor’ or some shit.
Steve had spent most of his life in New York City, but never once had he cursed traffic as much as this. Each time Tony stepped on the brakes to slow the car to a stop, Steve itched to jump out and run away. Each minute ticked by, mocking him silently. Not only because it seemed to move slower, but also because he wasn’t sure how much longer they had, because he had no idea where they were going.
Stepping into the lab this time, however, seemed wrong. Nothing was as it should be. Men in suits trampled through the lab like they owned the place, digging through research and poking around where they shouldn’t. Clint clenched his jaw as he ripped one of Tony’s notebooks out of some agent’s hands. “Excuse me,” he hissed. “What the hell do you think you’re doing?”
Steve placed the table down while Pietro zoomed around the room, picking up the fallen dishes. Tony snapped the gauntlets off as Wanda lifted the chairs back to their rightful position. Steve nodded to his older son, Tony noticing that the man had inched closer to the closet that contained his shield, just in case. Pietro walked over to the door quietly, peering outside as he opened it.
There were theories of course, of what The Captain would look like. Most followed the typical Hollywoodesque belief that he was some version of the Godfather, sitting in a dark room with a cigar, commanding his forces with a flick of his wrist.  There were even some that even thought that The Captain was not one person, but a whole network of people with eyes and ears everywhere.
Checking his phone, he noticed he had a text from Sam saying that Thor was still at the police station. If what Thor had told them yesterday was true, then Loki might be out of the picture for good. The blonde was over at the station right now, with Sam keeping an eye on him from the distance, no doubt getting a complete report from the officers on duty. Of course, now that Loki has been arrested, Steve could only think about the presence of Pierce. Would be drop the charges on Loki? Would he throw out the case entirely? Or would be go so far as to cover it up by blaming an innocent?
“I’m not a good man, Tony,” replied Steve, finally looking up to meet Tony’s gaze. “I can’t keep you safe; I can’t give you the life you deserve.”
Now, hours later, Tony sat at the abandoned bar of the speakeasy, twirling a tumbler of scotch in his hand. He’d sat there many times before – after long days at the office, when arguments with Pepper or Rhodey went sour. He even used it as a hideout from his parents a few times. It would just he him and a single malt, shutting out the world for a few hours of peace.
Steve felt a weight being lifted from his chest as he relaxed into his chair, unable to hide a small smile that formed from hearing the teasing voice.
he tried to shout, smoke inhalation causing him to break off into a coughing fit. Steve tried to stumble towards the flames when arms pulled him back again.
“He’s not the only one,” Steve breathed. “I want everyone available looking for him.” Steve groaned, rubbing at his forehead. “This wouldn’t have happened if I- ”
“No. It would be a too cataclysmic change for the future. But we can’t leave his future self running around in this time.”
Steve tried not to soften at Tony’s admission; every time Tony uttered those words would turn Steve’s insides to goop. It was also a dirty trick, and Steve saw right through it. “Nice try,” Steve smiled, dropping a kiss on Tony’s scowl. “We’re doing it. And taking a picture at each one.”
No, Strange had come bursting through the door, telling Tony that he had finished with Barnes. Which of course meant that Rogers, no different than a lost puppy, raced in to see the other man. Unfortunately, he didn’t give Tony a chance to run off again, as he grabbed the smaller brunette and dragged him along.
“Steve,” Sam called him over. “Your boy Stark does some nice work. Think he’ll make me something if I ask nice?”
Loki sighed again. “That’s the thing, Captain. You don’t get to choose. It’s either Option A, or B. You don’t get both.”
“Don’t,” he bit out coldly. “I am going to New York. I am going to prove to you that Tony Stark is alive and well. Now you can either stay here and mope or you can come with me.”
And just like that, everything was gone, fury filling his veins, a roaring anger pounding in his ears. He moved to grip Coulson at his shoulders, jerking the man back. “
When they reached the lab entrance, Steve looked down at Tony. “Now are you gonna behave or am I going to have to carry you up these stairs?”
He was about to reach for the door when he paused, hand freezing as it reached out for the handle. Uncertainty, once again, crept through his veins and he turned to look back at his creation. An inviting fire burned in the center, the glow illuminating mismatched pillows and blankets that littered both the truck bed and the ground. A small cooler propped open revealed the makings of smores and gas station whiskey. Steve had even strung some LED string lights on the tree next to them, the bulbs twinkling next to the stars. A small radio sat on a log, quietly playing what Steve assumed was the only classic rock station in the entire state. He’d also gone as far as getting a mini grill, prepped and ready to fry up some burgers.
“You find the intruder?” Steve kept his voice level, but in no way was he calm. Months of pent up frustration screamed for him to spill blood.
The victims ranged all across the spectrum in age, race, and even gender. They happened over a multitude of states, some bunched together quickly, others separated by months at a time. In fact, there was so little information about these murders, it was almost impossible how someone had managed to link them together.
Tony didn’t even stop to land on the ground; he flew straight into the burning mess that was his office.
Someone was screaming; maybe it was him, who knows. All he knows is that all of a sudden, glass is shattering around him as his fist punched straight through the window. Hands were pulling him back away from the window, but Steve pushed back, desperately trying to get to Tony.
But he didn’t. He went north, to New York City. He found Riley’s sister, told her what a hero her brother was. She had smiled – Riley’s smile – and said that she knew. They
Bucky wanted nothing more than to run back inside, grab his friend by the shoulders and try to shake some sense into him. But he couldn’t. Telling Steve that they all knew about his secret meetings with Loki would only lead to bad news. They had the upper hand; they could keep Steve safe as well as keeping Steve from feeling betrayed that he was meeting with Stark.
It was too soon before both men broke apart, gasping for air, Steve proceeding to continue his conquest by placing searing kisses down along Tony’s neck. “Missed you,” the blonde uttered quickly, as if not wanting his lips away from Tony’s skin for a prolonged about of time. Tony’s heart clenched at the thought of Steve sitting along, desperately trying to find Tony day in and day out. He could feel his emotions getting the best of him so Tony reached down, jerking Steve’s mouth back to reconnect with his.
“Hey hot stuff.” She found their man at a small café, just a few blocks from the tower. Apparently he needed a breather after the interrogation he just got out of. With Thor and Steve. Yikes.
The heat that came with the fog, however, had him changing his mind. It was smoke. Tony jolted upright, seeing thick clouds of it billow into the room. Without thinking twice, Tony stumbled to his feet, ripping off his jacket. Wrapping it around his hand, Tony fumbled for the handle, throwing the door open.
Looking back down at Steve, he counted each of the deep breaths that whooshed out from his firm chest. Tony frowned, looking at the state the man was in. The usual fluff from his blonde locks was gone, replaced by dirt and grease. Dark pouches sat underneath each closed eye, a huge contrast to the sickly pallor of his skin. He had seen this look before; Steve working himself to the point of exhaustion. That look usually did not bode well. Tony reached his hand not clasped in Steve’s to brush a few locks out of his face. After everything, the man definitely needed his sleep.
Barnes peeked his head back around the corner he disappeared from. “Is this your way of telling me you like me?”
was safe. He was alive and warm under Tony, pulse frantic under his touch, skin life fire to the touch. It was getting too much for them, Tony could tell. They were a mess, pressed tightly together, the only sounds coming between them were wet gasps as they pretended one or both of them were not crying.
Still not tearing his gaze away from Tony’s chest, Steve nodded slowly. “Okay,” the blonde’s voice wavering slightly. “Okay, I’ll take you home.”
But Tony was shaking his head, pulling back from Steve’s embrace. “Haven’t I already?" he asked. "God, look at what happened today. And earlier this week, Clint snagged my coffee and I wanted to
Loki rolled his eyes. “Please. I know that you pieced together that Coulson was a mole. You weren’t going to let him live.”
“Which is why,” continued Steve, “they need to be informed. We might have people out looking for him, but the police have resources we don’t have. I want every available set of eyes out looking to bring Tony home.”
Tony cursed at what he must look like; no better than a teenage girl clutching to the whims of hopes and dreams. If only his father could see him now.
Steve found out pretty quickly that the man basically lived on two things: coffee and conflict. He always managed to push Steve buttons, even manage to find buttons Steve didn’t even knew he had. Tony was rude, always showing up to meetings at SHIELD late, either completely drained or disinterested. Whenever he did pay attention, he was cracking jokes and issuing snide remarks to anyone within firing range, which usually ended up being Steve. Tony was conflicting. The man could be completely at peace on moment, and then a few misplaced words later, and Tony was nothing but a pure spitfire, shouting brash words at Steve until he stomped off to sulk in lab for days. Steve walked on eggshells, trying to get the man to take care of himself, all the while not lighting his short fuse.
Enjoy your gift; you guys definitely deserved a nice mellow chapter after all the craziness I've already dragged you through.
“Yes, you are,” Tony scoffed. “You can’t deny that you and Bucky don’t like some of the Extremis side effects. When we went on that run with Sam? You couldn’t keep that dopey smile off your damn face. And I definitely look younger. My grays are gone, and- ”
Tony shot another harsh glance at Pepper. “Fine. I’ll be ready in ten.” He started to walk towards his suite, catching Obie grimace down at his phone.
Steve was never one to admit that it was actually fun, exciting even, but now, he couldn’t imagine going a week without it.
Screw the bullet; Steve Rogers was going to kill this man. “Fuck it,” Steve swore. “I don’t have time for this.” Without another moment of hesitation, Steve brought his arms around Stark’s waist and under his knees, carrying the man bridal style.
"Hey- " Sam tried to protest, but was cut off by Stark swiftly reaching behind him, only to jam a side arm into Sam’s neck.
Steve pressed. “None of The Commandos besides Bucky knew where any of the information was located; they didn’t know where to look to find it! How could HYDRA, after all these years, finally find where everything was located?”
“Trust me when I tell you’ve that I’ve done a whole lot more to get a whole lot less,” joked Tony. “Come on; let me finish giving you the nickel tour.” Behind the double doors of the bar was a spacious and up to date kitchen, stocked with every food imaginable. Beyond that, Tony led Steve and the others down another hallway, the wood floors creaking underneath their steps.
“You didn’t notice this entire time he was gone?” Bucky asked, steering the conversation away from that dreadful day. “You had no contact?”
“I do. Loki might be the root of our problems, but you are not without blame. You kept Steve Rogers from me and you played a part in me losing Stark.”
It was just over a few weeks later that it hit him. Bucky had been stewing in bed, cursing the whole Stark name when the idea came to him. He tumbled out of bed and rushed over to his laptop, pulling up the most recent interview with the engineer. It was the same as the first thirty times he had seen it. Nothing more than a simple statement about how Stark Industries was working with the city to fix the damage done by Stane. How he would be personally donating in honor of the employees that he lost. It was quick, nothing more than ten minutes. In and out, no questions.
“I don’t see anyone from the old days, Steve,” Sam sighed. “Excluding present company, of course, but we’re already pushing our luck.”
Tony groaned, rubbing at his temples. If Pepper hadn’t called yet, there was probably nothing for him to sign. Either that, or it was the weekend, Tony wasn’t really sure.
What makes The Captain so terrifying is that with everything people have heard about the guy, no one knows anything about him. No one has any clue what he looks like, no idea how many Commandos are out there.
“You think you’re so clever, don’t you?” mocked The Skull. “You waltzing up here like you still have all the power? I’m sorry to disappoint you, but you don’t; you never have. Even while you’ve been running amuck in this city with your hounds, I’ve been here. Even when you’ve cut new deals and made new allies, I’ve been here. Waiting, waiting for the right moment to strike.”
missed something. Pierce had sat idly by when Tony Stark released the name of ‘Joseph Grant.’ While Pierce was the only one who knew it was fake, he didn’t comment, just thinking that Stark had gotten it wrong for once. Was it really just an act the whole time? Were Rogers and Stark ever enemies?
These thoughts plagued him the rest of the drive, amounting to a throbbing migraine by the time Steve was easing off the highway and onto rural roads. Even though it had been ages since he’d been able to check up on this one, he still knew the road like the back of his hand, his eyes easily finding the familiar surroundings of the nearby terrain.
Everyone walked around with their heads in the cloud, like they didn’t have a care in the world. There was so much more that this century can offer, that people had no idea that they’ve lost so much more.
Barton was silent for a long moment, the arched tearing his eyes away from Tony. “I understand, you know. Why you can’t trust us. Hell, I never thought I could ever trust anyone like I do with them. Growing up in the circus, there was no trust. You were always on your own. I was only eight when I started sleeping with a dagger under my pillow because I didn’t want people to come and steal my things.”
“Why, because I’m not like you?” Tony snapped, spinning back around. “I’m not a soldier, Barnes. I don’t exactly do the whole chain of command thing. Hell, the entire concept of the words ‘team player’ are completely foreign to me. But I’m not going to sit around here and twiddle my thumbs. Screw that,” he hissed, trying to stomp away again.
Tony opened his mouth to object before someone else said, "What about the Captain? He's tried to take out SI before."
“No can do,” Tony replied, fixing his bowtie in the mirror. “In fact, oh, right on time,” he continued, watching as Bucky pushed open the bedroom door, a tray stacked with sandwiches and chips. “He’ll be too busy looking after you.”
Still looking at the two men, Tony could see the exact moment The Captain saw the treat he left for them. The Captain stared at the empty sugar bag and water bottles, and then back to the car. Tony could barely hear him shout, “He’s ruined the gas tank! Get another car!”
get off my best friend who, might I remind you, is laying in a hospital bed after being held captive for three months and is still recovering from collapsing in the sewers not just three days ago?”
Bucky threw Clint to the ground, choking off the other man’s screams, trying to protect him from gunfire. Clint tried to stand back up, but Bucky was one step ahead, pushing him back down to the ground.
“Sounds good to me,” Steve retorted, ducking down at the last second as bullets flew over their heads. Even though he couldn’t see Clint, Steve could hear the occasional swear or taunt from above them.
But his legs were lead and his feet stone, and he remained frozen, listening to the city around him. That, and a familiar jingle.
“What do you want me to say?” Phil spit out. “To fess up and say I was in on it the whole time? You know what? You’re right, Sir. It was me. I went and put a hit on myself so I could get the extra vacation days.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re supposed to shake it, asshole!” Steve jumped at his tone, sticking him hand out to firmly meet Tony’s. His hands were callused, hard from labor, yet they were still gentle into Steve’s hand. “Tony. Tony Stark.”
There were a few mumbled answers. "HYDRA? There have been whispers about them," one said loudly enough.
“Did you really think Loki was on your side?” Skull chuckled, pulling out a gun. “That he would keep your secrets? The game is over, Captain.”
Bucky sucked in a sharp breath, no doubt trying to regulate his heart rate. “Don’t defend me, Steve. God, what am I doing? You’re still recovering. I’ll go get Bruce, and- ”
Tony smiled as Steve’s voice pulled him from his own thoughts. Tony looked down, his figure wrapped in bed, under a mound of blankets. “Humor me,” he replied to the blonde.
Pounding on his door roused Steve. Looking at his clock, Steve could see that it was still the middle of the night. He groaned, but pushed himself out of bed.
The main floor of the warehouse had been repurposed to a makeshift gym and training area for the mob, filled with hand-me-down workout equipment and overused practice targets. Sand littered the floor from when Steve went a little too hard with the punching bag, broken windows from a bad throw or two during knife practice, and the air was more than a little stale from the poor ventilation throughout the floor.
Clint gave a small nod, but Steve could tell it wasn’t enough. Steve sighed. “Why don’t you go out and shadow him? Just until he’s out of uniform. You’re not going to be of any use here; might as well give your mind some peace.”
Tony shook his head. Steve swallowed around another wave of grief passed that through him. Instead, he plastered on a smile and walked over to Tony. “Here, I’ll teach you how to make them. You’re going to love ‘em. I’ve never been able to manage a double decker S’more, but that engineering degree you have might actually come in handy for once.”
“You did,” Sam answered plainly. “And I think I understand him enough to know that if he were here, he’d be telling you to get your head out of your ass. The job’s not done yet.”
Pierce and Stane stared into the cell in front of them. "I told you it was worth the view," he murmured to the bald man next to him.
“You know, the last time I saw him we had a fight.” Pepper’s eyes softened as Steve continued. “I yelled at him; For heaven’s sake Pepper, I called him Howard. I’ve never hated myself more than after the things I said to him. And then I went to the lab, and I saw him, and I just- ” Steve broke off into fresh sobs, his hands cupping his face, catching every single tear. “He was dying and I thought I was too late again. Too late to tell him that I was sorry or that I loved him. I thought I wouldn’t be able to tell him that ever again.”
“Well, you’re Tony Stark,” Steve started. “You’ve sat with generals, celebrities, foreign dignitaries. You’ve probably eaten at places that I couldn’t dream to get a reservation in, eating meals that cost more than my total grocery bill, wearing clothes that I’ve only ever seen in pictures. I would never be able to compete with that. But I don’t think you’d want me to," Steve confessed. Tony smiled into the blonde's chest. Steve had a way of knowing things about Tony that he didn't even know.
Fury scoffed. “What, am I just supposed to take your word on this? I shake hands with now, only to find out your lead is nothing but is a pile of horseshit?”
He started looking forward to SHIELD consultations; giving him some form of excitement. Not like he would ever tell Fury for that matter. Or Pepper.
“Alright, then. Let’s get started.” Barton bounded over to him. Loki prepared himself for another punch, but nothing came. He looked up to meet Barton’s eyes, only to find the man staring angrily down at him.
“You do? Is he another mob man? If he’s running HYDRA, he’s gotta be a prominent figure, but I don’t think I have any files on anyone named Pierce.”
“Tomorrow morning,” Steve answered, probably too quickly. He had hoped that it would have been left at that, but Steve knew as soon as Tony asked where the conversation was heading. He could almost hear the gears spinning in his head.
Horns blared and tires screeched, Tony thrown into the side of the car as Clint barely missed a head-on collision. “Phil’s, there?” he asked, face drawn and pale. The car jumped forward without Tony’s response, Clint drawn to the chance of seeing the other man.
Tony froze at the admission, fury raging beneath his skin, everything starting to click into place. That man had taken everything from his. His parents, his company.
“Clint, I can’t let you go over there,” Bucky pleaded, his eyes wild as he tried to grab at Clint again. “Clint,
The Captain stomped over to Tony, puffing up his chest. Any weaker man probably would have wet his pants but Tony wasn’t buying it. “I don’t take orders from you,” hissed The Captain.
But it didn't explain why he was still alive. HYDRA didn't seem to have a problem with setting off a bomb with him in it -
Tony smirked, eyeing a clearly nervous Barton. “And you’re supposed to have the best eyes around here. That’s embarrassing.”
The man she was chatting up obviously recognized them. “Wait, you work for the Avengers? I’m out of here.” The man took off sprinting down the road.
Clint frowned, but he knew his boyfriend was right. An unfortunate side effect of working on the side of the law meant that you actually had to follow the law. A bit overrated, if you as him. “This is why I should be your CI! People would be less suspicious if they thought your tips came from one.”
Tony pulled back, but left his forehead pushed against Steve’s. “I’m still with you. Can’t get rid of me that easy. I’m like a really sexy fungus.”
“Well,” he started. “Coulson’s our man on the inside now. We’re not going to want to pull our last remaining link to HYDRA, especially now that we know his boss is in charge of the whole operation. But.”
“And why not?” Tony argued, unable to stop the vicious thoughts to pass through his head. “I’m sure you’ll so just fine.” Steve could adapt anywhere; he
Clint knew how people worked. Past experience taught him that failing people usually meant a bullet in the head. And Clint had failed Captain America. Clint knew how Steve had gone off the handle after Bucky had fallen from the train, ending with a decimated HYDRA base and a plane in the ice. Lord only knows what he’d do now that Clint had let Tony die.
“You have to. You have to be the one to look after them now. Keep their noses clean and their heads down. Do it for the last wish of a free man.
Tony frowned, but let Obie usher him from his chair and walk him towards the door. "Fix this, Obie," he said. He got another pat on the back before he was pushed through the door, the heavy wood closing firmly behind him.
Barton scoffed. “Well I’m sorry to say that foot soldiers like you aren’t always kept in the loop. Which, speaking of,
Tony giggled in his lap, biting his lip, and Steve was unable to lean down and kiss the laugh away. For once, his mind was quiet. The never-ending cacophony of questions and ‘what-ifs’ were gone, replaced by a peaceful meadow of silence.
The two slowly searched through each of the rooms, trying to ignore their past and look for anything useful to find Clint. “Anything?” Steve heard Tony ask from down the hall.
Steve looked down, unable to stop a tear fall down his cheek. If SHIELD took what he had stashed away, there was no way Steve could get enough back to finally leave the business. He would be stuck working for SHIELD until he died. But he couldn’t give up Bucky.
Steve’s lips drew into a small smile as he watched the archer try and sink into the couch, full gear and quiver still on.
Danowitz squealed in response. “Oh, it’s a shame you all can’t stay, but don’t you worry. The girls and I will take good care of him.” She cast a final heated look towards Bucky. “I’ll see you tonight. Seven o’clock, don’t be late!”
Clint pressed his fingers hard against his temple. “Yeah, sorry, Phil. Got a little lost in thought there.”
To be honest, he was shit at whittling. He liked the idea of the art form and foolishly assumed that as an amateur artist, he was a master at using all medias. He was horrendously wrong. Dugan has showed him – God rest his soul – after Steve saw him doing it one day. He’d learned from his father, who’d learned from his father, and so on, as a way to pass the time on the farm. Dugan always held the knife so steady, carving in even the smallest of intricacies. He was a good teacher, but Steve was a hopeless student. He remembered the first thing he’d made, giving it to Dugan.
“The first one,” Steve answered, opening the rusted gate wide enough for both him and Natasha to slip through. “The original meeting place for the SSR and the first info hold. When the war ended, the Army shut the camp down, making it the perfect place for them to meet. They collected the scarps of intel that the military left behind and started to build their territory. This camp houses some of the most important and the oldest information that the SSR ever came by. It’s the only file drop that I never even included in my sketches. HYDRA getting their hands on their information would be catastrophic.”
Steve smacked Bucky’s wandering hand away. “No, I’m fine,” he snapped. “I’m not talking about yesterday, I’m talking about before that.”
When Tony regained consciousness, he groaned at the heady throbbing in the back of his skull, eyes blinking through foggy vision.
Rogers kept walking through the house, checking each door, looking for Clint. He was reaching for the last doorknob when a new memory hit him.
“You’re getting worked up, Tony," the blonde tried to placate. "I’m sorry for what happened between you and your father, but how could I have known? How is it- ”
This was his future. A future with Tony. A bright and shining life with his best friend by his side in the field, and lover curled up next to him at home.
Always the man with the plan, Steve lurched forward to snatch Pietro from Tony’s grip as well as lifting the dining room table to block Wanda’s shots at the boy.
The robber groaned softly, grabbing both men’s attention. Iron Man walked over to the man, the weaponized suit easily hefting the man up by his shirt. “That’s alright,” Steve started. “I got him.”
“I don’t consider it to be a blessing when I know what's to come. I think you know that too. Whatever’s on it's way; it can’t be good.”
“I don’t know. I seem to recall a few occasions where you’ve seemed to like my troublesome mouth,” Steve replied, lips trailing over Tony’s neck.
“No, man! Treachery just said that things will come together like they should. We each know what we need to; we can’t risk giving information into the wrong hands.”
Tony couldn’t remember the last time he hadn’t in a bed that wasn’t King sized. He’d always preferred the largest size he could – when he was younger, it meant more than enough space for his bed partners; when he was older, it meant more than enough space for him to flop in any direction when he stumbled up from the lab. This bed was a queen; while Tony regularly updated the appliances on all his properties, most of the updates went towards his respective labs and workshops. Most of everything else went untouched, as he rarely used them anyway.
“But I should have,” Tony retorted. And he really should have. His file compiled on The Ten Rings had more than enough proof of the games they like to play. Tony should have known that they would have eventually shifted their tactics to try and get them to comply.
Tony bent down to pick up the sketch book, idling flipping through the pages. “I was in the neighborhood, thought I’d walk through the park. I remember you mentioned at the hospital once that you like to draw here.”
Steve turned scarlet, sending Tony into a laughing fit. “Don’t even think about it,” Steve tried to scold. “You’re on bed rest.”
Bucky hummed. “HYDRA usually wouldn’t go around wasting their numbers like this. I mean, we’ve had to have taken care of over fifty people in the past week. The police will be running out of cells soon.”
The others started moving around the hull, collecting their belongings, but Steve found himself homing in on Tony again. He slunk over to the sleeping man, feeling Buck follow his motions like his own shadow.
Besides, Tony didn't want to involve anyone else in this mess. Getting others caught up in this potential HYDRA mess is a one way ticket to losing allies. Allies that Tony cannot afford to lose.
“Tony! He flew back in there, something about getting the bomb remains. Listen, we need to get back in there!” Pepper tried to pull on Clint’s arm, but he refused to budge.
Hell, Steve hadn’t even told Bucky about the locations for years. It wasn’t until he had found the frail blonde in some dive bar in Hell’s Kitchen drinking himself to death that he’d first heard about it. Peggy was dead. She was the last of them, but more than that, she was Steve’s tipping point. The final crack that shattered his armor.
Bucky sighed, dropping the cold pizza he was attempting to eat and walked back to his room. He opened his closet and threw on a pair of shorts, grabbing a fitted long sleeve. He’d have to get his glove from the front room before he went outside. Just another pleasure of living here – dealing with triple digit temperatures all while hiding a very recognizable metal prosthetic.
Steve frowned, plopping his head into his hands. How many times had Tony wanted to have this conversation with him? He’d definitely tried multiple times over the past few days – hell, Steve knew there was something that was eating at him, but it got swept under the rug as problems were prioritized.
Tony sat in awe at the sight in front of him. When Tony had first met The Howling Commandos he had expected one thing: a group of stone cold killers from all the stories whispered on the streets. But this? It was just like his initial interaction with The Captain himself; they were able to throw him through such a loop, that his mind couldn’t process what was happening.
“Mr. Stark, they know you have a relationship with The Commandos. Need I remind you that they are one of the most powerful mobs in all of New York. You really think that they’ll stop at just weapons?”
The flames were definitely smaller, what little hearing he had able to pick up on the shouts of the firemen fighting what was left of the inferno.
“Well, I can’t hold being hired muscle against you. You may leave.” Steve stepped aside, watching as the two men sprinted out of the room.
Steve walked through a few back alleys, checking his surroundings as he finally reached base. He tapped his knuckles against the door, waving slightly to the camera that aimed towards his face.  The door swung open, revealing a smirking Clint Barton.
Sam just nodded, tearing off and disappearing behind a cloud of smoke. Part of him wanted to chase after him but Steve knew that Sam could take care of himself.
Steve broke off with a shuddering breathe, but that didn’t stop him from pressing kisses to every inch of Tony he could, murmuring his name in between each one. Tony tried to intervene and bring Steve’s mouth back to his, but he found himself drifting, losing himself in Steve’s embrace.
“I’m alright,” he answered. It was partially true. He liked to pride himself on being one of the most collected in their group. He’d always been one to roll with the punches and deal with the odds that God had given him. Sure, it had been more difficult since throwing his chips in with The Commandos, but he still wouldn’t change a thing. In reality, Sam spent most of his time of his exile in paradise worrying about the others. If they were all alright, how they were managing day to day. It gave him something to do, instead of having to face his own problems. Gave him a reason to get up and fight.
What shocked Steve even more was that Tony just nodded, and said he’ll make a better one. Tony never let anyone criticize his work. Of course, being the genius that he is, Tony never really has to worry about that. Everything he makes works perfectly, and maybe it’s just his ego, but no one was allowed to bash Stark designs without the engineer’s fury.
Steve watched in pain as Tony’s struggles grew more manic. “I won’t! I promise,” he cried, tears streaming down freely. “I won’t lie,
He’d played many scenarios over in his head the last few days, about what Bucky would say, what he would do. But now, being approached with the reality, Steve didn’t want any part of it.
Before Loki could respond, Barton’s fist snapped out, connecting with Loki’s head, and then everything was black.
“Not yet. As soon as Tony and Bucky get home, tell them to give you locations on the SSR file drops. Bucky knows where some of them are, and Tony knows how to find the rest. I need you and Barton to check all the local locations and make sure that everything is still there. Understand?”
He passed some bodies littering the ground, mostly bloody, but Tony could smell the burning flesh from the bomb. His stomach churned, but he pushed forward.
“It could be worse,” Tony shrugged. “You should see the shit hole that Barnes lives in.” Her breath caught at his name, eyes darting back between the both of them, searching for any sign or remnant of James on them. “I mean, I’ve crashed in some seedy joints when I was in college, but this place was- ”
Natasha snorted, reaching for the cup. It was delicious, of course. Bruce had a remedy for almost everything.
His friend walked up to him slowly, trying to put a comforting arm on his shoulder, until Clint jerked away. “Clint, you need to- ”
“You give me the life I want, though. You do, those bunch of rascals back home do. You think I could bear to lose you, either?” Tony's hand circled around Steve, rubbing soothingly at his back, while the other cupped right behind his neck.
Stark shrugged. “Hammer’s an idiot; he’ll do anything to make a quick buck. Besides, HYDRA is probably looking to build itself back up. If I were them, the first thing I would do is get some my hands on some weapons.”
“You make up rules when we go to sporting events,” Steve chuckled. “You have no idea what’s going on most of the time, but you make stuff up just to make us laugh. You’ve wasted so much time at these things – which I know you absolutely detest – but you go anyway, because you know we love it and you want to make us happy, and I love you so much for that.”
No one saw metal the way he did; not as an inanimate object, but as a living organism. The metal would whisper to him, would teach him how to use them.
Steve contemplated about telling Tony about the explosion, but decided against it. Tony had enough on his plate; he needed to help his people right now. Besides, Steve trusted FRIDAY to tell Tony about the explosion at headquarters. Once he knew Pepper was safe, Tony would come and help Steve.
“Well, it’s a good thing none of them are in charge,” Steve joked. “Besides, they act like that whenever someone new shows up. Bucky burnt holes in all of Sam’s pants once just to try and get him to leave.”
His head was pounding. He walked over to his bag and pulled out his sketch book. At least Steve had this. Just simple sketches got him out of his head for a while. Steve was sure it was one of the only things to keep him sane.
Tony smiled at the memory, about how Steve had laughed at the thought of Bucky wearing a nun’s habit, gliding around their home silently with a ruler, smacking the hands of the rest of the crew for sinning.
“You’re sure?” Yinsen's voice was quiet, uncertain. They'd gone over the plan plenty of times, but there was no room for error here. One wrong move and it was over for the both of them.
Of course, while Tony had thought he was staying away from the shallow parts of the pool in case he waded farther in, he was actually getting close to the deep end to dive right in.
As planned, be grabbed Clint and Bucky, both overly proficient in the field, which should have made this job a cake walk. Instead, the three men walked into the warehouse to be met with a small army of Hammer’s men.
“You don’t shut up. I’ve been going into your office every day. And every day you sit there, looking like you’re just waiting for me to kill you. I make you nervous. So you prattle on and on about God knows what. You not knowing how to swim slipped out. You said something about how Howard never bothered to have you learn, that he thought it was a waste of time. Said that it was just simple buoyancy and momentum; that if you couldn’t figure it out if you were stuck in water, then you deserved to drown.”
But Sam wasn’t looking at him. Steve followed his eyes, finally locking on to the slight shimmer that started to glow from the nearby flames light.
“His knee’s pretty sore, and I’m going to have Bruce come up in a bit and look at the bruising on his ribs, but otherwise, he looks fine.”
“Yeah, but last time I checked it doesn’t take this long to heal from a bullet wound. Come along, Coulson.”
“What did he do?” Tony snapped, but Bucky could hear the underlying fondness. “He’s making a face, isn’t he?”
Obie just nodded again. “Do me a favor and stay out of the public eye for a bit, huh? It’ll help sooth things over.”
Steve lowered his shield. Just then, his target showed up. Startling, Steve stared at the man in front of him. Quickly raising his shield, he flung it, hitting the target square in the chest. A simple thud and it was over.
“I talked with Pepper,” Tony started. “When I was taken, it took them a while to declare me as missing because my company apparently didn’t even know I was kidnapped.”
Blood boiling, Steve didn’t hesitate to charge him, pushing Rumlow into the safe, locking the vault on top of him. Steve shouted over Rumlow’s pounding. “Rumlow! Tell Fury I’m sorry! I’m gonna find him, I promise! I’ll kill him, just give me time!” In response, Rumlow started to shoot at Steve through the safe.
Of course when the man woke up, they got a whole lot of nothing. The man wasn’t giving them anything to work with. Steve had even sent Natasha and Hill in there. At the same time. No man should have been able to come out of that alive.
Tony took another deep breath. There was nothing to worry about. His family was here. No threat would get close to touching him.
Both men stopped in their tracks, turning slowly as they were met with the barrel of a gun shaking in their face.
“Well, I guess we better not give him any time to finish then,” replied Natasha, glancing over at Tony.
Bucky furrowed his brow. “They can’t even muster up a dozen anymore? You think they’re finally running low on numbers?”
“Okay, okay.” Bullets rained over them, glass shattering and boxes exploding all around. Steve could vaguely hear the shouts of Hammer’s men over the pounding of blood in his own ears.
Bucky cast a quick look over his shoulder, making sure none of the agents were watching as he stepped over. “What’s the plan?” he asked, voice low.
Not that Tony showed an ounce of this stress. No, instead he wore his usual mask, one of cool indifference, staring back at the Commissioner with bored eyes. He was leaned back at an angle, legs propped up on the table in front of him, displaying himself completely at ease as he sat in the uncomfortable chair in one of many interrogation rooms of the NYPD. He wasn't sure how many men Fury had broken it here, in this very chair, but Tony wasn't going to be another name on that list.
Logically he knew Pepper was right. There was no place in the world that would be safer for Peter than the tower. But the thought of handing Peter over was like giving Pepper one of his limbs.
The voice was slurred, as if drunk, and Steve turned in time to see his third favorite Tony face – nose scrunched with lips in an adorable pout, and sleepy eyes that blinked awake. The brunette rubbed a hand over his face before turning to look at Steve, a look still so soft and open that if Steve didn’t know any better, it would be impossible for him to believe that this was the same man who ruthlessly reigned over New York’s underground. His fingers twitched for a pencil.
“Do you even know anything?” Barton sneered. “We had everything set up and you had to go and ruin it all. We were still planning on saving this operation! The Captain was all paranoid because he’d spilled the beans, sending a few of us over to watch the file drop. It was the perfect opportunity for me to finish the rest and take the files, but
Steve looked up to see the brunette smirking down at him in the entrance way, before followed by Natasha and Clint. Steve glanced at Clint. “That everyone?”
Bucky showed Clint the messages. “I need you to watch Steve for a bit. Hopefully I won’t be gone long.”
Stane shook his head. “It’s been days since the blast and there hasn’t been a single word from The Captain. I know he’s a skilled tactician, but there is no way that that man would just sit by and do nothing if some of his clan was in the blast. You fucked up. We had one chance to make it count and you’ve ruined it.”
He started to guide Tony to the door. “Wait,” Tony stopped him. He walked over to his lab table, stumbling slightly, and grabbed his gauntlets.
Getting a closer look, Tony tried to carefully step around the rotting garbage and unmentionables that had washed up from the shore, and what looked like a decomposing seagull. Tony gagged, but pushed on, safe haven the only goal in mind. The drain was enormous, leaving ample room for Tony to stand up straight as well as avoid the grimy walls. Walking a little way in, Tony was met with a rusted steel grate, most likely to stop any large debris from falling into the river. Tony bypassed it easily; part of it had been broken off, Tony able to lift it up enough for him to slip inside before it fell back into place before continuing on. The walk inside the drain, to say the least, was dreadful. The air was stale and rotten, making Tony’s eyes water, the tunnel nearly pitch black, but he pushed on none the less.
he asked himself that night, sitting alone in his cell. It struck him there that he didn’t know what Riley would do, what Riley would say. That voice in his head, that voice he’d convinced himself was Riley, pushing him day after day, was only a veiled lie. It wasn’t Riley’s voice, it was his. His anger, his pain, driving him day in and day out. He used his memory of Riley to fight his own problems and called it justice. Was he mad that his country had failed Riley? That they’d sent him on an unwinnable mission for their own gain; a suicidal journey through hell that only awarded him with death? Or was he mad that his country did all those things to him, only for him to survive and be left in ruin?
He opened his mouth to speak, but Bucky through his hand up, effectively stopping him. “I’m gonna stop you right there. Because that lecture that’s on the tip of your tongue right now? I don’t wanna hear it.”
“He’s waiting for you,” Hill said, pointing at the door. Again, without waiting for a response, she turned and was gone, heading back into the elevator. Maybe to head back to the ground floor, waiting for the next wayward soul to drag into the belly of the beast.
“And besides,” Barnes shrugged. “I’ve had a rough day. Dealing with those assclowns downstairs really took a lot out of me. I needed the pick me up.”
Steve rushed over to Tony’s side, immediately pressing down on Tony’s wound. “I told you to leave,” he said, brushing Tony’s sweaty locks out of his face.
“He’s in all of our heads,” replied Thor. “This is what I was trying to tell you. We can’t win against his mind. He’ll see everything that’s coming and just prepare for it.”
“It’s how we got here that makes me say no,” Steve answered quietly. “I would do it over again in a heartbeat if I could save you all that pain. I kept you in the dark for so long, and look where that got you,” he finished, leaning down to press a kiss on top of the scar.
Of course he knew that. He would beat himself up forever because of that. It was his job to protect his team.
“Then why the hell did you get it?” Bucky snapped back. “What the fuck is this, some sort of consolation prize?”
Thor clapped a hand on his shoulder comfortingly. “We managed to pull a victory before. I have no doubt that we shall triumph again.”
Pierce rolled his eyes. “If that’s what you came in here to tell me, I swear to God, Rumlow, I’ll be the one to put a bullet in your brain.”
Barnes looked at Tony, eyes dropping to where he was still gripping the gun. “You going after them?”
“Ward, you and I both watched as an ambulance picked him up on scene and drove off with him," Pierce hissed. "He can’t have disappeared; he has to be around here somewhere.”
“Alright, spread out. Let’s find something useful,” Natasha said, already walking to the back hallway.
There was much to do: Bruce needed to be called, surgery needed to be set up, but when Tony led both Steve and Bucky up to their floor before hunkering down on the couch, Steve knew that everything else was a conversation for tomorrow. Tony trusted them to not push him farther, as Steve and Bucky trusted him to be fine for another night with Extremis roaring through his veins. Even know, Steve could feel the heat coming from Tony, but wasn’t sure if he actually felt it, or if it was subconscious. The need to hover and to get an accurate gauge of Tony’s health wasn’t present; this time, Steve knew that Tony would be fine.
Asgard was one of the top in the business, and a huge rival of Stark Industries. While the company’s concentrations were completely separate things, the two had still managed to bump heads. Although making billions in weapons, Stark tinkered in tech and energy, revolutionizing the use of arc reactor technology. And, of course, while Asgard usually just dealt with electricity, Thor’s father had dabbled into weaponry, making quite a pretty penny over in Europe.
Searching the inside was fruitless; Clint had not been back there after leaving the first time. He was still out there, somewhere.
Tony pushed Steve’s greying hair out of his eyes. “You don’t look like him, you know. Your eyes are different. I can still see the hope in them.”
“Tony, please,” Rogers pleaded. “You’re still injured. Get some rest; I will gladly talk about this with you later.”
The force through him over the railing, his hands darting out to catch him before he fell. He looked down to watch his shield slip down onto the street. He tried to pull himself up, but the strike team kept shooting. A gun pointed through the broken window, and fired again. The bullet scraped along his fingers, causing Steve to lose his grip. Steve plummeted towards the ground, and closed his eyes.
“Asgard’s done for, now that one of Odin’s sons has been convicted of murder. Their stocks will never be able to recover.”
Clint shot another look at Phil and froze. Clint didn’t have his phone because he dropped it in the explosion. Clint didn’t have it because Phil was currently holding it in his hands.
Tony, of course, who flirted with anything with a heartbeat, sidled up next to Steve, flashing Bucky’s neighbor a wink. “And I’m- ”
Steve finally pulled back, his large hands coming up to cup Tony’s face. Dark circles seemed permanently etched on the once tanned face, worry lines starting to form way before their time. “You too?” Steve asked quietly.
That's what sucks about the real world. You're going to have all these responsibilities to take care of. (Okay, you guys caught me. I'm taking a road trip and will be too drunk to distinguish what a keyboard is. So. Oops. Life handed me lemons, and I said screw lemonade and made cocktails instead. Don't judge me.)
Phil startled as his phone started to buzz, looking at the bright screen. It wasn’t a number he recognized, but that didn’t stop him from answering the call.
Tony startled, no doubt remembering his reasoning himself, before rushing over to where the ceiling should have fallen. “There were no
Pierce grinned. “Get another bomb ready.” He hung up the phone and leaned back comfortably in his chair.
“Am I? You know how Stark has operated in the past. How is now any different? Understand this, Captain. Sometimes you must lose a battle to win the war. You always knew you needed Stark, you just didn’t know in what way.”
“Cap,” Tony tried to breathe around the larger mass. The other man ignored him, however, blubbering into his shoulder, Tony only catching half of what he was saying.
Tony pulled away. “You know, last time you laid hands on me, it didn’t end well for you. How’s your head?”
Not a second later, the criminal’s car smashed into the front, the police car able to stop safety alongside it. The officers apprehended the men swiftly, the men too dazed from the crash to put up much of a fight. Making sure everyone else was standing clear, Steve hoisted the tree up a final time before returning it to its original position.
Tony snorted. “You know, when you started telling me that fifteen years ago, I believed you. Now? Not so much.”
Brown eyes locked with blue and Tony could already feel the tension bleeding from his body. Steve shot him a smile and a firm nod.
Hammer nodded, watching as Stane walked away from him, mulling his options. On one side, Pierce, who has the entire backing of HYDRA. Very helpful in the current situation as the number of people that feared HYDRA basically made him untouchable. However, it came with a lot of baggage - too many enemies. Sure, Justin had dabbled with the criminal side of New York plenty of times, but mostly as a third party. Approving things, but staying out of the way until the dirty jobs were done. Working with Pierce, however, had put him much more in the spotlight than he wanted too. Powerful people definitely had their eyes on him. The other, Stane, who has the entire backing of the military. But they had been a loyal customer to Stark Industries for years. Working with Stane would benefit him financially, there's no question, but there's no way he'd ever give up his golden egg. No, both Stark and Stane would have to be out of the picture if he wanted the military to turn its head to Hammer Industries.
“I said start without me, not run away with the whole show,” Steve said coldly, the mask of The Captain falling into place.
Tony snickered, making obscene kissing noises in order to hear Clint groan again. “Glad you enjoyed the show, Frosty,” Tony winked at Bucky. “Now, let’s put a pin in this, and save it for later, yeah? For Clint’s sake, if anything.”
. I'd be surprised if I last the month. So thanks a lot, fucker, for- " Tony stopped himself, his gaze turning lethal.
“Natasha can take better care of herself than any of us ever could, and you know it,” Tony huffed. “Besides, I know you’ve seen these.” He held up his phone to show the group message between the team. The last six messages came were from Wilson, only a single word each:
“Let me run a trace on this guy. Give me an hour and I’ll know everything down to what elementary school he went to.”
And everything had gone right on track. The public bought the bullshit, Tony successfully leaking the files. The actual ‘response’ to the plan? Not so much.
“No,” Yinsen repeated, knowing exactly what he was going to ask. “If they haven’t been in today, how would they have been able to tell me about The Captain?”
“I would rather smell like rodent that risk catching whatever venereal diseases lurk in those buildings,” Tony hissed.
Steve snorted. “You’d like that, wouldn’t you? No, I just don’t like that fact you’re keeping secrets.”
Clint could feel wood dig into his hand as it clenched around the now open door. Natasha just stared back at him as unfazed as always.
“Oh, you’re up,” Clint fumbled, before his head finally caught up with seeing Steve active. “Wait, you’re up!”
Steve let the man recover, well, as much as he could with shattered bones, before walking back up to him. Steve grabbed his chin, forcing him to make eye contact. “Now that I have your attention,
“I know,” Tony responded quickly, not giving reason for Steve’s doubt. “It’s not that, it’s just… I’ve never done this before.”
Tony gaped, his walls crumbling slightly before the mask was back on, ready to tear Steve a new one when a fluttering of a magazine had both men snap their attention to the coffee table.
“Maybe you don’t, but I sure as hell do,” Sam tried to joke. “You must be joking if you think that I’m going with Dumb and Dumber over here.”
Steve rushed forward, pushing Stark against the hard table, pressing his gun against the hard plane of his chest. "I'm done playing your games. What I
The man, who at this point was a few deep breaths from choking on his own blood managed to give a slight jerk for a nod.
“You really think HYDRA has a reach this far? Besides, didn’t you hear? HYDRA is fucking dead. We took care of them –
Clint Barton walked slowly to the interrogation door, making sure his other three companions had flicked on the light on their side of the glass, so the fireman could see, and exit down the hall.
Tony bit his lip to keep from laughing. He obviously wasn’t doing a very good job based on the glare Coulson sent his way. “You saw him do this?” Tony asked.
Clint sighed, pushing his forehead against the cold glass of Tony’s office door. “Oh, Steve,” he whispered under his breath.
written into the impeccable wrapping paper in Pepper’s neat scrawl, Tony had been ecstatic. Pepper had always been the best at gift giving – another superpower, Tony was convinced. How she managed to find something for him, the man who had everything, was increasingly mind-boggling.
The building itself was small, almost completely unprotected in its location. Steve had no doubt that he and his men could overpower it in mere minutes.
JARVIS obliged, showing when The Captain initially pulled up to the warehouse with Tony. "Now fast forward to when I leave." The video changed, showing a laughing Tony drive off.
Steve pulled out of Bucky’s grasp. “I really don’t have time for you to play mom, Buck. I have work to do.”
Steve shouted, grabbing at Natasha, charging back towards the elevator. He could still hear the faint cackle of Zola’s laugh in the background as they sprinted back towards the lift. Skidding to a halt inside, Natasha jammed the button, Steve helping in squeezing the doors together.
There was a muffled curse and they few sharp thuds and then there the man was, pushing past a few pieces of fallen debris. He looked fairly similar as he did the last time Tony saw him, in this very building. Thin, pale and broken, although this time he was covered with dust and a faint glimmer of hope. He stopped when he met Clint’s gaze. “Clint,” he whispered.
Bucky ignored him again, just kept trying to pull him towards the door. Steve yanked away, grabbing Bucky by the front of his shirt.
Tony looked wary, but Steve slowly nodded. He had heard no complaints from Natasha either. It was worth a shot. Clint visibly relaxed before leaving the room, making his way to the other side of the glass.
Sam felt his own arms mirror on instinct, his lungs breathing in a familiar smell. “You’re really here,” he murmured softly.
“There’s a chance,” she frowned. “But that’s where you can be of use. As soon as it happens, you’ll have a very short window. Get out and warn the others. Run.”
The mother spun around quickly as Tony ducked behind the fruit, the woman only seeing the ruined display and the child. The mother started to scold the child instantly as the cashier made his way back to the ruckus. Seeing his window, Tony waited for the employee to pass him before dashing out of the store, stolen goods in hand.
Oddly enough, the space wasn’t used too much. Every once in a while Clint would feel the vibrations in his feet from rock music that was blaring from below, Tony obviously gathering to wait for Steve to finish the latest mission briefing. Other times he’d stumble down there, the smell of Bruce’s herbal tea leading him into the lab space. Mostly it was just used as a safe haven, a quick getaway. Tony would hole up in there for a day to avoid the aftermath of a fight with Steve; Bruce would sit in silence, head buried in his research after a particularly nasty encounter that called for The Hulk.
this was so unfair, why the hell did they ever agree to it? How could any of them pick up the pieces after all this is over, all on their own? Would any of them even survive?
Steve thought, even though his body disagreed, shuffling over to the side to let Fury in the threshold. The man glanced over his apartment silently. What in the hell did the FBI want with him?
had originally been Clint’s idea. The rest of them were skeptical of the whole thing; they were just like everyone else with a military face, acknowledging others that had it, giving them a wide berth, but otherwise resorting to licking their wounds in private, or better yet, pretending like they didn’t exist. The fact that Clint had even broached the subject was enough set off red flags.
“It doesn’t matter,” Steve answered back fiercely. “Only I know where the files are. Any physical copies of the locations were destroyed in the fire you made. Doesn’t matter which way you spin it, you still need me.”
Steve sighed, tossing the bag to Tony. The smaller man dug in immediately, brow furrowing as he pulled out what was inside. “What on Earth is this?”
He could have sworn he’d sent in another minimum payment, but maybe it had been the month before? He knew it was a matter of time before the credit card company would stop throwing him bones, but a little warning would have been nice. Well, maybe there had been warning, but both he and Bucky had an aversion to looking at mail covered in bold, red writing.
He stood, leaving money on the table. He had almost reached the door when the waitress turned the volume of the television.
Steve rested his head against his hands. “Because you have. Because Alexander Pierce is the head of the NYPD.”
He stood up, offering a hand to Steve, but it was quickly slapped away. Seeing that Steve had finally made eye contact with him, Bucky could finally look into the haunted look in his eyes, the planes of his face, covered in red blotches. “Didn’t you hear what I said?”
Barnes clenched his jaw. “Really? That’s all you’re going to say? I know for a fact that you hate the man more than any of us, and that’s what you’re going to go with?”
