Sam let out a low whistle, grinning at the discomfort on his brother's face. "He's even starting to talk like you, Dean."
Somewhat fresher the next day, Dean was pleased to find that the other soldiers' acceptance was going to be a permanent thing, as Claire had promised. He sparred against a dozen of his fellow recruits, only getting thrown into a tree once and winning more matches than expected. Finally, after a hellish week of living at the bottom of the totem pole, Dean remembered that he wasn't actually terrible at fighting, and some of the things he had learned from his father came back to him. John hadn't minded teaching his omega son how to fight, reasoning that everyone should be able to protect themselves to some extent, but Dean had picked up more than he thought. He could sense when someone was watching him, certainly an omega trait, and he was becoming adept at anticipating his opponent's moves. He took time to teach Claire some of what he could do, and the young alpha improved with each suggestion.
Benny sighed, clapping the omega on his shoulder. "You weren't the problem here, Cas; those two were. I didn't really want them here, but a couple of people from their fraternity brought them along. They shouldn't have spiked the punch and they had no right to touch you without your consent. I'm truly sorry for what happened tonight."
Dean smiled, really smiled, at Cas during the music before the next verse, his expression completely open in a way that Sam hadn’t seen in over a decade.  He wasn’t angry, or closed off, or depressed; he was just Dean, optimistic and happy like he had been before he went to Hell.  Cas had never seen this side of the hunter, but he knew that he would do anything he could to keep that joy in Dean’s eyes forever.
“Had some fruit earlier; I’m good.” Dean handed a second fish over to the omega, frowning when the raven-haired man hesitated. The alpha reached out and rested one callused palm on Cas’s cheek, forcing the gaunt man to look up at him. “Hey, Cas, you have to let me take care of you. I know that you’re worried about us, but my band can go without food a lot longer than you and your brothers. We have a long run ahead of us, and you really need your strength. Just eat up and don’t you fret about me. I’ll be okay.”
Benny reached down and ran his fingers through Gadreel's light hair. "You're the sensible one, aren't you?"
"Then why do you hesitate? Why have you been so reluctant to let me ask you? Is it because beta males are significantly less fertile than their alpha counterparts?"
Metatron snickered at his side, taking out his displeasure at having to stay in this camp on the newly-minted captain. "Day one."
Sam nodded, glancing at the blonde sleeping peacefully in the bed nearby. “If it turns out he has one of those side-effects, I’m going to ask for her help.”
Jody's second-in-command, a boisterous blonde omega named Donna, leaned forward across the council table and caught the psychic's eye. "What else, Patience? You seem upset."
hormones the younger omegas had been leaking all day, jumped on the image of a very naked Balthazar on his hands and knees in Crowley's bed, that rosemary-mint scent overlaid with the delectable musk of full heat. Crowley looked over his shoulder and glared at Ruby, his crimson eyes flashing as her lighter ones laughed. She glanced down at his crotch significantly, smirking at the effect her words had evoked, bowing to her alpha as they reached the omegas' chambers.
"Hey," Dean snapped, trying to hold his robes up so he could run at a reasonable speed, "I'm making this up as I go." He slid to a stop beside one of the windows, eyes lighting on the fireworks pavilion visible across the way. Plan. "Kevin," he called, pointing at the pavilion, the dragon hopping up onto the window sill.
The aging beta raised his hand for silence as Lord Daniel moved away. "There is no delicate way to put this, so I'll just say it. The Huns have invaded China!" The crowd gasped, some of parents pulling their younger and omega children close, as if to protect them from the harsh reality of war. Dean was grateful that his mother would never do something so demeaning to him, though he did feel Adam tuck his lean fifteen-year-old body into his side. Sam, his hazel eyes almost brown with fear, still managed to stand up to his full, six-foot-five height and puff out his chest in an alpha display of dominance. Many of the other alphas in the crowd were doing the same, even John standing up taller.
"It's not a race, Dean," Sam growled, "you know that. New pack mates are always assimilated at different rates. You could hear Jo long before Benny or I could."
"Is this really how people see us? The fans, Becky, the publisher, those cosplayer people we met at that convention; do they think of us like this?"
Linda sighed leaned back in her cushion, all tension fading from her slight form. "I remember your father trying to explain that to me, years ago, but as a female beta it never really mattered. Do your omegas really walk around during heat without a care in the world?"
"I went to the forest to escort him home, like you asked me to, but he didn't want to come back. He said that he couldn't possibly be with a Spellbound alpha and all he wanted was to return to his brothers. I tried to convince him to come back, but he clocked me with a rock and ran into the forest. I searched for almost an hour, but I couldn't find him."
Balthazar took the bag from Mshindi and quickly dressed, looking up as Alfie and Kevin reached the pair with barely a whisper of their feet across the path. Kevin took the lead as they wound their way through the silent gardens until they reached the wall. Alfie, who had been the one to ask Crowley to show him the hidden door in the first place, ran his fingers over the plaster until he reached the faintest dip in the solid surface. Grinning, he pushed the door open and slipped out, the other omegas on his heels. They pushed the door until it was almost closed, placing a rock at the bottom to keep it from locking. The door could not be found or opened from the outside, so it was imperative that they prevent it from latching.
Dean dropped his eyes, surrendering to Cas as the omega removed his clothes and followed him into the water. The alpha refused to meet his gaze until Cas entered the lake and joined him, wrapping his arms around Dean's waist and nuzzling him under his chin. "You like that."
"Among other things," her apprentice replied dryly, finding another bag and carefully folding Rowena's expanded wardrobe into it. "I heard about that fertility charm you gave Tasha."
"I've never had a pack before," Cas mused softly. "My brothers and I only ever had each other. Omegas are encouraged to learn to take care of the home and pups, so running wild through the mountains wasn't proper."
"I never thought I could be happy as an omega," Gabriel whispered, his golden eyes distant. "I hated it sometimes, especially when Michael started pushing us to mate, but I don't feel like that anymore. You've made me happy to be an omega, to be
"Of course I am! I can fly across the clearing, very low, so that if my passenger does fall off it won't be a long drop. Do you want me to carry you again, Crowley?"
“Does the air hurt them?” Cas nodded miserably, his wings shaking as he fought against the almost irresistible urge to fold them. “Well, let me see what I can do about that, baby.” Dean shifted Cas until he was sitting with his back to the hunter and his hands wrapped around the bars of their cage. Dean reached for the hole in the shirt under Cas’s left wing, carefully ripping the fabric down to the bottom and repeating the procedure on the other side. As soon as he had freed Cas’s wings, he reached around and carefully released each button, slipping what was left of the shirt off of his angel’s shoulders. “Cas, I’m going to tear this into strips and try to wrap your wings. I think it will help with the pain.” Cas, nothing covering his chest except a loose blue tie and the amulet, nodded his assent.
Sam tightened his hold on the smaller blonde, leaning down to touch foreheads in what he hoped was a comforting gesture. It would be in his own pack, but the Celestials might have different customs. “We would never do
Castiel had spent a lot of time thinking over these past months. He thought about the decline of Heaven, the struggle of the last handful of angels, and the fact that he had survived every tragedy that had befallen his brethren. He thought about every apocalypse he had survived with Sam and Dean, every death that he had returned from, and even his long, intense conversation with an image of himself in The Empty. He thought about Sam, struggling to cope without his brother, to hold together this loose collection of their allies in an attempt to find Michael and chase him out of Dean. He thought about Jack, slowly regaining his grace as he learned to fight without it, learning as much about physical combat from his father and uncle as he could. He thought about the problems Michael had caused and their inability to find him, the three remaining members of Team Free Will 2.0 trying not to give up hope of retrieving the fourth member of their family.
him, wanting someone to make his next two years just a little easier. Sam knew that it would take time for him to prove to the hormone-crazed Junior and Senior population that
He looked up from his perch as a dark shadow crossed the stars, the near-silent flapping of wings catching his attention as a large blue wolf landed on the roof next to him. Gadreel tucked his wings away, his tongue lolling out of his mouth in amusement. Benny smiled at the omega, patting the space beside him on the roof as an invitation for Gadreel to join him. The wolf nodded and slipped out of the bag tied around his waist, shifting back into human form and pulling on the warm clothes he had brought with him.
"Dean, what's wrong?" Cas had very little experience with female omegas and basically none with males, so the boy's scent was confusing and overwhelming at the same time.
Alfie frowned in confusion, opening the door and staring in shock at the bedroom. Mary and Gadreel had already moved his backpack into the room and found some pajamas that should fit him, which were folded neatly on the bed. Mary loved children, and had always wanted to have as many pups as possible, so she loved when her dozens of "adopted" kids stayed the night. She kept a collection of clothes in all sizes as well as toiletries for all genders and subgenders, so there was a small pack next to the pajamas with a toothbrush, toothpaste, mild scent blockers, and a comb.
Asa Fox, a middle-aged redheaded alpha with a mate and twin teenage pups, stepped forward, bowing his head as he accepted the scroll. "It will be an honor to serve the Emperor."
Balthazar flicked his ears back, gliding slowly enough that was able to hear his passenger's words. He turned his head and fixed one bright blue eye on the Nomad, a question rumbling against the omega's legs. "I'll tell you when we land," Mshindi answered.
"Yeah, Mom, I do." Dean ran his hand through his hair in his favorite nervous gesture, glancing at the bathroom before speaking again. "He had trouble sleeping, that's all. He's shared a room with one or more of his siblings for his whole life, so sleeping alone is hard for him. He came in around dawn and asked to stay with me, for just a little while. I'm sure he'll get accustomed to it, given time."
Gabriel gestured at his distinct lack of clothing, freeing one hand to wave it at Sam's shirt and pants before turning his face away. "Oh, I actually have some clothes here for you. Now that you don't need those bandages anymore, you should be able to wear them."
“What do you think happened? Michael got out of the damn cage and came after us. He grabbed Cas in the forest outside the bunker and Dean was stupid enough to rush in after him. There was a flash of light and all of them were gone.” It was a quick synopsis, but he doubted that any of the details would help the demon any. “I have no idea where they are. I found both of their phones on the ground so I can’t track them that way, and Cas long ago warded both of us and himself against any tracking spells I could use.
His throat is burning with unshed tears, and he can’t do this, how is he supposed to do this? How is he supposed to carry on now, in the face of all this, knowing Cas had loved him, and knowing he’s gone. Gone, the one place Dean can’t follow him…
In the end, Sam and even Garth agree to give a partial obstacle course their best go, and Gabriel rolls his eyes and places a hand over the slight swell of his belly and says he’ll watch them all huff and puff and sweat.
And then he ditches the boxers, too, and wow. Dean’s caught a couple glimpses-- and felt, pressing into his hip in the early morning-- the state of Cas’ cock when he’s about half-hard, it’s not like he didn’t have some proof that it would be impressive, but even soft it’s big, and instead of filling him with apprehension, let alone fear, he feels a rush of…
Dean’s eyes light up, for a moment, but he pulls himself back from it, and doesn’t ask. Still, his hands linger over the package of ground beef as he puts it away.
“Better, without me. You didn’t need me coming home all messed up, so… I’d probably still feel that way if it wasn’t for all these guys. They’ve, um… they’ve put a lot in me, you know? Cas, too.”
“I’ll think about it. Guess I oughta think about actually… dunno, working two days a week?” He snorts. “Least until I finish up the GED and figure out what to do with my life. Plus I heard there were food trucks.”
“Castiel.” She tsks at him, curls bouncing slightly with the shake of her head. “It certainly is, but I don’t need your cheek.”
, he would take him in his arms, hold onto him so tight, he’d kiss him. Maybe it wouldn’t work out great, maybe it would be awkward, maybe he’d try it and realize it’s not right, it’s not him, but
“This week, our two all-time bestsellers, the roasted garlic, and the roasted red pepper. Baba ganoush. Avocado. Herb and lemon is a new recipe, I think we’ve got it right this week.” He points each one out in turn. “See what you like and I can make sure to reserve a tub for you.”
He sounds hurt. He sounds ragged, exhausted, like escaping from the Empty cost him, but how? How could he have…? Dean doesn’t even
“He knew it was going to take him. The Empty, that he’d be back there, that this time… He knew this was goodbye.”
When he wakes, he’s lying on his back, heart just about beating out of his chest, the lights are on, and Cas is leaning over him, stroking his face.
“Because! I’m-- I’m going to keep getting weaker, not-- not the normal way everyone does, faster. In a normal pack with a healthy leader, their children would have time to grow up before I lost the ability to protect them. Rowena’s an alpha, but she’s not a fighter. I know, logically I know, that the world’s not like that, that I don’t have to be out there fighting bears and roving marauders to keep my family safe, but…”
Not that he and Dean have discussed children, in so many words, but… well, they’ve both fallen captive to the charms of the pack’s newest additions, and they’ve both discovered that they enjoy the kinds of activities that could potentially lead to a child, if they wanted to try. Not all the time, they both have things that grind the party to a halt and times when they need something other than sex, but… well, it’s not off the table. If they need to keep the guest room open for Bobby’s visits, his home office could always be converted into a nursery, there’s nothing to keep him getting his work done at the table, or going in and using Gabriel’s office at the center even when Gabriel’s no longer on parental leave.
“I don’t sound like that! And that’s not what I was saying.” Sam says, though he blushes and looks off to the side like maybe Dean isn’t far enough off for how he’d like to think of himself.
“Sam texted and said he’d pick up burgers later and bring them by, if I’d throw together a side salad. I was thinking dark greens, a little apple and some toasted pecans for texture, honey mustard dressing. Fresh tomatoes and sweet onion if you like. Bacon bits.”
“Ain’t nobody who calls me ‘Benoit’-- it’s just Benny.” He offers his hand. Dean hesitates a long moment, but the handshake he eventually meets him with is firm. “Pleasure.”
“Like a scar.” He breathes the words out and squeezes back, his hand all lotion-soft, even with the familiar calluses. “It’s always a part of me… and sometimes I can feel proud to have survived it, and sometimes I will feel ‘gross’ because it happened.”
“On your furniture?” Dean asks, wincing immediately. “Shit, I mean-- Yeah, of course, on the… Like on a chair, or in the kitchen or--?”
“I said nothing about expendability, I merely gave you unmerited credit for being less likely to cry.”
“Okay. I’m good.” He says, but hazy nightmare memories are starting to filter back to him, and maybe ‘good’ isn’t the word.
“Hey, man, I get that. Ugh… sorry, it’s weird that I just called you ‘man’ in the middle of making out, isn’t it? I just mean, you know… who needs a preference? Guys can be hot, girls can be hot… cosmic entities who don’t have a human sense for gender can be hot.”
“I’m arranging a picnic with some of the people who have supported Dean’s recovery, you can ask questions, you can see how he’s doing. He has made a
“I also wondered… when you said ‘when I get back’, did you mean ‘when next I see you’, or did you mean ‘after we save the world’, because I would like to.”
“In a couple of months, you’ll be doing enough huffing and puffing and sweating of your own just getting out of bed to go to the bathroom five times a night.” Jody pats his shoulder. “Then you’re going to think maybe the magic of childbirth won’t be so bad, you know, ‘cause at least then you’ll have your bladder to yourself again. Then you’re gonna want the good drugs real fast.”
It’s Benny who hands off the box full of brown paper packages, at the end of the market day, greeting them with a smile and a nod.
Dean wants to prove to Sam that he’s recovering, that he’s still the cool older brother even if Sam has outgrown the need for him to play protector. Cas… wants to prove something similar to Dean, he supposes. And… to himself. He
about anything but surviving one more day. But, um, that’s kind of been my whole life. It wasn’t the same, you know, I ain’t complaining like it was that bad! But that’s been my life. I was always the one it was okay to beat on, one who couldn’t do right, couldn’t man up and be what he’s supposed to be, couldn’t… Anyway, I don’t want you thinking I’m some mess like this all the time, I’m still, you know, I can do the job-- any job. It’s just… shit I haven’t thought about in a long time’s coming home to roost and I just gotta get through it.”
“Your place.” Dean squeezes them both, butting his head gently into Sam’s, before he pushes him away so that he can kiss Cas on the cheek. “Sam’ll be right next door. We could have dinner together any night we want…”
Chuck's been kicked to the curb, the lark's on the wing, the snail's on the thorn, Jack's in his heaven, all's right with the world... except, of course, for Dean.
“I’ll look at my schedule. If Charlie sends me something, I might as well come around and plot in person.”
“That’s some spicy blasphemy.” Dean bobs his eyebrows. “First I dethroned god, now I’m about to get myself touched by an angel, I’m having a real week.”
Dean nods, and they return to their separate tasks. After a while, though, Castiel hears a little snatch of song, Dean singing absently to himself as he works. He hadn’t been doing that before… it’s a nice thought, that he’s grown comfortable in his presence. Does he sing to himself when he does his chore rotations with Jody’s foster pack? Hum along to the radio as he studies for his GED?
“Hey, um… so, you know how I mentioned maybe needing to take some time?” He asks, and his anxiety doesn’t recede when Cas nods encouragingly. For a long moment, he’s quiet and bristling with nervous energy, until finally he blows out a sigh and focuses his attention on the bee wandering over the nearby lavender plant. “It’s, uh… it’s just, this’ll be my first real heat since… everything. I, uh, I never asked about taking suppressants because I was so used to just not… You know. It doesn’t happen when you’re in a bad place, and all the time I spent recovering ‘til now, it’s just… it hasn’t been a thing. Doc thinks that now I’m in a stable environment and I’m physically recovered, the, uh, exposure to an omega who’s like… knocked up on purpose and happy about it, that’s, uh, triggering the thing. Like, telling my body that it’s safe for me to get pregnant, which is… stupid, but-- Anyway, doc says it’s not likely to be a full-blown heat the first time after… everything. But he wants to get me set up to ride it out comfortably as possible and then we can talk about suppressants if I just don’t want to go through with the whole enchilada.”
“Okay. Look… look, why don’t you get some rest now, and… and I’ll think about the next step, and we’ll talk after you’ve had a little time.”
When they drop down to the next platform, there’s another set of ropes to rappel down the final wall they have to deal with, and Garth seems relieved to get to follow that up with a sprint. This is the part where Cas knows his performance is going to suffer-- where Garth sprints to the next obstacle at his top speed, Cas has to settle for an only-slightly lopsided power walk, and when he does reach the crawl, his face heats as he realizes he needs to ask Garth for a hand getting down to the ground. He used to drop to his belly straight out of the sprint, and spring right back up… But Garth is happy to get the chance to offer his assistance, when Cas had helped him with his first climb, and once Cas is down, pulling himself forward with his elbows is something he can still do. He makes up some of his time there, even if it just means once he gets free of the low-slung netting, he has to wait for Garth to help him back up.
“He’s mi-- my friend-- he--” Cas stumbles, wiping a hand over his face. “Dean, Benoit Lafitte, co-owner of the butchery that sent that box over to Jody’s--”
“Dunno, really. There’s this… There’s this girl, Krissy, she lives at Jody’s with me. She was, um… she was an orphan. She was a kid. Maybe close to the age I was, when… Once she didn’t have her folks around to look out with her, it was… she got grabbed, and I wasn’t gonna let anyone touch her. And it’s different, when you’re a kid like that. Even fuckin’ Alastair wouldn’t have done the shit to her that he… But it’s not better. There’s rules, so they can auction you off to someone who wants… it doesn’t matter what they want. They want to break you themselves, sometimes. If they pay for one of Alastair’s, it’s not because they’re taking you someplace nice so you can be… dunno, whatever people buy omegas to keep for. But Alastair wasn’t like that, he, uh… Anyway, they dumped this kid in the cage with us, and I just… Even if they couldn’t leave any marks on her, it didn’t mean they wouldn’t mess with her to scare her, or hurt her just a little bit, it… it was a bad place, everyone who worked for this asshole was some kind of sicko, and… I just didn’t want anyone to touch her. She was a
to be ruled by my instincts, even the ‘good’ ones. I don’t want to… I never want to lose control again the way that I did on my last raid. That… I don’t want that to be me. I
Jack brings a first aid kit and some towels to Dean’s room, and starts running hot water, and Sam gets Cas’ boots off while Dean removes his shirt as gently as humanly possible. He perches beside him on the bed and tries not to break down.
“I hurt you. Caused you to take on guilt for what happened. But that choice was mine to make. I was prepared… I was prepared for everything, except to hear that you…”
Usually he moves around, usually he’s satisfied to bring a kind of an even glow to the surface. This time, he delivers each stroke to the same spot, until there’s a nice, sweet ache there.
sometimes, even with how little they’ve really started to do. It’s a lot, to face the way Cas loves him head-on. He doesn’t know if he’s ever going to feel like he deserves it, except when Cas works him down into that place where he stops worrying, and then… then it’s okay, to be loved. It leaves him shaking but it’s good.
.” Cas admits, the emotion coming through in his voice. Cas and emotions is always kind of a weird thing, always one step removed from normal, but Sam’s known him long enough to recognize them, and to recognize when they’re
“You’re no fun. Dean, tell him he’s no fun.” She stops short of grabbing Dean’s arm, but he allows her to enter his space.
Dean breaks first, in the ensuing staredown-- breaks pretty quickly. Unfolds his arms so that he can cup Cas’ face between his hands.
“We’re going to have to. We’re going to have to figure out how to do this without any other hunters--”
Mostly, it’s the way there’s no hint of sex to his scent when he does these things. There’s no part of him that wants to hold Dean down and
“I get that.” Garth nods. “There are conversations that you can’t have with just anybody. There’s not one single ‘right’ way to embrace what being an alpha means for you. Some things are more or less universal, but even then, they can mean different things to different people. Let’s start back at the beginning-- I’m going to go out on a limb and say most of your family members wouldn’t categorize themselves as vicious sadists. Aside from Lucifer, they weren’t the type of alphas that you would have encountered in the line of duty?”
, we never could have lived like this in that apartment.” Rowena sighs, bouncing Moira Jean in her arms. “
“Indeed.” Cas’ voice is a low rumble, as he returns the kisses, like he’s trying to cover all Dean’s freckles with them, and all Dean can do is melt and let him, eyes fluttering closed under the soft but ardent affection. “This was… I treasured this experience.”
“Hardly know what I’d do with myself, but… I wanna try. I don’t wanna go out because I didn’t know when to pack it in, because I didn’t want to admit I was slowing down. I want to retire when I still have enough life left to live. I wanna figure out what I love and do it. Mechanic, maybe. I’m good with cars, good with fixing things. Fixing things feels good.”
He’d left him there for a while, rolled him onto his side and focused first on cleaning the place up because it was easier than trying to move Dean.
At least, he’s pretty sure she didn’t get how big a thing it was, because a nineteen year old guy can get it up for anything and anyway, it’s not about that.
“I can’t just knock down the back fence. I’m not sure if you know this about fences, but they often delineate the border between properties. I don’t own the land on the other side of my fence.”
-love, the kind that has you want to ride off into the sunset with a guy. There are plenty of kinds of love, Dean knows, that can make a man trade his life for someone else’s. But he’d known what Cas was saying, there was no mistaking it. How long had that love been there?
, enough to let Dean know much of it is simply his nature and not carefully-honed. He’s captivating, the lines of muscle-- even the softest parts of him can’t disguise it completely, only lend a grace to the lines of his body-- and the dark buds of his nipples, small and taut and tempting.
“Hey… hey.” His hand moves to Cas’ cheek, shaking. There are bruises, blood… he was only physically touched the once, but each one of the blows Chuck delivered without touching him looks to have counted for three. “I gotcha. I gotcha, sweetheart, you’re okay now.”
“Peer socialization and healing. Among other things.” He gives a little shrug and a lopsided smile. “The health team is small but they’re real good folks. About half the department’s made up of omegas. We got people who handle emergency situations, regular check-ups, physical therapy, uh… omega-specific health concerns as well as just general stuff. A lot of clients come in to get their care with us even after they mostly settle into independent life, you know, we keep offering services to anyone who needs us.”
Cas splutters in near-protest, but Sam clears out, and Dean drags him back to the bedroom for some serious privacy. The kisses aren’t remotely what he’d call ‘making out’-- they stretch out together and trade a few, gentle. Neither of them has real experience, in this… Cas, with his lifetime of seeing little point in kissing anyone he wasn’t sure he’d spend his whole life with, and then certain he wouldn’t get to have that, and Dean… Dean, with a solid decade of being used, but never allowed this. Never really kissed. Any other omegas he might have been able to turn to for the simple comfort of a touch meant to be kind wouldn’t have wanted this, not in the places he’d been. His first kiss was a lifetime ago, and since then…
“Yeah. He was probably going to say something when he came by to get me, but uh… cat’s out of the bag.”
“I thought-- you said no one was supposed to die, and you were carrying a guy out and the guard grabbed him back… and then you couldn’t talk about it, you were really shaken up just remembering it.”
“Because you like slasher movies when you’ve had a hard day. And I admit, they do allow you to… turn off the part of your brain that thinks too much about everything. You just respond emotionally to danger you aren’t in. It’s a safe way of experiencing adrenaline, when you feel fatigued. And the familiarity and predictability is something you find comforting.”
“There are birdfeeders, in the apple trees back there, and the seed’s here, too. If you can get them topped up for me, it’s just… Don’t worry about it if you don’t want to, but I mean… if you do, I’m paying you for your time, so… the birdseed’s there. Here’s a bucket for the weeds, and I’ll show you around to the other side where the compost drum is. You can dump all the plant matter there. Um… does that sound okay so far?”
“Yeah, Jody’s got a pair of girls there right now, I think.” Gabriel says, entirely missing the point of the anecdote.
“What’s your favorite thing?” He asks, after the subject of their shared history of kidnapping and confinement comes up. “I mean about being out now. Mine’s lemonade. Or toilet paper.”
it back… The problem isn’t that he thinks the fight against Chuck is hopeless, the problem is that a little bit of hope could kill him, if Chuck doesn’t do it himself. If he loses Cas and there’s no getting him back. If he were to lose Sam, or Jack, he would be devastated… and it would be different. He knows from experience it’s different. Losing Sam puts a fight into him, get him back or die trying, but losing Cas? Especially the last couple of times, losing Cas, it saps the strength right out of him, drains the color from the world.
“This one’s a lil’ lagniappe, on account of you a friend o’ these folks here, tomorrow morning you take one slice of your regular bacon and you fry it up in one pan, you fry this up in another, you taste both and then next week you tell me if you’re good at home.”
“Time works differently there, but I’ll know when you’re ready for me to come home… all you have to do is talk to me.”
me, Beloved. It is your softness that leaves me in awe, it always has been. And your eyes… you have very pretty eyes, you know. Warm and green as new life… bright with the good inside you. Gentle, the way you look at me…
“Okay, so… you got a truck, you can pick up Dean’s stuff from Jody’s and set him up in your spare room.” Sam says, his chin resting down on Dean’s shoulder.
“Don’t want to get my shirt wet.” He explains, and he begins deftly undoing buttons. Dean watches, wide-eyed, as the shirt is shed, and he gets his own first proper look at Cas’ chest. Not as hairy as a lot of alphas, but broad-shouldered, thick with muscle. A little softness over his stomach, around his hips, and the skin beneath his clothes is a little less tan, but considering his self-imposed isolation and the reduction in his physical activity since he left the strike team, Cas is
Because that’s the thing, isn’t it, with Cas? His whole life, Dean has been the protector, has pushed himself to be the strong one, has felt he had to be, but he doesn’t have to be that with Cas. Cas is-- was-- powerful, smart, he’d learned the ropes, and as much as Dean might still want to see him safe, Cas doesn’t
him for that. Cas is the one person Dean can let his guard down with. Not the way he does with Sam, because with Sam, even when he drops the walls and lets things get emotional, there’s always a part of him that’s ready to jump between Sam and trouble and there always will be. And no matter how big or how old or how capable Sam gets, he’s always going to be the baby brother Dean needs to look out for. With Cas, he could… he could learn to let someone else be the strong one.
He doesn’t know how not to be scared, of what’s coming. He’s so used to losing love, he’d given up on asking for even a fleeting imitation, he’d learned not to hold onto too much hope. Now, with Cas back from the Empty, and all that after telling him he deserves love, that he’s not just capable of it but good at love and he should get it back, that he
“I’m the one who has to deal with him when he’s left behind. Believe me, his complaints about going past the inflatable gorilla in front of the mattress store pale in comparison to his complaints about being alone all day. I don’t have to bring
David laughs, handing over the bag in his hand-- from the familiar weight of it, Cas doesn’t need to peek inside. It’s the same trade they make every couple of weeks.
It’s a pleasant late morning’s work-- neither of them says much at all, but it doesn’t feel strained or awkward. At least, not any more awkward than Castiel is capable of being all by himself. He and Dean both use the same scent neutralizing products, which makes things a little easier. Even as they work up a little sweat working, if they pass closer to each other there’s nothing personal or uncomfortable, just soap and good earth, a scent as clean and green as anything, and as familiar as the smell of any day working alone in his garden.
The line goes dead with a click and Cas takes another bite of his apple, pulling up his notes app. It tastes riper somehow.
“I… I kind of meant after, I thought maybe that would get me through to after. You know. Something to… fight for. Look forward to?”
“You forgot your stuff outside.” He holds the bag up, and it’s not a question, but there is a question lurking under it, a look on his face like even after the time he’s spent living practically in Cas’ backyard and getting to know him, he’s got to rethink trusting him now.
The second the words are out of his mouth, though, he sees it. Cas might not be totally healed, but the split lip is gone.
“I do. If it doesn’t, there’s a guest bed… we can work things out. You can sleep in my bed and I can sleep in the other room if you want the scent of me but aren’t ready to have another body in bed with you all night. If we try sleeping in separate rooms and that doesn’t work, either, we can try moving the beds around so we’re in the same room. Close but not touching, or pushed together so it feels like one bed but gives us more space... we have time and we have options. If our first night together isn’t perfect, we’ll learn how to make other nights perfect.”
“Yeah. Getting out there and doing part of that obstacle course, and everything Donna’s said about what it’s like being an omega on the strike team… dunno. Makes me feel like maybe I could do it. Like I could go in and do for some other omega what you guys did for me. Protecting someone else let me start to feel like myself again after I thought that part of me was gone, and… and you guys make me feel like that’s my future. That’s what I’m supposed to be doing.”
Now, he’s weak. Helpless. Useless. Maybe he wasn’t ever going to need to physically defend Dean, but at least they had some illusions, that he still
“Han Solo couldn’t be an omega?” Cas frowns. The movies hadn’t gone into secondary gender-- perhaps in a galaxy far, far away, people don’t have them. Perhaps it was simply unimportant for the story being told, up to the audience to infer. Given that he’d wound up with Leia, he’d considered it possible they were an unconventional alpha-omega pair.
That’s the thing Cas offers him, that no one else has ever been able to. With Cas… it’s okay, if he just wants to let go and let someone else protect him. He’s never really had that… even when Bobby had tried to let him be a kid, he’d had responsibility beat into him-- usually metaphorically-- too much to let go and not be on guard. Even with an adult who wanted nothing more than for him to be a kid, and who was fully capable of keeping him safe, he was on guard, all the time… It took a lot of time and work to start undoing that damage, and he knows a lot of that is work he’s done on his own, sure, but… having an angel watching over you sure helps.
“Nice.” He withdraws his hand, leaning in to kiss Cas’ cheek, his jaw, his chin. Soft and chaste and loving, giving Cas the option to come in for a little lips-on-lips action if he’s up for it, or to wait a minute first if it might be too much. He’s into kissing, but Dean still tries to be aware of his limits when things get hot and heavy.
He strips out of his jacket and his flannel shirt, and Cas gently folds both and places them on a nearby folding chair.
“I can see you’ve been a very good boy.” Cas’ voice is low, and the door clicks shut again behind him, but Dean still can’t bring himself to turn around. Not even as Cas’ hand skims up his naked back, curves warm and steady around the back of his neck and kneads away a little of his tension. “You’ve been treating yourself to something you like.”
“Honey, of course.” She leaves the groceries on the kitchen counter and comes around to pull a chair up close to the couch, scooting the coffee table out of the way. Dean reaches a hand out to her to hold, and she takes it between both of her own. “This is Sam, your younger brother?”
“Yup. Didn’t want to jinx that, either, until it looked like it took for one of us. Ro’s lost one before, and… I don’t know, you know, me. I never thought I’d…” He shrugs, and leans in when Cas puts an arm around his shoulders.
I will not follow you. Either we both live, or we both die, but I will not sit here wondering which it is. I will be with you.”
“No, it’s some freaky shit.” Dean agrees, helping him to sit up, rearranging the pillows. “Gonna get you that aspirin. Don’t worry about anything.”
“I better get back out there and make sure everything’s taken care of. Don’t want to leave Gabe and Rowena hanging. But, uh, good talk!”
“I’ll be harvesting along the row closest to the house and the herb planters up on the patio. Just call me if you need anything. And you don’t need to worry about the ground cover plants, beyond the weeding you’ve already done.”
To be fair, some people, Castiel wouldn’t respond well to such a question from. Most people, really. But Dean’s… It’s different, with Dean. When he asks, it doesn’t feel
He can hear the way Garth exhales, and the scratch of his pen, and he tries not to picture his face.
Cas ducks his head, smiling. “I can wait for him to wake, now. I feared… When I felt him crying out to me, I… I was with Jack, I knew Chuck had been defeated, that when Jack left you both, you were safe and whole, and of course it was my intention to return, regardless, but… In all the times Dean has turned to me, it never…
Their fingers are twined together, loose and comfortable, sock feet on the coffee table, well in each other’s space. Dean’s head is a comfortable weight, his body warm beneath the afghan slung across both their laps, his stomach full under Cas’ other hand. The volume on the television is turned down low, a movie Dean’s seen a dozen times or more, and Cas’ hearing is good enough…
“Thank you, dear.” Rowena reaches up, patting his cheek. “I’m sure they’ll appreciate it greatly. Speaking of, that recommendation you made to me last week turned out wonderfully. Made my mate a very happy man.”
“We’ll… maybe not ‘figure it out’, but… get lucky? Okay, maybe not that, either. When do we ever get lucky?” Sam shakes his head.
He’s done as much as he can, he thinks. The raised beds make it easier to tend to his vegetables, he has a watering system for the rosebushes and the row of fruit trees… He doesn’t get to deadhead as often as he’d like, and even with the raised beds, weeding is difficult, leaves him aching. Even if he culled some of his beloved plants, it wouldn’t change the need for general maintenance.
Cas murmurs something, in no language Dean can make heads or tails of, but even if the words go in one ear and out the other, the meaning sticks, the warmth and the amusement and the desire-- not to do anything that would count towards jinxing the situation, but to pull Dean back to bed, to lie there together.
“Yeah.” Sam flashes her a smile, unsteady but grateful. “Yeah, he’ll love that. I just… I don’t  know how he’ll be after this. When we were kids… I know he struggled with his early heats, even before I understood much about what he was going through. And our father didn’t exactly help… didn’t cut Dean any slack just because he was suffering. I know this is different, and he’s safe, and it’s great, but… I just worry about him. After he was taken, after everything he went through while I was growing up in an actual home… Ever since you guys gave him back to me, we’ve seen each other every day. When we’re not both here, you know… he goes to the center with me when I’m in the office, or I pick him up from Jody’s place so we can go out to dinner or just so we can hang. This is the first time since that picnic that I’m not going to see him for days, and I totally get why, it was mortifying enough being stuck on opposite sides of a bathroom door before I presented, pretty sure we’d be gagging on each other’s scent if we had to be in the same room now, and beyond embarrassed, just…”
“You’re aroused…” Cas’ words are half-muffled against Dean’s lips, and his hands pause, but they don’t fall away. “Is this good, or do you want to stop?”
fifteen minutes, if you wanna keep talking about how you can’t wait to blow me, but don’t get used to it. I hate to break it to you, sweetheart, but in a couple years it’s probably getting slower.”
. And when she died, he really was. I learned how to do everything for him, and I was damn good at that, too. And I coulda-- if she’d’ve lived or if half this shit hadn’t happened to me, I coulda been a damn good omega.”
He’d leashed him just in case, but he’s happy to see Tybalt settle on the cushion of the white wicker footrest, calm once more.
“Ro’s thinking maybe more neutral colors, but the blue is growing on me. Maybe just… pick up a little white to refresh the doorframe and then paint some clouds around the walls. Green throw rug. Put a rocking chair by the window.”
Dean bit his bottom lip and looked at Cas's groin, reaching out to run tentative fingers down the alpha's cock as he had been trained, marveling at the change between the paleness of the shaft and the dark, more flexible skin around the base that would swell into a knot. He'd never seen the knot, of course; it would have been inappropriate for a concubine-in-training to see a naked alpha, so all of April's training had been done with male betas, slaves from the kitchen. Cas was bigger than them, even flaccid, and it looked like he would be thicker than the toys April had made him practice with. Dean felt the faintest hint of slick between his legs, and Cas's dick twitched in response.
"That's the symbol of Wilderness Pack," Tasha replied. "If you hold your hand to it and speak, I'll be able to hear you and respond. You saw Charlie use it to speak to Rowena. If you feel it start to tingle, that means that I am trying to speak to you, so put your fingers on it and listen."
"I want to be able to fight when I need to, but . . . I don't want to have to be in charge anymore."
Dean brought his down second, staring in shock at the deceptively innocent angel watching him, pride in those crystal blue eyes.  “You beat me.”  Sam and Jack finished moments later, eagerly watching the exchange.  “Where the hell did you learn to do that?”
"I wouldn't want one of them," Dean whispered. "I know you saved me, but I wish you didn't have to. Why did the gods curse me to be an omega?"
"Not bad," Balthazar answered. "It was a little rocky at the beginning, but I settled the problem and we didn't have any more issues."
"Dean! There you are, Chief." A tall, bulky alpha with pale blue eyes and matching brown hair and beard approached the pair, pulling Dean into a tight hug. "I wondered where you got off to. Who is your attractive new friend?"
She was the best tracker in the pack, so Dean nodded toward Sam and the fourth member of their band, gesturing for them to join him and await Jo’s analysis.
shed in front of his father. He tightened his grip on the sword and moved his leg forward, correcting his posture for the next drill. "Of course, Dad," he ground out, hoping that he had prevented any of his despair from leaking into his voice. He failed, of course, if the narrowing of John's eyes was any indication, but the older alpha just barked out the next drill and pushed him through it.
Dean chuckled, ducking his head. "It's a farm, Balthazar, and a farming town where my sire has a great deal of influence. Not much has happened to me."
Cri-Kee reached up and tugged on one of Kevin's whiskers, tapping Khan's back to get his attention. He chirped his theory quickly, the black horse looking over his shoulder and huffing his agreement. Kevin frowned, considering the cricket's words. "You think that would work? I mean, Dean does look drastically different as Steve, and if he stands quietly and doesn't use that deep voice that he's cultivated to maintain his alpha persona, maybe the Imperials wouldn't be able to identify him. It's not unusual for siblings to look similar." Khan nodded, stomping his feet in agreement. "Okay, well as soon as this war is over, we're going to get Dean home and help him find a mate. I don't care what the Great Ancestor says; I'm not going back to sleep until that boy is happy."
break, and they must be healed by the people who love them. That is what will repair this tired, shattered kingdom. I can't tell them that, because it would terrify them, but all I see in their future is more pain. I can't see the end of the road; I just know that it
Rowena stared at the Celestial for a moment, her gaze flicking to Dean as her eyes glowed. Charlie glanced up at her mentor with concern, a question in her eyes, but the other witch spoke a moment later. "There are some intimate activities that will not trigger a partial mating bond. Touching is fine, kissing, and almost anything that involves your mouth or tongue."
"It would be better if his hair was black," the taller of the two male omegas groused, twisting the hat in an attempt to position it better before pinning it to the twisted knot Garth had created. He slipped a trio of ornate hair sticks into the knot, fiddling with the charms that hung from the black lacquered wood. "Doesn't your husband have black hair?"
The raven-haired omega nodded, clearing the snow off of a nearby log as he slipped into his pants, taking a seat before taking the heavy socks and moccasins his brother offered. He already missed the heavy boots he wore around Asa's city, knowing that they had packed lightly on purpose to avoid overloading the three omegas. Once he slipped into a heavy shirt and jacket, Gadreel had started a fire, heading down to the frozen river with a water skin and ice pick.
face. "Where did this come from? How is Gabriel even alive?" He paused, eyes flicking to the golden wings still on display, the distinct lack of shirts on both men, and the faint scorch marks on the edge of the central kitchen island where Gabriel's hands had been resting moments earlier. "Sammy, were you just about to bang an archangel on the table where I fix my breakfast?"
Dean clenched his fists in frustration, reaching out carefully to pluck the tiny cricket off of the cup before Crowley could take a sip, but he misjudge the distance and his fingers brushed the Matchmaker's as he cupped the bug into his hand.
"Welcome to the Pack, Gabe." When Sam had told Maggie and Dean that he was willing to be a mentor this year, he had expected to be assigned a Freshman omega, some boy still awed by the idea of High School, not a fully presented omega weary from harassment and unwanted alpha contact. But, unlike the Freshmen they had accepted, Gabe truly
Michael cleared off the last table of the afternoon, glancing around the empty bar as he wiped his rag over the dark surface. "Looks like we have a bit of a lull."
"No, of course not." The omega slipped into bed beside his boyfriend, finding comfort in Dean's strong arms and the nose pressed tightly against his neck. "Goodnight, Dean."
Michael snarled at the seraph, tightening his grip on the collar as he wrapped his free hand around Cas’s upper arm. The younger angel screamed as fire burned through him, tearing at his grace and scorching his mind. He tried to pull away, but the collar held him fast, Michael’s insane laughter following him into oblivion. “That’s what it feels like to be burned by holy fire,” the archangel hissed, dropping the unconscious angel onto the floor.
Cas and Gabe both went for the sliced meat, piling sliced ham, turkey, and two types of cheese on their first sandwich before asking for bacon. Gabe's second sandwich was salami, ham, and roast beef, and his third was a BLT. Cas joined him with a BLT for his second sandwich and just egg, cheese, and bacon for his third. Dean smiled as he used his spatula to lay the bacon across all three of Cas's sandwiches, feeling a warm surge of alpha pride that he had been able to adequately provide for his omega.
The third alpha rolled his eyes and leaned against the locker on Gabe's other side, forcing him to divert some of his attention away from Narfi and the older one on his other side. "Fenrir, you have odd taste in omegas. Males are too much trouble; you should stick to females."
Cas tilted his head, wishing he could see Dean's eyes in the gloom. "You told Sam not to get his hopes up about Rowena. You told him to have a Plan B."
Cas nodded and rested his head on Dean’s shoulder.  “More than I ever dared dream when Sam recommended this plan.  Thank you, Dean.”
"Luci and I are staying out tonight," Mike announced as the two alphas waltzed into the kitchen, running his fingers through his brother's raven hair as he had done since they were pups. "Are you two going to be okay watching Anna and Alfie? I don't smell Balthy around anywhere."
The hunter finally relented, reaching out and clapping a hand on Cas’s shoulder.  “That was a good con.  I’m proud of you.”  And with that he was gone, moving to stand in queue at the bottom of the stage with the small group of patrons waiting patiently.
"Is that pup Samandriel?" Balthazar leaned forward, blue eyes meeting Meg's golden-brown as the beta slowly nodded. "I know that name. He's a pup out of Malachi's band, the Eastern Celestial Pack. He's probably better off with your pack, to be fair."
Balthazar flashed his fangs at Kevin, turning his gaze skyward as he flapped his wings again, gaining altitude as the other two wolves rose behind him. His powerful thrusts pushed them hundreds of feet into the clear sky, far above the brooding pines and lingering fog that cloaked the Spellbound lands. Kevin and Alfie kept their positions flawlessly, despite their smaller sizes and weaker flying muscles. Balthazar leveled off almost a mile above the ground, settling into a brief glide as he gave his passenger time to correct his grip and prepare for the inevitable decent. Glancing at Mshindi for just a second, Balthazar let out a tremendous howl, the younger omegas joining him as they announced their superiority over the skies before dropping their heads and flapping their wings once more, twisting the appendages at the last second to push them into a steep, terrifying dive.
Sam nodded in approval, whispering something to his little bird as he left Cas's room, pulling the tall wheeled cage behind him.
Dean looked up from his meal in shock, glancing at Meg to confirm that this wasn't a joke. "For me? Why would you buy clothes for me? I'm your youngest, lowest ranked concubine and you haven't even . . . spent time with me yet."
Gabe sighed and paused the show, placing the tablet on the table as he pushed himself into a sitting position. "When did you get to be the wise one, Cassie?"
Dean had seen Castiel's two half-brothers, and he truly hoped that he wouldn't be forced to ask one of them to help him through his heat. It might be better than going through another one alone, though, as the ones he'd had so far had been torture. "I just had one earlier this year, and one when I presented. The physician said that male omegas tend to have long gaps between heats since we aren't fertile, so it will likely be another three years before I have to worry about it again."
"I don't know," Cas whispered, pulling the teen into his arms. Dean only resisted for a moment, letting the alpha comfort him with his touch and that overwhelming scent of ginger-sharpened honey. "I'm sure your father made all of the right offerings, prayed on the right days, and went to the right temples before your heat. Sometimes the gods don't care and we are left to pick up the pieces. There are fewer and fewer male omegas born in Rome as the decades pass, so maybe one of them is answering, albeit slowly. I promise that you will always have a place with me, even as Head Concubine once I decide that April has served long enough, and even if you leave to find a better master or a better life, I would never deny you the chance to return. As long as I am prince or Caesar, you will have a place with me."
Crowley chuckled as he dressed, choosing to stay in his soft cotton underclothes instead of his wolf-fur ones. He had no intention of shifting that day, and he wasn't holding court, so he could choose more casual clothes. Balthazar also ignored his wolf-fur underclothes, finding a pair of heavy, cream-colored pants and a sky blue shirt that Crowley had given him a few days earlier, the sleeves decorated with light green vines interspersed with dark purple grapes. It was a nod to the omega's love of wine, and it was quickly becoming his favorite shirt.
"Luci and I can get the dishes finished in the back," Mike offered, nodding toward Jo as she carried the bin of classes into the kitchen. She was too young to work the bar, all three of them were, but they could serve tables and clean up. Technically, she wasn't allowed to carry beers until she was eighteen, so Luci and Mike had taken over that duty when they started work earlier that week. Ellen was already suitably impressed with their work ethic, and the taskmaster beta rarely praised anyone.
Two dozen Pack members burst into action at the cry, Don and Maggie stopping at the crumpled form in the grass near the sidewalk while Sam led the rest of the dominants headfirst into traffic, roaring at the trio of alphas on the other side. Fenrir, who was on the school's baseball team and had a wicked arm, froze as he realized his mistake; Narfi and Sleipnir bolting in the opposite direction. Cars screeched to a halt, honking at the flood of teenagers, but they didn't stop until they reached the other side of the street and split up to chase down the three brothers. Sam was quick to grab Fenrir, overpowering him even faster than the day in the hallway, shouting orders to his fellow Pack members.
Mshindi placed a hand on Balthazar's arm, his light grip somehow grounding the omega. "He can fly down there. No one will see him."
"And Metatron tricked you with that whole kicking everyone out of Heaven thing," Dean soothed, wrapping his arm around Cas's waist. The newly minted archangel seemed to have gained some control, the glow gone from his eyes and his wings slightly more settled. "And you were a human for months; that's certainly punishment enough."
Dean was quiet for a long time, staring into space as he picked at his pie. If he wanted to, Cas could listen in on his lover's thoughts, but it seemed more like an invasion of privacy than it used to. Finally, the hunter took a deep, steadying breath and spoke. "I guess it's better than him sleeping with demons. I can't say that Gabriel is my favorite person, especially not after he turned Sam into my car, but he is the only one of your siblings who has ever treated us fairly, or liked us at all. And he did save us from Lucifer in that hotel, even if he faked his own death to avoid any further responsibilities during the Apocalypse."
"So, what, specifically, forms good bonds? Michael just told us to spend time with our alphas and we would have a decent bond."
"Is Gabe going to fly off with Sam like this every time . . ." Dean trailed off, not willing to finish the sentence.
"Oh, gods, I was terrible. It hits me worse than any of my brothers, and they had to tie me up on my fifth day because I could smell alphas even in our secluded wing of the palace. Normally, I wouldn't have anything to do with them, but my heat makes me desperate."
"Yeah, okay. Coral Lake. It was dusk, and I could see the constellations in the darker part of the sky. Based on the stars I saw, assuming that they aren't very different from the constellations back home, I would say that it happens within a month of the Spring Equinox."
Thankfully, Mshindi realized that the boys were at a loss for words, so he broke the silence. "It is a strange gift, I know, but, in my land, your birth parent would have procured you one or more when you reached your first heat. It helps you in times when you prefer not to seek out a sexual partner or when you are in the middle of a heat and cannot mate. The substance they are made from is called
"Something like that," Cas echoed, his eyes distant. "Dean, Balthy . . . he's going to become Crowley's mate one day, isn't he?"
"Uh, no, Captain. I'm from a warmer climate. Also, I'm not really sure . . . why you invited me. I'm not an Imperial."
“Jack, you can’t say ‘purchase and consume alcohol’.  You sound like an undercover police officer.  Or someone with a fake ID.  Just stick with ‘have a beer’ and you’ll sound a lot more natural.  And convincing.”
The alpha's hazel eyes widened in shock as his pen fell from nerveless fingers. "Are you . . . are you asking me what I think you're asking me? You want me to skip ahead with you?"
"Don't be melodramatic," Bobby snapped, rolling the scroll carefully and scratching his beard. "I know a few folks down in Cyrenaica who own a lot of land, right where silphium grows wild. I bet they're hoarding supplies, waiting for the market to get even more desperate. Still, it's a risk to tap into it, because the land where it can grow is getting scarce. They won't sell to a mainstream trader, but if I say I have an exclusive contract with Caesar and his family, they would sell to me."
"Which is why I never told you. But now I can use those supplies again to hide my scent and take Sam's place in the Imperial Army."
The alpha laughed, watching Crowley stalk away toward the cluster of Pack members who looked to him, Balthazar smiling appreciatively as he watched the omega's ass. "Thank you, Dean, for this rare opportunity. I've needed someone to help me . . . study my French. What period does he have French Lit?"
"We'll have to see what the Matchmaker says," Mary replied, pointing toward a very familiar black stallion thundering down the main street of town. "My prodigal son has finally arrived."
Balthazar raised his blue eyes to meet Crowley's crimson, a flash of anger rising in his chest at the alpha's tone. "Yeah, I'm sorry that my suicidal brother's health interrupted your posturing, but you can bite me."
"I don't know," Dean finally answered. "It was just instinct, I guess. I was fine with you being in control at first, but when he lunched for Alfie, I knew that it was up to me to get him to obey. His rut came on fast, like mine did, not slow like Sam's, so I knew that a firm response would work best on him."
"It has to be one of those seven, for sure. Messengers have to be omegas or alphas, and they gain their wings during heat or rut, never their first one but when they are old enough to serve. The boys got them at twenty and twenty-one, and I think that their growing
Gabe rolled his eyes and started walking to the end of the road. Brookwood was pretty quiet this time of morning, a few people sitting on their front stoops or raking the leaves but all of them ignoring the boys. They reached 19th and turned right, heading down the main road toward their school. Gabe huffed and looked up at his brother, easily keeping up with the quick pace. "Cas, is your scent stronger today than usual?"
"Everything hurts," Gadreel grumbled, his voice vibrating against Benny's thigh. "How are you not completely dead right now?"
sons reminding her how close Balthazar, Alfie, and Kevin had become. She knew that none of them were used to being constrained during heat, and she had almost expected them to make a break for it at some point. At least with Mshindi's assistance, their escape had probably been a little safer. "That doesn't make me feel any better."
"I mean, yeah, a little bit. It's just because he's the dominant alpha here; an omega will always respond to someone like that. I don't know him well enough to
The alpha shrugged. "I'm not. You taught me a lesson that day, and I'll keep the scars so I don't forget it. I didn't take the time to figure out what was going on with you and your brothers, and I attacked an omega, which is unforgivable. These are scars I deserve."
Sam smiled softly, running his hand through his hair. "Dean calls me Sammy. Do you think . . . do you think Castiel will really take care of Dean?"
"No, but wait long enough and you can mate one of his sons, move in legit-like," Lucifer purred from his seat beside Michael. The older alpha slapped him on the shoulder, growling something about putting ideas into pups' heads, but it was too late. The youngest Novak bit his lip and narrowed his eyes in thought as he rolled the suggestion around in his mind.
Dean cleared his throat and smoothed his hands over the lily pad that was currently shielding him from the other soldiers. Male omegas generally looked just like male alphas, except they tended to be leaner as they didn't put on muscle the same way, and they rarely had any body hair. The alphas of the Imperial family didn't, either, though Benny had enough to make up for the lack in his friends. Dean wasn't necessarily concerned that his upper body would give him away, or even his slightly narrower waist and hips that could one day bear children, but his dick would be a dead giveaway. Alphas and betas were larger, much larger, than omegas in most cases, though Dean was reasonably certain that he was pretty well endowed for his subgender. He'd seen both of his brothers naked, and he certainly wouldn't be losing any size competitions. Alphas had that darker, elastic skin at the base of their dick that would expand into a knot, but Dean didn't and it would be clear really quickly that he was lying about his subgender. Not to mention, he had much smaller, technically useless testicles and his scent would be much easier to detect once he was out of the water as he had already washed away all of his scent-blocking lotion.
I am the guardian of lost souls! I am the powerful, the pleasurable, the indestructible Kevin Tran." As he spoke his name, the slender dragon emerged from behind the rock, smoke still leaking from between his teeth as a purple cricket followed in his wake. The red dragon with a gold belly was hardly awe-inspiring, and he definitely did not look powerful, but it still took Dean a long moment to regain his voice.
Cas pushed himself up at that, the exhaustion clearing from his crystal blue eyes. "You want . . . you want a next time? I thought . . ." His brows furrowed, and he looked down at Dean's chest. "I thought this was just a spontaneous, one night stand situation."
possessive, but Zar is not an object. He's a person who can make his own choices, even if my wolf wants nothing more than to hold him close and keep him safe from everything. Forever."
Rowena smiled and moved closer to the omega, running gentle fingers across his forehead as she checked her handiwork. "It looks like the graft is holding just fine. Your own brain will rework its neural connections to adjust for the repairs we made. You may find yourself forgetting how to say certain words for a while, or saying to wrong words, but it will get better the more you speak. I get the feeling that you enjoy talking, so that part should not be hard."
"Celestials?" Claire was understandably skeptical, especially since her hatred of their northern enemies ran deeper than most. However, her grudge was with the alphas and betas of that pack, not the omegas, so she would help if she was asked to.
Ellen growled at Mary's question, the noise so out-of-character for her that Dean looked up in shock. "She volunteered to fight, against my direct orders."
Charlie nodded toward the lake, where Castiel, Gabriel, and Gadreel were racing each other through the chill water while their boyfriends tried to soak up some of the late-winter sun on the beach. "I tried for Gabriel and Sam, and all I could see was him pregnant, not the pup itself. I wondered if it was because of the mixing of natures, legacy and messenger, so I tried for Cas and Dean. All I saw was a brilliant golden-orange light, warm like the sun but fierce and deadly. I couldn't look for too long, and I felt that even the powerful psychics catching my images shied away from it. Your son and his future mate are too cloaked in your power for me to see clearly, but I think that Crowley will have the alpha half-witch son he so desires to rule after him. There was more, but I just . . . I couldn't push the vision any further. I'm hoping that I will have more control once I meet my prophet."
swelled to fill the throne room as Crowley nuzzled his omega, Balthazar's lighter rosemary-mint aroma quickly swelling to complement it.
"With the betas I always was, because they wanted it that way. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy it immensely, but it is nice, once in a while, to let someone else be in charge."
Two slices later, Dean's memory seemed to catch up to him, and he looked up at the angel perched in the chair next to his. "I thought Gabriel was dead."
"Okay, I am learning some of those words. Canon means a couple that's the show, right? And ship is short for relationship. So Destiel would be one of these OTPs."
find his brother's voice soothing, chuckled and settled down onto the grass between Dean and Cas, leaning forward just enough to let his forehead rest on the omega's knee. It was a gentle, non-threatening request for attention, the pup eager to make friends with this Sophomore who had caught his brother's attention. Cas, reminded of his younger brother Samandriel, smiled and rested his hand in Adam's hair.
"Oh." Sam worked through half a dozen responses in his mind, but the sudden unbidden mental image of his brother on his knees in front of Cas wouldn't leave him. "Really, you, kneeling on the floor, giving an omega a blowjob?"
Dean shrugged, watching the flutter of activity in silence for a moment. Max handed his mother a worn leather bag marked with a medical symbol, helping her figure out where to settle it in the main pack. "What about an omega? One of Cas's brothers could go with you."
Cas replied earnestly, passing on the words that his superiors had given him to say. "Listen to me. You have to stop it."
"Uh, hell no. I want to feel that again, as much as I can. I've been fighting my omega instincts my whole life, and it felt nice to give in for once."
Gadreel glanced up as Sam walked across the small garden toward the oblong pond where the two omegas were relaxing, the tall alpha taking the empty chair on Gabriel's right side. Gadreel greeted the brunet, but his twin continued to stare at the half-frozen pond, his golden eyes dull and unresponsive. Tasha had provided him with a wheelchair, his injured leg propped up in front of him and a number of warm, colorful blankets wrapped around his slender form. Sam glanced at the half-eaten meal sitting on the table in front of them, glancing at Gadreel in a question. The tall omega shrugged, standing and placing a hand on Gabriel's shoulder.
“Yes, Dean?” The hunter hovered at the very edge of sleep, but clearly something was still bothering him.
"I don't give a shit about impressing you, sir," Dean snapped back, knowing better than to offer an outright disrespect but learning how to challenge without offending from his time among so many alphas and dominant betas. "I will beat you, though."
Dean opened his mouth to make a smart comment, freezing as the bird beside his cheek also opened his mouth. He made a deep, undulating trill before clucking a few times and leaning forward. Completely still, Dean watched as the bird grabbed a short beard hair and tugged on it, eyes whirling as he made a kissing noise. Dean's green eyes met Cas's blue as he silently asked what he was supposed to do with this intense little bird. Cas turned to the bird on his shoulder and kissed her beak, smiling when the blue bird made a kissing noise back. Casting his eyes toward Tempest, who was watching him a bit too intently, Dean pursed his lips and tentatively offered a soft kissing noise. Tempest leaned up and forward and made the kissing noise back, following with a soft, high-pitched
Balthazar nodded, glancing down at the dark and light beads hanging around his neck. This skill would have been incredibly useful when he and his brothers had been escaping through the mountains, and he was determined to learn it and hopefully teach his family when he returned to them. He reached over to the tattoo on his arm, his thoughts flying to his twin so many hundreds of miles away, and he couldn't wait to see him again. He was tempted to call Tasha, ask to speak with Cas again, but he knew that the witch was busy managing the male omegas in her own pack who were in heat.
"Many of you will find that you have a preference for partners, a preference that might be based on gender, subgender, or some other trait that appeals to you. It's normal to have a preference, even if you find that you need a different type of partner during your heats or ruts."
Kevin grinned. "He's the heir to Wilderness pack, so John would bring dozens of omegas to meet his son every month, males and females, but Dean rejected every one. I heard that John tried to bring him a young male who was already in heat once, and Dean just straight up ran away, refusing to be coerced. That might have been his first patrol with his current band, come to think of it. He doesn't believe in manipulating anyone, regardless of their subgender, and he resented what his father was trying to do. I'm pretty sure that John stopped that nonsense, but Dean slept around with betas to get back at him, especially male betas."
"I like quiet nights in front of the television, watching a movie or playing a video game. It's just nice to be together."
"It's always nice to put my healer training to use." She tucked the shirt back into the bag and headed for the door, hoping that Dean was still in the dining room where she last saw him.
Unfortunately, that training class was dodge flaming arrows, which were mostly harmless due to the lack of a sharp tip, but even getting grazed by one risked angry red burns on exposed skin. The soldiers donned their armor and tried to rush through the training field, every one of them cleaning scorch marks from their gear or bandaging ugly welts on their exposed skin that night. Benny had fared the worst, managing to catch his pants on fire at the end, and he even accepted Dean's help when the omega offered to clean the wound and bandage it. Benny growled at their captain that night over supper, but everyone knew that his anger was misplaced. He should have been faster, more agile, and the Huns would never cut him a break if he was too slow. If Benny and the other recruits couldn't learn to run and dodge, they wouldn't last a day in a real war.
"So, we going to Rome? Wouldn't be too shabby." He appeared behind the hunter while he was washing his face in the motel bathroom sink, catching the end of the conversation that Dean was apparently having with Sam in the other room.
"Dad won't be home until seven or eight tonight," Gabe pointed out, trying to keep his scent calm so his brother wouldn't panic. "Lucifer has a late class today and Michael has to pick up the kids and feed them before taking them home. We have until five, easy."
Benny and Balthazar were already firing cannons at the archers, Charlie and Anna lining them up as Cas measured the distance and gave the command to fire. The rest of the troop, consisting of Ishim, Muriel, Inias, and Isaac were aiming their own arrows into the peaks, the shifting shadows and gloomy day making it difficult to see if any of them were hitting their mark. Two cannons flew into the side of the closer of the two mountain perches, exploding with satisfactorily large plumes of black smoke, halting one of the groups of archers as the second one increased their hail of arrows. Charlie grabbed three of the remaining cannons, handing them to Benny and Balthazar as she and Dean stuck the ends of their own in the snow and aimed them all toward the enemy on the peaks. Cas raised his arm and gave the command again, "Fire!" and four dragon-faced cannons sped toward the bare cliffside.
After lunch, they jumped into cannon practice, every single recruit destroying a target dummy, even Dean, whose aim had improved considerably without sabotage from Balthazar or one of his other teammates. When it was time to don their armor and run through flaming arrows, Benny proved to be the best of the lot, having learned how to anticipate where they would fly and avoid even the hint of being burned. Castiel actually clapped him on the back at that, proud that the alpha could overcome his embarrassing performance from the first attempt at this task.
"You can let me up now, Sammy," Dean murmured, his voice more subdued than Sam had ever heard. Sam moved to sit in front of his brother, nodding at Jo to reassure her that everything was under control. "I'm sorry."
Sam and Dean slowed to a stop, joining Benny as the blonde alpha closed her eyes and sighed. "I just . . . I was thinking that this is the last time I'll run with your pack."
"That's not too personal, at least in Spellbound lands. Rowena explains it better than I do, but only naturally-born witches have purple eyes. The children of witches who only have latent power will have red eyes, and the rest of us just have normal eyes."
"Well, yeah, of course. You could have moved out when Max removed your stitches, but it was easier for us all to watch you in a room with a half-dozen beds."
Dropping his gong, Kevin slithered up to his old pedestal, laughing as soon as he was in position. "Okay, okay, I get the Jif. I'll go." The ancestors, hovering beneath him with their amorphous lower bodies still attached to their name stones, burst into laughter, even the leader chuckling. "What, you don't think I can do it?! Watch this!" Kevin breathed in and snorted out a tiny flame, the largest he had ever managed. He was a dragon, technically, but he had always relied on his deviousness and wits to overcome any task that was set before him. "Ah-hah! Jump back; I'm pretty hot. Don't make me singe somebody to prove my point."
"They tell some impressive stories, like how your coat shines in the sun. One of my guards said the same thing, and I'm a bit sad that I missed it."
Dean leaned against the tree closest to the school, eyes on the carpool loop as he waited for Cas to be dropped off. Something was bothering him, an itch along his spine that he couldn't ignore. Balthazar had come in with Crowley that morning, which wasn't that unusual, but Cas and Gabe were late, which never happened. Sam was somewhere nearby, arguing with Charlie about some obscure reference from their Ancient Cultures lecture the day before. There were other members of his pack milling around the field, a handful of them in the student parking lot with some of their other friends, but everyone had one ear pointed toward their Head Alpha, their sense on high alert. The splinter leaders had picked up on Dean's uneasiness earlier, passing that concern down to their followers, and it seemed like everyone was standing around waiting for something to happen.
Benny leaned back against the nearest tree, adjusting his position until he was comfortable. Gadreel had stretched out on the ground beside him, head pillowed in the beta's lap, whining at the burning in his muscles. The training session had been brutal, Cas pushing his brothers hard in their flight drills as Dean worked with his pack on the ground. Charlie had joined to watch the practice, making a fire and providing snacks, water, and tea for the group when everyone took a break. She sat beside Jo, massaging the alpha's shoulders and whispering something in her ear.
"Aye, he will. That is all I know. It might be Michael, or his brother Lucifer; it could be John or one of his two sons; it could be Crowley or Cain for all I know. It may happen far enough in the future to be one of your pups. The only thing I know is that the King will rise at the end, when the tribes are weakest, assuming that the four omegas still stand."
"Donna told Anna that she was being unreasonable," Balthazar teased, jumping back as his sister took a swing at him. "She asked for a beta male specifically, but most beta males want to be the dominant one, and they want a good chance for pups. They go for omegas when they can, and the few left who would ask for a beta female are generally doing it because their family is too poor or too common to attract an omega. Certainly none of them has gone to their Matchmaker and asked for a dominant female beta with war honors and an Imperial title!"
"I stopped by the kitchen to grab drinks," the omega replied, passing the soda over before falling into his beach chair. "Two of Benny's friends made some new punch and it's better than before, but I thought you would prefer a soda."
Patience shook her head, eyes already glazing over as she returned to her vision. Unlike a true prophet, a psychic had no control over her mental flashes, sometimes seeing things that she could not understand or people that she had never met. "They are four brothers, and I think they are Celestials. They'll be in the capital city less than two weeks after the Spring Equinox."
"I talked to my counselor; she showed me the credits I have toward graduation and compared them to the base requirements to get out of here and enter KU, or most any college of that level. I'm less than three semesters from graduation. She said that the school teaches summer classes to help people who were left behind, but I'm betting that I can use them to get ahead."
"You will assemble swiftly and silently every morning." Dean truly hoped the other soldiers would obey that edict, as he had no intention of getting into a fight every day with one or more of them. Castiel grabbed a long bow and an arrow from one of the quivers on the training field before continuing. "Anyone who acts otherwise will answer to me."
. And he knew that Dean wouldn't press the issue, that he would be fine if Cas was unwilling to shake his hand.
The demon nodded. “A rather large organization. They tend to be ruthless and single-minded, however. I would avoid all confrontation if possible.”
"I'll try anything at this point," Alfie grumbled, reaching over his shoulder to try to scratch a particularly annoying spot. He slipped out of his shirt and sleeping shorts, no longer modest around Balthazar after spending so much time with his cousin. He shifted into his pale brown wolf form, his belly a few shades lighter and his eyes the same soft brown shade he had in human form. He whined something to his brother, and Kevin stripped and shifted into his own black wolf form with white points and dark eyes. Balthazar followed a moment later, curious to hear whether shifting had helped.
Those simple words, more than his brother's flashing eyes, froze the tall omega, shame washing through him. It was all he did recently, dishonor his father and his family. Shaking, Dean closed his eyes and backed away, Adam pressed tightly against his back as Sam watched him, a touch of pity in his green-hazel eyes. John reached out to take the scroll, silently handing it to his alpha son as both of them bowed to the scribe. Since the Winchesters were nobles, Sam was assigned to a different camp, one closer to the Imperial City and one filled with the scions of other proud, noble lines. "Report at dawn to the Crystal Lake camp!"
"He's fine," Tasha assured him. "He chose to spend the winter with the main Spellbound pack in exchange for Rowena and Charlie joining us. He'll be Crowley's honored guest until the Spring Equinox."
Crowley nodded, glancing at the intricate beaded necklace hanging on a stand on the edge of his desk. It was one of the things Linda had brought back from her trip, a gift from the Alpha of the largest of the tribes, the Plains Walkers, who favored bright colors and beaded jewelry. "Sure, I remember. What about it?"
The tall alpha felt a slow smile spread across his face, reaching out to take Gabriel's wrist and pull it close to his nose. He kept his grip light, letting the omega know that he could pull away if he wanted, but clearly the blonde had decided to trust this oversized alpha, so he allowed the scenting. "Hmm, gardenia and cherry blossoms? It's a nice change from all these tree scents my pack seems to like so much. I can see why the school alphas seem so interested in you." His town was light and teasing, no undercurrent of
"No one in my pack has ever talked about the time before the war. Even the tiny packs along our northern and western borders have never mentioned it. The war just
"Yeah, I'm okay with that. After all, the only thing keeping me from asking you to court me is all this damn political nonsense." Balthazar stepped away from Crowley, clearing his throat as he looked into the sky. The first hint of dawn streaked the faint clouds, the pink/orange color oddly peaceful. "Before we got sidetracked, I told you that I do care about helping you keep your kingdom running smoothly. I meant that. I want to take this mission."
"Thank you, Dean," Cas breathed, his scent losing all of that bitterness and vanishing under the cloud of nothingness of the blockers. Dean could still smell honeysuckle and clover when he had the other boy pressed against his side, but he knew that a few feet of distance would give Cas the invisibility he desired from High School. "I'm sorry I'm such trouble."
He felt his heartrate return to normal as he raised his chin dismissively, showing Castiel that he didn't see him as a threat. "The pup has teeth," the captain teased, knowing that a small crowd was watching their verbal sparring match. "Let's see if you
“You can’t call him that,” Crowley growled. “Moose is my nickname for the great lummox. Get your own!”
Damian reached out and gently clasped Cas's bicep, squeezing gently as soon as the younger omega relaxed. He decided to address the younger omega's clear discomfort with simple touches rather than answer his question. "Were you abused by a former partner? Or your dominant parent?"
Sam coughed in a futile attempt to distract from his blush, unable to hide it with his arms full. "I just want to eat breakfast sometime before the sun sets."
Jo, who had brought her own bag as well as the Banes twins' satchels, looked up from the book she had been reading and smiled at her intended. "Char, everything is going to be fine. You've spent the whole day running around, flitting from project to project like a deranged butterfly in an overgrown meadow, and I'm worried that you're going to go crazy. The boys are relaxing in their own way because the next week is going to be nothing but hard runs, short meals, and even shorter tempers. Let them have today."
Gabe snorted. "Balthy is interested in sleeping his way through the entire presented student body before the end of the year. That's what he said on our first day in town, anyway."
"Linda, you can call me Balthy, and I know exactly what you are going to ask. My heat was a month ago and I won't have another until summer."
"Well, when we get home, you can prove it to me." Dean sensed the flash of despair a moment before Cas's crystal blue eyes filled with tears and they started rolling down his face. He gasped and shook his head, unable to stop, and Dean just pulled the angel closer and let him sob into his shoulder. He soothed Cas as best as he could, gently petting his head and holding him tightly while mindful of his injured wings.
"Fine, Crowley," Maggie relented, her enthusiastic energy undimmed by the rebuff. "What's his name, this young omega who caught your eye?"
"No, but one has to have that specific sequence in order to be one. Now, your brothers have to be AAxx, and the other omegas would most likely be ABOO. Since AAAA and OOOO fetuses generally perish before birth due to defects that make them incompatible with life, my guess is that your father is AABO or AAAO. With that information, I can draw these Punnett Squares and see what genetics in your parents would produce the number and types of offspring in your family. Your siblings are around 58% omega, 28% alpha, and 14% beta, so we are looking for results that get close to that."
"I never needed one before I met you," Crowley returned, still not ready or willing to move. "No one has ever made me lose control like this in my life, but just the idea of you in heat and I'm reduced to humping you against a wall."
Cas looked up, having slouched down somewhat in the alpha's arms, and offered the traditional request. "Dean Winchester, will you court me?"
“It takes a great deal of alcohol for the debilitating effects to become apparent,” Cas replied smoothly, his clear blue eyes turning up toward their waitress.
"I'm surprised you so casually park this exquisite vehicle in the school lot," Gabe commented, leaning forward from the back seat and sticking his head between his brothers'. Sam reached out to rest an arm on the omega's back, clearly not comfortable with his position.
“Have you healed at all?” Dean cast his eyes over Cas’s form, as if he could see the celestial injury. He did let his eyes linger on the muscular definition he could just make out through the thin white shirt.
"What does the Emperor order, Metatron?" John stepped closer as he asked the question, the faintest thread of respect in his voice. He didn't like the old scribe, never had, but it took a great deal of courage for a beta to serve on the Council amongst alphas, and even more for him to travel so far on his own to bring this news.
"I used to like running, back in middle school, but my high school in Illinois didn't allow omegas on the track team. It would be fun to do that again."
Cas looked up from his couch and smiled a greeting, his azure eyes locked on Dean. The omega, for his part, did not look up, unwilling to do anything to antagonize April. She had been in quite a mood since Cas left for war, and Dean didn't want to start an altercation with her.
The room was huge, the ceiling two stories tall with windows set high in the walls to allow in light without compromising the bathers' modesty. The floor was tiled in blue marble as it dipped down into a large, multileveled basin, water bubbling up from a smaller, higher pool and flowing down a playful waterfall into the lower one, everything fed by an underground spring and heated by one of Tasha's spells.
Dean looked down at the dragon as they slid further toward the edge of the cliff. "We need help." An instant later, as if in answer, an arrow with a rope attached to it landed in the snow next to Khan, just close enough that Dean could grab it. He quickly tied the rope to the broad strap around Khan's chest that had held him to the cart, reaching for his own bow tucked in his supply bag. He was suddenly very grateful that he had transferred his supplies from the cart to Khan before they headed for the pass.
"What did you guys see up there?" Charlie, as usual, was a bundle of energy, the faintest touch of purple magic glowing from her eyes in her excitement.
go to war to defend my mate. Your brother may be the worst kind of overbearing alpha bastard, but he isn't stupid."
He strode down to the floor of the throne room, a curious Balthazar one step behind him. "This is not our normal kind of emergency, but rather an announcement that I want my entire court to hear at the same time. I also expect that you will carry this to your towns and packs as soon as you leave here today." A chorus of agreements followed his words, and Crowley smiled. "Very well. I will start by sharing something that few of you know, a secret that once would have been celebrated but has become a badge of shame, a secret kept by Celestial wolves in their mountains and generally unknown to the other two packs."
"You'll come home smelling like other alphas," Michael growled. That was the crux of the problem, of course. He wanted his younger brothers to smell like his pack forever. It was normal for a young alpha without a pack of his own to desire that, to want to keep his family pack from changing, but his brothers were growing up and he hated it.
to protect his omega. "You're a good match for him, Balthy." He stiffened as a vision flashed through his mind, the colors too vivid and the scents overwhelming. The omega whined and closed his white eyes, taking a breath as Mshindi placed a comforting hand on his back.
," Meg snapped, heading deeper into the apartments to find the wayward concubine. April didn't bother to answer, returning to her scrolls as Castiel waited patiently in the center of the room.
Linda glanced at the alpha's tense posture and the death grip he had on Balthazar's hand, and she nodded in agreement. She knew that spending the day with two omegas going into heat had been hard for Crowley, and now that they were getting closer he was struggling to contain his wolf. She trusted him not to take advantage of Balthazar, but he definitely would need a few minutes alone with the boy before he could face his court again.
"Alright, so I'm going to go grab your boyfriend and try to get some breakfast into him. Wish me luck!"
Rowena titled her head. "Castiel, destruction is not a bad thing. The disparate packs have to be broken before the new King can rise."
"You'd have to do four classes in, what, two months? And you'd have to take your SATs this year in order to apply to colleges in time. That's a huge undertaking."
"We went to Kansas City this weekend to interview for jobs," Michael explained. "It's a small restaurant chain with locations in Lawrence, Kansas City, and a few other towns nearby. We did the math and we can work enough hours while going to school to afford a small apartment near campus. Next year, after we've had time to make friends, we can probably upgrade to something nicer. Either way, it's kinda time for us to become more independent."
The omega shook his head and walked to the window of their shared room, staring out across the snowy landscape. When he had lived in the mountains, looking out across that frozen, silent world had always helped calm his mind. "My fantasies were perfectly fine when I was younger, when I was sleeping with betas and omegas, but they wouldn't be appropriate for an omega in a relationship with an alpha."
Sam nodded, following a few steps behind his brother as they paced around the edge of the lake. Benny and Jo completed their group, possibly the first time that the four pack mates had been able to spend time alone together since they rescued four starving omegas three months earlier. Jo clenched her fists at her side, looking up as Benny's comforting hand came to rest on her shoulder. She wasn't immune to the beta's calming scent, and she gladly leaned against him and let that vanilla and sandalwood aroma wash over her.
Cas panted heavily as he pushed himself into a sitting position, some of the last few minutes blurry but he clearly remembered Steve pulling him onto the horse after dropping a mountain of snow onto the entire Hun army. He looked up at the boy soldier, who was kneeling behind him and also struggling to breath normally again, and shook his head in amazement. "Steve, you are the craziest man I've ever met," he scolded, softening his voice as he moved into a sturdier kneeling position. "And for that, I owe you my life. From now on, you have my trust."
"You are sixteen years old, Sam," John growled, reaching out to jerk the boy to his feet and shove him back into the correct position. "If you had been doing your sword drills for the past decade like I
“You already know the answer to that. We need to talk to Lucifer and, if he’s amenable, break him out of imprisonment in the Cage so he can help Gabriel find Michael and free Dean and his pet angel.” Crowley opened the heavy box, lifting out the strange, spiked leather collar and leaning over to fasten it around his mother’s neck. “However, I don’t trust you, so we’re taking some precautions this time.”
Balthazar took two steps forward, reaching out to place his forearms over Crowley's, hands gripping just below the alpha's elbows as they scent-marked each other. "Crowley, son of Hector and Rowena, I accept your suit and welcome your courtship."
Dean chuckled. "It wouldn't suck. I could hear Jo about a week before Sam or Benny. I always wanted to have a big pack, so you four joining up is pretty awesome."
Cas grinned, Dean's excitement infecting him, as well. His honeysuckle scent brightened as the alpha dragged him outside, blinking in the bright sunlight as he took a moment to breathe in all of the scents filling the back yard. It was significantly larger than the front yard, a small covered porch spilling out onto a huge patio covered in cushioned chairs, standalone swings, mosaic glass tables, and colorful potted plants. There were three large gas grills built into the wall along the outside of the patio, a tall, dark-haired alpha dominating that space as many of the other alphas flitted around him as pack members tended to do near their leader.
"Well, in my tribe this would not seem so strange. Except for the very last day, when an omega almost completely loses control of his wolf, we can walk freely during heat. Sometimes an alpha will go into a particularly hard rut and will be sent into the grasslands for some alone time and self-reflection, but we generally do not have those kinds of problems."
Rowena nodded politely and touched her fingers to the alpha's cheek, taking a quick measure of the woman before returning to her supplies. "I met your mother once, Jo, before you were born. She was scouting near Spellbound lands and we had a bit of a chat. Wonderful woman."
"I don't know," Gerald whispered, his knees shaking in fear. "I met him at the edge of the woods where you said, and I . . . he ran into the forest. I chased him, but I never found him."
"Yeah, but you can just call me Gabe. I don't care about that prince nonsense anymore. Being the head honcho in this army is enough for me."
Balthazar obeyed the command first, taking three cannons from the captain before running toward the ridge, his horse having already bolted in that direction. The others dismounted also and took two or three each, also, Dean grabbing one in his left arm as he used his sword to cut a terrified Khan free of the burning cart. He managed to swing himself up as the stallion bolted, trying to get some distance between himself and the cart before the fire reached the black powder supply and destroyed it.
Sam slipped off of Dean’s back, smiling at Gabriel’s running list of complaints about being carried like a baby and treated like he was going to break at any minute. Cas shifted back to human form and helped pull the supplies off Gadreel’s waist, shaking his head at his oldest brother’s antics. Sam leaned down and settled the blonde at the base of a nearby tree, frowning as the omega hissed in pain. “What’s wrong?”
sewing machine next to the supplies, digging through her box for patterns. "I do so love when I lose my dining table to your crafty spirit, my love."
"Clea said that you're a psychic or a seer; that's why your eyes are white. She thinks it's more likely that you're a seer."
to get away from Michael and his planned mates for them prompted their change. Rowena said that it's a little different for a prophet; they rise during a moment of great transition in their lives, or through some great trauma. It doesn't have to be during heat, but they would have to already be a messenger to rise as a prophet. All four of the boys fit the profile."
"Because of your siblings. You have two alpha and four omega siblings and your parents are an alpha and an omega. Their genetics have to be AAxx and OOxx, with these X's representing the genes we need to identify." Mary wrote the two sets on the board, leaving room beside them to note the seven pups' genes. "Now, the biggest hint we have about your parents' last genes is Castiel, who is a Lure. A Lure can only have one genetic sequence, AOOO, just as an Anchor, like my son Dean, has to be AAAO. This means that your father has to be at least AAOx in order to have created Castiel in the first place."
“You don’t have to want… There’s no one thing I need you to want, as long as you want to be here. There’s no one way I hope I’d be allowed to touch you, or treat you. It can be the way it always has been… I don’t want you to regret this call later, if… if there’s any, uh, hormonal involvement. I’m glad you called, but if… if you need things to stay normal, later, if you think better of any of this, I understand.”
, because that whiff of leather isn’t coming from his apples, Dean isn’t keeping his own scent fully neutralized, and it’s
take Dean home, to the brother and uncle who’ve missed him, to the garage where he could pursue his dreams without feeling self-conscious or afraid. To familiarity and comfort and love… he could never ask Dean to give that up, not for anything. Certainly not because of his own inconvenient feelings.
“You make the nest and I’ll make the popcorn and cocoa?” He groans, stretching out under Dean’s hands. “That feels good…”
Spanking, with Cas, is never a punishment and always a reward. If Dean asks him to do it, he will, and he’ll tell him how good he looks with his skin all pink. He holds back, obviously, but it’s
, you know? I’m just… I’m just some lousy bum who, who got lucky exactly once in his life. Afterlife. ‘Cause I got you. And you were gonna… just send me on my way and do your own thing and… but you kept coming back for me. You kept coming back for me and I got to… to relying on it. Not because you were a big gun I could pull out, because you were my friend. And… and it got to be I didn’t know what to do with myself, if you didn’t… if I couldn’t… I just wanted you there. Wanted you to stay. I guess I always knew you couldn’t. You had your own stuff… stuff you had to do, places you were needed when I didn’t really need you. But I wanted you.”
“Well, that’s what I like to hear.” He tosses off a wink to Gabriel. “Been a while since I been told I made an omega’s night. Any time you want the same, you let me know, we’ll set some aside for you.”
. Somewhere along the line, when he’s letting hot water beat against his aching shoulders, the strain of the day finally really hitting him, that’s when the anxiety starts squeezing its fist around his heart.
The moment Sam and Dean spot each other, they’re rushing to an embrace, all of Dean’s earlier hesitation gone in the face of actually seeing his brother again. Cas watches the collision between them, the way they throw their arms around each other and the half-laughter-half-sob they share when, on instinct, they move in as if Dean were the taller of the two and have to readjust. For a long moment, Dean just breathes his brother’s scent in, before hooking his chin over Sam’s shoulder with a sigh.
“Oh, isn’t that wonderful!” Rowena says brightly, leaning in. “We’ll be sure to, and Castiel can take it over to Jody, she runs the little foster operation, getting people back on their feet, she’ll be thrilled.”
He gives a jerky nod, leading with his chin, and Cas thinks it must be something he tells himself often, something he needs to believe.
“Sam is taking Jack out to the movies, they dropped me home.” One more squeeze, and then he strokes up and down Dean’s back. “I thought we’d have a little time alone. I wanted to tell you about what we bought. And I wanted to hear about what you did to take care of yourself.”
“I would love to. Next time.” Cas drops a kiss to his bare shoulder, his lips warm. “I’d better put on some clothes and make that salad before your brother gets here, though…”
Cas shivers and moans, bucks up into his own hand, and Dean’s afraid to kiss him, but he lets his hand slide from Cas’ wrist, up to his hand, up to his cock. Starts working it with him, slow and steady, feeling the heat of him, incredible...
“I am so pissed with you right now, but yes, okay, I love you, too. Shit, do we have to do this right now? Because I’m at my limit with emotional honesty and having feelings. I’m at my limit!”
“You don’t have to know how to talk to people. You just gotta… stand next to me so I can remember how to talk to people.” Dean nudges him, his smile familiar-- soft and wry and uncertain all at once, Dean’s pain and resilience and personality shining through the smallest quirk of his lips. “You just gotta keep me from punking out. I told Garth I’d ask someone but he might have to explain… you know. All this.”
He’s a little afraid to open his eyes again. Afraid something will be different, afraid nothing will be. Afraid he’s been a fool to hope, and who does he think he is spitting in the face of god anyway?
Gabriel’s smile grows dreamy, as he looks around the nursery, doubtless imagining it all set up for his future offspring.
“She’s setting up the obstacle course for the big training weekend for the strike team.” Cas nods-- they’ve talked about it over the phone enough. He hasn’t been involved in the training weekends since he gave up his own spot on the strike team and left Jody in charge, but he does keep himself available to her to consult on things, keeps track of how her team is doing. He gets updates on injuries, who needs physical therapy-- who needs therapy-therapy. If Jody is their commander on the front lines, he guesses that makes him the old general with maps and battle plans. There to give his expertise on tactics, but knowing in the moment she’ll make the right calls depending on how things go and what surprises pop up.
“Yes.” Cas nods, rising. “And longer. It’s… Those cases aren’t easy. But they happen, and they heal. And when they have family that it’s safe to return to, we try to facilitate that. We’ll call you, I’d lik to schedule a second interview. I’d like you to come in on a day when you can tour the whole building and meet a few key people. But… I’d like you to think very seriously about what I’ve said. We may be small in scope as far as the actions we’ve been able to take, and the budget we have, but when it comes to finding missing people, we have exceptional resources.”
“I’ve never gotten a boner from a kiss on the cheek.” Dean answers, because the years between twelve and fifteen don’t count.
“In a very real sense, yes.” Cas blinks back. “It was stunning, surprisingly emotionally evocative-- the music had something to do with that. The experience of watching it is… it’s the closest I think you can get to seeing the world being made.”
“All right, catch us up.” Dean leans back in his chair, his hand finding its way into Cas’, comfortable and familiar, though it’s not like hand-holding has ever really been a thing for them.
Monday proceeds as Mondays usually do-- one of the other two alphas drops by from the boutique butchers’ trailer with a little treat for Tybalt, and a chat about business. His mate works for the center, helping to track down omegas who have gone missing, putting in the research before the strike team moves in for a rescue.
. So, I suppose it is not inaccurate to say… It took me time to develop a sense of my own gender as well. I find… I like having one. I like being a man, I like that you are a man. I don’t require any labels, for myself. I am content with whatever you find comfortable, when it comes to explaining us to other people… I am content knowing I am to you, as you are to me, between ourselves.”
“Partnering. That’s all the other things that you do in a relationship with an omega-- whether it’s an intimate, romantic kind of partner, or a friend or relative. The ways that an alpha and omega complement each other and strengthen each other. It’s… more nebulous, because it depends on different individual relationships, but it’s natural. And using things to block certain hormones or pheromones from playing a role in our interactions doesn’t change that, it’s a part of you even without that-- partnering with an omega that you care about isn’t being ruled by chemistry, or losing any of your self-control, it’s just about learning what two people need to give each other. When you’re with your brother, you have ways of supporting each other. When you’ve worked with Donna, or Charlie, or Dean, they aren’t the same as Gabriel, but they’re also not just anyone, right? Donna might not need to be protected, but when you two were on the strike team together, you knew how to work as a team.”
Cas strips away Dean’s outer layers, his big hands so gentle, so careful. He’s seen Dean’s arms now, the scattering of cigarette burns and the barely-there lines of old cuts from knives and scalpels, though Dean mostly covers them no matter the heat. Cas is one of the few people who’s seen them-- at least, one of the few who’s seen them because Dean had the choice to trust him and did. He takes Dean’s jacket to hang up and he folds his flannel loosely before placing it in the laundry, and then he leaves the rest to him.
After lunch, Castiel presents Dean with a pair of gardening shears, before walking with him to the roses along the right side fence.
“Go on, then. I see the fudge stall’s set up.” She says, giving his backside a pat as he gets up to move around her on his way out of their little booth. “Pick one and get enough to share.”
Hope? Faith? Those are concepts so utterly tied to Cas that Dean doesn’t know where to look for them if he hasn’t got him. If he taught Cas about love, about happiness, well… Cas has changed him just as much. Of course it’s terrifying to face losing that. But he’s always dealt with terrifying before, why can’t he man up about it this time? Why can’t he turn his own brain off for a movie?
Cas makes his own honey mustard dressing, though, or sometimes a vinaigrette, and he sprinkles bacon bits on with a liberal hand if Dean has been working hard, or he chops up thick-sliced lunch meat to toss in instead for protein, and he looks so damn pleased with himself every time he sets a dish down in front of Dean, but especially when Dean approves of something he grew himself, and it’s not just about whether or not a salad tastes good, it’s about Cas wanting him to be fed, wanting to give him something that’s healthy and wanting to make sure it’s filling enough even though it’s a salad.
On Saturday, the first roses are starting to show up, and Cas walks Dean through the names of each variety. Dean declares the Hotel California his favorite, sight unseen, and then he introduces Cas to the Eagles. The Saturday after, ‘Hotel California’ is firmly cemented as the song he sings while tending the roses. He leaves a cassette tape with Cas, when Jody comes to pick him up.
They both nod at that, and then Dean splits off to walk with Cas, stopping when they reach his own door-- catching Cas’ hand to stop him as well.
And yet, for how different everything about their traumas was, he gets it. Cas was locked in a room where his body was no longer his own, and he was young and he was scared. Shit, he gets that.
, if I had the chance to do things right for even a minute, I would, but now you’re here and even with you unconscious I don’t know what to say. You know you’re it, right? You know that, that bond we have, it’s… You know when I say you’re family, it’s not like… It’s like, when two people
“You don’t have to protect me now, Dean. You can just… be. There’s nothing to save me from, and if there was, I’m a big boy now. And I… I can look out for you, too, now. I want to.”
“Honestly.” Cas rolls his eyes, but Gabriel knocks lightly into his side, wrapping an arm around him to keep him from unbalancing, and he can’t bring himself to complain with much vigor. Not as they step out the back door and their little slice of paradise spreads out ahead of them, summer crops in their full glory, fall’s fruits lining up for their turn… Rowena’s black and white speckled chickens scattering around the grass between the young trees and the coop hunting for bugs, bringing even more life to the place.
“I just want to know… Ten years ago, I think… we were on the road. We were in a motel, I don’t even know the name of the town, but he went missing in Nevada. Dean Winchester. His name is Dean.”
“Before, you asked if I was my own thing.” Cas lays his head on Dean’s chest, wraps an arm around him. “I have thought that over.”
“I have learned to speak fluent Winchester.” He shrugs, and takes Dean’s arm. “And I understand how he may feel… had I failed to save you, I would have a very difficult time… I would be unable to rest.”
He can’t read them in the mirror, and he doesn’t know if he could read them the right way around anyway, but it takes his breath away to see them.
“My handprint?” His lips brush Dean’s ear, his voice sends something sweet and hot coursing through his veins. “Oh, Beloved… Lie down, here in my lap. You’re… so lovely, and so good. I would grant you anything you wished of me.”
“Last week. You were funny, I just didn’t-- I had to, um, I had to look up the Grateful Dead, and now I understand your joke. From last week. I get it.”
“Dammit, you’re not supposed to agree with me, you’re supposed to… agree with me. I mean, about-- About maybe staying safe for once.”
“If Gabriel’s worked free time on Mondays into your schedule, you should come by just to check everything out. It’s a good place to meet people from the community, since you’re new in town. And the hummus guys do give generous samples.”
“I’m serious.” Dean reaches over to shove at his arm, less shaky still. “Second you saw me freaking out, you got between me and the totally-not-danger, you knew what to do about it… just because I don’t need you to fight a guy or nothing doesn’t mean you aren’t… dunno, like… the good kind of alpha. You and Jody, it’s like… I dunno.”
“Cas is the fly in Chuck’s ointment.” Sam says evenly, jaw clenching. “He’s the one thing Chuck’s never been able to predict, or control. We
anything with his brothers’ better looking friends, let alone the strangers in sports magazines and underwear ads.
“The last time I saw Cas he looked ready to pass out, I didn’t think it was likely. Also, I’ve gotten pretty good at not looking at your naked ass in all the time we’ve been hunting. War room, like, five minutes ago, come on.”
Cas’ shower has a built-in bench seat, and one of those detachable showerheads, they can sit side by side until Dean’s legs don’t feel so much like jelly,  take turns holding the showerhead or the loofah for the two of them… They shuffle to the bathroom together, clingy and weak-kneed and grinning like teenagers discovering sex for the first time.
“Sure.” Dean’s smile is warm and makes Cas feel all fuzzy around the edges, a feeling that only intensifies when Dean leans in and ducks his head to plant a kiss on Cas’ chin-- avoiding a liplock in front of his brother, perhaps, but making sure the gesture is unmistakable.
“No, I-- I want you to keep it. I’ve got other shirts, I can get-- I want you to have this one.” He traces over where he knows the faded outline of Icarus’ wing to be. “Kind of suits you.”
“There’s so much you could do-- more than just playing part-time gardener.” He snorts, trying to keep his tone light.
“I’m glad, then.” Castiel nods, looking over the… whatever-it-is, starting to take shape on her circular needles. “Adding knitwear to the product line-up?”
He follows him in to the kitchen table, where he stands by nervously, watching as Castiel makes two peanut butter and honey sandwiches, as he slices up an apple to split between the plates.
“I know. You’re very sweet like that.” Cas kisses his cheek, as best he can with the way his grin splits his face. “I don’t feel like having an orgasm, but… you can still touch me a little bit, if you want to.”
“Sure. I’ve got nothing on my calendar to interfere with a couple more movie nights.” Jody says. “Alex cooks Saturday nights, Dean and I won’t be in a rush to get back as long as it’s just one movie an afternoon.”
And the skin between them is smooth, and the flesh beneath is firm… but there’s some give, there are places where he can squeeze and feel the yield of him, where a little softness now protects the muscle beneath. His body has changed, since Cas once reconstructed him, once lovingly reknit bone and sinew and muscle and skin to house a righteous soul… how wonderful that he should be able to seek out surprises in this body he once knew to the atom. What a gift to be able to discover him anew.
“You know I’m all yours, right?” He runs a hand through Cas’ hair, and then along his jaw. “Gonna show you how you can touch me, okay? No pressure… this is just fun, for both of us. Right?”
again.” Dean laughs. “I-- Hell, I thought… I thought a lot of things, I dunno. Look at you, man. All grown up. You’re gonna tell me everything, I wanna know… I wanna know everything, okay?”
“Good. Donna talked about being the only omega who works with the strike team, and how the kind of ‘detective team’ that tracks cases of omegas who go missing, you know, that a lot of that work is omegas helping omegas. Plus the doc talked about going to med school as an omega, and balancing that with having a family. There’s a table with pamphlets and shit, you know. Places that have learn-on-the-job programs for omegas needing a new start. Stuff like that. Garth loves pamphlets. Almost as much as he loves puppets.”
“There is nothing wrong with the car.” He huffs, distracted from the moment of potential emotional honesty. “I was
He ducks his head, the tips of his ears going pink. “You overheard that, huh? No, you… I-- you’re better, okay? I just… it was hard enough thinking about being rescued at all, you know, thinking if I was even worth it, the way I was when I came out, and now you’re telling me it was you the whole time, and it… it wasn’t like it was some mistake, like you were all going in to break out a bunch of kids who had a chance-- I mean I know now I got a chance, but you know. Kids who hadn’t been broken down over so many years, and you got me out too just ‘cause I was there and maybe in all the confusion I got lucky, but… But you-- you picked me up, like I was then, and you thought
“You can be those things with me.” Cas promises him, other hand sliding through Dean’s hair. “If you would like.”
Good for Cas for finally learning how to feed himself anything other than salad or peanut butter and jelly and all, and he loves sharing the kitchen with him, but… secretly, Cas’ salads make him feel kind of warm and fuzzy, too.
BEYOND THE STEREOTYPE, it reads. OUR DESIGNATIONS, OURSELVES. And then, beneath that, smaller letters in Garth’s handwriting, EXPLORING HEALTHY SOCIAL DYNAMICS AND HAPPY FUTURES. So it’s that time again… Garth runs two workshop days a year, a couple of people speak but it’s largely a mixer, the chance for omegas in need to make connections… and the chance to talk to omegas who are in stable careers, about serious steady employment in safe work environments. For some, it’s the first time in a long time, if not the first time ever, that they let themselves
. “Dean… I want to be close to you… I want us to be comfortable if I hold you all night, I want you to be the last thing I see, and hear, and smell, every night. I… I know there are a lot of parts we’ll need to figure out. There are stories I want to be able to tell you, about my own past, and there are questions I still have about what my ‘normal’ is, and… I think those are things we can’t do all at once, it would be too much. But… for as long as we’ve known each other, we’ve learned how to trust each other with pieces of ourselves… I adore you. I want… I just want to make you happy.”
“You’re perfect.” He hugs a little tighter, and rests their foreheads together. “It’s not that at all, it’s… I never got your scent before. Except-- except for when I carried you out.”
“Jack.” Cas smiles and beckons him over, and so Dean perches on the other side of the bed so that Jack can sit with Cas while he eats, too. “Thank you, that’s very thoughtful.”
Cas glances away. “Yes. Sometimes… it’s easier, safer, to be alone. To be able to understand yourself before you have to worry about anyone else. I  don’t know if many alphas feel the same, but I’ve always… I’ve always understood the idea of… security, control.”
to ask if you needed a ride, but of course if you wouldn’t want to be seen in the ‘pimp mobile’, you’re free to wait until she can swing by to pick you up. I’m sure Garth has plenty of pamphlets you can read if the wait gets boring. Maybe you can have the puppets act them out.”
, you’re gonna take that lotion--” Dean squirts some into his upturned palm. “Now you’re gonna work yourself over, okay? Spread it around, get nice and slick. It’s not gonna feel as good if you’re not lubed up, buddy.”
“Your brother is worried.” Cas chides gently, putting his clothes back on with more grace than Dean is managing, even if the end result is as rumpled as ever. “This is how he is managing his own grief. He fears that if he slowed his momentum, he would never be able to begin again… and he hopes that if he occupies his mind with research and planning, he won’t have to think about what’s lost.”
. The whole time the needle buzzes against his shoulder, Cas is holding his hand and fussing over him, murmuring his litany of soft praises. He strokes Dean’s brow with the backs of his knuckles, to avoid staining his face with ink.
“I won’t ask for anything.” Cas promises, and the look of hope he turns back on Dean over something so small, over being allowed to… to what, to give a handjob and get nothing? It’s worse than heartbreaking. “If I can show you, just once, how worthy you are, that’s enough for me.”
“Always.” He relaxes, stroking up and down the back in question. Dean’s confidence in him is an incredible thing-- few things come close to the kind of calm he gets from that perfect trust. “I have plenty of closet space for you, probably more than you need, but… there’s room in this house for you to put things in. Walls you could help decorate. I’m yours-- that means what’s mine is yours. And… if there’s any way I can make this place a better home to you, well… say the word.”
This is the last chapter written before watching the finale, though in the editing, there is a bit that I added that's a bit in response to how things went down...
“Castiel!” One of their neighbors waves, coming over to the narrow gap between the stalls, bag in hand. “Oh-- did you bring on a new angel?”
Not even a kiss on the lips yet and he feels ways he hasn’t felt since… No, he feels how he’s never felt before. But there’s some crossover, with how it felt to be discovering sex for the first time.
“Oh, use your hands on me.” The sound he makes is low and tempting, something between another groan and a laugh, and he grinds down into Cas’ lap. “Yeah, that sounds
He leads Dean around to one side, where the shed is, familiarizes him with what he’ll need for different tasks and where he can find it all.
Cas knows a lot, more than anyone, but this… He’s working up to it. They’ve only been together a couple months, they’ve barely started talking about kink. Cas has been great about it, in the general sense, they’ve tested out a little, just playing with dominance and submission, no gear or anything, nothing super formal. He’s promised Dean could ask him for anything, and Dean thinks he really means it, it’s just…
“Sure.” Sam’s laugh is humorless, a little helpless, but he does seem to warm to the idea of eating, or maybe just the idea of sharing a meal with his brother after a long decade without that simple, necessary family bond. He keeps his arm tight around Dean’s shoulders as they all make their way over to the tables.
“I didn’t know anything about life.” He murmurs, lips against Dean’s hairline. “Or happiness. Until you.”
“Hey, you made it! Come on in, hey, everything’s off to a really great start.” Garth beams, gesturing to the poster tacked up to the signboard.
Cas lays a folded towel over his stool, like they’re in a sauna or something and not his own bathroom, but there’s something cute about that, the way Cas will have the oddest little moments of conscientiousness even when it wouldn’t matter to anyone.
“That’s… an answer.” Cas raises an eyebrow. At least now that he has a last name, he can focus his paperwork search. “I’ll be entirely honest with you, Mister Winchester, we have never kept a lawyer on for very long. It is a long, hard road to be on the right side of history, and we’re not a very big organization. The pay is modest, compared to the going rate for a good lawyer, and true altruists… some burn out, some move on to bigger arenas and louder fights, they lobby in the capitol or they look for cases that bring publicity to the issue… The work here may be more grueling than interesting.”
“We put a good amount of the profits back in.” Cas nods. “And it’s been a big source of community outreach. Dean’s helped us out with it a few times now.”
. Even if most of my family considered the boardroom to be their battlefield, it was still… It was a matter of being entitled to take, to have, to… use people. Maybe they didn’t keep a whipping boy to take their frustrations out on the way Lucifer and his friends did, but they still saw it as… Lucifer was an acceptable aberration to them, and I was not, until one of his friends wanted Gabriel and he was happy to sell him. Even then, he was never pushed out for harming Gabriel. Our father felt it reflected poorly on the family, Michael wanted Lucifer’s inheritance… They still believed it was an alpha’s place to control those around him.”
He shakes his head, awe tinging his gaze as he slowly works his hands up underneath Dean’s shirt. There are scars, from the past dozen years, ones he wasn’t there to heal away in time… and some he ought to have healed, why didn’t he? There’s a sadness at the thought of Dean in pain, at the thought of injuries he’d gritted his teeth through and patched up alone, ones which healed badly because he couldn’t let himself
“I can’t, Sam. It’s like you said, I-- I can’t right now. Because once I start, that’s all I’m gonna be. And I can’t-- I couldn’t… Not in front of Jack.”
“I was four.” Dean swallows thickly. “The first time I held him, and… and I wasn’t an omega yet, but maybe I shoulda known that’s what I’d be, ‘cause mom put him in my arms and I smelled him for the first time, that baby smell, and I just thought… he’s
… but there’s a beauty in them, they mark him as a survivor. A hero. They tell a story of his strength, and his constant willingness to put himself in front of danger, if it might save others. His family, yes, and his friends, but strangers, too. They mark him as resilient… beautifully stubborn in the face of all life had thrown at him.
“Are you fucking kidding me right now?” Dean hisses, though he’s just as gentle in cleaning Cas up. “He smacked you down like it was nothing and I couldn’t even get to you, let alone… I don’t know! Help, in any way! We started out without a weapon!”
“I can see why this is your usual.” Dean says, around his last bite, chipmunk-cheeked around it. “Hell, I don’t think I ever had a burrito this good
“And you both got out.” Sam says-- the part of the story he needs to cling to. Krissy lives in the same house Dean does, so this story, this part of the story, it has to end good for both of them.
“No, no, I mean… I’m not thrilled.” Dean admits, mirroring the shrug. “Maybe like… a dumb tiny one would be okay. Too small to mess the chickens around-- hers or yours-- or get into the vegetables. And he’d want to keep it tied up so it wouldn’t go bother the beehives. A tiny dog might not be… bad.”
But… perhaps once the colicky phase is over, he’ll warm up to them. At least, Cas thinks, having his niece and nephew come through lets Tybalt get used to having babies around. If he and Dean should happen to decide on having any of their own… he’ll be okay. He certainly likes them when he sees them sleeping peacefully, it’s just the crying he seems to disapprove of.
“You guys are gonna make me a pie? Jeez, you’d think I was spending a month in the hospital or something and not just a few days boinking my own brains out.”
“Shh…” And Cas kisses his cheeks again, kisses away fresh tears. Any other time those might have embarrassed him, but the two of them are really past that, now, aren’t they? “
“Mm. He never got to finish secondary school, I believe? He’s staying with Jody right now. I’ll have her send him over on Saturday next.”  Rowena leans forward to set her teacup down, before turning a wicked smile back to him. “Now, when you do decide you’re looking for hanky-panky, you must let me know, I have some very interesting people I could introduce you to. When you’re ready, of course.”
“Ro and I are househunting.” Gabriel offers, taking Cas’ mind off of the question of what his point had been to begin with. “Thought you should know.”
“Half an hour?” Cas frowns. He’s literally still hard and judging by the look on his face, ready for round two.
things-- not just to have their basic needs met, but to be able to think of themselves as people free to pursue the career and family situations that will fulfill them. When they were first getting started, Cas would attend-- mostly to fill out the room, or for Gabriel to point to and say ‘there’s my alpha brother, he treats me like a real human being, I cut everyone who couldn’t do that out of my life and so can you’. It’s been a while since he’s really been necessary.
“Not a pretty picture, huh?” He chuckles, turning back to the tub-- there’s a bar he could use to steady himself, but when Cas offers a hand, he accepts it.
The laugh is weak, but it’s there, it’s the most beautiful sound Dean’s ever heard. “You know there are many things which are neither human nor immortal. I… am now one of them. I believe. Not human, but no longer an angel.”
They’re high-waisted, and cut low across the thigh, pale pink satin with black ribbons, little bows. There’s a giddiness in putting them on, they can’t be mistaken for anything other than what they are. He’d kept them folded inside an old pair of boxers, totally hidden, but now he can strut around his empty room just enjoying them. He can flop out on the bed he shares with Cas, and just enjoy wearing them. Wearing nothing but them.
Castiel forgets to reply, too lost in the question of whether Dean drinks deep with such gusto because water, too, was a luxury in his old life, or if it’s simply that now that he’s free and healing, he wants to wring the full enjoyment out of even the smallest things, wants to gorge himself on each experience of a normal life. Wants to find all the pleasure to be had in dirt and sunshine, in food and water, in the exertion of working and in relaxing in the wake of a job well done… Maybe it’s both. Maybe that’s the natural response to making it through so much pain and fear, to look for joy.
.” One syllable, soft but emphatic, that’s all it takes to make his guts twist up inside him, that’s all it takes to push his heart up into his throat. “I’m here… I’m
, he thinks, ruined beyond repair by what was done to him or just born without the right instincts in place.
“I think you’ll do great.” Cas kisses him again, softly. He’ll worry, he knows-- whenever Dean goes out, he’ll worry. But it’s his choice how he handles that worry, and he’s going to support Dean just the same as he supports every other member of the team.
“Didn’t want to get your hopes up, or jinx it.” Gabriel shrugs, opening the door onto what Cas suspects was a child’s room, judging by the baby blue paint, and the little height marks on the doorframe.
. I always thought stuff had to happen, to be good. Sex or fun or… like, doing stuff. But my favorite stuff to do is just…”
“If you think your scars could change how pretty a picture you are, you are sorely mistaken.” Cas tells him, with the serious little frown that furrows a line between his eyebrows. “You look good, Dean.”
“Yeah, okay, good idea. Sam, there better be coffee. I’m not putting pants on at whatever the fuck o’clock for no coffee.”
When Sam comes to collect him, Dean is on the floor, leaning back against the chair. He hadn’t quite cried himself to sleep, but it had been a close enough thing for a length of time he couldn’t guess at. Not quite sleeping and not quite awake, when he’d slid out of his seat, one arm wrapped around himself and hand gripping his own shoulder, there where Cas’ bloody handprint remains as a final physical reminder of everything… everything.
“I didn’t even have your paperwork in front of me. I suspected, and I took that to your brother.” He shifts, guilt seeping in. Yes, he went to Dean right away, and he told him everything, but that doesn’t mean there isn’t a part of him that wishes things were just… the way they’d been before all this, and he doesn’t like that this part of him exists. He doesn’t like that he has to be conscious of not taking anything against Sam when all Sam has done is shown up, and revealed a deeply personal story to him, all Sam is guilty of is reigniting long-abandoned hope, and feeling protective of the brother he just got back.
Dean licks his lips, and then licks Cas’, in the kind of little tease that will usually make Cas deepen a kiss, and sometimes makes him press Dean down into their bed, or their couch-nest-- or once, against a tree-- so that he can really kiss him senseless.
“Oh, uh… Nice to meet you. Donna.” He nods, his other arm tight around Dean as Donna and then Jody shake his hand. “Jody.”
There’s a click at the other end of the line, and so Cas gets the email sent-- he had eventually found Sam’s resume, with his contact information, and the proof that he was qualified for whatever they might set him to, at least from a purely academic standpoint.
It’s one of the nice things, a year in-- there are still nights of relentless passion, throwing and dragging each other into bed or just against a convenient flat surface, there are still handcuffs and panties and visible hickies proudly left, but there are also these nights. Quiet, cozy… comfortable, as if their year had been a decade.
Actually, Cas has never used iceberg lettuce in a salad, and he always puts in something recently harvested from his garden even when some of the stuff is from a store or maybe from another farmers’ market stall. And it’s…
Dean hums, tucks in closer to Sam, his voice muffled for whatever he says next, whatever Sam laughs softly at.
“Yeah. Put your feet up, kick back… turn your brain off for a while and just watch something and… heal.”
“You hush up and rest.” He shakes his head, blinking away a wetness he hopes Cas won’t notice. He has to keep it together right now, he has to take care of him, he has to… he has to do something. “Let me take care of you. You hear?”
Garth nods, encouraging. There’s not a lot he can do with that until Cas gets more specific, but it’s so difficult to talk about.
, if he looked at other boys a little too long, if the stash of crumpled pages under his mattress were torn from Michael’s discarded sports magazines.
“But you’re used to going into the worst kind of places for an omega. It’s not illogical, just a little misplaced. You’re not crazy, Castiel, you’re reacting to real situations you’ve seen, situations that people close to you have been in, situations you’ve had to fight through. It’s okay that you can’t put it all away in a neat little box just because you don’t do that anymore. But, you don’t have to be afraid of unlikely scenarios for the rest of your life, either. When you get those worries, I want you to acknowledge them--
“Yeah, better than this. Here… watch-- watch what I do.” He suggests, and just like that, Cas’ laser focus snaps to his dick, and he’s leaking now, his leg’s already getting to shaking, just a little. He rubs his palm over the head, just teasing himself as it jerks. Sits up and begs for some solid attention.
“Yeah, you’re not doing that. You’re… We don’t have that kind of time, if you’re healing like a mortal person now. Rest, okay? I’ll let Jack know you’re up.” He bends down, kissing Cas’ forehead. “I’ve got to get to work, but… when this is all over, you know you can-- you can get what you want. Maybe… we both get to be happy?”
The man getting out of Jody’s truck in the driveway is not what Castiel expected, based on Rowena’s description-- he’d been picturing someone much younger, for one thing.  Smaller, for another. This Dean has a tall frame, broad across the shoulders, and he looks closer to Castiel’s own age than to someone finishing high school.  Which does beg the question of how long he spent a captive… but right now, Castiel isn’t here to ask those questions of him. He takes a deep breath, and opens his door.
He does ask which spots are tender, where the scar tissue still pulls or aches, sometimes after years, so that he won’t dig in anyplace that would hurt, but that’s it, and Dean relaxes and lets him.
“Dude, Swayze?” Sam’s laugh is weak, but that absurd detail did the trick, in moving him on from dwelling on his brother’s nightmares.
