Cas missed Dean. He was currently walking home from the store since he needed food at his "home", which was more of a storage unit at this point. The sidewalk was peaceful and the trees that lined it gave it a nice shade. He would normally be forcing Dean to carry his bags but the older boy wasn't there. It had already been 73 hours and 15 minutes since they’d been together. They were close friends, and Cas was openly gay by now, puberty clearing any debate left on that issue(there wasn’t much to begin with, Castiel had always swooned over the more
"I really need to go Gabriel. Please rap up whatever you wanted me here for so I can leave." Well that's all the invitation he needed. Gabriel then tackled Castiel and with his superior "mojo" zapped Castiel nude and covered his special bits with red and green striped ribbon with a gold bow.
that Cas could never forgive him for. He wasn't about to ruin the only good thing in his life for drunken pleasure.
"I'm in." They then say good night and head upstairs to get ready for the night. As they trek upstairs to brush their teeth, Dean can’t help but wonder if Cas would mind staying here forever. He was already here more than not. Cas has stayed over weeks in a row without going to his parents' house. And that's another thing, it's not "Cas' house" or "the Novak's". It's Cas' parents' house. Everyone refers to here as Cas' home. Hell, half the kids at school already call Cas "Winchester"!
"You close baby? I'm close too. You are so perfect Castiel, I can't change a thing about you, wouldn't... wouldn't want to!
"While your eye se- eye contact is wonderful, can that wait until mom and I leave?" Dean reluctantly tears his eyes away from the captivating blue ones before him and instead shoots a death glare at Sam. He heads back to his seat to eat in embarrassed silence.
“And now, I want you to go from my family to my partner. I want us to start our own family together. A new one. W-Would you like to do that with me Cas?”
"So what are you hungry for, Cas?" Dean asks feeling so happy and peaceful that he and Cas were finally together. He thought it funny that he swallowed his confessions before, looking back and seeing all the signs that Cas loved him back. It might have been his pressing self-hatred that clouded the more than obvious clues.
"Mornin' Cas. You look... human." Dean says in the most kind way he can manage. He doesn't want to upset the freshly fallen angel now does he.
"I hope I can too." Cas wants to always sleep in Dean's bed, to never have to leave, to never have to be far from Dean or his protection. Or Mary’s home cooking and tender presence. Plus Sam would love to have two big brothers around to hang out with and help with homework. Not that he has needed the latter for several years now.
"Deal." Both boys say as they struggle to get up and start gathering the dishes to be cleaned and put up. In-between putting the rest of the ice cream away and putting the last clean bowl in the cupboard, Sam comes home.
"I also remembered to get everything for a pie. I'll see you soon Dean. Tell Cas I said hi and that I got him something."
He opens his mouth to tell Dean to stop teasing when the older boy puts a shirt in his mouth and tsks.
"Morning Cas!" Mary sings with a wink. She thrusts a heaping plate of pancakes and bacon at him on her way to give Sam his. "How did... Ya know go?"
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
the hunter was. All stubble and masculine. Cas then decided to show Dean just how hot Cas thought he was. Unfortunately, Cas being extremity naive about human behavior and with his buzzed self not really knowing how to do this correctly, Cas just said whatever came to mind.
"Dean it's ok. Thank you. I would have lived the rest of my life letting them talk to me like that, but you would never let that happen. I appreciate that more than I can express. Let's go get my stuff and then we'll talk. We still have around three-ish hours left before anyone gets home." Dean only nods, not trusting himself to speak. And with that, they went to go get Cas' things.
Cas laughs, a loving gleam in his eyes and a happy smile on his face even though his face is slick with a few unwanted tears, "If that will make you feel better, then of course."
awkward than they were before. They weren't talking and Cas was eating fruit instead of the pancakes Dean had made that morning, and if the strange conversations between Cas and himself were anything to go by, Cas loved Dean's cooking.
Cas laid on Dean's bed with his shirt pulled up past his belly button and his pants unzipped. He was moaning and wiggling around. There was a blush that went from his lovely face to what seemed to be everywhere else. "I don't mean to kill your fun or anything Cas, but um... This isn't what I met by "go to bed." Dean, although
"You made a bet!?" Both of the two boys demand in unison. All Sam and Mary could do is nod, Sam with a look of shame and Mary with a shit-eating grin.
"Hey Cas you ok?" Sam threw him the Symphony bars he had bought during his trip and watched as Cas took a much needed bite.
After a while of back and forth, they start talking about school, from teachers they like to students they don't. Soon they decide to go give Mary some company.
"I'm very sorry for the worry I caused. I promise to text or call before bed when I don't sleep here. That said, I need to give you all some space every once in a while. I think I should give you all some time to be a family."
"I'm just asking what you two are planning on doing all day without any company. Sam and I are going shopping after we head to the library. The point is we're not going to be around and you two are. I just wanted to make sure you're not throwing any parties." The last remark accompanied by a wink.
I'm sorry it's been so long sense the last update! I have been really busy and just haven't been able to find the motivation. That being said, I am back and ready for round two! I hope you are as well! I also added a little smut to say sorry! Enjooy!! <3
"Haha, and so what he's homophobic? He can't change either of you! He can't really do anything to you!" Sam exclaims.
his nose in Dean chest as he held onto the hunter for what seemed like dear life. By the time that Dean had carried Cas to his room, Dean was hard, Cas was panting, and both were somehow still tired. By the time Dean laid his angel
He looks in the pantry and the fridge and gathers all the needed ingredients to make chocolate chip pancakes to busy his mind. Dean knows Mary is awake, she's always up before seven no matter how late she stays up.
"Well now that we know, Sam and I are going out after dinner, and you two are going to do... whatever." Mary winks as she starts typing something into her phone. "Let's see what movies we can go see. Mkay?" Cas loves Mary so very much! He removes himself from Dean's hold with
"How about the next time they hint at something, we'll just hold hands, agree, and walk up to our room." It is the perfect way to mess with the two crazy weirdos Dean is related to.
They rode out they orgasms and blinked away the white light. Cleaning up with Dean’s discarded shirt and throwing away the used condom, Cas felt satisfied in more than one way. And if anyone asked Dean, they didn’t cuddle for the next twenty minutes and talk about how much they love each other and how happy they are. Except, they totally did.
They push and grind together, leaving kisses and heavy breaths against each other's cheek and neck and forehead. Anywhere they can reach as they move together. The tension in Dean only building until it has nowhere to go but out through the groans he can't hold back. He feels where Castiel left love marks starting to prickle as their rhythm stunts. Castiel creates distance between Dean and himself so he can see his face. Dean watches Cas fight to keep his eyes open as pleasure courses through them, building. Castiel slides a hand around Dean's mad, pink member, catching Dean up to Castiel's lack of control. They become a mess of sensation as time loses meaning. Castiel cums first, length deep, nudging Dean's prostate. He never stops moving fully, but his strokes become more grinds than thrusts as he rides out the shock waves in a blissful trance. Dean only needs a few more pulses against that pleasure spot and strokes of Castiel's wrist before he pools between his stomach and Cas's firm fingers.
Dean smiles and kisses Cas' forehead. "Well, in that case, see you up there Cas. I love you." Cas nods, walking away slowly.
He jumps up and quickly straddles Cas, leaning in for a kiss. He teases his tongue across Cas' bottom lip, causing the smaller boy to gasp and open his soft, warm mouth. This, he takes to his advantage, dominating the kiss and mapping the mouth on his, Cas groans and tries not to buck his hips. He fails. Dean allows the younger boy to act on his persistent want and cravings, grinding down onto Cas. After a while of heated kisses and nips, Dean starts to let his hands roam. Right as he starts to do this, though, he got a call with the ringtone 'Hey Jude.' He reluctantly pulls away from his stunned, kiss dazed boyfriend.
Sam had a plan to end this game of "He Loves Me Not" between his brother and the fallen angel. All he needed was a tape recorder, alcohol, and a booze-thirsty Cas. The moose was going to do what ever he must in order to get Cas to admit his feelings toward Dean so he could record the conversation. Then, he was going to make Dean listen to the tape. After that, no more UST only RST! This was going to be a lot harder than it sounded. It would take a lot of convincing before Cas spoke and Dean would come up with every possible excuse why Cas didn't mean what was on that recording. But Sammy was smart, cunning, and had fabulous hair, so he could do anything! He then left the kitchen after eating a few(5) of Dean's pancakes. Time to go get the supplies ready, and set up in the library.
is a blush. Cas seems to do this easily to Dean. Everything the younger boy did was cause for his cheeks to flush.
Alrighty then. Come on." Dean gets the very reluctant Cas up off of the couch, with the movie still playing in the background. Dean leads a pouting Cas to the Impala, trying to work with the now mumbling angelic boy. Dean takes one look at him and knows he isn't motivated to unpack.
It seems to be working, though. Dean's voice gradually getting softer as he strokes Cas' hair trying to soothe him. Cas relaxes all his muscles and tries not to move around too much.
He starts out slowly and gently until Cas makes an impatient grunt into the crook of Dean's neck, so he begins to thrust in a powerful, quick rhythm, not slowing or faulting as he searches for the proper angle to hit Cas' sweet spot.
He knew he couldn't last forever, but with Cas's mouth and tongue on him like this, he can't help but wish he could last a few moments longer. It's pure bliss to feel the warm, wet pressure of the dark-haired boy as he held lazy eye contact with bright blue, hungry eyes. When the younger boy gave an especially hard suck, companied by a flick of his tongue to the underside of Dean's shaft, he can't resist but to tread his hands into the wet locks on his boyfriend head.
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
With a sigh, Dean tilts his head back and glances towards the direction of the library. He listens for any sounds of footsteps or prying ears. Nothing
"Sounds perfect, Dean." Cas is very excited. This was going to be so fun to watch! "Let's fix our hair before they get back. Sound good?"
They both smiled at each other, much closer than they were at the being of their conversation, and now Dean had no reason to tell Castiel to back away.
That was all the warning Dean got before felt Cas’ fingers leave and heard him removing his slacks and gabbing the lube and a condom out of his drawer. “Come on Cas! Tired of waiting! Please!” Dean groaned.
Cas had been living at the bunker for a couple months and Dean recently decided that it would be better for Cas to wear his old, clean cloths instead of the same trench coat and tax accountant get up. Let's just say that neither of them regretted
"It's ringing." Cas cuts through his spiraling thoughts as though he knew they weren't happy ones. Before Dean can properly reply, Cas' phone call is answered.
"Don't you dare. This means he's worried about us. He has to learn not to let his head get the better of him sometimes. Besides, he's very passionate when he's worried." She added with her signature wink.
"Goodness Dean you're going to be the death of me. But I'm hungry so I need you to cook for me, so you'd better follow me!"
Before he allows himself to get too caught up in the taste of pure DEAN, he has to pull away. This is about feelings, not the... other stuff, not yet. But before Cas can ask anything of Dean, the slightly older boy supplies all the answers to him.
"Ready when you are, Angel." Castiel's smirk makes a thrill run along Dean's spine. Cas leans up, only breaking eye contact to line himself up, he slowly slides into Dean. The dull, almost burning pressure is just right, Dean's eyes fluttering closed with the intensity. His erection sits heavy against his stomach, he gives it a couple of tugs as Cas capture his lips again until Dean is adjusted to the new stretch. He flexes his abs enough to slide Cas half out and pushes back, Cas thrusting forward on instinct to meet him. That's all the encouragement Castiel needs.
actors). Not to mention completely upside down and inside out, head-over-heels for his way out of his league-best friend. He was getting pissed at the world for letting him fall in love with his best friend just to let him see how undeniably straight he was. Until he wasn't anyways. Dean had recently come out to being bisexual, which surprised everyone, seemingly including Dean himself if the nervous declaration the boy made during a Star Wars marathon was anything to go by. Luckily, some chance is chance enough for Castiel. He seems to be spending much more time thinking about the green eyed boy than he used to. It's been at least 4 years since Cas realized he loved Dean in more than a brotherly way. The pair had met in first grade. They were in all the same classes and were almost always put into partners together, and after a while they grew to truly get along until they were practically inseparable.
"You are n-not welcome here! You weren't welcome a long ass time ago! Don't you think you can just stop by whenever you want, this isn't your house and this isn't your family!" Dean's blood boils and his heart raced painfully.
Cas got off of his bed after a burst of unwanted tears. He wished he was an angel now more than he had before. He wished he could just fly off, or maybe turn invisible so he could stay next to Dean without pushing him farther away. Maybe if he just got drunk again... No. That wouldn't work.
“Cas please! Fuck me, make me yours! Want you so much please!” Dean was pushed that much closer to the edge when Cas began to stroke Dean faster.
The hunter finished up his hair and straightened his shirt yet again(even though none of the reasons why he did were straight in the slightest) before finally going over to Cas’ room in the bunker.
"I love you. Dean. I'm so glad we're together. I didn't ever want to lose you." Dean stops struggling and lets Cas hold him and shower him with affection.
Dean found himself in his room, not yet realizing this was a dream. He knew Sam and Mom were out, so it was just him and Cas, his boyfriend.
Dean will forever deny any notion that he got a boner in that store. That said, it doesn't mean he didn't.
"You sarcastic beauty. Get over here and kiss me." Cas slips behind Dean, kisses him on the top of the head, and wraps his arms around broad shoulders. Cas buries his nose in the dip between Dean's neck and shoulder and lightly breathed it in. This was all his now.
"Ok, ok. Now I made a ton of popcorn and we have a bunch of chocolate and ice cream for movie night. You can eat whatever." The boys both put on evil grins and started to move towards the kitchen. "AFTER you eat two pieces of pizza at least EACH!" Mary calls after them, shaking her head with a fond smile on her face.
"Dea-Dean!!!! Ughnnnn! Ple-please! No-no more f-fing OH fingers!!!! Need, Dean, need your co-cock!!! Aghhhn!!" Dean paused to remove his shirt and jeans, along with his boxers. After he was fully naked, Dean lined himself up with Cas and thrust in just pass the head of his throbbing cock.
By the time he's watching the butter spread on the pan and sprinkling on the chocolate chips, Mary's making herself known. Dean heard her walk in but chose to not turn around. He'd rather let her get her fill of just being awake before engaging in conversation. Which, he doesn't mind having to do; Dean isn't so eager to talk yet either. Dean finishes mixing the batter while he lets the music drain his thoughts for a little longer. After the first two pancakes were complete and Dean's doing little less than just watching the next round, Mary comes over and hugs him from behind, a common gesture for the lovely woman to do. He leaned his head back in favor of turning around.
"Shh, Angel it's all gonna be ok. I want to have a little more fun with you first." Dean starts sucking on Cas' neck and behind his ear, soaking up all the pretty noises the younger boy is making. He then starts to make his descent, sucking a new, deep mark every now and then. Dean latches onto one of the hard nipples underneath, sucking and nibbling until Cas wiggles with sensitivity.
This was long overdue, so luckily with the help of some liquid courage, Dean didn't have as much trouble as he thought to let it out. The relief is short-lived for all the damn buildup. The real reason he felt so pressed to deal with that issue is the much bigger, much trickier one that won't leave Dean alone. Castiel.
They walk up to the house, Dean grabbing the key hidden in what he called the "mail thingy" to the side of the door. They step through the door into rooms upon empty rooms. Cas' room is on the third floor, on the far left of the stairs. He doesn't really have that many possessions left in this house. mostly clothing and a few random books he's gathered through the years, and a stack of postcards from his parents for holidays and birthdays they had missed throughout his life. Cas and Dean work together with little to no breaks, stuffing what little he has into boxes and carrying them down to the Impala. In total, he only had four.
kissing Cas senseless like he wants. He figures he may as well give Dean what he is asking for so they can get back to the fun stuff.
Cas leaned against the shower slightly sated from his activities. He quickly cleaned up and got dressed. Still not sure what to do, he called Dean. Dean picked up after one ring.
this shirt. Now Dean isn't gay, he's not even bisexual, but the way his jeans look on Cas? Dean shakes his head. So
"I'll get some stuff for spaghetti and garlic bread." And with that, Sam left for the store with a sense of peace knowing Dean was acting as himself. "Text me if you want me to pick anything up at the store for you." -Sam. He was surprised at how fast he reply was.
"There see? Not so bad huh?" Gabriel knew this was way too much work but, hey he loved his little brother and knew how much he loved that Winchester.
It had been way too long since Dean had seen Cas. Way too freaking long. It had been over 72 hours! Now, Dean just started to admit he was bisexual, but that’s a huge step in life. His overly judgmental(and dumbly homophobic father) had recently left to go be a "real father" to his "fully male son" Adam, leaving Dean safe to be himself. That was until he fell in love with his best friend of over 10 years. Well, now that he thinks about it… He’s been in love for around 2 years. Damn it! No good luck for this Winchester apparently. Back to the point, it’s been too long. Too freakin' long.
Once they closed the door they both took their usual places, Cas on the bed leaning against the swirled wood headboard and Dean straddling his rolly desk chair facing Cas, spinning in a circle every few moments.
It's not like the former angel would love him back anyways. Not when he could just step outside and capture any girl's, or guy's heart. And why
Dean couldn’t help but to smirk. This seemed to be going smooth enough. “I’ve known you for many years. You’ve helped me through more disasters than I thought could even exist. You went from a dick-bag-angel that pulled me out of hell, no offence, to my friend. Then you went from my friend to my family.” Dean looked up from his hands to make sure Cas was still on board, and was relieved to find him not just listening, but leaning in with love-filled eyes.
Mary comes back with a couple pies from Ellen at around 3:23, one peach and one blueberry. Ellen and she had apparently eaten lunch at the Road House: cafe by day, bar by night, for breakfast. Dean, of course, is grateful. The sense of community brought by Ellen and Jody joining in on the watchful waiting really provided Dean a calming feeling. He knows he isn't alone in this and he had people to help him and Cas out no matter what John did.
"I'm not mad at you or anything like that. Chuck knows I've said some really crappy things to you over the years. Fuck that guy by the way. What I'm trying to say is, you mean more to me than any of the other family I've collected over the years like Indiana Jones and his artifacts. You have more heart than I've ever seen and more faith than I ever had. You care and you show that you do in your own way. You know that I need you around, that your family, but I'm not sure I've made it clear why." Dean stairs at the open road ahead of him, he feels like the rock that just bounced off of Baby's tire. He pretends he's still just talking out loud to himself.
"Nah, not anymore." Dean stalks over to Cas and puts a hand just above his hip., slightly startling the blue-eyed boy. As soon as Cas turns around to face Dean with a surprised expression, Dean presses his lips to the irresistible ones presented to him. It's blissful and for a few moments, the two forget about the other people in the room... That is until Mary makes a noise that Dean swears can't be human.
They breathe together, chasing their pleasure into a satiated calm. Castiel pulls out and Dean clutches toward his side with his eyes droopy, reaching for the rag from last night. Thank you again lazy, horny, last night Dean. He half-heartedly cleans up what he needs to, resolving to shower in the morning. They disentangle long enough for Castiel to slip on a pair of Dean's lounge pants and Dean to adorn his robe so they can brush their teeth. When they slide back into bed, Dean smiles at Castiel, admiring the intricacy of his eyes. He doesn't think he's ever been so familiar just staring into someone else like he is with Cas. He kisses his nose, then his cheek, then a tender kiss to his lips.
"Because I was trying to pass as threatening, and to make sure you heard the old nickname. Did it work Cas?" At once, Cas has both a pair of green, concerned eyes and a pair of green, mischievous ones trained on him.
Dean made sure to watch closely. Not wanting to miss a moment of glassy blue eyes and those beautiful lips stretched far around him. It was almost too much. Cas moaned when Dean tilted his head back in pleasure with his eyes clamped shut.
lay a finger on him! I love him and nothing you say or do can change that. Why not just stay gone?! This isn't your home anymore! Mom made the right choice for all of us, including her. She deserves better." The pause before John continued feels like forever. With each stunted breath Dean feels more and more like passing out.
"If you're ready to call your parents then I'll loyally stay by your side. Hell, put them on speaker and if they step out of line they're gonna have to hear what I've got to say about it!" Cas gets a fuzzy feeling when Dean gets protective like that. He wishes he could just kiss Dean senseless when he got like this...
"That all you want?" He was trying to give his brother a chance to stop moping around drinking and do
Now that he finds himself alone again, Dean allows his mind to wander for the first time since last night.
"Dean, it's ok. He's not here. He won't hurt you." Dean looks up at Cas as anger and worry flash through his eyes.
pretty much already moved in huh?" Dean mumbles mostly to himself with a pleased smile. He loves the fact that Cas would never sleep in a bed that wasn't his own anymore. It makes a wave of pride serge up within him to know that no matter when it was, Cas would be under his covers, under his roof, and under his care. It felt glorious to bask in that feeling, but he still has to drive home.
"Dean stop that. I can tell what that look means. You're not a bad person ok? I love you." Dean smiles at his creepy mind-reading boyfriend with all the affection he holds for him.
kinda in order anyways so he could just pickup the liquor then. Sam went to track Dean down to see what else he could buy to avoid suspicion over the liquor. Sam was so smart and cleaver! Sam walked around the bunker until he finally found Dean cuddling some whiskey in the kitchen. The sight worried Sam but he decided not to pry or bother Dean about it.
"Sorry, sorry, but you get my drift. Sam, go pick out a movie, Dean start on dinner. Cas and I are going to have a long talk down memory lane. Come on!" Cas looks to Dean as if to say "wish me luck." And with that, he's dragged toward the door so they can talk.
"Love you Cas. So much. Mine, all mine. Not Meg, not Hannah, Hell, not even April can have you. Balthazar can find another guy to harass. You are all mine Castiel." Dean's thrusts begin to falter, and Cas starts jerking himself off in a sloppy rhythm, practically shaking with the effort to stay upright.
"That will do quite nicely thank you." Cas interrupted Dean's inner monologue as he watched Dean finish cooking for them both. It was very domestic for them, yet carried a much needed sense of peace.
Movie night was fun. Mary, Cas, and Dean watched How To Train Your Dragon and ate junk until they couldn't fit any more food for fear of passing out. Or combustion.
"Nah, I think he'll notice." And with that, Dean grabbed Cas and kissed him. Hard. They didn't stop until Sam came back from the bathroom. Dean will forever relish in the glare Branden was giving the new couple.
. This can NOT be happening. This couldn't be happening. Dean can't afford to scare Cas away now for not being able to keep his thoughts to himself.
, Much better! Thank you, Dean." Cas said as he lost himself in the green orbs that were Dean's eyes. He could stare into them for hours. Especially in various states of undress and intertwined with one another hotly.
"It's Dean. I should probably answer him." Mary reaches out and grabs his hand before he could fetch his phone out of his pocket.
Neither one was sure when they went from sitting next to each other with happy smiles on their faces to kissing each other with a passion that was rather lacking in grace(but made up for it in pleasure). The way their lips matched the other’s with a perfection only dreamed of by each. It was even better to experience than to imagine, and both assumed they’d never get a fill. It was just to wonderful to ever get truly tired of.
something good. What does it matter one way or the other if he can do some good with the excuse for a soul he has left. He was the first seal to the apocalypse, he practically watched Ellen and Jo, and countless others, die for his sake, and he went from a demon to Micheal's meat suit in a matter of years.
, do you even really want me to get around to actually cooking for you, or just torment me until I fuck you again?"
"Dean, it's not like John will just creep into the house in the middle of the night, and even if he does, I'm sure Mary will let you lock up tonight so you can be sure he doesn't. Would that make you feel at ease enough to sleep?" Cas already knows Dean was going to have nightmares of some sort. He is going to be calling out to Cas and cursing John again and again in his sleep. Cas doesn't quite know what to do, but whatever he can think of would just have to do.
"Let's go classic on this one, and just go out for ice cream? We always get beers, or some sort of alcohol, other times we buy extra expensive food, but today I think we need to go way calm on this one." Sam, the genius moose he was, came up with the idea. And of course, neither Cas nor Dean could argue with him, so they went out for ice cream.
Dean takes another gulp and uses the burn to spur him into moving his throat a little. In the safe, empty space of the kitchen, he mumbles to himself "I'm bisexual." He looks around to make sure no laughing or disgusted faces will magically appear from the dark spot in the corner. Still nothing. He chuckles in a strange mix of delirium and numbness.
The green eyed man shifted awkwardly in his seat. “I uh- I kinda wanted to talk about us.” Dean saw Cas’ eyes flash hope then fear, fear that he rushed to dissipate. “Not “I never want to see you again” or anything like that, in case you were worried. The opposite of that actually.” Cas nodded, looking rather confused, but very focused.
Dean finally shuffles in balancing two cups of soda, a large bowl of popcorn, and a bag of varying candies. He sits down carefully, almost squishing himself and Cas together, and hands Cas the popcorn and his cup of pop. Cas hits play and they snuggle into the couch for the show, shoulders to thighs pressing lightly together comfortably.
"I feel like Mom only lets me hang out with you so much because she wants to see you. Sometimes I want to just, ya know,
"No." Maybe he should have lied a little, but he simply didn't have it in him to make a convincing lie.
"Just wanted to check up on my little bro is all. Why don't you take off the coat and stay awhile?" At Castiel's hesitation Gabriel knew he'd have to work a bit harder to make his job easier
"I'll have the medium French Silk Pie Blizzard, my brother here will have a large Oreo Blizzard, and my friend will have a vanilla cone, no dip please." The worker was in-between Sam and Dean's height, with longish black hair and crisp blue eyes. His name tag said
to go celebrate a case without unnecessary complications. Cas was temporarily human, so he had tagged along on the hunt. Dean had been training him for a month or so, and they had gotten reacquainted during this time. Dean had been harboring some rather... unwanted thoughts
And with that, the new couple walked down the bunker hallways hand in hand. Cas watched Dean cook for the three of them, and this time when Dean put Cas' plate in front of him, he didn't refuse himself a kiss to the dark hair just above the shorter man's forehead. He could get used to this.
"So you get to choose what movie we watch while I make popcorn and snacks, so whadda you choose?" Dean knows Cas will go one of two ways, he may either choose a movie he knew Dean doesn't like and force him to watch it, or he might choose one they both liked and simply enjoy it. He presses his fingers crossed for the latter.
"A man can eat ice cream how ever he damn pleases Sammy! You're fine Cas. Just maybe, tone down the noises a tad."
"I really hope you can move in Cas. It would be nice to have you here all the time." Dean was almost scared Cas wouldn't be able to live with him, but he had a point about his parents not caring much for him.
"Well last night I got a bit drunk out of frustration, and may have tried to flirt with you brother. Sorry."
"I wouldn't be so bossy if you didn't like it. I know how you work Winchester." Cas comes up behind Dean, pressing his chest into Dean's back and putting his hands on Dean's waist as he leans in to whisper into his ear. "What wouldn't you do if I told you? I bet you'd let me jack off to your pretty face, showering you in my cum."
Castiel is affectionate with his hands as much as with his words. He mutters his praise of every detail of Dean he kisses or holds, both of them half starved and half reverent. Dean removes the hand that was memorizing the soft hairs on Castiel's thigh to reach under his pillow for the lube. He has a small piece of mind to thank past Dean for the lazy clean up last night as he pops open the cap. Cas looks up with an excited quirk to his eyebrow.
Dean Winchester is also neither gay nor bisexual. That said, he wasn't in love with his fallen angel friend. He simply thought he looked outstanding in his old clothes. The way it showed his shoulders and collarbone from time-to-time was purely addicting.
"I was so worried Cas. Shouldn't do that anymore Angel. I forgive you. I'll show you later just how much I love you. Promise." Dean gives the dark-haired boy one last tight squeeze before backing away, leaving a slightly dizzy and breathless Cas behind him. "I need to go check on the bubble pizza." Dean practically mumbles under his breath as he slouches back to the kitchen. He already has plans for when Sam and Mary left. Just thinking about them lifted his shoulders and caused him to forget all about his unnecessary worry.
Dean might even hit on this guy before he had met Cas, and if Sam wasn't here. Then Dean noticed that the guy wouldn't stop
"Why didn't you notice?"  Cas finds it extremely funny that Dean never caught onto the fact he wasn't wearing anything. He also feels grateful, and no one could blame him for enjoying the sight.
"It's mom, gotta take it." Dean grabs his phone and answers barley before the ringer can finish. "Hello?"
They both take a moment to catch their breath before actually showering. Once they're dry and dressed, they decide to cuddle on the couch and watch Doctor Sexy M.D. "Thank you for that Cas, I love you and all the sinful things you can do."
"Well I haven't called in a few weeks, but that's not why I called you. Since I practically live with the Winchesters anyways, I was thinking I could officially move in. Get out of your hair. Pretty much forever." Cas is determined to ignore the knot rising in his throat. He really wishes Dean would hold him through this, literally. He apparently opens his arms in invitation because one second he wants Dean's physical presence and protection, and the next there are strong, guarding arms wrapped around his waist and a chest to rest his head on.
!!! Luckily I'm dragging Sam out so you and Dean can have a quiet evening together to enjoy the new level to your epic relationship! Oooh, I'm so happy for you. You guys were meant to be! When Dean had just met you, first grade, his father yelled at him for raving about you. I remembered he said, 'He's the cutest boy in my entire class! I've never seen anyone with prettier eyes in my whole life! Isn't that awesome!' It was so cute! That was when I knew I had to meet you! Anyways, after John... "Mary said his name with all the pain someone as kind and forgiving as her could muster. "After John had his argument with Dean over his new friend, I told Dean that angels were watching over him. He asked me 'Is mine Cas? I just
"Shhh. Come on baby boy. You know I got you. Gonna make this soooo good for my precious little angel." Dean reached his hand down Cas' boxers, (
At least one of those two didn't rely on alcohol for everything. Unfortunately, Sam needed Cas to drink for this plan to work. Then again, Dean would use that to discredit Cas, so maybe this would work better anyways. He got in one of the extra cars from the Men Of Letter's garage, and went on his way.  By the time Sam got back, it was around 7:00 and since it was winter, that meant dark. After he gave the cooking stuff to Dean, he set out to put his plan in action.
Mm- shouldn't do this, Sammy's gonna come back." Cas couldn't tell if this was a sex dream or a nightmare. Dean could be so confusing sometimes. "
After Cas was done milking Dean of all he was worth and Dean cleaning them both up, they laid there cuddling and fighting off sleep.
"That was the plan, yes." Dean sits closer to his boyfriend than he necessarily had too, and relishes in the fact that the dark haired boy moves closer instead of pushing him away.
They finish brushing their teeth and go to put on sleeping clothes. Dean easily strips down to just boxers, whereas Cas prefers to sleep in one of Dean's old and baggy shirts as well as boxers. He would never tell the other boy, but it was so he could be completely enveloped in Dean and his scent. It brought Cas extreme comfort.
After a heavy and long make-out session, Dean remembers why he and Cas had left earlier. The movie is merely background noise at this point as the older, sandy-haired boy pulls away, much to Castiel's protest, to remind Cas of his move. Dean knows that if he doesn't stop them now then he won't stop them at all.
“C-CAas!” Dean whimpered impatiently, thrusting his hips into the angel once he figured out words were beyond him in this state. He wanted so badly, had for so long. It was becoming almost unbearable to see Cas so close to his groin but still teasing and kissing at his thighs.
Dean tries to smile in relief. "Thank you, Mom. Sounds perfect." Mary gives him a nod and a kiss on the cheek before saying goodbye and heading out with her phone in hand.
"What are you thinking so hard about Dean? I don't want you to hurt yourself," Cas said with a smirk. He could tell that Dean was really pondering something because he had been standing there with his toothbrush in his mouth, just sitting in his mouth not moving at all.
"I remember a year ago when Dean's father told him that if he didn't stop seeing you and sleeping in the same bed as you, he'd kill you. Dean got so pissed that he stormed off and we didn't see him for three days! He found out later he ran off to Charlie's. That was the few weeks when Dean ignored you and started sleeping around with girls. It wasn't anything you did. He never told you but it was because he was scared for your life, Castiel." Mary recalls with a distant worry in her eyes. "Don't hurt him, which I know you won't. You see why I know he's so devoted to you." They walk in silence for a moment before Cas decides to speak.
Dean wasn't going to think about last night. He wasn't going to think about how Cas was behaving or why, he wasn't going to think about how Cas' actions affected him, and he certainly wasn't going to think about how he admitted to himself that he was in love with Cas. Nope. Not bi, not attracted to blue eyes and stubble mixed with a deep voice, and not in love with Cas. And not going to think about last night.
"Cas? Buddy? I know you're looking up some stuff on Nephilims with Sam but I have something important to tell you. Keep a straight face or get somewhere private. Don't come sniffing me down either, left my phone at the bunker on my way out the door." Dean bites his bottom lip in frustration. He sounds like he's angry and he's trying not to freak Castiel out here. As much as possible.
! I've known since after a couple of months you two would fall in love! And then when Dean fell asleep on the couch a year or so ago and I heard him talking about "Love you so much Castiel." and "Always yours beautiful." Gosh, I almost lost it! And...
his brother was annoying! Let a man worry about his friend! What if Cas tried to leave the bunker without him? What if...
"He probably would too! Here we are! Hey, I'm going to warn you, loud noise ahead." Mary chuckled with her signature wink before slamming open the door. "
"Well, "morning look" is certainly a different... appearance from my usual one I suppose." Cas said with a slight smirk as he sat down. He almost didn't want to end Dean's staring at him, but he knew it meant nothing.  The former angel had been pinning over Dean for years, and had grown used to the feel of sadness that came with his one-sided love for the hunter, that somehow increased with his new human status.
"Course Cas, love you too." He looks to the slightly shorter boy and smiles, though he can tell it looks forced.
"Come on Cas! Not funny!" The two chase each other, using the towels they were using for dishes as makeshift weapons.
"I love you Castiel. Not the mushy, chick flick kind of way, but my kind of love. I want to watch dumb movies together and teach you the names of all the band members when I show you music. I want to make you smile and I want to wake up next to you. Damnit Cas." He turns the Impala down a stretch of road that's so abandoned that grass has started to take it back over.
"So beautiful Cas. Love the way you look when you're all needy and moaning for me and my cock." With that Dean trust in, moaning when he bottomed out. Cas was in complete wanton below him, so he took it as the green light and began to fuck Cas. He slammed in and out of the warm, pink hole as he bent down to lick Cas' neck and back. He sucked where ever he could reach, planting hickeys all over Cas' upperback. Cas looked up at Dean with those lidded deep blues, and that almost did it for Dean.
"Oh don't worry Angel, nothing you won't enjoy. Close your eyes." Cas does as he's told. Anticipation starts to swirl in his gut, tingling its way through his body. He hears Dean moving around the room, but can't figure out what he's doing. He doesn't dare open his eyes. After what seems like forever, Cas finally feels a dip in the mattress signaling Dean's return.
"Yes, we are. You wanna go in, or take another lap?" Mary doesn't want to see this end. She's getting to see what Cas really thought about her boy, getting to tell him what her boy thought of him. All was right with the world, and that was a relief, plus she treasures any bonding she gets with
“P-Please Cas! Want. I waNT!!!” Cas cut Dean off by sucking him down without warning. Wrapping up the hard member in the wet heat of his mouth. Stubble tickling close to his balls every time Cas went down far enough.
"Hey Dean, is there anything you need me to pick up for you at the store?" If Sam wasn't such a good brother he would laugh at how pathetic Dean was being.
when he thought that the Branden guy was the worst thing he'd have to deal with in this God forsaken Dairy Queen. That stands. Well, until Cas starts eating his ice cream. He starts going at it like it's the most amazing thing to ever touch his lips. Cas licks at it and
"Dean," Cas said in what he thought was a seductive voice, which was really just the same voice but more slurred. "May I borrow your jacket? I'm just so cold, and it does smell wonderful. Smells like leather and coconut shampoo. Smells kinda like you. And I do
He doesn't want to look him in the eye. "Cas, no hard feelings, right? We can just. Breeze on past th- Oof!" Cas wraps him up in one of those clinging hugs they've shared before. The shorter man tucks his head into Dean's shoulder and clutches at his flannel. He smells like sunlight."You do make me happy, Dean. Expect for when you choose to be completely obnoxious. I gave up my old life for you, most of my old family. You've always been worth it Dean. I believe that I have loved you for a rather long time." Dean pretends he doesn't feel his eyes start to itch. He lets go and clears his throat. He can't think of anything to say. Before he can even try to, Castiel pulls back and slides his hands around Dean's face.
Dean does not condone drinking and driving, but tipsy and driving is a necessary skill as far as he's concerned. How the Winchesters describe "tipsy" isn't something he needs to address right now. The only thing he has on his mind is the lie he's picked up to tell Sam about why Cas disappeared on them again. Trouble in heaven or something like that. Looking for information on God. Anything that flows.
and wasn't being too successful. Mary and Cas have been gone for over 20 minutes without so much as a text. He is fully aware he shouldn't worry, but what could he do? He was finishing putting the cheese and pepperoni on top of the dish when he figures he needs to do something. He pulled his phone and scrolled for the contact he was looking for.
“Now I could never say no to that beloved.” Next thing Dean knew, There was no pressure on his dick and he was being moved to his hands and knees. He knew the moment Cas say his slick hole.
"Great! First I'm gonna remove this gag so I can hear your pretty little sounds." Castiel nodded and Dean got right to it after that. He removed the gag but left the rest of Castiel tied up in doggy-ish style with his ass in the air.
Dean cuts up the dish into 8th, serving every person one to start with. After they've said the blessing, they dig in.
"I'm fine Dean. I just wanted to see how you and Sam were doing on your drive." Cas heard Sam in the background laughing about "Worried boyfriends" and "Can't stand to be alone for more than a few hours". Cas also heard what sounded like a slap and Sam laughing harder.
"Dean, it's ok. It's going to be ok. MARY!" Cas runs his hand through Dean's hair, trying to shush his sporadic breathing. "I'm right here, Dean. I'm safe. You don't have to worry Dean, it's all ok. Listen, Mary is almost down the stairs, she'll deal with John. It will all be ok." Dean clutches onto Cas' thighs trying not to cry into his stomach. mumbling about "gotta keep you safe please don't leave me" over and over.
"Do you have any more stories I'll never get to hear elsewhere?" Mary smiles at the question. She's more than happy to share her knowledge of their relationship. It was something she had dreamed of doing and had no reason to stall herself now.
"Hey baby, I need you to tall me something," Cas nodded ferociously, to breathless and moany to speak. "What do you want hmm? Ya gotta tell me what you want baby." Dean could get used to this.
"Hello, Winchester's house. You may now speak." Dean looks over his shoulder making a silly face at Castiel, who laughed at Dean being ridiculous on the phone.
"We're going to watch... Hmm how about Tangled?" Dean was sure it isn't really a question, and he isn't gonna push it. He secretly loves Disney movies, and he's made sure that few people ever knew that, but of course Cas knows. And boy does he love to hold it over Dean's head in a way that seemed to say "just accept it Dean."
"Fair point." Dean turns around and focuses on cooking again. Not that there's much focus needed to cook mac and cheese. After a long few moments, Dean has two plates and forks filled in front of both of them. They ate in mostly comfortable silence, neither wanting to spoil the moment.
Okay, he can reason that wanting to settle down is more of a sign of maturity than desperation, but some of his other major character flaws rattle his head just to think about. A beer would help this therapy session for one cruise along, a couple fingers of whiskey would help a hell of a lot better.
drawer in Dean's room, the chocolates get dumped randomly on the bed, and the candles and lighter kit tossed under his pillow.
"Anytime Cas." Dean is completely aware that they're staring deeply at eachother again, but he can't bring himself to give a damn. Especially, when they start to gravitate closer and closer until even the slightest push and they'd be kissing.
"Cas calm down buddy. They treat you like crap, which is why we want you here. Just drink your water, get in bed and I'll sing to you until you fall asleep. I know you like my voice, so maybe it would help you relax. Mkay?" Cas doesn't think it was fair that he had to try not to fall asleep with Dean singing to him. Is that even possible?
When he got to his room his cock made a very sudden move to what he saw. He walks into his room to see Cas all tied up and naked, ass in the air
Please tell me what you think, I've been having a bit of a rough time mentally lately, which is why I haven't been writing. I would love your honest opinion on how this chapeter was. Thank you all for reading.
“Heya Cas. Mind if we talk for a moment?” Dean cringed at the confused and slightly worried look on Cas’ face. He realized too late that what he had said sounded similar to one of the times he had kicked his friend out of the bunker.
In a slightly stunned faze, Cas grabs the two waters and dashes upstairs to Dean. Mary's idea was a strange request, but it seemed to make sense. Cas knows how Dean gets when he's asleep. Many times he has woken up to find Dean talking, tossing and turning. If something had happened earlier that day, while dreaming Dean would voice how he truly felt. That's just how the older boy worked. Cas knew Dean was too worried about everyone to tell anyone if something was really bothering him, but while he was in dreamland, the truth came out. When Cas finally got back he was almost hoping Dean would already be asleep. Unfortunately, the sandy-haired boy was too determined to say goodnight to Cas. Or to get his water. Cas was a much heavier sleeper than Dean, so it was incredibly rare Dean ever fell asleep first.
Dean bent down and started licking around Cas' rim to make sure he was nice and open for him. Cas began to thrust back into him and moan with ever slid of Dean's tongue.
"Dean, I think I know what area of being human I'd like to explore." Great. Please be normal human shit, please be normal human shit
It was Christmas Eve nearing midnight and Gabriel was getting excited. Not to say he hasn't been excited all day but still, gotta be shaky right before showtime right? He ran his hand through his longish, brown hair and paced the room waiting for Castiel to get there. He was going to have to be quick in wrapping him up before Dean got back from the store. Gabe made sure that Sam had something to do for a while by putting him in a fake world where everything was how it'd always been, monsters and all. As Gabe was getting restless he heard the fimilar rustle of feathers. He whipped around to see his dorky brother, messy dark hair and all, standing there in his
"So let it out and let it in. Hey Jude, begin You're waiting for someone to perform with. And don't you know that it's just you? Hey Jude, you'll do The movement you need is on your shoulder. Nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah nah yeah" Dean stops singing when he's sure Cas is asleep. Dean turns off the light, never letting go of Cas. "Love you." He mumbles under his breath as he snuggles in closer to the dark-haired boy, and drifts asleep in the comfortable silence.
Cas couldn't even look at Dean. Not after the dream he had, anyways. After falling asleep to the sweet smell of Dean Winchester, he had a very...human experience. In dream land, Cas was talking to Dean when all of a sudden, the green-eyed hunter was sliding onto his lap, not that he minded...
"Me." He winks as he pours the lube onto his newly freed other hand. Castiel busies himself leaving bruises along Dean's chest in the most distracting way possible. Dean pushes the first finger in just as Castiel decides to pay attention to Dean's nipples, one with his tongue, the other with his thumb. This way, they work together to loosen Dean in a cloud of anticipation and the buzz under his skin for more. Once he feels either stretched out or impatient enough to call it quits, he takes his dry hand and puts it on the side of Cas's face, now by his stomach to capture his attention.
Dean can only wake up with the lingering memories of stubble and a firm hand on his shoulder so many times before it weighs on him. He can hardly keep track of Cas' abilities as the years wax and wane them, but either way, Dean is thankful Cas doesn't talk to him in his dreams anymore. That would be too hard to explain. Dean rubs his temple as the headache that was promised to him starts to deliver. He takes another drink he pretends will help.
Dean turns to Cas and sees him, luckily, still asleep. Dean wishes he could say his boyfriend looks peaceful but that was the least accurate description. His eyes look a bit puffy from lack of sleep and he was still tossing and turning as though he had been all night.
Dean knows he's a coward. He's a pale faced scaredy-cat who can't manage to do more than sulk in his own head until he gets tired of weighing the options and buries everything back down again. He's getting too tired for this, he refuses to use the "O-word" to describe himself yet. Jack's lucky he had an excuse for that one case with the zombie boyfriend. He's getting off-topic. Case in point; a coward.
Dean woke up in the middle of the night more times than he would like to admit, and every time he awoke, it was to nightmares of an aggressive father and an injured Castiel.
"I belive to be in love with you Dean, and though I have tried to suduce you it doesn't seem to get my message across. I decided I should just ask you pointblank. If you don't wish to speak to me any longer than I can easily go find a new place to live. I'll-"
"Just one more. Fifth grade, Dean came home from school and the first thing he said to me was, "I don't like Cas' parents." Now, this alarmed me. I decided to ask him about it. He said, 'I can't tell you too much because I promised Cas I wouldn't, but they don't like him. I don't like anyone who doesn't like Cas! He's just so perfect, he's an angel.' Cas, I miss that. Dean just telling me how he felt about you, and school, and even John. He was so honest, but now he's only like that while he is asleep." Mary lets out with a heavy sigh. She really does miss Dean talking to her like that, but hopefully, he'd open up to Cas now. Mary can't think of a better emotional substitute than Cas. She has been aware for some time now that Dean suppresses his feelings after John's verbal abuse, and the only time he released them was when he was asleep. She regrets not being around more to comfort her son and stop her husband, but she had a life back then too and didn't notice until too late. She kicks herself mentally whenever she thinks about it.
"Shush, Dean. We can deal." Mary says as she snatches it up with oven mitts already on, bringing it to the table with Cas behind her holding the plates and forks. Even Sam shuffles behind them to the table. At least all three were already thanking him for cooking.
Dean looks at everyone, at Mary and Cas, at Sam who just finished another 300-page book. He smiles to himself. The feeling growing in his chest as he smiles brighter while a chuckle tries to loosen the glowing fondness around his heart. Before he knows it, he's laughing harder than he has all week. Everyone looks up at him with confused faces. After a few minutes, he regains his composure.
"WE'RE HOOOOOOME! Sam, put away the extra candy, please. CAS, DEAN, come here please!" The two give each other confused glances and hurry to the door. "I would like to say that if you had intercourse in this house, I know nothing about it, and I don't need to, as long as you were safe. That said, I hope you two had
"It's your dad, he called, threatened Cas. Dean seems a little scared, but it should pass. And don't give him a hard time for this. I know you won't, you're a very smart and sweet boy, but I have to tell you not to. And don't push him either. He's going to try to bite back his feelings and pretend everything is fine, so be supportive but don't try to force him to talk." Sam nods, looked back at Cas and Dean, then heads into the living room. He puts his hand on Dean's shoulder. He thinks back to the first time Dean came in with a bruise on his stomach and cheek from their dad. Nothing Sam said or did would get Dean to talk. His big brother just came in and let Sam wrap his arms around him. Sam does the same now, hoping he can support Dean.
"No. You don't want to talk. You wanted to get away. What happened Dean?" That's the right face for wanting space from Mary.
"I'm going to unwrap your pretty little dick Cas, then I'm gonna fuck you until you can't breath right." Castiel moaned and gasped at that as Dean removed the ribbon and bow from Cas' leaking dick. Dean gave him a few strokes then started to focus on Cas' hole.
“Yes beloved?” The new nickname did nothing to help Dean’s brain work faster, nor did the smirk Cas gave him before moving just a little closer to the very flush and needy spot Dean craved his attention to go.
Hey Angel, getting ready for me?" Cas jumps at the sudden voice behind him, slightly startled having not realized the older boy had walked in and removed most of his clothing already.
"Nothing much, just some... um. Chocolate." Dean has to physically refrain himself from licking at Cas' neck right then.
"You know, while you were gone I did things to myself. Naughty things, Dean. Very bad things. It felt sooo good though. I thought of you too. Hmmmmmgn. We could recreate some fantasies if you would get a little closer with a
"Now now Castiel, good boys shut up and follow their orders. You know this!" OK! So what he was enjoying himself a little too much? He was just glad he wouldn't have to hear Sam
"Want me to slid your big cock into my slutty hole Cas? Would that be good, baby?" Cas moaned out his agreements and Dean took out his plug and took Cas' cock the rest of the way out of his boxers. Then, the larger man slipped onto the member presented to him with a shudder.
When his phone vibrated he was excited for a moment thinking it was Dean telling him that he was forgiven and they were going to spend the rest of the day watching movies together. He was wishing of course. It was only Sam offering to buy something for him. Alcohol. He said as much but changed his response once he was reminded of what that would do. He was still hungry, and he had heard Dean tell Sam to get some chocolate when the long-haired brother was upset. So, he decided to ask for chocolate instead. Now would be the time when Dean would make a reference to a show or movie Cas hadn't seen just so they could watch it. Adorable.
Dean was really going to do it this time. He had been trying to gain the courage for months(if by months you mean years) but today he was really going to do it.
"Open your legs for me, Cas. I can't play with you if you don't open up for me. Very good!" Dean runs his hand lightly over Cas's length, still covered in his jeans and boxers, but through the layers, he can still feel it all. Dean starts light and slow, then begins to go faster. Cas wiggles and twitches trying to gain more pressure, more friction, more
"Come on, Angel. I want you to focus on feeling. Sight would only distract you. I want you to feel every little movement on your skin, every little touch I give you," Cas trusted Dean, so he moved his head back in place. "So good for me Cas." Dean then maneuvered around Castiel until they both were completely without clothes. The boy moaned through the shirt in his mouth when Dean went extra slowly while removing his boxers just to tease him more. Dean took a moment to look at this beautiful being laid out before him. Cas was hard from the teasing and Dean's mouth watered at the sight, but he wanted to continue. He bent down over his boyfriend and kissed his tight lip above the shirt, making Castiel buck a little to get a move on things; he was too hard and needed for all of this teasing.
Dean slipped his finger in next to his tongue and after he had Cas loose and begging he added another, then another, until he had three fingers fucking into and out of Cas.
The way he talked to people, the things he and Crowley did as a team. It still makes him sick. The only positive, if you can call it that, is that Dean had to address how he really felt about men. Don't get him wrong, he didn't much care for acknowledging the whole demon thing at all for at least a year, then Mom popped back up. Basically he had to wait a few years for the totem pole of unearthed desires to get to it, but now it's all he's got left. He could continue to ignore it but the itch under his skin isn't going anywhere fast.
"That feel good baby? Look so good all tied up and filled up. Fucked up and begging." Dean pumped his fingers harder with every praise he gave the angel.
After licking and nipping at Cas' bottom lip, he got the message and opened his pretty little mouth. Now that Dean didn't have to hold back, he bit and sucked his way from Cas' stubbled jaw, to the point were neck met shoulder. Cas moaned when Dean gave him an extra hard nibble. This was fun. Before they got too far on the first impact, Dean broke away with (not so) little protest from his angel.
Speaking of, he never mentioned to anyone what really happened during his demon days, and he prefers to keep it that way. The things he allowed himself to want, no to
"Maybe we shouldn't do this, Sammy's gonna come back." Instead of replying, Cas just took all of Dean in one go and sucked as hard as he dared. He made a smirk around Dean's cock at the reaction he got. "
"You cooked, I'll clean. Now go! Please." Dean reluctantly turns away to clean up and make the bed before actually getting dressed. By the time he bounds back downstairs, Cas is done with the dishes and moving towards the TV.
don't leave." Wow. That was sweet, making Cas feel all sorts of things trying to figure out what exactly Dean was dreaming about.
He thought back to when he was younger, the first time Cas spent the night. They had known each other for over half of a school year and were best friends by then, wanting more time to be together, Dean had asked if Castiel could come over. Mary, or course, had agreed. John was a bit cold to the idea, but didn't care as long as they didn't call it a slumber party or do anything "girlie". Dean thought of how excited he had been for Cas to stay for more than a few hours. It was first grade, Dean's first real best friend, and Dean's first sleepover. He was on cloud nine. His father gave him a talk beforehand about how he would hear no giggling or crying as those were for girls. They also weren't allowed to eat chocolate or ice cream on a sleepover, or they would have to braid each other's hair and put on makeup. Dean remembers how annoyed John sounded just talking about it.
Half way through his brooding, Sam walked in with a look of concern. Dean was ready for him to laugh and say something rude and moose-like, and was pleasantly surprised when it didn't come. Not that that did anything to improve his mood. What he really needed was for Cas to love him. Ya right. Then his brother asked him if he wanted anything. Booze. He had basically just cooked everything in the kitchen so maybe something so he could cook some more. That sounds good. After his brother left he went right back to drinking and
"Ya sure. I'll go with you. I'll go pack up after breakfast." Dean replied as he sat down to eat his own eggs and bacon. He sneaked a look (that he would never admit wasn't too subtle) at Cas, and to his surprise, there was a flash of sadness across his friend's face at the news of his leaving.
He just has to wait for Sam and Mary to leave again. He runs back downstairs before anyone can be suspicious.
"I'm so glad to know Dean really liked me. And I never quite understood why he called me angel until now." Mary nods as they round a corner.
"Oh Dean, I would never blame you for what John does, just like you don't blame me for my parents being so absent. I love
that." Well, at least he knows he's in the dream, apparently upsetting Dean. Great. This wasn't working. Dean wasn't voicing what he was supposed to, and Cas has yet to learn anything. He felt bad about spying on Dean like this, maybe he should just give up and finally get some rest.
"As long as my parents continue to not give a shit about me then we're already there. Here's your water." Cas already knew he was moving in because if his parents told him he couldn't, he was taking his stuff and moving anyways. "I hate it there, no one is ever around but me, I get the money for food through the mail, and they let me pay the bills online. I feel like a house-sitter. I've never gone on one trip with them, but they're always traveling. It's like they forget I exist. I'm their son for crying out loud! Did they ever love me!? I don't remember the last time either of my parents told me they loved me!"
"Well it's not a date mom, but it still sounds wonderful. I'm just going to take Cas up to my room for a little while if you don't mind." Dean moved to give Mary a kiss on the brow on his way toward the stairs, pulling Cas with him. Cas too gave Mary a quick kiss as he was dragged away.
"You 'didn' havta yell." Sam grumbled, whipping the sleep out of his eyes. Dean hopes he isn't napping so much due to yet another incoming growth spurt. He was almost as tall as Dean already.
"Oops. Well, I'm still going to suck your cock now. Fair warning, I'm good at it." Dream Cas then got back to work with a sultry wink. Bobbing his head, and swirling his tongue around the weight, paying extra attention to the nerves under the head and at the slit.
The angel was very pleased with this idea and had been feeling the same way for his righteous man as he felt for the angel. “Yes Dean. I do believe I would like to be your partner “in crime” as they say.”
I'll give you what you need." Dean coasts his way lower. He licks and nips at Cas' hips and inner thighs, basking in the noises and pleads his boyfriend's giving out. Dean sits up then, met with much protest, and teases his finger inside of Cas, checking to make sure he's as open as he said he is.
After what seems like an eternity, everyone is done eating and the dishes are clean and put away. Sam and Mary leave with the promise to get stuff for Dean to make bubble pizza and pie for dinner soon. That left Cas, Dean, and all that they left unspoken, but hopefully can now say as far as Cas is concerned. Neither, of course, have the courage to do that just yet.
"So, what have you eaten today?" This is a strange questions. Cas didn't find this when he searched for conversation starting questions for when he talked with Dean. Well Cas was determined to answer anyways. He had thought it over, and decided that if he was completely honest with Sam then he would help get this thing with Dean sorted out.
don't leave." Dean really did want to see Cas. They hadn't seen each other in a long time, and he wanted to see Cas as much as he could now.
"Dean no! That's not a good idea. Just lock up ok? Barricade the damn door if it makes you sleep better! Just come to bed when you're ready. I won't be able to rest until you do." Cas runs his hand down Dean's arm to squeeze his hand in a comforting gesture.
It was a simple case really; just a quick slice of heads at a vamp's nest. Them having the lives they had though, they
Mary wasn't joking about the cuddling either. Nearly every morning Cas would wake up to the feeling of strong arms and legs twisted up with his own. Once, Cas woke up in the middle of the night because Dean was tossing and turning so much, but when Cas tried to go get him some water before waking him up, Dean immediately grabbed at Cas mumbling about "have to keep Cas safe" in his sleep. So instead of going to get water, Cas had stayed there and talked to Dean until he fell calmly asleep again, stroking the older boy's light gold-brown hair. It's no wonder Cas fell in love with him.
"Night Cas" Again, Sam's laughing could be heard. Cas almost said "I love you", but instead he hung up.
Dean finishes cooking and stares at the pile of fresh pancakes as he continues to think himself into a funk. Before he can really start to feel numb and empty, Cas walks downstairs, looking rather tired and messy.
Dean didn’t feel nearly as confident as he forced himself to sound. He thought it much more probable for the angel to be disgusted and never talk to him again than for Castiel to just jump into bed with him. Just in case Cas took it really well, he had… prepped himself for the angel. He knew he still had to try.
"YesyesYES! All yours. Don't want anyone else, just you. Always you! MMMmmGOD!" They both just needed one last extra nudge and they would be done.
"Mm, come here Dean or I'll finish without you getting started." Dean snaps at that. He bolts to remove Cas' fingers as gently as he can muster, lining himself up before they were even out of his way. Both boys moan as Dean slides all the way inside, thrusting in little, teasing, jerks. "Dean if you don't start moving, I'm going to get up, shove you down, and ride you. Or I'll decide to leave and finish myself off elsewhere." Although the first thing sounded hot as fuck, Dean wasn't going to risk it. His thrusts turn just shy of slamming into the slightly smaller boy. Luckily, there were no objections from either party, just sounds of pleasure and want.
to interact. Plus, it will be good for him to learn not to be too over protected. Both of us can hold our own and it was only a walk around the neighborhood." Cas couldn't argue with that, so he doesn't.
to react to that?!?!? Instead of thinking about this any more than he has to, and certainty not wanting to suffer the consequences of this line of thinking, Dean gets up to turn off the light. As he gets into bed, he realizes that he had never gotten bored of just sleeping next to Cas. That's when it hits him that he can really spend the rest of his life just... with Cas. Just sleeping innocently in a bed next to him. Sharing simple, domestic love like his parents once had. It dawns on him that no matter how hard he ignores and stifles his feelings for his best friend, he can’t help how fully and deeply he’s attached already. Not like there was anything he could do to stop his feelings anyways besides pretend they don't exist.
"What do you want me to do? Want me to suck you off, sloppy and fast? Or maybe you wanna watch me open myself up for you." At that thought, all Dean can do is moan. "I'm going to open my hole until it's just dripping for you, but I'll do it slowly. So slow it tortures you more than me."
"You just gonna stare?" He decides to tell, or rather show, his mom and brother about Cas and himself at her teasing.
"Dean, Cas? Mom, what's wrong?!" Sam comes over to try to find any clues as to what had happened but finds none. He looks to Mary for answers, but she just points at the door, motioning for him to follow. She drags him into the kitchen ignoring the bitchface Sam pulls at being left out.
"Hmm Cas. I've wanted to do this for a long time. You're a hot little thing you know that? Hng!! So hot Cas. Love those eyes, that sex-hair, those kissable lips." Dean was
continue this later tho. I promise." Cas looked really good aroused and begging with hickeys and bruises forming down his neck.
"Hey, Cas. Somethin I wanna tell ya. Ya know, I love those pretty blue eyes of yours. Always gets me going. Just thinking about you panting under me with my fingers hooked in those dark locks. Mmmmmmmm. So pretty, Cas." Dean was grinding against him by now, moaning, groaning, and most importantly, removing clothes. At this point, Dean and Cas were both shirtless with their jeans unzipped and Dean was kissing and biting down his neck.
"Don't try to think too hard about it though, Dean. Oh wow, are you ok? Are you thinking again? That must hurt a lot..."
"And what if he shows up midday? Is he just gonna ring the doorbell and annoy us into turning Cas over? Yeah right! We can call Jody over and get him arrested for trespassing or harassment."
Dean chuckles at his adorable boyfriend before him. Looking into his bright blue eyes, he could almost forget his worries, focus on what he has instead of what it would be like if he didn't. "I love you Castiel. Also, I made pancakes!"
Cas reached into his pocket and found texts from both Dean and Mary. Guess he won't have to miss Dean for much longer.
The taller man was beginning to loose his control. Castiel was still wearing his slacks and his shirt was still hanging from one shoulder, but what he could see of him was enough to get the want coursing through his blood to rush a little faster, burn a little hotter.
"Yes, of course. What's up?" Cas has a sense for where this is going. It was about Dean. He wasn't sure what exactly, he just knew it was about Dean.
Then there was the heat. The addicting push and slide of hands and the feeling of one soon to be lover’s breath on the other’s neck, mouth, and sometimes ear. It was a delicate difference between passionate kissing and hands racing to remove cloths. The desire between each overpowering the sense to keep it slow and make each moment memorable.
Cas had a bit much to drink. Things happen. No thanks to Dean not understanding Cas mixed with flirting, but still.
"Be careful, he doesn't like to talk about feelings like that." Cas also knows that Dean just doesn't want his already stressed mother to be disappointed in him. Unfortunately, John had left a few scars that weren't physical. At least Dean had grown to trust Cas.
He first makes sure that the door and all the downstairs windows are still locked. His shoulders release their built tension a bit. He shuffles into the living room and clicks on the Apple TV, turning the volume down so only he can hear it, and puts on a Bon Jovi, AC/DC, and Queen playlist. As Dean hums along to Good Old Fashion Loverboy, he starts in on the pancake batter. He's just glad he doesn't have to think for a while with the music and task at hand to distract his mind.
"Well night Cas, in the morning it's your turn to choose what we do for the day." The two once had an argument about why Dean always dictated what they did, so Dean, not liking Cas being upset, told him that they would forever take turns choosing what they did. Cas had gratefully agreed, and the rest was history.
"I will. Love you and see ya soon." Mary hung up then. Dean looks at Cas again. He seems slightly more accepting of the fact that Mary and Sam were coming home, so they
Castiel?" Well, what a welcoming, concerned, caring mother she must be. Dean is already five seconds away from verbally attacking this lady, and Cas hasn't even had the chance to speak yet!
"If he tries to find us outside of the home, we live here! We have a community of acquaintances to help us out!" Cas chimes in.
"All those years, watching from a window. All those years, outside looking in. All that time, never even knowing just how blind I've been." Dean would never admit to singing along to the song, he definitely wasn't (he totally was). He looks to Cas and spies him eating his popcorn two kernels at a time, eyeing first to make sure they're just about even in size. It was one of those quirky little things Cas did that Dean finds absolutely...
"Hey Jude, don't make it bad. Take a sad song and make it better. Remember to let her into your heart. Then you can start to make it better" Cas focuses on evening out his breath and slowly closing his eyes,
Ya, this needed an explanation, and quickly too. He was getting tired of Dean showing all the signs of a serious attraction to Cas just to do nothing about it. And how many times had Cas come to him with "hypothetical" questions that were clearly about the love Cas had toward his brother? Sam didn't care, he was ending this. Today. "So what did you two do last night without me?" Sam waited for a response aaaaaaand... Nothing. Nothing but a grunt of "Nothin' " from Dean and a "Not of import" from Cas. Ugh! He should have known these two would be harder to guide than he previously thought.
when I turned 12 is more than big enough for the both of us. Just, if you want to move in then we already have the space for you."
"God no! I was just thinking about us finally being able to kiss in the hallways and walk holding hands. Not to mention the fact that people will stop trying to flirt with me. I hate that."
Neither one was going to forget this day for a long while non-the-less. Cas repositioned them as he began to kiss down Dean’s body, leaving marks and claims from his jaw-line down to his already hard nipples, then lower still to just below his navel.
your sent Dean..." The last sentence was all but a whisper. Dean heard it of course, and the thought of ways to cover Castiel in that sent,
When Dean becomes groaning, weakened mess and almost to the point of fucking Cas' mouth to end the teasing, Cas finally slides the head of Dean's cock past his lips. Dean can barely hold in his gasp as Cas licks at his slit before sucking him down deeper.
"It's going to be alright Dean. You and Cas are safe. We love you, both of you, and won't let anything bad happen." Cas looks at him gratefully, mouthing his thanks before whispering something inaudible into Dean's ear.
Cas!" Dean rushes to his angel's side, ignoring his mother for a moment. "Babe are you alright? Let me check you real quick."
I can't wait any longer! Dean please I'm begging please please." Cas is aware he's babbling on and on, sounding like a complete idiot, but he couldn't care less. It feels so wonderful, so right to be taken apart by Dean, passionately and slowly.
Dean chuckles to himself as he pours another helping of whiskey into his glass, tiling it around in his hands with a shrug. He downs it and grabs the bottle instead.
"If you want to talk to him that bad you can just say so. And don't be a Cas-hog for too long ok?!" She yelled up the stairs after them.
"Oh. oh! Shit, um, just thinking about what mom said. You moving in and all that. I've already cleared another drawer for you, so you can bring more stuff. And the bed mom got us er um,
"Yes, thank you Gabriel where ever you may be." Cas turned to look at Dean. Their eyes met and then they shared sleepy kisses until Cas pulled away.
Dean was still thinking about Cas moving in while he slipped into bed. It could be like this every night! Just him and Cas and one bed, another's warmth to accompany his own. It would be awesome. Of course, he would have to work harder to control his crush on Cas, not to mention the dreams he's been having lately... But none-the-less, Dean wants Cas to move in. He can only hope that the Novak parents are open to the idea of fully getting rid of their son. Dean watches as Cas slides out of his shirt and reaches for a shirt he had given to Cas. Dean sometimes wishes that Cas would just sleep without a shirt, but that doesn't happen, the kid runs cold and modest. Just as Cas was getting into his side of the bed(The right side), Mary knocks on the door, making both of the teens jump momentarily.
Cas blooms a hungry, lustful look in his eyes and makes an exaggerated moan around his first bit of bready goodness, which has the expected effect on Dean. Now Castiel feels hungry for something other than just pancakes. The two boys quickly scarf down their food and put their dishes in the dishwasher before dashing upstairs to the shower.
"I lied Angel. I said I'd give you 20 minutes to get ready for me." Dean pushes in another finger next to the one already sliding its way inside of Cas, evoking the most amazing sounds Dean has ever heard. "But sitting down there, thinking about you up here all wanting and needy for me. God Cas I couldn't take it! I only lasted 14 minutes. Do you see what you
"Sounds like a plan Cas." And with that, the two help each other to fix their hair and dry their lips before Sam or Mary could return.
"Maybe we can get these two weirdos to leave again, and we can have a little... fun?" Dean couldn't help himself. He lets his breath tickle Cas' ear as he kisses it ever so slightly. He can hear Cas try not to let his groan escape.
kissing you and can't get enough," His point shown by a small, lingering peck on the lips. "You moved in, remember? Let's unpack and make it official. Mkay?" Cas lets out a groan.
This must have been the closest thing to heaven sense, well Dean’s actual heaven. The slow weight of Castiel filling him inch by inch, careful not to hurt him. The way the drag in and out felt once he was final relaxed enough for them to continue. The pleasure that raced through him in waves whenever Cas brushed his prostate, The sounds Cas made as he fucked into to his hunter from behind. It was the best Dean had felt in years.
NOW Dean please!" Dean carefully removes his fingers and lines himself up with the needy, empty hole below him, already with the condom on and lubed up. When he finally pushes in, both Cas and Dean feel a rush of want, affection, and deep arousal. Dean groanes as he bends down to suck a mark along Cas' collarbone as he begins to move at Cas' insistence.
"We're going to watch a movie of my choice, eat junk food until we drop, and who knows, we might even talk to each other," Cas quipped sarcastically before stuffing another piece of bacon into his mouth. "I'm also going to call my parents and see if I can move in here." Everyone whips to look at him with words of congratulations and wishes of luck on their tongues. Dean especially looked pleased and even dashes up to give Cas a hug before he realizes what he's doing
Non-the-less, Dean gave him the jacket. Dean didn't know what reaction he was expecting when he gave Cas his jacket, but a
"Oh, no need to make me any pancakes. I'm going to go meet Ellen for breakfast today at seven-thirty. I know you'll be a good boy and watch over everyone while I'm gone. I'll be sure to lock up and call Jody with a warning about John. She'll be on edge waiting for a call in case he shows up ok?"
"We'll we're ok and all, but I'd be a lot better if my brother wasn't such a bitch..." Cas again heard Sam but this time he simply said "Jerk." Cas was glad to hear Dean's voice. He felt a lot better now.
Dean and Castiel spent the majority of the day cuddling and watching whatever shows came to mind while simultaneously fending off any offending and unwanted thoughts or concerns. They ended up watching a couple episodes of Psych and Parks and Recreation and were altogether successful in not overthinking their current position of potential doom. Cas did have one small outburst a short time after a lunch of Hamburger-Helper, but it didn't last very long to Dean's relief. The dark-haired boy had simply allowed his mind to venture into darker territories. Luckily, Dean was there to hold him and talk him through his fears.
"He won't hurt you nor Cas, Dean. Hell, I won't let John step foot into this house! He decided to leave, so he better stay gone! If he hurts one of my boys... oh he won't leave without
On his way to the cabinet that holds his old buddy Jacky D, the thoughts continue to crash like waves into his focus. Stewing alone with one's thoughts is not all it's cracked up to be. Shocker. Dean supposes it's justice for sticking Sam and Cas with research duty while Jack is tackling the movie list Dean assigned him. Dean can deny that his tendency to hurl himself into the sun at any major problem they face is a byproduct of not enough esteem and too many tally marks on the wrong side of the karma board. Too many people have gone through too much for Dean to feel like he
This could be bad. When he heard his brother ask for them to move to the library, he ducked into the doorway he was creeping next to waiting for them to pass. After he heard the two people he loved most talking, he moved to a new vantage point so he could hear them. Sam was talking. Great.
"Ya, sure. I have no problem with helping ya Cas." So apparently, the (maybe not so) platonic eyese-eye contact between Cas and Dean was too much for Sam, as he was currently faking a coughing fit. Just before Dean could snap at his brother, Branden called them up to get their treats.
"How dare you raise your voice at me you bastard! Get rid of that little freak before I get there or I'll get rid of him for you!"
"Mhgfsjm!!!!" Castiel agreed through his gag. Dean was glad Cas loved him back and all but he was all play right now with no brain space for romance.
He thought about the first time John hit him. He hit Dean on the cheek. It was a hard enough hit to make a noise but not enough to leave a mark. Dean looked up at his father with tears barely held back, knowing crying would make this worse. What he saw was a man disgusted with himself. Scared of what he had done to his own child, his own flesh and blood. Mary wasn't home. John looked at his son with a look of regret. He wished he hadn't hit him. He wished his son wasn't so emotional and delicate.
Dean speeds up at the new angle, feeling the tightness in his balls building up and the tightness in his stomach coil more. He could stay like this forever. In Castiel, with Castiel. It was the most right feeling in the entire universe, pleasure, and security in copious amounts.
, I think I've waited long enough." Cas let loose with a triumphant smile. He knows just which buttons to push...
The blush heating his skin runs from his cheeks down through his expanse of skin. Cas can't help but notice what else is flushed red between the two. Cas finds it very exciting when he sees that Dean is just as hard as he is, not to mention the pang of hunger that rushes through him when he watches Dean drip a line of precum.
"You're weird, but it looks good on you." Dean dodges a punch to the arm on his way to the cupboard to grab the macaroni and tuna, throwing a cocky smirk Cas' way. They proceed to play cat and mouse, laughing at each other and themselves for the next few minutes until Cas finally catches Dean. He wraps his arms around the older boy's waist and starts kissing his neck.
"Mom! What happened!? Why are you yelling at Cas!" Dean dashes to the doorway after checking the timer on dinner, embarrassment at the pet name spreading dread through him.
"Well, I know you're in love with Dean for starters." Her glance shifts to Cas, gauging his reaction. Not disgust, always a good sign, but a face of guilt. Perfect. "Now don't say anything just yet. I'm glad you have fallen for my boy! I'm not going to give you a hard time about it either. Now, am I right here?"
"Dean, come here. You're going to hurt your knees if you stay down there any longer." It takes him a small moment, but Dean finally gains enough strength to get onto the couch next to his boyfriend and immediately snuggling into Cas' shoulder.
When Cas and Dean bang for real who should top? Heheh Hope you enjoyed this. I'm going to write as often as I can until this is over. Any suggestions *cough* or kinks *cough cough* are welcome! Thank you all so much for reading.
But all magnificent things must come to and end, and Cas was going to cum soon. “Close! So very c-CLOSE!” Dean yelled into the side of a pillow, causing Cas to grunt his agreements and thrust faster. It was a wonderful build up to the best release either had experienced. Dean went first and Cas was only four thrusts behind him.
The thought is enough to make Dean blush so he spins in his chair to try to hide it. He knows he's in deep with Cas, but he is still too scared to make any sort of move on the blue eyed boy. He remembers when they were in 4th grade and Meg had a crush on Cas. Cas was so disgusted, scared, and shy that he would hide behind Dean whenever she showed up. Dean remembers how cute he was clutching to Dean's arm and peeking up at his green eyes with his equally blue ones. He remembers telling Meg to go away and stop torturing his friend, remembers the rushing feeling to protect Cas. Dean still thinks it's cute how whenever a girl, or the occasional guy, will flirt with Cas, he still just hides behind Dean slightly with a blush on his face. He fills with pride knowing that Cas feels so safe with him. It only makes sense, they practically live together. Dean looks to Cas' two drawers in Dean's dresser. They're filled with clothes and even some toiletries for when he stays over, which is practically every night. Cas' toothbrush is in the bathroom, right next to Dean's
"Um Cas? I think we need to go to bed now." Look, Dean enjoyed hot eye-sex as much as the next... not gay guy... But that didn't mean that Cas wasn't only like this because he wasn't used to being human, and he was drunk.
Mmmg GOD!!" Another smirk from Cas at that. Being the coy bastard he is, he had to stand up and say the
The following morning Dean and Sam finished packing and left. Cas didn't know what to do. He always had Dean there to talk to, or suggest a new movie for him to watch. Dean had left him with a few home-cooked meals and frozen burritos along with instructions on how to use the microwave before he left. It had already been a few hours and Cas missed Dean. He missed his kindness and his smile. He missed the comfort he got from Dean's very presence and the joy Dean always carried with him. He missed Dean's eyes, and his mouth, and his gravely voice, and his attractive bowlegs, and... Wait. Cas felt... weird, in a place Dean called his "private quarters". It felt, longing?
! feels so perfect. Ya!" The deeper Cas got into the warm heat of Dean, the louder he got. Groans and growls mixed with moans, all breathed out onto the former angel's neck in-between bites and nips. After a while of thrusting, humping, and riding Dean came all over Cas' bare chest, tearing Cas' orgasm from him.
He looked at himself in the mirror, already feeling more nervous than he would ever admit. “I can do this.” He said to himself. Now Dean knew it wasn’t strictly normal to give yourself a pep talk, especial not about such things, but what was he to do? “I can go up to him and tell him the truth, put it all on the line. And who knows, maybe if you play your cards right you can land an angel in bed.”
no protests, and pulls Mary into a huge hug, being lifted off the ground by the freakishly strong woman before him.
"Adorable." It was a whisper. Barely one at that, but still a whisper. Cas knows that now's his chance, and the best one he's probably gonna get.
"Good." She said laughing slightly. Dean lets Cas pamper him sometimes and it’s good that Castiel forces him to do things for the both of them sometimes. "Hey, can we talk real quick?" Mary had noticed a long time ago that her boys were in love with each other. She had recently noted that it's only getting worse with time, so she set out to solve it. No matter how many times she's hinted or pushed, she gets nothing. So Mary decided that a head-on approach would have to work.
Cas and Mary hold each other's concerned stares until the moment's interrupted by another loud sniff from Dean. Cas immediately shifts all his attention to the boy at his waist, still kneeling and mumbling into his stomach.
He wasn't aware when the staring ending and the kissing started, but Cas did realize that there is a hand in his hair and warm, soft lips against his own. This must be bliss, pure, untainted bliss. The kind of kiss a person dreams of.  Warm air shared between them and soft caresses, yet a passion so unbreakable that it must be spoken through the action of pressing lips and tongues together.
at him. Dean knew it was because Cas didn't mean anything he said last night and was disgusted by Dean's obvious arousal the words had caused. Great. Dean did the one thing he was trying to not do. He ruined the connection that meant the world to him.
"What's the matter, Dean? You don't like the way I look in your clothes and jacket? Your staring from earlier would disagree with you." Cas was pretty much humping the air by now and Dean's dick was about to become fairly visible in his jeans.
His blue eyes were wide and dark, half lidded, and begging. Thats when Dean realized what Cas was begging
while we were gone! IT'S GOOD TO BE HOME!" Mary winks at them and steps to the kitchen to help Sam put away their leftover snacks
"Oh thank God." Cas almost runs the last few feet to Dean and wraps him in his arms. "I woke up a-and you weren't there and I was worried you had gone and done something stupid. And I'm rambling, sorry."
yes!" Dean swoops down, leaning over Cas with green eyes almost even with the black of his pupils. He looks down at the long expanse of skin and muscle below him, all for his own. He a rush shoots through his nerves thinking how no one else would ever see
Dean knew that he wasn't going to be allowed by the universe to be happy for much longer. He should have noticed his days with Cas were too perfect. He should have caught on to the fact that he was smiling and laughing on a regular basis. He felt stupid. So very stupid. Cas could never love him! Dean had allowed his fantasies to seem real. No way Cas meant what he said. No way Cas wanted Dean in such carnal ways. No way Cas loved him. So much for not thinking about last night...
"I've eaten an apple and some chocolate." The look Sam gave him was confusing. From what he knew, it was a mix between happiness and sympathy.
"Mine." Cas was cumming within a second of that word, and his spasms push Dean to lose control as well.
Dean's still worried about John and what might happen, but he figures it was best to keep that out of his mind and just enjoy the company of Cas. "I was hoping we'd start with that blow job you promised me. After you eat, of course." Dean says with a wink as he makes his way to eat his own plate of pancakes with Cas.
"It doesn't matter much what I want, because what I want more than anything is for you to be happy Cas. I want to make you happy. You deserve that. I'm going for a drink and I'll be back at the bunker eventually. Think about it and you'll have plenty of time to pack up and ship out before I get back." Deans is perfectly aware he overstepped his boundaries and over pushed his luck, but a dying man can dream. He pulls Baby into reverse and heads to the farthest bar he can name.
"Come on Dean! I'm hungry." Dean doesn't look up at Cas because he knows that if he did, he won't be able to escape those blue eyes. He does, however, move to sit across from Cas.
“Just go in and do it right” Dean thought to himself as he opened to door and stepped inside, praying to all his deities that he wouldn't look like an idiot or drown in his own sweat.
Mary moves into the kitchen and the boys follow. With her signature mischievous glint in her eyes, she asks, "Who wants a slice" her glint shifts over to Dean, "or three of pie?" She is met with a very happy Dean Winchester and teasing boys all with "yes's on their tongues.
"Not much. Just eating breakfast, or at least getting there." Cas flinches his plate to indicate what he meant. Cas could swear he heard Dean mumble "Cute". Probably just wishful thinking.
For instance, he may talk a big game, bigger than most, when it comes to the ladies. The truth is, he really isn't that into it. He likes a good roll in the hay, but it's much better to have a set bale to roll with. Dean runs an exhausted hand down his face. Even in his own head that doesn't sound clever.
