"It was an amazing day." Steve responds. Big smile and a blush on his cheeks, his stomach being a mess. "I've been helping Anthony with Peter. Peter is adorable, probably the cutest boy in the world."
Of course, they could also just go to their room, because it was the simplest thing, and Steve likes simple things, like chamomile tea.
Tony looks at him with a raised eyebrow and a smile like he's asking if he's really serious, but Steve doesn't seem to be joking so he sighs. “If you're doing this for the tip, I don't need charity. You can tell that to your friend."
"Give me, I'll help you." Tony takes bags off his hands, and he knows how immature he can be, but he can't help but get excited when their hands touch and Tony laughs.
"Sorry, it's just that he was crying a lot on the stairs, and you know it's my weakness." Steve explains in the kitchen, where Wade can't hear them.
"Fucking is a bad word." A squeaky little voice behind them intervenes in their conversation. Both boys turn to the owner and aren't surprised when they see a kid no more than six years old. "My dad says it's a bad word," he repeats. And Steve blushes so much with embarrassment that he's about to apologize on his knees for not having proper language. Until a young man shows up and walks over to wipe the boy's face.
"If you're selfish, then be selfish enough to speak to him for your peace. Tell him you forgive him, I'm not asking you to go back to whatever they had before, but look at you," she points him up and down with the index finger. "It isn't doing you good to torment yourself with this. Don't do it for him, do it for you."
"Hello, Stark." Carol greets her arms folded under the door. "I don't know if you've been told already, but... Clint?" Tony nods at the correct name. "Right, he's here."
"It wasn't bothering me," he is quick to say when he sees the boy shrink into place. "He only asked if I had seen his mother."
And it doesn't take him long to get to what was once his home when in an attempt by both of them to strengthen that bond of friendship they had they were going to get married and move in together.
The movie goes the same as always, a message reaches his cell phone so he takes it out of his pocket and almost jumps out of the seat when he sees that it's a message from Anthony ...
Tony is an adult at the end of the day and by the time he gets to the Avengers Tower he gives his brother Rhodey a hug, greets Bruce with a nod, and finally shakes hands with the woman who saved his life. introduces herself as Carol Danvers.
It has not been easy for Tony to move forward with Peter since his junior year in high school. With the teachers rushing him to study at night school under the pretext of not setting a bad example to the rest of the students under disappointed looks because "Tony, you had a lot of potential until you blew it." His mother kicking him out of the house with no time for explanations and no money on his shoulders, and without a chance to see his father at least to say goodbye. Of course Tony had a terrible time when it was just the two of them against the world. Peter was a few weeks old and he was only fifteen.
"Can we go to the park? My daddy promised to go, but he always falls asleep." There is a pout on his face.
"General Tilton was incredible, it is the retirement I regret the most." Rhodey added. Tony and Carol nodded.
"Carol said that about me a long time ago, I thought only she said such ... witty things." He turns to finish the meal, leaving the subject on the air as if it were anything, and Steve has a glimmer of hope that he needs to clarify.
James laughs out loud and denies whispering something that sounds like an insult. Steve kicks him under the table.
Tony seems to think so, but they are 'his son' and a complete stranger together so he's not even considering considering it. “I don't know you."
Steve rereads several times because it is "Anthony Stark sending him a message." You think you should wait a bit to avoid giving the wrong impression, but chances are that if you wait too long the conversation will not continue.
"Uh, I have to close here," Tony says, passing a hand behind the back of his neck. "I have to go to my other job."
He shouldn't, but he's disappointed. Maybe, and just maybe, Tony Stark has been on his mind because of something other than the fact that he was an idiot to him by not being discreet about an issue that did not concern him.
Tony nods, and he realizes how bad it sounded and decides that the best thing to do is fix it, or at least try not to screw it up anymore.
"Was nothing; I went to a special hospital, they usually give away medicines even though they have excellent service. It's kind of like a government aid or something."
"I'm not doing it for a date, he's going to pay me." James rolls his eyes like he doesn't believe him in the least. "I'll only help him take care of Peter once in a while. And yes, I find him attractive, but... it's not like anything is going to happen."
Tony nods and ends up hugging her and whispers a thank you, a thanks for listening, a thanks for the advice and one for not being anywhere and just being the objective mind on this. She tightens it and swears it is the best hug she has ever had; there is no pity, there is no one side or the other and suddenly he feels incredibly at peace.
There's a knock on the door again, a light but imposing knock, and he finally comes out of the trance.
"Did you suit afternoons or so is like you greet in the city?" He stands aside to let him pass. Steve is blushes and nervous, and God is that him when he was young? He's so cute.
"Tony?" His voice is soft, he's surprised, but it's also the most tense thing he's ever seen before. "What are you doing here?"
"Peter said you like donuts so I bought you a breakfast." Steve searches the room with his eyes. "Where is Peter? I also bought for him."
"I'm sorry I hid things from you." Steve sniffs through his nose, joining his forehead with Tony's looking into his eyes. "I don't hold a grudge against you, and I deeply wish you didn't have it towards me either ... although I would totally understand if you did-"
The call ends with Steve a bit excited. It doesn't take long for him to get up to find what to wear the next morning.
"Did you see my mom?" His gaze is curiously similar to Tony's, it's a kind of mix between funny and tired. Steve denies.
"Steve Rogers." Rhodey receives him by stretching his hand towards him. He claps him on the back and invites him in.
"He wanted it for the dinosaur." Tony clarifies in his ear. Steve nods and whispers "I notice it out."
He knocks on the door, he's anxious and his face is frozen by the cold weather, but none of that matters when the door opens and she's there; She looks him up and down and as fast as possible and does not wait any longer to hug him with all the strength she has.
"It's right where you left it." He responds putting a handful in his mouth. Steve knows that he is imitating his mother.
And he doesn't know, but all he needed was to know that there was something in his life that he hadn't ruined.
The door opens suddenly, frightening her, but she relaxes when Anthony walks in and is not "a burglar breaking into the house." Instinctively he looks at his watch, barely two hours have passed.
His expression is embarrassed when Tony turns to look at him and notices the boy who always knocks on his door with lighter bags in his hands.
Tony's eyes scrutinize him for an iota of lies, but the guy in front of him seems quite convinced that some moron is giving away medicine just because his heart has been tempted. Steve is an idiot.
"It's not charity, I just tipped a dollar, I swear," Steve realizes what he's saying and denies. "What I mean is that I was not being stingy not to leave a tip or to leave it, I'm just short of money and I have two dollars to eat today; and I know we were fools for talking like that and I don't think anyone wouldn't want to have sex with you... Oh, gods, no. What I mean is that I'm sorry, and I'm also sorry to be an idiot."
He can try his workshop, but everyone goes in and out of there and with Rocket and Nebula taking over the place, it doesn't seem like the most private situation.
He has to tell her, he knows it because it is what anyone would do, but he is also afraid to ask because he couldn't bear another disappointment or pain.
There is plenty of food on the table, Peter is in Steve's arms. With too sleepy to notice the "good candy" has already been brought out. The talk continues very entertaining, between the four of us.
"Something went wrong?" Steve denies and hands him a bag of medicines. "Steve, how much did this cost?" The voice seems to tremble with fear of not being able to cover the expenses for the week.
He was sure it would be easy to start to stop relying on Carol's help with caring for Peter and Rhodey to cover him at work, but the truth is that he had already lost ten pounds since the last three weeks.
Steve laughs, claiming that watching Peter's cartoons isn't good for him and he hunches down to go and continue cooking for his game night with James, Natasha and T'challa. Steve decides not to go into the room for the rest of the night, he doesn't want to see any of those three. Especially James and Natasha who have started dating are that bubblegum couple that he hates so much.
He arrives at the address Carol texted him by taxi. When he goes down he sees a normal and very large house. It has the perfect grass and the garden is so green that it probably could have taken out a pair of dark glasses for sunbathing. It assumes that such perfection is due to the style of the military.
Wade listens and stands still looking at the photos hanging in the place, sees a strip of photos with Steve, Tony and Peter in it on the table and smiles wistfully.
"Hello." Tony returns the salute and stands aside to let the boy pass. "I bought donuts on the way."
"We don't know, Tony." She begins. "But sometimes things are so simple that you just have to knock on the door to have an answer."
Tony sighs for a second. Steve knows it's a sigh of relief, his chest rises too high, he must be happy.
Tony snorts rolling his eyes. "Of course it bothers me, it's a boy, Peter is a baby." He is five years old. "Did you like boys at five years old?
"I always go out at this time," he clarifies, closing the door behind him. Steve's confused look on him. "Yes, I lied about my departure time."
Peter comes running into the living room. He is wearing an orange coat and is holding a Gumball stuffed animal.
Sundays are usually his days off, which generally helps complete work and tasks that he doesn't finish when Peter is a little more restless than usual, but he also uses it to sleep. Between school and Peter, his hours of sleep are not the most adequate in the week, and he thinks that he can fully recover in a weekend, but a call takes him by surprise and although he does not know the number, he answers.
Locks the cell phone and deny angry. Look around the room; It's a small place, there are several pictures on a shelf. All from Peter and Anthony togheter.
The doorbell makes its sound and almost when he leaves, he hears footsteps to the door. Steve presses the box against his stomach.
The door closes and they both look at each other with a knowing smile. Then Steve is ready to look away, but Tony takes the tips of his fingers surprising him instantly.
He didn’t initially have an issue with Tony going to Chicago alone for some engineering conference. Tony seemed genuinely excited about it, normally he’d try his best to squirrel out of going to board meetings, galas, and press conferences. Well none of those sounded as exciting as an engineering conference, most of those events were pretty boring to Steve, he’d had the dubious role as arm candy during some of the galas and press conferences. The art galas were more his thing and Tony always took him to those even if Tony didn’t much care for them. Either because he loved Steve, or because ‘Pepper would crush his balls’ Tony’s words. Steve liked going, he also liked Tony’s balls so it was pretty easy to go and keep Tony in line.
Carol winked at Steve, and tugged Rhodey away while he and Tony shared a small silence. Tony’s arms dropped off Steve’s shoulders and he started to withdraw. Steve seized Tony’s warm and rough hands and held him in place.
Tony came to life a bit too late after Clint’s rank ass gas. He was tucked into the couch and pillows were stacked on his form in a pleasing arrangement.
Rumlow looked very pleased as he of course towered over Tony, and while Tony had very nice muscles. Rumlows were bigger, so Steve worried and opted to craft up a plan b. Which required him to get a bit closer to the girl with his coat. Thankfully she was human and he could work some light magic on her while in proximity to his coat. Still irked him that someone he didn’t want was wearing it. Deciding right there he wouldn’t give Rumlow the right recipe for the urchin.
Steve smiled, sliding back into subspace as Tony rolled his hips and the dick vibrated at a more constant pulse. The fingers on Tony’s hips were not Steve’s but they held Tony like Steve would so he was happy they were there.
Clint got some special made, by iron tsum ear muffs that had his ears inside, so his ears would stay warm, which had been something Clint had complained about occasionally. His ears would get so cold due to the hearing bits conducting the cold. They thoughtfully decided not to mint up the ear muffs, both thinking of Clint’s face when he discovered that tsums had a musk.
Tony listened and he heard something shuffling around but Steve didn’t respond. So Tony poked his head into Steve’s room to find his uniform on the floor, atypical for neat freak Steve, there on the bed. Tony eye’s caught movement, a captain America pill plushy. Tony knelt down and stared at it, was it a tsum or was it the plushie of a tsum.
“Though maybe they’ll get better pilots, probably not but really have to hand it to you. This is memorable. They wanted little old me to scoop you out.”
He checked over the one with the missing leg, while the other ferret hissed threateningly at him baring the stubby canines. They were very thin and a bit cold. He closed the enclosure much to the hissing Ferret’s displeasure. Steve was apparently super protective of the armless ferret that went by Bucky. Apparently the missing arm only made him bounce more, thus Bucky.
Pepper’s medicine cabinet was well stocked, and organized. It was cleaned once a month, and she typically put everything back in the same order. The order didn’t really have a logical sense at first glance. However if you were Pepper’s height it would make more sense the supplements, vitamins, and probiotics were on the bottom shelf. Easy to see simply look down a bit and peruse the various multivitamins.
Steve was taken aback, but followed after them with a sedated pace. Hawkeye was nattering on about it, and Widow was not contributing much, until they got back on the quin jet, and Hawkeye rushed off to the cockpit probably sensing the cold atmosphere.
“That looks really fun, we should go over the specs on your arm. I feel like I could add something to it.”
Bruce shook his head, he had to patch a hole in the bottom of the puzzle enclosure that he was pretty sure Tony’s doing. He opened the door and snapped a photo of Tony swaddling Steve on the couch too cute. He was going to place that image on his website.
“It? Oh yeah, that would be a bit rushed. We can sleep and talk. Maybe get to know each other better before dragging me off to another Selkie marriage?”
Peter rolled on by, tilting his body as a wave. He was a friendly pill, a bit too active. Luckily Peter also tilted himself at the smaller lozenge in the see through window of the bag.
Some nervous laughter left Steve, Tony chuckled along with him and then leaned back into the embrace.
Rhodey pushed Tony over and claimed the warmest spot. Tony rolled back, placing his feet and hands on Rhodey’s fur messing it up, in revenge. He was still warm, and quite aware that Rhodey was just trying to bury the loss of another kit. Tony would certainly miss Peter as well, but Rhodey always bonded with them and forgot that they weren’t going to stay? Tony didn’t know, Tony didn’t want to know it was too close to his own feelings on the matter.
“Hawkeye is to blame, he doesn’t even understand us. He saw Steve give me the lecture on this Easter thing and the joy of it!”
Pepper shook her head and placed her purse down. She made her way back to the other lab ferret. There she found the door opened, and on the couch a snuggled up and sleeping two ferrets. She sighed, so much for worrying about Tony.
Steve waited, was this what Janet had meant when she put a human under her thrall? Steve wasn’t sure how he’d but this Fae under his thrall though.
“No, you didn’t… I’m not happy they were used but if you were under contract I understand. We have some really stupid rules.”
“Your what?” A cloud of emotions passed across Tony’s face as he seemed to process Steve’s confession. “Wait, why not just ask me? Ouch!”
Rumlow made a show of giving the coat but then leaned over Tony and said something to which Tony just laughed and held the coat close. The crowd dispersed and Tony made his way back to Steve’s side but his eyes lit up with unexpected mirth when he saw the people next to Steve.
Tony had noticed that Steve was oddly protective of the seaweed bag at his hip. Or protective of it touching Tony, so he assumed that maybe it held some toxic fish or something that could hurt himself. The simple breeches and shirt that hung off Steve, the breeches were nice because they sort of hugged Steve showing off his hips and butt. Which Tony got to stare at as Steve dragged him to the next booth.
He opened the magazine again, picturing peggy as the lady and him on his hands and knees, under her. That had been a brief but amazing time. It was nice to give up control and just follow the orders, it helped that a lot of it was in a safe space and there weren't any deadly repercussions. If Steve wanted to be bratty with Peggy no one ever died. Unlike in the war, which was a shame as Steve and Peggy had been unable to do much in the way of sex due to the close and cramped quarters.
They struggled for a moment and then Bucy got out from under Steve and placed the packer on the table. Eyes bright as he watched Steve pick out the penetrator.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and just held him till the shaking lessened, Till Tony rested his head on Steve’s shoulder. Finally when Steve made to move Tony grabbed onto his arms, and he returned to holding Tony in the embrace.
It was a difficult adjustment to his schedule and circadian rhythm to wake before Steve each morning, but the more lunch dates Steve canceled, the easier it became. Tony was fueled by the stubborn desire to win Steve back, and to resolve whatever he’d done - or hadn’t done - to become so unattractive that it would drive Steve into the arms of another man. Every mile he ran on the creaking treadmill was spurred by the memories of Steve hiding his laptop, every weight he lifted was motivated by Rhodey’s description of Steve’s muscled side piece. He could become attractive again, he could prove to Steve that he could keep up just as good as any other muscle-head in New York.
Tony was no longer in bed when he came back from his runs on any given morning. It had been so long, and Steve dearly missed their morning ritual of washing up together. Tony was around, though Steve wasn’t sure why Tony had decided to become an early morning person, and his mood certainly suffered from it. Steve had been on the receiving end of Tony’s snippy attitude for the last three days and he couldn’t think of why Tony was being so short with him. Maybe Steve had started to snore? That would explain the bags under Tony’s eyes and why he wasn’t there in the bed.
“I saved your tiny ass and it was pretty nice down there lots of food. I thought you’d eventually come. But here you are sending me your butt fish.”
He offered quietly, shaking from exhaustion, cold, and fear as a shadow came over his cage. A bit of the cloth was lifted and the scrap of tent fabric that he’d been wearing was passed through the bars. The cloth cover fell over the bars again. Steve pulled the scrap of cloth closer it still smelt of Bucky and salmon...Salmon?
Last time he and Bucky had outwitted and strong armed Rumlow into fessing up where he hid it. Bucky was unable to do that, Steve was sure if he asked Bucky would help, but he needed to recover, plus being  without his coat on land? Without an arm? No Bucky had finally mastered the seal part and well Buck had never liked drawing attention to himself so on land was a big no.
Iron tsum nudged cap with some yarn in his mouth. Weaving around Cap tsum, maybe this would end up with Iron tsum caught in the yarn. It was starting to seem like a bad idea. Iron tsum pushed him again.
“Of course, we arrange for him to have a good time out and he finds a way to bang a hammer. That's Tony.”
Cap tsum was amazed at all the really thoughtful gifts iron tsum had bought, with human Tony’s money. Things that they had noticed about their human roommates. Like how thor was always in his boots, never took them off even to sleep. Iron tsum had commissioned a pair of big mukluks with woven knot work in traditional norse art work of Mjolnir, along with a bunch of equally absurd socks like sharks in space, cheese, and penguins in winter gear.
Tony pushed from his mind thoughts of a life where he and Steve weren’t together, but it was becoming harder and harder to do the longer he kept up the charade. Steve couldn’t even be civil in front of the team anymore, and all of the tension between them felt insurmountable. It all seemed like Steve had moved on completely, and Tony hadn’t received the memo.
Bruce was planning to pair Bucky with Rhodey so he carefully lifted Rhodey up so the ferrets could see each other while being held. Bucky sniffed first then Rhodey. Bruce placed them carefully on the ground in the playpen to watch them interact.
Steve knew if he pushed it Tony would say it's his wet hair or something was stuck in his eye so he just rubbed the other’s back till the soft sobs died out. Steve lifted Tony up and took him to the bed where the tsums parted like the red sea.
Steve was scandalized he didn’t want the fish in his butt what would Bucky say? Though he was curious, Happy and Rhodey didn’t seem to really notice their fish passengers.
"Did you draw that conclusion yourself or are you just too much of an idiot like the others?" Steve says. "You don't know him either, you don't know anything about Anthony, but you're not afraid to say all that crap about him."
"I didn't ask for a mother, I asked for my mother, Carol," Peter is quick to say before hiding behind Tony. "She was here when she told me to come with you."
Peter nods and runs into the living room and stops when he sees a big boy on the couch playing with his hands who turns when he sees him and greets him.
Tony smiles at him and his heart skips a beat. But this isn't the time to get carried away by his teenage love impulses so he runs off with Peter in his arms and the promise to call at all times, and especially if something happens.
"You two are so weird ..." he smiles. "I guess I'll see you in a bit. I'm going to give you the address."
Steve quickly denies and grabs his forearm to keep him from leaving. His face burning like never before. Tony frowns, puzzled by how strange the guy's and looks at him carefully, waiting for his next move.
There is an awkward silence, the place is tense because James thinks Steve is being an idiot, and Steve thinks James is being an idiot.
"Listen," Carol announced, putting her glass aside, "Tony, I know it's your night, but tomorrow we'll tell Maria and Rhodey's parents and we want you to be the first to know, and Steve, of course," puts her palm on Rhodey's hand. "It would be nice if you joined us in this."
Carol takes his hands and looks at him with a particular sparkle in her eyes. Tony has lived long enough to know that she's that type of woman; she's one of those who have faith even in lost causes like him.
Carol greets him with a hug and when Tony meets him, all he can do is smile and walk up to him as if Anthony Stark were the only thing that exists in that kitchen which for that moment is "their place."
Tony has been especially upset since that time on his night off while tucking Peter in, he kept talking about how much he "liked Wade." Steve knows this because Tony keeps bringing it up, saying Peter is too young to be liked by anyone, Wade being three years older for "whatever, just not."
Suddenly the "sometimes" becomes a routine and there is no day when he doesn't cancel outings to take care of Peter, and of course, his friends don't miss an opportunity to recriminate him. But he doesn't really care because they don't spend time together anymore without mentioning that Tony is using him because Steve stopped charging him for caring of Peter.
"No daddy! I don't want to be left alone." Steve keeps looking and is ready to speak when Tony is already scolding Peter with his eyes.
"I can do this whenever you need it." Anthony denies. "Listen, I'm not doing this out of pity or charity, seriously just ... ugh."
There are pretty eyes. Maybe greens and blues or any color in general. But Anthony Stark's eyes were two weary hazelnuts under long lashes. If Steve had seen them in someone else he would have missed them, but not when they belonged to him.
"I wanted to get rid of you, but you're stubborn so I guess that wasn't effective." He points at it by biting his lower lip. Steve blushing like a fool. "I'm just kidding, but thanks for helping. Things have been a bit ... complicated lately."
Or well, a sandwich and a juice for children (because it costs two dollars less than an adult drink.)
He leaves the university resigned to go to his apartment, but stops by yesterday's fast food restaurant and decides that it would not be wrong to go and apologize to Anhtony for the string of nonsense they said about him.
"I was a precociously gay boy." Tony widens his eyes and a smile that Steve wouldn't have expected as an answer is drawn on his face. "What is so funny?"
"Couldn't your dad scold us for going to the park while he's gone?" Peter denies, Steve laughs. "No? Why not?"
And he didn't want Natasha, who was on Steve's side as always, or Rodhey taking pity on him despite everything, and definitely not Bruce being ... Bruce.
Steve isn't looking at him anymore because he's embarrassed and just hopes Anthony doesn't slap him on the cheek. Instead he sees him switch feet to lean on. He takes out his notepad and a pen behind his ear.
Peter nods and runs into the living room and stops when he sees a big boy on the couch playing with his hands who turns when he sees him and greets him.
"Well, Wade. I'm Steve Rogers, it's a pleasure." Raises a hand to Wade and surprisingly takes it with a smile.
He sighs in relief and nods, letting out the air he was holding in his lungs through his mouth, runs the palms of his hands over his tired face and looks at him.
Steve doesn't recall being happier at any other time in his life. But by then he just takes the plates out of the cupboard and sets them up for Tony to serve dinner.
He feels then that he is alive, that Carol is alive and that thanks to the universe, Steve is also alive.
He goes up the stairs of the apartment and he comes across a boy sitting in the hallway. There are screams in the background that are mildly distorted by the walls and he can't help but feel his stomach clench when the little one appears to be crying.
Peter looks happy, he's an adorable child with eyes as beautiful as Anthony's. Peggy's nieces are cute like any girl, but they are totally a mess. Always pulling him, painting the walls and dirtying the floors. Steve understands it because they are children and children play, but Peter is something else; he's like a small adult with the heart of a child.
"What? Yes, yes." He carves his eyes and smiles slightly by running his tongue over his lower lip. "For this shit, it is."
The day starts with a horrible two-hour literature class with the teacher who takes the longest time to finish a sentence, and then he runs off to get to this silly bird class.
Peter raises his head and denies. "Carol no longer helps my dad Tony because he is going to marry Rodhey, and she has to go to college."
They don't take long to attend to them and the doctor prescribes few medications recommending that in the process improve their diet and add vitamins to their day to day. When they leave, Peter is already better, continues in silence walking with long strides trying to calibrate his rhythm with Steve's.
They leave the place, but Steve can't help but think about Anthony Stark and how stupid it was to talk about him like they were gossips with no life of their own.
That's why when Steve appears, the shock of feelings arrives because he doesn't want to fall back into the comfort state where he doesn't care about full time babysitters, but Tony is tired and hungry, and he has not slept enough to keep up with Peter or classes. And although he doesn't want to, he ends up accepting it because he can't be selfish, he needs to think about Peter; a long time ago he stopped being just Tony, and instead began to be Peter and if there was time, Tony.
"I'm a fucking selfish, that's what they say about me, right? That I'm someone who wouldn't give his life for the cause. What would be the point?"
"Yes." He keeps smiling, Steve imitates him and their eyes never leave. They don't look at the overly elaborate wine or snack. They also don't stop to see if Carol and Rhodey have already returned to Peter. "I guess I can quit my horrible jobs now."
Steve then feels the hollow in his stomach and leans over to sit next to him with the shopping bags at his sides.
Tony was so happy the tiniest, spuniest of lozenges was his Steve, they talked nearly every day now. Peter would roll by sometimes to drop off the latest gossip[ from the health shelf. Or just to chat. Apparently, Ty had finally been flushed, and there was a new product in his place. When asked what Peter’s face had screwed up and ‘cup’ had been his only response. Tony was pretty sure it was one of those femmine cups, if the purple packaging was anything to go by. Probably best Peter didn’t investigate that one.
He leaned forward on the couch arm sniffing he could smell something but it was faint. So he decided closer and jumped at the cage, landing he climbed it till he reached the platform the other ferret was on. Shivering white lump, Tony nosed at it from the bars.
It was done, easily 3 tsums wide and too many tsums long, iron tsum had really enjoyed the ‘knitting’ and had insisted that they keep doing it till all the yarn was used up. So it wasn’t much of a scarf as it was more of a really long knitted thing. The artist in Cap tsum was dismayed this wasn’t what he’d envision. Iron tsum was surveying the long yarn mess with a face of satisfaction.
His flirting game seemed to be enhanced somehow. He was making Tony blush a lot which Steve was envious of. Most of his flirting wor words of affirmation were the cause of his blushing and Tony looking confused. Oh to be gifted with the skill of the flowery tongue! Actually from some of the stories Steve had heard Bucky was quite talented in oral. He blushed right there at the table, Tony peered at him over his glasses.
Steve was on the rim of the sink, teetering. The sink! If Steve fell in he was doomed the jewelry trap that Pepper used was sitting by the soap dish. It was a one way ticket to be dissolved in the drain trap. He wiggled in his package so he could save Steve. He would just pop his package and hit Steve just right and his lovely honey would be safe.
“This kind of stuff is just really important to Steve, you have to believe me.” Tony thought of the few stories Steve had shared about what it was like growing up sick, small, weak. When Steve talked about it, it felt like Tony was hearing the most intimate pieces of Steve’s mind. It was so difficult for Steve to be defined exclusively by his limitations. And now that he could do nearly anything, Tony knew how Steve cherished his abilities, and what having an active lifestyle meant to him - something Tony frequently avoided sharing with his boyfriend, outside of the bedroom. “I’ve got to win him back, Rhodey. I don’t know what I would do without him.” Tony stared fiercely at his friend.
“Uh Mr. Banner could I get Ned too? I doubled everything and I don’t want Peter to be lonely when I’m at college. I have the money.”
Sam snorted. “Three is good for now Steve, with what we do? I’m not sure you could save the world and take home economics as well.”
He thought back to that conference he’d gone to recently, how it was mostly math and science and the kinds of theoretical and practical discussions that would bore Steve to death, but there was art and excitement, too. Tony wished he and Steve could talk about that, that he could share with Steve all of the things he heard from the world’s brightest minds about the world and about the future and the advancements of science. It would be easier to teach Steve quantum physics than for Tony to bear the betrayal, or survive losing Steve all together. Hell, it would be easier if Steve could just train Tony instead of him trying to figure it out himself, or maybe it was easier to build a time machine and go back and just work out with Steve from the beginning.
Cap pushed iron tsum towards the yarn piles he’d sorted. The fee for the butt pinch was helping him craft human steve a scarf. Iron tsum followed seemingly at ease.
Okay that was kind of adorable, the excavator returned to digging. Stephanie was of course curious the excavator was working steadily and while there had been some progress the little thing didn’t even seem to be perturbed about the sheer size of the task laid out in front of her.
It was their turn Sam bowed and presented the mean first, the grey iron clad man tilted his head. Bucky takes a step forward pulling Steve from the sling as he knelt before the man on the throne.
“Alright, Tony,” Rhodey said tersely, leaning forward to rest his arms on his legs, “I didn’t want to say anything-”
This time Steve jumped on Tony for a real kiss, thankfully Tony caught him so he didn’t fall. Happy and safe in Tony’s strong arms.
Tony pulled back and checked around the bow, and sure enough he found the mer-tsum. The merman must have gone out of his way to bring back some of the salvage, and to push it up onto the beach like so. Tony patted the soft golden locks, the mer did not stir. His skin on his tail looked cracked and dry, his pale skin was pinking under the dying of the sun.
Steve popcorned around trying to hide his naked ass from Tony who was chortling behind his wrist. Dick still erect, and he winked at Steve.
He was very much in love with Steve, the smaller mer-tsum had been quite the lover. The last coupling Tony had got to be on top and took his time teasing the other. Describing his butt as cock hungry had done it for Steve who was surprisingly weak to dirty talk. Tony wasn’t even sure if land-tsums and mer-tsums could have babies. He patted his belly he kinda wished they could?
Tony groaned, Steve was saying such dirty things with such wholesome adoration. It went straight to his cock. He squirted out all over the beach, groaning because he could have cum into Steve but also as his fourth orgasm rocked into him.
“Whatever you two fought over, make up. Or I will kick you both off this team.” Natasha spoke coldly and sounded annoyed at the two idiots fighting on her team causing her and Hawkeye to be caught unaware in the middle of such a dangerous battle.
There was a really nice silky blanket with pouches and pockets for Falcon, it could be packed up into a tsum sized bag. Which was pretty impressive, Iron tsum had mentioned it was a travel blanket since Falcon often did solo travels. Also a huge tin of hot cocoa from Falcon’s mom complete with little tsum shaped mallows, they’d been over there recently on an errand for Sam. Cap was incredibly proud of his clever mate for that.
There was a snort and Steve hummed he liked when Tony whined his name. He kissed Tony's forehead, as Bucky snorted.
Followed by a special heater for the feet for Natasha who was always tucking her feet under people, or herself. There was also a blanket with her emblem on it, according to iron tsum it would glow under black light. Cap tsum wasn’t too sure why it would or why that was a feature but Natasha was usually the hardest to shop for, and the blanket was really cuddly.
Tony munched on the fish happily, letting Steve what he’d done. Wiggling his bum as he cleaned up the food remains and then he was being dragged back by his hips and his lacy things being pulled off. Steve was licking his ass, nub tugging at the plug. Tony pushed back, into Steve’s face letting that tongue lick up his musk and Steve’s cum.
Steve ducked his head and he was very naked. The sheets were warm though and he found himself reluctant to leave.
Tony had dropped only a shelf in the chaos but he’d watched in terror as Steve’s home was tossed and scattered. He watched Bucky take on the cat, and fall on to the floor. Probably with Peter, who was missing yet again. Eyes searching for Steve, there!
The ride came to a halt and Steve’s face narrowed off as he looked out at the waiting crowd. Tony heard a stifled ‘Rumlow’ and watched as Steve’s entire demeanor stiffened up. Like he was ready for an attack. Tony got off his animal and placed his hand on Steve’s knee jarring Steve out of his thoughts. Helping Steve down as the zebra stopped at the top of the loop.
Steve relaxed some and tentatively opened his butt up for a small breath and then Tony slid right in with a few effective wiggles.
Steve flushed again ducking his head, trying to sort his thoughts. It would be easier if Rumlow was already out of the picture. Tony smiled and led Steve off to the side away from the crowds.
Steve tugged on his hair frustrated Natasha of course because she had a vested interest in Bucky, Clint followed Natasha, and Sam followed Steve.
Steve had a terrible secret and wasn’t that new either, some months back one of the random magic users had zapped him, and besides from the minor disorientation nothing seems to have happened. The words something about love under a moon, or something asinine sort.
Unless of course there was a call to assemble. Which was how he missed one of his finals, but the school worked with him to reschedule because saying no you can’t retake the test because you were saving a school bus full of kids, just sounds bad. His team mates had even quizzed him during the battle, which cheered him up as this final was the ‘big one’.
Well she had her list, safety for her team, herself, the other boats, then her cargo. Stephanie could do that this wasn’t her maiden voyage after all. She was nearly done with the shaft of the dick and decided to check on all her systems just in case. Waiting was the worst.
Happy pointed along a narrow path that had his dryad magic, shimmering on the edges, along with flowers out of season. Tony rubbed his face with the rag, he was touched that happy had remembered his steam boat rant from a few years ago. He was glad to be given I direction to go to.
The fish was flirting with Steve, he did his best not to let the attention get to his head. The fish only wanted to live in his butt.
Well except when Pepper was cleaning up what every Clint had gotten into, the potted plant in the bathroom was changed out to a vase of marble flats. The one pink phone charger was chewed up, the occasional cup that Clint would get stuck in after shoving his face in. Pepper was perplexed why he kept doing it.
Stephanie was smitten, there was a very artistic way Tony was digging and the dirt was methodically put aside and flatten so she wasn’t burying herself. At one point she got in a fight with some wire or metal. Tugging it up to relieve the pressure on Stephanie’s bow, then patting the bulb with her claw.
It took several trips to the fridge, but they got the molds into the fridge all neat. Clean up was quick as Steve liked to keep everything close, he was only really messy with pastels. Tony helped clean as well, mostly he just lifted the stuff back to their storage places. It was worth it seeing Steve beam at him.
Tony had tears in his eyes. He reached towards Steve, but then pulled his hand back, blinking back the tears. Remembering another key detail, needing to get all the components of the issue laid bare.
Steve encountered Tony tucked in and covered under a half assed fortress of pillows. Tony looked to be sleeping but as Steve moved nearer.
A soft blush rose in his cheeks, as he closed his eyes. He could feel the slick fingers probing gently, He held still and opened his eyes. To see Bucky chasing a kiss from Tony who had one finger in him. It was unbearably hot, and Steve felt satisfaction when Tony placed his other hand on Bucky to push him away.
That devolved into a theoretical argument that if a tsum gave lots of birth and the little beans  sucked lots at the udders they would stretch and be just as long as the glove fingers, and twice as tender. Cap’s rebuttal was tsum’s didn’t even have nipples, much less udders, and who wouldn’t want to have so many beans. Iron tsum’s rebuttal won the too many bean argument, with the if they were spider beans less is fine, which Cap would have to agree to full stop.
Tony could feel the way the toy swelled around the egg and then it popped inside. His legs kicked in surprise and craned his head to look at Steve.
He could hear his mom chiding him in his head, he pulled his finger out of the pool and shook it off as he got up and started looking for seaweed that wasn’t too sun baked to make himself a way to hold the purple urchin. Then seek out his bully and get his coat back so he could enjoy the festival in peace.
Smacking noises and Bucky appeared looking very satisfied, He climbed on top and settled down pressing Tony to Steve’s chest.
A tiny red and gold excavator digging away at the canal wall right around were her bulbous bow ought to be. At first it was mere disbelief that the Suez canal had only sent one tiny little digger to help her out. She bargained a bit with herself surely they’d send out more to dig her out? A day in she realized that no this little dirt mover was the only one, so she watched it finding the way it delicately moved the tiny claw around her.
“You did kiss him on national television, Stark.” her words held no inflection, which was a bad sign, the cold words would have been preferred to the bland no inflection words.
Steve took a step closer, trying to identify that scent. Hoping that if he could suss it out it would help him figure out who he was dealing with.
Tony licked his lips, thinking of those blueberries they had gotten for Rhodey. Actually eating fruit and watching star trek seemed like a better idea every time he thought of it. Would have to ask Bruce politely for some candy apple wedges. Gotta sugar up his Steve, or have some high calorie fruit. Thinking on the best way to recover after their egg hiding.
“Don’t be silly! I’ve never seen a hobgoblin! You promised! How am I to enter this business contract if you don’t hold good to your words?”
Steve licked his fingers clean and pleased, Tony had given way. Cleaning up his hands he grabbed one of Tony’s hands. Tugging the other along, while smiling. He hadn’t figured out that harsh scent that was mixed with the earth on Tony but it didn’t matter now for he’d found another omega.
He offered a dirty rag that Tony had been using to clean the bronze with and the lady took it and wiped the ash off Tony’s face.
Bucky rubbed his metal nub soothingly on Rhodey’s back. His alpha’s armor retracted and he was given a grateful look as they both focused on Tony.
“That’s about right, So I made a lot of eggs. We still have more… I got carried away. Do you want them?”
“Now I am, don’t scare me like that. Heading to an early grave with two super soldiers.” Tony muttered the last part as he finished strapping on the harness.
Up top were the very rarely used pills and gels, the voltaren gel barely squeezed next to the anti inflammatory suppositories, hich had been a gag gift that pepper had kept because she might need them. Though she’d never needed them just the thought of using in one made her current pain seem not that bad. There was always something better than those. Their expiration date was coming up so she was ready for that.
He found Bruce in the communal room eating his traditional after battle meal of tea and roti with some sort of curry. It was the motions Bruce had confessed that just calmed him and the Hulk down not the taste. Tony squeezed the plush and came closer.
Steve ducked behind a car as one of the wrecking crew collided into it from a pot shot Iron Man had taken. Widow cursed on the coms. Steve pushed his way out of the crumpled car to rush off to her location. Clint was making a ruckus on the com as well, as his spot had been compromised.
Okay so the dick turned into an ass and right when Stephanie was worried about what to do next, her lot was called and she headed up to the canal. It was very narrow for a girl her size, not as narrow as a dry dock but that was apples and oranges. Dry docks were important and had to be narrow. The canal could be deeper or wider, surely the 100k for each boat could be put back into it? She could feel the ground brush up against her hull in some spots. It was very uncomfortable.
Tony hopped on to the skinny ledge, skittering over to the simple pinch lock on the cage and wiggling at it. FInally getting the pressure right to slide the door up. Steve was watching him with wide eyes, Tony wiggled back to the couch and wiggled around making a spot on the cushion near the back of the couch and arm rest to have more sides, for a warmer cuddle.
Sometimes they tried to talk to him, ask him questions or share their own stories, and it was easy for Tony to forget himself, forget what act of betrayal had led him there. So he was quick to switch machines or leave yoga class when the conversations started to focus too much on him. As far as he could tell, no one else knew who he was, and he was determined to keep it that way.
He hadn’t meant to make a noise and suddenly the iron man was there fingers prodding him in the cage.
Tony showed Steve the refurbished YMCA which wasn’t too far from the college incidentally. Together, they played some tennis matches and Steve was grateful that Tony could actually keep up after he warmed up. Their lunch dates were rather sporadic still as Steve was at school, or doing his veteran work, but at least now no one thought a missed date meant infidelity.
The new ferrets were checked out by the vet and true to Pepper’s word Natasha brought them by. Housed together they were a prickly pair of ferrets, Bruce realized that he may have to rearrange the housing area so they could be together while in view of Tony and Rhodey. They were up on the shots and he got notification that they have been neutered and their anal glands had long ago been removed.
His past was riddled with illness, it wasn’t until his mom moved out here that his sickness seemed to vanish. Though he would prefer the warmer water of their older home. It was just too polluted for his body to adjust to it. He could probably weave some seaweed into a mat and then use it like a sling. Thinking about getting Rumlow with the urchin made him feel better.
Rhodey got some fancy soft gloves that Cap tsum didn’t want to leave, the soft faux fur along with the minky it was just too cuddly. Find something else for warmachine these were his. Iron tsum didn’t take kindly to that. Rhodey often had wind chapped hands and these were the solution to that, and they had screen activated finger tips. There was also a comment that the fingers of the gloves looked like udders. Which was uncalled for they were too long to be tsum udders.
He opened his mouth and Steve obliged. Still red from his ears to his tummy, adorable. Tony rolled a bit to his side and gasped around the dick as the eggs shifted on it felt so good. His belly gurgles from the shift and Steve moans under Tony’s lips. As he pants and sucks at the dick, no need to articulate how he feels and yet his brain is trying to, and his tongue is whilst wrapped around Steve’s dick.
He privately vowed that once this whole thing was behind him, he’d renovate the YMCA again. He’d do it right, and he’d maybe even let Steve help, too. Steve would love this place, he found himself musing more than once. It just needed a little care and attention, and the whole center transformed. The people, too, were great, and grateful. So many veterans frequented the gym, women and men who had little to nothing but this place, and it filled him with a misty sort of happiness to know he’d helped give something back to those who needed it. But Tony had to be subtle, couldn’t let on that he had anything to do with the changes and updates to the community gym, and had to maintain his undercover guise if he wanted his own transformation to remain under wraps. Still, he cherished every compliment and praise he overheard from the other patrons.
Steve seemed happy enough to finally reunite, but also seemed distracted, even distant. All he offered to explain missing Tony’s homecoming was that he’d needed to see Sam.
Bucky grumbled as he headed off to the clearing. Steve watched him go happy that his friend really hadn’t changed much. Mostly bark with some bite but only for show of course, with Steve's new friends.
“Where are you in understanding?” Victor asked immediately through a thick accent. “Not a lot,” Steve admitted. “I did take geometry, but that was a while ago.”
Steve rubbed his face into Tony’s side, pushing under and flipping him. Tony wiggled and flex trying to right himself.
He waved the boy away, Steve had waddled to the front of the cage and the food smelt really good. He was expecting not to get any though. He had attacked the warlord of the iron clad clan. His eyes settled on the smoked salmon though, that was a treat even in the times of plenty.
“Ah, being tied up at port is more like BDSM, though it's not really fun. I guess I don’t mind being secured, snuggly, it's not bad and it does ease my mind. I don’t wake up in a random area. After a long voyage I do look forward to it, but most times I just want to travel and coming to a port is kind of a drag early on in a voyage.”
Steve rolled off Tony and the strange man swept out, closing the tent flap. Steve shivered, rubbing his arms and then Tony tossed the furs over him again. Tony settled back into the bed, and Steve was still touching himself making sure this wasn’t a fever dream he was back to normal again.
Oh she had a nickname now! Stephanie was sold, vessels nowadays were intimidated by her sheer size to be that familiar with her and yet Tony wasn’t even phased.
Steve sighed as Tony tucked him in, and they cuddled together. Steve pressed a chaste kiss to Tony’s scarred breast bone as his body went lax. He could feel Tony’s arms wrap around him and he felt safe once more.
Steve looked at a well dressed man at his right. There was a lady in his arms that Steve instantly recognized as the sylph known as Mrs Marvel. He tried to edge out of their way sensing he was probably out of place.
Bounding over to Tony who moved out of the choicest place tucked into the couch so Steve could have it. Tony ended up pushing Steve into the spot between the cushions and tucking him in, there was a bit of a feeble opposition. Though it seemed half hearted on Steve’s part. Tony easily won and draped himself over Steve.
Peggy was certain it was Steve, and of course when Steve woke up confused and naked. He acted very Steve like, first being angry then his reaction to being naked in front of Peggy. Turning a bright shade of red and trying to hide behind Bucky’s arm. Steve was saying “tsum tsum” any time he talked.
Already hatching a plan to change back he just needed to get on Tony’s butt. Then he could proclaim his love, as a man. It made sense as a tsum. Everything would work out in his favor, Tony seemed pretty upset that he was missing and in a tsum’s mind that made sense because Tony liked Steve.
“That is a perfect prank for Clint, and you know Bruce and Thor would eat them up regardless. Not so bad old man.”
Tony was the name of the warlord, he was smart in a crafty way. He liked to watch Steve, unfortunately. made it very hard for Steve to try and be nice, Tony would always know the way to cajole his temper out. So far his attempts to murder the warlord had failed he’d only managed to trip Tony when he’d gnawed through the rope that held his cage up. Then of course he weaponized the cage by rolling it, now it was held up with an iron chain.
Help from Clint wasn’t what Steve wanted but yet again it made sense to the tsum mind he had to make a grand gesture since Tony didn’t seem to think the snuggles and cuddles were anything other than Steve being lonely for human Steve. He was going to pounce that butt and become human after he had a bit of love for it.
Next year cap tsum would like to try and make all the gifts for everyone, but tsums were smaller and it was so much harder to make stuff when your hands were actually little nubs.
Tony frowned at the retreating back of Steve, he’d seen the man take a hit meant for him and wanted to make sure the other was okay. Steve was so good, Tony wasn’t sure if he’d ever be able to reach Steve’s level. Tony had it bad for Steve, that much he knew. He had wanted to invite Steve out for a date, or something maybe just a meal since Steve burned through most of his calories in a fight, Tony wanted to provide feeling inadequate in every other way at least he could foot the bill.
Steve frowned at the guest of honor's speech, brows furrowed he was certain the other was speaking another language. Defeated by the speech Steve was ready to admit Tony may be cheating on him, and while upset. He realized Tony was a genius and maybe he needed more stimulation than what Steve could offer.
Tony made haste towards the kitchen to bid goodbye to Jarvis and Ana, also to let them know not to leave the kitchen. The rag clenched in his fist as his thoughts were on the outside world he’d never really set foot off the property, it was exciting and a smidge scary.
Steve ducked as he felt a blush coming on. Tony was a smooth talker and he was already deeply in love with the garnet and gold pill.
Tony was silent the rage from before was mostly gone and Steve hadn’t been kicked out. So he hoped this was fine, he wanted nothing more than to please Tony.
“They have plenty of food, you won’t be eating that thin broth we make. Please Stevie just for the winter.”
Tony gripped his dick and stroked it a bit more while holding Steve’s gaze. He came hard and collapsed on the bed. Steve tugged the tent cloth over his face. His edict memory already memorizes Tony’s blissed out face, it was so intimate and Steve was torn on enjoying it or finding it shameful.
Steve’s cage was strung up on a wood pole next to a nice fur covered bed. It was so resplendent he calmed a little bit. The tent was warmer than outside, which had been very cold. In his rage he’d lost his only garment. He looked around trying to find a way to escape and the door to his cage was latched in such a way that he couldn’t get out. No they’d done him the dirty and put him in a simple tension locking cage he didn’t have the fingers to open it. He couldn’t even get his nubs to get that close together.
That was probably his first mistake, for suddenly he felt eyes upon him. Looking around didn’t do much as the feeling of being watched grew, Steve decided to head back to the group and that's when a slim skinny fish appeared. It looked like the same fish that was living in the new cucumber’s butts. Steve instinctively clamped his own butt shut.
Stephanie managed a soft giggle at the soggy Tony, not wanting to draw any attention to her or Tony.
The prosthetic slid in effortlessly and with a small beep started vibrating in a slow erratic pulse, Tony's face relaxed.
Steve had watched Tony’s speech on YouTube. It was about adapting the Chitauri weapons for cancer treatment. That was the gist, Tony had told Steve a number of times how it worked, something like the tech could recognize the owner and also decipher bad growth from good. That was of course after Dr. Banner had explained it for him and the team.
Tony flopped back, all the anxiety over the whole misunderstanding faded. The idea of Steve laying eggs in him remained.
Ana and Jarvis knew and were stocked up in the kitchen, Ana held out a paper bag that had oil stains and it smelt like potatoes.
Steve had to peek from his nubs and he was glad he did, to see Tony turning around wiggling his hips as he removed the red shiny fabric bits. Steve could now confirm that there was no pearl fish in Tony's butt, and the way Tony kept looking at his dick probably meant something real good. This would be Steve’s first time,  he rolled on to his back his burned skin was tingly and numb from the seaweed paste Tony had applied.
“It's more of a bond reassurance, marriage is a human thing, but I’d like you to come to as many of them as you like.”
Steve stumbled through some trees and his eyes widened, the forest was in bloom here, he crouched down to touch the petals on a bush. He’d heard of dryads but to see such pretty magic, so different from his own. He sniffed the flower, picking it and placing it on his ear. Standing up hoping to see the tree person that had worked true art into the little thicket.
“Stark is at the forefront, he uses maths on the edge of new. You would need several years, maybe more to be at his level. Would be better to just lift him up and take him to bed to win the argument with other means. He cannot think if brains are preoccupied.”
What was remarkable was the peasants left with furs, and goods while some like the red haired child waited off to the side. Steve was moving around again, alert, his blue eyes shined with determination as they drew closer to the makeshift throne. The man on the throne was decked out in fancy red and gold armor, his stature was shorter than his companion in the grey, but the armor made it hard to really tell. the man in a dark grey iron, held still and was impressive though he noticed the boots seemed to have a few inches on them; Bucky felt the grey one was far more intimidating than the one sitting. Steve only had eyes for the red one so he was probably wrong.
So Tony followed and when he arrived at Steve’s room the door was ajar and he knocked and stepped in, there was no response.
He’d lost a lot of weight being that potato for several weeks. He looked almost gaunt in the mirror, Tony had called him beautiful though, he felt a blush spread through his cheeks. It wasn’t the wind chapping them either. Apparently they were traveling back to get approval from Peggy to have a triad. Steve understood his friends were worried about him. Not that he said anything but he was actually relieved that they didn't let him go. He was only going to slow them down when he saw their plans, and he was able to advise them a bit.
Tony cried out as Steve licked away all thought. The hard spot between his nubs unfurled into a dick and Steve gave it a few teasing licks before bullying himself with Tony’s ass.
Three days later, when he could properly walk again without slumping practically in half, Tony woke early in the morning, slipped out of bed, and under the guise of a hoodie and sunglasses, bought himself a membership to the YMCA.
At least Rhodey would be around, not completely alone. That and when Rhodey’s kit was adopted the puzzle box would be open and they could do some fun tunneling and chewing up the walls. It was a great way to work off the stress of being level headed.
The vacuum package must be hard to talk through, he smiled though Tony was moving his case closer by rocking and nudging his package.
Tony did stay under Bucky in their little pyramid though, his armor slowly retracted and he sighed into Rhodey’s side soaking up as much of the affection he could from the beta up top. Bucky’s presence was very soothing when he wanted to be. Tony also knew that they had a date later in the day and he wasn’t going to mess it up for his platypus, and Bucky. He’d already been calling them James squared in his head.
It turned out that the lady whose talent he envied was the teacher, and Steve was pretty happy about being so close to her since he would certainly have questions. “For this class it's just an intro. I'm going to teach you how to do some basic edits and photo manipulations. We’ll have a bit of everything from color theory to design elements. My goal for you all at the end of the semester is to edit and manipulate an image of your choice. Even if it's making your dream car a different color with flames shooting out of it.”
Steve was wrapped like a child but Bucky could tell he loathed it. Fidgeting and the tone of his voice, Bucky had done his best at sewing up a sad looking white dress from their ruined tent. Steve accepted it, but it wasn’t the best. Bucky had forgotten arm holes at first. He’d attempted a diaper with thread like suspenders but Steve potato just didn’t have the shoulder for it.
Tony pranced in a circle his plan was fool proof the other ferret looked cold. Steve’s head perked up and he gave Tony a look.
But most frustrating of all, Tony couldn’t figure out why Steve was still so distant and gone when he needed him the most.
Christmas was upon the tower, and iron tsum was busy so busy cap tsum had only requested one thing. While Iron tsum was tickled pink with the request he had an idea that would melt cap tsum, which was a very hard thing to do alone.
It was easier to swim under the water but less efficient since he was dragging the star, but if he stopped moving the star would sink and die. Steve wouldn’t let that happen, he rolled the Star up on the beach as far as he could that didn’t beach himself. Wiggling back into the ocean he decided to get some food and the return to see if the star could fly again, maybe even offer some of the food to the star.
Ah! He should probably stop thinking about the land tsum curvaceous back side, he was now making even more drag. He cursed at his penis under the water out of everything he had, skinny, sickly, small, and a monster cock. Bucky had always made light of it, saying Steve was a “grower” as if. Steve felt his body poured all of its resources into his penis and skimped on everything else.
Steve pushed forward and licked at Tony’s seam tasting the chemical combination that was called strawberry, it was surprisingly good. Tony squirmed under him, Steve felt like he had power and pushed Tony up against a shiny pink marble flat.
“Tan. Tall. Wore glasses. He was wearing some sort of yellow sweater. But even under the knit, you could tell he was ripped.”
The plug was pulled free and tony felt his muscles flutter with the loss of the heavy plug. Steve slowly sheathed himself into Tony. He sighed relaxed as Steve’s dick pressed up against his pleasure spot.
Tony was iron man, the only Fae that could craft with iron thanks to his mother’s enchanted amulet that she and Howard had forged together. He missed her an awful lot, rubbing at the cool blue gem that was embedded in his chest. The latest weapon for Obie lay on the workbench, he liked his job but hated Obie. it sucked to be an omega hobgoblin, he had all of the cons and none of the pros. Well besides working with iron, but that seemed like a con under Obie that man was insatiable.
All it amounted to was a very stiff spot between his back nubs. He did his best to ignore it and eventually it went away.
Tony found the last part oddly specific but agreed. Steve nearly drug him out to the beach and seemed to calm down once in sight of the ocean. Steve twisted out of Tony’s grip and dove in, the waves shimmered in the dying sun. then a lovely whitish seal with little spots that were actually stars washed up.
It was all very unfair, for Steve in his entirety was a small shrimp like little cucumber with hardly anything but some white dimples on his back. No armor, no neat fleshy appendages that would make him look like one of those toxic sea slugs that scooted by occasionally. He was much too small to do much even the gut extrusion was barely a concern to predators at his current size, thankfully he was often too small to be considered much of a meal for the few predators that passed by. Not that it didn't stop him from cowering under the cowrie shells that Bucky had collected for that reason. He also didn’t have butt teeth, which he wasn’t sure why Bucky had them.
He crawled out of Steve’s sight and for a while Steve forgot about him, til Tony thrust into him to the hilt. Hands falling to Steve’s thighs eyes wide. Face flush and mouth open in quite little pants. He was quite adorable, Steve tried to move his hand to pat Tony but the jingle of the chains reminded him, he was trussed up.
Getting the sea urchin was the easy part, he scooped it up and wrapped it twice. Steve fastened it to his belt and sighed the hard part would be finding Rumlow during a festival. He could check the drinking booths and the ones with the pretty ladies but that seemed like half the festival. They were also the least interesting parts of the festival in Steve’s mind.
Clint made a loud gagging noise as he dramatically wretched over the sink. He looked at the cookie he’d swiped from the platter.
During the overhaul, Tony had to be careful to take the phone calls from Pepper about the project in private, which was particularly difficult since she called at all hours about it, and he grew worried that Steve might catch on to him sneaking off to take each call. Sometimes, in his haste to find somewhere quiet to talk, he’d run into another Avenger. He knew it only drew more attention to himself to immediately turn the other direction, or leave the room, but he couldn’t help it - for now, he had to keep the secret.
The people weren’t bad company, for the most part. There was a skeezy nuclear scientist who grew way too friendly after one night out at the bar, but everyone else was top of their field, and more well-mannered than Tony could pretend to be on his best day. He was still star struck from meeting Doctor Jones, the brilliant researcher behind harnessing the thermal conduction from exoplanet rotation, a truly mind blowing theory-turned-practice after a recent unexpected drone crash simultaneously lost decades-worth of data, and brought the key piece needed to prove the theory. Tony had indulged himself, spending as much of his time with the Doctor as possible, to the exclusion of most others. Still, in the end, he’d made friends, and expected that everyone would be thrilled about his triumphant return.
That's when Steve noticed the amount of scarring on the underside of the fish as it floated over him, looking quite contrite. Obviously the pearl fish didn’t think it was asking for much. Just asking for all of Steve’s dignity on a plate. Steve scrunched himself up, darting a look at the crack, maybe…
Tony wanted to snap at Steve, accusing him of being the one to forget, but ultimately, the judgement of the battle-weary team stopped him from laying into Steve. As he flew back to the tower, it all felt so much bigger than it had in the beginning. Maybe Steve’s betrayal did mean more than he was willing to admit, and maybe it was affecting him more than he realized that he still wasn’t anywhere near in shape enough to do the kinds of activities that Steve liked to do.
Tony turned and Steve launched himself, Tony’s butt was also a full moon according to Clint. Maybe that would work. He bounced off of it, and Tony whirled around, eyes confused as they landed on Steve who had landed on his back legs wiggling.
“I expect you to come back, Tony you are the master of this house. Also who would we dote on without you?”
He could smell the crab cooking, father up the beach. The tsum had mastered fire, and was staying away from the shore line. Steve slid back into the waves pushing his body back into the surf. Kicking his tail out as he dove under the waves and swam out to where the ship wreckage was. Maybe he could find something for the land tsum? Something that would make them less scared of him.
“His habits are changing, like, he’s carrying a backpack now, as if it’s the 90s? And, he’s going to bed earlier, he’s just so tired all the time. And, when I see him on his phone, or his computer, he gets a little shifty, like he’s hiding something, or someone.”
He tucked Tony into his chest more mindful of the tsums, as they were doing that humming thing and it was really relaxing. Also he didn’t want to accidentally squish any, lest they decided to do something terrible to him in his sleep. Tony sagged into Steve willingly as his eyes closed, Steve held him while the tsum hummed. This was better, he was still scolding himself but at least Tony had forgiven him.
Steve shifted, he was worried about Bucky, but if Peter was there. Well Peter had more floor experience than any of them, so Bucky was probably also safe.
Sleeping in turned out to be a good idea, Bucky came to visit them with Nat, who was seeking permission to travel with Sam and Bucky back to the howling commandos. Steve expressed his interest to go with them, Sma had brought up the pace they were traveling at. Bucky expressed his desire for Steve to stay.
Tony had gotten him shame full clothing, scanty bits of lace, with some sheer see through gauzy stuff that actually fit his potato body but it had been shameful. It was the stuff concubines would wear and he refused them. Tony had said they brought out his eyes, but then had followed up with wanting a concubine potato, instead of a prisoner of war potato. Steve had gotten so mad That he shook the cage on the chain once more, hissing and spitting at Tony.
Tony just stared at Steve, oh yeah he was speaking tsum, with the transformations Steve had become fluent in tsum something he hadn’t shared with Bruce’s 20 tsum or any of the team.
Tony wiggled a bit and Bucky moved off, behind them and with a quick maneuver Rody was stacked on Bucky’s back, Rhodey grinned from his perch waving as Bucky strutted off to their nest in the kitchen.
Tony came down the beach to dump the crab bits off and thank the mer-tsum for it. The meat had been sweet and filling. He paused upon the sight of the row boat and then dropping the crab shell raced toward it, excited this could be a chance to get back home! He found a tool box inside the boat's hull along with more wood, rope, and a tattered tarp.
Steve looked over the fried thing. It smelt like food, like festival food where it was fatty and aromatic but what was it?
“It's hard for me to explain but I feel safe and happy, not sure what Happy or Rhodey feel, as I’ve never asked it's kind of personal.”
Steve still wasn’t sure if he liked it but he didn’t mind eating it if Tony was going to watch him. Felt nice to have the complete undivided attention of someone.
The grey one laughed playfully when Steve asked hesitantly about the fish in butt. There was a clever looking crab riding on Rhodey’s back named Jarvis, who eagerly offered to the whole group of howling commandos, free skin cleaning.
Steve leaned back that was spoken with such anathema, brows crinkling he was sure on where it had come from.
Tony was his, the red witch would have to kill steve before he’d let them hurt Tony. The man’s eye brow rose as Steve spat his declarations of love out.
Despite the punishment, it was nearly impossible not to gripe or roll his eyes, and by the time they’d finished their run, Tony was beyond worn out.
Natasha was sitting quietly between them like some sort of referee; she said nothing and it spoke volumes. Her eyebrow would merely lift and that was all, it was terrible to be on the receiving end of it.
Tony chewed on the seaweed, spitting it out on the mer-stum’s back where the burn was the worst and spreading it around till it made a nice thick green paste. He placed some of it around the dorsal fin as well. Dipping himself into the pool to rub the rest of the stuff on the tail, Tony encountered the biggest dick he’d ever seen.
Helping humans to better understand ferrets, and helping ferrets past their traumas, his latest case Peter had blossomed under him, no longer the nervous twitching wreck when he came to the rescue. Tony was a bit upset as soon Peter would go to his forever home and Tony would be alone again till there was another rescue that would need his help.
Then charges the man on the throne, none of the attendants seem to mind this blatant attack on their leader. Steve bounces to the shiny red boot and attacks it with his mouth as if he can chew through iron.
Still, the secret was tough to keep from the familiar faces he saw each morning, and to keep from Pepper, who still asked occasionally about the renovation project she’d executed, and most of all, to keep from Steve.
Steve almost stamped his foot, mouth full of fritter that he’d decided halfway through he really liked. He wanted to ask Tony to the festival. He waved his free hand and finished chewing.
Tony got up and sure enough the tsum watched Tony’s behind the whole time till Tony was no longer visible. Natasha merely smiled and Bruce snorted at the cap tsum watching tony’s backside.
Which had been very good, Steve had been able to get a window spot so he could look at that trim fit red and yellow pill. Peter had called him Tony, Steve was utterly enamored by Tony. A real medication, and having scoped out Tony’s packaging. A real pill with flavoring! Steve rustled in his wrapper; they were somewhat similar. Steve was aware he was smaller, and his wrapper was messed up. He liked to think Tony was looking at him, that smooth, sleek, trim, twink, Toradol. What could the garnet and gold pill want from tiny Steve and his askew wrapper?
Steve of course wanted to introduce Bucky to his new friends but Tony gracefully beat him to the punch.
Steve managed to wringe out two more orgams from Tony, which only made Tony distantly think they were a perfect match coming so much in just a day and a half. Steve also carefully placed Tony’s red panties back on, and brought over his undersuit. The mer-tsum had noticed that Tony was turning a different color and had worried about the tan. The under suit really didn’t fit with Tony’s inflated tummy so he wore it but with the zipper unzipped.
Bruce wrung his hands, true he and Thor arrived near the end of the accords fiasco, Thor seemed to settle right in and Bruce seemed to have some hang ups about it, he was nervous around Natasha, and his relationship with Tony was also not great. Better than Steve’s though So Steve had been hoping for some insight.
Then of course light cleaning, thankfully Obie still had the house staff, well most of it. Jarvis and Ana were still around, probably because Ana’s cooking was hard to replace and Obie was particularly fond of eating, and showing off rich platters of exotic food. Tony just wanted some greasy home cooking, Ana’s double fried fritters were amazing but those were considered plebeian.
Steve apparently had been swimming in circles ‘looking for Bucky’, no tsum had dared mention that to Steve though. The second was Steve was now being pushed around by his friend in a tank on a dolly. Actually the second was Steve was preggy, he’d started showing signs of it within the week of acclimation. The mer-tsum had loudly declared that ‘Tony had made him round!’. Which turned out with clarification from Bucky had been one of Steve’s dreams in life to be a round fat mer-tsum.
It was true that Steve would love it and according to Iron tsum he could wrap his whole chest in it. Cap tsum wasn’t too sure about that, it may need to be a bit longer, human Cap had a really big chest.
Tony was not in bed in the morning, and Steve was a bit disappointed when he came in from his morning run. One of his favorite morning activities was waking Tony up and dragging him to the bath for a shared wash. Sleepy Tony was adorable, clingy, and not fully aware. Steve liked to carry the groggy cuddle bug into the warm shower where they’d eventually wash each other.
Rhodey didn’t need to say anything, his stifled laughter was all Tony needed to know he’d found hell on earth. Who would have guessed his favorite people in the world would have led him right to it?
Tony returned home from the Engineers of Tomorrow conference, jetlagged and jittery. It had been a fantastic experience, brimming with networking opportunities with every step he took - not that he particularly cared much about that, but SI’s Board of Directors would be thrilled, and the professional liaisons he’d secured would mean ultimately much less work for Pepper in the coming months.
Tony managed and then finally doubled down on finger Stephanie’s bulb. It was almost like getting painted except she was certain Tony wouldn’t just tease her and leave her all hot and bothered like the painters had. The brushes just hadn’t quite done it for her.
Tony pointed to a section of his round body that would bulge out when Steve thrusted into Tony. He touched the spot marveling at the feel of his own dick thumping against his nub.
“Bruce, we have the seizure there were ferrets and they aren’t really friendly at all. Natasha will bring them.”
Steve watched the ship lurch in the water and he swam farther away from it. He’d seen how these vessels went down. He wasn’t a confident swimmer like Bucky, so he gave the ship some room to sink. The Star however was propelled into the water with another mighty explosion. Steve dove for it, he knew star’s didn’t care for water. Spotting the red and gold shiny star under the water he swam to it banging his nubs on it trying to wake it up.
There was a flutter in Steve’s tummy and he sort of slumped into Tony as he came. Sliding foot to the side head bouncing on Tony’s filled belly. The pressure of Steve’s body colliding with his stuffed tummy set off a chain reaction and Tony experienced an orgasm. He swore he felt something leaking out of his ass but was unable to confirm.
The ears pricked up and Steve smothered a smile, surely they had heard him tromping through the forest?
Nothing was different until it was, every new moon Steve would transform. Into a small pill, a tsum tsum. It was terrible mostly because moving around as a tsum presented a whole slew of problems. He understood why most of them seemed content to stay on the bed, or be carried everywhere. Bouncing was hard work.
Deciding to answer what she thought was the question. The tugs quieted in their chatter and the Falcon responded
Steve let go of one hand and leaned up to place a kiss on Tony’s forehead, it was easier to get to with his head bowed like that.
“Tony please forgive me, I'm not going to go on anymore wild goose chases. You were right about that.”
Steve paused yes he really did, but not for his first time. He chewed on his lip and raised his gaze to meet Tony’s.
Tony compiled quickly as they kissed, the flavor of honey and strawberry mixed well, sweeting Tony’s flavor and giving Steve a bit of that tart punch. They broke apart and sighed into each other and then Tony wiggled up to rub his golden side against Steve’s bottom depression pushing away the wrapper gently.
They were conspiring against him! Steve arched back into Tony. In an attempt to escape Bucky’s mouth. It didn’t work; he was too well secured to the head board. He earned a slap to his thigh from Tony.
Bucky had chosen to be iced again and Steve ached for his best friend, so no he hadn’t been relaxed and easy to talk to. Maybe he'd been a bit too resistive of the new team dynamic where Tony and he were co leaders. He trusted Tony of course, with his life, he trusted the man to help Bucky even after he learned that Buck had killed his parents.
Surprisingly the same for his Trigonometry class, once he’d gotten to learn and memorize a lot of the jargon and theories. Victor had helped immensely with that, after they figured out that Steve’s best thinking was in the moment, movement. So they’d take the study to the gym. Actually first it had been outside with badminton, but that had attracted a lot of bystanders so they opted for racquetball in the gym, tucked away, out of sight as Victor drilled terms and equations and Steve did his best to apply the right terms and proofs to them.
The man smiled and Steve squinted he saw fangs. He looked back at his coat. The crowd roared and Steve’s attention was jerked back. Tony was standing with the hammer barely a sweat with Rumlow leaning on his knees panting.
Steve startled in surprise as Tony darted out of the crack and around to Steve’s back side. Though he didn’t dart into his butt thankfully. Steve looked back at the crack to see a massive grey sea cucumber squeeze out.
“He didn’t tell me he had a tsum, I found it on his bed with his uniform nearby and no sounds in the bathroom.”
Steve carefully stepped out of the cage and then slid off the ledge onto the floor. Tony watched as Steve inspected the dreaded peanut butter jar. Steve toppled it with a well placed kick and then made his way awkwardly over to Tony. Seemed Steve wasn’t used to carpet.
The pilot was very rude, his name was Brock Rumlow and he was loud, grouchy, and leaving crumbs everywhere. He was also being very condescending to some of Stephanie’s crew, thankfully captain Peggy and her team were capable. Brock was pretty much only ever with Coulson the “pretty things” as Brock put it were safely stationed far away. For Brock’s safety mostly.
The bucket moved to give a sort of tug, or a scrape at the top. Stephanie had been uncertain but, after the light scratch well no more she was riding high. It was the perfect amount of friction followed by another push, well Stephanie tooted her horn, startling Tony into almost falling into the shallow pit around her bow.
“Fitness is so important to Steve,” he explained. “I just can’t keep up with him, not when training for Avengers stuff, or even just if he wants to go for a morning jog. So I gave up trying a while ago, and now, he never asks me to do that kind of stuff any more. He’s cheating on me with some buff guy who probably loves that kind of shit. It has to be that. ”
All of the things in his mind, and Steve’s mounting questions made him defensive, and at times, mean. But the irony really was too much that Steve of all people should care about Tony’s secret activities, and Tony struggled to recall a time when he wasn’t irritated in Steve’s presence.
“Look Tony has been in our shared tent every other day asking about your favorite foods, and what you like to do when you have spare time. Steve, he's even accepted some of your tactics.”
That forever errant little red IBuprofen pill was chilling on a shelf. Pepper had long given up trying to rehome the pill in the bottle, she wasn’t too sure if it was the same pill. At this point she didn’t care, she’d plucked it off the ground too many times after trying to get the right dose from the bottle. It was a good luck charm at this point. May she always draw what she needs from the bottle and not spill everything on the floor.
Though it didn't seem like much of a difference when they both got 5 perfects, the crowd of course was loving it and soon it became things like axe throwing, and archery, weight lifting and then finally back to the hammer bell construct. The crowd was cheering for an endurance test. Steve tried to catch Tony’s eye but he was too far away for that.
Tony was a can of worms, their relationship had taken a terrible beating, mostly from Steve’s lack of communication, and Tony’s ability to infer something from nothing. Also Steve really dropped the ball on the whole Bucky killed your parents, Tony had hidden himself in the lab shortly after viewing it with Steve.
They spoke in a strange dialect and had many crates on their deck. Of course he recognized the guns, similar make and branding to the ones that had been used against the mer-tsums, reminding Steve that he should really be looking for Bucky. Shoulders slumping he didn’t even know where to go at this moment, even if Bucky was alive how would he find him?
Tony winked at Steve, who felt even more flush if that was possible and then the top bit of the red fabric was shed, and wrapped around his cock.
Steve shook himself off frustrated at his own body; it was too small waifish, he’d been swimming all day and endurance training but the moment he took off his coat he was a weak man. As a seal he had more appeal, complete with unique star spots. He kicked some sand on the inlet he just wanted to find his mate and they could swim away and not have to deal with the rest of this community.
Steve passed his classes with two As and a well-fought B. His final art project was basically a hot rod Iron Man, and his teacher had liked it so much she used it as her desktop background. Tony had liked it so much as well that he had it printed out on canvas and framed to hang in the workshop. His first choice was to display it in the gym, which Steve immediately shut down. That would have been embarrassing, mostly because Steve felt it wasn’t really finished but he didn’t have any more time to add all the things he initially wanted to.
Victor bridged the statement on how his partner had done something illicit with his tongue when he’d been working on his last thesis and took him to bed for a much needed rest. Steve of course had shrugged it off; he knew Tony was talking to that man in Europe. Why else would he dart away to take phone calls? Hiding and forgetting about Steve’s enhanced hearing. Sometimes it was Pepper but more frequently it seemed to be someone that Tony wanted to hide, so despite Victor’s confusing advice, Steve decided to keep his classes.
Steve launched himself at the intruder, mouth open to bite the exposed flesh. Only for him to hover in mid air caught in a spell. He hissed at the man as he wiggled in the spell's hold.
“Weights are that way, the machines that work are that way,” the receptionist gestured unenthusiastically. “There’re classes upstairs sometimes, and a lap pool downstairs. I’d stay out of the pool if I were you,” they added ominously.
“Er not on purpose I was under a contract. Hobgoblin rules, I don’t anymore. I want to make things like the carousel and steamboats. I uh apologize if anything I've made has hurt you and your family.”
Humans dumped junk in the water and some of the other Selkie were mean, he’d like to take his mom somewhere safe where she didn’t have to deal with the gossip; but also get a mate so she didn’t have to worry anymore. Steve had hoped he could find another Omega and work something out beneficial to them both, in Selkie omega/omega bonds were not unheard of, and he really liked the one folk story about the two female omegas bonding and becoming the currents.
Rhodey was chatting over the puzzle thing as Tony wiggled his little mits into it and disable the latch so they could eat all the liver without solving it. Normally Rhodey would be against this. It was clear to Tony that Rhodey was enamoured with this other ferret. Big dick energy sounded fascinating.
He squeezed at the line and Tony felt a few pop in and he wiggled it was a strange feeling but not bad. He rather liked the pressure, and the fullness. Like to think that this was what Steve would beg for during his heats. Maybe he should try that for Steve.
Stephanie resisted to bob a nod. She was massive compared to these little tugs and she didn’t want to needlessly endanger them when they were trying to help. Plus she wasn’t sure if she could even do that with her bow stuck.
Steve nodded and started searching for Rumlow. Tony tailed after them still holding hands and eventually after Steve spoke about Rumlow and how he was big and dumb Tony offered possible areas of the festival he’d seen that would interest the big self absorbed bully.
Obviously Tony had to see the other ferret who was being left out as well. The toy made a noise of complaint but the doors opened and the liver was free. Tony feasted upon the treats, Rhodey followed suit. And in the end they were napping together Rhodey spoke again.
Though when Steve asked he was rebuked, and Tony was being very defensive about his new morning habits. Steve realized that Tony was likely still cheating on him with that man from the conference, he’d been a European so the early morning disappearances would make sense with that time zone. Steve wanted to be happy that Tony was receiving mental stimulus as his foray into maths had been an eye opener. As much as he wanted to be the one that provided that stimulation it was apparent that he’d need several years of it before he could ever hope to converse at Tony’s level.
He can’t recall Steve ever mentioning having a tsum, feeling a bit out of place that Steve didn’t even trust him to mention having a tsum. Tony decided that this was a plushie, he picked it up, a weighted plushie, and held it to his chest as he went looking for Steve.
It was a grand plan that would fulfill Cap tsum’s list and Iron tsum’s list. As well as the rest of the avenger’s lists whether they knew it or not. Using the amex card Tony Stark had bequeathed iron tsum he tapped away on the computer. Doing his best to not look at cap tsum dancing and his plush butt bouncing.
Tony had a strange desire to stuff seal Steve into his pouch and head back to his manor for surely the wolves had torn everybody up by now. He could put Steve in the bathtub? Maybe he could have a workshop out here for boats and things and they could alternate on where to be. He patted Steve on the star spot between his eyes resisting the urge to say ‘good boy’ best not to anger the hefty seal form of Steve.
“If you need help please go to the math lab. They have some excellent tutors who can help you before you get too lost.”
Tony jumped the poker clattered into the fire and embers scattered along with a whirl of ash. His front was covered and his tattered pants burned.
Bucky of course spun a wild tail about preventing fish from living in his butt, because he could bite them with his butt teeth. Steve was pretty sure Bucky was pulling his skin, why would fish want to live in a sea cucumber’s butt? Though the way Bucky went on about fish they sounded kind of silly and not super smart. Maybe fish thought living in a sea cucumber's butt was exciting? He couldn't really comprehend why a free roaming fish would want to be tethered to the ground stick in some butt, it didn't make much sense.
Tony knew Steve was trying so hard to role play but he was also trying to ask at the same time if this was okay.
The festival was nice, but Steve was nicer. Then Steve stopped at something so magnificent. It was some sort of spinning structure with chairs of horses that moved up and down as the thing rotated. Tony knew what this was; he'd read it in the books! Steve seemed to be enthralled by the lights and the sounds. He bought tickets for a ride, and in exchange he pulled Steve along. Helping Steve get on top of a zebra, as Tony sat on some sort of hippo? It was something Tony wasn’t exactly sure what but it didn’t matter when the machine lurched into motion and Steve’s sudden gasp.
Steve froze, that sounded very sexual and he couldn’t stop thinking about himself on the floor kneeling in front of Tony.
“It's hard when he gets really riled up, but sounds like my feelings aren't as requited as I thought.”
“What about the computer?” he asked, voice cracking around the question. Steve smiled, he could answer that no problem.
Bucky had agreed to be in the triad, there were a few ground rules they went over. Certain terms were not allowed in the bedroom or really ever. Steve understood why Tony liked it that way. He probably understood it better than most with his own transformation. Bucky didn’t seem to mind any of it, sending eyes to both Steve and Tony.
“I was making art for you, and I wanted it to be a surprise.” He ducked his head, bashfully understanding why Tony had been so annoying when Steve had been using the laptop. Seems they both had miscommunicated terribly, and somehow, landed on the same wrong conclusion. Sam was right, and Steve was sure he’d have to admit it before anyone else did.
Tony’s deft little claw though, a whole nother beast. The little grooves in the bucket as they pressed up against the metal. Gliding along the side, Tony was touching her just right and still making it look like she was digging! The bucket pushed up against the bulbous bow, Tony made a noise at the effort of the push and she appreciated it. Truly felt very good as the excavator moved around to get the other side a similar treatment.
“Actually this is good. Victor will be your tutor, he’s brilliant with both, he tutored me in trig last semester.”
Though she had a duty now to deliver the important cargo, for Shield. First her job then maybe some fun? Actually she was having fun right now in the ocean drawing some illicit shapes in the water as she waited for her turn. Slightly dreading it as she’d overheard another boat talking about how the pilots in the canal were very misogynistic, and not great at their job.
In fact Steve wasn’t even supposed to be on land, but the draw of a festival had been too great. Steve thought maybe he could get a mate at it, they could watch the fireworks, maybe ride one of those sluggishly slow boats the humans seemed so fond of. He really hoped he could find someone that wouldn’t lock away his coat. Though he figured he could just not tell them he’s a Selkie.
So he did the next best thing and shuffled to the side of the cage that was furthest from the tent opening but facing the opening. As he pouted, he had tried to prove that he was just as useful now than ever but it seemed his demonstration had failed, and now he had no clue as to what happened to Bucky or Sam.
Steve wasn’t too sure about it but he did owe Tony, who had managed to get Bucky to come up from feeding no small task and it sounded like Tony had risked his tail too.
It was pretty exciting here the mecca of seafaring travel. Stephanie enjoyed the sights; she was probably one of the biggest ships now. The superserum had done that of course but now she really was the big vessel in the bunch. She would rather sail around the cape of Africa, see the sights, experience the world. Now that she could, she sighed as the cheetah vessel passed her by at a respectful distance.
For as much as Tony loved Rhodey, nothing could compare to how much he loved Steve, or the relief he felt over just how much they both got wrong. It would probably make a great story feather down the line, but for now he was just elated that Steve was still his.
Steve ducked and glanced at Tony to see him blushing almost as much as Steve was. He offered his hands to Bucky to help him secure the soft lambskin cuffs, reinforced of course.
Pepper would get that look on her face every time he mentioned Obie laying a hand on him. Or leering at him across the hall, the temperature would rise any time she got that look and Tony often found himself in awe but also a bit of fear. Fire birds could royally mess up anybody man or Fae, he wasn’t sure how Happy managed.
“Why are you hanging around that man who could bench me while wearing the suit Steve? Why haven’t we had a lunch date in forever?”
Natasha, looking annoyed, jabbed Tony in the side with menacing force. For once though her ire was focused on Tony and not Steve. Steve might have laughed, if the situation wasn’t still so tense.
Steve rubbed Tony’s knuckles with his hand. That was the closest thing he’d get to talking about Tony’s little episode and he was fine with that.
Pepper was sitting, her friend Natasha’s cat that bore the strange name of Clint. Natasha had instructions which included cat/toddler proofing the entire house. The cat was a tuxedo cat, Pepper hoped that meant it was easier to clean up after only having black or white fur. Luckily it seemed Clint prefered to hide, and their paths never really crossed.
The tugs were interesting, Stephanie could hear the benny hill theme playing as they chugged around trying to figure out the best way to unstick the massively stuck Stephanie. She was certain that it was Capt. Peggy being amused by the whole thing. There were two rauchy tugs on her port side making all sorts of comments. One seemed in awe of how stuck she was and the other was just ribbing the other for not being able to move her.
The pants he found under the wood that had made the table, there was an odd lump in the one leg and as he lifted it a potato rolled out. Bucky frowned and tossed the pants off to the side, crouching over the potato. Why would Stevie have a potato in his pants. Poking the thing in question and seeing it roll over, it had a face.
“He’s really cool, Tones has this big dick energy about him. He is worried about Steve the other one. They came from a lab. You should have seen him with the shag carpet.”
Maybe he had loved Bucky that way a long time ago, but that had faded before Steve himself had known the difference between loves. He dipped his finger into the pool, if he had his coat he’d be able to scoop the urchin out. No coat he’d need a net or something to keep the spines from his skin. Would probably give him a rash, but still best not risk it.
They arrive at the clan quicker than expected, maybe even the northern blood preferred to be far from the mountains during the winter. There was a line of people, paying homage it seemed or air complaints. Bucky and Sam took up the end of it. Most of the people in the line didn’t look related; there were some wearing green robes that reminded Bucky of the healers and druids of the middle forest kingdoms, there was a child with red hair near the front pleading to be part of the clan, and clearly peasants with their drab brown cloths and gnarled faces.
So it left him to slink out of the warm bed he shared with his super soldier boyfriend at an insane hour, dressed as if he was hiding something - which he was, technically, but just not something as big as what Steve was hiding.
It wasn’t as easy this way with his tail, but it worked for now. Tony stirred under him, the nubs were moving in a slow movement like he was trying to walk. Steve patted Tony’s face, petting the beard it was nice, when they kissed it made a tingly feeling along Steve’s cheeks.
Dr. Banner paced his kitchen while on the phone listening to Pepper’s accounts of the animals seized from a local lab, AIM or something.
Tony surreptitiously knocked some dirt back into the water to make a little land bridge to the bulb. And patted it as she basked in their orgasm.
Tony looked blankly at Steve, and Steve realized the way Tony was packaged meant he was never really close to anyone. Steve felt his little crystalized heart go out to Tony.
Steve desired to tell her to shut up, as Tony was his. He wiggled his fingers, nervous Rumlow had always been strong but Tony was an unknown.
Steve waited at the door and it was opened up, Tony offered a palm which held him carefully. The bed was much nicer than his cage. Tony lifted up the sheets offering a spot next to him but Steve curled up on the pillow next to Tony. He’d seen the other toss and turn in sleep and decided he wanted a good night’s rest. He didn’t want to be squished at this time. Tony tucked a fur around him and then settled into the bed.
In Steve’s case a tank and being fed for the rest of his life sounded ideal. He was so very small for a southern right whale mer-tsum. He was still about the same size he was when he was prematurely weaned from his mother. He didn’t really have a pod, bucky had gone off long ago to do some fighting for the mer-war. He never returned, Steve really didn’t have anything else so when Bucky failed to return the first year, then the second, and finally the third Steve decided to go look for him.
Steve cried out as the silver part of the wrapper obscured his view of Tony. He pushed Bucky away, trying his best not to scream at his jerk of a brother. Bucky was playing with him of course and as he pushed Bucky would wiggle in a way to obscure Tony with another part of his bulky body.
Something cool and moist rubbed along Tony’s crease and then dipped in, Steve rubbed one of his cheeks and Tony focused on his breathing and eventually it slid deeper into his ass with hardly any resistance. It had been hard at first to allow for that his alpha instincts had reared up, but seeing Steve all flushed and focused down there, with his tongue poking out. Really gave Tony the fortification to push through.
Steve was surprised but at the same time not when he opened the room and his vision let him know something was moving on Tony’s bed. The lights flickered on and it was just a smack of Tsums, or a group Steve wasn’t certain of the correct word but it looked like Tony had added more friends to his tsum collection. They were mostly cap tsums with a few iron tsums and a single orange tsum that seemed to wink in and out. It looked remarkably like JARVIS’ mainframe.
Steve looked over the pamphlet Tony had left behind and the guest speakers had listed Tony Stark as one of the main speakers but just under another name, not the guest of honor. No, that was another person, the recent Nobel Prize winner for something that sounded vaguely like it was from Star Trek. Tony had excitedly told him about it and Steve later had looked up the words like orthogonal, hypercube, and many other words, and well, he had more questions at this point. It didn’t matter that he didn’t understand Tony was really giddy and that sort of mood was really infectious.
But Tony couldn’t give up on what he’d started. Steve meant too much to him, and he couldn’t give up without a fight.
Mid level was the prescriptions, stronger doses, and of course throat lozenges. Two different brands, citrus punch and the normal honey flavored ones, she’d been using the citrus ones lately. As they had an expiration date, they also reminded her of summer. So the honey ones were pushed up against the garish red and yellow prescription pills that she got. The ones that taste of artificial strawberry, that require a full tummy of food and sometimes make her drowsy. They worked very well but the side effect was problematic. She had to plan when she could take that pill, and thus there were quite a few left.
So it was a secret but it wasn’t a terrible one, well not as terrible as why the ironman plushie reeked of mint. It just made life a bit hard, things had to be planned around the new moon. At least he didn’t have to to worry about the connotations of the full moon, how was he to say he was a weretsum? That notion alone would probably kill Clint.
“You aren’t in the bed in the morning, in fact, every morning you are gone. Then you try to hide your calls to that guest of honor, speaker from your conference. I have enhanced hearing Tony! You suck at being sneaky.” Steve deflated in on himself, frustrated with the information. Why was Tony sure he was breaking up with him?
“I wanted to impress you so I took some math courses and none of it was in English so I needed a tutor. So, no, I couldn’t ask you...shh. Look, I love you loads but your explanations never make any sense. Victor and I have figured out the best way I learn, and as much as I love listening to you, I wouldn’t learn much besides how incompetent I am at understanding your world.”
Steve was bouncing himself on Tony’s dick it was smaller but Steve thought it was the perfect size. Tony was still in a fugue, so Steve had plugged him up and taken his turn on Tony’s still hard cock. He patted his concave tummy thinking about it being as filled and round as Tony’s made him very happy.
Tony offered the coat up shyly, his face reddish as he helped Steve into the coat. Steve was ignoring his own blush as Tony fixed the coat.
Tony was itching to escape his steed and try to figure out the working bits of the carousel, but with Steve there he was able to squash it. Plus he figured he could always take a look after the festival, something so grand would take some time to pack up. The soft yellow lights were a mimicry of fireflies but it held enough wonder to make Steve look like a fairy of some sort.
He needed to get a tracking device installed on Steve, the patriotic turtle was way too quick. Where could he be?
“You don’t, that's why you don’t enter into it, I am unwilling to enter another prank war. On your own.”
He would investigate that idea later, he could see Steve. He waved his nub as he waddled closer to the surf. He was wearing his silk panties because they did things to Steve, and he wasn’t above tempting fate. Steve had food of course fish, and Tony showed him how to make the fire. Steve was a quick study with learning.
Bucky stared sadly at the tent he and Steve had shared it was torn to shreds, his heart thudding as he called out for his dear friend. Hoping against all odds their tiny tactician hadn’t been in the path of the red witch’s spell. He cast aside the maps and the shredded well loved books as he called for Steve.
The whole thing made him sick. He’d traded quiet, restful moments in bed and exchanging moans with Steve for silent mornings alone, surrounded by the clanking sounds of metal and unsexy groans from strangers.
Eventually Steve shook off his post orgasm hase and tugged the cuddle sock over them as they nested against Tony’s expanded tummy. Occasionally kneading his nubs on Tony’s belly, and there would be a rush of wet between Tony’s legs and Steve would chuckle.
Scheduling back-to-back math classes had been a terrible mistake. If there was any consolation it was that the first class’ gobble gook made more sense than the second’s.
Tony excitedly shared with Steve some of the highlights from his trip, but then Steve abruptly informed Tony that he needed to attend to something.
“You can’t run to Timbuktu and back as a warm up! I had my warm up the second I had to step out of the temperature-controlled sports car. Rhodey, seriously, you can’t tell me there’s more!”
Tony curiously looked out the window to try to catch a glimpse of which way Steve was headed, but only noticed that he had taken off in a run. It didn’t look to Tony as if Steve really was going to attend to something, but rather, it just looked like a man out for a jog, headed toward the community tennis courts.
They’d still managed a few scenes, he folded the magazine again annoyed thinking about it just made him hard. Rubbing one out wasn’t as good as Peggy riding him. It was never as good, even when He and Buck did the hand jobs that were better but still not quite as good as Peggy pegging him. This thinking would get him nowhere he huffed testily and decided a nice cold shower would work, along with thinking up some new training exercises.
“If he cheated, which, we don’t know if he did, but if he did, maybe you shouldn’t put up with it.” “I’ve got to win him back.” He repeated firmly. “If he strayed, it’s my fault.”
Tony was limber and pretty, anyone that came to the rescue was inevitably drawn to his pen and coo over him and his luxurious cinnamon coat. Rhodey was a chocolate solid and would also get just as many coos but he didn’t get picked up as often. Which Tony was low key jealous over, he would honestly prefer not to be picked up but it was part of his job.
“Can you swim into that crack there to the bottom and see if you see anything that looks like a dead sea cucumber or any evidence of a sea cucumber? I lost my friend down there and I can’t fit.”
Steve was pretty envious, but she seemed to know what she was doing and he didn't. They had a simple syllabus written in English, which was a relief to finally understand something, even if he still felt a bit inadequate.
“Do the cookies, and then you can stop. We already have a Clint, the world doesn’t need another one.”
Steve rolled into Tony grinding himself down on Tony’s bubus end, his whole body tingled and shuddered as his vision hazed out. The face that Tony was making at him seared into his mind as the grey edges over took his vision. He could hear Tony call out his name and then settle up against him
There was no way he as a tiny sea cucumber could make that journey, what if he got wedged somewhere and stuck? without Bucky he was near useless; he’d need to bulk up. So he moved from his home and traveled the reef looking for better foods, while working on his core body strength Doing lots of stretches and curls as he came to probably his favorite place on the reef. Soft sand, and it had some of the best food too.
Tony opened up the brown bag and fished out the last fitter to Steve who looked to be starving based on how thin he was. Tony was smitten, Steve had taken his breath away and as the other inched closer the scent of the ocean overwhelmed Tony, Steve’s eyes were the epitome of water. Tony had it bad, and he found himself not caring.
The comandos agreed that no one here could do anything for Steve, and they would carry out the pincer maneuver, in honor of Steve. Peggy suggested that Bucky along with Sam would take Steve to the far north where the Iron clad clan was. For they had a mage, and there were tales of them helping outsiders, it would do no harm to ask. Bucky was given spiced mead to take as a gift, as well as a few trinkets and herbs that couldn’t survive in the northern climate.
Now Bucky was in fact alive but still deep in the hydra brainwashing, and while he’d chased his friends around the globe, perhaps Tony had been right about Bucky just not being ready for the reunion to happen. Steve closed the magazine the image had been an ad for something, probably shoes. He hated that it was essentially that song Clint would quote about ‘getting so far but in the end it didn't even matter’.
Steve blushed and bent down to kiss Tony and Clint made a gagging noise, and Steve found he didn’t care that the prank war was over.
Steve pushed on him till he got the general idea and helped adjust so he was propped up. Steve did that adorable whole body wiggle when he got excited. Bending down to lap at Tony’s entrance.
“Oh well it's easier to learn when you have the same tutor. I just want to know so we can book you with the same one. It's easier on us too. You have trig and differential... wow that's a mix.”
He lifts up his hands cupped around Steve. Offering it to them, Steve is nipping his fingers agitated by Bucky's hold. Bucky shows off the smallest and angriest of tsums. The warlord's head tilts as if interested.
He stirred when cool air brushed his side. Brows furrowing in his sleep why was he cold? Steve was not here? Eyes blinking open the nest was empty and the snuggle sock sagged loosely around him. Tony tumped his nub into the linens of the nest frustrated.
Steve licked his lips, and Tony’s eyes followed his tongue. Steve was thinking about kissing him so he could be the awakened beauty or something.
“I..what?” Stephanie was sure the question was directed at her but she wasn’t sure what was being asked.
There was that light dusting of the blush and Steve lifted something up the eggs. In a funnel and down they went.
They would sail off into the sunset when Stephenie wasn’t stuck. For now she was satiated a lot of stress from being lodged in the tiny canal had been dissipated, and with Tony by her side Stephanie could probably take on the world, but first the Suez canal.
Only Selkie but Steve didn’t know that. Steve lunged at Tony bobbling on the land as he made an attempt for Tony’s lap.
Well until he didn’t one of the pranks hit Tony instead, the old water bucket on top of the door. Tony was soaked, and looked to be having trouble breathing. Steve helped Tony off the floor worried that the bucket had concussed him, Tony fought back aggressively, while gasping and making some god awful wheezing noises.
He sounded close by so Tony wiggled out of the snuggle sock, and tucked it into the side of their nest. He was very close to pacing around when Steve’s cheery face poked over the rim. He was wearing bunny ears and tugging a tiny basket.
Bruce offered the soft plaint tsum back, it was very healthy so if Steve did have one he wasn’t too worried, though all evidence pointed to this being Steve so he wasn’t sure.
Tony was half in Steve’s wrapper when he came too, Steve tugged it back on. Pulling it around Tony as best he could. He licked at Tony a bit and was rewarded with a grin.
Tony patted the parts of Steve he could find with his nubs to reassure himself that Steve was fine. He ass was twitchy, and it felt cool and moist so he assumed that the pressure had budged the toy a bit.
The two tugs were kinda comical, they'd already figured out pushing wasn’t really working but they didn’t give up and Stephanie found that admirable.
“I’ve seen him hanging around with Sam a lot.” Rhodey didn’t interrupt, so Tony continued. “He’s been breaking our standing lunch dates, which, ok, I’ll admit, maybe it’s a little co-dependent to eat lunch with your boyfriend every day, but he’s not telling me why he’s just not showing up any more. He says he’ll be there, then doesn’t show, and when I ask him why, he just changes the subject.”
By the time their session was done Steve felt much better about Trigonometry, and felt he could at least read the syllabus of the other class at least. Apparently Victor was a very good tutor, and Steve was starting to look forward to studying closely with the man.
“I don’t need help with public speaking.” Steve smirked and then ducked as a couch cushion sailed past. Sam looked incensed at first but his face slowly morphed into a smile.
She winked at him and he carefully turned around to put the fire poker away without catching himself on fire this time.
His stomach churns, but he can't help but smile, and he runs out to meet Pepper and tell him he's determined to speak to Steve once and for all.
"I have only been here a short time, Tony; and circumstances haven't allowed me to meet all of you precisely in a café, but I can see that the Captain isn't the kind of person who doesn't forgive."
The guy approaches them, carrying a face of few friends that would manage to drive away their hunger, but he's also incredibly handsome and yes, he has the most beautiful eyelashes Steve has ever seen.
"Yeah, I... it was kind of silly, sorry." Steve runs his hand behind the nape of his neck and scratches his head nervously, closes the door behind him, is ready to leave, but returns on his feet and turns to Tony, who's still standing there staring at the floor like an idiot. "Sorry, I was going out looking for you ... I need to talk to you."
"A sandwich and a ... children's juice, please." Steve has to look away so he doesn't end up blushing more and just hides behind the menu.
"But I already served you a plate." Steve says looking at the fourth plate on the bar with a pout. Wade blushes and bites his lip somewhat embarrassed at causing trouble, Peter insisting that he should stay for the night.
"You did a lot, Steve. I have not seen him so motivated and confident since he met Rhodey." She takes his two hands. "Of course with you is another kind of hope. I know he's in love and I think I'm almost certain that you reciprocate, but even if you don't ... thanks for giving him back a bit, I was thinking I'd lose him at any moment."
"I also want to keep my food in that thing." Peter points to the cardboard in his father's hand. Steve denies and tells him that he should sit down for dinner. "Bye, Wade."
"It wasn't me who abandoned the other." Tony is staring at her, he knows he can cry at any moment so he gets up and walks towards the exit with a lump in his throat that has been there since Steve left.
He tried standing on his tippy toes to no avail, the crowd pressed in and a voice to smooth to be human caught his attention.
Steve stilled in his fight his momentum made him do another rotation in mid air but Tony didn’t seem to think this man was a threat.
Tony sputtered around a bite of the crab, Steve smiled back, face all flushed. He looked a bit ethereal with the oceans waves lapping at his sides.
Tony wiggled his butt up against Steve’s cock, rubbing the crack against his head like a tease. Tony did a wiggle and lifted a leg and Steve’s dick slid in with ease. It was tight and warm, Steve bucked up and Tony wiggled down. Tony’s face was pink and his beans hung around his face, Steve curled up to kiss that face thinking the beard would be soft. It wasn’t as soft as the algae, but it did have a nice texture.
Sure, there was the state of the art gym he’d designed at SI for employees and their families to use. There was also the gym-of-the-future he’d designed for the Avengers, with specific intention to suit each one of them, that he never used. There was also an abundance of exercise facilities in the countless covert SHIELD stations dotted across the eastern seaboard.
Steve was happy to see Peter, he’d recently fallen off the shelf and Steve had worried he’d been shattered but nope Peter was in one piece and on a roll. Steve settled slightly under Bucky, his brother’s wrapper was two different colors. Bucky was sleeping again, there had been a bit of a midnight party in the citrus bag so there had been a lot of shuffling around near morning.
Tony managed to land a hard hit on Steve’s jaw, Steve pulled back releasing Tony who crumpled to the ground still fighting and his eyes were unfocused and manic. Oh gods what had Steve done! He wanted to get a towel but at the same time he couldn’t leave Tony like this on the floor. Not where anyone could walk in.
He could feel the pressure on his inner sphincter ring, was this how Steve felt when he knotted him? It was borderline unpleasant, until Steve pushed the toy further in and it popped over the muscle lip and right into his prostate.
Ok, so, as much as Tony loved Rhodey, he really hated to admit that he was right. He should have talked to Steve in the first place. And eventually, when he explained the whole story to Rhodey, he told him as much, just because he loved him.
Steve relaxed under Tony, he could feel Bucky’s eyes but didn’t care as he hovered closer to subspace. It was always so easy to go under with Tony. Steve never really thought about it, till now. It was mostly trust, he trusted Tony unequivocally. Same with Bucky back then but there was always the fear of being found out, that wasn’t prevalent anymore.
Steve waited till Tony was done and just held him in an embrace, his Tony was brilliant, generous, and always ready to demean himself. That part had been hard Steve could sing praises to Tony all day and the man wouldn’t take them at face value.
Tony darted closer to Steve, he was a pretty fish, well not that Steve could judge fish fairly since he thought most of them were dumb.
Steve paused, opened his mouth, closed it, and looked at Natasha. He could hear Sam’s words ring in the back of his head. He probably should have asked before all of this got out of hand.
Steve was pleased that their morning routine resumed. Sleepy cuddly Tony was the best and now he could worship the gains Tony had made in the gym, to the point of turning Tony as red as a tomato, sputtering about ‘it not being enough.’ But despite Tony’s insecurity, it was more than enough for Steve. It moved Steve that Tony would wake up early and do one of the few things he hated, a physical work out. A physical work out with grammar, while Steve was working on his math. Then they would shower while mostly keeping their hands off each other, have lunch and then go their separate ways.
“No, it feels really good. I can hardly wait for later sex. Where you have me under you on the surf and you fuck the life back into me.”
He could live with being wrong, if it meant that he still loved Steve, and Steve still loved him. --
The sun hadn’t even warmed the earth before Tony regretted his course of action. Rhodey’s guys were energetic, athletic, and encouraging in a sarcastic sort of way, which was just Tony’s style, but without the armor, Tony struggled to keep up, despite the men informing him every other second that they were “taking it easy.”
Bruce asked the floppy tsum in his arms, the tsum was unresponsive, but that was mostly due to being squeezed so much, seems to trigger a sort of feel good fugue. Bruce wondered if Tony knew he essentially gave the tsum an orgasm.
“Yeah, well, I hope this works out. Steve, if it doesn’t, just ask Tony, promise me? I think you may be overthinking this.”
Steve lifted the side of the trailer that had pinned Black Widow down. She gave him a dirty look but launched into action. Their normal team banter was gone and Steve wasn’t doing very well with containing how upset he was at Tony for not going to help Clint the first time he instructed him to do so.
Steve is trapped in a bird cage which he thoroughly rejects with his entire being. Rattling it while hissing and spitting, at the ginger haired boy, who was instructed to take Steve somewhere.
The mer-tsum offered a crab hesitantly. Tony shrugged and carefully accepted the crab and trotted off to his armor to cook it. Trying to keep some distance away from the cute mer-tsum. Who was now inspecting his under suit, with great curiosity.
The toy wiggled a bit and the cuff was inflated just a tad more, and then Steve was patting his face.
Tony offered hesitantly. Steve opened his mouth and waited. Tony got the message and fed him some salmon, and Steve fed Tony a fig.
Tony knelt down unsure if this was Steve till it looked at him and flexed its body making him look like a seal banana.
He’d been told time and time again not to follow the ships and yet here Steve was following in the wake of a ship, it was easier he thought to swim in front of the boat but, it was also easier to be spotted and he did get tired quickly as well. Rumors that the land tsum would hunt a mer-tsum down. Harpoon them and do terrible things, anything from leaving them trapped in tiny tanks to carving them up into very small pieces for unspecified reasons.
“No, the remote did shock him, but he still tries to take it apart, I think he’s afraid of the peanut butter jar.”
“Steve, you attacked the warlord, everyone saw. Please Steve only for a few more days. It's a good farce, you’re safe and it follows their bylaws”
Tony watched the prepping, at his side was Rhodey and Bucky were also watching Cap tsum go to town with the Easter festivities. Rhodey shrugged and patted Tony on his armored flank offering condolences to losing the argument.
“Makes sense,” Steve said, a bit surprised. It did in a sorta obtuse way. At least the photographic memory would help in this part. The differential equation was just them going over the terms and Victor explaining it with bizarre but helpful analogies. So far government cheese was his favorite one.
Which was why she was currently drawing a huge and a bit sloppy dick, trying to work off the anticipation of dealing with the rude and uncouth pilots. Didn’t make sense that she’d have to pay about 100k just to have access to this route and have to deal with general incompetence from the pilots on top of the hefty fine.
Cint snarked from the kitchen, over the noise of corn popping violently. Steve knelt down in front of Tony who was tucked tightly into the couch. It looked very much like Clint’s work, he’d once been tucked in and it had so nice Steve hadn’t wanted to leave.
The tugs had gone back to their hub and Stephanie felt like the time was right, the sun was starting to set and the mood was good between them.
Tony had just watched him with those penetrating eyes of his. However, to make up for it the next day the cage was furnished with its own soft rabbit pelt in the bottom. Which made sleeping easier, certainly warmer. The blisters on his nubs from rubbing against the metal bottom had finally healed too. He’d finally caved to eating food from Tony’s fingers, only nipping in warning when he felt Tony was teasing him.
Tony folded his arms. It was pretty intimidating except Steve was struck with how much he wanted to kiss Tony, which didn’t help.
“I was researching, and found it and it reminded me of Peggy. It's not what you think, please hear me out?”
“I enrolled in a college and I am taking classes,” Steve said slowly. “I have an art project. I also didn’t want you to make fun of me for not knowing stuff.”
Bucky had left after giving Steve one of the bacon wrapped figs he’d picked up from lunch. Oh and dropping that bombshell that Tony could somewhat understand him. Made a strange sort of sense, he tried his best not to think about Tony liking him and what Tony looked like after an orgasm. It didn’t work out and he had the stiff spot between his back nubs to content with.
“Good that will make trig easy, there is some stuff you need to memorize and not question. Is like multiplying by zero is always zero but no question why is zero, is zero? Proofs will prove why triangle is triangle but no need to think past why it is triangle. That is another class.”
“Figure it out Steve,” Bruce whispered as he made haste to the Hulk room. The color on the back of his neck turned a deeper green as he retreated.
Tony had tried his best to establish the timeline, but he often derailed off topic. So all Steve had managed to gather was there had been a terrible accident and from it a new discovery of some sort. Tony was rather excited to meet this person, Steve hadn’t thought much of it but now he wasn’t sure. The tablet held a picture of Tony with that adorable sparkle he gets in his eyes when he’s amused. In a selfie with the other man, they were cheek to cheek.
Turning around in the tiny confines of the cabinet spilled the rest of that shelf out onto the counter. The throat lozenges scattered across the granite, and Clint went for one of the blogger ones batting it off the ledge and watching. Leaning over the ledge, tail flicking, like some savage beast.
Tony nodded his own nubs patting his gently at his swelling belly. He could take the rest for Steve, he could do it. He already felt really good and warm.
Instead of Steve spending his time volunteering with the veterans’ support group, he was waking up early for his run, washing hastily, and then heading to school, taking along with him some of the supplies Tony had gotten him long ago. He was eager to learn some math, well at least until about 30 minutes after the thin syllabuses were handed out. There were so many terms and acronyms and already none of it made a lot of sense. He wasn’t sure if the professor was still speaking English, and they were just going over the syllabus too.
But as his motivation grew, the equipment failed, and Tony quickly reached the limits of the community-run gym.
“I haven’t been this tired before sunrise since I was living in West Hollywood. Thanks for the work out, I guess I’ll see you next week.” He tried to leave when Rhodey started laughing, followed by the rest of the group.
The excavator unearthed some of Stephanie’s bulb. From what she could see of her draft lines, ment she was definitely run aground under too. It shouldn't be that exposed. The claw patted the metal bulb.
He’d never dared to venture down the crack though and by the time he felt he was strong enough he was much too big to enter. So he moved back to the area that had more of that pristine white sand but was close to his and Bucky’s old pad in hopes that if Buck was still alive he’d come back there eventually.
Tony shuddered a bit as he meandered away into a large room with tired machines and wonky gym equipment that looked like the rejects from a series of dubious 80s infomercials.
Bucky lurched towards Tony grumbling about nipping that tail off. Tony darts away smirking as he wiggles around the Bucky with ease.
Steve managed to respond but nearly breathless and not very articulate. Tony climbed precariously on top facing away. Giving Steve’s dick one a long languorous lick.
The fig was really good. The salty meat really helped accentuate the mild sweet flesh of the fig. He only ate half before he decided he’d give the other half to Tony. Tony had a sweet tooth, Steve had seen the man eat several pastries in one sitting, then go off and look for more. Steve liked meats and fatty foods simply because they hadn’t had much of those growing up. They also kept him full for longer too.
“And the next he’s standing me up on dates, can hardly stay awake when he comes home most evenings. Sex life is practically nonexistent. He’s just...distracted.”
Once free he scampered down and darted for the quarantine room, to find the other ferret that Rhodey had mentioned. Apparently Bucky, the one Rhodey was hanging out with had a friend stashed in the quarantine cage and Tony was going to visit. He nosed the cracked door open and scurried into the room, he came across a jar of peanut butter and twisted away in revulsion.
Steve wiggled trying to get out of the hold, ready to tug Tony into the ocean with him. The arms held fast,
Steve didn’t say anything, but the next day he had a new computer with a tablet and magic pen that was compatible with both. He might have spent most of the day playing with it, which made Tony pout.
Tony was awake moaning and his hole twitched around Steve’s dick. Tony leaned back and Steve came again, Tony’s face was pink and he smiled at Steve.
Well he could change that! The art classes he’d been looking at, well he could take math too. Though he wasn’t certain what type of math Tony used. Not that the school would reject Steve, he’d let it slip once at a press conference that he’d thought about going back to school and a day later his inbox was filled with many academic offers, even scholarships.
“I’m not the one going out early in the morning to contact that European lover from the conference!”
He hadn’t been accustomed to the weary equipment anyway, or the confusingly pathetic excuse for aerobics classes, so really it was inevitable that he’d surreptitiously give it a makeover.
Bruce hung up, and carefully finished his list. First he needs to clean the enclosure, and set up the temporary cages. Also the puzzle floor of the cage should be opened Tony, was always eager to go through the new puzzle and destroy it. Rhodey would follow. Then he could clean up the rest of the cage while they were down there.
Keeping the towel wrapped around Tony’s shoulders as he helped the man into some boxers and sweatpants. Tony was shivering again but it was likely due from the cool room and his wet hair.
“Tony, we’re a team. If you can’t remember us, maybe you shouldn’t be on it,” Steve bit out as he pulled a bit of glass from a car’s side view mirror out of his side. Iron Man was quiet and then shuttled back to the tower without so much as a snide retort or sarcastic comment.
"He hasn't woken up yet. He's allowed to sleep until ten on Saturdays." Steve smiles under Tony's confused look. "Why...?" Steve can see Anthony's gaze on the donuts.
Steve takes out his cell phone, there are five messages from James asking where he is and one from Sam asking him not to mess on the floor when he comes back.
Hears footsteps heading toward the door. Fix his clothes and adjust his posture so he doesn't look like a vague. Anthony greets him, he's standing in the doorway, he's wearing a gray suit that suits him. It's probably one of those custom made suits.
"Yes, calm down, they are fine," Carol reassures him. "I was just calling because Tony is graduating from night school tomorrow, and I don't know if you want to come. We will have a party at my house."
Bruce nods and leaves leaving him alone again. Tony goes to the bathroom and takes a quick shower before going to meet Clint. He doesn't know if he should go over his words, or if it would be nice to think of a welcome speech to this shit that definitely isn't "The Avengers" or if he should just shake hands and give him a hug because God he really needed a hug.
Tony starts to sob, leans in and sticks his elbows to his thighs to put all the weight on them, Danvers runs one of his hands over his back from top to bottom trying to calm something he doesn't know if he can actually calm.
He enters the place and the first thing he sees is the child sitting at a secluded table. He doesn't see Anthony anywhere and there are only a couple of people, he walks to a table near the boy and sits down.
Peter nods somewhat sleepily, he seems not to be very conscious. Tony stands up and hands Steve all the money in his wallet. "Please take care of it. He's kind of shy so he's likely to cry, hold his hand and uh ... thank you."
"The boy over there?" Wade points to the end of the hall, Steve nods and bites his lower lip lightly. He asks if he knows him and the boy denies. "Sometimes I knock to see if he wants to go out and play, but his dad says no because he can get sick."
"Do you want to explain to us where you have been all day?" Sam questions as Steve walks through the door. James by his side like a viper, ready to take the first bite.
By the time the guy is gone, Steve lets out a deep sigh of relief with all the air he's been holding in his lungs and James scoffs at his face so he just shakes his head and ignores the jerk he has. by best friend.
Carol enters his room, pushing him aside, and sits on the bed unattended, Tony looks at her confused and closes the door behind him and finally realizes the disaster that is his room and how Carol seems to be surrounded by a whole aura of depression that doesn't go with her.
Steve opens the door for Tony and he comes in looking at everything around him. The place smells of Steve, Tony is surprised to see a photo of him and Peter on the nightstand. He doesn't give it much importance, he doesn't want Steve to realize that he noticed his because that would create an even more uncomfortable situation.
"Not just because of this," she laughs, "but because of Tony. For doing it ... for making him see that he has a chance to love and be loved by someone other than Peter."
Tony is the first thing he sees when the door opens, he's baffled to see him so early, but he smiles at him at the end.
Tony stirs upset when he hears the knock on the door, Bruce enters the room and Tony stands up so fast that he staggers on the spot. Banner has an agitated expression and Tony fears the worst.
She takes his face in her hands and brings their foreheads together as she cries and whispers his name. Tony then understands that Thanos took more from them than loved ones.
Tony nods and ends up giving Peter a kiss just to get out of the house and go to work at the mall, Peter is sobbing for his father. Tony reassures him by promising to come back in a while so they can play. Once he's outside Peter looks at him expectantly at what he's going to do, Steve is a bit self-conscious, but ends up offering to watch the cartoons on television, which Peter doesn't refuse. Steve is grateful for all the training days that Peggy's nieces left him as an apprenticeship.
They sit at the end in the armchairs. Sam nods and goes to the kitchen for the fries and a soda once he's sure enough that his friends aren't going to kill each other. Steve doesn't look at his best friend after Sam comes into the living room and decides that it is best to put "The Fox and the Hound."
Steve walks into the kitchen to get cereal and a plate. Takes the milk out of the refrigerator. Peter complaining about it adding that he prefers cereal just because he hates it being soaked. He nods and does things as the child tells him to, and then hands it over to him and goes to the living room to finish the chapter of Clarence they are watching.
"Uh, I ... yeah, uh." He takes the menu and checks it with his eyes, he's nervous and chaste of money so he goes to the children's menu section. "Does the cheese sandwich cost two dollars without the drink?"
"We hurt each other, we tried so hard to win a battle in which we were able to get away unscathed, I let myself be carried away by what I felt and not by reason, and I never made an effort to fix things between us, I didn't I tried to call, and I just ... just ... "
They are both crying, neither of them can finish talking so they hug each other, they do it with such force that for a moment it's suffocating, and Steve clings so tightly to Tony's body that he feels like he is going to break it at any moment.
"I'll miss your Little Code Burgers uniform." Steve jokes and Tony taps him on the shoulder lightly. "Or the Sweet Candy friends."
Tony steps forward slowly and lists the possibilities with his fingertips tangling together. He could invite him over for a coffee for privacy and excuse his silences with sips of coffee, but Steve doesn't like coffee and the smell is nauseating.
"I get it." He stands up. "I have to go; if Peter wakes up tell him I'll be back at three. Thanks for breakfast, Steve."
He doesn't blame them, Tony has nightmares with Peter's voice in the background begging him not to leave him, and he thinks that if he hadn't looked for him from the beginning and talked things over with Steve ... if he had talked to Steve then Thanos would have died right away because he would be there motivating him not to die.
He's not sure if Tony likes it, and he's even sassy and rude, but he invites him to Tony's apartment because seeing him like this brings back memories, things he's honestly not sure he wants to see ever again.
Yes, of course, something quick that doesn't give him time to reject it, but neither to accept it so that he runs into his arms again, maybe something else.
He directs him to the kitchen. There is a bottle of wine in the center and various dishes like very elaborate snacks around.
Tony is struggling almost determined to say no, but Peter is sick, and Steve doesn't seem like a bad choice. "I get home from work at eight thirty." He tries to lower his spirits, but doesn't get a bad response.
"Glad you got a job, Steve." Sam gets up and bumps a fist with Steve. His gaze is heavy on James with a hint of warning. He grabs his coat and is ready to go, but Sam talks, "There's a snack in the cupboard. Why don't we act like grown-ups and drop this shit and watch a movie."
"Well no, not that I know of." James falls back on the back, crossing his arms. "Who in their right mind would date a man who has a child? That equals no sex hard for the rest of your life."
"Leave it, sweetie, I'll pick it up." The girl runs her hand over the boy's head when he runs to his side and bends down to lift the pair of crayons from the floor. When she finishes she leaves the place.
"I just want to help... please." Tony has three jobs. Or he had because he was fired, but he got extra time for today and can't just leave because Peter got sick just that day. But he cannot lose this because that would be leaving them without eating. He doesn't know the guy in front of him. He feels a plastic in his hand, he looks down, ignoring that he had been in a trance for a while. "My name is Steve Rogers, I can give you my address and the name of my school or my parents."
"Hello." He greets with the sweetest voice he can formulate, but there is no response beyond hiccups. "Are you okay?"
"Carol's shift is over, Peter, now go to your place, dad is working," he says to the boy. He sets his plate and bottle in front of Steve and sighs. "I have to bring him to work because no one can take care of him, sorry."
Just a few days ago, he and Nebula arrived on Earth with more bad news than he has ever said in his entire life. And everything already seems to be hell on Earth as in the rest of the universe.
Carol was silent for a few seconds and sighed heavily. With more knots than words in mind. "That ... I don't have the right words for this, Stark, but I do know that you both can fix things."
"Oh, well I ..." She frowns at him and widens her eyes because she seems to have noticed that Tony is a mess. "Everything is alright?"
"I'll call Peter for lunch." Carol warns and takes Rhodey by pulling him carefully by the end of the tie, Rhodey is carried away with a smile that does not know if it is for his fiancée or his friend.
"I didn't lose ..." Carol raises both eyebrows expectantly because she clearly doesn't believe him and he denies. "A boy, a wonderful boy who was put in danger by my ... selfishness." His voice comes out in a brittle thread, and he knows she can feel the pain in each of his words.
James Barnes, the famous fucking motherfucker who made him see that what was between him and Steve was nothing more than a "nothing" because there was always a something between James and Rogers.
When they arrive at Anthony's work, Peter runs up to him with more encouragement than before. But Tony doesn't look happy, quite the opposite, he dedicates a deep look that puts the daggers in his throat. "You did not answer my calls." The tone comes out severe, it must not be something common because Peter looks at him surprised. "I thinked that I was to call the police."
"Promise me that when it happens," Tony looks at him pleading not to hint at anything. "Tony, look at me." He denies, looks away refusing the simple idea of what he knows Steve is hinting at. "Promise me that you'll take my hand."
"How about we invite your dad to the park next Sunday?" The boy nods euphoria. So he promised him a date with his father.
Tony sighs. Frustration in your tone; he's tired and Steve can tell. Working in three different places is not exactly the definition of comfort and rest. He barely has enough to cover his daily expenses, he doesn't eat well and hardly ever sleeps thanks to the college assignments that keep him awake until his back hurts and the sky is no longer dark.
So the guy's heading towards him now and Steve crouches in embarrassment in his chair because this boy is handsome as an angel, and he cursed in front of this kid and he'll surely think that Steve's a stingy or a jerk.
"I remember," Carol begins taking a sip from her glass of soda, "Tony was sixteen. The general at the time called him Forrest Gump." Everybody laughs. "
"Tony is always like that, he thinks Peter is going to get sick if he opens the refrigerator." Wade laughs.
Rogers watches where Anthony went a while ago and sees the boy staring at him. His gaze is curious and stern, you can almost bet he got it from his father. If it really is and is not another James invention; which is what he usually does when Steve is interested in someone.
"God, not again." Steve laments. Bring both hands to his face. "I mean people that is kind with...me? I mean, it's too early to say I like you. Even I wouldn't accept someone who claims to like me after three days." He drops into the chair. Tony smiles slightly, the blush stinging his cheeks, he places his hand on Steve's knee feeling the boy tense immediately.
"I don't understand why you're doing this." He's crossing her arms. Steve is taller, probably beefier, but he can't help but get nervous. "I don't need people's pity, and I hope you don't do this for an affair with me."
"Steve?" Peter is in the middle of the hall, it's twelve thirty, time to wake up from gis nap. Steve leans down and extends his arms for Peter to jump into a hug. "My dad bought me a very very new movie!"
And when his school day ends, he goes out to eat with James at a nearby restaurant that he had never seen, or in fact, it was just one of those many that he ignored because they are part of those luxuries that couldn't be paid with five dollars for the weekly expense that a college student like him had to live with.
But things sorted out little by little. After all, the storm doesn't last forever and he managed to stay at the university of his dreams on a scholarship paid by the army; In the end, they finally gave him a job and was able to rent an apartment. None of that being possible without Carol and Rhodey. A couple of guys he met in the military who helped him with Peter and college.
He bites down on his lower lip trying to hold back a smile. He finishes his meal and leaves behind the colored drawing and a "Thank you Carol, I won't say anything."
Steve closes his eyes tight and sticks Tony's knuckles to his eyelids, then lowers them to his lips and kisses them.
Tony doesn't turn around until he puts the shovel with which he moves the nuggets on a plate and says relaxedly:
Tony shakes his head from side to side and ends by opening the door to escape from the room and heading to his workshop with his mind set on the only thing that keeps him sane for that moment: bringing Parker and the rest of the universe back missing.
"Your order." Anthony appears out of nowhere causing a fright from both boys. He's more serious than before and just after serving them their order, he takes the child to another table. Steve is afraid that he has heard them talking all that stupid things, so now his appetite is far away and he can't find anything better to do, except cursing himself for shitting.
"Tony, I want to apologize, for what I didn't say, for my actions, for pushing you to do what you did." Tony relaxes his frown, he no longer has that sharp gaze on Steve ready to attack him if necessary and he only lets his guard down almost totally, because he hurt more than just an ego. "Not a day goes by that I don't regret what I did to them and how I ruined everything between us, and Tony, I just implore you to forgive me."
When they get on the bus Peter falls asleep leaning on his shoulder, and he neither quickly nor early imitates him. He admits that running carrying a five-year-old is not exactly easy or something that is in his routine to be used to.
Tony starts laughing. Steve's stomach clenches and he doesn't know if they're butterflies or just because he hasn't eaten, but he looks down. "I was just kidding, Rogers. Although, well Peter adapted to you too quickly, usually he doesn't like to be around other adults very much, he's very shy. I can pay you if you help me tonight."
It's not long when Peter is already awake rubbing his eyes with his fist, greets him with a hug when he sees him, asks about his father, and incredibly understands when he tells him that he's gone to work.
Steve stops smiling and feels completely dizzy and overwhelmed to see the boy saying it so normal. He frowns because there should be no alcohol in a house with children, much less irresponsible people lacking in love.
They both hug and stay like this for a while until Tony talks to him about the conversation he had with Natasha and the one he had with Carol after that, he tells him that he is terribly scared about Steve and if they are going to forgive each other's mistakes or if There will be something else after they decide to leave everything alone "if it happens", but she manages to reassure him by saying that whatever happens she will be with him to support him.
"Not so much ... I'll be on trial. Rhodey offered to use his influence to give me a better position, but I refused, I want to do it on my own." Clarifies too hastily as to avoid misunderstandings . "I know I should let you go." He laughs, it's a strangled laugh accompanied by a blush," but if you could ...
After a while, their stomachs growl. Peter begins to laugh and he imitates him because it was funny the moment when the sound makes an appearance.
"Do you like Gumball?" Peter nods frantically and begins to clap as in the intro of the program. "I like it too; my favorite character is Nicole. What's yours?"
Finally he stops thinking about it (he does it especially because he has been practicing phrases for when Anthony will open) and knocks on the door in front of the direction Anthony indicated, hoping he is not making a mistake.
"Daddy, I need ketchup!" Peter exclaims from the bar. Tony lets go of it and walks to the refrigerator to give him the ketchup.
Tony wipes away the traces of tears that he didn't realize existed at the time, quickly puts on his shirt, and opens the door with the best neutrality grimace (and also the most pretended one) he can put on.
The colors go to his head and he flatly denies repeatedly, he could almost say that his head narrowly missed. "No, I do it because I feel sorry for you, and I don't want an affair with you."
"I can take him to the doctor," he says. Tony widens his eyes and denies. Obviously he's not going to entrust his son to a stranger. "I can leave you my number and my identification." He takes out his wallet quickly, holding out the card.
Tony denies, Natasha sits next to him and smiles at him as if in pity. That expression that seems that everyone insists on putting on when they are near him. As if Tony was the only one who lost everything even long before all this hell came into their lives.
Steve doesn't know if he has authority, he doesn't know if Peter is allergic to grass or swings, other children or dogs. He also doesn't know if the park is safe enough and he really doesn't want trouble with his father.
"Are you ready to order?" He may have sounded nice, however he didn't. And Steve doubts that he even considered trying.
"Yes!" Peter exclaims raising his arms and running to the kitchen to bring his backpack all under the gaze of the two adults. "We can see Gumball, Larry and Nicole."
And it's especially disgusting when Nat doesn't say anything about the bullshit coming out of James's mouth. Although more than disgusting, Steve would say that it is disappointing.
