Sherlock cheered up slightly at that; not so much the Christmas part, as he had never been too excited about it, not since he was four and had deduced that there was no such thing as Father Christmas.  All it usually meant was more time he had to spend with his stupid cousins, and with Mycroft whom, since the time he’d gone away to school and abandoned Sherlock, had turned really boring.  He was, however, looking forward to having John stay at his home.  It would be nice to show them all that he had a proper friend and, after this morning, he couldn’t wait to get John in his own room too.
John stepped forward towards Sherlock and lifted his chin, stroking his finger lightly along Sherlock's cheek.  He looked at Sherlock's lips and his tongue flicked out to lick his own.  He raised his eyebrow in query and Sherlock gave a little nod.  John stretched up and pressed a soft kiss against Sherlock's lips.  Sherlock's eyes widened so John did it again.  He kissed both corners and then another right in the centre.  He nibbled lightly on them, sucking Sherlock's plump lower lip into his mouth and biting gently down on it.  Sherlock gasped and pulled back.
Well that really brought things down, didn’t it, sorry about that.  On a happier note – well, happier for me; I’m not sure you’ll be particularly bothered - we have cake!  One of my mates just got a large parcel from his girlfriend back home.  He had biscuits, chocolate, sweets and two cakes so we’re having home-made Victoria sponge for tea.  You can’t beat a nice bit of cake, especially coffee, out here.  The rations are filling enough, of course, but they don’t cater beyond the basics.
Anything that would get John’s hands on his cock to give him some relief was a plus as far as Sherlock was concerned and even over-rode the loss of the finger giving him such pleasure.  They would definitely need to experiment more with that another day.  John helped him flip over, giving Sherlock plenty of slack so that his arms could remain bent and comfortable.
Sherlock took hold of his cock and stroked it fast, keeping pace with John.  It only took a handful of strokes until he felt his balls tightening and he was coming hard all over his hand and abdomen.  His passage contracted around John and John only took a couple more thrusts before he too was filling Sherlock as he shuddered to his release.
On the opposite wall there were two doors.  The first led into a large bathroom, painted in cream with gold highlights, with a large claw foot tub and a separate shower.  That meant the other had to be Sherlock’s dressing room.  This was surprisingly large inside – well, probably not surprising if he thought about the rest of what he’d seen - with one wall covered floor to ceiling with a built-in wardrobe.  The top half was hanging space, with Sherlock’s suits neatly lined up in protective bags and shirts in front of those, graduating in colour tones from left to right.  The bottom half was taken up with drawers and shelves and a dresser top displaying some boxed cuff-links and a hair brush, comb and clothes brush.  The wall facing this had a full length mirror and, in the place where he presumed there was usually a chair or sofa, there was now set up a metal framed bed.  Not a common, fold-up bed like he had been expecting, but a proper solid framework, which must have been constructed within the room, as it didn’t appear that it would have fit through the doorway.  He was almost sorry he wouldn’t be sleeping in it now as the mattress seemed very comfortable when he pressed down on it.  His bags had already been brought up and were on the floor in the corner. They went back into the main bedroom and sat on Sherlock’s bed.
“Do you remember being at the raid to rescue those girls and then you and I jumped in the van to catch the guy who tried to get away?”
I loved spending time with you and having the chance to explore each other.  You were just as I’d imagined you from your letters and seeing you in action was fascinating.  The way you deduced everything about me and then everyone around us when we went to the café was amazing.  Mrs H loved you too, so you really scored a hit there.  She’d feed you up every time you went in if you wanted to – and you should want to.  You didn’t eat nearly enough whilst I was there, though when I had the ingenious idea of using my abs as a serving platter for that cake, you seemed very keen to indulge.
“Of course.  Why don’t you take him over there Sherlock and then you can introduce him round to all the family.”
It’s one year today since I wrote that first letter.  Can you believe it?  I’ve known you for a whole year and only seen you once but I feel as if you are part of me, John.  A part of me that is missing.  I don’t feel whole without knowing where you are.  The unknown is just killing me.  If I have a mystery I have to solve it but I can’t solve this.  They won’t let me come over there to look.  Mycroft says he is still checking into everything; trying to find something out but it’s been months with nothing.
It was a dazzling full moon tonight and John was almost struck dumb at Sherlock’s beauty as they stood together on what they’d come to think of as their bridge.  It had taken John longer than he had hoped to get started.  He had had his speech well-rehearsed in his head and was just about to deliver it when a cloud moved away from the moon and its full light shone down on Sherlock who just glowed.  He was caught in the light shining down as well as the reflection of the scene in the river which was almost as beautiful as the real thing.  John had to take several moments to remember to close his gaping mouth and to gather his thoughts about him again before he could continue.
Matthew.  He was probably the one with the biggest part as he was playing the detective.  He didn't appear in any of these early scenes, though, so he was busy going over his own lines and not taking much notice of a scene he wasn’t in.
“John, you are cruel and heartless and I can’t believe you just did that – and in no way did I squeal like a pig.”
"That's amazing, Sherlock.  You got all that just from watching how they looked at each other? Brilliant."
John looked stunned at the sight of the stick, putting pressure on his leg under the table and realising that Sherlock was right.  There was no pain at all.
"As our official business is concluded for the evening, shall we partake of some refreshments before I take you back out on to the dance floor, Gregory?"
Sherlock groaned at the sensations.  He did like any attention on his neck and he loved it when John marked him.  He liked feeling that he belonged to John and that John was possessive enough to show it.  It didn’t matter that it wouldn’t be seen by anyone else, Sherlock would know it was there and he often found himself sitting in lessons, running his fingers over areas where John had left his mark.  John somehow seemed to sense when he did it and would catch his eyes and smile, knowing what Sherlock was doing and a feeling of pride would settle over him.
John pushed Sherlock’s jacket off his shoulders and draped it over the arm of the sofa.  He slid his hand slowly down the front of that enticing shirt, circling each button and sliding his fingers into the gaping spaces between, as Sherlock flexed his chest, pulling it even tighter.  John popped the first button open and kissed the area of skin newly exposed.  He did the same all the way down Sherlock’s chest, until the other was shaking with restraint.  He tried to stop himself from pulling John away and attacking his mouth.  John traced around Sherlock’s belly button and pushed his tongue inside.  He sucked the skin around it and bit down, leaving a red mark, which he kissed away to soften the blow.
“Hey, it’s okay.”  John stroked Sherlock’s red cheek.  “I think it’s really sexy that it made you come without even being touched.  It felt bloody wonderful and I can’t wait ‘til I have the chance to show you how it feels.”
He could still remember that day.  It had been Sherlock’s sixteenth birthday and John had just received his acceptance letter for the army.  He’d come to Sherlock’s party to tell him his news and let him know that now that Sherlock was of age, he wanted them to be together and that he would wait for Sherlock until he was ready.  He had thought that his time away in the army would allow Sherlock to mature and decide if John was the person with whom he wanted to spend his life.  John already knew, for certain, that Sherlock was the only man for him and now he was prepared to wait for Sherlock to make his own decision.
The rest of the week passed quite quickly.  John was to be found with his script in his hand each evening after he’d done his homework, learning his lines and getting Sherlock to test him on them.  This proved to be good fun as Sherlock put on voices for the other characters he read and every time John succeeded in getting all his words correct, he would be rewarded by a kiss; a mutually beneficial bartering system which they both enjoyed.
“If you think that is the end of the evening, Lestrade, then you are sorely mistaken.  That was just the appetiser to take the edge off for you.  You’ll be begging to come again before we’re finished with you, don’t worry.”
“I had to take out the snipers Moriarty had placed on you, Lestrade and Mrs Hudson.  I came back as soon as I’d finished dismantling his empire.”
When they'd finished, the two couples headed back out on to the dance floor.  They spent the rest of the night enjoying their partners' company, all instinctively knowing that this was only the first of many evenings they would spend together.
“Blimey, that’s high praise coming from you.  I might just pass that along next time I meet him down the pub and he needs a boost; that’ll lift him right up.”
“There’s nothing to forgive, but yes I think the anti-drool rule definitely comes in to play so you’re fine.”
“This is real, Sherlock.  I’m here and you did it, you saved me and Greg and Mrs Hudson.  Do you want me to get Mycroft on the phone to reassure you?”
They had discussed it whilst they waited for him and decided to give him a choice of whether he wanted to have the whole thing erased from his memory or to remember and take it from there.  Well, that is to say, John wanted to offer him a choice, Sherlock would rather just glamour the whole ordeal out of him and move on as though nothing had happened.
Sherlock walked across to his bed and held a cup with a straw for him to have a drink of water.  He nodded his thanks after a few sips and Sherlock put it back on the table.
“Yeah, he had this whole thing arranged even down to a false identity he’d created.  He set up your friend with some bullshit claims about crimes he hadn’t committed and then told the guy if he didn’t jump off a roof then three of his chums would bite the bullet and you were my target.”
“No, it isn’t okay.  I’ve been selfish and I’ve been leaving you on your own too much.  All because of Mary.  I’ll have to learn to balance my time better.  You’re my best friend and I’ve been neglecting you.  I’ll do better, Sherlock, really I will.”
When he had John panting and writhing above him he slid one arm down to hold on to John’s leg and he kissed his way over the skin until he reached the femoral artery.  Sherlock’s saliva contained special coagulants so, though John’s blood would flow freely when Sherlock bit him, he could control how much John lost and then seal the wound afterwards so there would be no risk of harm to John.  Sherlock looked up at John and waited until he got a nod of John’s head before he sank his fangs into John’s leg.
"That's correct.  Best friends, in fact."  Sherlock blushed at this; John had never actually said that before.  John gave another short smile at Simon, which didn't reach his eyes, and Sherlock knew that look was trouble.  He was secretly gleeful that John was on his side and might actually stand up for him, if he was lucky.  He had no need to worry on that score, as John had very quickly ascertained what sort of people they were, even if he hadn't already had advance warning from Sherlock.
‘Not important’! John thought his time with Sherlock was ‘not important’.  Well, there was his answer.  It seemed that no matter what he did, he no longer had any relevance in John’s life.  If John was prepared to just throw away his regular evening with Sherlock – something which had been in place for over ten years – on a whim, for a meal with Mary (and that wouldn’t have been last minute – not if it was a meal at the embassy – and John had complained about them before to Sherlock and wouldn’t have gone to one voluntarily) then he obviously no longer wished to spend his time with Sherlock.
Sherlock grinned as he looked down at a now sleeping John; more happy than he could say that John seemed to have accepted him for what he was and just thinking of how much more fulfilled they would be going forward and of being able to taste John's blood whenever he wanted - pure nectar.  This would be their life now and that life was good, he thought, as he nuzzled his face into John's neck and settled down to sleep.
Sherlock took the scone and had a bite.  Oh my goodness, John was right, this was heavenly.  The little pieces of damson just burst in his mouth as he bit down on them; they were so sweet.  Sherlock tried to give the rest back to John but John shook his head and gestured for Sherlock to continue eating.  John pointed over to Sherlock's other scones with the jam and Sherlock nodded his agreement as he took another bite.  John pulled Sherlock's plate over and halved the scone which Sherlock had already taken a bite out of and covered it with jam, as well as the one he had yet to start.  When the scones were all covered in jam they savoured them quietly for a few moments, grinning at each other between bites whilst they finished them off.
They went back inside to get changed into their riding gear.  They had decided to go out for a ride this morning whilst the hired maids performed their last task, to clean the now vacated bedrooms.  Then they would have the house to themselves after lunch, except for Carstairs and his wife, who would be busy getting things back to normal downstairs.  The party detritus had already been cleared away straight afterwards, and there was only the marquee itself left to be dismantled, which would be done later that afternoon.
“The label on your backpack says Harry Watson but it’s been crossed out so it must have been handed down from your older brother.  If you’d both just moved here then your dad would have sent you both to the park but there’s only you, so your parents must have divorced and your brother has stayed with your mum.  Obvious.”
They exchanged parcels and grinned at each other as they both started in.  As Sherlock ripped the final bit of paper off and went to open the plain brown box inside, John paused in his own unwrapping as he wanted to watch Sherlock's face when he saw what it was.  Sherlock pushed the flaps aside and removed the crumpled tissue paper from off the top to see a hard, white circle surrounded by packing peanuts.  It looked like bone with the start of suture lines just visible on one edge where the packaging was lower.  Sherlock's eyes shot up to John's face, a questioning eyebrow rising almost to his hairline.  John grinned and nodded and Sherlock buried his fingers in the box to bring out its contents.  It was a genuine, perfectly preserved, human skull.
John went to his bags where there was a suit bag fastened on to the straps of his back pack.  He had taken it all the way up to Scotland just to make sure that he had it with him ready for the party.  He had been to a family wedding earlier in the year and had bought a smart, new suit for that and, luckily, he hadn’t grown too much over the summer so it still fit him nicely.  Sherlock took it out and headed down to the kitchens, but conveniently, he met a maid on the way.  He gave her John’s suit with strict instructions to treat it very carefully and to bring it back to his room as soon as they were done.
I’d give anything for you to actually see this letter.  I’ve got to get my feelings out somehow – I don’t know what to do with them; I have so many piling on top of me and I don’t like it.  I need you to interpret; to help me; to understand me; to be with me.
“I’m going to have to put her down somewhere.  Can you see any empty roads or fields or even a large pond – I’d take anything at this stage?”
Jasmine sat listening and then mimed turning off the radio and she sat thinking for a moment.  Freddie, who was playing her husband, Giles, came into the room through what would be the door into the hall and they started in with their conversation.  As the first guests to their newly opened guest house were arriving today, they were both a bit nervous as to how it would go, and they both played the emotions quite well, for a first attempt.
“So, why don’t you tell me about some of your earlier cases.  I know Carl Powers was your first but how about some of the others.”
Sherlock let out a roar and punched Moran so hard that he fell against the glass of the window and smashed right through to land on the ground below.
John sat on his own bed and just thought back over his evening.  The playing had been beautiful.  The boy had performed a few classical pieces, which John had recognised, all from memory.  Right at the end he had played a different sort of piece.  It had a more haunting type of melody and one phrase from it had stuck with John and his fingers were itching to try it out for himself.  He took out his guitar and tried to remember the notes.  He got it after a couple of attempts and when he was confident of it, he played it through again quietly, letting his fingers just riff off the tune.
He quickly changed his mind when he got to the door and saw that the rain was pouring down outside and he’d rushed out of the house so quickly that morning that he only had his thin jacket with no hood and no umbrella.  He turned up his collar and shrugged his shoulders up to his ears to try and keep them covered and ventured out.  It was almost a mile to the nearest tube stop so he set off, trying to hop over the worst of the puddles on his way.
John nodded as he grinned and took their tray of plates up to the counter and brought back two teas and sat himself down opposite Sherlock.
When he got to the belly button his tongue circled around it, getting slowly closer in until he was right in the centre and he poked his tongue inside.  From there he kissed his way down the trail of hair, sliding his tongue along the edge of Sherlock’s underwear and sucking a love bite onto his abdomen.  His cheek brushed against Sherlock’s cock which was rock hard and trying to get in on the action.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow but refrained from commenting on John’s lack of observation of the niceties of polite society.
I’ll look forward to hearing from you again next year. (It always sounds so weird when you say that, doesn’t it, when you know [or certainly hope] you’ll be hearing from someone soon).  Never mind me; just being silly.
“I know, I’m only teasing you.  I’ve been just as excited to learn what I can do as you have.  Thank you for all your help with everything; I couldn’t have done this thing without you.”
John felt a squeeze to his fingers which he had subconsciously slipped back into Sherlock’s grip whilst he’d been talking.
“Sherlock, is that bizarre phraseology your way of asking me for a 69, with some mutual biting thrown in for good measure?  Because if so then, hell, yes.”
John finished his ablutions and returned to the bedroom in his pyjamas.  He climbed into the bed, keeping right over to the opposite side away from Sherlock.
He had been custom measured for a tuxedo which was the most elegant thing he had ever worn.  He had a purple silk shirt with a black bow tie which wonderfully set off his sharp cheekbones (made sharper by the weight he had lost in the last few months from avoiding the canteen and his general loss of an already small appetite.)
The pilot grabbed some blankets, bottles of water and snack rations from the plane and they moved over to the broken-down shack.  They were able to drag a still reasonably dry mattress over to one sheltered corner with an overhang that protected them from the elements and they set themselves up there to wait out the storm.
“I’m happy to furnish your introduction to the good stuff.”  John grinned at Sherlock as they savoured a few more sips.
John escorted their families over to the seats they had reserved, at this point, and left the two mothers getting better acquainted.  He and Sherlock went backstage to get ready for the performance.  Sherlock squeezed John’s shoulders as they went behind the curtains and grinned down at him; it had all worked out perfectly, and they would get to be together again very soon.
I won’t just give up and move on as they are telling me to do, though.  I won’t consider you dead.  I’ll never do that until someone can prove it to me.  I know that you are out there somewhere and I will wait for you.  I will always wait for you.
John allowed himself to be pulled to his feet and he let Sherlock lead him out, leaning on his arm instead of taking the cane which he left propped against his chair.
John woke next as he felt a tickling of hair against his nose.  When he realised that the source of that hair was cradled within his arms he tried to quickly pull back before Sherlock awoke and thought he had taken liberties.  His arm was gripped tightly by the hand resting on it, though, so he stopped and listened to the low murmur.
“I hope so, I really do.  I will be monitoring the situation carefully as well as liaising with the people I’ve sent in to Budapest so hopefully we should have more information all round by the time you return.”
"You can make a choice whether to remember the events of this afternoon and live with the consequences or Sherlock can do this thing to make you forget all about it and you'll never even know it happened."
"No... I... It's fine, I'm sorry if I've embarrassed you, though.  It's just that the way you figured all that stuff out was just brilliant; I’ve never heard anything like it and, if I’m honest, it was a bit of a turn on having all that attention focused on me; you are pretty amazing.
“Of course I would still want you.  You’re the most gorgeous thing I’ve ever seen, Sherlock, but it’s not just your looks, it’s your brain too; the whole package really.  I’m not denying you couldn’t use a little more tact and delicacy in dealing with certain people, but I think they’re all wrong in how they think of you.  You’re amazing and, as much as you try to hide it, I know deep down how much you care about things.”
John had long since accepted that his own often repeated comments of ‘Not Gay’ were merely reactionary and he had settled into a kind of resigned state that he was either plain bisexual or, as there were very few man who physically aroused him, more likely Sherlock-sexual if that was even a thing.  There had been a few times of stress relief during his army days which had all been of the ‘don’t ask, don’t tell’ variety and which his army mates had all claimed didn’t count.  There was just something about his flatmate, however, that he couldn’t resist and more and more he found himself not wanting to.
This last case had taken three days to finish and John had to admit he was tired after all the running about they had been doing.  By the time they were through at the Yard and heading home John was flagging and he fell asleep in the cab.  When they reached Baker Street Sherlock paid the cabbie and, rather than disturbing John, he picked him up and carried him into the house.  He made a bit of a show of it being an effort for the cabbie's benefit but, in reality, the weight was nothing to him with his extra strength and he enjoyed having John in his arms.
“Dr Watson, how delightful to hear from you.  I was sorry to learn you were unable to proceed with your reunion.  How may I be of assistance?”
My name is John Watson and I am a Lieutenant in the RAMC with the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers.  I am 23 and I did my medical training at St Barts in London before joining the army so we may have trod some of the same earth.  I have been over here for eight months now and this is my first posting abroad so it has taken some getting used to.  The constant heat and sunshine were certainly somewhat of a shock after being used to England’s wet and grey weather.  I do at least have a healthy tan now and my hair is even more blonde with the bleaching from the sun.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened slightly and he ducked his head to hide it a little.  No-one provided such unconditional admiration as John and it awed Sherlock every time.  It was still not something he was used to accepting as he had experienced far too much of the opposite reaction to his deductions but he couldn’t deny that he enjoyed it greatly.
“My dad has an old set of skis in the attic which belonged to my granddad.  I could get my mum to send them in if you need them?”
“Thanks for that.  I didn’t stop for lunch so I’m starved.”  Greg led the way inside and pointed John towards the sofa whilst he turned on the TV.  “Have a seat then.  Do you want a slice?  Do you even eat, for that matter?”
John knelt down to the ground and reached around inside the hole.  He turned his arm around inside to feel up but, of course, his arm was much shorter than Sherlock’s and the aperture wasn’t big enough to fit his head to have a look.  He looked around the room and through the open door into the bathroom and luckily the mirror against the wall had obviously been yanked off and smashed on the floor.  He ran across and grabbed a piece of mirror and was straight back to the vent.  He angled it in to see and struck pay dirt; something was attached to the wall inside.  He called over one of the taller members of Mycroft’s team and got him to reach up for the package.  After a struggle to stretch his arm up far enough – Sherlock did have abnormally long arms – the man managed to pull it out.  It was a waterproof bag and he gave it to John who quickly opened it up.
On Sunday morning Sherlock dressed very carefully in a black suit with a purple shirt almost identical to the one he had previously owned – or maybe still owned – he wasn’t sure what John had done with his wardrobe during his absence.  He had seen John’s eyes whenever he’d worn that purple shirt before and knew it was a particular favourite of John’s.  He would play every advantage he could get because he knew he was unlikely to escape without some kind of quite possibly violent reaction from his sure-to-be-shocked friend.
They all ordered a drink - even Sherlock, after a glare from Mycroft and a huge sigh from himself – and sat at a round table in the corner where they had a full view of the room.  John sat by Sherlock against one wall and Greg manoeuvred himself next to Mycroft against the other.
John found himself watching out for Sherlock when they were out and about and almost subconsciously finding areas of shade wherever they went and more secluded pathways always won out over long walks in direct sunshine.  He’d almost gone so far as to consider carrying an umbrella around with him like Mycroft did, but that seemed one step too far and he just couldn’t bring himself to imitate Sherlock’s brother and face the no-doubt ceaseless mocking he would endure.
When the bus pulled up in front of him, he stepped back from the kerb as it slowed - though he wasn’t really sure why he bothered, a bit more water could do nothing to make things worse now.  The driver looked at him doubtfully as if he wasn’t sure if he wanted to allow this drowned rat on his bus.  John was taking no chances on being refused though; he was straight on there and marched down to the nearest free seat before the driver could change his mind.  The lady he sat next to edged even closer to the window, clearly not wanting to be anywhere near this wet mass dripping on her seat.  She quickly got to her feet when she, thankfully, neared her own stop, squeezing carefully around him, and nobody else bothered him to try and take the vacant space.
"Effusive sentimentality is a distinct failing of yours, John.  How can you possibly know it will be great without even looking?"
Sherlock managed to get one arm to move, now the pins and needles had stopped, and he reached up to touch John’s cheek, as if reassuring himself that John was really there.
“The sooner you learn to resist the temptation the better.  Certainly, you’ll need to have it well under control before we go back to London with all those walking blood bags.”
Of course you can call me yours, as I will call you mine.  There is definitely no-one else, nor will there be for me; you’re all I want or need.  I suppose I should warn you now that I am quite possessive and would wish to be the only person for you also, so if you don’t feel that is something you could do then please tell me now.
With that Sherlock swept out of the room and down the stairs.  John raised his shoulders to shrug at Greg and nodded his head to indicate he was following Sherlock.  Greg shouted behind him.
“We’ll just use the one room for the whole performance so we’ll only need one set of backdrops painted.   We’ve got some doors we can use for exiting the scene and we’ll have part of the stage as a lounge area for the guests to congregate.  That’s where the radio will be, and there’ll be a hall area where we’ll have the phone and where the front door will be for when everyone arrives.  Olivia and Julian, if you could maybe get together and draw me up some designs of how we could have it all set up, then we could get started on constructing the stage.”
The other thing that took up a lot of John’s time was Mike.  They had been friends all through school and Sherlock certainly didn’t want to take that away from him but if he could find a way for Mike to have another occupation for some of his spare time then Sherlock might be able to get John on his own occasionally.  After a few days spending time with John’s group of friends he had decided that what Mike needed was a girlfriend and he had found the perfect candidate in Molly.
“I was wondering if you would allow John to come and visit me again these holidays?  There isn’t really anyone else with whom I would wish to spend time, and there will only be my elder brother home for the holidays.  I think if we have to spend the whole time solely in one another’s company, my mother will find herself short one son by the end of it.”
Greg just sat staring at Sherlock, his mouth gaping in shock, but Sherlock was pleased to see that his pupils had also dilated and he could hear that his heart beat was racing.  He looked smugly at John.
They walked to the Post Office and, in spite of the all the sighing and huffing that Sherlock did, whilst he waited for Mrs Hudson to finish chatting with Mrs Boult, the Post Mistress, the parcel was correctly stamped and sorted.  He was assured that it should reach its destination the next morning and, yes, they would be very careful with it.
He had done his best to remove all thoughts of John from his brain but the boy just defied deletion.  He had been part of Sherlock’s life for so long that without John there wasn’t a lot left.  Instead, Sherlock had done his best to avoid him as much as possible – a task made easier by the lack of effort to meet up on John’s part as well – so this was the first time he had seen him properly in weeks; and, no doubt, the last as Sherlock had no plans to keep in contact with anyone in this odorous school.
John blushed.  It was true that he still felt reluctant to let Sherlock out of his sight and it seemed Sherlock felt exactly the same.  There had been more and more of these types of comments between them and it was clear that John was not alone in his new-found feelings.  He wanted to take things slow though to allow them both to process what was happening and to allow Sherlock time to recover, as John’s medical side was still on high alert and determined to see his friend back to full health in all things.
“Of course I remember, John, it was only half an hour ago, but you were all taking too long when we could be doing other more enjoyable things.  Now, Lestrade, do you have any preference of whom you would like to do what to you?”
I’ve bought us a new big bed.  After our last experiences with that tiny thing in my Uni room I thought we deserved something luxurious, but now I find myself longing even more for your return.  I have Egyptian cotton sheets and all this space and no-one to share it with; on the rare occasions when I do sleep, I feel quite lost.
I’m sorry to hear that someone in your unit died.  I know you would have done everything you could so there can be no blame attached and you should not think in that manner.  I do believe that life should be lived, though, and applaud your decision to go for what you want, even if what you want is – unbelievably - me.
John had finally decided on Zorro as his masked costume.  He had perused all the options at a nearby party shop and that had seemed exotically swashbuckling and the black bandana against his blond hair and tanned skin had suited him perfectly, making him feel some of his old, pre-injury confidence.  When the day dawned, he’d had a snack at lunch time and got showered and dressed with about an hour to spare and was now waiting for Greg to pick him up.
“I am being nice; this is me being nice.  I could have just told him what I already know without letting him speak at all.”
“I will.”  John followed that up with a punch right on the other boy’s nose.  It knocked him to the floor and his nose started bleeding.
“No, I realised when you were in the hospital that you don’t really go out dating much any more.  Have I spoiled things for you?”  Sherlock looked a bit ashamed so John was quick to reassure him.
As Sherlock spun them round he saw that John was quite correct.  Jenkins was kissing the lady’s hand and bowing as the piece of music came to an end.  Rather than head back to the table towards the group to whom he had attached himself for the evening to gain entry, he was making his way over towards the exit.
“I have a contact in that casino and I want to get there before the police so I can work out the suspect and we can catch him before the police interfere.”
“I hope you’re right.  It all seems to have been going so well lately; we haven’t had any of those other problems these last couple of weeks, either, so I thought it was settled.”
John had insisted that Sherlock go up to bed after they had eaten upon their arrival on that first night and Sherlock had been drained enough that he hadn’t quibbled – too hard, at least.  His sticking point had come when John had been moving over a chair in which he had planned to spend the night in order to keep an eye on Sherlock.
Sherlock pushed John until his back was against the wall.  He quickly unfastened John’s trousers and pushed them off, taking his underwear with them.  He undid his own trousers, just pulling them down far enough to free his cock.  He wanted John right now and didn’t have time to wait.  He had taken to carrying round sachets of lube with him as he found himself overtaken with lust for John at the oddest of times and places and didn’t want to have to stop for the lack of it.
John was pissed off.  This stupid pandemic was messing with his Christmas reunion plans and he wasn’t happy about it.
John smiled down in victory and happiness.  He had exactly what he wanted.  Sherlock had relinquished all control and John had proved that he could drive him to the very edge.  He’d got into that amazing brain and shut down everything but the very basic bodily functions.  All Sherlock wanted was release and John was more than happy to give it to him.
They grinned at each other and settled down into the bed.  John turned off the light as they had the curtains open, letting in the light of the large moon and it wasn’t long before Sherlock’s exhaustion took over and he was fast asleep.  John turned on his side.  He couldn’t help staring at the man beside him.  How was it possible that his miracle wish had been answered and Sherlock had come back into his life?  What was more, it seemed like he had missed John as much as he had been missed himself.
“That’s nice of you to say, dear, we do our best.  I think, if you look closely, you may even see a decoration that Sherlock made on there.”
"In a few moments she will notice the policeman I saw further up the street four minutes ago who should be just about to come round that corner any time now and then she will call him over.  At which point our friend across the way is going to move even more rapidly to the right and lose himself in that crowd around the uni-cyclist.  He will consider that a safe enough distance at which to start a fast-paced walk to make his exit down an alley halfway along that street with his ill-gotten gains."
“A man after my own heart.”  Sherlock leered at him and pounced across the room to land comfortably straddling John’s legs, enjoying the look of surprise on his face.  “To quote one of your infernal movie heroes: Choose your next witticism carefully, Mr Bond, it may be your last.”
Sherlock moved John's legs around his waist so that he could lean down and reach his mouth and neck.  It also had the added bonus of pressing his stomach on top of John's cock providing him some much needed friction.  Sherlock kissed his lips first; quick open mouthed kisses around their heavy breathing.  Then he moved down John's neck and hovered over John's carotid.  He felt John nod his head against his and stretch his neck open further to allow Sherlock access.
“No, we have a place in Berkeley Square in London, where I reside most of the time as it’s convenient for work, and then there’s our Grandmere’s villa in France also.  You’ll have to allow Sherlock to take you there in the summer vacation; the scenery is just exquisite.”
Sherlock let Greg slip out of his mouth but he kept hold of him with his hand, lining himself up so that he could fit his hand around both of their cocks as he stroked them together.  He made his way up the bed so he was lying facing Greg, gave him a quick kiss then held his head up so he could reach the lower side of his neck.  John latched on to the upper side and they both sucked on the skin, making more love bites until they could feel that Greg was ready.
When he woke again, he was instantly aware that he was not alone.  There was no-one standing near his equipment so it was unlikely to be a nurse, but he just knew that something else had disturbed him.  He was propped slightly over to his right side with his left shoulder resting on cushions to stop him pulling on any of the stitches.  He carefully rolled himself over and looked towards the window.  The room was in relative darkness, except for the lights from the machines, but he’d know that silhouette anywhere.
John grinned up at Sherlock and they kissed again.  They sat on the edge of the bed testing out different pressures of kisses seeing which they liked best; soft presses, little nibbles, and it seemed that best of all were the long, drugging kisses where neither of them wanted to pull away.  John had his hand around Sherlock’s neck, playing with the long strands of hair at his nape and Sherlock’s arm was resting on the top of John’s shoulder, his thumb rubbing up and down against the skin of John’s neck.  Eventually, though, Sherlock pulled back.
“It would have been true if we hadn’t got to you when we did.  You would have bled out if you’d been left there any longer, or if they’d inflicted any other injuries upon you.  Let’s just be thankful for what we have and not push our luck, shall we?”
“Then we come to today.  Hearing the news that you wouldn’t be able to return to school after this holiday, really lit the fuse under your seething anger, didn’t it?  I know you’re a member of the shooting club, because I’ve seen you practising at the target range beyond the rugby pitch, when I’ve been watching John play.  It would have been easy for you to swap over the blanks that we were given for the gun, for the express purpose of using for the play, as you would have access to the gun cupboard keys.  You came back after lunch in a towering range and obviously decided that if you couldn’t be here, then why should Jasmine be allowed, either.  You switched the bullets, then just sat back in the wings and waiting for it to happen.  You knew you’d be safe for the first shot, as it was done off stage and the gun was just fired up into the air, as usual, but not so for the second one.”
The first game they played was human rock, paper and scissors.  There were nineteen of them so they split into six teams of three people each with Greg standing aside and being the caller.  The teams split up so that there were three separate games running, each with two teams facing each other.  The teams had to decide between them which shape they were going to perform and then when Greg shouted 1, 2, 3, Go, they all had to jump into that shape and see who won; first to get 10 points won the game.
Your idea concerning having a direct police contact is an intelligent one, so you have already been lifted above the heap of idiocy within which I am usually mired.  I cannot deny that being sober would also make my astute observations be taken more in the manner they deserve so I will consider refraining from further usage until I see how my reactions are received.
“That’s everything in hand then.  Shall we wheel this over to the studios and we can store it all away ready for when we need it.”  John pushed the trolley towards the door, which Sherlock opened for him, and they took it all over to their rehearsal room and unloaded it on to one of the tables.  Then they took the trolley back to the caretaker and headed back to their common room to relax for the rest of the evening.
“Yeah, I know that, but they didn’t, did they?”  John grinned down at Sherlock.  “Hi, I’m John Watson.”
Kerry piped up first.  “We’re on track, I think, Greg.  We’ve more or less altered all the garments we had stored already so they should be ready for fittings next week.  A couple of people have brought in some old fashioned coats for us, so we can work on adapting those as we need to, and we should have it all done very soon.”
"Amazing.  You are bloody amazing.  That is exactly what the man in the shop told me.  It was an old shepherd who lived up in the highlands, on his own with the sheep.  One day his brother went up to see him as he hadn't heard anything for a few weeks and he'd just passed away in his sleep, still sat in the chair outside his hut watching the sheep."
The curtain rose and Jasmine, as Molly, was seated next to the table with the radio.  As she flicked the switch, Sherlock’s dulcet tones poured forth upon the audience and they were off.
“Well, actually, I have a bit of a headache and just wondered if you had anything I could take for it, please?”
Sherlock had no problem with that; he would rather that Mycroft wasn’t around when John’s train came in anyway.  He strode into the station and enquired at the desk on which platform the Peterborough train would be arriving.  He went straight across there and spent the next half hour pacing the platform impatiently.  At one minute before the time it was due (ha, take that, Mycroft!) Sherlock saw movement from further down the line.  He was almost here.  John was nearly here.
He moved down lower to very carefully trace along John’s ribs, making sure not to apply any pressure or to touch the sides of his chest which he already knew were intensely ticklish; he didn’t want pain to be the reason he had John writhing around on the bed.  Sherlock circled around John’s belly button, and then poked in with the tip of his tongue, causing little twitches in reaction.  To John’s supreme disappointment, his cock was not getting the attention it was craving as Sherlock merely nudged it to the side so he could kiss and bite the skin of John’s abdomen without getting hit in the chin.  He followed the blond trail of hair and sucked a large love bite right at the end before it was absorbed into all the other hair.  He did the same at the top of both hip bones and then, abandoning the part John was most interested in, he moved down to the bottom of the bed and picked up one of John’s feet.
“If you look over there as we go round the bend and past those trees you should get your first sight of the house.”
“He said that your father would never allow his son to be forever linked with a lowly gardener’s son.  I knew my father’s job didn’t bother you, but I never wanted you to feel slighted by your peers or disappointed with your choice.  I vowed that I would make something of myself and come back to you as a successful surgeon with a high powered job, a place to live in London and the ability to keep you in the manner to which I knew you were accustomed.  Then it all went to hell and I got shot and now everything is lost.  No job, no house, no money; nothing.”
John put his arms around Sherlock and hugged him.  Sherlock’s arms stuck out as if he didn’t know what to do, before he enfolded John and squeezed him hard for a moment, then let go.  They didn’t usually do public displays of affection and he was unsure where the line lay on what was allowable or not.
Sherlock shook his head gently, looking downcast.  John knew he couldn’t leave Sherlock in that state and knew he would finally have to make the confession he had been hoping to put off as long as possible.  He was sure of his own feelings but was not completely certain of the depth of Sherlock’s and he had wanted to wait as long as possible in case it made things awkward between them.  Seeing Sherlock looking so unsure of himself meant there was no way John couldn’t answer him, though.  He had to man up and tell Sherlock how he felt and just hope that Mycroft had been right about Sherlock’s own feelings.
The awareness had crept up on him slowly but he suspected the attraction had been there from the beginning, if only he had known what to look for.  At the time, he had been fresh back from war and only interested in finding a bit of female companionship.  When he thought back, though, he should have realised how little those women really held his interest from the way that he always dropped them in an instant if Sherlock needed him.  For anything.
“Well done, John, you are using your new senses excellently.  That is, indeed, Lestrade’s car.  Don’t bother getting up, Mrs Hudson is polishing in the hallway and will let him in.”
"I believe that would count as services I have rendered so the reward would surely be mine to claim."
When the heart had cooled they wrapped it up in tissue paper and put it in the box.    They put some extra tissue paper in to hold everything in place so it wouldn’t get shaken around too much during delivery.  Sherlock used some brown paper to wrap the parcel and then wrote John’s address, which he already had memorised, on the label and then got a red pen and wrote ‘fragile’ in big letters in several places just to make sure it got their attention.
“Well, okay, I could see that them knowing Sherlock’s fall was real was necessary, but it’s been over four months now, why have you left me in the dark this long?  You’ve been there every week, Mycroft, you’ve seen in what state I’ve been.   Surely you could have said something?”
John reached over and took Sherlock’s hand, leaning close to look into his eyes.  “It doesn’t bother me at all.  In fact, I feel honoured that out of anyone you could have had, at any time, you’ve chosen me.”
Sherlock wandered round the room, examining the body and the surrounds.  In the corner under a desk he found a splintered piece of wood which the techs had left, assuming it was just junk lying amongst the rest of the detritus on the floor.
They had had several intimate discussions while lying entwined together in bed – the latest of which had been the one which almost led to John reaching his climax before they had even lain naked in bed together.  Sherlock’s voice describing the things he wanted John to do to him at the same time as he was tracing his hand over John’s body nearly proving his limit.  John had expected that Sherlock might have been the one to ‘pop’ first, being new to these sensations so he had been most put out at the almost gleeful expression on Sherlock’s face when he realised the effect he had had.
“It’s fine, John.  I won’t deny that I have been wishing for a little more of your attention, but I know you like to have friends.”
John laughed.  “I am.  Sorry, Sherlock.  Thank you very much for the cakes, I’ve had one already and they’re delicious.”
“He’s definitely had something.  He wouldn’t say things like that.”  Greg blushed.  “Maybe you ought to take him to see the nurse?”
“Oh, you hard nut, you.”  John laughed as he rolled off Sherlock and lay beside him on the floor, his arm wrapping around Sherlock’s chest, leg slipping to rest over Sherlock’s thighs.
John groaned and swayed on his feet, his eyes closed as Sherlock’s words flowed over him.  He grabbed hold of Sherlock’s jaw and pulled him down for an intense kiss, his tongue sweeping through Sherlock’s mouth, almost trying to taste those sounds.  Sherlock wrapped John up in his arms, holding him tightly and running his fingers up and down John’s spine.  He mumbled words against John’s lips, kissing him between each one, telling him in blatant terms exactly what he wanted to do to him.
To finish up they played a game meant to learn each other’s names.  They stood in a circle and threw around a ball and as they threw it across to the next person they had to shout out that person’s name.  This one was quite easy as most of them knew each other already but it was a nice way to ease down to the end of the session and got them all laughing and relaxed.  All in all Greg was pleased with the way everyone had bonded and had high hopes that this would be a successful production.
“Well, thanks.”  John smiled back at her and had a big drink before he turned back to talk to Sherlock.  When they had all finished eating and chatting they cleared away the food and moved the tables out of the way.  Sally turned the music up for people to dance if they wanted to.  People seemed loath to be the first up so Greg made an effort and went over to stand by Sally.
John blushed and cleared his throat.  He had to admit to being a bit nervous, but very excited, at the same time.  They had decided that Sherlock would get to go first.  John said he’d almost had it himself that time when he’d come between Sherlock’s thighs, so Sherlock could experience the real thing first.  They had both had a go at inserting a finger into themselves with some lube, but that had just felt weird somehow, so they had decided to wait and do it properly.
“You’re welcome, brother mine.  My men are just approaching from the opposite direction to the Detective Inspector and will probably arrive together so look like you’re working on John until they can get him in to the ambulance and away.  Good luck, Sherlock.”
"Ah, there you are, officer.  We appear to have apprehended your thief.  I believe you'll find the purse he has stolen in his left inside pocket, as well as another two on the right by the feel of things."
Sherlock smiled at John’s initial comment.  There had been several things John had said over the last couple of days that showed he was glad Sherlock had come to see him and Sherlock certainly wasn’t going to leave unless John specifically asked.
Even through his despair, Sherlock knew he needed to get John out of here before Lestrade arrived and tried to take him away and there was only one person he could call.  He pulled out his phone and dialled his brother.
"Oh you did.  We're moving on to the next portion of the evening.  Now for every correctly answered question one item of clothing will be removed.  You can choose if it's from me or you but I'll choose which item it is."
“Well, seeing as you and your brother aren’t really the dates that Greg hired, I’m assuming you’re here on business of your own.”
"I have an adjoining dressing room so I'll suggest she sets you up next door to me and then what no-one sees, no-one will know any better, will they."
John pulled back as he watched Sherlock admiring his handiwork, knowing he would have a bright red mark on his neck for all to see later.  He couldn’t bring himself to care; in fact, he was proud of it.  He wanted everyone to see that Sherlock was his; that they were together; that he had been enough to interest and excite this usually stoic man of science.  He smiled at Sherlock.
“Delighted to meet you, Mr Watson, especially if this is the kind of effect you have on my dear brother.”
“You say that as though this is ending, Lestrade.”  Sherlock looked over at John, his eyebrow raised in question and John gave him an ‘are you sure’ look back.  “I think John and I would be more than happy to invite you back over for an occasional dalliance.  I think we can all agree this was a successful venture.”
“Yes, we got him.  Your intel panned out and we stopped him.  Turned out I knew him; met him in Afghanistan.”
When the whole cast and crew had arrived on Wednesday, and had finished doing their usual warm up, Sherlock carried over the radio which was hidden under a cloth.  When everyone was looking, John pulled the cloth aside and shouted ‘Ta da!’
Sherlock smirked sheepishly then climbed on to the bed, his eyes fastened on John as he revealed the rest of his body.  John stood back and held his arms wide, holding himself open for inspection.
“John!  John, you’re ok; you’ll be ok.  Stay with me, John.”  Sherlock could hear the blood bubbling in John’s chest as he struggled to breathe.  Sherlock bent down and shouted in John’s ear.  “Come on, John.  You can’t leave me.”
“Okay everyone, thanks for coming today.  I know you’re probably all already in holiday mode.  I just wanted to thank you for all you’ve done so far.  It’s really starting to come together now and we’re getting a feel for the whole thing.  If I could ask you all to do your best over the Christmas holidays to get completely off-book that would be great.  Then when we come back we can get straight into full-on rehearsals to bring this whole thing off as best as we can, and show them that our play is the best one they’ve ever seen.”
Well that was everyone.  It seemed Sherlock would have a busy evening enlightening John as to what he had deduced when they finished here.
He pushed John up the bed so that he could rest against the headboard and see what Sherlock was doing to him.  He unfastened John’s trousers and slid them down; enjoying the fact that John hadn’t put any pants on in his rush to leave earlier so his cock sprang free, already hard with a bead of pre-come waiting to be tasted.  Sherlock leant forward and licked the slit, gathering the droplet and making a great show of swirling his tongue round his mouth to get the full flavour.  John couldn’t tear his face away from the sight of Sherlock between his legs and in the next moment he let out a mighty shout as Sherlock bent over and deep throated him in one go, proving his lack of gag reflex as well as not needing to breathe.
“You totally didn’t.  Listen when I say it.  ‘Sherlock, I love you’,” John said it quickly and dismissively, then he sat up and gazed deeply into Sherlock’s eyes.  “’Sherlock, I love you.’”  This time he said it slowly and with a depth of feeling, holding eye contact the whole time.
"That's the one.  I'm going to be Major Metcalf, if you can remember any of the characters, and Sherlock is prop master.  He's also going to be the voice of the news announcer coming over the radio, so we don't need it to actually work, just to look old fashioned.  Maybe we could rig up a dial and a switch with a light behind it, too, just to make it look good.  Do you think that would be possible?"
Being a medical man, I have to agree with those saying that you really shouldn’t be doing drugs.  I’ve seen the outcomes of far too many overdoses when I’ve done shifts in A&E and it would be such a waste of your life to end up like that.  You sound like you’re an intelligent guy and you must know how bad it is and how easy to slip from supposed recreation to full-blown addiction – all it takes is one hit and then you need another and another until your last one and it’s all over.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to lecture you there, but I really would like to continue writing to you so any means to keep you alive would be preferable to me.
Hope this isn’t u sulking. Sorry it took me a whole week to find it but like I said he was pretty deep underground. B.
“We ordered the dial obviously, but we built the whole thing ourselves and fitted the attachments and everything else.  Do you think it’ll be okay?”
It took three more days for Greg to get back to them.  John had a text on the Saturday afternoon asking whether they would be free that evening if Greg was to pop over so John let him know that would be fine.
Unfortunately, near the drinks table, stood Sherlock's cousins.  He'd already had a barrage of teasing from the two who had been staying with them, but now they were reinforced by the others, too, so Sherlock knew he would be in for a fresh assault.
Sherlock pressed his tongue into the pulse and felt the speed of John's blood racing through his excited body.  He extended his fangs and bit down as he pushed deeply into John's body and as he swallowed down a few mouthfuls of blood he felt a quiver around his shaft as John pulsed out his release between them.  That was all it took for Sherlock; he thrust in one more time and he came as he drank, taking from one part as he gave to another.
He’d been careful to get flavoured oil as he’d known he wouldn’t be able to keep his mouth to himself once he got started.  The slightly fruity taste mixed nicely with Sherlock’s own juices and he enjoyed watching Sherlock’s face as he sucked his finger deeply into his mouth, rolling it around with his tongue and making pornographic noises to hold Sherlock’s attention.  Sherlock’s jaw dropped at the sight before him and his own groan joined the noises John was making as he watched the suggestive way John was moving his hand.  Sherlock tried to pull his own hand down to replace John’s but, of course, it was secured and his head fell back against the pillow as he realised there was nothing he could do.
John shuffled closer to Sherlock and looked into his eyes.  He could see no doubt or uncertainty with regard to what they were about to do and it gave him the confidence to proceed.  He leant forward and gently pressed his lips against Sherlock’s, keeping his eyes open and watching to make sure he didn’t hurt him by accident.  When he pulled back, Sherlock licked his lips, smiled and pointed back at them again, wanting more.  John angled his head over to give a better position and tried it again, pressing lots of small kisses to Sherlock’s lips before trying a couple of longer, deeper ones.
If you’re worried about Mycroft interfering then I can only apologise for him and I’ll try to keep him away from you as much possible.  Just ignore everything he said to you.  I can always set Mummy on him if I need to; though that might be like jumping from the frying pan into the fire as she would be so excited and want to know the ins and outs of our every move.  I would do it for you though.
Sherlock felt the tingles in his scalp as John’s fingers gripped his hair.  Oh goodness.  He thought he could maybe come on that alone.  He would have to find a way to get real-John to play with his hair again – it was amazingly sensitive and responsive and something he found he loved.  He obliged the motion of the hands by swallowing as much of John’s cock as he could whilst vigorously stroking the part he couldn’t cover with his lips.  His groin was rubbing frantically against the bed as he tried to get some friction on his own cock at the same time.  He was really very close but he almost didn’t want to come and for this dream to end – this was the best he had ever felt and he was enjoying the feelings too much.
I didn’t want to let you out of my sight when they took you away to check you over and to be de-briefed.  I think Mycroft must have stepped in again to smooth the way for you because one of the other soldiers told me that usually they would keep you locked away for days whilst they got all the information from you, but I saw you again only a few hours later.  Even that length of time was too much though.  I doubted that you were really back; that it had all happened.  I’m sorry if you felt smothered by me after that, but I couldn’t let you go again.  It was only when I held you in my arms that you felt real.
The next morning when they were in the form room John made a point of talking to Sherlock.  Mike joined in with them as John had said Sherlock was a good guy and had explained to Mike how Sherlock had saved him from an awkward situation with Sarah and Derek.  Mike was always willing to see the good in someone so even though Sherlock had been standoffish since he’d started, Mike was happy to give him a second chance.
Thanks for your letter.  Let me just say, it is definitely worth receiving and nice to have something to re-read so it provides more than just a small respite.
When they arrived back from their ride, they had a cooked lunch in the kitchen with the Carstairs.  Sherlock said they would just make themselves some sandwiches later, when they felt like it, so the Carstairs could go on home and have the evening to themselves.  It didn’t take much to persuade them, since they had been working flat out with all these extra guests and the parties.  They both had a soft spot for Sherlock, so were happy to oblige him.
Sherlock grinned.  “It did look real, didn’t it?  I modelled it on that frog we dissected when I was ten, do you remember?”
"I'm sure his mother will want to see him herself.  I would need to speak to her before any decision could be made."
“I was very nicely warm when I woke up and I certainly don’t drop off in that manner on a normal occasion so what you say might be true.  I’m sure your girlfriends don’t usually complain.”
Sherlock and John stood on the steps waving goodbye to Mummy and Aunt Regina.  Mycroft had gone back first thing, as he couldn’t be spared from the office any longer.  He had threatened that he was going to be stopping by at some point over the next few days, whilst Mummy was away, though, to check on them, much to Sherlock’s chagrin - “I’ll be eighteen in a few days, Mycroft, and John is already eighteen, so I think we can be trusted”.  All the other guests had already departed and the boys were looking forward to finally having some time alone.
Mycroft’s brow creased.  He knew that Sherlock had said that he couldn’t take any identifying papers or phone or anything in with him but surely he had been going back to his room at night and if he had received a message about John’s assassin he would have taken action immediately, regardless of what else he was doing.  At a minimum he would have replied to this Billy or passed that information on to be dealt with by Mycroft.  He would have wanted John free as soon as possible.  Mycroft had been passing on comments regarding John’s state to Sherlock and he had been able to tell exactly how hard it had hit Sherlock to be deceiving his friend in this manner.  He wouldn’t have prolonged the situation for any reason.
He realised exactly where he’d be going for his next port of call.  There was only one person that would have the kind of power to make him ‘Almighty’ and John knew Sherlock didn’t mean God.
As they had done in past years, they had held a little party to celebrate both their birthdays.  It was usually organised between the two dates but this year it had been delayed until the weekend after they started back to school.  They had invited the whole class as usual, even though Sherlock didn’t consider them his friends, which had included the new girl, Mary Morstan.
John got him a cup of water and helped him to take a few sips to clear his throat.  He plumped his pillows a bit and propped him up slightly, making sure not to move his hand.
He accepted that John liked to do a round of everyone and make sure things were running smoothly as they were the nominal hosts of the evening, but this year ‘that girl’ had hogged the limelight the whole evening, monopolising John’s attention.  She had even withstood one of Sherlock’s cutting appraisals which sent most people running.  All that had got him was an angry frown from John and him taking Mary off to another part of the room, leaving Sherlock even more on his own.
Rachel and Kerry said they would go through the clothing in the store room and pick out some warm things.  The play was set in snowy, bad weather and even though the set was indoors, people would probably still be in long sleeved shirts or jumpers.  A couple of the cast volunteered that they had their warm winter jackets in their trunks which they would be happy to wear for their characters, so that would help too.
John had had very little to do with Sherlock’s father over the years.  He was usually away working in London or abroad and, on the rare occasions when he was at home, John and Sherlock had always been warned away from disturbing him and told to play on the other side of the house or outside, if at all possible.
A thick towelling dressing gown was pulled on to his body and the towel round his neck was raised to cover his head and he was towed forward to sit in his chair which had been turned to face the fire.  Only when he was seated, his scalp having been rubbed vigorously to dry his hair, and his body starting to thaw out in the heat of the fire was the towel removed and he saw the vision of Sherlock kneeling in front of him holding a cup of tea.
"Get what over with?  And, of course, I won't be punching you or leaving, what on earth are you talking about?"
“What are we going to do now?  If we ask people if they put pills in to the drinks they’re obviously not going to admit it and then they will know we are on to them and we’ll never find out who it was.”
John burst out laughing and Sherlock’s lip twitched shyly; pleased to be the cause of the laughter instead of the butt of it, for once.
He and John were in their final year, having started their A Levels together despite there being almost a full year difference between their ages.  Sherlock had graduated well ahead of everyone else in his class even though he, technically, should have been in the year below as his birthday was on the first of September and the cut-off point for the school year was usually the thirty-first of August.  John’s birthday was the seventh of September so he was the oldest in their year, having already had his eighteenth birthday on the second day of term.
“It wasn’t your fault, John, and there’s no point dwelling on it now; what’s done is done.  Just to know that you still want me after all this time is enough.  I’ve always loved you too and I would be happy to hold on to your heart as you have always held on to mine.”
“No he’s not the sort to sneak drinks in that way; if he was going to drink he’d share with everyone.”
“Don’t be stupid, I’m not going anywhere and neither are you.  You just need some time to get used to your new strengths and abilities.  That’s why we’ve come out here away from everyone to give you a chance to adapt.”
John’s eyes widened and his jaw dropped open.  He scrambled backwards off the bed and stood with his back against the wall, arms splayed in front of him.
"Thanks, it sounds like you've got most of it covered then.  What do you think about your costume, John?  Did you picture the Major in uniform or just a smart blazer and trousers?"
“This will not always be an easy stratagem for you to use to manipulate me, Mycroft.  I deign to accept because I wish to and for no other reason.”
Sherlock brought him his drink just as the bell rang downstairs.  John watched as Sherlock went downstairs – voluntarily - and came back up carrying takeaway from their favourite Chinese restaurant.  He plated up their meals and sat down next to John and proceeded to actually eat most of his meal with John looking on, blinking bemusedly.  When they were done Sherlock took out their plates, made them each a cup of tea and put on a James Bond movie as he sat back down next to John and pulled John’s head down to rest on his shoulder.
Sherlock rested his head in the crook of John’s neck, enjoying the scent and warmth of his lover.  John’s arms encircled him, rubbing small circles on his back until Sherlock had recovered enough to move.  Sherlock reached for the towel he had used to dry John’s hair and cleaned them both up.  He pulled John to his feet, re-fastened his robe and eased him down onto the sofa.  He pulled on his own robe and went into the kitchen to get a cold beer from the fridge – John’s favourite brand, which John knew hadn’t been there this morning.
Sherlock went in to the dressing room to get the suit he had chosen for the party.  He had picked a dark purple shirt which he had bought after John had pointed out a similar one, saying how much it would suit Sherlock.  That had been the last time they had gone into town to meet up with Mike and Molly after John had had a Saturday rugby match.  He decided to get changed in the dressing room so that the complete outfit would be a nice surprise for John, and he hoped John would be pleased when he saw it.
London was in the top tier for lockdown so people were not allowed to meet in groups and all the pubs and restaurants were closed.  Only essential food shops were open so John would have to buy himself some booze to drink at home – and, yes, it was bloody essential, thank you very much!
“Mrs Hudson said that you should give things to people you care about so I thought I would surprise you.”
Stacey, who was in charge of the tech board, doing lights and sound, was also sighing quietly to herself, but her reason looked to be the opposite of Rebecca's.  She wasn't jealous of Jasmine for professional reasons; it seemed that it was definitely personal for her.  If Sherlock had to say anything he would say that she appeared almost wistful as she watched Jasmine.  He would say that they had been friends previously but had had a falling out or, more likely, that Stacey had been dumped by Jasmine; another victim of her popularity.
John finished in the bathroom and found Sherlock ready and waiting for him outside the door.  He assisted John to his room,  which he had turned down ready, and helped John to get undressed, brushing aside any embarrassment as he had done earlier that morning when he had helped John into his clothes at the hospital.  Sherlock held the cover up for him to get in then pulled it back over him, smiling as he turned to leave.
"Oh, not much.  I just told him what might happen if he continued along the path he was taking.  Bullies are all the same when you stand up to them.  I've seen you handle them yourself at school so I know you know that.  I think it's just that you're too close to the situation with your own family, and it's been going on for so long that it's just become expected behaviour.  I merely let Simon know that it would no longer be acceptable and I think he understands that.  You shouldn't have any bother again."
“Well, I suppose I should be getting back.  You know it’s not safe to leave him on his own for too long without a case.  I’ll probably get home to find half the kitchen blown away.”
“You can have it all the time.  As long as whoever is being bitten has had some blood before we start we can take what we like.”
“Only to which I seriously object - that means you think there is something to which I will object but you don’t consider it an issue?   Hmm, do you want me to guess what that is?”
“Then don’t ask leading questions, Mr Lestrade.”  John joined in with Greg’s laughter and they made their way over to their dates for the evening in high spirits.
I am currently interred in this facility due to my stupid brother and his overbearing inability to keep his nose out of my business.  I use cocaine in a purely recreational manner to silence the mundane drivel that surrounds my daily existence.  I control it; it doesn’t control me – regardless of what these ridiculous so-called doctors here keep trying to infer.
"Mike and Molly wanted to sit alone so they could indulge in the time honoured couples ritual of kissing in the back row."
“I think we both know that’s not true, don’t we, John?  It seems that since you have entered his acquaintance, it is something that has reared its ugly head.”
“Oh sure.”  John lifted his shirt and showed Greg his unblemished skin where the bolt had entered his body.  “You were the perfect cure.  Guess I should say a proper thank you for that.”
“It definitely looked a bit more authentic in the scenes where we had some props added.  So if you could get everything sorted ready for the later scenes as well, Sherlock, that would be great, and I think it would help to pull the performances together.”  Sherlock nodded, already planning exactly how he wanted things properly set up ready for the next session.
"I know.  Your eventual goal is to be a doctor, but you are also wavering towards joining the armed forces and so possibly combining the two aspirations.  I suspect you had a family member who was a serving officer."
John left the shirts and moved to the two shelves underneath.  Here was evidence of Sherlock’s sock index at work, though John found it hard to tell the difference in shade from one pair of black socks to another.  At least he wouldn’t get in trouble if he disturbed it this time, he thought, as he moved the socks aside to see if there was anything hidden in the drawer.  His finger touched something hard.  There, right at the back, was a small phone.  John pulled it out to examine it.  It was just a cheap old Nokia, maybe a burner phone; nothing like as sophisticated as Sherlock’s normal model.  He turned the screen on and, luckily for him, it started up first time without a password.
John slid off the bed and landed on the floor between Sherlock’s legs so that he had better access and, more importantly, so he could look up at Sherlock whilst he sucked his cock and watch how he reacted to each touch.  John tried to take as much down as he could; he had slowly been getting better at this and he loved the way Sherlock’s eyes rolled back when he did it, little involuntary noises escaping out of his mouth.
He moved over so that he was lying comfortably on his back though he still made sure to allow plenty of room for Sherlock.  The bed was reasonably soft and very spacious and it felt nice to be able to stretch out properly after several nights of sleeping in a chair.  He cleared his throat to warn Sherlock that the nightmares from which he had thought himself cured had returned after he thought Sherlock dead but Sherlock beat him to it.
John laughed and swatted Sherlock on the arse as he jumped out of bed and ran towards the bathroom.  Before he reached the door, however, Sherlock was on him and pressed himself against John's back, rubbing his sticky body all over him.
“Well, the width of the area and the scatter pattern tells me that the exit wound was here at the front so you were obviously shot through the single hole in the back.  The angle of entry tells me that you were kneeling down at the time, most likely leaning over a patient.  I would posit that it was an insurgent sniper who attacked you after your patrol was caught by an IED and you were treating the wounded.”
The next week passed quite quickly, with the boys busy every day.  They went swimming each morning and then circled back to pick up a picnic, before saddling up the horses and heading out for a day on the estate.  Sherlock took John around the whole property in stages and they also rode through the local forest one day, and out on to a large heathland on the other side.
"This is really serious then.  If someone is truly trying to hurt Jasmine, do you think they are going to try again?"
I’m sure your lectures can’t be that bad.  The subjects seem interesting at least.  I did some Chemistry as part of my medical training, obviously, but I haven’t done any Forensics.  It sounds like it would be a great option to choose.  Are you interested in joining the police?
“As always, you see but you do not observe.”  Sherlock winked at John.  “It began during our first rehearsal when I noticed how everyone was reacting to Jasmine.”
John glared at him for a moment so Sherlock mimed zipping his lips and throwing away the key.  John rolled his eyes but carried on.
Sherlock covered the mouthpiece as he spoke.  “He’s our butler/estate manager.  Mummy doesn’t like mobile phones so I’ve had to ring the house phone.  He’s gone to get her now.”
John walked over to the table where his friends were all gathered; complimenting each other on how fabulous they all looked.  John looked all around the room but couldn’t see Sherlock anywhere.  He sighed in disappointment and resigned himself to sitting through another long evening doing something in which he had little interest or enthusiasm.
Seeing your face that first day when you met me at the station was so exciting and exceeded all expectations.  You were just perfect and meeting you in person was even better than the thrill on first getting to hear your sultry, honey-toned voice when I rang you to confirm what time my train was arriving.
“Thanks, that’d be right nice of you.  Mrs Johnson does like a good drama.  It’ll be nice to see you boys in action.  I’ll look forward to it.”
Sherlock eased John back so he could see his face.  He stared into his eyes unsure for once how to tell him or how he would take the news.  This was something beyond even his deductions.
“Oh yes, Sherlock, that would be amazing.  You have the perfect sort of voice for that.  Will you do it?”
What on earth had made him imagine Sherlock doing that?  Sherlock wasn’t even like that.  He didn’t remember ever seeing Sherlock with anyone or even talking about anyone in that way.  It was a good job Sherlock would never know what he had been thinking; that would just make things weird.  And anyway, he reminded himself, still not gay!
“Send one back saying: ‘Hi Greg.  I’m doing ok, thanks for caring.  Sherlock is being an arse as usual but I’ll keep him in check. John.’”
Sherlock blushed.  "You were amazing.  When you stepped up to that door you just completely became a retired soldier."
“Mummy, this is my friend, John Watson.  John, this is my mother, Felicia Holmes, and my aunt, Regina Harwood.”
“Nor do I intend to let you; your presence is a great reassurance to me – both to the state of my own well-being and, more importantly, to yours.”
“Nothing, Mr Moran.  We merely provided you with your libations for the evening; the confession was all your own work.  Now if you would just like to accompany these gentlemen, they will see to your future accommodation.”
“Oh, do you have some things missing or has it just been a busy term?”  John smiled winningly at her as he asked his question, in faux innocence.
Saturday morning dawned bright and clear and sitting in the waiting room for the casting session found John projecting calm, but Sherlock knew John well enough that he could tell it was taking a lot to pull it off.  That bit of acting alone should get him the part, never mind his actual audition.  The Drama Club didn’t usually have an excessive number of members, just enough for the roles and minimal backstage and John was the third to be seen so he was quite pleased to be able to get his audition out of the way early.
“I can tell just from observing you and from seeing how you’ve interacted with everyone over the last week.”
Sherlock’s hands were gripped around John’s waist and he found himself sliding them up John’s back, enjoying the movement of the muscles under his shirt.  Sherlock pulled the material out of the back of John’s trousers; wanting to actually feel the texture of John’s skin under his fingertips.  Sherlock swallowed a moan from John’s mouth as he slid his hands along the ridges of John’s spine.
“It was, wasn’t it?  You always get me.”  John smiled at him and then sighed, “I wish Mary could be a bit more like you.”
“I love you too, John.”  Sherlock ran his finger along John’s nose and pressed it on to John’s lips.  John kissed the tip and then settled back on Sherlock’s chest.  Just as he was drifting off to sleep he almost felt rather than heard a rumble of “Mine.  Always.”  John smiled against Sherlock’s skin and the next moment he was asleep.
“That’s what I like to hear.  So, you must be Sherlock.  I don’t think we’ve met properly, though I have seen you down at the rugby pitch; are you a fan?”
“If you find yourself in London then you should drop in at 221B Baker Street – I’m sure John would be delighted to meet a fan of his blog.”
Before Mrs Hudson could gather up the left-over pastry to roll another batch though, Sherlock grabbed the pieces and asked if he could make something with it.  She was happy to oblige as she already had two full trays of tarts for everyone to eat.  Sherlock filled his own tarts with jam using another flavour and made one with a different jam on each half which he declared would taste the best and was going to be his.  Mrs Hudson smiled at him fondly as she turned to put the first tray in the oven.
“You need to get me in there, Mycroft.  He must have been captured and they’ve been searching his room to see if they can find out about him.”
Sherlock texted Lestrade that John was safely out of surgery but due to his injuries would need time for recuperation so the pair of them were going away for a few weeks and would let him know when they were back and ready for cases.  He very quickly had a reply, swearing at him for taking so long and not keeping people updated on John’s condition.  He showed it to John who snorted.
As the questions needed more complex answers so Sherlock gave John more and deeper kisses.  After a few more on the lips he gave the next one on the neck.  He dragged his teeth across the skin from the curve of the neck all the way up to John's ear and nibbled on it.  John groaned and tilted his head further over to allow Sherlock more access and Sherlock took full advantage.
They heard a rumble of voices coming down the corridor, obviously more than just Sally; it seemed she had been joined by quite a few of the other cast members on her way.  After another few minutes the remainder had arrived and Greg called everyone into a circle.
He had been friends with plenty of guys when he was in the army, even quite liked the look of a couple of them but he had never taken it further.  Everyone had been in the same boat over there and people just got on with their day; taking care of solitary business in the showers when necessary.
“Colonel Sebastian Moran.  What on earth are you doing here?  I haven’t seen you since we were on our last tour.”
“Your father received a letter from the army telling him of your injury – he’s on his way to see you, by the way, he’ll be here on the first train this morning.”
Mary held up her hand.  “John, you don’t have to say anything.  I just hope that, someday, someone looks at me the way you two look at each other.  Now get yourself across the room before I have to drag you over there myself.”
John just stared at Sherlock, jaw dropped, eyes wide. He shook his head.   "How...? You got all that from one look?  That was bloody amazing. But... how did you know that I like boys?"
He started now by resting his fingers over John’s wrist, both to feel the skin and to measure John’s heartbeat, and spent a pleasant hour or so monitoring the data and storing the information in his mind palace.  The increased speed he could currently sense told him that John was surfacing towards wakefulness.  He wondered what John’s immediate reaction would be and it seemed he didn’t have long to wait.
It all started with an invitation in the mail.  John Watson had been back in the country for six months now and was very slowly re-integrating himself back to life in London.  He had been attending sessions with his therapist and, though her idea about starting a blog had been completely unhelpful, her recommendation to apply to the GP surgery within the Health Centre where she had her office had borne fruit.  He had an interview later that week to provide locum cover whilst one of the partners was on maternity leave.  GP work wasn’t the most thrilling option after his three tours in Afghanistan but it would tide him over until he decided what he wanted to do with his now defunct army career.
Do you get to go home for Christmas?  How much longer do you have to stay in that place, have they given you a time scale?
Memories of soft, dark curls played through his mind as he gently pressed his cock towards the warmth; hoping that if he ran his hands through that hair it might urge her forward to take him deep into her mouth. Huh, that’s funny; Mary had straight, blond hair?  His dream-self shrugged and angled his body higher, pushing his hips in as he felt her large hands against his back, holding him safe.  Mary had very small hands.  This dream image wasn’t really holding true to form but he was more than happy to enjoy the results regardless.
John laughed as he admitted that but he had noticed the pride and pleasure on Greg’s face when he had said Greg was one of the chosen few.  John had given him plenty more to think about and helped to calm any of his major worries he hoped.  Now it was up to Greg to think everything through and make his decision.
John edged just the head of his cock into Greg and it pushed Greg forwards so that he felt Sherlock close his mouth around him.  John started a slow rocking motion, pushing himself inside Greg a little further each time and making Sherlock swallow a little more of Greg’s cock each time as Greg thrust forward too.  Soon John was fully buried inside Greg and he stopped for a minute to enjoy the tight heat grasping his shaft and give Greg a moment to adjust to being filled.
When John came out he had a smile on his face so the audition had obviously gone well which was a relief.  They headed back out to their rooms, taking the scenic tour that went past their own private alcove.
“Oh look, Sherlock.”  As he said it he stepped to the left, capturing Sherlock’s full attention, then bent gracefully at the waist, right down to the ground, waving his arse in the air whilst he picked up a couple of small rocks.  He got up and spun around on the spot to see Sherlock’s mouth clicking shut as he quickly closed it, blinking his eyes to disguise the dilating pupils.
“This is John Watson leaving a message for Sherlock Holmes.  I have to believe you are out there in the Universe somewhere.  The world couldn’t exist without you in some form.  I know I can’t.  I just…  Why didn’t you let me help you if you were struggling?  Nobody would truly believe that shit Moriarty spewed out – we could have fought it.  I could have done something…  Anyway, one of these steps I’m supposed to follow tells me to ask forgiveness and to reach out to people I’ve wronged so I just wanted to say I’m sorry that I couldn’t do more and give you what you needed.  I really miss you, Sherlock.”
“You have clearly been on active duty as recently as three months ago.  Your hands are tanned but there is no tan above your wrists so not from sunbathing, therefore, serving in a hot country; most likely Afghanistan.  Your injury has precluded your continuing service, thus you have been honourably discharged; though I would say that the leg was not the point of impact as you are not favouring it as you stand here.”
I am comfortable stripping off; I’ve never been shy about my body, and you are also correct in saying that I consider myself bi.  I have always been attracted to an individual as themselves and not as their gender.  I never knew Smithy was interested in me, he kept that well hidden – well, except obviously not hidden enough for you, of course.  I’m not looking for someone else, so you don’t have to concern yourself with him.  Not that you would, I don’t know why I said that.  I don’t even know what you like.
John chuckled as he looked at the beautiful man in front of him.  He cleared his throat and pointed at Sherlock’s lower body.
“My feelings for you haven’t changed at all in that time.  I think I’ve loved you all my life, one way or another; since I first met you when you were six years old in that park with those ridiculous bullies, from whom you didn’t really need saving, but I charged in anyway.”
Two weeks later they were once again out working a case.  They had been brought in to consult on the murder of a young Chinese woman and Sherlock had worked out that she had been smuggled into the country as part of an illegal operation and they were currently staking out the hideout of the gang.  Greg was there with his officers who were stationed at various points around the perimeter.  Sherlock had, of course, found the best place for John and himself to wait where there was the most likelihood of activity.
As if Sherlock would be anywhere else when he was finally getting what he wanted.  John was letting his 'Captain Watson' side have free rein and Sherlock could feel the excitement flowing from him through their joined hands.  John’s pulse was racing and Sherlock could hear the way his heart was beating almost double time in his eagerness to reach home and to take what was on offer when he got there.  There were so many things Sherlock wanted to do to him but he had made the decision to leave this one in John’s hands and he wouldn’t change his mind now.  There would be plenty of time for him to take what he wanted later – well he hoped so anyway.
I think I might follow your suggestion of cultivating a contact within the police with whom I can share my deductions.  The sergeant we met at that crime scene seemed almost intelligent for a police officer and I got his badge number and contact details so I thought I might use him.  It should do wonders for his career path if he will just follow my lead so I’m hoping he will be open to the opportunity.
“Yes, it always feels like that.  I know when Sherlock first bit me at the moment of climax it just made it seem to last forever and it was like my whole body was feeling it.  I’m just sorry I didn’t get to lead you through your first experience with it; I’m afraid I was rather preoccupied at the time.”  John laughed and Greg joined in shyly.
"It's only three weeks 'til the performances.  Do you guys think I should cancel to be on the safe side?"
John grabbed a couple of whisky glasses from the kitchen.  He poured two generous measures and handed one to Sherlock as they settled in to their chairs which had been pulled closer to the fire that Sherlock had lit, creating a nice cosy atmosphere.  They both took a sip which was swirled across their taste buds to extract the greatest flavour before warming their throats and stomach as they swallowed and sighed in pleasurable unison.
Friend?  I haven’t really had a friend before.  I’m not usually the kind of person that people take to.  I tend to tell them what I see when I look at them and they normally react by telling me to piss off.  You are already the person I seem to have had the most contact with in years and you haven’t even seen me.  I wonder if that would change if I were to see you in person and tell you what I deduced about you?  Maybe you could send me a photo of yourself and I’ll tell you what I see and then if you’re going to tell me to piss off you can do it now before I get even more invested.
He pushed the front door closed behind him and leaned against it for a moment, looking up towards the seventeen stairs in front of him and wondering if it might not just be easier to collapse here and spend the night with his head resting on the bottom step.  Only the thought that, hopefully, Sherlock would be home when he reached the top of those stairs impelled him onwards.  He grabbed hold of the rail and almost hauled himself up each one, his teeth still chattering as they tried to adjust to the slighter warmer air in the hall.
“John, John, nooooooo.”  Sherlock let rip with another scream and John took pity and sat back on his hips, laughing as he looked down at him.
“That was an easy deduction based on your height and body size.  Plus, I’ve seen your feet up on the desk when you’ve been revising.”
John was the first aider for the production so he carefully pulled up the material to expose Matthew's leg, and saw a long cut down the back of his calf.  Fortunately, it was only a superficial skin wound and it didn't appear to go too deeply into the muscles below.  John took a pad and a bandage from the first aid box, which was kept in the corner of the room, and wrapped his leg for him.  Greg was standing right by them so John got him to hold crossed arms with him, and Anderson helped Matthew to stand up and put his arms around their necks.  He sat on their joined hands and they carried him out and across to the Nurse's Office for him to have his leg examined properly.
They both burst out laughing, loving the fact that they could enjoy all this with each other, and that they wanted the same things.  They knew it was going to seem a long time to wait until after New Year, but they both decided it would definitely be worth it.
“What does this mean for Jasmine then?  Was it just a silly prank or was someone trying to hurt her?  Who would have access to those sorts of pills?”
He never went out.  He barely ate, except when Mrs Hudson put something physically in his hand and after a few moments of confusion at what it was doing there, he would eat it just to get rid of it.  He wasn’t sleeping in his bed at all; he would just drop off randomly on the sofa and wake up to half the day being gone.  He would look around for Sherlock, wondering if he was out on a case and had thoughtfully left him there to sleep.   Then he’d see the dust on Sherlock’s chair – which he didn’t allow anyone to sit in – and he would remember and it would hit him all over again; the vicious cycle beginning its daily round once more.  He couldn’t even sit in his own chair any longer either because the close-up view of Sherlock’s empty chair was just too painful.
John smiled and kissed Sherlock again.  He made sure he had gotten every scrap of blood from Sherlock's mouth before moving on to scatter kisses all over his face.  John pushed Sherlock backwards, wanting to be on top to have easier access.  He pushed him a little bit further than he expected with his new found strength, though, and Sherlock crashed against the opposite wall as he hadn't braced himself, not expecting the move.
“You might as well help yourself.  I know you rushed out too quickly to have stopped for anything to eat before you left this morning.”
What did it mean? Feelings?  Sherlock said ‘my feelings for you’ – did that mean what he thought it meant?  Of course not, he must mean his feelings as a friend; it couldn’t be anything more than that.  Could it?  Don’t be silly, John; nothing but wishful thinking.  You are projecting your own wishes on to the message.  ‘Always yours’ though?  That surely couldn’t mean anything else, could it?  Too bad that ‘always’ hadn’t seemed to mean the same length of time to Sherlock as it would have to him.
Sherlock had left the door slightly ajar and he popped his head round about twenty minutes later to check and saw that John was out like a light.  He was lying on his side facing the open side of the bed which was just perfect for Sherlock’s purposes.  He undressed, put on his pyjamas and, moving carefully so as not to disturb John, he climbed into the bed.  He edged himself closer so that he was lying in front of John and then he spent a happy, peaceful two hours watching John sleep.  It was so restful, in fact, that before he realised it, Sherlock was fast asleep himself, lulled by John’s rhythmic breathing.
Olivia was the girl who had spoken about the scenery.  She seemed very confident in her views and was obviously very knowledgeable about the artistic side of things but, like Marcus, she seemed to have little interest in her fellow performers.  Her partner, though - Julian, wasn't it - now he was more interesting.  He was another one who seemed to be in the anti-Jasmine camp.  He was positively glaring at her on occasions.  That seemed more than simple jealousy or envy; he appeared to actively hate her.  There was obviously something deeper going on there.  He might have to ask John about that one, as there was no way he could glean more information without knowing a little something more about the reasons behind the hatred.
“Valentine’s Day isn’t stupid, Sherlock.  It’s a day when you can show someone that you care about them, and you do it in secret so they don’t know who it’s from, so it makes a lovely surprise for them.”
“Yes, John?”  Sherlock’s deep baritone sent a shiver through John and for the third time in as many minutes, John was fighting to articulate a single sentence.  John frowned for a moment, annoyed at himself for his lack of control and at Sherlock for his apparently inadvertent interruptions.  Sherlock smiled to himself but decided to give John a break; he could see how hard he was trying.
“What?  Not again.  The paramedics should be here soon, as well as the rest of my team.  I cuffed the guy groaning in the garden outside.  Was that your handiwork?”
Mike pushed past him on his way to get a drink for himself and his date and John leaned over to get out of his way.  As he did so, he saw him.  Oh, wow – he was here!  He’d actually come and he looked bloody gorgeous, John could willingly admit that.  He’d never had a problem knowing that his friend had amazing looks and had often teased him about it before when girls had tried to chat him up.  He had just never thought it would be himself who turned out to be as bad as one of those drooling groupies who couldn’t take his eyes off the beautiful sight in front of him.
Yes; as soon as John was healed he would move things forward.  In fact, he could do some things now if he started slowly.  He had quite enjoyed touching John’s back as they had ascending the stairs.  He had felt the warmth of the skin, even through the clothes, and wanted nothing more than to test the texture under his fingertips without other barriers intruding.  He could try touching John again when he awoke, under the guise of helping him get about and see if a piece of skin bared itself to his view.  John hadn’t seemed bothered when he had let Sherlock examine his scar in the hospital last night, though that might have been the influence of the mysterious drug at work, lowering his inhibitions.  Still, it was worth trying, so Sherlock would put his plan into action and see where it got him.
“Right, well, that’s all the introductions out of the way.  Thanks everyone.  We’re quite a small team so I hope everyone will be happy to pitch in where needed and we can make this the best show possible.  It’s only going to be a short meeting today for the first one so how about we just do a couple of ice-breaker games to get to know each other and then we can start in with a proper read through on Sunday when we’ll have a bit more time to get things under way.”
"Honestly, John, it's not a listed building or anything so exotic; you always exaggerate these things."
“Brother.  I assume the pesky paperwork will all have been taken care of by now so why am I here and not back home?”
Then there were the adoring gazes from random members of the public, both men and women as they passed him in the street, especially when they were on their nightly walks.  These were the worst and John found himself trying to run interference; he would draw Sherlock away, distract his attention – not that Sherlock seemed particularly interested in anyone else, but John didn’t want to take any chances – and often times John would put his hand possessively on Sherlock’s arm or lower back in view of the passer-by to show them that Sherlock was taken.
“Good.  That’s settled then.  Now, we really are heading back this time.  Come on, let me pull you to your feet and you can get your balance whilst I just put this away.”
"I've heard you say that to Greg when you've been joking around, and this is where I'm supposed to say 'you're not even a pretty face', but I don't want to say that because I don't think it's true."
“You could be like a praying mantis or something, sex before death.  I don’t know.  I can’t think.  I… I need to get out of here.”
“I’m surprised you haven’t scared everyone off already.”  John looked at Sherlock’s face and smiled.  “Oh, I see you’ve been trying.”
“Yes.  I would have to agree that I am up for it.  I rather imagined you would be the one restrained when we spoke about it before, but I’m happy to accede to your wishes now if you will do the same for me on another occasion.”
John continued pushing his finger into Sherlock, brushing over his prostate on every other stroke.  Sherlock rolled John’s balls in his hands, pulling them down as he took John deeply into his throat.  Every time one of them groaned the sound hummed around the other’s cock and set them off too and it was a repeating pattern that soon had them both on the edge.
Well, it’s been nice knowing you, even if only through your words.  I’m sorry to just let rip like that.  We lost one of our team this week; he got caught in crossfire and I tried everything I could to save him but he bled out under my hands.  I guess I’ve been feeling a bit weird since then.  Thinking about what I want and who I want and I’ve sort of been thinking that life’s too short.  There you go, a ridiculous excuse for a stupid comment to end what could have been a great friendship.  It’s been great writing to you, even for such a short time.
He wanted to leave a message of his own for John.  It was the least he could do.  He wanted John to hear him admit his own feelings, but he also wanted to be there to hear it.  What could he do?  He would leave a message on Sunday morning, just in case John tried to retrieve his messages remotely before Sherlock got there.  He smiled to himself thinking that didn’t seem likely, though, if John still had the same issues with technology that Sherlock remembered.  Then he would go over to Baker Street and wait for John to get back from Harry’s.  When John played back the message Sherlock would be right there and he could hear John’s reaction.  Yes, that’s what he would do.
John was fitted with an ear piece for two-way communication and after having his measurements taken, he was provided with a smart suit with a camera in the top button of the jacket.  He was also given a firearm and a knife which he slipped into an ankle holster.  He didn’t use the shoulder holster for the gun, finding that it looked too obvious under his jacket so he tucked it into the back of his trousers as was his usual way when he went out with Sherlock.
The Holmes brothers had attended tonight as Mycroft’s informant had suspected that the wife was the liaison for the General himself.  After only a few moments watching her confident manner, Sherlock realised that this woman was no mere liaison, she was the instigator of the plot herself.  Mycroft had told Sherlock that the General had been working with Whitehall on some top secret military plans and they had thought that he was secretly trying to pass the details on to a foreign power.  Sherlock could tell that was not the case.
“No, you don’t need to apologise again.  I didn’t say it to make you feel guilty.  I just meant it made me realise… I realised that… I love you, Sherlock.”
Since he had been back, however, his feelings had changed.  Where before he would merely have liked the look of someone but not done anything about it; now he liked the whole package and he wanted it all.  With Sherlock it was his face, body and, most importantly, his brain.  How could anyone not have found it sexy the way Sherlock could solve a crime in two minutes?  Even The Woman had said brainy was the new sexy.  Okay, so he could perhaps have learnt to use a bit of tact on occasion, there was no doubt about that, but still, it was amazing.  He was amazing.
John smiled at him proudly.  “Thank you.  I’m glad you know that, because it’s true, I would never do anything to wilfully hurt you.”
Once they were inside the fence, they scouted round to find an entry point.  They came at the building at the farthest point from where John thought he had seen the light and luckily found a window on the other side which they were able to use glass cutters and suction clamps to remove from its frame.  They all climbed into the building and found themselves in what looked like an abandoned office.  The desk, chair and a couple of cabinets were still there but all the drawers hung open and empty.
John choked as he tried to hold back his laughter and Sherlock banged him on the back.  He was none too gentle though and it brought tears to John’s eyes, more so than the choking had.
“You’re only three years older than me.  You won’t be crippled; we’ll soon have that shoulder back in action once you’ve properly recovered from the surgery.  As to you being an army doctor, I can think of no-one better to assist me on my cases.  You have a medical knowledge which will be exceedingly beneficial in verifying cause of death and your army training means your stomach won’t be turned at the sight of traumatic incidents.  I think we will make a perfect team.”
He felt his chances were looking up.  As long as John could get over the fact that Sherlock had had to lie to him to keep him safe then maybe they could actually come together through this.
When Sherlock was ready, he pushed open the door and was stunned at the sight of John.  His suit was a deep sapphire and he’d matched it with a crisp, white shirt and a sapphire tie.  He looked really sophisticated and Sherlock felt proud that John would be there with him.  He couldn’t wait ‘til his cousins saw them.
“You know you can’t go home just yet, Sherlock, so don’t think of running off.  I have aired your room in my house and it has been fully equipped with some new Spencer Hart suits in your preferred style and a new laptop and phone.  I’ll have George bring the car round now for you.”
“I suppose that’s true.  It’s a good job he knows what you’re like then, isn’t it.  Go ahead, Greg.”
They grinned at each other and returned to some serious kissing before they headed back to halls to meet up with Mike and Molly.  They were all going into the town as there was no rugby match scheduled for that afternoon.  They had decided to make the most of their time and go to the cinema.  Sherlock wasn't overly keen to see a film, not having been to the cinema, but John had told him it would be worth his while.
The men seemed to be engrossed in what they were doing and there were no weapons in sight as they obviously did not fear any reprisals from the tethered victim.  Sherlock’s eyes were closed – swollen shut most likely judging by the state of him - so they decided to throw in a stun grenade to minimise the retaliation from the men.  Then they would all charge in at once, each of the team taking one man out and John heading straight for Sherlock.
I have been in touch with Lestrade again over three more cases from the papers which I solved and he passed on the information and has received commendations for his work.  He has also been encouraged to put in for his Inspector exams so with any luck, if he succeeds, he will be able to allow me proper access to crime scenes if he is the person in charge of them.  That will expand my scope of work immensely and I should have access to untold riches of crimes.  You must accompany me when you’re home – we could become a team.  Your medical knowledge and experience of wounds and injuries will be invaluable to me.
John blushed.  He was a doctor and he knew that there was nothing embarrassing about it and he himself saw patient’s bodies all the time and thought no more of it but he didn’t think he would be able to be quite so objective at having Sherlock seeing his body in the shower like that.  He feared his own body would give him away and Sherlock would be unable to avoid noticing his reaction.
John was finding it hard to stand still.  His cock was begging for attention and it kept reflexively throbbing when Sherlock got anywhere near it.  When Sherlock leant forward and lightly touched the tip with his tongue, John shouted and automatically thrust forward, hitting Sherlock in the face.
Sherlock lifted John’s head and his eyes seemed as if they were struggling to focus.  He put his hand on John’s cheek to hold his face upright and John tried to turn his head and kiss Sherlock’s palm but Sherlock was holding quite tightly.  All he could manage was to make kissing motions with his lips into thin air.  Sherlock moved John to a nearby chair and knelt in front of him, which got the attention of some of the others, and the dancing slowly stopped as more and more of them saw something was going on.  Greg came over to see what was happening.
If you are reading this then I am gone.  My interpretation of the forthcoming events was correct and I have had to do this to save you.  Please know that leaving you in this manner was not something I would have wished but I willingly make this sacrifice for you.  Moriarty must be stopped and, as he stated at the pool, he had no hesitation to use my feelings for you against me.  I had several options in place to out-manoeuvre his strategy depending on his precise plans, but I hope their execution was not too traumatic to witness.  Please take care of yourself, John - it is important that you are well when my plans all come successfully to fruition.
John rested his forehead against Sherlock's and looked into his eyes enjoying the tender moment.  As he moved forward though, their cocks brushed together again and as quickly as that they were back in the heat of the moment.  John leaned closer to Sherlock and stretched his hand around both shafts and rocked them together again.   They both groaned as the skin rubbed against each other, John squeezing the heads as his hand went up over the top and then back again.
John took his time planting kisses all over Sherlock’s face.  The chance to finally get his hands and lips on what he most desired wasn’t going to pass him by.  It seemed Sherlock’s neck was, unsurprisingly, a very sensitive area.  It was certainly long enough and John had always envied that blue scarf for being wrapped so neatly around that taut skin.  John sucked just behind Sherlock’s ear and dragged a line down along the skin with his teeth, only pausing when he reached the pulse point where he bit down, giving Sherlock a pleasing deep red mark.  He kissed it better as he enjoyed the rumble of Sherlock’s moan at the new sensation.
“Wait, don’t you need to go and see the paramedics if you’ve been injured, they were just pulling up as we come in?
Three months.  That was how long he had been alone.  Alone and regretful.  If only he’d been able to say something to stop him on that roof.  If only he’d been sharper or quicker or… anything.  If only Sherlock had known that he didn’t have to do this on his own.  If only John had taken the time to tell him…
The excitement and secrecy of it all meant that it didn't take either boy long to reach the edge.  Sherlock was the first to spill and he drew a drop of blood on his lip as he bit so hard as he climaxed.  John quickly followed as he tried to capture everything in the tissue he had ready to avoid a mess.  He ended up with his whole fist in his mouth, a single knuckle not being sufficient to cover the noise.
"Much better.  Now, we'd probably like to enjoy the rest of the party unmolested by your foul presence, so maybe you'd like to congregate somewhere else, as far out of our way as possible."
Sherlock didn’t know what to say.  He sank down into the chair next to the bed as his legs gave out.  His eyes were on the slightly battered pastry heart in his hands.  It had obviously been covered in some kind of preservative since that Valentine’s Day when he had made it and posted it to John.  Parts of the glaze had worn through where it had been frequently handled and the arch of the aorta had broken off where it had stuck out at the top, but basically it was just as he had made it.  John had kept it all these years; taken it with him everywhere and treasured it and thought of him.  He was stunned at the implications of the care and devotion that John had given to his heart.
"Are you kidding me?  You are absolutely gorgeous, Sherlock, how can you have gone this long without anyone wanting to kiss you?"
“Greg laughed semi-hysterically as he got up.  “Tell anyone – are you crazy?  No-one would believe it – hell, even I don’t believe it and I’ve seen it.
That was all it took.  Sherlock slowly pulled out and then, holding tightly to John's hips, he pushed back in in one hard stroke and they both moaned deep in their throats to feel the pressure.  Sherlock couldn't hold back and was soon thrusting into John, alternating a few long, deep passes with several short, hard pulses and they were both sweating and panting and desperate to come.
“After you’d been injected with that drug during your kidnapping you insisted on passing on a secret as long as I ‘promised not to tell Sherlock’.”
“Yes, I’m sure certain people will be very relieved to hear that news.  Now, shall we return to my office and look into this other matter that still requires our attention.”
Mummy gave Sherlock a hug.  “Thank you, darling, you were wonderful.”  Sherlock blushed, but looked pleased.  John was smiling proudly at him, and was soon engulfed in his own hug and a whispered ‘thank you’ in his ear.
“Well, that went a lot easier than I expected.  I thought I was really going to have to work at it to get him to talk.”
“Hey, Doc.  Long time no see.  What are you doing over this end of town?  I thought he said you weren’t getting involved in this one.”
"You only have one surviving parent, your mother, and one sibling but you don't get on very well with him, no, correction, her.  Your grandfather was the relative you had who was in the Forces and you looked up to him, probably spent holidays with him when you were younger, in Scotland it appears.  You're here on a scholarship, science would be my guess, but you are an above average student in most subjects, in the top percentage of your classes, so you probably could have qualified through another academic scholarship too.  You're left handed and you play an instrument, most likely clarinet, and though you predominantly date girls, you also like boys and you seem quite comfortable with it so you are most likely bi.  So how did I do?"
He had always believed in what Sherlock could do.  Since the very beginning in the lab and in the taxi on the way to that first crime scene, Sherlock had known everything about him – and he clearly hadn’t looked it up; John knew that, despite what Sherlock may have implied.  He certainly wouldn’t have made the mistake of thinking Harry was his brother if he’d researched him in advance; he liked being correct too much for that kind of error.
It had always been kept as their day and not even Mary had been able to encroach on that as John enjoyed it just as much as Sherlock.  She was doing her best this evening, though.  John and Mary had had an argument earlier at school and John had been complaining about it all the way home to Sherlock, when Sherlock would far rather have been discussing what they, themselves, would be doing later.  Now, to make matters worse, they had only just finished tea when she had phoned John to go over it all again and he was wasting ‘their’ time talking to her.  As far as Sherlock could tell, it wasn’t even a real problem.  Mary had clearly misinterpreted something John had said and taken it completely the wrong way and John was trying to explain that he’d been joking and she wasn’t taking the apology very well either.  When he eventually put down the phone he looked really glum and Sherlock wanted nothing more than to make him feel better.
In the end John decided that enough was enough and he borrowed one of his dad’s ladders and leant it up against the wall outside Sherlock’s room.  He had seen Sherlock go in from a distance earlier and he was going to have it out with him.  He even came bearing gifts, as he thought Sherlock might be more amenable if there was something in it for him.  He climbed the ladder, having to balance precariously on the top rung to grab hold of the sill of Sherlock’s, fortunately, partially opened window.  Sherlock’s head shot up as he saw a hand pop into view.
Greg’s eyes rolled up into the back of his head as John’s words flowed over him.  The dirty talk coming from the usually so polite doctor was almost more than he could take.  Sherlock looked across at John and smiled proudly at him as he pushed another finger into Greg, working him open, knowing that John would soon be where his fingers were now.
"It's no problem."  Sherlock looked back at John who seemed awed and proud.  John squeezed Sherlock's leg under the table and Sherlock blushed again.  He'd have to stop that for a start.  Three times he'd blushed in less than ten minutes - not on, not on at all.  Luckily for Sherlock the focus left him then and they carried on with their read through; Jasmine and Freddie starting them off and then they were on a roll.
Sherlock's legs slid off John's shoulders and John collapsed down between Sherlock's legs, managing to slide slightly off centre to allow him to breathe but just unable to hold himself up any longer.  Sherlock wasn't in much better condition and they just lay there for a while whilst they both recovered.
John turned back to Sherlock, his duty to interact with other people fulfilled for the moment.  He noticed that Sherlock was intently watching Julian who was looking down at his plate and pushing his food around a bit, seeming to have lost his appetite somewhat.  Sherlock realised John was looking at him and he focused on him instead and picked up a vol-au-vent when John nodded towards his plate.  He did prefer his pastry with a sweeter filling but pastry was pastry, and he liked the way John smiled at him as he ate, so he felt somewhat vindicated for the effort.
Sally and Anderson picked it up and went off to see the caretaker.  Greg locked the studio door behind them and walked back with Sherlock and John.
John turned his head to see where Sherlock was indicating and saw Derek Roberts standing with his gang.  They had obviously scarpered before the start of the waltz and only just come back in otherwise they, too, would have been forced to dance he was sure.
The other boy grinned at him.  “We seem to be forming a mutual appreciation society.”  He looked down at the floor then raised his head, a little unsure.  “Do you think we could play it together?”
Would you like me to meet you when you arrive at the station?  I feel like I’ve heard that is something ‘boyfriends’ usually do, if that is what you now consider us to be.  I do draw the line at wearing a feather in my hair, however.  I would be able to know it was you even if I had not seen your photograph.  Your gait, tan and manner would give you away before you even opened your mouth.
“I knew that was a mistake.  I’ve created a monster, haven’t I.”  He grinned at Sherlock who just raised his eyebrows and leant in again to lay another mark on the other side.
John smiled shyly, pleased that he had done something Sherlock considered important.  Capturing the attention of this stunning man was most certainly an achievement.
“No, I stand by what I said.”  So saying, he raised his arms above his head and John fastened his wrists together, looping the tie around the headboard to keep Sherlock securely in place.
"Well, we seem to be at a party and I am without nibbles - I think we need to rectify that situation, don't you?"
“You said that I’ve passed every test you could think of and I can see that you’re itching to get back.”
John lay down properly on the bed and Sherlock pulled the cover further around him as he didn’t seem to be complaining about the heat anymore.  His eyelids were heavy and Sherlock knew it wouldn’t be long until John dropped off to sleep.
“I make it a point to find a suitable place away from the ignorant hordes as soon as I get to a new school.  As you are aware, I’ve certainly had the practise.”  Sherlock gave a small wry smile and even John could tell that it was a more genuine smile than the last one and he found himself responding.
John went over to Sherlock’s mother, his hand outstretched.  She stood to greet him as he shook her hand and he could see that she had the same innate gracefulness as Sherlock, and was certainly far taller than John himself.
John settled down on Sherlock’s bed and got himself comfy whilst Sherlock rosined his bow ready.  Sherlock always played with his eyes shut, liking to feel the music flow through him, so he took one last look at John lying on his bed, snuggling against his pillows, and then he began.
“Greg!  Greggie!  Why aren’t you wearing your shorts – should have shorts – good legs.”  John giggled at him as his head tried to sink down on to his chest but Sherlock’s fingers held it up.
"See.  Simple.  The truth of the matter is that I am a vampire and when John was shot seven weeks ago he was going to die so I turned him into a vampire too."
They rubbed against each other, revelling in the feel of the other’s warmed skin against their own.  They continued where they had left off in their kissing earlier.  John’s arms settled comfortably around Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down so that he could reach.  Sherlock’s own arms rested on John’s hips, drawing small circles against his skin.  John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, he loved the feel of the silky strands, and now he was going to take the opportunity to do even more.  He squeezed some shampoo onto his hands and turned Sherlock under the water so that he got his hair wet.  He got him to tilt his head back so that John could lather it up and wash it for him.  He rinsed it all off when he was done and was then given a bottle of expensive conditioner – only the best for Sherlock, it seemed.  John went through the whole process again, gently massaging it in, to make the hair really soft.
“Who knows with the situations we end up in?  I have to say that learning not to use my new abilities has been just as complicated as learning to use them.  It’s taken a while to learn that I can’t hold anything too tightly; or to stop myself from just picking up a whole chair when I’m only trying to pull it out; or to move too quickly from one place to another.”
“I love you too, John.  Always and forever.”  He smirked at John.  “Now it really will be always and forever.”
Sherlock's lips were tingling at the mere thought of kissing John again.  He had been awake half the night thinking back over what had happened and cataloguing all the new sensations he had experienced.  He was pleased to see that John was obviously anticipating another meeting as eagerly as he was.
By the time either of them started stirring it was early the next morning and Sherlock had rolled over during the night and his forehead was now buried in John’s lower stomach.  His hand had slipped over John’s body and was curled up on John’s lower back, gently rubbing against the soft skin beneath his fingers. He was warm and comfortable and he really didn’t want to rouse himself to full wakefulness.
Sherlock stayed in the hospital for four more days.  He really had been exhausted and severely under-nourished and he spent a lot of the time asleep, gaining back his strength.  Whenever he awoke he always found John by his side, even when the doctor had fallen asleep himself, he would do so with his head on Sherlock’s bed.  John’s hand would be holding his own or resting on Sherlock’s leg, needing to keep the connection between them even in repose.  Sherlock knew exactly how he felt.  He would put his hand on John’s head, his fingers slipping through the sandy hair, reassuring himself that John was there; was safe; that it was finally all over.
He wanted to find John right that minute and put him straight.  Tell him it wasn’t his fault.  Stop that tone from hanging in his voice, but he knew he couldn’t.  He also knew logically that it would eventually get better as evidenced by John’s most recent messages, but he realised that listening to these early messages was going to be a lot harder than he had thought.
“Idiot”, John said fondly, as he couldn’t help laughing as well.  “Seriously, though, can I ask you what’s changed?”
Sherlock looked surprised.  'Friend' - that was unusual.  The proprietor had called him John's friend and John hadn't denied it.  He'd also said that they'd be back and it had sounded like he meant together.  Sherlock had not experienced this before and it felt strange, but nice somehow.  Acceptance and inclusion - where before he had always been ridiculed or ostracised.  He found himself liking it and he joined John in waving to Mrs Hudson as they made their way outside.
I do also have that picture of you in my hat, it’s true.  This is going to sound weird because we’ve never met, but from the very first letter, I’ve sort of felt a connection to you.  I’m fascinated by what you can do and the things you say; I’ve never heard the like and it’s all amazing.  I like that you were surprised that I called you a friend, even though that’s really selfish of me, because it meant that I was the first and nobody else had ever thought that about you and it made me feel special, though I’m sorry if you feel you have missed out by not having one before.
John smiled at him and leant in for another kiss.  Sherlock captured his lips and they spent the next few minutes locked together.
“Now, if you still have any symptoms tomorrow then I want you to come back and see me again.  We don’t want to be sending you home in a worse state than that in which you arrived now, do we.”
Sherlock laughed as he ushered John into the bathroom and set the shower running.  They got in and cleaned themselves off, too recently spent to do anything more energetic.  They did manage plentiful smacks with fingers and flannels as they tried to outdo each other, however.  They eventually emerged clean and raring to go.
You are comfortable in your own body and have no qualms about stripping off in front of other men; indeed, if you were interested, the soldier lying just on the edge of the photo would take up any offer you extended him.  I mention this as you are clearly not put off by interest from either sex and were happy to say you considered me handsome without any discomfort and, thus, I would say you are bi-sexual.  You also appear to have kept the photograph of me close to you as I can see it inside your hat which is on the ground by your head.  I don’t really know what to say about that – is ‘thank you’ the correct reaction?
John shuffled up the bed a bit ‘til his back was half resting against the headboard and pillows.  He pulled Sherlock up so he was lying with his back against John’s chest, his head resting comfortably on John’s shoulder.  Sherlock held on to the script so they could both see it as necessary, his other arm stroking smoothly along John’s thigh.  John had one arm resting around Sherlock’s chest and the other ruffling through his curls.  He loved the feel of Sherlock’s hair and, by a happy circumstance, Sherlock had found there was nothing he liked more than the feel of fingers gently massaging his head, releasing all the tension usually contained within.
