He’s out of the room, at that. The Impala rumbles in the distance, its metallic roar antithetical to this charming little cabin, the reeds rustling on the banks of the river, the salt tangy in the air. But the world of that car, it’s the only life she’s known and the only one where she can maybe reach Dean.
But from that ugly past came his bonds with all of them. As for the future, they’ll face it together. He’s realized of late that a preordained future is overrated, anyway.
None of it was as intriguing as Cas’ eyes, as the way he looked at Dean.
“You’re kidding me.”
Looking at Dean was pleasing, especially for someone as prideful as Castiel. The human body had been a tricky study, especially with little practical experience. Castiel had done well enough in recreating it. That kind of power seems impossible to him now; he tries to remember it, and his brain only provides him with an image of worn textbooks. He thinks of Heaven, and all he can see are the vessels of his brothers.
like that. Here he is, lost in it, watching happy people cry on the TV with his boyfriend – still a stupid word – warming his entire side. It’d be easy to get used to this.
“Yeah, why?”
Until she looks down and the toe of her boot nudges a sharp black mark on the ground. Her stomach swoops, a one-two punch of fury and a deep, deep sadness, and it’s real again.
Gabby pokes her head out from her tent. “Um, I ran some video,” she offers. “There’s nothing. No one saw him leaving, and there’s no video of him leaving the camp. There one minute, gone the next.”
“I wanna get back to the bunker,” Dean says. His voice is thick; unshed tears and lack of use, Mary would guess, and the thought of that clutches at her something awful. “Maybe start to find something on where Jack went.” He pauses, scrubs a hand over his face. When he moves his palm, Mary takes in how red his eyes are, how stark his dark stubble looks against his cheeks. “If you wanna bring – that – with you…” Dean isn’t looking at Mary, Sam, or Castiel. He’s looking out the window of the kitchen, so he can see the little beach. “Do what you want. It’s okay.”
Castiel takes a few steps beyond the wood’s edge, and then looks back at the four of them. They’re all clumped together by the car, weapons drawn. Sam’s got Ruby’s knife, Cas holds out his blade, and Dean and Mary brandish guns. They’re like some dumbass paranoid version of the Avengers here to attack the woods.
“No, Dean.” Cas’ eyes are always freaky blue, but he’s never seen them go this shade of unnatural, glowing blue, beacons in the dark. “I
“I am in here, Dean,” a familiar voice sounds out, but he opens the door of his stall and it’s just – it’s funny, Cas in jeans and his new jacket, all of it rumpled along with his hair. “Is this acceptable?”
“Whimsicott, Sleep Powder!” Gabriel calls out, in counterpoint.
He throws his hands up. “All of this place! The world, Dean.”
Sleep’s a lot fucking better than he remembers, even though he can’t remember his dreams. Maybe he should try and find some pie next, because that’ll be even better too.
The entire stretch of his life looms before him, offering an impossible number of paths to take along its way. But he knows a couple of things, above the rest: he’ll have his Pokemon. He’ll have Cas. He’s going to make it through, and he’s going to be happy.
“I didn’t think you all valued me so much,” Cas admits at last, and that Cas’ first reaction was
“We gotta get Sam and Amy then too,” is all he says once he opens his eyes.
He catches glimpses of Kelly sometimes, or Jack. In the enormous mirror of his eyes, Jack turns every world into a wonder; Kelly, for her part, just looks freaked to hell. Dean always thought she was a pretty smart lady.
“Then what?” Dean asks, after a few seconds of silence.
Staraptor’s teaching Hydreigon how to fly again; according to Meg’s very articulate words once she examined her, Hydreigon’s wings were “fucked the fuck up,” but she’s recovering. Slowly, like the rest of them, but coming around.
Bobby’s new place isn’t very far from the Roadhouse, so Dean swings by to see Ellen. Dean feels pretty lame some of the time that he saved the universe and his circle of friends didn’t really expand much, but he kinda sucks at trying to have
Here, though, that look from Vaporeon is a comfort. The wet mud smell of the creek outside his house will never leave him, because the scent clings to Vaporeon, stuck between her gills. Sometimes it makes him want to shove her away and not fucking
“You’re not even good at being the giant pigtailed girl you are,” Dean has to tease.
Dean’s first thought is that there’s already a whole hell of a lot going on. Most of the people seem to be on their side, but there’s still way too many nasty-looking smiles on the faces of masses dressed all in black. They remind Dean of the people Rowena and Crowley had working at the nursery.
Mary winds her arms around Cas’ shoulders. His eyes pop open wider for a second, before he’s hugging her back. He’s learning. He really is. He’s gonna have
By the wild thumping in Dean’s chest and the look on Cas’ face when they break away, hands still on each other’s faces in a way that’s way too desperate for this time in the morning and this little they know each other, this just might be something after all.
“We’re civilians now,” he grunted to Vaporeon the first time they stepped on the bus together. She was cranky, because he’d forgotten to put out more water for her when he slept in, but he’d made time to get her in the tub every day after that.
Dean’s left on the floor, Vaporeon nudging at his shoulder to check and see if he’s still
Now, though, it’s – Dean blinks at the clock – 1:45 AM. He’s decidedly not on their enormous porch at the farmhouse, but in Cas’ familiar bed in Opelucid. It might not be the ridiculous four-poster beast Hannah and Uriel bought for them, its red throw comforter like a whole continent, but it’s warm and cozy and the first place they had sex and then fell asleep all tangled up in each other’s arms. The alarm’s set for 2, but the rustling next to him woke him up. There were a couple of delicious noises, too, bitten off where they could get louder.
Cas got rid of his, well, butt feathers at the quickest possible opportunity, and his left Dodrio head is drooping beyond recognition. Tessa, despite the amazing costume, had sighed
Dean wonders if it’s possible for
The second Tentacruel lands in the grass, ooze drooling from his body, she starts moving away quickly. She can’t run, but she’s striding purposefully. There’s a smirk on her face. Probably thinks she got away easy.
“Might as well get a bunch of stuff for camp,” Dean agrees, pulling some of the stuff off the pile to carry just so Cas doesn’t look so completely ridiculous. “And some new clothes for you,” he adds as they head off together. “Can’t wear… that… forever, you know?”
They break apart soon, and Cas looks right into Dean’s eyes – that same stare that’s icy and warm at the same time – and tells him, “Let’s go.” Staraptor flaps to Cas’ shoulder, looking as inscrutable as ever, as if nothing’s changed. Dean could almost laugh about it.
Delta plucks at the scarf with two fingers. “I’m Darkrai,” she returns, her voice tinged with both exasperation and amusement. She sinks a hand into the goopy mass on her shoulder. “He thought it was funny to do the Ditto thing.” Dean wasn’t really aware Delta, or any Pokemon associated with her, had much of a sense of humor at all. But live and learn.
Gothitelle swoops in too closely to Dean, practically peering over his shoulder. He tries not to wince, but he’s pretty sure he fails.
Dean almost feels like he’s watching it happen rather than actually doing it, what with Cas so damn close, but they do get the leaf wrapped around the Lillipup’s hindquarters. He gives a yip of approval and snuggles into Dean’s lap. Vaporeon gives them both a withering look until Dean jerks his head, indicating she can crawl up too. There really isn’t room for all of them on the stairs, but Dean rearranges the Pokemon on his lap until Vaporeon is messily sprawled out there, the Lillipup helplessly flopped on top of her.
Sometimes, there’s lightning, but no thunder, and no rain. Dark clouds puff up above the tree branches and darts of stringy light shoot through them. Honestly, it’s kind of pretty; it’s the only light in this place other than the glowing red eyes of every creature in here, and one of the rare times blackness isn’t set over Purgatory’s endless forest.
“It’s not a joke.”
“We’re early,” Cas points out. There’s a line of people outside the gym, and some of them look like they’ve been waiting there a while, leaning against the training center’s walls or outright sitting on the ground.
Weird to wake up when it’s dark out, but before Dean can protest about stank sleeping breath, they’re kissing again. It’s not even bad, on Cas’ side at least.
“You –”
The bus chugs along, until a couple of stops down the line, a familiar figure gets on. Dean ducks his head down to hide his smile when Cas steps on the bus, but Vaporeon catches that smile and starts poking Dean’s arm. He remembers to play it cool, and doesn’t brighten up until Cas offers a small wave at
“I was still different from them. Anna, Uriel, Hannah, they all managed to do good in the world. But now I’ve got memories – not just you, Dean, though you’ll always be – the most special to me, I think.” He reaches across the table to take Dean’s hand in his own. Their callouses brush against each other, a roughness that nevertheless makes Dean shiver. “I was helping people. My powers, they blew up one of Alastair’s safe houses. Naomi would have never found half those
Later, Dean’s in one of the Cubone enclosures, trying to scoop up one of the most particularly squirmy Cubone in the entire nursery. “Let me help,” Cas says, appearing out of goddamn nowhere. “I know this one can be difficult.” Dean wants to brush him off, but then he’s got Cas’ wide, lovely hands supporting his arms, and he can’t shoo the guy away.
he notices the way his own fingers curled into the hair at the nape of Cas’ neck, and he’s practically yanking them away.
Dean doesn’t know what spurs him to push on. But he does anyway, because if he’s ever been good at one fucking thing, it’s obstinance. “Look, uh, Castiel. This ain’t fair. At all. To either one of us.”
what you want to use to get it.”
But Dean knew that would never really happen. Anyone else and they probably wouldn’t have gotten a second thought, but Cas was different. He was close enough to be family, sure, but there wasn’t all that destiny sewn into their relationship. Cas saved him from Hell, but there was no obligation there. Dean couldn’t put words to it, and didn’t want to. “I — c’mon. You know that’s not true.”
“It’s nothing like that. This one isn’t about Castiel,” she says, at last. Her tone is measured, and clearly thought-out. “It’s about you. And your family.”
“It’s up to you,” Sam pushes on. “I don’t wanna make you do anything, and – it’s awkward, I get it.”
Dean would have rushed into the same situation if it was him. But dad had told him, many times, that his job was to care for his brother. Worry about him.
Delta?” Dean just glares right back. “Fine. No, beating one tiny, pathetic Vulpix –” Charlie makes a broken sound in her throat – “is not how I got my power.”
So Dean doesn’t think of John. He picks up a Virizion figurine, the colors on it still bright green and pink and pure cream despite the considerable layer of dust, and thinks about Mary. She was always fond of Virizion; there was a little figurine of it on their lawn growing up, cheap plastic and rickety enough to tip over in anything stronger than a light breeze.
Sam lets him go on more and more missions and Dean teases him about it, about how he’s taking the locks on the shackles off one by one. For his part, Sam just whacks him on the shoulder, laughs, and tells him to keep walking.
“You’re telling me the human-created Pokemon and the mutated virus that’s
that about him, but it ain’t true. Most kids tried to rebel from their parents, and with the fucked-up way Dean grew up, he assumes his rebellion took the shape of yearning to set down deep roots, be it in one place or with one person.
after all. “I trust you kept things in working order in my absence.”
“See, Tessa knows,” Cas says right to Dean, who can’t help the smile curving over his face. Tessa gives them much the same look Charlie did earlier, a quick glance back and forth with something knowing behind her eyes. Dean’s startin’ to hate that look.
, Dean thinks, and he lets the bitterness flow through his whole system and turn it sour. He’s a maelstrom of rage, his fists battering opponents. When he spits, it comes out red, and he doesn’t give a shit.
“Stupid plan, I know,” Dean grunted, looking away because he couldn’t meet that smile.
“Gordon? Abby?” Cas asks, head still stuck like that. He turns toward Dean. “They — recognized you.”
use a drink and fuck, it
, but he let himself fall anyway. He thinks of all the poor idiots who get lost to this world every year looking for legendary Pokemon, and in the end, he wasn’t any better.
“That’s what I thought.”
“Nah.” Dean flashes him a big, lying grin. “Hotel’s over this way.”
, and it feels like it’s bringing Dean back from some teetering precipice. “Your father was correct about some facts. But he wasn’t
He’s laughing. Even though Sarah’s looking at him just as apprehensively, he’s laughing, because something’s genuinely funny. “Yeah, I’m great,” he sighs, because he’s got his brother totally safe and his dork-ass self by his side, and his angel boyfriend where it took forever for him to figure that shit out but it’s pretty fucking great now that he did, and a whole bunch of people who — actually give a shit about how he’s doing. Even if there’s a trail of regrets behind him long enough to circle the globe a few times — again, it’s his life — he might come out of it okay.
She takes a few steps further, but it’s only so she can touch her paw to his leg. Despite her height, she’s still intimidating as hell. Her head’s completely encased by the bone skull she wears; it doesn’t rattle around on her head like it does for the smaller Cubone, and there are gleaming ivory spikes in the back. But her eyes are enormously soft, now, tender even.
Despite what Dean said to Cas, it’s not a good night. Not at first, anyway.
Cas knows his eyes are wet when his short speech ends; his voice quivers. When he casts a look over to Dean, though, it’s a relief to see he’s in a similar state. “I –”
“Got no idea what she’s talking about, but she has a point,” Benny says. Slowly, everyone around them nods.
He’ll fight for Charlie and Benny, his friends who’ll still manage to have a smile for him despite everything if they make it out of this alive. He’ll fight for Anna, who’s lost so much too. He’ll fight for Claire and Tracy and Nancy and even the oblivious kids over at Carver, so that they
Carefully, Dean places a hand of his own on the back of her skull. She nudges her head into it. “Thanks,” he says, voice ragged.
doesn’t get them.
, right?”
“Dean,” Cas says, and Dean immediately feels self-conscious at just how much he’s been babbling while saying nothing at all. “I care about these places. I do. But I care about what happened to
is his soulmate (and that really says something about his life, doesn’t it).
An Espeon. Shit.
“I created you from nothing,” Cas says, eventually. Sleep hazes over his voice. “Just your soul and stardust. It was the most incredible experience of my entire existence to that point.”
, the kind of thing he hasn’t had in decades – he leads him outside of the little bedroom to the kitchen. Vaporeon practically bowls the two of them over, which does funny things to Dean’s heart all over again. Staraptor barely acknowledges their existence, because of course she does, but later, she eats some food Dean gives her. Which, from Staraptor, is basically a perfume-scented, cartoon-heart-studded love confession.
like the goons from the nursery, they probably
“I may or may not know someone who used interdimensional powers to get to Johto, so yes,” Anna says, pointed.
It’s just like this, where Cas is crouched on the floor so he can poke his way through the absolute valueless detritus of a dark and dusty storage locker left to Dean by his shithole of a dad, when Dean realizes he loves Cas.
Amy nods, goes in, and comes out about five minutes later with Nancy trailing behind her. Nancy looks a little more approachable now – she ditched the secretary-wannabe getup for jeans and a white t-shirt – but her eyes are still enormous, and she walks with one hand on her Aurorus for support.
and still –”
Distantly, he finds himself saying, “Yeah, I am.”
,” Dean grumbles. Neither Cas nor Vaporeon, dedicated as hell even when Dean’s talking about barfing, take even a step away. Staraptor soars above their heads; most of the other Flying-type Pokemon found sturdy perches on the ship’s rails, but she’d gone twitchy with boredom when she tried that, so she took off flying instead.
Bela smiles back at him. She smiles a lot, but it doesn’t cross over her entire face. “I’ll tell you the story one day,” is her only answer.
Dean knows full well that this is Michael. There’s no love lost between him and Cas, Anna, or Hannah. Even Uriel, who’s got a damn good job of his own, who’s very formal, wrinkles his nose and practically hocks a loogy every time he says the name
Well, shit. Dean mentally starts reviewing his entire goddamn childhood from ten years old on, because it’s more or less a parade of minor crimes: breaking and entering, theft, illegal battling, all of it. When he was nineteen or so, he’d gotten nabbed stealing a couple of Casteliacones, so he’s familiar with the uninviting stone walls and narrow, uncomfortable beds of prison cells.
thrown some pretty awesome snark on dicks like Zachariah.
are.”
“Well, you’ve been good to have around. You know what you’re doing.”
“Well,” Dean pushes on, “you went on a pretty crazy journey, right? Cliffs Notes ain’t gonna cut it. I wanna see it all.”
“You wore teeth of the people you killed as a necklace,” Dean shoots back. There’s an ugly silence between the two of them for a couple of minutes; Dean doesn’t think he can leave the room on that note, but he doesn’t wanna keep talking either. He tugs words from himself anyway. “Why do you look like that, then? If you don’t know Jimmy.”
“Everyone needs a vacation,” Zachariah agrees, because of course he does.
– not just sex.”
Charlie is easy to find because she’s surrounded by a huge group of people, which is completely unsurprising. She has her arm around Gilda, who matches her Floette perfectly with a handmade parasol, hair pulled in two tight pigtails and studded with tiny flowers.  Charlie’s crowd ranges through all ages; there are people who are definitely older and looking sort of sheepish at being stuffed into these costumes, and there are little kids who don’t look like they’ve heard of the word
“The first medals for bravery you give out,” Cas told the van’s driver, a stern blonde woman with long bangs that he knew from Naomi’s center, “give them to those young women, please.”
With the sight of the Staraptor, Dean’s all but racing around a corner to find a good-looking but otherwise non-descript man, with hair that wants to be coiffed but ends up messy, and eyes that pin Dean to the spot where he’s standing.
“Even if you’re a liar,” Dean says with a chuckle, “I appreciate it.”
“Crowley,” he sighs.
Castiel probably knows he’s coming, but Dean flicks on the light anyway. Sure enough, Dean gets blasted with a glare of blue fire and fury the second the lights click on. Most of the chains are off Castiel, though a couple of them still cross over his body. One handcuff is tight around his wrist. Good. Makes it a fair fight. Maybe.
“That’s not what I meant, and you know it.” He lets his head fall back against the seat, and it lands on a funny spot and goddamn, his skull hurts now. He doesn’t even care. “I fuck up everything. I mean, I fucked you up.” Cas’ mouth pops open, like he’s going to refute it, only — the denial never comes.
was that?” Dean all but erupts to the now-empty space before him.
What calls Dean’s attention, though, are the two women sitting behind the desk. A lazy Tauros flicks its three tails, completely ignoring the Manectric that keeps ramming into his feet.
This seems easy. Too easy. So of course, when they’re halfway up the hill, a searing pain jolts Dean’s leg and he collapses to the ground.
“Weird way to make friends.”
“Maybe you should listen to Gabriel and ask Naomi –”
“But if there’s something I don’t regret, it’s telling you I needed you. Not the best of situations, yeah, and I should have said more, but – it was as simple as that. Still is. Like I lost an arm, Cas. A leg. Maybe – some other organ, I don’t know.” He doesn’t say what other organ, because as much as he’s always tried to be brave, as much as he
good.
He didn’t really care for the dumb raised heart shapes all over the dildo because
An amalgamation of cars stalls in front of them, stilled to one multi-colored mass. They’re being held up further on ahead by students. Tons and tons of students, all of them milling about in the streets with their Pokemon. There must be a couple hundred of them, brandishing signs Dean can’t read.
other than Unova.”
Lucas’ tail lashes out and rips down a row of trees in the glade. His scream shatters rocks scattered through the field, and has everyone on both sides ducking and covering their ears.
The rest of the day is some kind of goddamn clusterfuck. Dean gets assigned to groom the leafier Burmys, but his hands keep shaking – fucking
“I wanna fight.” Claire breaks the silence. Her Noibat practically bounces in mid-air next to her, wearing a pretty impressive glare of his own.
Nothing happens. The light, if it flickered at all, stays on now, humming enough that Dean can hear it in the otherwise silence of his room.
he can’t help but think.
Cas’ kisses are hot enough that Dean feels like plumes of smoke should be rising off his skin wherever his lips fall. His hands rove Dean’s body, no path in mind, but Dean still puffs out a happy exhale as those hands ruck up his shirt. Cas’ palms cup the slight excess flesh on Dean’s stomach; Dean’s never seen any reason to be self-conscious about it, but Cas can’t get his hands off it.
That was one of the songs he put on the mixtape he made for Cas, after all. Lot of the time, the tension between them felt like that rain sometimes, swelling the reservoir until it spilled over the banks of the river.
Dean offers a quick nod of acknowledgement to the Cubone that had come forward – always did love those little guys, how could he not – and continues, “Then that – your attack – that’s the least he deserves.” Marowak manages another nod.
Castiel – not Cas, this isn’t Cas, can’t ever be Cas – is tethered from his wrists all the way through his ankles. Silver chains criss-cross over his entire body, jangling loud whenever they move even a little. The chains are marked up with warding, and it must’ve taken a damn impressive set of eyes and skill alike and hours of painstaking work in order to make ‘em. Dean spends most of his time holding his breath when he hears them rattle.
“I don’t know. Everyone. You, definitely. Cas, ‘cuz he’s fuckin’ gone, and he was stupid enough to care. And me, because – because it’s all my fault, anyway.”
about his brother.
Dean’s not sure how he gets out of the store; he suspects Sam drags him, with his jaw and brow set hard even if his eyes don’t match the expression. Next thing he knows he’s pulled into the passengers’ seat of his own damn car, landscape going by in a rushed, wet blur as Sam drives them back to camp.
Dean doesn’t miss the pleading look in Cas’ eyes. “You big sap,” he teases, but he’s an even bigger one, so he sits them both down and lets their Pokemon curl up beside them.
Cas nods. “I can relate.”
idea. They’ve got the slack, unhidden expressions of the drunk, and they’re
Cas visibly brightens at that. “There was a small metalwork factory near the farm in Normandy,” he explains. “I thought you would like it.”
Now, Cas looks softer somehow, lighter around his eyes. He gets that look, too, since he left the hospital, and it makes him look creepily human sometimes. “When you said you forgave me, did you —”
“We’ll visit. We really will.” Sam takes a few beats to look at Eileen’s face again, pale skin and dark hair and eyes. He’s going on thirty-five, he shouldn’t be this thrown off by a pretty face and kindness. “We lost a lot of good people this year. It wasn’t a Men of Letters thing, but Cas, I mean –”
, he’s back again. The touch of Cas’ lips is gentle, careful, like Dean’s something precious. When Cas touches him, he could start to believe it.
Dean looks down at the ground at
“Here too.”
Well. Fuck that. Dean pushes one of his hands over Cas’, effectively locking it against his cheek, and buries the other deep into his hair as he puts the kiss into high fuckin’ gear, right then and there, because it’s been long enough already and he’s not waiting any goddamn longer just because the camp is goggling over them.
Charlie’s voice is drained of any hint of enthusiasm, which is terrifying coming from her. The faces around her, though, are more baffled than frightened. “What is that?” Cas finally asks.
“Was it demons?” Dean snaps, turning his glare to Meg.
Dean screams. He dives right back down, around where he thought she went, and finds nothing. Droplets hit his skin, fizzling, and son of a bitch that
“Preeeee,” Vaporeon trills, scratching at Dean’s ankle. He feels it even through his starch-stiff jeans and his boots; she’s got sharp little claws when she wants to draw them out. She never does shit like this, clawing or showing any aggressive behavior outside of a battle; right now, she’s more or less demanding his attention.
“Be nice, that could be your niece or somethin’,” Dean points out to Vaporeon. He lets go of Cas’ hand, but it’s only to bring Eevee up on the bench. She settles into his lap easily, and Vaporeon cautiously pads over. They sniff at each other for a while, and then nod in understanding while Vaporeon curls against Dean’s side. Eevee curls her way into Dean’s lap, then promptly falls asleep.
Kinda really good. For sure.
at their sister, and she stares right back. She actually says “ha ha” out loud, awkward as hell, and then Anna’s darting forward fast as her Pidgeot to pin her against the wall, forearm held hard against her collarbone.
Sam’s tempted to ask what
Too late, he wonders what Cas’ chest looks like, but when he turns around Cas has just finished shrugging into his navy sweater. Dean still catches a glimpse of flat, muscular tummy that he could so, so easily run his tongue over.
Moving his hands up to cradle Dean’s hips, Cas slips his tongue against the head of Dean’s cock. Dean comes immediately, a ratatat of an orgasm. Every single time he comes with Cas, he thinks it can’t ever get better. It does.
They head right into the teeming heart of it.
, but he had respect. He was like Big Dick McGeneral up there.”
, even when they make him shovel dung out of the enclosures. But one of the harder aspects of it is watching out for the baby Flying-type Pokemon in the aviary. Many of them are too young to have functional wings yet, or they ended up in the nursery because they’re injured and unable to fly.
“Cleaning staff doesn’t come around until one,” Dean murmurs. It’s just after ten AM, and they don’t leave for Opelucid again for another ten hours. “Want me to go check it out?”
“Okay,” Dean breathes, uncapping the marker. The smell of it makes Castiel recoil. “Yeah, not ideal, but it’ll stick around through a couple of showers.”
He doesn’t think about what the hell might have happened if this stranger didn’t show up. After all, he did, so there’s no point in worrying about it.
“Claire, hey,” he says. Any attempt at hiding the sadness woven deep into his voice would be pointless right now. “I should have called you, but… I didn’t know what to say. We really fucked up. I’m sure you know. Uh – sorry – but God, Claire, I don’t even know what to say. We lost your dad. Years ago, but I never said anything about that, and I’m sorry. And then we lost –”
He’s not surprised to find himself in the basement, even if he doesn’t remember taking the long path down there.
“I get it,” is all Dean says, hoping those three words can communicate – everything, even though he knows that’s a lost cause. “I do. If you ever want to tell me about – your sister – uh, I suck at emotional support, I’m too fucked up for that, but if you need someone to talk to. I’m here.”
Dragons resist Grass-type attacks, and Tropius is flagging. His path up to Giratina is wobbly, coming in fits and starts. Every few meters or so, he’s stuck pathetically flapping in mid-air, unable to fly up farther, hoping a gust of wind doesn’t push him right back down to the ground. None of this is a good idea.
“Everyone gets along with Charlie,” Cas points out, with a grin as indulgent as he can manage considering the subject manner, and his own unloading.
At the kitchen table, though, Dean bites back anything else he might have wanted to say, and picks up a forkful of his own food and eats it. He tries not to be resentful toward Cas, of all people.
“Gotta try the dorms, right?” he asks Cas. No one on the Carver campus gives them a second look. Dean thinks about all the unrest over in Edlund, and as tumultuous as it made, well, everything, the tranquility on this campus creeps him out even further.
He gets one last memory. In Heaven’s Garden, Cas walks alongside Joshua. Instinctively, Dean knows this memory took place before anything else he just saw from Cas.
Dean wants to pull back a bit, whisper actual
When he’s halfway in the doorway, though, he turns around. Cas is still looking at him, his Staraptor’s wings beating heavy in the air. Sure, the staring’s kind of creepy, but Dean’s the one who turned around to look too.
Dean looks at the two girls, wearing twin expressions on their faces. He can’t stand the fact that he’s sending them into battle, just like his dad did to him, only the stakes here are way higher. “You girls know what you’re getting into?” He points at a distant figure in the sky. This far away, it’s murky, but it’s got the distinct wings and ears of a Noivern. “There are some fully evolved Noivern out there in this battle, Claire. A lot of them. I’m sure your Noibat’s real good, but are you ready to take them on?”
Fighters. Both of them. Didn’t get ‘em much.
Sam leans back in his chair a bit, pushing himself away from the table. When he speaks next, Dean can tell he’s trying not to be judgmental. “This Cas guy. He worth all the drama?”
Jack echoes her thoughts. The kitchen is very quiet after that.
off. But he’s actually laughing now, low, mostly to himself. The side of Cas’ mouth lifts up just a fraction of an inch. “I was just, uh, stuck in my own head a bit.”
holding
the only noises he can hear.
“Saturday afternoons. I can
That’s what stands out to Dean. There are figurines everywhere. It’s like a spoiled kid’s room, but they’re made of every material, including some damn pointy metal spikes that no parent would allow their child to play with. He bends down to pick the two closest figurines up, and finds himself marveling at the woodwork. It’s made of the same wood, but one’s been chipped at until it’s rough enough to almost hurt his fingers and the other is smooth, like a branch left in a rushing stream.
He’s not surprised when he feels a hand on his shoulder, and thankfully it’s friend, not foe. “Cas,” he says, as Staraptor disentangles her claws from Cas’ now somewhat shredded shirt and goes right after a Castform dusting snow over Hannah’s Tropius. “Thank God.” He grapples at Cas’ middle, something too desperate to be called a hug, but he tenses up when there’s no motion from Cas to return the gesture.
“Very.”
. If he’s a teeny bit — weirded out, yeah, that’s it — by the way Cas’ hands practically envelop Inais’ much smaller ones, well he’s not telling anyone anything.
Dean gets his ass up off the floor. Cas is intimidating enough when they’re both standing up, even if his vessel’s shorter. Dean grunts, “So let me get back to it,” as he brushes by him on the way out.
Dean’s ever heard without saying a word, but she was still a kid. Her eyes were wide and panicked on the tape, when Dean had seen grown-ass men scream in her face and her respond with nothing but a jut of her chin.
unused to it by now,” Dean points out, but it’s a murmur that gets distracted at every little slip of skin that gets exposed. Cas is lean, practically pretty; his vessel’s body didn’t get bulky with a hunter’s life.
Dean’s seen Cas naked before, or at least his vessel’s body, and he’s — well — it sucks for Jimmy Novak, it really does, but the guy’s in a better place and it’s definitely better that he’s not present. There are just a lot fewer bees this time. (And God, Dean’s had many, many thoughts that push forward
The look on Cas’ face is too soft, too sentimental, and Dean finds himself taking initiative in response. It’s been too long, but it’d be hard to forget how to do this, or how it felt. Carefully, Dean lowers himself onto Cas’ lap, inching himself backwards until Cas is fully seated inside him.
“What happened to your old body? Who the hell are you possessing now?”
He doesn’t have to wait very long for Crowley to get his comeuppance.
“Charlie kept trying to hack that, without you or Anna there?” Dean lets himself fall back against the pillow again. It’s flat as a board, but better than nothing. “That girl is so damn reckless.”
. And it’s got a big yard, with big tall trees that cast cool shade over the entire reach of it and a pool for Staraptor and Vaporeon.
hotel room, especially for his standards, and hell, he even got his own room that he didn’t have to share with Sam or Dad or anyone but Vaporeon. There’s complimentary lotion in a cloying vanilla scent, and sufficient towels as opposed to ones with ragged holes in them, and Dean pointedly doesn’t think of the home he doesn’t have.
He thinks he hears a “No!” in a voice he recognizes, firm but soft, without the roughness of anyone who’s spent too much time in Camp Chitaqua, before the world screams into too-bright white, then black.
gaze, the scrutinizing kind Dean assumed just didn’t exist in real life until he found himself drawn to it.
doesn’t really do it justice. “She probably won’t like it much.”
. You are too, sister dear. And strange little Castiel.”
Cas wonders how something so dirty can thrill him so much as Dean comes down, panting. Dean’s tempting mouth is stuck in an O shape and his hair is spiked with sweat and he shivers. Cas gets to see this for the rest of his existence.
“Not long.” Cas’ gaze
It’s good, apparently made before the wrecked corn syrup shit got into everything, and wouldn’t you know it, the expiration date’s only three days from now. They all split the bar into little pieces and pass them along; Dean makes some frankly gross noises when the chocolate starts dissolving under his tongue, but no one says anything. Cas even grumbles something at Inais when the other angel looks over at Dean, all wide-eyed.
Dean laughs at that. God, he missed Cas so badly. “How was the flying, though?”
As if anticipating Dean’s reaction, Cas reaches in and skims the rise of Dean’s cheekbone with his fingers. Dean would rather chow down on crocotta burgers than call anything intimate, but – that’s the closest word to what this is. They’re in public territory in the bunker, and Sam or Mary could walk in at any moment.
, Dean.
“Well, that explains how you got here, at least.”
Cas laughs, which is cruel and unusual punishment, but one Dean probably figures he deserves for ending up in this ridiculous situation. Then, his hands are reaching around the Woobat’s round, fluffy body – his hands are big enough to circle the Woobat entirely, but gentle enough that her eyes slip shut and she coos in happiness with how careful he is, and Dean is fucking screwed – and pulling her away. He tucks her, careful again, under his arm.
Cas shakes his head. “Anna commanded the garrison long before I did. She was more resourceful and had more connections.”
“Not really.”
Cas doesn’t say anything, but Dean finds himself flat on his back and caught between Cas’ knees. He thinks maybe he should complain, after all he’s the one who knows what he’s doing here, but fuck it, getting manhandled is friggin’ awesome.
“C’mon, Dean. Think I got a lead on something.” A pause, like John knows what the next words will do to Dean. He must not care that much, in the end, because he goes on anyway. “It’s in Nacrene.”
“Are you kidding me!” Alastair snarls, his words curdling. Watching the cracks spider out over the very deliberate shell they’ve created is satisfying as anything Dean’s ever done.
Dean can’t look Cas in the face the next day – “lookin’ pretty florid, Winchester!” as Charlie puts it, oh-so-cheerfully and definitely in Cas’ hearing range – but after that, he finds himself almost compelled to look at him. He’s a weird guy, but in a way that’s stupidly endearing, and Dean rolls his eyes when he thinks that, because he might as well be writing
to learn, if Dean has anything to do with it.
“I have nowhere to go.”
Outside, the night is perfect, a multitude of stars visible now that he’s far away from a city. The ocean laps at the shore, gentle and beautiful. Dean kind of hates it at the moment.
and the guy’s alive. Cas is already standing up, hands buried in his coat pockets, a benevolent smile across his face. A couple of people Dean thinks he actually sorta half-recognizes but can’t place right now are standing around, only, wait —
“Let’s go,” he snaps. “Last thing I wanna do is run into more shit I’ve gotten up close and personal with.” Cas might claim everything in here is too scared to hurt them, but if he ran into Amy or Emma again, you can’t convince him they wouldn’t want sweet, sweet revenge. And they’d be fucking right to get it, too.
Cas leans back and props his chin in his palm. It’s a very human gesture. “I’d like to help in the field, but I also have plenty of knowledge that might help you and other hunters. I’ll set up base somewhere nearby, and –”
“Are we Thelma and Louise now?” Castiel asks after a while, examining their laced fingers.
One by one, heads turn until they’re all looking at it. “Someone’s there,” Anna says.
Mary remembers Dean’s words to her in her own mind.
Cas has a new fierceness in his eyes now, though. “We’ll talk to Gabriel tomorrow.” Dean just nods, and kisses him.
“Stop asking stupid questions.” But now Cas is returning Dean’s grin with his own, and it’s perfect.
stupid. He knows a bad situation when he’s dunked into one. God knows enough people tried to lure him to back alleys when he was growing up, and even if they managed to separate him from what would be a very furious Vaporeon, they still met the business end of Dean’s frankly awesome left hook.
Castiel is tempted to move his head in a gesture that would indicate confusion. But that gesture would likely move himself away from Dean, so he restrains. “I don’t know what you mean.” He certainly has an idea, but he’s misinterpreted humans before.
, Dean had a Substitute doll himself. Even then, his dad made grumpy comments about
Strip. The word sounds good, even in his head. Emmanuel’s familiar with his own clothes, the heavy Gap sweaters and button-ups he favors, but his fingers nearly spasm as he imagines Dean’s worn-in cotton against his own hands. He must have scars from all his nasty hunts, and Emmanuel wants to tongue them, learn the difference between those imperfections and the rest of his skin. Dean’s body would be more muscular than Emmanuel’s, maybe even across his stomach.
“That’s all?” Dean asks. He’s exerted and sweaty, he feels it gathering around where his neck dips into his shoulder and along his back, and there’s gross-ass Leviathan splatter over the sleeve of his t-shirt, but all things considered, that wasn’t too bad.
When Dean’s faced with them in real life, though, it becomes clear to him just how obvious it was that those artists had never seen those Pokemon in action. He’d been a moron to doubt they could ever be fighting type. They fight in a gorgeous dance, grace and power combined. With every leap they take, Pokemon go falling off to the side as if struck. Their skin glistens with exertion, but in the light, it just looks like they’re shining.
when Cas leans in to bite at the little nudge of extra fat under his chin.
“A chick flick moment?” Sam dares to let the corners of his lips quirk up.
Sometimes, though. Sometimes Vaporeon makes the long dive into the water. Dean doesn’t blame her; Vaporeon’s cellular structure is designed for that species to melt right into the water and reform seconds later.
“You’re very important, Dean.” Cas is definitely humoring him, but there’s also just enough of that damn earnestness in his words.
. But he’s pretty sure he’s never sat through anything like a friggin’
Still, Dean’s not impressed. “Where’s Tessa? Or Jody? Or anyone else who works here?” He thinks of Victor, who sure as hell wouldn’t let himself be bullied into anything; the idea of any
“Thanks for that, actually,” Claire chimes in. Her eyes are still too serious, but Dean can tell she means what she’s saying. “I was kind of — losing it — when I started to get flashes of Purgatory, and that was what led me here.” She shrugs. “Not too many safe places left, after all.”
“Get out of here,
Neither of them give a shit that the windows are broken, apparently.
“Physical sensation, huh,” he has to ask, licking into the little dip where jaw meets neck. “Can I try something?” He’s kinda twitchy with nerves, but Cas isn’t saying anything about it, only nodding.
“Congrats. Thank you.”
“Kevin’s probably the screwed one,” Tamara points out.
“Sleeping’s weird right now, man,” Dean admits, not facing Cas as he shrugs into the jacket. “Time is weird.”
Dean just smiles at her and waves back. It’s a little embarrassing, sure, and
Dean can’t talk about Sam and Mary with Castiel. He’s kept them out of this. Sammy is his second heartbeat; he never had a choice, but he’d choose him every time anyway. Sam’s the one part of Dean he can feel okay loving. Mom, he used to love what he realizes now was the idea of her, an endless well of comfort and false memories of long nights in the kitchen. When she came back, yeah, it took some adjustments. But he loves her more now, because she’s human. Because she’s fucked up, like all the rest of them.
*****
“Good,” Sam says, and he looks so understanding Dean wants to throw up all over him.
Dean manages to shove out, “Just fuckin’ touch me, man, it’s all good,” before he leans forward and braces himself against Cas.
But he has no idea how to react, so he merely moves forward. Chastity – Elise, really – had started with loosening his clothes, her lips sticky with gloss on her neck. Castiel had buzzed with the wrongness of all of that, how he didn’t want it, not like this. Her father was as good an excuse as any, and it was more comfortable to bump shoulders with Dean in the alley afterward anyway.
“Sounds kind of uncomfortable,” Dean says with a dry but warm laugh.
He might have been young, and it might have been almost ten years ago, but he knows he loved Cassie, her wild hair and quick smile and fascination with the world even in tiny, quiet Village Bridge. But she didn’t have a Pokemon – they were nineteen, and most people got their Pokemon at twenty, it was normal – and John didn’t like Dean sneaking off to spend time with her, so Dean found himself
“Yes.”
“I want to apologize.” Cas is talking right into the side of Dean’s head. God, his lips are so close to Dean’s temple. If Dean turns his head only a little bit, they could be – “I wanted to be useful. For you. For the world. For everyone I’d ever failed. Like if I could do this one thing, this one good thing, it would make up for all the harm I’d done.”
to have with me. It’s real messed up out there, Cas. You know it, too. I could take Vaporeon and we’d go kick some ass. But I want you and Staraptor here too, fightin’ – whatever the hell this is. I want you here with me. We’ll figure it out from there.” Vaporeon chirrups in approval.
“Good idea,” Dean returns, amazed at how even he can keep his voice.
He brushes his teeth, gets into his pajamas, and takes his last piss for the night in the adjoining bathroom. Vaporeon perches on the tiny tub they have there and coos when Dean flicks water on her. Most of the time, though, Dean’s just thinking about Cas in the other room. The sheets were thin over him, and Dean could probably get an idea of the shape of his body –
Lanturn swims through the air into sight. Her mouth hangs open, spewing forth another huge spout of water, which strikes Magmortar in the back. Magmortar lets out a choked wheeze, a huge cloud of black smoke coming out of his mouth. He topples to the ground.
He can’t imagine either of them being friends with Gabriel. She can’t get through a conversation without some terrible joke or an ostentatious guffaw; Dean’s never seen Gordon or Kubrick look anything other than what he would politely call
Lilith ain’t decent.
he can feel other than the warmth of it, but with the way his leg is wrapped around Cas, God, there’s only Dean’s normal boring underwear and Cas’ fucking awesome panties in between so much skin pressed together.
“Castiel here tried to make a run for it,” Dean says. He claps his free hand over Castiel’s shoulder, but pulls it away almost as quickly as he put it there. “Gotta wake up pretty early to pull one over on the Winchesters.” The humor doesn’t reach his voice; he’s not surprised.
It’s kind of great.
“When we were shopping, you told me to get underwear,” Cas grumbles, as much as he can when his voice is sunk even lower and more growly than usual. Dean lets his brain flash through fun memories like the way it feels to get shot in order to not come right there. “I bought underwear.”
Her hair’s shorter than it was in the picture Anna showed Dean. But
The endearing part, though, he’s totally right about that. A herd of elementary school kids come in a couple of days later, on some kind of school trip, and mill about the floor. “
The next few minutes are one big fucking blur. Literally. They’re so cramped, the front of Dean’s calves folded up to press against the door of the Impala as he heaves back and forth, screwing himself and Cas alike with the toy. It’s all little shallow punches inside him, so fucking good and unbelievably frustrating all at once.
He still feels like there’s a nasty gash torn open on his side. But there’s no one whose hands he wants tending the wound other than Cas.
“You didn’t — did you get a weapon or something?” If Cas doesn’t want to fight, well Dean’s not happy but he’s
Charlie smiles and claps her hands together. “Knew you were gonna get it. Lose the green tie. I think we both know that’s not you.”
That’s what Dean will think about, in his last minutes. It’ll be his last thought before Alastair tears him apart.
It’s terrifying to admit to someone else besides himself, this thing that he’s been carrying as close to him as the amulet used to be, a soft bump against his chest with every step. He can’t remember a time when he
“You’d think so,” Meg sighs. She’s definitely done the most talking here, and Dean’s pretty sure she’s taken charge of this meeting. Isn’t
“This ain’t the way,” Dean says, voice low and practically deadly. “You wanna be great, you keep being who you are. Or
“He’s not a
“I know,” Dean grumbles back. Vaporeon reaches up to bump her scaly head against his hand at that, in some attempt at moral support. “Look, I didn’t see him trying to talk to
Dean’s pretty sure Cas would rush into the enclosure even without Vaporeon diverting the attention of the Darumaka. He’s the type who bolts right into things, and Dean’s always thought of himself like that too. But Dean’s much more of a nurturer, while Cas leaves the nursery every day with sharp semi-circle bites on his fingers and burn marks scoring his arms. He legitimately does not give a shit about self-preservation.
. There’s a tear track leading down from only one of his eyes. Cas stares at him, questioning, and his cooling, drying come against Dean’s dick is almost – uncomfy. The only point of contact they have now is at Dean’s ankle, where Cas’ fingers stroke. They’re going too slow.
He can’t do this again. If he doesn’t face up to what they’ve got laced between them, he’ll do nothing but walk away angry from Cas the rest of his life. “Cas –” he starts, with no idea what the destination will be.
But then. “This is the Opelucid police,” the voice at the door announces, a booming voice full of all the intimidation that statement warrants. “We’d like to talk to you.”
“I’m thinking out loud, gimme a break,” she sighs. Dean can practically see her eye roll. Then she pushes on. “I could still feel his emotions sometimes. For years. There were times when I
Almost.
“Of course not.” The glare softens by degrees. “That would have changed things, Dean.”
that found his way into his life, when they were supposed to be nothing but a lowly foot soldier and an archangel’s vessel in Heaven and Hell’s ultimate, way-out-of-proportion dick-measuring contest, and Cas stayed there. Dean
“Knew that too.” Dean still slides in a little closer to Castiel, like he’s seeking confirmation. It’s true, anyway, the way Sam’s there for him, and everyone else, the fact that he can play board games with Jody and kick back shots with Sarah and Tamara and freakin’
This is it. But it’s not so awful after all, as it turns out.
Dean doesn’t even realize the call’s ended; he hangs onto the phone for a few beats after. He looks at Vaporeon, whose tail happily wags back and forth, even before Dean’s told her the good news. “What the hell, right?” he says. He’s smiling all the way.
“Opelucid? I’m goin’ for all of Unova,” Benny volleys back.
“I, uh, could have been a lot friendlier to a lot of people in my building,” Dean responds. “I don’t know as many people as I should.” Or anyone at all.
him – and Cas promised he was gonna be there until the end of things. Everyone else, they’d be dead, but not him. Not him. He was supposed to
Now Cas looks up at him, all teasing and grinning gone from his expression. There’s a solemnity across his brow, like they’re churning up something sacred here. Cas spreads Dean’s legs open and leans down once more, to flick his tongue across Dean’s opening.
The sheer enormity of everything that’s Castiel blazes in his eyes, meeting Dean’s. No human should be expected to accept that. “I could remember… companionship,” Cas says, at last, and Dean’s happy that his voice interrupts the silence. “Some of it was familial. Some of it wasn’t.”
“The imposter Lucifer is worthless to me –”
No tenderness. Not when the world could crack open beneath them. Castiel understands, and drags Dean’s hand back.
The money he’ll get from this is not going to make Dean a millionaire, and he’s not going to be set for life either. What it’s going to do, though, is give him the money for something he
As for John, the roof of Celestial Tower had no more answers than anywhere else did, and he dragged them off to another too-long flight from Mistralton not long after that. But Dean still remembers those few hours he spent in the dark, one arm around Vaporeon and the other around Sammy, staring stock forward on guard. That’s how alert he is now, still staring at the damn letter.
Cas knows enough to know that, however perfect this moment may be, life will not stay perfect forever. He can’t tear every nightmare out of the Winchesters’ heads, or protect them from every danger. Dean, Sam, and Mary, not to mention himself – their lives have never been steady. Their pasts are ugly, and the future is never certain.
Kevin, Linda’s son, works at the nursery too. Dean suspects it’s because the other workers got him an in with Jake; Kevin and Jake talk on Skype all the time now, Kevin and his newly-acquired Riolu following the sharp, deliberate movements of Jake and Medicham. “
“That
and slips past him into Dean’s room. Dean clicks on the light; he’s gotta see him. “What’s up?”
, he thinks, but his body isn’t listening. All the nerves in there are on protest in shock, apparently. He gets toed over – literally, Dick Roman pushes him over to his other side with his foot, and it’s easily the most humiliating experience of his goddamn life – by what must be Dick’s super expensive loafers.
“Your Vaporeon is lovely.”
Perfect. Dean never thinks that word. When he thinks that word is when the world starts splitting itself apart. But right here, in this bed –
It’s all so fascinating, because he’s seen millennia, and he’s had universes live inside him. He’s seen humans undress each other, too, seen Dean Winchester crowd girls into the backseat of the Impala and peel their clothing away.
of yours, keep going, God, please –”
“It’s not really permanent, then.”
Eventually, Dean leans backward so he can talk to Sam. “Sorry I kinda dragged you along,” he mutters. “I know you like your beauty sleep. Need it to keep the hair lovely and shiny.”
They stand like that for longer than Dean would ever admit, even though there’s the possibility it could only be a couple of seconds. It’s because at least this is something new, even if it’s terrifying, and part of Dean is expecting Sammy to crack open all that darkness and pull them both through. Part of him is expecting that same darkness to just swallow them all up, too, because everything tends to go to shit for him.
, over his body in lazy zig-zags. He misses nothing; he spends time on the insides of Dean’s thighs and his biceps, his shoulders and gut, his neck. It’s a little weird, and it gets a
like I don’t know what it’s like. Like I didn’t live through it for millennia. I’ve killed your kind.”
“I mean alive.” That gets Dean’s attention. “It’s not like God’s been upstairs caring about Cas all that much. I mean, c’mon. Of all people, I’ve seen who you’ve lost. And just Castiel keeps coming back?”
It’s just a long shift, he tells himself. With Cas. He’s worked with him before. It’s going to suck, but he’s going to get through it with minimal awkwardness. He can do it.
“Did you know I would be here?” And goddamn it, it’s impossible not to notice the way Charlie starts looking back and forth between the two of them. He doesn’t even want to think about the damn look on her face, which is more or less unabashed glee. It’s easy to forget, because with Cas around, the world has a funny way of narrowing down to the two of them, his heavy gaze and the past that simmers between them.
them out.
“I don’t know.” Cas’ voice cracks with weariness at the seams. “Dean, I
Dean tries to smile. It’s not working too well. Even Staraptor’s looking at him with an expression on her face that’s something approaching pity, and if she looks anything other than furious or existentially bored something’s wrong. “It’s alright,” he says, even though it’s – not, really. He’s not even thinking about himself, but about Castiel, about why in the world he wouldn’t
, then kicking out and
about it, he could deal with Sammy freezing him out; getting the same cold silence when he’s joking around about salad wounds him.
“Some things may be the same from universe to universe,” Castiel intones. “I felt some kind of pull toward this shape. And other things. I wanted something of my own, and from the time of my creation all I’ve learned is that want is dangerous.”
Sam is still glaring.
Dean had gotten the hell out of that situation, and fast.
Dean offers him his biggest smile, the one he knows is way too much, with all his teeth. “Nah, you don’t,” he says. The smile drops. “Look, I – I’m bringin’ you along because Flagstaff told me that she knows the basic details. And it’s gotta do with us.”
“Cas, hey.” Dean gathers him against his side. Cas is aware they can’t really get closer, but the way the two of them have been touching each other since Cas returned from the other universes, even before they were sexually intimate – if there was some way they could fold the other into their physical forms, Cas is fairly sure the two of them would have done it already. “We don’t have to talk about that.”
He always had to be strong for Sammy, had it drilled into his mind since he was four years old. Letting someone else be strong for him is just — it’s a new thing that has to settle in, calm the constant churning thing inside him. He’s faced down the Devil; he’s just gotta let time take its toll here.
“If only anyone knew what his plans were.” A short, tawny-haired woman, who Dean is getting the distinct vibe of
Jody and Claire, right?” Her smile fades a little, that same sad look in her eyes. “The vamp thing – I have history. And I don’t wanna talk about it right now. But maybe some day. And then… I love Jody, Claire’s my sister, but I want to get out of this life.” She brightens up by a couple of degrees. “That’s why I’m here, anyway.”
He just nods in response, because there’s nothing else to say when an angel tells you that, that you’re something he needs in his life, and he knows all the fucked-up shit you’ve done and you’re capable of doing, and he just scoffs it off and draws you closer anyway. Dean lets his eyes slip shut, face slack. In this world, he’s never really relaxed, but he’s not so much on edge at least.
Mary lets herself take one deep breath. She doesn’t even know if he’s here, and if he’s not, her whole plan’s gone to shit. But she has to try; she’s always going to try. “You get to claim credit. Me, I get one of your soldiers. I need the angel Castiel.”
Dean nods, and gets up from his seat along with Cas. As the two of them leave the room, he catches a glimpse of just how amused Kelly, of all people, looks. Again,
“I had to.” And geez, Dean’s voice sounded wrecked, sure, but he sounded sweet as Page doing “Stairway to Heaven” when you compare him to Sam. Sam’s eyes are all watery, too, the dweeb. “I wasn’t gonna leave you there — you too, Cas —”
“Sam, Dean? We got somethin’ to show you,” Ellen says. Okay, so he should have been terrified. The two of them take a step forward, but Cas and Amy are right at their heels. Tamara chuckles at that.
“Dean, I’m not – hell, I’m not even as old as you are, technically,” she teases. The light tone drops away to seriousness as she says her next words. “But I’ve seen enough people in this life choose misery and deny themselves any sort of happiness. I’ve seen enough people spurn
“My dad was right.” He’s not crying, at least he hasn’t gotten that low, but his voice makes it so damn obvious those tears are on the brink of spilling over. His mind whirls too quick, body going all but limp in response. It can’t catch up. “This whole time, he was right –”
Cas stands up and takes a few steps toward Dean, until they’re too close but he can hardly care. “I know you chronically brush off emotional moments with humor, but never doubt that I do,” Cas says fiercely, still thrumming from their argument, breathing in the same space as Dean. A sapling smile, little more than just a suggestion, starts worming its way into the corner of Cas’ mouth. “I’m old, and I’m tired. And I’m tired of fighting with you.”
Not that she could really forget, but the mention of Dean makes Mary remember what she’s brought back with her. She tugs her captive forward. “Not my best idea, I know, but I have –”
It’s the only thought that gives him pause.
“Vaypo,” Vaporeon says, pushing her forehead against his calf, when they get back to his apartment. From the expression on her face, Dean’s pretty sure that if she had opposable thumbs and the ability to say anything other than permutations of her own name, she’d be sitting across from him with a cup of coffee and telling him,
made his way to the dance floor, too. Amy’s got her arms up in the air in glee, while he shuffles around her. He ain’t dancing, but he’s sure as hell trying.
Dean starts to open his mouth to say something else, probably worse, but he stops in his tracks when he sees the look on Charlie’s face. Her eyes are narrowed, but her eyebrows are still lifted, hurt and anger and confusion playing themselves out on her face at the same time.
*****
The bed here is outright skinny, with a faded flower-patterned bedspread. Dean remembers the crack about
“Hopin’ to have you and Cas throw one of these in the future!” Bobby hollers across the dance floor. Way too many people hear that; Dean feels his temperature racket up a couple of degrees, and his skin is probably turning ferociously pink under his freckles.
Dean could fill a couple of books with his stories from Opelucid. And yet, from up here, he realizes there’s so much about the city he didn’t know, he never knew, and he’s never going to know. Entire worlds.
“British Men of Letters were always over-prepared. Gotta give those limey bastards credit,” Dean says by way of introduction. “Not that they were ready for Sammy.” He crosses his arms across his chest and leans against the wall. It’s solid, the barrier he needs to steady himself against.
Meg shrugs. Honestly, she’s kind of disturbingly normal-looking, placid expression on her face and the straps of a backpack looped around her shoulders. “Hell always runs better with a queen, is what I say,” she tells him, all off-handedly.
Cas’ eyes are so sharp. “Lucifer was even crueler wearing your visage.” Dean doesn’t urge him to go on, because those words make his chest tighten and he can’t even begin to imagine what the angel’s thinking of, but Cas does anyway. “My brothers and sisters went away, and you’d come in, but only to tell me it had all been a show for Sam, and if I couldn’t help you then you hoped my Grace would rot in the hospital, without even Meg staying behind. You told me you’d hand me over to Crowley when it was convenient —”
An Altaria hovers by her side. Normally, the big guys are kinda cute, floating on their big cotton clouds. They’re the rare Dragon-type that Opelucid doesn’t obsess over, even though stuffed Altaria toys are pretty popular among kids. But Raphael’s Altaria is as stately and serious as Raphael herself, with a heavy bent to her brow and a serenity that plays as outright chilly.
The first time Alastair attacked him, he got his goons to do the dirty work. Dean still remembers the panic that rose through his gut and throat when he found himself pinned to the ground by an Illumise’s psychic attack, how his system thrashed at him when his body physically couldn’t. That attack was so much weaker than anything a fully powered-up Mewtwo could offer.
Dean makes a stupidly high noise in his throat when Cas pulls away, even if his hips kept kickin’ until he was too soft to stay inside Dean’s ass. The thrill picks up again when Cas curls around him, best he can in the backseat. It’s big, but not big enough for them. Dean doesn’t give a shit right now, he just needs contact.
good.
It’s impossible to stay mad at Cas anyway. Not when Cas tosses him a bag of potato chips while Dean’s chowing down on a turkey sandwich and tells him, “It’s better with those on it.” Not when Cas ends up absent-mindedly handing off a quarter of his own sandwich to both Staraptor and Vaporeon, and laughs good-naturedly with Dean about the way Vaporeon skids across the floor as she chases after food. Not when Cas gives squealing baby Pokemon shots without blinking, speaking softly to them the entire time to calm them down.
That’s what he’s felt like since he met Castiel. He’s just a little coin, kicked in by some outside force, circling around and around until he tips into something deep. For his own self-preservation, he’s trying to hold on to the sides, because that last leap is a permanent thing that’s going to take his whole existence and twist it, turn it on its head.
Then, though, he bends to inspect the fridge. There’s only ketchup, some take-out containers with suspect brown spots all over them, and five squat bottles of the same kind of mustard. “Only worried about your cooking skills.”
“It’s the middle of the day, Dean,” Sam says, rubbing a hand over his forehead.
What brings him back to earth are Cas’ sneakers. They’re plain white, pristine, and really dorky. Dad shoes, the kind Jimmy might have worn. They don’t go with the rest of his outfit, and Dean’ll have to get him some real boots, but he grins at them anyway. It’s so
The conversation dies for a few beats, until Claire chuckles, darkly. “I shouldn’t tell you this,” she mutters.
Well, Castiel reacts to that one. The color drains from his face, and though he manages to fix his expression back into its usual inscrutable mask, shock remains in his eyes. “You went to Hell?”
Dean remembers the ridiculous BAMF that strode into the barn, the one who threatened throwing him back into Hell without thinking twice, and as much as Dean appreciates Cas’ — it’s weird to call it friendship, that doesn’t even begin to cover it, but it’ll do — he feels awful watching Cas twist himself into a too-thin string of self-loathing, no better than the rest of the other poor suckers on Earth. Cas was making himself family, a Winchester, in more ways than one.
He really friggin’ hates this.
Dean stops biting back the smile and lets it spread over his face. The road’s easy under his feet, and if the radio’s all static, well, he’s got the nerd-ass conversation in the car and it’s not as bad as he might’ve thought. He travels on, wherever the hell his life plans to take him next.
anything for like a week. And then he’s in an entirely new place.
Leafeon’s very tentative with the two other Eevee evolutions at first, his tail going rigid when they join in. Dean thinks that this will have to be the end of a really damn perfect day, because they’re going to have to take Vaporeon and Espeon home and it’s a damn shame, but Vaporeon apparently doesn’t even notice and bowls right over Leafeon, who gets up and chases after her, all his hesitance gone. All the Pokemon are fully welcome right after that, apparently, and Dean finds himself cracking up way too many times watching Amy’s Alakazam chase helplessly after the other Pokemon on foot. He’s not made for running much.
