“John.” Sherlock interrupted the loaded silence building between them the longer John stared longingly at him.
“Mike Stamford.” Sherlock greeted solemnly.
“Donovan!” Lestrade called out from the entrance of the house.
“Why are you…? Stop this,” John pleaded, voice trembling as Sherlock remained ever constant, eyes never faltering, never demonstrating a tell of a lie, because he wasn’t lying and that was the most confusing part to come to terms with.
"Yes. You can taste me. I want you to taste me."
"How does it feel?" Sherlock hissed.
Sherlock's lips parted in a breathless exhale as he attempted to make sense of this new discovery.
“Don’t say that John.
“Where are you going?” Lestrade demanded to know.
“John.” Sherlock called from beyond the door, voice trembling, and if John didn’t know better he’d almost say the alpha was close to tears, but that couldn’t be. Sherlock didn’t care enough for him to feel any sense of rejection, not like how John felt now.
, but we will have to have another ceremony for her. It can be small, at the court house and maybe dinner at a restaurant or something after.”
"Be a good soldier and lay on my lap. Daddy thinks you need to be punished before you can have a treat."
“I’m forty-three years old, John.” Lestrade laughed bitterly.
John was seated with a large group of people, eating and laughing. A woman with a brightly colored pink and silver birthday hat on was in the center of the group, by far the loudest and drunkest of them all.
Sherlock's hands trembled noticeable, far more than his body as he clasped them together and clenched them tight. Glancing over to their respective chairs before meeting John's stare, the omega moved to seat himself and waited for John to do the same.
“We’ll save them. I promise.” Sherlock vowed.
Sherlock's silver eyes lowered to the ground. Mycroft knew him well enough to know he'd never wanted his heat, never wanted children. Then again, he'd never wanted to marry, but he had. Regardless, he'd been contemplating the option with more certainty than question.
“4:46AM.”
“It’s not good for a pregnant omega to stay up so late. Don’t you agree, Sherlock?” John mused merrily.
After betas were created, the abundance of omegas steadily decreased. Alphas mated with betas as all omegas that remained were soon bonded with. It came to pass that an omega was promised to a worthy alpha by the age of five and they were to bond/marry after the omega reached their second heat cycle. The parents of an omega were substantially rewarded for their offered/sacrificed omega.
Sherlock smirked, stuck his nose up priggishly and rang the doorbell.
"Sir." An agent greeted.
“What’s the occasion?”
“I was rather preoccupied.” Sherlock answered, smirking smugly across the room and to an unsettled John.
“That’s all I’m asking.”
That night after John readied for bed and slipped under the sheets he remained awake, silently waiting for the alpha’s return. No matter their arguments or how angry John was, Sherlock always returned to scent him. Sherlock never came. John watched through the window as the dark sky brightened with the return of the sun. Sherlock did not attend breakfast, lunch, or dinner, and he never came to find him during the day.
All of this was circumspect, until they talked about it. Eight months of not talking about it - ignoring it - wasn't helping. Gregory enjoyed their time together. Loved spending hours talking about everything and nothing. Loved looking into those green eyes and seeing the shyness there. His innocent, intelligent alpha had taken possession of his heart long ago.
.” Sherlock’s sharp whimper broke the silence, the alpha raising his hips up creating the lost friction once more.
The doors to the kitchen slid open to reveal more officers searching the place. Anderson was one of them and turned to face the living room before he mockingly greeted a fuming Sherlock.
"Mm, I just need to lay down and set things in order."
conversation.
“I should go shower and then I’ll make us brunch.” John declared and could see the agreement in Sherlock’s eyes.
A banner hanging over the entryway read in pink and blue, "Happy Baby Shower". Sherlock wanted to die and he was sure John was right there along with him. His alpha had moved over to the bar and filled himself a glass of wine (because Lord forbid they have a baby shower without liquor) and began slowly drinking its contents. Sherlock wished his alpha were like some others, ones who believed it was healthy for a pregnant omega to drink a glass of wine every now and then. But no, he had himself a wary and cautious mate who refused the notion. So all Sherlock could do was stare wantingly at that glass of wine his mate drank.
“Uh, listen…” John stammered, more than a bit staggered. He’d been hit on before, but those times were with people wanting to have a fling, and the way they’d gone about it hadn’t left room for the imagination. It immediately turned John off. This was a completely different situation.
, Sherlock was too good to him.
“They’re hurting him at his school.” Sherlock stressed quietly, balling his hands into tight fists wondering why the hell he cared so much.
“Sherlock.” John whimpered, one hand fisting the back of a silk robe, the fingers of his other hand running through soft tresses and fisting a handful of hair with desperation.
“So how do—”
John set his fork down and palmed his face, letting out an agitated groan.
When Sherlock took hold of John’s hand and slipped on the wedding ring, he felt sick to his stomach, his omega still refusing to look at him. As John viciously shoved the ring he held on Sherlock’s finger, Sherlock bit back a pained whimper.
"I'm aware. I'm clearly aware of how I disgust you with my feelings." John's anger flared. Because all this time he'd been kind and submissive for Sherlock and he'd been burned each time. This one thing of his he needed, Sherlock wished to deny him, and even when John tried to pacify the omega, he was left insulted.
Pressing a hand against the partially open door of his room, it softly creaked as it gradually swung, and Sherlock was greeted by a sight he was unprepared for.
John wanted to have Sherlock keep a low profile now, just until another story took the press’ attention from Sherlock. Only that wouldn’t happen, not when he’d received the news he’d wanted and dreaded in equal fervor.
John looked away from the glaring bruise to determine if Sherlock's words held truth. A moment later a deep frown creased the alpha's mouth.
"I was angry." John admitted. "Only because I wasn't here to cook for you and instead you were left in a smoked filled home. I was worried about you."
It had taken several job interviews, most of which Sherlock couldn’t help interrupting with texts. Feeling lonesome and needy, but John only ever replied after he’d finished his interviews. Eventually, John found a job at a clinic and Sherlock felt somewhat dismayed he wouldn’t see as much of his mate. Sherlock accepted it though; if it made John happy that was the only thing that mattered.
“I’m not avoiding you,” Mycroft dully answered, staring at the flashing red light reading floor 8.
John hummed, voicing thought, and suckled at the omega's flesh, pressing his pelvis into Sherlock's side.
When the sickening churn settled and he’d dispelled the contents of his stomach, John pulled back from the toilet and leaned against the cool wall of the bathroom. Hugging his folded legs close to his chest, John rested his forehead against his knees and stopped fighting the urge to cry.  The tears fell freely as he gave to heartache.
"John!" Sherlock exclaimed excitedly, wrapping his arms around his alpha's broad shoulders, and kissed him.
John sighed heavily, his legs tired from the exertions of their walk he moved to seat himself beside the alpha.
A choked sob broke from John and tears immediately materialized.
“I love you.” John blurted and groaned, he didn’t want to surprise attack Sherlock with his admission.
"It's okay." John reassured, warm hands stilling in their ministrations.
“He'd come after me.”
"I'm not... I'm not crazy." Sherlock denied the voices.
“I hate this.” John raged, wiping away the remaining tears and pulled away enough from his sister to stare into her anxious blue eyes.
“I know…
“People do come to you for help, don't they, Mr. Holmes?” Harry questioned.
“No, Sherlock always replies. To everything. He's Mr. Punch-line. He will outlive God trying to have the last word.”
“Don’t mention it.”
“You’re a cuddler aren’t you?” There was humor in Sherlock’s voice.
“Sherlock.” John started.
Sherlock did. They kissed slow, wet, and full of the feelings neither had yet to express, but it feels like love. A kiss of love is the most beautiful of any. True John had kissed no one but Sherlock, but John didn’t have to. He knew this was the taste of love; nothing else could set his heart ablaze or cause him more joy.
been mine, and you can raise your family."
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“It’s all so beautiful.” John admired Dartmoor and Sherlock merely sighed, wishing the drive was over so that they could start up on their case.
Mycroft, the pompous ass, sat behind his desk. Leaning forward, the government official clasped his hands on top of the polished wood and flashed a look of disapproval to a livid Sherlock. The consultant was forcibly restrained in the chair across from him. Two agents gripped his shoulders and lower arms, keeping their hold tight. Their focus was clearly on Sherlock, they would not allow him to lunge at the gentleman as he'd attempted to do moments earlier.
"I'm going to work on my experiment now. I wouldn't mind if you made waffles this morning. I find I'm rather in the mood for them." Sherlock said, before exiting the room and leaving the alpha to his thoughts.
The alpha wrapped an arm around his shoulders and leaned in to nuzzle his burning ear. "Sherlock." John murmured hotly and Sherlock's eyes squeezed shut as he worked on calming his breathing, because this was too much to handle.
“Then it’s fine. He’ll come out eventually.”
“You really enjoy spending time with him?” Sherlock huffed the moment Lestrade left their flat, glaring agitatedly at John
"Let me go." Sherlock's voice was dead of sentiment.
“Come in.” John commanded.
A shrill whimper broke from John as Sherlock’s petal finger stroked him on one hundred and twenty. He came, spurting hot white seed all over them both. John sobbed from the devastatingly powerful orgasm that coursed through him. Soft, supple lips collided with his own and John’s mouth opened on a keen, growing all the more needing and pitiful when Sherlock’s heated tongue glided through and ensnared his in an ardent kiss. John panting shakily through it, his little mewls of need drowning in Sherlock’s mouth. Seeking comfort, John wrapped his arms around Sherlock and brought him close to his chest. Embracing his mate full of love, John broke their kiss to press his nose in Sherlock’s hair and whined helplessly, his vicious grip had yet to abate.
John was pleasantly surprised to find that it was an informative DVD. It gave scientifically accurate information from various medical experts, and through their explanations of factual information, scenes of an alpha demonstrating the topic of discussion were shown.
“It’s an experiment.” Sherlock sneered.
His eyes focused on the monstrous cock. Heavy and thick. Flushed and appearing warm to the touch. The bulbous head was a deeper shade of red. The spout glossy and wet with pre-cum. Intricate veins corded the circumference of the extensive length. Sherlock's omega longed for it, needed it in a way his logical part could not accept.
"Hurt me? You've more than hurt me, John. Don't you realize how I feel about you? I... You've broken my heart!" Victor's words shook on the edge of agony and John's heart swelled painfully, because he'd hoped it wasn't this. He knew Victor fancied him, but he'd thought... He'd thought that as their friendship had developed it had softened those feelings of Victor's heart to nought.
Everything happened so fast. Witnesses stood and clapped for the couple. His alpha and the best man standing at his side moved down the steps of the altar and swiftly left. John should have followed, but he didn’t. Instead, John staggered over to his mother who quickly embraced him.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulders and retrieved the icebox and headed for the kitchen refrigerator to put away the organs.
give it to me." Sherlock felt the corners of his lips twitch in a faint smile. His sore face pulsed with the pain of the action, but it was worth it to watch John's gaze fill with fear.
"Like you're any better." Sherlock contemplated as John shakily walked them towards the omega's bedroom. Sherlock bit back a whine and did all he could not to wiggle too much, the feel of his cock pressing against a strong shoulder was near maddening. Sherlock's bedroom was closer and John could hardly walk himself, but he would do this for his omega. There was no way he'd allow them to lose their virginity on the kitchen floor. He and Sherlock were worth more than that.
Sherlock hoped John heard him he had a craving for bananas and the ice cream would cool him down.
Sherlock's eyes snapped open when John grabbed the hem of his shirt and raised it far enough to expose the whole of his abdomen.
“Don’t touch me!” John growled, and slapped away the alpha’s hands, staggering back in his rush to create distance.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“Perfect.” John said to himself, before raising the spoon up to Sherlock’s mouth as a silent offer for him to taste his sauce. “Try some.”
“I… Yes, okay. I agree to your terms of this bond.” John finally spoke, though his voice was soft, weak, and brittle, on the verge of breaking, like his heart.
“One.”
“How do you know that?”
.” John said his name with more care than he’d ever done before, then John whimpered, diving forward and connecting their mouths.
John thought maybe Sherlock would grow to love him, but three months didn’t seem enough time for Sherlock. It only took John seconds to fall in love with his omega, but Sherlock may never grow to love John.
After John treated himself to a nice hot bath where he finished reading one of the many books on his kindle, John lay out on the bed and switched the television on. For a long while John enjoyed just resting—the last few days had been rather busy what with working the case and then doing all he could possibly fit in the last three days of their vacation.
Bowing his head and biting into his bottom lip, John accepted defeat.
"Nothing dear. I am just unbelievably happy."
“Show me your face.”
John nodded and moved further down; until Dr. Levy nodded her head with approval.
John blushed hotly at the realization that this whole time they’d been staring at him. His parents stared on with annoyance and embarrassment, whereas the Holmes’ eyed him warily. No doubt, Mr. and Mrs. Holmes were wondering if they’d just bound their alpha son to an alcoholic omega.
Mycroft smirked, "It's his way of storing all he views as important. He can dissociate from his body and slip into his mind."
John gawked at the alpha.
. This moment of pleasure wasn’t worth it in the long run, he’d have to face the consequences later, that the alpha would seek more than the omega was ready to give. Mounting, penetration, knotting would undoubtedly follow… This couldn’t happen.
Victor grimaced at the notion.
Mycroft inhaled deeply and palmed his tired eyes.
"You were supposed to be watching him! You're the bloody government and you let him-!"
John was thankful they didn’t have to dance at their wedding, and he had a strong belief that it was due to his heavy intoxication that he was never prompted to do so. There had been speeches from the best man, it was formal and to the point. His father gave a speech that was humble and caring. Even Harry made a speech. She was pissed and spoke about always protecting her brother and then proceeded to threaten Sherlock if he were to ever hurt John she would end him. John had flushed hotly and glanced over to his alpha and in-laws. His in-laws were not pleased, but Sherlock smirked amusedly.
“Look at us both, an arranged omega and a lesbian dominatrix done in by one Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock pulled away only a fraction, not enough to stop his bangs from tickling John’s forehead, nor stop the heat of Sherlock’s breath brushing teasingly along his lips.
Oh no."
“You’re ready now. No more contraceptives, Sherlock.” John added the last part sternly, John was ready to start their family and Sherlock wasn’t going to stop it this time.
“John.” Sherlock growled full of yearning.
“Good, yes?”
“I’ll say it as often as you want to hear it.”
"Stop, Sherlock!" Concern pierced the alpha's words. Sherlock was growing wild and uncontrollable, he might end up hurting himself. Sherlock didn't care. The physical pain would be a welcomed distraction.
Sherlock had been clean to John's disbelief. But Sherlock wasn't the same man he knew. He was making questionable friends, going to crack houses, and then... then there had been Janine.
John let words of love, want, and ownership crash over Sherlock, overwhelming him in a tidal wave of lust and ecstasy. Sherlock felt every inch of John consume him insistently and repeatedly. His toes curled against the bed, his hips rocking to meet John’s powerful strokes.
"No, John, no. He's so..."
” Sherlock snarled.
“Eat, Sherlock. Then you can go back to bed.” John palmed Sherlock’s warm cheek, stroking it fondly with his thumb.
Marriage? Marriage though… Being an omega to an alpha submissive... How could Sherlock possibly…
The alpha held tightly to Sherlock's shoulders, his nuzzling drifting to one side of the omega's temple to inhale his scent with need.
“I… let you think I had no family when no one on my side came to our wedding, because… I have a younger sister I haven’t told you about.”
In the end, Mycroft arrived and leaned in close to Sherlock’s ear, whispering something before Sherlock followed after the displeased gentleman. John watched, irritated when Sherlock and Mycroft left him alone with the nutters and disappeared behind a door.
“Why would I want a mistress when I have you? You’re all I need.” Sherlock teased, nudging John’s arm with an elbow before rounding to stand in front of him.
Mary Morstan reigned supreme within his mind right at this moment and he was so very furious at his circumstances and John's inability to reject his wife. Let that child die and choose him.
John sobbed vociferously. He lifted his head up from the pillow to breathe and with it lost himself to the pain of an unsatisfying release. It wasn’t good enough. Self gratification during his heats would never be the same now that he’d been marked. His omega didn’t want to satisfy its own needs, not when Sherlock claimed him, bitten him. It was Sherlock’s duty to give John gratification, to fill him up to the brink with his alpha cock, and to spill his enormous load deep into his ass and reach his womb.
"I love you too, John." Sherlock shuffled closer, nearly laying himself completely on John, but the alpha didn't complain about the additional weight and smiled brightly as Sherlock tightened his hold on him.
“Uh, in London, currently. She’s staying…”
“What?”
What John found to be most heartbreaking though, was watching Sherlock propose to Janine. What was John to say to that? They were still married. Separated, but still married, and so now John was just supposed to accept that Janine was Sherlock's second? No. John wouldn't take it. As soon as they'd left the building, John was going to tell Sherlock to call off the engagement, because he'd be damned if his mate took a second, not after what they'd been through.
John always had difficultly determining his full encompassing scent, but Harry described his scent from another’s perspective. Apparently he smelled of crisp green apples, almonds, and brown sugar with a soft undertone of musk. Harry joked he’d make one hell of a dessert and John hadn’t found it the least bit funny.
Sherlock twisted his hips at an odd angle, curving up and downward in one motion, his massive alpha cock reaching the inner most private of areas within. John heaved laborious breaths, biting deep into his tongue, trying to keep the cries from spilling out when Sherlock massaged it… a place within him that brought wholesome rapture. Thrashing his head back against the pillow, John sobbed boisterously, clutching to Sherlock’s back frantically, digging his nails in deep and scratched through thin flesh, mewling lewdly.
Sherlock started touching John while he was naked. A brief palming of his cheek, a kind word, and a kiss, sitting himself beside John on the couch when he was watching the television and wrapped an arm around him, pressing up against John’s back and wrapping him up in his arms while John cooked, so that John could feel the hardness of Sherlock pressing against his ass.
Every time John prepared himself to leave their flat and meet up with Victor, he'd first find Sherlock wherever he was. John would daringly place his hand on the omega's shoulder and give it a reassuring squeeze, and Sherlock--each and every time-- would stare at him and wait for it, knowing it was going to come.
"You married me! You went into heat assuming I would so willingly accept you as my alpha?" Sherlock didn't know where he was going, but now that they were here, he was letting everything out.
"Don't you knock?!"
. Shoving deep, pushing as far as he could go into Sherlock, John squeaked noisily as his orgasm hit. Sherlock would tease him about it later, when he wasn’t feeling John’s hot seed shooting inside him all while his hard knot slammed past his unprepared rim, knotting and breeding him in one move.
” John groaned, when another spasm rocked through him more prominent than the first, painful now, piercing his lower regions with want.
John’s nails lengthened into threatening claws. Irene was going too far.
to be here. He never moved it. Frantically looking through the piles of socks, he was unable to find it. Glancing to the left and to John’s socks, Sherlock felt what little color remained on his face, drain out.
Sherlock stiffened at John’s words before he spun and strode towards him. As he neared him, John noticed Sherlock biting his bottom lip nervously.
Sherlock's arm around his waist tightened and John docilely followed when Sherlock gently tugged him to his side and took steps into the home. John followed Sherlock's lead to the living area where Harry urged them to seat themselves.
Sherlock groaned, his cock hardening further, rising and pressing at the edge of his waistband with its own need. Sherlock swiped his tongue over the lengthy welt and John hummed contentedly. Kissing his way back up, Sherlock placed his attention on John’s nipples, one at a time, kissing, suckling, and nudging them with his tongue. Working them over until they were hard as rocks and John was ever vocal - his groans were torture to his neglected arousal, but Sherlock paced himself. John needed him and he’d give him all he had.
, nothing smelled as mouth-watering as the alpha.
Sherlock frowned, “They might need me, but I need you.”
Sherlock had nearly slammed his fist against that blasted table and screamed,
"How..." John couldn't deny it, something told him even if he did Victor wouldn't believe him.
Mycroft was befuddled.
"Mother will be beside herself planning a baby shower."
Sherlock's mission had been canceled and he was released from his assured death sentence. Instead, the government wanted his help again, and so he gave it. John felt relief consume him. It was as if the world was giving him another chance. Sherlock was back. Back in London, back in 221B, and within reaching distance.
The pain did come, but it was dull, far less strong than the first penetration. Sherlock pulled back slow, measured and John felt more slickness follow his movement, knowing blood and slick was guiding the alpha’s movement. The slick soothed the soreness and the pleasure gradually strengthened when Sherlock countered and slid back in, just as gently as he pulled out. John lowered his gaze between their closely lodged bodies, and watched Sherlock’s lean pelvis rock back and forth, smooth, cautious.
. Bugger me up, John. Want your sperm, cock fuck me good. Breed me till I'm spilling your spunk." Sherlock whimpered like the bitch in heat he was. John shuddered under him. The vulgarity of Sherlock's words...
“You shouldn’t wait up for me next time. You need your rest.”
“Omegas are to be bound and bred by their chosen alpha. I was born a bitch and was bought to do as you wish.”
When the tea was ready, John poured their cups and placed a plate of biscuits near Sherlock.
John strangled out a whine of dejection, his hand moving to caress Sherlock’s jaw, his lips parting willingly when a warm tongue sought entrance. Sherlock kissed him with all the tenderness of the world. The gentle sucking and tonguing all so dizzying and welcomed. John relaxed into the kiss, and sank back onto the bed, kissing Sherlock with insistency. Seeking more care, more warmth, more love. He wanted to be loved. He wanted to be comforted. He wanted to be healed.
"We were set up by a alpha/omega matchmaking service. We went out to an Italian restaurant, my dear John knew I liked Italian food from my profile and he was... so kind, wonderful... I fell hard. Love a first sight if you can believe it. Me, Sherlock Holmes, a man of science, a logistician, fell hard and fast for my John."
“I’ll be out late.” John spoke softly, turned and exited the flat without another word.
John knew it was a little late to be meeting his in-laws, but seeing as he’d been rather drunk at the wedding, his parents must feel that he’d sobered up some and now was ready to meet them.
"I love you." John bowed low in his chair, wrapping his own arms around himself, trembling. Unable to stop speaking of what he'd always felt, but had repressed for so long.
“Have I upset you?”
“You don’t have to say anything. I just want you to know I’m here for you John. I know I can never know what it’s like to be an omega, but I want you to know I care for you like you’re my own.” Mrs. Holmes said warmly.
"Sherlock." John moved behind Sherlock as the omega pressed his hands around the railing of the crib and held tightly to it. Head bowed, eyes closed, Sherlock focused on his slow, measured breathing.
"You won't." Sherlock confirmed his own fears.
"God!" John stopped touching himself and pushed back further onto the bed. Crawling back until his back hit the headboard, John spread his legs and began fondling his balls with one hand while his other stroked at his inner thigh.
Ella frowned. John had always been a stubborn one where his feelings were concerned.
“Right.” John huffed.
Sherlock glared at John’s teasing, but John just kept smiling and soon Sherlock felt his lips twitch upwards.
“Mrs. Hudson, do you have any idea when Sherlock will arrive?”
A shuddering breath released from out of Sherlock at John’s innocent actions, that didn’t feel so innocent to him. A stirring in his lower region surprised Sherlock and his grip on his fork faltered; the silver clattering nosily against his plate, though the sound was muted by well wishes.
Sherlock stared calculatingly at the seemingly sincere alpha.
"You guess? It
Sherlock swallowed dryly. Palming his damp forehead, pulling back curled bangs that stuck there.
“Your phone. It’s expensive, e-mail enabled, MP3 player. From the way you dress normally, one can infer you wouldn’t waste money on this; it’s a gift, then. Scratches—not one, many over time. It’s been in the same pocket as keys and coins. The man sitting next to me wouldn’t treat his one luxury item like this, so it’s had a previous owner. Next bit’s, easy. You know it already.”
“You’re not going to say anything until the results come in?” John could hardly believe this.
"I don't read--"
“Talk to him.” Mycroft encouraged, his words soft so only Sherlock could hear.
“I’m trying.” John acknowledged, knowing it wasn’t much, but it was all he could do right now.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yes, well. I take full responsibility for my actions. I'm surprised I need to tell you, yelling at me won't change what has happened. Why come and throw a fit when you know it won't do any good? You should be home talking to your husband. I can only imagine how distraught John must be. His pregnant omega having run off after... well. It wasn't a good thing to leave him that way."
“Don’t lie to me John.” Sherlock glared, although John didn’t want to argue, he could see that Sherlock would not back down this time, not until he got a sufficient answer, an answer John would not give.
Lestrade leaned back in his seat, crossed his legs and noticeably scanned the gentleman’s form.
.” Sherlock whispered with revelation, as if he hadn’t predicted that response. The thought of John wanting to carry his pups seemed to have done a number on him.
Irene thought to herself. Sherlock agreed to take her case and offered her the spare room to sleep in. John was unable to voice his animosity for Sherlock’s decision for whatever reason. Irene refrained from grinning too wildly.
“How— Oh never mind.” John realized that didn’t matter.
"Sherlock." John whimpered, dampening the omega's neck as he scented his husband, but his omega didn't complain.
“You will be substantially rewarded. You’ll never want for anything.”
“John, you’re so full of my pups.”
Ice blue glared up at John accusingly.
“Not anymore.” John continued lying.
." John shook his head not wanting to believe it.
Mycroft and Harry calmly explained that they wished for Sherlock’s assistance in settling a delicate matter, though they remained vague on said matter.
“Why would he be? It’s been two years. He’s got on with his new life.” If you can call it that.
“I saw you!” Mycroft snapped, his void features at last giving to emotions—exposing the anger within. “You said you were fond of me and I foolishly trusted you. I spied on you. Placed hidden cameras in your home—and before you say it was an invasion of privacy, you should know better than to not realize I am the type to do such for those who I care about. Sherlock being one example of the lengths I’d go to in protecting and watching over others.”
Raising a hand to palm Sherlock’s knee, John shuffled to kneel directly in front of the alpha and nudged the still alpha’s knee, coaxing him into awareness.
"My waters broke." Sherlock spoke shakily. His eyes looking everywhere but at the alpha or omega.
“Let’s head out.” John whispered weakly, voice soft, giving way to the tormenting thoughts raging within.
Sherlock’s face was pleasantly flushed and John knew though he’d handled John extremely well, sex was still a new thing for them. John wanted this though and, glancing down below and to the monstrous alpha cock pressing up firmly against Sherlock’s abdomen, John knew Sherlock wanted this just as much.
“I don’t mind your touches, John.” Sherlock’s voice was gentle.
John stepped away to snatch up a glass of wine from a platter one of the servers were passing out.  Drinking it quickly he set it back on the tray before the server had barely started to walk off.
"He had his reasons."
John drew back nearly all the way before he thrust back in with precision and force. Sherlock moaned and tossed his head to one side, breathing laboriously into his pillow. Each thrust following stoked the fire of his heat, creating a high he thought unreachable, and clouding every other thought. His body was driven by one purpose as were all omegas when in heat. He needed to be bred, thoroughly knotted, only after would clarity reach him.
John would try anything if it meant he didn't have to resort to that...
“How's Sarah, John? How was the lilo?” Sherlock asked, changing topics, voice dull, yet John scented the antagonism silently brewing.
A month and three weeks since John’s heat came and went and in that time, John could say this was the happiest he’d ever been. His human and omega side were coexisting well and he felt harmonious with everything.
“Sherlock.” Lestrade’s irritated voice boomed from down stairs.
“No. Seriously, what am I doing here?”
"Soldier... Tell me how much you like this."
"John's?" Sherlock vocalized with a curious note.
“I’m ready. John, please, so wet.” Sherlock pled, desperately. He was done with the slow build up. His first release cleared his mind enough so that he could now think less, ‘Need. Mount. Need’, and more, ‘John, mount, breed, kin’.
“Sherlock.” John whined, because if he said anything else he worried his omega would take it, yet again, in the wrong way. Apparently, John was horrible at this and should have just shut up.
Then he met Gregory Lestrade.
"I want you. Dominated or not. I want you."
John moved deeper into his room and seated himself on the foot of his bed, shucking his clothing to the floor and burying his head in his hands.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I should have figured this wouldn’t be easy.”
“John!” Sherlock cried, his voice round with sentiment.
John reluctantly lowered his shaking hands and his eyes fluttered open. What he found astounded him. There, kneeling before him was Sherlock, gazing up at him with intent.
“Waiting for you.” John rasped and dolefully watched as Sherlock shrugged off his coat and scarf, retrieved his nightwear and began changing in front of him.
Staring down at his alpha, John was left breathless at his beauty. Sherlock's dark curls lay a mess on the pillow, his eyes ever carrying a depth unmatched by any he'd ever seen before. His lips were pale and parted in soft stressed breaths, attempting to stem the aching pain. John, realizing his weight over Sherlock must be more than a little painful, and he lifted his chest away from his alpha's.
“I’m sorry about the reporters. Mycroft’s been working hard at keeping them away from the flat, I didn’t realize they’d figure out we came here. I’ll get rid of them.” Sherlock explained, pulling away from John long enough to retrieve his cell phone, entered a quick text message, before taking hold of John’s hand once more and leading him back to the victim’s body.
"Sherlock." John begged, grief written in his eyes.
John panted, his harsh breaths growing more feral as he worked himself off. His knot was throbbing now, not at full size, but he was close to coming. John’s knot even at half size was quiet large, larger than the ones Sherlock had seen in his science books, John was… rather impressive in this category.
"I know. I regret hurting you. I never wanted you to find out like that."
Sherlock felt a smile tug at the ends of his lips. God, he’d been right, John Watson truly beguiled him. He was just so… So perfect for him and John had yet to see it. See that no matter how different they were from one another there was just an instinctual bond between them. Sherlock loved John.
"You're going to make mummy fat." Sherlock pouted, pinching at the steadily softening of his belly.
John raised a hand to palm his eyes, shielding them from Ella’s observant view.
“Oh, John, all this was for you.” Sherlock whispered and stared at all the cum, experiencing his first rut alone, all his cum wasted, meant to have been used to fill and breed his omega.
A scent woke John the next time, a pungent variation of herbal tea, sweet and freshly baked biscuits, the crispness of mint, and something else, something musky and bitter, bitterly engaging. These scents brought John back to awareness, woke him from the restlessness of a feverish rest. These scents made his omega tremble with want and reprieve.
John wasn’t sure what to do with himself. He felt unwelcomed in Sherlock’s presence, even though Sherlock was the one to come to him and all he wanted to do now was leave. Tucking his small notebook into his pocket, John turned to leave. Sherlock grimaced at the wordless rebuff to his presence and quickly moved to stand in front of John, blocking his path.
"Out! Get out!" Sherlock demanded, outraged when there was no longer anything for him to throw at the alpha. If the omega rose from where he was seated to grab some from the kitchen cabinets, then yes, but as it was, in Sherlock's current condition, that was highly unlikely.
“I can smell them... Strawberry?”
“I want separate rooms.” John abruptly demanded and he watched closely as what little color was on the pale man’s face drained away.
"Harry... She's fine now?"
"Sherlock." John answered distractedly, no doubt in the middle of work.
"So what if I am? It's just proof that it was too late to save my mind and you should have let me die."
” Sherlock hissed, the memory of entering the flat that smelled so much of John and finding a temperate cup of tea beside a chair within the living room taunted him. Sherlock had missed John by minutes and this thought sent his body pulsing and anger boiling through his veins. The flat had carried evidence that John had packed in a hurry… and Sherlock knew Mycroft was to blame for that.
Sherlock’s lips pursed, yet still, John noticed the heat steadily deepening upon the omega’s face.
“You caught me!” John’s jovial nature was contagious.
John felt a mixture of emotions at the knowledge of Sherlock’s impending return and spent most of that day in the alpha’s office. Thinking about what would happen when the alpha returned. Would he be angry still? Would he have forgiven him? Would he want to claim him forcefully or would he wait for John to be ready?
“Oh dear, don’t cry love. Sherlock will be back soon.” The elderly landlady cooed, kneeling before the couch and near his head. A mothering gentle hand brushed away the hot tears staining his face.
. Sherlock shivered again, his body taking notice. Suppressants stopped his heats and made it more difficult to attain an erection, but it didn’t make him impotent. Sherlock wasn’t hard, or fully aroused, but his cock did twitch with interest.
“No. Because I took your pulse.” Sherlock whispered, feeling Irene’s pulse once more. “Elevated. Your pupils dilated. I imagine John Watson thinks love is a mystery to me, but the chemistry is incredibly simple and very destructive.”
.” Sherlock supplicated, distraught, moving to seat himself beside the simmering omega.
“Shouldn’t you be worrying about John and not asking useless questions?”
"It looks different!"
Sherlock blinked, dumbfounded by the unexpected declaration.
“This… This is my fault.” John whimpered, palming his shut eyes, because though he tried not to, the tears were rushing out of his sealed lids.
“No, John, you know you’ve always been the only one for me. You know.
“Nnn—” John whined, trying to scream the word ‘No!’ over and over again, because he wasn’t!
He could recall falling asleep after coming to terms with the truth of Sherlock’s rejection. Sherlock hadn’t wanted to spend his heat with him… Then… Then… John woke soaked in slick and he’d…
"Sherlock!"
John refused to allow Sherlock to go on cases alone anymore. Not after Sherlock was hurt when he’d been working a case alone. That flesh wound could have been so much worse, and that very thought terrified him. No, from now on, John would always work beside Sherlock and keep him safe from harm. He’d give up his life willingly to save Sherlock. No harm would ever come to his mate.
"Sherlock." John rolled out his name through the roughness of sex and that was all it took. Sherlock's body gave a jerking shudder, his eyes strained to stay open as he gripped to sheets and John's ass and his orgasm took him.
When there came a quick rap at his bedroom door, Sherlock didn't hear it. But he did hear when John called out his name beyond the door. The omega jumped, feeling guilty and horrified when the door opened and John walked in.
." John rasped, breathlessly, the sight of red roses making his heart clench with feeling.
“Nothing.”
The two sat facing each other, but Sherlock refused to be the first to take steps with scenting. Sighing heavily, John pressed his back into the cushion of the couch and reached out for the omega.
“Please move.” John’s voice was calm, if not a little exhausted.
“You have.” John spoke brokenly and folded his hands together over his lap, nails pinching at the skin of his knuckles, calming the tremor that wracked through him.
“What do I say?”
"Thank you for joining me today." John said after they'd spent many long moments seated enjoying the warmth of the sun.
I just caught you a serial killer… more or less.”
“I won’t stop proving myself to you.” Sherlock’s resonating voice softly followed John in the darkness of sleep.
“Tell me you don’t like it and I’ll stop.” John whispered, momentarily glancing over to their oblivious cab driver before moving in closer and brushing his nose along Sherlock’s prominent jaw.
“Maybe we should just look for whoever’s got a big dog.”
Maybe after he slept this off, he'd feel better.
“If it’s too difficult, we can still leave.”
“Drink.” John encouraged, sliding into the seat beside Sherlock instead of across from him, which was what he normally did—but he was
Sherlock chanced a glance up and found the warmest smile on John's face, his eyes expressing how touched he was by his confession.
Mycroft closed his eyes. He didn’t sound bitter. He wasn’t bitter. Just of sound mind.
John lifted his right leg up enough so Sherlock could lie on his side, still sucking John; with every upward pull of his mouth he rubbed his tongue on the underside of John’s head.
John wasn’t sure how long he’d let the alpha scent him, but the sky steadily darkened and in that time, John’s hands uncertainly moved to grasp to the damp shoulders of the alpha.
Gregory groaned in distress, body tensing when Heather broke their now one sided kiss and moved lower to suck on his neck, working her way near his scent gland.
” The alpha howled possessively, spurting his seed within his mate, breeding him.
happen.”
The case was going well enough, Sherlock was scrounging the crime scene for clues and John was helping Sherlock organize his thoughts when something caught John’s eye. Across the street, where the yellow tape divided the civilians and police officers investigating, John saw the media flashing their cameras and videotaping him, not the officers or crime scene—their focus was solely on him.
Sherlock remained silent for long moments in time. John lowered his eyes to stare at his feet, defeated.
not Moriarty’s victim. We will catch him. We will not fear his presence.”
“How can you say that to me? How John? You know I would do anything for you and to hear you say that you hate me… Don’t be this cruel. Before this, we were happy, you said you were happy.”
“No.” John huffed hastily; there was no way in hell he was ready to face everything he’d done.
"What room!" John shouted, releasing Mycroft and rushing for the door. He needed to see for himself.
“Please.” Sherlock persisted, eyes softening with desolation.
. It felt good. Breathing heavily into their kiss, Sherlock experimentally met John's tongue with his own.
“No, they aren’t! I’m a bitch! Alphas only use omegas to breed; we’re nothing in society but baby makers!” John sobbed harshly against his father’s chest, grabbing to his coat in tight fists.
"Fuck." John cursed, angry with himself and still even more at how he kept hurting Sherlock.
Caressing the inner part of Sherlock's thigh, John felt his way to the root of his most desired upon location.
“Mycroft…
Sherlock shut his eyes and leaned his head down onto his pillow. Twisting his upper half to lay back on the bed, he kept his waist and legs turned to the side and hummed with enjoyment. Losing himself to John's hand stroking at his hardness through thin lace.
Sherlock heard the helpless whine the alpha released at his stinging words, but he would not take them back. John had left him to suffer and as his body had given out and his health deteriorated, the first of his failings came in the form of his fertility. When the doctors announced he was no longer fertile, his omega was wounded greatly and lost the will to live. What kind of omega was he if he couldn't even bear children for his true alpha?
There it was again. That pain in his chest. Only this time Sherlock couldn't ignore it, because the discomfort, the pressure that felt unbearable, was slowly destroying him. Inhaling a sharp breath, Sherlock turned away from the sight before him, shut his eyes and tried to erase the sight of the two of them smiling at each other.
“Oh, stop your nonsensical twaddle, John doesn’t care.” Sherlock venomously spat.
way, but then again, Sherlock had never been the typical alpha. Sherlock had gifted John with tasting several times in fact. Was it so wrong for John to want to do the same?
"Right." Mycroft grumbled, retrieving a handkerchief from his pocket and plugging the blood flow.
John said nothing, suddenly realizing Sherlock was able to deduce his reluctance and bowed his head, staring at their feet less than a foot apart from one another, reminded of their wedding and looking at their feet in a similar position and couldn’t understand why his stomach gave a lurch at the remembrance.
“Your family will push for it.”
“But… You’ll do it?”
Harry didn’t speak for a long while, staring with deliberation, but in the end she gave in.
John sat himself heavily on the edge of the middle of the bed. Mrs. Hudson stood awkwardly in front of him.
“I didn’t say anything!”
“I think he wants me to take a look.” Sherlock sniped snobbishly.
“We are in Buckingham Palace. The very heart of the British nation. Sherlock Holmes, put your trousers on.”
"I've been so wrong. To you and about you." Sherlock sighed heavily against the alpha's neck and unabashedly nuzzled the alpha's scent gland.
our martial relations.” Sherlock whispered softly, as if confessing a secret.
"John." Sherlock whispered the alpha's name. There was no spite in the projection of the alpha's name. No, there was far more kindness in it than his tattered heart was sure it could give, but it didn't sound wrong.
“You are,” Lestrade grumbled, pursing his lips in a frustrated scowl. “You’re angry, and for the life of me I can’t figure out why.”
Time passed and the alpha remained deadly still and the breathless cries John made were all the more deafening. One of Sherlock’s hands rubbed his lower back and his other carded long slender fingers through feather-light blond hair. It was consoling and over time John was able to comprehend he’d had another nightmare. It was embarrassing to know that he’d lost control and the alpha had now seen him at his weakest. It was just another stab to his pride. Another reminder why everyone always said an omega was weak.
John smiled and inhaled deeply, shifting slightly and raising a hand to wipe the weariness from his eyes, forcing Sherlock's hand to slip low and cup lightly to his neck.
“You sent this, did you not?” The man said, sparing greetings.
John closed his eyes and pressed his head deeply against his pillow, recalling that drunken night he’d boldly gone into Sherlock’s room, brazenly humping Sherlock like some depraved dog, and how Sherlock hadn’t laughed at him though he had every right to. No, Sherlock listened and gave some relief to John before he’d stupidly fallen asleep.
For the time being Sherlock would remain at 221B Baker Street. He would wait out John’s heat, unable to endure the rejection he would undoubtedly face then. It would destroy his alpha to know he was unwanted, undesired even on a primal base, his alpha couldn’t even be able to satisfy his omega’s needs, because he was detestable to John.
John looked up at Sherlock in wonder. Sherlock really thought about everything. John’s omega whined within,
"Yeah?" John felt momentarily embarrassed by the way the insecurity of his inquiry trembled, but then the omega leaned down and slid his hands up from his chest to cup his face tenderly.
Sherlock was all John wanted. Sherlock was his husband, alpha, and the father of his pups. John was an omega and forever loyal to Sherlock. John still got frustrated with Sherlock and, unable to deal with Sherlock’s mood swings, he’d headed for Sarah’s and she’d kindly offered to let him sleep on her sofa. John couldn’t quite fall asleep, he felt guilty for having come to Sarah’s flat instead of just dealing with Sherlock’s prissy-ness.
Sherlock’s sleepily glanced over to John when he continued to stand beside him. John smiled at the curious furrowing of dark brows and regardless of the question in Sherlock’s pale green eyes; he bent low and placed a soft kiss to the corner of Sherlock’s mouth.
John understood then and hated how he couldn’t stop his eyes from watering over in that moment. Sherlock really felt the same. Sherlock really did care deeply for him. He could be falling in love with him at this very moment.
“I’m surprised it took them that long to be honest. There’s a queue for the ‘loo.”
John thought to himself, rising from the bed and wordlessly left their room.
The silence that followed sent John’s heart pounding, hammering against his ribcage and he worried Sherlock might notice. He didn’t, thankfully.
Embracing his stomach while he swayed, Sherlock stared up expectantly.
At 10:24AM it woke him… Searing, blazing, all consuming… Heat.
Sherlock tensed in John's arms at the mention of that name. He hated that omega. The omega that was still attempting to take away his alpha, though from John's words of the last week, Sherlock was starting to realize he'd been wrong. John might not want Victor after all, but the lies. The lies were what stuck and stung deep.
Harry rushed to the driver’s seat, buckled up, and the car revved with life. John knew she was speeding down the winding roads of the country, but John’s focus was on steadying his breathing and the racing of his heart.
." John moaned. His hand rubbing about the pink lace, feeling his hand dampen with heated slick.
Moriarty only smiled and backed away, “You'll be hearing from me, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, but come on…”
John hadn’t wanted his family to know the severity of his bullying, but some days it became too much and he’d returned home with noticeable cuts and bruises, or the school called to inform his parents he’d been severely hurt. His parents hadn’t known what to do, they’d talked about homeschooling, but John refuted their desire. He hated the pricks at school, but he hated it even more that he lived a sheltered life because of his omega status. If he was homeschooled than he’d never really have a reason to go out. It was his one time for socializing, and there were still
“So you want him? Is that it?”
John gave up trying to understand Sherlock and kept being just a little bit more than civil. Even when Sherlock just barely met the line for the civility he’d been promised.
“I haven’t had a moment of peace since I signed the consent. I’ve lost everything along with you. I wanted more than anything to see you birth our children and to raise a family together.”
Sherlock stepped to John’s side, staring down at the kind smile of his omega. His heart filled with warmth at the sight. John was acting strangely since the New Year’s party and he had his suspicions that John was trying to be civil and open with him—a New Year’s resolution perhaps.
John tipped his head in their direction, still drunk and worried his words would slur when speaking to them. Mr. and Mrs. Holmes smiled softly at him, scanning him as if appraising how many pups he’d give them after his first heat. John’s lips pursed and he turned his attention to the best man. The older man scanned his form, calculatingly, much like his alpha had done the moment he’d seen him.
“He… He said he wouldn’t, but he has this towel he keeps. It’s from a past love and I think, because he won’t throw it away... I think he misses them and maybe… Maybe he’ll go back to them.”
“Dear...” Mrs. Hudson blubbered, rising from her chair and bringing John in close, embracing him warmly. “You look awful.”
Sherlock answered Mycroft's observation with an exasperated sigh. Buttoning up his fitted jacket, he stepped towards the door, and took hold of the handle.
"I will eventually disappoint you. I... can't promise I won't make mistakes."
“I—Brilliant. You… So…” John choked, cock jolting, lower belly roiling with the warning of near completion and John immediately became rigid, “
Mycroft glanced over to the concerned alpha. "No. The best place for him to be now is with you. You must nurture him back to himself. He needs you in order to heal."
"To hell with you. Do you hear me?"
Sherlock was losing his mind with annoyance because everything was changing. His transport was broken. He was hungry and he'd just eaten three whole meals the day before. He should be fueled up and ready to work, but no. Instead Sherlock found himself drifting away to thoughts of food and that wasn't acceptable. Not when he stood at a crime scene trying to absorb all the information around him. Sherlock refused to be distracted by his nagging hunger and took in the scene around him, focused on remembering every detail of the crime scene.
It seemed like there was this whole different side to Sherlock that had been hidden from John till now. After the past few days, John wasn’t even sure what to think.
"Switching both of your suppressants with vitamins was something that needed to be done to ensure the betterment of your relationship."
of Sherlock’s girth.
"Oh, John. Oh!" Sherlock ass bounced, his entrance squeezing around the pulsating cock within him, his stout cock leaking obscene amount of pre-ejaculate.
John glanced back down to Sherlock who was currently busy sniffing their victim’s fingers. Knowing how very unprofessional he was being didn’t stop John from reaching out for Sherlock and running his fingers in dark curls. Sherlock raised his head to meet John’s gaze with one of alarmed curiosity.
"At least you can hear me and.... I would like to explain myself, though I know what I might say will not make my actions any less painful." John began, unsure how he could begin explaining himself.
John didn’t want anyone after he’d laid eyes on Sherlock. John turned down every offer that came his way. No one could ever compare to the beauty and intelligence of Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock’s alien-like features, unique, and alluring in their foreign beauty had ensnared John. Sherlock’s wit and cunning, brilliant mind sent John’s head reeling. Fascinated him like no other. John would have done everything and anything for Sherlock. That all didn’t matter—John was a simple, plain in comparison, beta. He could never give Sherlock, a powerful and well deserving alpha, pups.
So much time wasted. So many opportunities lost. Now he lay in an ambulance, bleeding out, and knowing the chances of survival were low, he felt such regret because he'd done so much wrong.
, implied claiming, he was certain the alpha stressed that particular word, but why then did he leave? John was bought with the single purpose of mating with his alpha, albeit he wasn’t in heat, that didn’t mean his alpha didn’t have the right to claim him now if he so desired. True, tradition stated that an alpha and omega should first bond on an omega’s heat cycle, but that was a tradition only some practiced.
Mycroft couldn’t stop himself from scoffing, as if Lestrade really cared for him.
Sherlock hummed in acknowledgement of that compliment.
"You don't know, do you? It's probably because you have never interacted with other alpha submissives, but submissives smell different than a regular alpha. You carry the musk of a alpha, but the bitterness of your scent is sweetened, almost like an omega. An alpha submissive's scent is so much sweeter in order to attract their omega counterpart, or so that's what they say. I heartedly agree, by the way."
“Answer me.”
"Fuck!" John gripped his bollocks tightly, the vulgarity of Sherlock's words were going to drive him mad. "Don't say things like that."
"Take me." Sherlock replied, willing, and ran his hands up John's arms to his shoulders and squeezed with desperation. "Take me, John."
"Oh God." Mycroft palmed his mouth, eyes wide with horror. He'd been blind, he hadn't researched deep enough, he hadn't watched John close enough, so preoccupied with Sherlock's well-being he couldn't see
Intimacy… John wanted it. What healthy man wouldn’t, but it really wasn’t worth it. The advances he’d gotten weren’t of genuine interest, and John didn’t want something meaningless. There was also the matter of him being a secreted alpha submissive.
"More than a hundred?" Sherlock trembled harder, his eyes giving to pain.
“You’re horrible.” Sherlock mused, smiling wildly.
Sherlock sobbed, his legs helplessly winding around John's head as the alpha shoved two fingers into his omega hole and fucked him ruthlessly, milking him and strengthening his orgasm. Forcing Sherlock to ride his fingers in clumsy undulations and lay helplessly as John devoured his cock.
John wanted Sherlock.
“I’ll just leave you to your experimenting.” John whispered, turning to leave, but before he could take the first step Sherlock’s hand shot out and snatched up his wrist, effectively halting his stride.
pillow, and bleated a pitiful whimper, nuzzling it with sorrow and dampening it with tears. He breathed shakily into the pillow, muffling the pleading whimpers for comfort, for those lanky arms to wrap around him and squeeze him tight. John wasn’t sure when, but sometime after, he’d fallen asleep.
Sherlock shut up. Not because he wanted to, but because John had surged forward. Clamping a hold of his face, John dived down and claimed his lips with his own, and -
Sherlock entrance only housed the tip of John's cock, yet he already felt full, stretched to the brink as that globbing cock head soaked in pre-come stained his insides.
“Because he’s a psychopath. And psychopaths get bored.”
“I wouldn’t like for someone to have such an influence on me.” John remarked intolerantly.
the dirty talk!" John laughed harder.
“What happened?”
Irene stared as Sherlock pulled away and walked across the room to face her, his eyes void of emotion as she came to realize how, for the first time, she wasn’t getting what she wanted. That Sherlock had played her.
The omega looked completely different from the previous video. The peaches and cream complexion of the omega changed drastically, heat rising to the young man’s face, deepening in color as his body temperature rose. The omega let out a soft whimper, edging back onto the bed and lay his head on a plush pillow. Rolling over onto his side, the omega grabbed another pillow and hugged it close, attempting to calm his fever.
“Mycroft, wait.” Lestrade rushed, but it was too late. The D.I. stared despairingly at his phone, sucking in his bottom lip to nibble at it worryingly; Lestrade felt something was terribly wrong. Mycroft never spoke to him like that—so devoid of feelings, feelings other than pure detestation.
“Love me Sherlock. I’ll take care of you. I will worship you. I will love you all my life. Just…
John didn't know what to do to help Sherlock. Well, he did know what to do, but Sherlock wouldn't let him do those things, so all he could do was watch after him and be ready for any request the omega would make.
“Yes.” Sherlock acknowledged his mistake.
“Coming,” Sally called out to Lestrade and began making her way over to him.
"Feel good?" John asked, settling himself beside his mate, chest pressing against Sherlock's back all as he wrapped an arm around part of the omega's extended waist.
" Sherlock sounded unsure and frail, even in his own ears.
"I'm on my way home. I'm sorry for being late. It sort of just happened that way."
“We’ll need—”
“Stay and what? Hurt you again? I will, we both know I will. I’m... not prepared to love. How can I love you Sherlock when I can’t love myself? How can I love you when I’ve hurt you so much?”
"But..."
"It's because of me? Isn't it? I'm too cruel?"
"I love you more." John answered with passion.
“Aren’t you going to put one on?” John asked Sherlock, slipping on a jumpsuit.
“John. John!” Sherlock chased after John.
John hummed in agreement; he was, but still… There was this gap, a gap he’d created and he wanted to mend it.
“Come here.” John called softly, open arms outstretched for Sherlock who willingly lowerd himself over John and slowly pressed his full weight into him, until Sherlock lay over John like another layer of flesh of warmth.
Again Sherlock tensed in his hold, but John knew — he finally knew Sherlock cared. It wasn’t love, but care meant something. Care meant Sherlock was changing — changing back to the person he had once been. Care was enough for now. Care would turn to affection, affection to consideration, consideration to need, need to love, or so that was how John had slowly fallen for Sherlock. If John could love Sherlock after everything that had happened to him, Sherlock could most certainly fall back in love with him.
John ate the beef stew his mother prepared for him and leaned into his father, scenting his comforting alpha pheromones, and though it brought some ease, it could not mend the severed bond that was slowly killing him.
John glanced down at the coffee table, weary of opening it, but feeling completely out of place. Knowing nothing, he moved closer and retrieved it.
" Sherlock whimpered pitifully.
The alpha shoved him down to the ground, hard enough to cause his head to crack heavily against the road. Sherlock involuntarily bit his tongue and tasted blood. It coated the teeth he flashed at the alpha, unafraid. He didn't care. Nothing mattered anymore.
“Uh—yes. Two bank robberies committed one right after the other. Six were injured and four are dead.”
“I have to wake early.” John elucidated, wanting to talk, but knowing he would be losing time on some much needed sleep.
God, what about his heat? He’d be going into heat in two months from now and the idea of mating, of his omega wanting to breed, even knowing logically that the likelihood of impregnation was low — John didn’t think he could take that. To wake after his heat and know that he hadn’t actually been bred and could not carry his alpha’s pups, it would be too painful to handle. The idea of his upcoming heat… John had never felt such fear or pain. He didn’t want to suffer that kind of reminder. John really didn’t want his heat. The only way to stop it was by starting up on suppressants once more, but that meant he’d lack a sex drive and his scent would act as a sexual repellant to alphas—Sherlock to be specific.
“You know why he’s here? He’s not paid or anything. He likes it. He gets off on it. The weirder the crime, the more he gets off. And you know what? One day just showing up won’t be enough. One day we’ll be standing round a body and Sherlock Holmes will be the one that put it there.”
“Hello, I’m Martha. I’ll be your waitress for today. What can I get for you?” a young brunette asked of them as she approached their table.
“Yes.” John sighed lovingly, staring into the bright eyes of his mate.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Something flickered in John's eyes, fear and need. This need wasn't that of friendship and the love brought on through friendship, but it couldn't be. John couldn't possibly... All those alphas... Mary... but John looked like he...
. Did you leave that sweet alpha, already?”
"Sherlock." John greeted softly. Laying back in his bed, staring sadly up at the ceiling. He wished more than anything that he could look into those beautiful blue eyes of his mate.
He would beg if it meant Sherlock would keep their pups. He loved them already, because they were his and Sherlock's. They were family and he'd been lacking a family for a long time. He had Harry, but that was different. He loved her and he would always take care of her, but he'd always wanted children. He'd always wanted a mate that loved him. Someone who he could spend his life with, grow old with. Someone kind and loving, who would bless him with a family. Children they could raise together, watch them grow and learn. If he could just have children, then that was more than enough, because it just tied himself closer to his mate.
The wedding planning had only just begun when the Watsons called and informed them that John had enlisted himself in the army. Sherlock’s parents, although disappointed, thought it would most likely be better if they held off the wedding, since Sherlock was still rather young. Age really didn’t matter, so long as an alpha and omega reached sexual maturity, and Sherlock felt bitterness consume him. He couldn’t help wonder if the reason John was enlisting was to get out of marrying him.
Sherlock shook in his arms. He could feel the trembling vibrations even through the muscles that encircled his cock. And he knew, could feel it, as his excitement prompted the spout of his head to drizzle more of his essence. Tainting the inner core of Sherlock's womb with his love.
“Okay, tell me this, have I gotten close to the end?”
“Your haircut, the way you hold yourself says military. You’re face is tanned, but not tan above your wrists—You’ve been abroad but not sunbathing. The limp’s really bad when you walk, but you don’t ask for a chair when you stand, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic, and your therapist’s diagnosis is quite right. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic—wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan: Afghanistan or Iraq.”
John stuffed his phone in his pocket and made his way over to Sherlock.
Harry would have died if not for John’s sacrifice, and with John’s sacrifice he saved another life, Sherlock's. Without John, Sherlock’s omega wouldn’t have been able to survive much longer. Sherlock and John’s relationship was more than complicated, but it didn’t affect their inner wolves. The moment John marked Sherlock with his bite and the transfer of hormones was made, the bond solidified. Sherlock’s omega accepted John’s alpha and Sherlock’s life was ensured. An omega without an alpha… It couldn’t be done; eventually that omega would waste away and die. An omega needed an alpha and an alpha needed an omega. They were each other’s center of gravity.
“Your bond mate was just born, but no worries. We’ll receive updates from his family as he grows, dear.” His mother began, petting his hair lovingly, bright smile upon her face.
An omega's broken heart tended to leave a mess. He was becoming like Alex Forrest in
John, unhappy he was still engaged to marry and bond with his intended, decided this was better than being bred by a child and accepted it. He went to war and stayed for four years on tour, and during that time he went to school on base. He reenlisted once his four years were finished and told his parents by phone, smiling happily when his father cursed him to hell and back, saying he didn’t think his intended family would accept such behavior. He hoped that was the case.
John didn’t know what to do. It was too late to go after Sherlock. His body had frozen as his tongue went dead of words and because of this… John was losing so much. He’d sat at the kitchen table for hours staring mutely at the shut door, waiting and hoping. Wishing with every fiber of his being that Sherlock would come home, storm back in and take back all those hurtful admissions he’d made. Sherlock didn’t come back to do that, though.
Lestrade’s smile faltered and he gave a soft nod.
“You’re absolutely
John felt Sherlock’s knot, it grew steadily, and pressed his inner walls, closing around him, sealed them together and John knew Sherlock was close, so close. John unwound one arm from around Sherlock to take hold of himself and was immediately joined by Sherlock’s own hand. Their fingers threaded together while their thumbs worked as one, after every upward tug they rubbed the glistening head of John’s cock before stroking back down.
“That was the most ridiculous thing I’ve ever done.” John rasped, unable to break eye contact with Sherlock, not when Sherlock looked at him in
Sherlock let out a surprised yelp as John rolled over him and stole his mouth in a hungry kiss that the omega ardently returned.
John didn't move immediately. He stared at Sherlock for a long moment searching his eyes for an answer that Sherlock did not give. Sherlock's lips tensed, the edges pursed in a deep frown as he waited.
Mrs. Hudson brought cool wet towels to him, lowering the thermostat as far as it could go, and expected it would help John’s fever. An omega’s fever was different from a normal fever. Omegas, when in heat, needed to copulate, but if for whatever reason they did not, they were left with the only reasonable decision, and that was to pleasure themselves until they rode their heat off. Only, John found his experience was far different.
"But if you lie to me again...
John burst into a fit of laughter, not expecting Sherlock to ask him that, “God,
John hadn't been able to contain his joy and had taken hold of one of Sherlock's hands that laid still at his side. He cradled his omega's hand in both of his and kissed the pale delicate fingers of his mate.
“Can you, really? Do you know what that means?” John was unconvinced.
Mycroft could kill his brother right now, but then Gregory was leaning in close to his cheek. When the other alpha brushed his nose against his temple, scent marking him, Mycroft inhaled sharply and stumbled back and out of the man's grasp.
“No.” John interrupted, pausing briefly to clear his throat, “No, I’m not asking. No.”
Sherlock tensed, mind working to read Moriarty’s body language, think as Moriarty thought, and when he came to his answer it was too late. Moriarty turned his sights on John, snapped his fingers, a laser dart lowered from John’s chest to his abdomen and shot once.
“John…” Sherlock said with concern when John began trembling against the door.
When John arrived home he’d find Sherlock performing an experiment of some kind, playing his violin, or working on a small case to pass the time, and he’d order take out or make them something to eat—but mostly take out, as John didn’t feel like he had the courage to look through the refrigerator, always nervous what he might find beyond it. There was that one time he’d opened the refrigerator and was met by the sight of a human head…
John nodded his head with acceptance and promised himself he would. He’d start practicing and then… he’d tell Sherlock. He’d just blurt it out and get it out in the open and hope Sherlock didn’t realize he could do better, have better than a broken, nearly infertile omega.
Mycroft could not raise his gaze when the other alpha rose from the chair. Only when he was sure Gregory had turned his back to face him as he made his way to the door did Mycroft look up and watch as the D.I. left his office.
“Are you drunk?”
“Closer.” Sherlock urged again.
The moment they'd left Harry's place and entered the cab, heading home, Sherlock's act disappeared and the omega exhaled a heavy breath. Pressing himself deeply into his seat, his eyes shut, and his head tipped back.
"I... I'm not..."
Mycroft felt resentment coil in the pit of his stomach. It was a sickening feeling to know Lestrade understood his pain and insecurities. He refused to allow Gregory to feel pity for him. The humiliation and anger it made him feel, Mycroft refused to let Gregory know how affected he was.
“Sherlock resides in the east wing of the estate, whereas I inhabited the west. Our parents dwell in the north. The south is for live-in staff. I can give you a tour after our meeting if you would like?”
His confession did not remain unheard, even from how choked up and throaty the projection had been. John tensed for a moment, then a pained whimper came from the alpha as John's lips pressed firmly to his temple and the alpha keened in understanding and love.
John’s omega enjoyed her alpha pheromones. It wasn’t the same as Sherlock’s, but it was a comfort and it cleared his mind enough so the he was able to comprehend Harry was saying something.
John only smiled happily. His parents had found him a friend to play with.
Sherlock purred, a sound similar to a growl, but less feral, more soft and gentle.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
Sherlock broke into 221B Baker Street that night. Mycroft hadn't felt the need to leave him his keys to a home he would no longer be living in. That was what Mycroft thought. Sherlock wouldn't leave his home for the alpha's that easily.
Even now, knowing the surmountable differences between them, John wanted to keep Victor close, develop a strong friendship with him. Sherlock wouldn't be pleased, John knew this, but for once John felt happy. He had someone who understood his pains, who wanted to know him, who wouldn't hide away in their mind palace when things got tense. John wanted Victor, someone who could be just his, his escape from the stressors of his life and he didn't want Sherlock to find out.
. An animal in your eyes.” Sherlock snarled.
, and we will get justice. We will make him pay for taking… for taking…” John’s voice was hoarse, trying to work out his words, eyes lowering to glare at the ground, unable to bring himself to say what it was they’d lost, because though he was working through his grief, it still hurt tremendously to say it.
Sherlock felt heat begin to blossom on his own cheeks. John was ogling. Sherlock hadn’t expected that. Clearing his throat of the awkwardness of the situation, Sherlock moved passed John and seated himself in John’s red chair.
“What’s going on?” Sherlock asked as he set the icebox on the kitchen table and spun to stare accusingly at John.
Sherlock hissed excitedly and yet John was unable to register it as he withered upon the mattress, Sherlock fucking him through it, through coming, pounding in,
It wasn't love. Or maybe it was and Sherlock just didn't realize it. What it proved for certain was that Sherlock does have the capacity to feel something. That... John smiled weakly, knowing it wasn't a easy road ahead of them, but he could handle this.
John shut his eyes and buried his nose in his sister’s blond hair, scenting her with love; pine, lilies, and moss. She smelled of home and though John would never have the love she wished for him, he had his sister’s love and it would have to be enough, because John couldn’t dream of having more than that.
Soft undulations of his hips rocked Sherlock forward. Inside the sweltering heat, plush and wet, dampening his cock. His bollocks slicking up with lubrication each time John pushed forwards and against wet thighs.
“That is why I… so much for you. John, you are a strong man. You’ve seen the evils of this world and have remained untainted by it. You are courageous. You are stubborn. You are the moral compass of my heart and I need you for all that you are. I don’t need an omega.
“I’m glad to see you’ve agreed. Mummy will be in touch.” Mycroft called as he shut the door behind him on his way out.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"So, have you anyone special in your life right now, John?"
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock whispered in the stillness of the room.
“You’re not a prisoner, John.” Sherlock’s eyes seemed to have changed colors in this particular lighting and were of a deep ocean blue.
want to dominate you. Why can’t you see that?”
“You… You can come closer, you know?” John whispered, partly hoping Sherlock hadn’t heard him.
Sherlock had a rather large family, but none of them seemed too familiar with one another, Sherlock certainly didn’t make it a point to talk to any of them other than nodding his head in greeting. That, and when Mrs. Holmes pinched his arm and fed Sherlock words of which she wished him to say to several cousins, two aunts, and one great uncle. John, regardless of immediately disliking them, remained polite and spoke when spoken to, but didn’t go out of his way to carry on a conversation.
John lay in bed and absentmindedly palmed his belly, running his hand over the soft bump and exhaled a long breath. He’d kissed Sherlock… He’d started the kiss… It felt right, but still, was it? John felt his cheeks heat by the memory of how he’d clung to Sherlock and God, the sounds he’d made… John groaned, mortified. Why had he behaved like a depraved needy omega? Maybe because he was?
“John… Even… Even if I left… Even if we didn’t see each other… Even if you leave my life forever… I’d never,
Mycroft held back a growl, wishing to end this conversation; it was already going on longer than their previous conversations. Hearing Lestrade’s voice was making his stomach knot sickeningly and all he felt like doing now was vomiting.
"Okay..." John murmured softly, offering the omega a soft smile.
“Would you then fuck yourself between my thighs?”
The other cause of death for an alpha submissive was if their omega chose to completely reject them as their bond mate. This caused John significant pause and worry, because Sherlock was always rejecting his advances. There was a deep fear that Sherlock would one day grow to hate him and effectively reject him completely, renouncing him as his mate, in which case it would destroy John.
The doctor didn't think it would be a long wait, as he was dilating quickly. She'd mentioned that he was a little early for delivering, but that the babies should be fine, as it wasn't premature.
“Forty-five minutes.” Harry answered, glancing away from the GPS to check up on John, her face a mixture of worry and anger.
“Um, look, Sherlock, we have to be rational about this, okay? Now you, of
"Shhh." John hushed and peppered kisses to his mess of curls.
“You fool.” John whispered to himself, and quickly wiped at his shut eyes, removing the dampness beneath.
you.”
I've shown you what I can do. I've cut loose all those people, all those little problems. Even thirty million quid just to get you to come out and play. So take this as a friendly warning, my dear. Back off. Although. I have loved this. This little game of ours, playing Jim from IT, playing gay—did you like the little touch with the underwear?”
“You’re reading into nothing. Why would I be angry?”
"No, John. That's your job."
As the time lengthened John began to worry if this was really what Sherlock wanted and began to repeat his question from earlier.
Sherlock was determined not to give into fear and raised his hand up to palm John's warm jaw. Stroking the tanned flesh with the pad of his thumb, he watched the alpha stir awake.
“It’s my fault. I… can’t accept the terms of our marriage.”
“Everything looks good.” Dr. Levy said, staring up at the screen and shifting the wand.
, even his alpha within would roll over and expose it’s underside in want of it.
John was surrounded by four walls, padded, colored soft lavender. The light above held a warm orange glow, not excessively bright. It couldn’t be, less they wished to cause his omega distress. Too much visual stimulation would put John at risk of another omega drop. There was no sound. The silence was almost deadening. Too much sound would send John on another omega drop. No alpha was to tend to him, any scent but a beta… Yet again, a way to ensure he didn’t have another omega drop.
"Fuck!" John whimpered, dipping his head against the crook of Sherlock's neck, the one place he felt at home in, burying his nose in the sweetness of his mate. His thrusts sped, becoming quick snaps of the hips. Faster, faster, and faster they went, pounding, zapping lightening-like pulses to Sherlock's most sensitive nerves.
John didn’t interrupt; though a part of him wanted to chastise Sherlock for being so… ill-mannered to someone that was being genuinely nice. However, Victor said he was Sherlock’s friend, but from what Sherlock was projecting — they weren’t exactly friends, or maybe that was how his mate felt. Sherlock did have the tendency to bite off the heads of kind, well-meaning people… for example: people like… John.
“I was bought to be bred, was I not?” John started, raising a brow with question when Mycroft’s jaw line tensed.
John would sleep alone in his room, knowing Sherlock would be holding and scenting another in another room.
Great. Everything was just
Clearing his throat once more, John felt as if he could attack Sherlock right then.
John bowed his head guiltily and exhaled a deep breath.
“We stopped. I didn’t… I told her to leave,” Gregory murmured softly, head bowed, feeling guilty, though really they weren’t a couple and if he had slept with her it wouldn’t have been cheating. Mycroft was right, when you expressed feeling for someone, you should follow your words with actions as proof of your fidelity.
When John was divested of the alpha’s clothing, Harry and the landlady wandered off to talk privately. John turned over on his side, facing the back of the couch, arms tucked between his chest and the couch; he pulled in his legs and lay in the fetal position. He shut his eyes, and once more focused on his breathing. The alpha’s scent was driving him mad, his fever was rising, his convulsions were severe, his anus contracted painfully, and he could slowly feel the slick dampen the cushions of the couch. He should feel utterly mortified, knowing for weeks after, the scent of his slick would linger on the alpha’s couch, but right at this moment none of that matter. It didn’t matter that he’d come to the alpha’s flat uninvited, that the alpha didn’t want to see him, no; John didn’t care about how the alpha wanted to avoid him. He didn’t care because right now his omega wanted Sherlock. This was about purpose and his purpose was to be filled with his alpha’s seed for the next three days, impregnated, and tend to their pups.
The first DVD ended after thirty minutes and John replaced it with the second. John found himself blushing hotly, as he watched this particular lesson. He learned many things, but the one that stuck out to him most was that an alpha’s rut could be induced by an omega’s heat. Some sensitive alphas could scent a heat just before the signs began to show and their rut would begin soon after scenting their omega. Rutting usually lasted for as long as an omega’s heat did, it helped the alpha recuperate faster so that they could assist their omega to endure the three day heat cycle.
"Hm?" Gregory glanced back at the other alpha seated beside him on the love seat of his home.
After a long moment in which the two stared at one another, Sherlock finally spoke.
“John.” Sherlock greeted with affection.
The nurses holding him seemed to realize this, his scent intensifying enough so they realized he was an omega in distress. Everything began darkening around him, and yet, even as the world faded from his view, the deathly pale face of Sherlock, streaked with blood haunted him in darkness.
Cases that once brought him immense pleasure left him feeling hollow and now there was John and Moriarity to contend with. So what could this alpha do to him? There was nothing left to be damaged, he was completely and wholly broken already.
“I care not for Mycroft’s thoughts, only yours, dear husband.” John easily flirted and grinned toothily when Sherlock blushed ever so slightly.
"Um right." John mumbled, retrieving his flashlight from off the ground and refocused on examining the omega.
"Come here, love." John urged, insistently tugging Sherlock's face near and claimed his lips in a firm kiss.
“Oh John.” Sherlock said and John noticed Sherlock’s eyes were still closed.
"Give it to me." Sherlock was all at once seizing blond strands and forcing John to look at him.
“How about them? The sentimental widow and her son, the unemployed fisherman. The answer’s yes.”
When Mycroft rose and Sherlock flicked his bow warningly, John grinned softly. Sherlock was just so marvelously eccentric.
“Yes.”
Glancing down at his stomach, Sherlock palmed it. It wasn't so large, but the taunt muscles that had once been there were less prominent. His stomach was softer and stuck out just slightly. He could still fit into his clothes, so he wasn't over indulging, it was perfectly fine if he wanted to feed his cravings.
Reluctantly, Sherlock pulled away from John, but he raised his head to stare up at him with a wide toothy grin. A large cold hand went to palm his face and John’s omega fought through his mild hesitation and leaned into the touch.
"I love you." John strangled out, shaking his head, hating himself for breaking his husband's heart, again. He was always hurting Sherlock, and he wasn't trying to.
Sherlock nodded emphatically and spun his back to John. He walked down the path John began before they’d stopped.
“It's for his own safety.”
Omegas were bitches to alphas. The alpha’s scent made John’s body react so because his omega desired to be filled and dominated; it was a shame that he’d endured countless betas ridiculing him for. Betas never felt the need to bend over and take an alpha’s knot, that was an omegas job. Or so that was what he’d been told. The fact an alpha could only knot an omega was a sign to the betas that harassed him, omegas were bitches. Sure it was when he was younger, but it had stuck with him, even now it made John feel weak and filthy.
When Sherlock reentered the room, John quickly stuffed the towel in his suitcase to later discard and retrieve a new set for his alpha.
“I knew that already.” Sherlock answered smugly and John strangled out a laugh, but then Sherlock’s lips pressed against his own and he hummed happily in his love’s arms.
“I am.” Sherlock husked, blinking slowly, his hand in John’s squeezed firmly with confirmation.
“You don’t have to.”
Lestrade sighed heavily, loud enough that John didn’t have to use his heightened sense of hearing to pick it up, and then the D.I. stepped away from the door, leaving John to spend another day in the solitude of his room.
“That’s good then.” John said, deciding to let his resentment go. What had he expected of Sherlock? Everyone had a past, Sherlock might have had lovers, but John was his husband now. That had to mean something? As Sherlock said it was,
The alpha inhaled shakily, removed his finger, and the omega trembled with need. Grasping at the omega’s sides, the alpha shoved the omega’s ass back and down.
John Watson was a despicable excuse for an alpha that Sherlock would never accept as his true mate.
“Yes, but who are you?” John insistently asked.
After several more moments passed, Sherlock carefully rolled them over onto their sides, and John pulled away enough to stare up at the alpha. Sherlock mutely gazed up at him, slender fingers stroking John’s cheek, his touch tender and loving; John’s omega felt comforted by his alpha’s affections.
John hated his organ experiments, especially now that he was starting to suffer from morning sickness.
"Oh of course it doesn't! Clare and I wondered if John would ever find someone and I'm so happy he has." Harry's smile widened if possible, she then turned to face her lover's gaze, joy and relief clearly etched in her face.
, John morbidly thought to himself. He’d just given his husband permission to do what every other alpha did. What the hell was John going to do if Sherlock took him up on his offer and took lovers…
Sherlock couldn’t explain it, but there was a sudden tremor that took hold within the pit of his stomach. It was an unpleasant feeling that grew as the silence once more filled the room. Suddenly, Sherlock’s mind was churning with the possibilities. Did this have anything to do with…
John inhaled an unstable breath. He hadn’t come for that. The desire was always there, but right now John wanted to hold Sherlock while they slept, more than the deepening of their physical relationship. They had all the time in the world for that.
“Beautiful?” John offered, just as Sherlock finished his sentence.
There, John pressed his knee against Sherlock’s bed and gently lowered Sherlock as if he were weightless. Sherlock stared silently at John, noticing for the first time the deepness of John’s blue eyes, his lips carried a warm shade of pink, and the strength of his bitterly sweet scent as he leaned over him, setting Sherlock’s head kindly against a pillow.
“I… I can open myself to this marriage if you promise that I’ll be the only one for you.” That was as close as John could get to admitting that he felt anything for Sherlock; maybe in the future it would be far easier, but for now it had to be enough.
“Consent for what?”
Mycroft felt heat rise to his face when Gregory gave a noticeable inhale of breath, taking in his scent.
himself to his omega, and it was all such a confusing sight for Sherlock’s omega to take in. Omegas were to be on all fours, omegas were to be the ones pleading, never an alpha and this—this—Sherlock’s mind was short-circuiting. Baffled, Sherlock stared wide eyed as John crawled over his sprawled legs, and began to wrap his arms around his shoulders.
.” Sherlock attempted to reassure John of his commitment to him, but John couldn’t believe him.
A burst of metallic liquid flooded his mouth when Sherlock bit too hard and bit into his tongue.
“Oh, that… It’s really interesting. You see…”
Mycroft’s lips thinned into a grimace. “I trust you will arrive back here at 8:00AM sharp, the wedding will be set to begin upon your arrival.”
So John's touch felt right. It made everything in Sherlock relax and... at first it frightened him and made him pull away because it just... It was so new and startlingly perfect, but... Feeling miserable, sick to his stomach and hating to be alone in his suffering... Having John here...Talking sweetly to him.... Tending to his needs... Touching him... Sherlock wanted it. He hated how he wanted it, but he wanted it regardless.
John’s heart pounded speedily against his chest, his breathing unsteady, body shuddering terrified. Sherlock… Did he cause Sherlock to…?
Sherlock bowed his head in resignation.
John demanded Mycroft take back the money, but the government official refused. It was now John’s for joining their family. Not to mention that he had another account under his name, a joint account with Sherlock, his husband's inheritance. John choked on air when seeing the amount of money in their joint account—enough to make his personal account look like chump change.
John did come, feeling a heaviness in his chest as he finally moved to wrap his arms around Sherlock's waist and pressed his chest to the omega's back.
Thirty one…
“Why… Why are you telling me all of this?” John rasped, completely thrown. To think of Mycroft being in love… it was strangely paining. John knew the heartache that love could bring and just imaging if something like that were to happen to Sherlock… John didn’t think he could bare it.
"My mother grew ill two years ago. I was always away on tour and then I was told by my father that my mother was dying. I came back to be with her in her last moments. She told me then that she'd found me a strong beta who she thought was perfect for me. My wife... Mary. Her mother and my mother grew up together and were the best of friends. My mother was always fond of Mary. She got it in her head that I'd be happy married with her."
“He's writing sad music. Doesn't eat. Barely talks. Only to correct the television. I'd say he was… he was heartbroken—” John stilled, standing before a very much alive Irene Adler.
Something warm swelled in John's heart and he couldn't stop his eyes from watering, because the absolute defeat and fear in Sherlock's plea broke him.
“Through your eyes... I must seem like a monster.”
"Give me a minute, I just came." John huffed, voice rough with sex and want of it.
Sherlock gave a low chuckle, his grip on John's hair lightening to instead stroke kindly at his tender scalp, while his other hand lowered to caress the alpha's chest, watching him heave large breaths as he slowly wrung out the last drops of release from his wilting cock.
There was a part of him that felt as if a weight had been lifted. Like he could finally breathe without having to endure the painful pulsing of his heart when he knew the one person he longed to be with again couldn't breathe.
“No.” Sherlock acknowledged somberly.
The breathing on the other end stilled and John wondered if they’d hung up, but then words came swiftly, resonating in his ear.
“Bit not good?” John posed.
John broke their stare out of anger and self-loathing. He hated being an omega, helpless to defy his fate. All the fighting, all the arguing, all his avoiding of this very moment amounted to nothing. He was to be wed and when his heat struck two months from now, his then husband, would breed him. It wouldn’t even be considered claiming for how artificial their relationship would be.
Sherlock said nothing, but John noticed when the alpha’s shoulders sagged and wondered why.
The silence of the room was loaded, but John wasn’t going to try and mend it.
“So good.” John exhaled in the fog, burning with the additional body heat, but needing it. He needed the attention of his alpha.
“About what?” John asked, taking a bite and was surprised by how good it really was.
"Mm." Gregory beamed at his mate. "God, I love you."
Tears fogged his vision, but John recognized that deep resonating voice through the stuttering sobs rippling out of him. His own trembling hands rose to palm his face as he released a distressed howl. Taking deep breaths didn’t seem to be working as he couldn’t control them.
“I wasn’t masturbating, Sherlock!” John raged, palming his face, mortified that his husband actually thought he’d be…
When John woke it was to the pounding of his head and the sounds of the city seeping through the window and into the room. John groaned tiredly and buried his head in the pillow. Inhaling a deep breath, John was accosted by the familiar bittersweet scent of Sherlock, and the moment that scent registered, so too did the memories of last night flicker through his muddled mind.
“Right.” Sherlock snarled, rising from the chair and storming off to his room.
John's dark blue eyes were filled with unshed tears.
“John, um…” Sherlock began inelegantly, “I think you should know that I consider myself married to my work, and while I understand your interest, I’m not really looking for any other partner, I’m not that type of alpha…”
"That's it, love. So strong. You are doing beautifully." John's lips brushed against his temple as he pushed.
- made it worse. His heart hurt. He felt small and insufficient. Undesired. Sherlock's stomach roiled sickeningly, his chest ached painfully, and feeling anger wind deep within himself, he shoved the alpha away from himself and angrily rose to his feet.
Sherlock grated a broken whine of distress as John drove forward still, passed the omega's resistance. John grunted a huff of air, licking away the blossoming trail of blood, and nuzzled the blemishes.
It had a powerful affect on him.
The meal was wonderful and John promised himself to ask Angelo again just what the name of this particular pasta was, because he knew it was now one of his favorites. Sherlock indulged more in his consumption of the wine rather than the food, and it was fine with John, because he knew Sherlock had a smaller appetite than most. He only asked that Sherlock eat enough as to not fill his empty stomach with just wine.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
One year and Gregory hadn't stopped visiting. Nor did the phone calls cease, regardless of Mycroft ignoring each call. Normally, his agents turned down the D.I., knowing Mycroft didn't want to see him, and only relayed which days he'd come by. This new agent was not familiar with protocol.
“My… chair?”
“I must be fond of you to let you hold me just so.” Sherlock’s quiet laughter warmed John’s heart.
John knew that look well enough to know the wheels in Sherlock’s mind were turning.
“What does it feel like…to love someone?” John was curious, truly wanting to understand that kind of love.
” Sherlock swore as the agents forced him down the hall.
.” John hissed, unable to stop himself from humping up against Sherlock’s stomach, rubbing the damp part of his jeans over the hardness of Sherlock’s lean abs. His cock spilling more excessive pre-come.
big. It was enormous, the sheer thickness and length was daunting to behold and John became immediately concerned for the omega. Sure while in heat the omega’s body would force itself to take their alpha’s cock, but this… It seemed to be too much.
“No!” Sherlock squawked, gaining several stares from people seated near them and flushed with embarrassment.
“I ate out.” Sherlock lied, but he wasn’t hungry.
Sherlock chuckled gently and nodded enthusiastically.
John ducked his head shyly as Sherlock’s gaze intensified and John felt self-conscious as if the alpha could read his mind.
“I only want you!” Sherlock snapped, but John didn’t want to hear these lies.
Swooping John into his arms, Sherlock tucked his head against John’s scent gland, nosing the flesh there, humming deep within his chest as they fell back onto the bed. This time John was once again on his back and an equally eager and needing alpha lay on top of him.
.” Sherlock uttered with care, arms tightening around him and holding John close.
John wiped the grit from his eyes and snarled, “Speak.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~
He wasn't having an affair. He wasn't in love with Victor. He just wanted this kindred spirit to remain undisturbed. He knew Sherlock would hate it and demand he stop associating himself with Victor, and John didn't want to. Sherlock was emotionally cold and distant, John needed something to balance the stressors of his life of lies and this was it. So no, John wouldn't stop seeing Victor, not even for Sherlock, and so this friendship of theirs would have to remain a secret.
After the group had their fill, some of them - birthday woman included - went to the dance floor. Sara and the man on the other side of John stayed with a handful of others at the table talking. When Sara began talking and everyone listened, Sherlock noticed John checking his watch and shifting in his seat.
John had said it many times, but never had it rang so true, nor held a deeper meaning than it did now. Sure Sherlock was gorgeous, but John didn’t just find his features to be pleasing to the eye. Sherlock was beautiful in the way he carried himself, the way he was always so gentle, open and nurturing to John, how he had his little quirks, how he seemed oblivious to the social norms, how his words were more clinical than appropriately acceptable, how he sometimes said ‘Jawn’, instead of ‘John’, how he always seemed to sense his moods and do all in his power to strengthen it and amend it, and so many other ways.
“How could I when you so clearly hated me. You thought me an animal. You hated me because I was an alpha. You rejected every advance I made. You were cruel and distant. How could I tell you, John? How?”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
John’s eyes clenched shut, holding back the emotions threatening to be released.
"Hello there." John greeted the pair of them.
When the priest asked them to exchange their rings, John retrieved the two rings from his pocket. Offering up his to Sherlock and the omega begrudgingly took it. John took Sherlock’s offered left hand and slipped on the ring given to him by Mycroft earlier that morning. They were both simple gold wedding rings.
"See you at home." John cut in and hung up.
.” Sherlock began, biting into his bottom lip, glancing down to where John’s hand cupped a firm hold of the throbbing cock, before meeting John’s stare.
“I’m going to leave now. I’m going to go into my mind palace and search out every memory of my childhood that I kept watch of you, and every expression of the love I have for you. I’m going to tear it to pieces, and then I’m going to burn it, until nothing of this love is left. I’ll remember everything after our wedding, but the love I have for you will be completely erased from my mind. I won’t have to suffer this heartbreak anymore. You’ll just be the omega my parents saddled me with and that will be fine. It will be tolerable. What should it matter to you? The loss of my love won’t mean a thing to you.” Sherlock declared and John watched as voiceless tears fell from the alpha’s flushed cheeks and pelted the table.
Then Sherlock sent him that look. That look that told John all he needed to know and his face heated with embarrassment.
Across the wide paned windows he stared across another building, through the classroom window and to his alpha and their killer. Sherlock seated across from the mad cab driver staring from a bottle in his hand to another on the table before him.
"Goodnight." Sherlock bid wetly, and John broke further at the sadness in Sherlock's voice. He'd succeeded in breaking Sherlock's heart along with his own.
“You might be hungry.”
“Yes.”
"I don't know."
The edges of John’s lips twitched a mere fraction of a millimeter before he forced it into a firm scowl.
Ella’s nostrils flared, the overwhelming scent of anguish filling the room. John was a stubborn man, never really wanting to admit how helpless he felt, but now, John was giving in, exposing his vulnerability within the safety of her room.
"I don't care about that." John cut in, knowing how difficult it could be to remove something from the web once it was there.
“You always know.”
Sherlock began dancing again, his hands gliding from his belly to play with his zipper. Slowly, ever so slowly did Sherlock unzip himself and then he gripped the waistband of his slacks and... Biting into his bottom lip, Sherlock drew his slack's down and let them pool at his feet.
Sherlock moaned happily, the stretch of his entrance made him feel blessedly full, tightly wrapped around the thickness of that monstrous cock. He felt positively stuffed, he could almost taste that beautiful cock.
“Your conscience must be eating away at you.” John sobbed.
Sherlock whimpered knowing his omega could not hear him, would not come, was forbidden from seeing him. Withering against the mattress, thighs trembling with each frantic thrust, he came to the pained realization that his hand wasn’t enough. He wanted John. His mind was steadily clouding over with pleasure, but Sherlock all of a sudden understood what was happening, what had changed. Why Mycroft hadn’t wanted to take him so close to his omega.
Maybe John could leave, take a few days for himself? Yes... John had more than enough money to run away, but he didn't want to use that money.
As heated as John’s face became, the blood swiftly drained and he was left feeling cold, cold and empty.
” Sherlock whispered softly.
John bit the inside of his bottom lip, worrying at it and reluctantly followed after the older man. The home was a maze. He’d gotten lost several times that morning trying to find the dining hall. Fortunately he’d ran into one of the maids and asked for directions. John noticed that they went the opposite direction from where he’d come from. They climbed a lengthy set of staircases and entered an eerily vacant wing of the estate.
John didn’t bother saying anymore, shutting off his phone, John hurriedly stripped out of his night clothes and changed into some day clothing. Clutching to his go bag with the most needed of things, John rushed for the front door of the flat and swung it open. John had to leave, he couldn't risk being found by Sherlock, because God help him, John didn't think he'd be able to run again if he saw Sherlock. Eventually he would stop looking for John. Sherlock wouldn't waste much more time on John, this John was hopeful for because his heart could not stand to hear Sherlock's voice again. It held too much pain.
“You feel good.” John spoke without thought, and frankly in the warmth of Sherlock’s arms he didn’t care.
“I… I read your file and, just meeting you, I feel drawn to you. I understand you want no intimacy, but… I’d like to see where this friendship leads us. Maybe in the future you’ll become open to the idea of us being an ‘
Sherlock chuckled harder at John’s words, eyes glistening happily.
“Being so defensive makes it all the more clear, Johnny boy.”
“Come, John. We’re getting something in that belly of yours. It’s not just you we need to worry about.”
He’d find John out in the yard, library, his office, their room, wherever the omega was, and he’d lower himself on his knees, wrap his arms around the omega’s legs and beg to help John through his heat. Then… John would laugh at him, snarl with disgust, shove him away, turn his back on him and demand he leave the estate, to keep his distance as he’d done. Not wishing to share his heat, heart, or anything else with him.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, because it was apparent John was mad at him and he hadn’t done anything wrong!
"Gre- Gregory. Isn't this... This is too soon." Mycroft spoke, voice wavering.
The alpha submissive biology was a strange and fascinating thing for scientists. Once bonded, there were only two things an omega could do that would cause an alpha submissive to die. Alpha submissives lived for their one true mate and when their omega died, it didn’t take much time for the alpha submissive to die. Two years was the longest an alpha submissive could live without their bond mate before death would come.
"Is it your back?"
"Tell me." John whispered, secretly wishing to hear some of what it was Sherlock thought of him, because he so wanted to see himself through Sherlock's eyes.
“Beautiful.”
On his fourth year of his third tour, he’d been transferred to Afghanistan and everything changed after that…
“We’re looking for a dog, yes. A great big dog, that’s your brilliant theory. Cherchez le chien. Good, excellent, yes, where shall we start?”
Sherlock didn't know what to do or say. He felt like a bumbling fool. Staring at
Sherlock wanted to berate his alpha, tell him that they couldn't understand them, but he didn't. He didn't want to. John was a doctor, he knew this already. Which meant he was doing this for sentimental reasons and Sherlock wouldn't chastise him for that. Not this time.
hard. Arousal was kindled the very instant Sherlock touched his swollen belly and Sherlock released a pained groan scenting the arousal which in turn set off his.
“Oh don’t look so scandalized. I’m not going to play footie or whatever it’s called. Just… I like being near and touching you.”
“It’s because it’s you.”
John exhaled erratically and reared his head away from Sherlock’s caress; the intensity of the moment broken.
“Usually you ask to go into another person’s office.” Lestrade grumbled, but regardless of his agitation followed and shut the door behind them before seating himself at his desk.
,” John then kissed Sherlock sweetly on the cheek, allowing his lips to linger there for a long while.
"Pie ala mode?" Sherlock asked hopefully.
"Stay out here while I air out the house." John ordered, grasping a hold of Sherlock's shoulders and pushing him down against one of the cushioned chairs.
“Oh, that old thing? I threw it out. I was going to get you some new ones in the morning.”
“I couldn’t live in a world without you.”
.” Sherlock pleaded hoarsely.
Sherlock's screaming had woken him from his sleep and John had found the omega having a conversation with what he believed was himself. A hallucination John had taken great efforts to snap Sherlock out of. He'd destroyed his omega's mind with his long absence and that was something John would never forgive himself for.
“I don’t know what to say.” John truly didn’t.
“I’ll kill him, Mrs. Hudson. I swear, I’m going to kill Mycroft.”
"Yes."
Horror, fear, grief wracked through him and John retrieved his gun hidden under his coat. Thankful, so very thankful he’d decided to head back to the estate after Sherlock deserted him at the crime scene and retrieve a suit case worth of clothing and his well cared for gun.
"Are you going to say something?" Sherlock asked, sitting up in the bed, the sheets still covering his lower half. His upper chest he shielded from view by folding his arms.
Sherlock snarled deeply, chest vibrating when he turned the page to find just as many hospital records. John sustained injuries, so many sprains, near a dozen concussions, a handful of stitches, and one broken wrist. The most recent injury occurred a month earlier; John had received a concussion and fractured back.
"I forgive you," John said, meeting Sherlock's gaze again, saying what he knew Sherlock now understood, "but, I... I can't do this."
.” John begged, frantic, kissing Sherlock’s jaw and cheek messily, trying to snatch Sherlock’s lips in another heated kiss, but Sherlock turned away from it.
Sherlock howled, the alpha within withering in pain, longing for its mate and Sherlock managed to kick out a leg, connecting a knee to one agent’s groin and sending the man down to the ground crying out in pain. Again Sherlock kicked out at the back of the leg of another agent and the man buckled to the ground, slamming down hard on his knees, giving Sherlock the perfect opportunity to kick the man square in the jaw and sent him falling back.
The long silence that followed was answer enough and Sherlock wasn't sure how he should feel about that. Maybe it would have been fine not knowing, but now that he knew what John had done it was hard to trust there wouldn't be another instance like it.
“Close your eyes.” John opened his own to be sure Sherlock followed through with his request.
He didn't know anymore.
Sherlock’s confidence grew by the sound of John’s soft mewling vocalizations, until his tongue slithered in and out of John’s mouth, flicking and twirling, igniting something in John. The sharp gasps and smacking of lips was painfully audible to John’s sensitive ears and drove him wild, pure and instinctual want overpowering every sense of logic.
John wasn’t sure where he was exactly or how to get himself a cab, but noticed Sally nearby and began speaking with her, only to be thrown off by what she’d said.
It was so excruciating. John was cold, cruel, unfeeling. He held no consideration for how Sherlock felt and it was wearisome. What the bloody hell was Sherlock supposed to do in order to have John realize he wasn’t going to hurt him? That all Sherlock wanted to do was love him. Sherlock only wanted to love John, it was a simply act that if John would allow, he was sure he’d be able to persuade the omega to feel the same.
“As agreed upon, your sister will live.” Mycroft assured.
"How dare you!" Sherlock hissed.
“I can manage.”
“Pretty narrow waist, want to hold you tight.” John hummed, thrashing his head upon his pillow and bit into his lower lip to muffle the sound of a desperate moan.
"I can see that. But it is the lesser of two evils if I force his transformation."
“Let’s take a seat.” John said, gesturing to a nearby empty bench.
“Says the man at the door.” Sherlock said while staring at the front door.
John shook his head, unable to accept such a notion as truth.
Sherlock blushed deeply and looked away.
“Oh, John, have you fallen in love with your husband?”
“Keep your eyes fixed on me. Please, will you do this for me?”
“But not anymore.”
“Colleague of mine—Dr. Watson.”
John fell back onto the floor, pressing his back up against the counter and shook his head, trying to rid the thought, but it still came.
John was sexually frustrated, annoyed with his omega's teasing, but he smiled tightly nevertheless. "God yes. You've seduced me. You did wonderfully. Now please get over here, so I can fuck you."
Sherlock understood their marriage wasn’t particularly conventional and he could understand if John wasn’t close to his sister why he hadn’t told her about their marriage.
John watched mutely as Sherlock exited the bathroom. John’s tea grew cold as he sat there dumbfounded, holding his tea while his toes became prune-like.
John gave a frail nod of his head, knowing he needed to, but
Mary Morstan stole his chance. John's mother destroyed him. John left him to suffer and gave that beta the one thing he couldn't have. Could never be blessed with.
John’s eyes snapped open with surprise.
A part of John knew it was because of his youth. Being bullied hardened him towards alphas, but most specifically to Sherlock. He'd lived most of his life hating a man he hadn't met yet. When John did meet Sherlock he'd started battling himself, battling the bullies and their words, and battling his distorted views of his intended alpha. John was far too cruel to Sherlock. More so than any other alpha. For God's Sake, he treated Gregory Lestrade with more respect than his husband, and he'd been wrong. But other alphas were nothing compared to Sherlock, because Sherlock had the ability to control his heart and that scared the living hell out of John. Sherlock could destroy him, and maybe that was why John had been far too cruel to his mate.
John shut his eyes and bit the inside of his cheek. Withholding his words, knowing any form of admonishing would only result in Sherlock’s refusal of John’s assistance. After he finished disinfecting the wound, John retrieved an antibiotic cream and carefully massaged it over the cut, and after which point he then proceeded to wrap Sherlock’s forearm in gauze.
"No, about the dogs."
“Is there anything you need?”
Sherlock paused startled into silence for a long breath, before he exhaled his own confession,
Sherlock's thrashing stopped in that moment, because the sharp heat of fangs pressed on his gland. Soft at first, but then steadily gaining in pressure, until the pointed fangs tore through skin, muscle, and burst the gland within. Alpha pheromones and hormones seeping within, mixing with Sherlock's own. Sherlock didn't have to smell the alpha to feel the moment the biological reaction was taking place. He could feel the very instant it happened; his muscles relaxed further, his head spun - fogging, and his heart rate increased.
"Yes, of course I forgive you."
Slowly rising, making sure none of his movements came as hostile, he removed his clothing, until he stood completely bare to Sherlock's viewing. Kneeling once more, John bowed his head and stared at the ground.
Sherlock never did sleep that night. He had lain in their bed cradling John within his arms and watched him as he’d drifted to sleep. Sherlock had stayed with his omega until the bright sunlight shone through the windows, illuminating the room. Sherlock remembered how he’d spent long moments caressing the relaxed features of John’s cheek as he slept. His fingers grazing John’s bottom lip, so full and inviting, and he’d desperately wanted to kiss him; claim those innocent lips as his own, but John would fear him even more if he were to wake to the alpha taking advantage of his resting form. At least his omega trusted him enough to sleep in his arms. Maybe there was hope for them. If he was patient enough, John might take his words to heart; know that Sherlock would cherish him all the days of his life. Or…things would remain the same and John would never accept him as his mate.
“John.” Sherlock called, and John trembled.
“John.” Sherlock breathed through closed eyes, seeming to realize that John was close, his grip on John’s hair vice-like.
John came home an hour later each day from work. He went out almost every weekend to spend time with his sister or Lestrade. That was all fine with Sherlock, until last night.
Sherlock shook his head, unable to accept Moriarty's words. He couldn't be like Moriarty.
"I'm sorry. I never meant to hurt you."
Curse that footage and his curiosity — it would appear that Sherlock was perverted, because he found himself growing exceedingly more aware of his sexuality. There was an itch he wanted to scratch, but he refused to give. He would not let his body control his mind. He would will the arousing images of that blasted footage to go unused, because he wasn’t going to masturbate again, certainly not to thoughts of his mate.
"Okay. Your turn. Who is the most handsome alpha celebrity on your list."
John smiled sadly, staring out their window, knowing that their new life together was only just beginning. He hoped that Sherlock would grow to care for him, but John wasn’t going to lie to himself. The likelihood of that happening was slim to none. Still, John wouldn’t just give up. What good would that do? They’d just end up miserably alone together. No, John was going to show Sherlock the kindness, comfort, and strength of love, by loving Sherlock despite the consultant’s refusal of validating his presence. This love he held for Sherlock would surely melt the coldness surrounding Sherlock’s heart.
John looked so different, saddened eyes, underweight, and… that hideous mustache. How did John expect Sherlock to kiss him like that—that would cause so many skin burns on his delicate lips. Not to mention it aged John ten years more. It was all so distasteful.
John really did laugh then, a sardonic bitter laugh.
John bulked when he found D.I. Lestrade sitting comfortably in the armchair facing the door. A swarm of officers bustled about the flat, riffling through Sherlock’s possessions, and when John glanced over to Sherlock, searching for answers, he found that icy blue glared down at Lestrade.
"Good... That's good." Gregory raised Mycroft's hand he still held and planted a kiss to pale knuckles. "We can work our way up to that over time."
“I know. I feel it so strongly in me. This hurt is too great. The damage is too severe.”
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
John took hold of Sherlock’s hand and pressed it against his twitching cock. Sherlock, understanding John’s voiceless request, enclosed his hand over John’s cock. John stared down at it, how Sherlock’s hand nearly covered his cock completely, and moaned at the sight, he fit so perfectly in Sherlock’s hand.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Shut up." Sherlock pinched the skin near John's rib in retaliation and the alpha chuckled softly before amending.
They’d head home after solving a case, or to further contemplate a case, and John would reluctantly leave Sherlock to stay up focusing on the case while John went to bed alone. He usually had to wake early for work the next day and he knew he couldn’t skip resting in his condition. Sometimes he’d wake to Sherlock still working on the case and other times Sherlock would be gone. When he was there, John would wish him luck and asked him not to do anything crazy while he was at work. Sherlock would smile and promise to be on his best behavior before bidding him a good day.
“What? What is it?” John straightened in his seat.
When Sherlock returned to their flat with an icebox of human organs, he found John seated in his red chair reading a book. John smiled up at him, glanced over to the icebox and said, “Another experiment.”
“Was I what?” John sent Sherlock a look of confusion. Sometimes John found it hard to follow Sherlock’s train of thought.
“I recently went to see her and she asked if I registered. She wants me to find an omega and I couldn’t tell her I already have one. I want her to meet you.”
"Well... Maybe more than a few." Sherlock amended.
John distantly heard Mrs. Holmes and Mrs. Watson giggle, having witnessed the display of affection. John ignored it all, suddenly wishing to be gone from all the silly nonsense around them.
"Let me make myself clear. Under no circumstance are you to tell mother. You will
“Uh…” John was seriously at a loss. How could a ragged towel mean so much to Sherlock that he’d retrieve it from a bin?
As Lestrade made his way over to him, Sherlock couldn’t stop himself from asking, “Why have I got this blanket?”
"To be a bitch, unable to do anything? That's how I felt for so many years, helpless. Can you imagine what feeling like that for years could do to you?"
Mycroft's eyes twinkled suspiciously and Sherlock realized it was already too late. A furious outcry of rage burst forth and Sherlock lurched forward, arms reaching out for the arrogant sod. But before he could move further than the edge of the desk, two pairs of hands hardened their hold and roughly slammed him back into his seat.
"Hell!" Sherlock cursed at the sight of dark smoke seeping from out of the oven and threw open the latched door, releasing more smoke.
Unable to formulate words into a coherent sentence, he gave up and used actions to get his point across. With far more boldness than he thought himself to possess, John cupped Sherlock’s arousal, feeling beyond the confinements of fitted trousers and at the massive alpha cock that was there. The things John wanted to do with Sherlock’s cock… It all varied, but in the end, it all led to John being pounded, fucked hard and fast.
“I don’t know. I didn’t talk to him much, but…he wasn’t unpleasant.” John frowned, reluctantly admitting the last.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
“I know Sherlock. We’ll handle this case, but after you’ve promised me three days of sightseeing.” John grinned wildly, eyes softening as he stared at Sherlock focusing on the road.
Pale grey eyes lowered and stared down at the ground. Sherlock never once felt shame for being an alpha, but he wasn’t overly prideful about it either. He’d accepted his status and thought nothing more about it. Now… Sherlock would give anything to renounce his status. If there were a way to surgically remove whatever part of him made him an alpha, he’d do it now.
There was a knock on their door and a moment later John’s childhood gynecologist entered the room. An elderly woman entered, silver curls pulled back in an elegant French braid, kind green eyes sparkling in the brightly lit room.
“Oh.” John frowned.
Shuffling under the comforter, Sherlock moaned,  excited by the feel of the bed sheets rubbing along his sensitive skin. One hand rubbed the tender flesh of his nipple, stroking over it again and again, until it hardened into a stubborn bead, needing.
Sherlock gave another hard push and gasped when the pressure around his omega hole vanished. A small bundle wrapped in a cloth raised up with the doctor as she stood from her stool and smiled at John and Sherlock.
“Shhh.” Sherlock stopped John.
“Thank you.”
Sherlock didn't unzip himself though; pausing momentarily, he bit his lip and stared at John contemplating.
John wanted to yell and curse Sherlock for lying, for making him believe they were going to die. Though he did yell and curse after he'd realized Sherlock played him, he couldn't hate him. He didn't think he'd ever hate Sherlock. Even with all his lies. But the case was finished. The terrorist attack was stopped and now John could leave.
"I never realized that Mary harbored feelings for me. Not until sometime after we married. I know I was wrong to ignore my duty to you, but I told myself I was doing the right thing. I always intended on finding you after my mother's passing. I was too worried that my mother would suffer from the shock of it." John hesitantly raised a hand and lay it over Sherlock's, a gentle show of comfort.
Sherlock raised his hands to frame John’s face in a secure hold, forcing John to meet his gaze.
Sherlock scooted close to the edge of his seat, stared John directly in the eyes, silver flecked with blue eyes pleading for understanding as Sherlock spoke once more.
"I did this to him." The guilt was thick in his voice.
“Do you read the papers?”
"Ooh." Sherlock's fangs broke out as a piercing keen tore through his throat and he shot out an arm to reach for John's ass. Gripping to the muscular buttocks as tears brimmed in eyes. His mouth opened, panting out shaky breaths. Eyes struggling to stay open and staring up into those twinkling dark ones.
” Sherlock’s human nails dug into the flesh of John’s back, his fingers looped in blond hair snagged painfully. Sherlock cried, completely enraptured by the powerful orgasm that erupted from out of him.
There was pressure, a tightness there, but it wasn’t painful—different, a little unsettling with the unaccustomed fullness of it all, but not painful. Sherlock spent more time familiarizing John with the fullness—John wasn’t in heat, this was different, and his body wasn’t willingly opening for breeding like it would during heat.
, but I found it hard to… The beauty, the strength, the kindness and intelligence I saw in them… I never expected to feel so… consumed.”
"He already hates me. There is no future for us. Now I just wish to right his mind and when he no longer needs me..." John's voice turned raw with emotion. His eyes shut for a brief time to stop them from dampening too quickly, and when he felt his breathing regulate he opened his glistening eyes that no longer threatened to overflow.
John never expected for Sherlock—someone so elegant and graceful to choke on his tea mid sip and sputter tea messily from his mouth. Coughing hoarsely, Sherlock retrieved a napkin nearby and hurriedly dried his face, before accusing wild sea green eyes gawked in his direction.
Most of the rooms were empty; a few were made into guest bedrooms. The rest were made into storage spaces. John curiously riffled through the storage rooms. They didn’t have anything of great interest, a few knickknacks, old books, gadgets, ancient science equipment, worn out journals with written evaluations on numerous amounts of experiments and so on. John didn’t know what it was his husband did for a living. He’d never cared to ask, but he’d mentioned the day before that he was working on a case. With all the science equipment and research journals, John wondered if he might work in forensics.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
John was most certainly an alpha, with a gloriously fat cock. So round, so long, so
John sat at the edge of the bed, feeling Sherlock’s release pooling under him and grimaced—he wasn’t an omega or a woman, he couldn’t absorb Sherlock’s seed. He was sterile in this union. He’d never be able to give Sherlock children and that was what was drawing John away.
“Text me the details. I'll be in touch by the end of the day.”
It was infuriating and disheartening that he cared. That the idea of losing John's... love affected him. He felt the most sentimental about John, because they had developed a closeness through The Work, and life. John was always there for him. Always cared for him. So Sherlock couldn't be blamed for developing a fondness for the alpha. But it wasn't a big stretch for him. He cared for Redbeard just as much as he cared for John now... No, maybe not the same, but close.
Sherlock seated himself beside John, removed his dark blue scarf and wound it around John’s neck. The omega in John cooed happily,
There were still staff at the estate; John noticed a few here and there tending to the home. John welcomed their presence; it gave him the illusion of not being completely alone, even though that was how he felt. Since he had the freedom to wander the residence without bumping into one of the Holmes’ John took this opportunity to explore.
“John!”
John claimed Sherlock’s lips as his own every chance he could. Every darkened alley they’d entered on a case. Every tree they hid behind as not to be seen by their suspect they tailed, behind a building near crime scenes, in the cab as they drove around the city. Each and every opportunity that presented itself, John took. Surprising the alpha, as Sherlock stilled in John’s constricting arms for brief moments, words dying away, and when John began to pull back, only then would Sherlock’s mind catch up with John’s actions and needs. Then the alpha would pin John against the nearest wall or tree, and consume his mouth in the most zealous kiss John ever experienced.
“You won’t look at me.”
“You’re on suppressants. You can’t possibly take care of Sherlock’s needs. I can.”
“Wake up, love.” John whispered his voice hoarse from disuse.
Sherlock broke their stare then to glare back at Lestrade, “I’m not your sniffer dog.”
Mycroft, who’d been leaning back in his chair, eyes dully staring at the ceiling, was now sat up straight, aglow, an irritatingly smug smile upon his face. The cocky sod had been waiting for this particular introduction.
“Oh yes, we meet up every Friday for fish and chips.” Mycroft’s sarcasm thickly laced his voice. Though he’d kept his watch over John, the omega didn’t want anything to do with him. He blamed him for Sherlock’s suicide.
He quickly stocked up on food. Since he wasn't much of a cook and didn't know what groceries to buy to make a full balanced meal, Sherlock opted for buying frozen pre-made food, four batches of bananas, and called it a day. Waddling back home and discarding the grocery bags on the kitchen counter before hurrying back to their bedroom.
“Why would I do that for?” Sherlock sniped, Mrs. Holmes wasn’t deterred in the least as she took hold of John’s arm with her other hand and led them out and to the gardens where the reception was being held.
“No.” Sherlock refused, and again that painful tug in his chest strengthened when John couldn’t hide the sense of rejection he felt at Sherlock’s repudiation.
Sherlock mentioned he’d be out till later that night so that gave John enough time to get his plans in order. Thirteen hours later, 10:00PM at night, John had successfully transformed their living room into a romantic scene. John moved the furniture around to make space for a decorative table with a red table cloth, a bouquet of red roses and two long candles being lit. He’d even gone as far as to scatter rose petals on the floor around the table and on Sherlock’s bed. Soft instrumental music set off the mood perfectly. John had even ordered take away from Angelo’s, some special chicken pasta Angelo recommended and John even asked Mrs. Holmes to have someone send over one of the wines she knew Sherlock enjoyed.
“Oh God—
Sherlock's nails dug even deeper, blood wetting his scalp as he bit back a cry of protest.
John uncertainly stared at the pasta before him, unsure what to say. Sherlock moved and John couldn’t stop himself from looking up and gawked as the alpha boldly began to unbutton his crisp white shirt, revealing a milky white chest that made John want to suck up the luminous flesh, bruise and mark it as his own.
"I... Okay."
“Sorry boys! I'm soooo changeable! It is a weakness with me. But to be fair to myself, it is my only weakness. You can't be allowed to continue.
Sherlock's claws dug deep into the mattress and constricted, pulling fistfuls of the sheets in his palm, and held fast. Slick poured out of him so heavily both of his sexes were drenched in it.
"Did you eat what I left for you?"
. . .
“Normally, that is done, as I’ve said earlier, but this is not a typical situation.”
“Blond.”
"I'll pick you up here at eight then." Mycroft managed to say before stumbling out of the office. Feeling Gregory's eyes follow him as he went.
"A marriage born out of one part love, another necessity... How does it work?" John rasped.
“Being married doesn’t mean that this is right. You’re an alpha.”
This was too cruel a sentence. To live within a home with his alpha and - he had no doubts - the alpha's beta.
God, maybe he just wasn't good enough. Sherlock couldn't be blamed for having taste. He came from a family that had given him everything he'd ever wanted, and now he'd had to settle for someone like John.
John smiled weakly and boldly raised his other hand to palm Sherlock’s pale face, stroking a sharp cheekbone with his thumb.
"It was wrong! Bloody terrible to leave me thinking I would die at any moment. Can you imagine what that was like? Two years, living, but not really living, waiting for your heart to stop along with the snapping of the bond?"
“You’re ready now though?” The man raised a brow with deliberation as if to weigh his seriousness.
“John.” Sherlock said, laughter dying out, but the smile tugging at the ends of his lips remained, realizing why John was reacting like he was now.
John shut his eyes and breathed in deeply, he needed to calm his nerves first, catch his breath second, then he’d throttle Sherlock.
again and again.
"You lied to me!" Victor had shouted, pacing the living room floor as John stood, saddened at the sight of Victor's kind eyes filling with tears.
Moving himself near, until his body pressed solidly against Sherlock’s, spooning against his leaner, longer frame, John stubbornly wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s narrow waist and tucked his head against the alpha’s neck. His nose pressed up against the alpha’s scent gland where he inhaled noisily. Expecting Sherlock to pull away at any moment, John savored this moment of closeness.
"I'm sorry." John found himself apologizing, knowing this couldn't have been easy for Sherlock.
Irene smirked.
.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and stood to his feet, a hand outstretched for John to take.
“The omega is slowly opening the alpha’s heart.” John dared one final time.
, Chapter Eight: Seduction. Option one: Strip-tease." Sherlock explained, a quiver of a smile at the corner of his lips. The omega was nervous and John couldn't see why. Sherlock was a vision.
“I’m just saying… it’s
Sherlock would have refused John’s offer if he had not glanced at his mother who shot him a deadly look. Sherlock was an intelligent man and knew it would cause him far less pain refusing the alpha of this one simple task than his mother. Resigned to his limitations, Sherlock bowed slightly and took a bite of the cake John offered him; French vanilla with strawberry filling.
John's brows rose, eyes widening with surprise, but then they turned dark with lust and a feral growl rumbled from deep within the alpha's chest.
John smiled fondly at Sherlock.
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Where have you been?" Sherlock demanded, snapping angrily at the alpha the moment he realized he'd come back.
“This is… what happens with all alpha submissives?” John had never heard of an alpha submissive being approached in such a rushed manner. They usually went to the hospital with a government official to perform these tests.
"No, but you know that already."
John sat up slightly, Sherlock palming the back of his thighs as he shifted further down until he pressed his forehead against one of John’s inner thighs and stared up at him as he removed his shirt and tossed it over the bed.
“They don’t know how to express their feelings.” John led again, finding this was another way of confessing and finding out just how Sherlock felt.
Sherlock hummed and kissed John’s cheek where another tear fell.
A red dot slowly rose up to Sherlock’s head and John held back a whine of despair. There was no way out of this, for either of them. John was left with no other choice but to release Moriarty.
"She might be my wife, but you are the one I love."
“Oh, dear, I hope you aren’t coming down with something. Maybe we should call the doctor over.” Mrs. Holmes suggested with concern.
“I’ll leave you to your lessons then. Remember, if there is ever anything you need of me, just let me know.” Mycroft chuckled; amused that John was actually speechless.
“Alright.” Sherlock gave a brisk nod in acceptance, but John noticed the flicker of disappointment in his pale blue eyes.
“You don't trust your own Secret Service?” John was confused by Mycroft’s logic.
Sherlock blushed noticeably and John felt butterflies swarm by the alpha’s shyness. John's cock sputtered pre-come, drizzling messily, and Sherlock swiped his tongue over the slit, tasting his essence. Tossing his head to the side and burying his face in his pillow, John bit into Sherlock’s index finger as a pitiful noise erupted. Dire pleasure assaulted him when the alpha took John back into his mouth fully.
“I need to talk about the—the rent.” Lying wasn’t something Sherlock had issues with, but this, pretending that all John was to him was a colleague and flatmate, filled him with so much grief—yet it was what John wanted. John didn’t want him, and John didn’t want Lestrade and the others to bombard him with questions, and Sherlock knew it would prove to be stressful for his omega.
"Sorry. You just surprised me is all. It's not always a bad thing."
"Tell me."
“You…”
"I can’t tell you how glad we are, Sherlock. All that time people thinking the worst of you," Mrs. Holmes whispered, but John's omega hearing caught it. He could feel the heat of Sherlock's gaze on him, most probably worried he could still hear them, but John stared out the window as if he remained none the wiser.
Sherlock bit his tongue, fists clenching at his sides.
Sherlock needed to hear that right now. He needed to feel wanted. Needed to believe John still loved him.
“Sherlock told us about your visit with the gynecologist. I’m so very sorry love. For an omegas status to be questioned as yours is being now… It’s horrible.”
John had time; the press weren’t going to expose them as a couple and it wasn’t like they’d keep this secret their whole lives, just until John introduced Harry to Sherlock. After, John would convince Sherlock it was better they tell the press — that if someone were to ever leak they were married it would cause them as much hassle to fix it. John was sure Sherlock would eventually agree to such.
Sherlock shook his head. He shouldn’t feel interested. He shouldn’t be affected. He’d never felt sexually interested while on suppressants, so why was seeing John like this causing such a reaction from him now?
"I've never felt... anything for anyone."
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
“John, whatever it is, you can tell me.” Sherlock sensed his hesitation.
John thought to himself, pressing a hand under Sherlock’s chin, lifting up until Sherlock looked at him and he bent low to press his lips at the widowspeak of his husband’s hairline.
“John.” Sherlock watched perceptively as John shut off the oven.
So yes, coming out as a couple to the press had been surprisingly easy. Easier than having to deal with an upset Victor Trevor, who barged into the flat one evening while Sherlock was away. John had been expecting for Victor to be upset for his lying, but not to this extent.
John needed to hold back and wait, see what Sherlock wanted.
When John turned to meet Sherlock's gaze once more, he spoke softly, voice raspy. "Look, I find it difficult... I find it difficult, this sort of stuff."
“He comes from an exceptional family. They all hold position within the government. Rather wealthy family too. They come from old money. You’ll never want for anything, son. They will care for you most eagerly, for you are an omega. Don’t forget to be proud of that son!” His father cheered with a wide grin on his face.
“You… you told me once that you weren’t a hero. Um. There were times that I didn’t even think you were human. But let me tell you this… you were the best man and the most human…”
“Call me mother, dear.” Mrs. Holmes smiled.
“John, you probably want to shut up
There’s nothing wrong with me.”
John's arms tightened around his waist all while sucking at a cheek bone and he gave a forceful punch of his hips, shoving all of that tree trunk in him. The wind dispelled from out of Sherlock's lungs and for a moment he forgot how to inhale. John drew back until the very tip of his cock was hardly left within, then shoved back in, slow and
Omegas knew when they were to begin their heat and if an alpha tried to claim them before they’d physically reached their peak, the omega would resist. Alphas could naturally force themselves on an omega even if they weren’t ready. John could see the love and trust between the couple. He was amazed by how the alpha resisted his instincts to mount and rut his omega, simply because the omega was not yet ready. John frowned bitterly, knowing more than likely being in a loveless bond with his alpha, he would not experience the same kindness as this omega.
John’s brow raised, part amusement, part fondness when Sherlock’s legs parted shoulder width apart, he tipped his head up, and his eyes stared directly into John’s own. He wasn’t submitting - he was taking on a defensive stance, not conforming in the least. Alphas would take immediate offense to the disrespectful display, but John didn’t.
Sherlock stared out the window of the living room overlooking the busy city, pedestrians walking the sidewalks, cars speeding down the streets, and morbidly wondered what John was doing with Lestrade that very moment.
John fired one off at once. “Yeah, where are we going?”
“Stop that.” Sherlock admonished behind his hand he used to clasp over his mouth as he leaned his arm against his door rest and stared out the window still.
“I—I shouldn’t have lost my temper. I know that.”
“It does. I screwed up. I know I shouldn't have, but I was lonely and I… I was drunk and it’s been so long since I’ve been with someone. Fuck, I don’t know what to say.”
bring me down."
The way John felt about Sherlock… It had changed. He no longer felt that Sherlock was one of those dominating cruel alphas he’d heard about. His new found perception on Sherlock was a bit alarming. Sherlock was no prince charming, but he was compassionate, lenient, sweet, and docile.
Victor smiled shyly up at John and spoke, "John, I've got some tickets to this jazz festival next Saturday. Would you like to join me?"
~~~~~~~~~~~~
"You’d still have a future... with Mary."
“John.” Sherlock said again, resolute on saying what he needed to say.
“I… I went inside your office.” John admitted timidly, glancing behind him to find the alpha’s eyes were fixed on him and turned around to face the path before him once more.
“John.” Sherlock rushed, taking steps towards him, but John shakily raised a hand, willing Sherlock to stay back.
Sherlock only wished now that he'd deleted those memories instead of burying them within his mind palace, hidden inside of a room near that of Moriarty. So many times he'd scoped his mind trying to recall the memories he'd lost, figure out why there were so many blank spaces in his memories. So many rooms he'd went through... except for the one that he needed.
“Where is she?”
Gentlemanly as Mycroft was, the man's lips soon pursed into a soft frown as a glimpse of displeasure filled his eyes. John knew without the man saying a word he had an idea of why John had come to see him today.
“John?”
"Sherlock." John rasped. Looking at John was painful, more than Sherlock cared to express, so, looking down at his feet was far better than meeting those eyes. Maybe saying goodbye wasn't such a good idea.
Inhaling deeply, John turned the page and ignored the exasperating voice.
"Sherlock."
John tucked his head in the pillow under him, inhaling deeply, scenting the alpha and hating how an involuntary gasp escaped.
John paled.
John wasn’t particularly close to the hospital, but near enough—close enough to hear the sickening crunch of a body slam into the hard cemented ground. That body—that brilliant mind… his only love…
— firm.
Sherlock scowled at the insult.
“Please, forgive me John. Let this anger go. Let me attempt to heal your wounds… Forgive me, John.” Sherlock’s tears fell steadily, chin wobbling faintly as he begged openly.
“You’ll have to move in to my place. I rather like it a lot and don’t wish to move.”
John released his hold of her hand when she tugged it away to wipe a few tears that managed to fall from her wet eyes. Sniffling softly, Mary smiled at John when her eyes were no longer overly wet and then began to eat her meal. John smiled happily at her, glad to see her appetite had returned.
John did. He accepted his pregnancy and would raise his children with all the love and care he possessed.
A large, slender hand palmed the alpha's jaw and his eyes met startled blue.
John wasn’t sure how long it was that they held to each other, but he didn’t care. Hours might have passed by and it all couldn’t matter a bit, because he was lost to the sensations — the warmth of two bodies pressed intimately together. The scent of both himself and Sherlock mingling in the air, saturating the room in the sweetness of an omega and the bitter sweetness of his mated alpha.
"No? Guess it was the dirty talk then."
“The alpha likes his omega?”
“I wanted this too.” Sherlock smiled softly and pressed his lips against his husband’s cheek, kissing him affectionately.
“Yes. Yeah, right, good. So you’ve got something to go on, then? Good luck with that.” John said and then turned again as he started to walk away again.
“Yes, John. Anywhere with you will be fine.” Sherlock agreed.
"Does that mean I succeeded with my dirty talk?" Sherlock bit off a laugh, palming his belly with satisfaction.
“Is this real? Are
"I'll be in touch." Sherlock called, and rushed out of the building, past the stares and whispers of officers filling the home.
much.” John’s words came out in a choked breathless confession that immediately softened the tension in Sherlock’s brow.
“Sherlock’s beta is apparently better than me.” John rasped, setting his cup down on the coffee table and burying his head in his hands.
"Right now, I want to feel your thick fingers in my omega hole. I want to soil your hand in my slick. Then I want the tip of your cock to plug my omega hole. I'm going to leak all over it. Make your cock reek of my slick. Just the tip though. I don't know if I could take the whole thing right now."
reasonable, if you accompany me. I only turn twelve once.” Sherlock baited.
“I just thought he chose his career instead of wanting to bond.”
“Where…” John began to ask.
“Please dear, don’t start this again. Your poor mother’s nerves wouldn’t be able to take it, not after the last time you sent Mycroft to hospital.”
John drew in a trembling deep breath unable to voice the confession he’d spent months trying to perfect and instead blurted something else he’d wanted to say for so very long.
When John was curled up on the sofa watching telly, Sherlock would seat himself beside him. Except when John was lying on the sofa, Sherlock would then raise John’s feet, sit down and rest the omega’s legs on his lap. Most times Sherlock’s hands would remain resting on John’s legs, sometimes lightly massaging. John would grin up at Sherlock before looking back at the television and the two would watch whatever was on, talking during the commercials and what Sherlock classified as a boring or inconsequential scene. Later, John would raise himself up and begin making dinner or Sherlock would order take out. They’d eat at the kitchen table or on the sofa watching a film.
"Good." Victor answered, satisfaction clear in his voice.
What did
"John..." Sherlock struggled to voice, holding the object in his hand, eyes wide with disbelief.
Sherlock set his mug in the sink and left John a note explaining he’d gone to the morgue and would be back soon.
John happily thought, bringing his legs in closer, bending them tight, his heels nearing his backside and lifted his pelvis helpfully, complete spread out and ready.
Sherlock said nothing. His tongue was immovable. He could only swallow audibly and exhale a trembling breath.
Mycroft gave a curt nod to his men and the agents immediately released him of their hold. Sherlock didn't bother meeting Mycroft's eyes as he rose from his chair and moved towards the door. But Sherlock's exit wasn't quick enough to run from the alpha's next words, an unwanted parting gift for Sherlock to mull over.
"I bought pups for our pups. It's Holmes tradition."
“What’s with that sour look? You’re forty for Christ’s sake! I know you want pups.”
"It bothers me that you can lie to me. That you could willingly bond, emotionally, with another omega. That omega being
"You're an alpha submissive, aren't you?"
Time stopped; the agonizing stabbing of his chest, the sickening churning of his stomach, however, did not.
John shut his eyes, shielding the view of his departing husband.
"Why didn't you say it?"
“I’ll just go downstairs and work up something for you to eat.” Mrs. Hudson mumbled on her way to the door, knowing it was unlikely Sherlock heard her as he had left to his mind palace already.
Sherlock knew Mycroft was right, but this was wrong. Sherlock grimaced as John slowly made his way towards him, trembling with fear, holding to his mother as if she was his lifeline. Sherlock wasn’t an aggressive alpha, he wasn’t a brute. He really wasn’t. Yet John treated him as if he were, keeping his eyes to the ground, never even trying to meet his gaze. Sherlock’s eyes softened, silently pleading with his omega to raise his head up, meet his kind eyes and know that Sherlock would cherish him.
"I noticed it the moment I scented you." Victor answered simply, though something he saw in John made him realize the alpha wasn't following.
Sometimes, John would hurriedly prepare himself in his room, before going to Sherlock’s. Then he’d rub his bare slicked up ass against Sherlock’s pelvis and moan out his name until the alpha woke. He’d unashamedly beg for his alpha to fill him up, to take him apart, and to ruin him for anyone else and Sherlock would growl a hungry snarl and he’d take him then. Sherlock would fuck John until he was left a trembling mess. After, John wouldn’t stay long. He’d rise from the bed, ignoring that needy look of the alpha and shakily stumble to his room. He’d bury his face deep in his pillow and muffle the pained keening of his beta in grief he couldn’t have more than this.
John couldn’t hide the pain that flashed in his eyes when Harry said ‘pups’. God, John wanted pups so badly. He wanted a family of his own, but that was never going to happen.
John couldn’t take that, not from Mycroft. Mycroft feeling sorry for him… God, John must be such a pathetic omega to be receiving consolation from his alpha’s brother.
When John stood less than a foot away from Sherlock, the alpha curved around him, leaning in close to the grab a hold of the left stirrup.
“John…” Sherlock began, swallowing thickly as if fraught to voice his next words.
Harry huffed, glared John down, and though she said nothing he knew she was thinking it and growled with annoyance.
Woodsy musk with the hint of mint. So soothing, Sherlock couldn't be blamed for burying his nose against the alpha's hard chest and clinging to his shirt. He'd do the same with any alpha, including Mycroft, so it really didn't mean much to cling to this alpha when alpha pheromones were drowning all his anxiety away.
“I… I… I should have listened to you when you’d called. I shouldn’t have left. If I’d stayed… You’d still...”
Sherlock stared with annoyance at the table before him, "Yes."
They called him a week later to let him know that, surprisingly, his intended supported his choice. In fact his intended encouraged John to continue for however long it was he wished and that when he finished they would marry then. John was surprised his intended had something to say. In all the years of his parents communicating with the other’s family, his intended never had anything to say. John felt a slight warmth claim him then, pride that someone understood his desire to want to fight for his country.
“Uh… I said that out loud?”
Seven precious lives, maybe more, lost by hate—John didn’t think he’d ever forget or stop grieving, but Sherlock had been right. In time John would be able to live again. John was sure it wouldn’t have happened if not for Sherlock being there for him. Without Sherlock’s comfort and love he’d have withered away into nothing.
John immediately tensed. The soldier in him wanted to attack Sherlock before the man laid a violent hand on him, but the omega in him wanted to submit to take his punishment. Conflicted on what to do, John raised his hands and shielded his face, preparing for the blow, eyes slamming back shut, breath caught in his chest as he continued to wait. The alpha was a liar. He’d defied him, rejected him, and denied his alpha what he had wanted. He was to be punished for it.
Mycroft made it to the omega wing and noticed two familiar figures standing in the waiting room: Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade.
"How am I to look at you?" John sounded helpless, nothing he could do pleased Sherlock or appeased him any.
Sherlock didn’t have to answer John. Not now. Sherlock had said more than enough. It was enough to break through the fog of self loathing and grief within John, enough to douse him with revelation.
The alpha stood against the front door, staring wide eyed at the two dogs currently sniffing his shoes.
John glanced over to Sherlock who didn’t bother validating the woman’s presence; he was too preoccupied staring at the large selection of baby bottles the store housed.
It suddenly dawned on John; Mrs. Holmes was so buoyant because she believed they’d consummated their marriage. John was eating like a starved man who’d drained himself of nourishment and they both looked as if they’d gone hours without sleep. True they’d spent most of the night awake, John refusing to sleep in the alpha’s hold, but he’d still somehow fallen asleep. Sherlock, however, looked as if he still hadn’t slept as of yet.
Sherlock thought of all the things he'd love to do with John as the alpha caught his breath and knew what he really wanted to try next.
“You do.”
“Stop saying that word.”
John inhaled a deep breath, held it for a long moment, and then released it as well as setting free his disinclination.
“I have a therapist already.” John graveled, knowing that Mycroft worked for the government and most likely already knew this.
Mary was his friend more than a wife and she accepted his desire to meet his true mate. If she could see the complete mess his true mate was, would she feel as much guilt for what they'd done to Sherlock? She might even rush the breaking of their bond, but John knew all the blame was his and he couldn't risk Mary taking on any of the guilt that was his alone. John was torn between helping Mary with their child and helping his mentally unstable true mate. The stress was overwhelming but he'd somehow have to endure it all.
“You know.” Sherlock stared back down the hall where John exited the bathroom in a rush then did an obscene hand gesture to imply…
“Please sign.” the doctor urged, there wasn’t much time left for Sherlock to hesitate much longer.
He transferred to college at fourteen, and Sherlock found the students to be incompetent and not worth the time to socialize with. He spent his college years studying and experimenting. Several years after graduating from college, he began solving cases for the NSY—though they didn’t ask for his assistance at first, they slowly sought his aide. They came to see his remarkable talents of deduction.
"That's true. He was a bad cabbie. Should have seen the route he took us to get here." Sherlock interjected, unsure as to why he was standing there talking lightly with the alpha.
“What?”
Dark blue scanned his features. Sherlock watched the once relaxed features of John's turn serious.
“That won’t be needed. I can do so on my own.” Sherlock cut in, because there was no way he’d allow John to touch him (removing his clothes) and allow him to see Sherlock in a way none, but his mother during his infancy had.
confront him.” John shook his head resolutely. He couldn’t bear it.
John’s endurance should have been longer—it had been when he’d pleasured himself—but something about having this new sensation, having Sherlock mouthing and sucking him with vigor, sent him over the edge in a matter of seconds. When he came this time, he wasn’t dissatisfied in the least: he felt appeased. Even though his fever raged, he felt far more aware of himself and his surroundings. The dizziness was still there, but less… nauseating, and John was able to find his words with much more ease, enough to make full comprehending sentences.
Even John thought Sherlock's reactions were extreme; he was still upset with the way Sherlock responded to Anderson. He'd only mentioned to Lestrade that they request Sherlock's consultations on cases that didn't require climbing stairs. It had taken Sherlock near fifteen minutes to climb three sets of stairs, and another five to catch his breath on that case. Sherlock thought it was perfectly in his rights to break one of the crime scene investigator's cameras over the man's head and send him to hospital with a concussion. John and Lestrade, seriously did not. Mycroft was called to smooth things over. Lestrade had sent them home. And Sherlock had sworn John had cut onions for their dinner, because his eyes might have been wet when John reprimanded him that night. But that same wetness had dissipated when John tucked him into bed and proceeded to stroke and kiss his gorging, heavily hanging belly, and told him he was the most beautiful omega he'd ever set eyes on.
Mycroft wouldn’t demean himself or his partner - if he had one - in such a way. There were still some monogamist alphas out there, but not as many as there ought to be. Mycroft’s sense of morality led him to believe that if someone expressed interest in another, they should have the decency to prove their admissions as truth.
Omegas presented between the ages of twelve to sixteen, these omegas were bound soon after they’d fully matured. As far as John knew the oldest reported omega to have presented was a twenty-eight year old woman, but she’d been slim of frame which explained why it’d taken her so long to present.
Spinning around, Sherlock registered the sharp sound of a slap before he'd realized he'd struck the alpha. His right palm tingled painfully, heating up rapidly, reddened by the sheer force of his strike.
“Sorry, I’m just…”
“I need to wake up early in the morning.” John sniped.
The phone was answered on the second ring.
Mycroft exhaled a heavy breath of frustration. John had done some wrong, but than again so had Sherlock. Still, Mycroft could hear the hurt in his brother's voice and knew that right now, doing what Sherlock wanted was for the best. It ensured his brother would live.
John watched Sherlock finish readying himself warily.
John’s other hand moved, the tips of his fingers massaging the wet bulb of his cock and at the sensitive underside, his other hand gripped more tightly to his shaft. Sherlock’s omega whimpered at the sight of it, praising the heftiness of his alpha’s knot as it steadily grew with each of John’s desperate touches.
"Sherlock,
John’s eyes snapped open and he gasped sharply as now Sherlock was leaning in close, their faces inches from one another.
How could John claim him and not bond with him? John couldn’t possibly think Sherlock would change his mind, as if he were some idiot who didn’t know themselves well enough to know what they wanted. Sherlock didn’t want sex. He didn’t want a physical relationship. That. Would. Not. Change.
John huffed a sad laugh. "For what? Sorry for the countless rejections? Or that you find my love for you repulsive? Maybe for the fact that I'm an alpha that only wants to possess you as my own, willing to force you into this marriage?"
John swallowed audibly and lowered his gaze to the table.
John knew he should be focusing on other parts of Sherlock’s declarations, but one struck out to him the most, far more than the rest.
“I—I’ll head over.” Sherlock rasped weakly.
John glanced away from Sherlock, and stared at the wall, feeling unexpectedly unsure. Though they hadn’t talked about it in full detail, John had thought because he hadn’t found the towel in the sock drawer that night, Sherlock discarded it, but apparently he was wrong.
John said nothing, only stared sorrowfully at Sherlock, leaning over and pressing his head in his hands once again.
"Mm."
"Pretty." John growled hungrily.
Sherlock.
"Hate you? Come now, he's mad and his omega has been suffering for the past two years. Can you blame him?"
Sherlock vowed.
"This... It was rather helpful, do you mind... If I... proceed with this habit throughout this stage of pregnancy for however long it will last?" Sherlock couldn't stop himself from asking, but it really didn't matter what John said, because his hormones would beat out any sense of logic and he knew it'd be futile for him to hold himself back from doing such.
"Yes."
?” Sherlock pondered.
“As long as you wish.”
Most days off, they’d lounge about the house. Sherlock would continue with his experimenting and John would ask about the current research he was performing. That usually started Sherlock on a long explanation that had the two in a heated discussion. Most of Sherlock’s experiments were fascinating and given enough time, John was sure Sherlock’s work would be appreciated by scientists across the world.
Gagging with the beginnings of it all, Sherlock sat straighter and aimed. As he chucked out the remaining contents of his dinner from Angelo's, John moved to kneel at his side, and lovingly pushed back the bangs that covered his eyes.
John’s eyes followed Mycroft line of vision and he was met by the sight of a quietly simmering Sherlock. Wearing the twin of his suit, but somehow Sherlock looked gorgeous in it and John just looked acceptable. The suit was cut to fit his lean frame agreeably, enhancing the narrowness of his waist and the leanness of his legs.
“Full time occupation I imagine.” Harry answered humorously, and after greeting John, he then turned to regard Sherlock. “You look taller in your photographs.”
Sherlock winced inwardly, hating that a part of himself was touched by this adulterous alpha.
, I want to see you touching yourself.”
"Talk to him. He can hear you. He likes to hide within his mind palace. He'll come out of it eventually."
His face, already damp with tears, became soaked further as more tears came and Sherlock whimpered pitifully. Gripping to John's arms in a desperate attempt to balance himself, Sherlock wept loudly, whining and blubbering in complete derision.
"I... I plan to. Only to clear things up."
“Good.”
John rolled his eyes, made his way to the kitchen and took a green apple from the fruit bowl, waving it in the air for emphasis before taking a vicious bite out of it.
“…because… it was you.”
John didn’t know if he liked Sherlock. Since that god-damned heat his mind was a complete mess.
"Doing so well." John cooed, hands sliding over narrow hips, stroking and calming the trembling he felt.
"We agreed this marriage was going to be one by name only and you went against that."
“There is nothing bothering me.”
“Lay back down.”
Sherlock laughed, unamused at John's apology. "It's a little too late for that... Strip. Take off everything and then assume this position again." Sherlock ordered.
to believe it could be true.
An omega drop was a serious matter. When an omega was in distress, when an omega was at their weakest, they’d experience a drop—a state of delirium, violence, and if they didn’t seek help immediately they’d die. These drops were usually after experiencing trauma or the death of their mate.
John retrieved one pillow at Sherlock’s side so he could set it under his omega’s left foot. John then proceeded to take extra care as not to hurt Sherlock while he removed his shoes. Rising off the bed, John quickly left the room and retrieved their first aid kit and an ice pack before making his way back to the bedroom.
John explained his reasoning, “You chose me to be with Sherlock because I was to birth him many children, now that I am unable to… you will need to find him a second.”
John had lied to save his sister and sure in certain ways, John had done right by Harry. But in so doing, he'd started their relationship based on a lie. A lie, if Sherlock was truly being honest with himself, did not have any grounds on why they fell in love. Sherlock had fallen in love with John's character, not the lie.
“You’ll always have me.” Sherlock whispered.
"Mm."
“I’m not quite sure. He did mention something about a case early this morning.”
John stumbled another step away from the alpha, fear and shame coloring his face as he raised a hand to his bond bite and cautiously touched the sensitive flesh. Regardless of his wish, tears formed in his eyes. He’d been claimed by his alpha, he was now owned and his alpha would take him on his heat and begin breeding him. John was no different than a bitch in a puppy mill.
“If you feel that it is time… I am more than willing.”
They spoke for a length about everything that really mattered, but John was sure to stay clear of anything in relation to Moriarty, and thankfully Sherlock didn’t want to speak on that matter either. When they’d finished their dinner, John encouraged Sherlock to shower and ready himself for bed while John took the time to clean up. It took far longer that John anticipated, and after he’d finished up, he made quick work with showering and readying himself for bed as well.
