…Oh, God, Steve wanted that.
“Fair enough” Steve nodded, taking two of the drinks. They were tall glasses, filled with what looked like orange juice. Steve took a little sniff of one of them, and wrinkled his nose. Not orange juice, then.
, something else rushed in to fill the void. A warm, light feeling, like floating on a calm ocean…
Oh, who was he kidding?
He forced himself to breathe out, and shook out his shoulders, flexing his fingers at his sides in a bid to disperse some of this energy - grinning the entire time. The low growl of tires on the unpaved driveway drew closer, before a bright sweep of light flooded the back wall and then died away. Steve could so clearly picture Tony stepping out of the car, straightening his jacket, looking up at the house…
I’m thinking about tomorrow, and then I am
changed, by that second kiss. Maybe that adorable, dazed joy had worn off, or his personal revelations had settled in by then-
And, immediately, Steve’s blood ran cold, his entire being seized with sharp, icy indignation-
to let that calm settle in, to fight against the wave of euphoria and comfort that he associated with that taste-
, and I think – I
Objectively, it didn’t look... normal.
he was somewhere trying to work it out, or if he was unnerved and disgusted by Tony now… the fact that it
When Tony glanced at him, Rhodey was wide eyed and sweating, his fingertips still digging into the upholstery like he was hanging on for dear life.
And then Steve felt a liquid shiver run over his fingers, as a single drop of blood burst under its own weight.
...Was there?
He wanted to ask if Tony loved him, if Tony was backing away from him,
And suddenly he realised what a challenge it was going to be.
Then it could’ve been more awful than it was – that was the ‘right’ answer, right? That’s what Captain America would think about this, that’s what he
Steve breathed a sigh, relieved that Tony’s stream of questions allowed him to stick to his script for a little while longer.
“But it’s easier to think what Captain America
But, for the first time in a long time,
...And probably not the thing to be thinking about right now.
Tony put the card down, and gave the bottle one final grin before he turned away.
The direct translation of which seemed to be ‘an abomination’ – which Tony had to admit, was a nice touch. There was something quite satisfying, vindicating even, to think there was once a whole group of people who would have seen Obie as nothing more than that…
“But my point is, that isn’t anyone else’s fault, and I know it isn’t, so you don’t put that on other people – I was raised on that, and most of the time I tried to stick with that, but then New York happened, and I met you, and… I don’t know. I was angry when I talked to you, which isn’t the same as you making me angry. And instead of pretending I wasn’t, I just… I don’t know, I don’t remember over thinking all that much when New York was happening, maybe I did… But I feel like that
And now Steve was worried that Tony might be seriously ill right now – but he couldn’t find the right way to ask him.
“I’m sorry,” Tony said immediately, throwing both hands up in surrender.
The uncomfortable awareness that he liked the idea of Steve being stoned and uninhibited. The undeniable fact that, in the first instance, it struck Tony as endearing and compelling and… exciting…
“Hm? Oh, yeah,” he assured her. “Always.”
let people help you, because you don’t want them to get hurt? Or, you don’t want them to get mixed up in things, or you don’t want to see them try and fail…”
Not that he dragged Tony very far – for one, he didn’t have the self-restraint. He wanted Tony
But, already, something about it was nagging at him…
before he could take Steve’s opinion into consideration. Before it would be fair to ask Steve what he wanted.
By now, he could appreciate the true scale of the tower - easily 200 storeys tall, and covering as much floor space as a warehouse. It was set in a concrete courtyard; a smooth, paved area that separated the building from the scorched grass, like a moat. To the right, there was another vast, asphalted space that looked as though it might’ve been a parking lot - except that it was entirely empty.
“Apparently,” Rhodey shrugged. “That Galileo lady said to meet up in the hotel lobby.”
“What kind of records?” He queried, nervously.
Now that he thought about it, he knew that Galileo had taken them on a walk through the city, from the sleek corporate building they’d apparently arrived at to their hotel. He had no idea how long the walk had been, or the route it had taken, because there were whole chunks of it where he’d completely zoned out…
And Tony simply waited, patiently, as Steve caught his breath, and gathered himself for the big finish.
He was vaguely aware of a constant background noise, which he didn’t even recognise as Pepper talking to him while she made the tea. It was like the world was closing in on him with every passing second, his ribs tightening around his lungs, his vision clouding at the edges, his muscles tensing inward in a desperate urge to-
about it, that he was picturing it all with a sense of longing rather than flinching away from an awful thought. He
He’d have done it anyway. He
“Jesus Bucky,” Steve cut in. “What the hell? Why are you saying any of this stuff?”
Tony heard himself murmur a soft little
...Tony
Tony arrived back at the room a few hours later, looking every bit as tired as Steve felt.
… And with that came the heavily filtered memory of Bucky, standing on a raised platform in a garden, singing
Then Steve could accept that he
“I feel like I haven’t woken up yet,” he replied, after a moment.
He couldn’t
“Come on” Tony whispered, finally sitting up. “Let’s go home.”
” Tony scoffed, with a pretend-superior shake of his head. “That was
The nights were short in Iceland at this time of year.
Tony blinked.
bad,” she clarified, gesturing
Freddie bowed his head and then backed away from the group.
He certainly liked that he and Tony weren’t fighting.
He could
Steve sighed, and turned off the water, and prepared to chide himself,
, okay? It’s going to be okay.” And he waited for Bucky to nod at him, somewhat numb, before he looked over at Steve. “Okay, I have a bio-engineering kit, in the cabinet by the sink over there.” He pointed to the left of the workshop-
“Oh, why’s that?” Steve asked in an exaggerated, teasing tone.
But then, just as his thumb was hovering over the call button, a sterner internal voice managed to get his attention.
“This has nothing to do with…that?”
night, or during those weeks he held Tony captive to his shame – or even if they were things Tony stumbled upon in his
comprehensive escape plan,” Steve added. “These guys are
“What do you mean, there’s a human truth serum?”
...Okay, so everything was still a little fuzzy.
close against Tony’s throat…
For so long, Steve had blindly accepted a certain definition of these things… That selfish and human were basically interchangeable. That any slip in his constant efforts would be a failing of some kind.
Which did at least pre-empt Tony’s final question about whether his head felt fuzzy.
that Bucky did it… And I had no proof, and no answers for you…”
“Well… There’s the
...But he
As a matter of fact, he wasn’t even sure he had ‘a plan’ - he certainly didn’t remember making one.
“Steve-
It was harder to stop himself, when he couldn’t assure himself that he was making it up or misinterpreting it or that there was simply no way to deal with it…
“Yeah, but can you remember what the mission
But, apparently, this was one of them. Who knew.
He immediately felt more exposed – more
At last, Tony heard some actual words in his head.
“To do what?” Zan asked, sleepily.
The gentle, earnest whisper,
He left Steve fixed under his last command and stepped off of the bed to finish undressing, watching Steve pant and writhe under his gaze the entire time. And then Tony reached over to grab the bottle of lube that was already waiting on one of the bedside tables – along with ice, and bottled water, and anything else that he’d thought Steve might conceivably need tonight.
God, he loved that Steve was
Tony couldn’t even remember
...And then Sam followed him.
long before I started, I don’t think… And Adam changed it, to make it a human resort, sure, but it’s still
His first breath of that heartbreakingly familiar air was nearly enough to floor him. The nostalgia of it was so thick he could physically feel it, pumping through his veins and flooding his lungs, sliding down the back of his throat. His knees started to tremble. His vision started to fade. Involuntarily, he slid to sit in the rotten wooden bench that stood by the entrance to the graveyard - which did absolutely nothing to help, because
Stroking his hands along Tony’s ribs, and pulling him tight against his chest-
, it was so much – and not enough.
“Do we have a situation?” Steve asked automatically, as he stepped away from the punching bag.
And he still wasn’t sure how his thoughts would shift, in time.
“Tony, okay, I need you to take a deep breath, and just give me one minute to explain what’s going on in your head,” Pepper elucidated.  “Just one minute. Tell me why you think Steve is in trouble.”
“Why is what you drink so bad?” Steve frowned, before he could think to stop himself. A defensive impulse, really. An immediate sense of injustice that Tony should settle for anything less than the best, an instinct to right that for him.
Because, just for once, there hadn’t been a little part of Steve already braced for
The thing that the myth of Captain America had taken from him, more fundamental even than ‘I’m sorry’, or ‘I need help’.
points were there just under the surface-
words, special words – words that had been reserved for Tony, because he deserved words of his own. “You are
to escape.
“...And because I thought you’d hate Bucky, or try to stop me finding him… because I didn’t want to lose you - all sorts of stupid, cowardly reasons that I really am so, so sorry for…”
“Well, we all know SHIELD are assholes, and that’s why we’re actually here, isn’t it?” He huffed, gesturing pointedly to the data case. And of course Steve simply nodded and settled back into his listening position… Which was starting to grate on Tony slightly less, now that he at least expected that baffling reaction.
And then there was that more present fear that Steve had inspired in him. The unarticulated terror of what would happen if Tony let Steve see this side of him. The fear of
And a light-headedness… a dizziness he could
by it…
“I think so.” Steve nodded. “I mean, she looked
“Sorry, nothing…” And then, when he recognised that Tony wasn’t going to let him get away with that, “I just mean…they
that beauty and brilliance and bravery that he could never put into words…
“Oh fuck Tony,” Steve breathed, as that heat ground through his hips, “Oh, Tony, ple-
Steve looked at them both for a second. Somewhere, in the very back of his head, the memory echoed,
so much to tell Steve anyway, to reach out, and-
So, his horrible burn already completely forgotten, Tony poured himself a cup of coffee and went to sit on the couch. As he walked, he looked around at the chaos in his workshop – fragments from ten different armoured suits, in various stages of completion, arranged on every available surface.
Finally, something was
But, after a while – and two cups of coffee – he did start to feel slightly more human. He began to appreciate the effects of a good night’s sleep, to recognise that he was at least less tense and tired than he had been the day before. That was something.
Tony caught up with Maribelle a few seconds after Steve reached her – in time to catch him say.
He could deal with those.
And, as usual in those circumstances, it came out as a misplaced attempt at humour.
But Jesus, taking a truth serum in front of Tony Stark was literally his worst nightmare.
you're sorry. So. Point number one, I’m sorry for that”
“Speaking of which,” Nat piped in brightly, leaning forward, “have you looked in the closets?”
people make – is to compare things to what they knew
onto his back-
“And, when you’ve spoken to Franciszek you just use it to send him straight to earth, right?” She clarified, carefully.
, Tony, more than I can tell you…” Steve sighed, taking Tony’s hand and tugging him closer. “I never thought I’d have anyone who cared about me like this - especially not someone as wonderful as you…” He watched Tony take a deep breath, his lips pursing like he was about to say something… And then Tony gave his head a little shake, and tilted his head up to kiss Steve instead-
And so… free?
He mocked himself in a silly, frivolous voice, “I don’t know, in hindsight that seems kinda… tone deaf, and insensitive….”
Because he liked it.
Steve, he’d known him for seven years – and the only thing about him that had never made sense was the thing Tony had made up. The only confusion that Tony had ever felt was trying to reconcile Steve as he found him, with the facts Tony had decided
to end up curled in a ball, hating himself…
safe. He’d started thinking that maybe he just didn’t do enough about it, that his interest in the Avengers should really be more than the hobby he’d made it into – that he should stop congratulating himself for the tech he’d already ‘gifted’ them, and think a bit harder about what more he could do…
In this moment, his mind focused by that scent, his entire body flooded by this all-consuming adoration for Steve… Tony knew exactly what this really was.
So, Steve walked out into the workshop, a step behind Bucky,
And Tony’s voice cracked.
– now, was just…
He let his jacket slide over his shoulders and into a puddle on the bedroom floor. And then he sat on the edge of the bed, and kicked his shoes off… and absentmindedly ran his palms over the sheets…
And, instantly, his mind picked out the central theme from all the noise. Like some overarching instinct had decided that Steve’s fears about this party and his feelings for Tony and his crisis of self were all peripheral concerns. Something just blocked it all out, and arranged what was left into a plan.
that he had ‘
He was terribly ashamed for playing the victim in all of this.
He knew, because he
“Like I was trying
Someone he
And he’d felt the need to dismiss every one of Tony’s questions or objections before he even thought if they were reasonable - he’d resisted thinking about whether they were reasonable, actually, because he was far too focused on winning the argument…
He wanted
But he’d never imagined that it’d come out like…
He would
did you…?” Tony pointed back towards the landing pad, a thousand feet above a busy New York street.
. And kissed him again, slow, and soft, and warm…
been nervous then. This whole thing made him incredibly…uncomfortable. And he didn’t really want to think about why.
to save…”
He turned in time to see Tony emerge from the bedroom, barefooted, last night's clothes now endearingly creased…
A big part of this mood was simply the thought of having someone of his own, having something go right for once, having something to look forward to-
, that he could feel sliding its way into his blood…
with laughter -
“What?” Bucky asked, innocently.
He would’ve said it.
It was so powerful that his legs literally weakened, and he was forced to sink inelegantly to the floor. His heart started racing in his ears, his breaths coming higher and faster as he recognised what Steve had
this.
It hit differently, now.
about anything of substance, and hadn’t told him much about Steve, and was hardly enough to catch Tony up on the decades of social interaction he’d missed – still, Tony just felt like it would be like that again. That Steve was easy to talk to. That Tony
“What do you need?” She asked, eventually.
It was a truly surreal moment of clarity.
...Didn’t it?
You couldn’t take joy in finding the solution to all of your problems without acknowledging the problems, after all.
“Sir? I have an update on Sergeant Barnes’ condition.” JARVIS announced coolly, jarring Steve out of his train of thought.
,” Rhodey answered – taking Zan’s hand to help her step down onto planet Earth. “But-”
“You still with me, Steve?” Tony smiled, after a few moments.
And then he glanced up, and their eyes met, both of them washed through with such open love and joy that the words fell away, redundant.
It was only when he was actually looking at it that Tony realised how deeply he’d wanted
, if Tony loved him this much, he should care about ‘letting him win’, why he’d
He was going to say,
Steve’s spine snapped straight, his ribs closing tight around his lungs-
, it became something else entirely…
There wasn’t even the slightest pang of guilt when she flinched at his lie.
“Okay,” Steve exhaled. “Well, the shortest version of the story is that SHIELD found me at the end of 2011. Today, as a matter of fact. And then, after that, I lived for over ten years in the 21st Century, until 2023, when you made time travel possible-”
that Tony had considered when writing this plan. He’d listed all the risks they had to be aware of, all the approaches that wouldn’t work and why, all the information he’d managed to gather about this task, and where it came from, and why he could be sure of it… But, as yet, he’d not gotten to the actual plan itself.
He had a list.
He’d kill anyone who tried to hurt Steve.
nice to hear Tony say all the right things at the start-
Up until right now, Nat had never quite fit into any of that.
– he just didn’t answer his phone. Which is probably because he’s in a meeting…” Pepper explained. And then her frown deepened again. “And why would calling Steve Rogers
“It’s not, actually,” Tony corrected, carefully watching Wesley’s facial expressions. “You started out as a legitimate photojournalist in DC. Then you slid into selling compromising pictures of politicos to the tabloids. But you’ve never been a celebrity pap.”
Tony found himself nodding, even though Rhodey obviously couldn’t see him.
“Remind me again where I left you?” Tony huffed, self-consciously.
be confused, and anxious and unnerved by, at least. It felt like something that he should think very seriously about.
, terrified.
Even before he became Captain America, he still hadn’t had the option of running away with his emotions. To be perfectly fair… no one did, back then. Teenagers had only just been invented when Steve became one, and they came in one of two types: the good kids, and the bad kids. Adults didn’t
But with Steve…
Because any time he found himself feeling uneasy about his lack of control, or anxious about all the unknowns, he’d remember just how much better things turned out when he allowed himself to deal with things as they happened.
“Yeah,” Steve whispered, before he could stop himself –
Was an entirely different revelation, to
“You know, for a guy you don’t like that much…You talk about him a lot.”
Tony was beautiful, and unique, and…
He did remember so many of the moments they had shared, the times they had relied on one another, the things they had achieved… Things that would still be gone forever, even after he met another version of her.
There was a muted thud under Steve’s rib cage, a jarring transition back into reality-
It wasn’t just remembering; it was like being back there. Tony could literally smell the butter, he could hear the hum of the air conditioner.
But he couldn’t speak.
He could so clearly picture Bucky’s face… And, with it, all the stories that Steve had shared about him, and that warmth that Tony associated with him now, and that desperate pang of injustice at what was happening to him
...Somewhere Tony would be.
...Was it worse to hope that Steve
He was still so confused and scared about what this might mean to
don’t-”
“Yeah, sure,” Tony surrendered. He heard Steve let go of a heavy breath… relieved.
Steve’s sobs came even harder then, and deeper… but…broader, slower… more
upset me, by telling me. You can’t start feeling responsible for everyone’s reactions to everything you say…” And Tony could sort of see Steve talking a step back into his head as he was speaking, drifting into a deeper meaning as he carried on, “you can’t start feeling responsible for the hurt people experience as a consequence of their own actions. Especially if the only answer is to take that hurt on yourself…” And then, just as Tony was about to interrupt with a quip about an unrequested therapy session, Steve seemed to snap himself back to the point. He gave his head a little shake, and flashed a self-conscious smile before he finished, “
Which felt like the most natural thing in the world, and the most perverse thing in the world, all at once.
Steve tried to follow the instructions very seriously, thinking it might help to balance out the dizziness. Trying his best to focus on what Tony was saying, knowing that it was clearly something
at me when I talk-”
told him-
Steve smiled at the observation, his brain sluggishly waking up enough to recognise the harmless silliness of it. He gave his leg a shake, letting his clothes fall over the edge of the bed with a soft
Steve would never really be able to make this apology to Tony, because it would never really mean anything to him. This Tony could never really understand what happened, or have his say on it… or forgive it.
He had things he couldn’t say in front of other people, too.
going to be on file here.”
to start working this out. That this just ‘something that had happened’, or ‘a lot that was going on, right now’. This wasn’t something he was going to get over or get used to. Something was
him to come home.
So, no, it wasn’t
Tony could at least
Steve had to stop there, before the tremble in his voice got the better of him.
“It’s fine, really. It’s what we do.” She beamed, and then gave a little nod “Enjoy your evening.” And she left.
That he had to give Steve time to process this.
Just thinking like a person who had a date, forgetting to add the caveats and the cautions and the comparisons to other lives. All the things he’d been panicking about all afternoon must’ve just slipped away while he wasn’t looking. All those life-long concerns just sort of… fell asleep. Suddenly, Tony simply wasn’t thinking about them, and was quite relaxed about the fact that he wasn’t thinking about them, calmly filing them away for a later date like he used to with ‘grown up decisions’ when he was a teenager.
“I have
His lips were stained a rich claret red, slightly swollen, pursed into the promise of a smile.
“I think I’ve seen your lover, in one of the ground floor rooms.” She nodded – and Tony winced so hard it hurt his eyeballs.
“No,” Tony answered, easily. “But, I suppose I might’ve done, if things had worked out differently - and, like I say, it’s not like I gave a lot of thought to how things were going to work out from there, so I suppose it was mostly luck… But then, on the other hand… I never really think about what life would be like if I had to have a
didn’t really know what it meant. But Nick would at least understand if he saw a bloodstain on the coffee table, or a medical bag in the trash…
He’d spent a lot of time
And then the first trickle of blood hit the tip of Tony’s tongue-
Just that.
“No,” Tony answered, with a stoic shake of his head. “Once we’re done removing all the neurological damage they did, and fixing the shit they did to your body, you’re still going to have to deal with everything they
...like you, or, want to stand up for you, or… Or why, sometimes it just feels… I don’t know, like I could
this desire to express their love that way.
And Tony brought the bag to his lips, letting his teeth rest on the surface for just a second… letting himself feel Steve’s blood waiting there for him…
But he could still hear the words in his head, a stream of forbidden thoughts shaken free by the force of this, bursting through the pressure he’d always felt to keep them in-
Jesse for that. All the pain and outrage that came with that horrible mental image-
Tony felt that one.
Steve hit the bag even harder, with a force he could feel reverberating up his arm. And then again, and then again-
“Mostly,” he said, darkly. And then, when Stape raised his eyebrows in a questioning gesture, Steve clarified, “you said your employers
Tony heard the little thud, as the dead weight of Steve hit the bed. He knew that Steve would be asleep within a minute… And he told himself that was a good thing.
But he couldn’t correct any of that.
And for… however long, he didn’t know, Tony got to just lie there in Steve’s arms, sharing those lazy, messy kisses and smiling at him stupidly and carelessly touching his skin…
scared of anyone finding out what had happened here. He wasn’t anxious about it, or guilty, or even confused.
Steve’s expression flash with panicked elation, then soften into an overwhelmed happiness, and then relax into a pure, unashamed bliss-
have beautiful thighs…” before he shuffled back, and dropped his head, and sucked a slow, deep kiss to the sensitive skin on the inside of Steve’s leg.
to do with how rich and powerful it would make you, if you could recreate the serum?”
And then it occurred to him to wonder whether that was the right answer…
Tony for anything-
, if they did that… then we might not need two whole weeks after all. I think I could build quite a bit of leverage from there…” He trailed off into his own thoughts again, still unfolding all the details, growing increasingly confident with each one.
the expression on Steve’s face. He could
He dropped his head and pressed his lips against Steve’s skin, Steve’s whole body tensing urgently in Tony’s hands as he traced his tongue over the vein…
Out of his mind
Steve had spent that time sitting rigid at his desk, waiting in vain for the dizziness to pass, flinching between one impulse and the other.
That it somehow fit into Tony’s theory about her having an agenda…
“Bruce's room, I think,” Sam answered. “Nat was doing that lullaby thing-”
going to find out what this ‘special project’ is, and get these people off of your planet – here, hold this” He told her, taking a USB stick out of his pocket and placing it in her hand.
He roared again, the gauntlet raised to where the shot had come from, his other hand covering the wound that was already bleeding through his shirt.
Calmer than he probably should.
Who’d have thought?
what Tony was doing…
He would’ve told Steve exactly how much he adored him, and pledged his eternal, undying loyalty, and confessed every delirious impulse he’d had since they met - and any other thought that occurred to him.
“Nick made it sound like the computers just did the same thing but quicker.” Steve mused.
If Tony could just bring himself to shake Bucky’s hand, and declare the project a success, and make it clear than neither of them ever
parts of our relationship”
mistakes – didn’t make what Steve did right. It didn’t mean that Steve didn’t have to apologise, or that Tony couldn’t expect Steve to feel bad for what he’d done…
And then, when his mind started to wander, he just let it.
But that didn’t mean he regretted telling the truth.
Or…he
“I know.” Tony cut him off with a gentle smile. “But, I also know… that I put so much thought into the thing at that airport. I
Steve’s breath caught, as Tony stroked a hand down over his waist, caressing more firmly over the curve of his ass.
that Tony would pay attention, and think of everything, and be very careful.
He could feel it building under his skin, like every beat of his heart was filling him up-
And a vague assurance that Tony would help them if they needed it, which had actually been the most difficult part. He’d thought about writing ‘
high - as distinct from the inebriation he’d fallen into later in the evening - had actually been reasonably clear headed, and calm. Comfortable…
“...Beautiful,” Steve breathed, as he traced a reverential touch over the edge of it, his eyes widening like he was trying to take in the night sky.
“Yeah –
“Yeah - there was a big… like a country estate, really near to where we landed, called Rossinhol - I remember thinking it was weird, because it sounded French rather than German…” And then Steve saw that Tony was still thinking about it, and raised an eyebrow in question.
“Okay, I’m going to have to ask you to try and stay
“Oh, it’s called
But he just knew that this was going to be something important, something
He was either terrified or furious – and neither were good qualities in someone holding a gun.
...And, anyway, he didn’t know that this wasn’t a random project name, or an official term like all the others.
Always as a compromise, always ‘happy enough’
would have made Tony bite him, if he wasn’t sure that it was really best for him…
Somewhere at the back of Tony’s head, it occurred to him…
It felt like a physical release, rather than an emotional breakdown. There was a purity to the catharsis of it, a simplicity to it…
“So, I guess my first question is… What makes you so sure this isn’t a bad idea?” Tony asked him.
And then he tried once again to distract himself with an examination of the house.
“Flowers,” Rhodey corrected.
“It’s for special occasions.” The little girl replied, earnestly. “Our parents have to work very nearly all the time, so when they don’t have to work, it has to be very extra special, and that’s what it’s for. Except, now you came, they don’t have to work very nearly all the time anymore. So. You can have this.” And the little girl glanced back over her shoulder, hopeful and enquiring… and Tony followed her gaze to where a group of adult Varians were huddled, teary-eyed and overwhelmed…
Tony felt Steve’s thighs tense up against him, rocking up in shorter and sharper motions as Tony kissed him deeper.
If Steve could have known at the time that there was nothing more to be done, if he could have accepted this and just-
call Steve right now, all he could actually think of saying was
personal conversation, for all sorts of reasons-
…Was Tony actually playing with his hair, or had he dreamed that?
“Tony…” Steve breathed, his eyes dropping to Tony’s mouth as he leaned closer.
He aimed a powerful jab into the bag, the shock reverberating up his arm in a not-unpleasant way.
Tony had to break the kiss to gasp for air, his fingers still curled into the fabric of Steve’s jacket.
to have – simply because Tony hadn’t come to the same conclusion yet.
And Tony just let his thoughts drift, the same way he might have on a lazy Sunday morning. With no particular focus, no plan for where it was going, no endgame…
Steve had been sure to chasten himself appropriately for ever saying he
And none of that was causing the queasy stomach-ache anyway.
“Oh, fuck Steve, yes,” Tony moaned, letting his head fall forward as he tried to push back against Steve’s hand.
, and now I… Just the thought that I let you down like
He knew he’d reached the point where it was just too painful to keep it in.
louder. “I’m not sure I could defend that as a criteria for whether something is…
to pass. And in that time, Steve had run the full gauntlet of human emotions, in no particular order. He’d been nervous. He’d been excited. He’d been resentful and grateful and generically overwhelmed. Mostly, he’d been incredulous that it
he called Steve to say no, this morning? Had he been lying to himself, this whole time? Was there ever really any chance of him resisting a temptation like this…?
“On the upside, I’ve had a lot of really boring meetings to sit in and think about what we’re doing here,” he announced, gesturing to the data-case he had tucked under his arm.
feel like this –
going to be hurt when he learned the truth about his parents, however carefully Steve broke the news.
“What’re you smiling at?” Tony grinned, not even taking his eyes off of the little vial he was holding.
Steve groaned softly, and let his head fall back… His neck ached in a muted protest, and he realised he’d been sitting in the same position for far too long. He decided he would take a break before he began an entirely new mental challenge. He’d go and get something to eat before he confronted his strange new obsession with Stark.
But he wasn’t hungry.
…And, how about that, it was actually true.
...Can't say.
They’d even talked about sex – their experiences, and their opinions, and their casual observations about the way the world seemed to work. The things that Steve had avoided thinking about for years, things he assumed he didn’t have the words for, things he didn’t know he thought. Things he’d found himself listening back to in the days since, elated and excited to discover that it was all still true. That he’d not just
And there couldn’t have been more pleasure and excitement and
and… I don’t know, all this ‘show your feelings’ stuff, and ‘say what you’re thinking at the time’ and ‘be honest with people’ is probably okay if you aren’t a complete nervous wreck
Steve swallowed hard, a hot, salty taste coating his tongue.
He was just felt
Steve felt very exposed all of a sudden. A hot blush ran up his neck, making it harder to swallow. And then he glanced back at Bucky, who threw his arms out and sighed,
strike him as odd, under the circumstances. Unfortunately, Steve wasn’t up to concentrating on more than one thing at a time yet, so he was forced to let it go-
Steve looked up, to see Rhodey, Nat, Clint, Bruce and Nebula staring at them, through a gap in time and space. He could hear Rocket, somewhere off to the left of the portal, demanding to know what was going on, and Quill telling him to shut up.
, now, what it is
Like nothing he’d ever felt before, actually.
He took his time, kissing all the way along the column of Steve’s throat, from the back of his ear down to the curve of his shoulder. Steve moaned and whined, clawing at him and grinding against him, adding a low roll of friction to all the sensations flooding through him.
Tony didn’t know how long he’d stood in the hallway, letting these thoughts drift through his head. But, at some point, they’d started to take a shape…
He grabbed the lube from his pocket-
It was 3:42am the following day – or, technically, the day after – and Steve was lying on top of the covers on his bed, still fully dressed, staring at the ceiling.
“What are
better, for having said them.
partly that.
And then he looked directly at Steve again, for the first time since he’d walked into the room.
thought about taking the easy way out, or letting someone else take the fall. I never once set out to be spiteful, not out of jealousy, not out of anger, not for revenge, not
And then he happened to glance at his desk…
But Tony just carried on smiling at him, in that way that made Steve feel pleasantly weak.
, when he read those letters…
about it,” he answered, in a dark tone of voice.
He wondered what Howard would make of the Quantum Suit.
. He couldn’t-
mean he didn’t like you, thinking about it…”
“We should probably go to bed,” he suggested, in a playful tone of voice.
reasons for it. He’d spent three days asking himself if it was only that he missed Tony so much, or simply because he felt so guilty over how he’d left things between them, or if it was just because he kept agonising over whether to call him or not-
Steve to want this, he wanted to do what Steve wanted
Which had slowly developed into the
had everything all wrong.
It was
Confident enough to have stopped worrying who might see them, as he strolled up to a control panel next to one of the machines…
considerations, thinking that would be less painful, somehow.
“And I have this for you.” Zan added quickly, already thrusting her hand into her pocket to retrieve a little spray bottle, like a miniature perfume dispenser. She brandished it at Tony, eagerly, like her desire to get out of the room was growing the closer she got to the end of this.
Maybe it was all of them-
, pushing his whole weight against Steve’s chest and grabbing at his wrist.
How to get out of it.
to act on it.
Steve let the heady strangeness of it wash over him; the power there was in surrendering, the liberation of total submission. The softness of Tony’s lips and the warmth of his mouth and the taste of him, all part of the same charged sensation. And then Tony broke away again, and Steve heard himself let go of a small, urgent whine.
A deep, dragging sensation, right through his hips-
of Tony Stark, wild with desperation for him, about to-
That one wasn’t going away.
Steve had found that his interest stirred gently when he went through those files the first time. There was a genuine curiosity about the stories that those facts obscured, a real and immediate reaction to some of their revelations… Actual thoughts and personal feelings, which were hard for him to fish out of the numb trauma of his mind, these days.
“I don’t even know why I’m laughing,” he conceded. “That was the most –
It wasn’t intended to hurt, to break the skin. Apparently, even at the mercy of an impulse this powerful, even at this deep and fundamental a level – Tony didn’t want that. There was no aggression in any of this, no buried resentment, no fantasy about redressing the balance or making Steve pay… not anymore, at least. There was
A feral scream lodged itself in Steve’s throat, his jaw shaking with the effort of containing it. His vision faded; his hearing drowned out by the beating of his heart. His cock throbbed, a tight pain pulsing in his balls, his mind a constant, panicked siren,
But the floor didn’t roll from underneath him this time.
he’d talked to her, and the way he’d slotted her out of the situation, and the confusion she would’ve felt at his behaviour… and, really, those were all things that he should have fixed a long time ago. Things that wouldn’t have happened, if Tony had let her be a
“Hm,” Tony mused, pausing to think for a second. “Okay, you know what, just… just wait there a minute…”
“And this is
“Because you are
“It’s just… Okay, so, honestly, at some point, you and I should probably talk about, you know, politics, and… The Accords, and regulation and everything…” Tony began, more thoughtful than cautious. “And there’s probably a lot of that we’d still disagree on, and things I wouldn’t apologise for thinking, or saying – views I still have… But I
Tony didn’t know much about the Tesseract, scientifically speaking. But he knew enough to immediately recognise the whole new level of
He sighed, already looking over at the stack of spares that was always waiting for him in the corner of the gym. He knew he should just walk over and get one. That he should move right onto the next thing, think
have given himself some time with that, on any other night.
Everything felt…
take advantage of this situation – take advantage of Tony. And if Steve really couldn’t trust himself to make as much effort as possible, if there was even the slightest chance he’d… then he’d have to step back.
Tony let go of a heavy, trembling breath, a pleasant tearfulness flushing his face as he tried to decide which part of that to swoon over first.
be Captain America… There was no fight he could be sure about. He knew all that, and yet he did this anyway –
“No, it isn’t,” Tony interrupted, his voice sincere and slightly tearful. Steve glanced up, and their eyes met.
He knew that he should be pleased this mission wasn’t being corrupted by all that. It was too important. It wasn’t about the things he’d like to say to Tony.
it was all a bad idea, something he should have stopped to think about when everything changed… Well, he’d sort of forgotten what ‘reason’ was, right now. So, that would simply have to wait.
There were suddenly all these unconnected ideas in his head. Thoughts he just knew were important, that would all thread together into the same epiphany, if he gave it a moment…
“We’re talking about a lot of people,” Tony mocked back. And then softened into something more sincere. “...But I might get it more than you think.”
Steve let his head loll to the side, a giddy smile washing over his face as he all but lost himself entirely…
Tony didn’t even know if he’d thought it or said it out loud. But then Steve opened his eyes, those impossibly long eyelashes fluttering for a second before he was able to focus on Tony’s face-
…Was he still angry, that Steve had gotten it wrong…?
It was just that he wasn’t
“So, okay, there
reason to rob him of this most heartfelt desire…
And he hated Steve. He hated Steve for not being sorry – for not even giving Tony an excuse to forgive him. He hated Steve for
And then Steve gasped, his eyes flashing briefly with something like anxiety, his forehead still pressed to Tony’s and trying to mouth a silent question…
Tony actually giggled. He just didn’t know what else to do with all this joy. And Steve glanced down at him, his eyes still soft and heavy, that wry, questioning look that Tony had seen on his face so many times…
A low heat curled, pulling a tightness through Tony’s skin.
An enlightenment that was clearer and more reassuring than any of the others - maybe more than any other thought he’d ever had.
“Yes, yes-” Steve panted – cutting himself off with a high-pitched whine as Tony took his hand away.
He wanted to tell Tony that it was amazing that he just knew the stars like that, that he’d have liked to talk to him about it.
“...Does he know I’m here?” Steve asked, carefully.
The was nothing other than this feeling-
?” Tony cut in, flabbergasted that Rhodey was missing the important - and hilarious - part of this.
But, even so, he really wanted to laugh.
And then, out of nowhere, one of the Rousseaus appeared at his shoulder, and barked a cheery hello.
“So, is slavery normal on Anni-Vara?”
“Yeah, I’ll be up in a minute.” Tony nodded, brusquely, already heading over to the little kitchenette area in the corner of the workshop.
– through the darkness… the unmistakable sound and rhythm of sex, all around them… none of it as exciting as the sweep of Tony’s thumb over the back of his hand…
“It’s a
“Or, I don’t know if maybe things
Did he actually
That he’d just casually accepted that there
He paused, and looked at Tony expectantly.
Immediately, his hand was wrapped around one of the little sachets in his pocket. He remembered there was a reason he’d been reluctant to take this… but he had no hope of remembering what it was. And he’d used all of his cognitive capacity having this idea in the first place. He wasn’t able to analyse it.
doing anything right now…” Tony answered, over a sudden surge of nervous elation.
Okay, but the fear that Tony would find out he loved him-
think he’d had some good and important points. Some of which he was already glad he’d said out loud, however this worked out.
try not to do that…”
Tony bit his lip, a different sort of discomfort fizzing up in his skull. Without realising it, he’d slipped from a shapeless emotional spiral into an irritating internal debate with himself-
Tony put his mug down on the coffee table in front of him with a petulant bang, and let his head fall into his hands. There was nothing to do now but let this one hit him.
“We’re not here to start trouble, Wesley,” Tony assured him, following Steve at a more leisurely pace. “We’ve just got a few perfectly routine questions, about an investigation that doesn’t have to concern you, and if you answer them like a reasonable person, then we’ll be on our way and you’ll never have to think about either of us again, okay?”
For a while they laid there in comfortable silence, Tony tracing light touches over Steve’s stomach while Steve played with his hair…
Maybe Steve would’ve let himself recognise and follow this
And confused, and frightened, because there was nothing he could do about any of it.
For the first time since he first walked into this workshop, Steve felt himself relax a little.
The way he refused to choose which thing to be confused by, or interested in - the way he never demanded Steve make the story smaller, and instead just challenged the next part of it.
the BBQ.
“Yeah,” Bucky nodded.
And now it looked as though they were going to spend the next ten days struggling to make eye contact.
from this – a feeling of reckoning, brewing somewhere over the horizon…
He wanted to be overpowered and consumed and claimed by him.
Grinning now, Steve popped the pill into his mouth and swallowed it - allowing himself to drift into the calm that followed.
to indulge in this feeling for a just little longer…
the people who did this to me – or they’re on speaking terms with them, at least. That ‘evil organisation’, the one you’d have stopped if you’d been there at the time?” And he left a beat, for emphasis. “They didn’t tell they’re underlings what they were really up to, either.”
They didn’t say much to one another for the first ten minutes of the journey, all of them too focused on pushing through the discomfort, and scanning the bleached out landscape for any sign of life. It wasn’t until they were close enough to pick out the details of the main entrance that Bucky enquired, breathlessly,
“We have a three-part Showcase planned,” he explained, hurriedly. “Themed around the opposite forces that are at work within the Avengers - the light and the dark,” he gestured - pointedly - between Steve and Tony, and repeated the movement as he continued, “the chaos and order, the reckless genius and the consistent goodness.”
“Hi. I’m Steve.” He smiled, just to over Tony shoulder – and, oh yeah, there was someone else in the room…
thing to a working truth serum there is. And Scott, or one of his friends, gave it to
“Yeah, okay,” Tony shook himself to attention, subconsciously raising a finger in a
His eyes rushed on to the block of text beneath it, taking it in at a sweep-
Things that were just nice about him.
He glanced at Steve again, and saw Steve thinking the same thing he was – they’d got what they came for. They knew
“That raid you guys went on, when you first found Loki’s sceptre,” he explained, cold and resigned, “she put a vision in Tony’s head of the end of the world, everyone dead except you - you were dying. You told Tony that he could’ve saved everyone, and asked why he didn’t do more, and then you died in his arms. She made him see that and then she let him take the mind stone. It was the beginning of the whole plan.”
to die – in fact, this was
And there was Tony.
reaction to the sun, but… after a while, it got kinda red. And, yeah, actually, it
would be animalistic and savage and uncontainable.
happy-
Right now, Tony was waiting for him to get home.
to what was being said.
Yeah, he really didn’t want to add an erection into this confusion.
His curiosity had led to a few slightly braver internet searches, back when he was still new to the 21st Century, but the imagery he found was always violent and spiteful and ugly. It wasn’t that any of it frightened him, or offended him - on a purely academic level, he could understand why it appealed to some people… it just
an honour to meet you,” one of the Rousseau’s beamed, as the two of them leapt up off of the couch in perfect union.
“Baking?” Steve raised an eyebrow.
“Well, not… this…” Steve corrected, gesturing vaguely to the windows. “Sorry. I just meant… Times Square was like this, the first time out of the ice. All… Bright and big… and impossible, like this…”
And then his brain snagged on something.
, that feeling that something about this was so very right…
And now, in this minute, he did. He
of, usually…
And then Tony just sort of… came to his senses. His back straightened, his features sharped, his grip on the sketch flinched tighter, enough to crease the paper…
“Yeah, but I didn’t want to ruin the moment,” Peter mumbled, awkwardly gesturing between Steve and Tony, apparently not as confident in his revenge mission now that he’d actually enacted it on a super soldier.
for five minutes at a time-”
“Nine, now” Tony corrected – hoping it wasn’t too obvious that he was counting them down.
“Well, I’m not sure of all that much, these days - but I’m pretty sure that sleeping with you won’t make my life
thinking about you, and I do care about you, and – this is why I never say any of this, because I know it doesn’t make sense, it doesn’t fit, and… The truth is, it’s just a mess. It’s just a horrible, hopeless,
So, Tony had just waved him off, and finally started to tidy the workshop – purely for the sake of something to do with his hands while his mind ran away from him.
He should have pulled out of this mission before it even started. Everyone had been looking at Steve to object, when someone – probably Bruce, he couldn’t remember – had pointed out that Tony should probably take someone enhanced, seeing as they couldn’t smuggle a lot of tech in… And, one by one, they’d all turned to look at him, because Vision still wasn’t the same after the stone had been removed and Wanda would’ve made even less sense…. And, even as they all worked out that there wasn’t a counter argument to the suggestion, that there wasn’t a better candidate… Even then, everyone knew it was a bad idea.
“It’s okay sweetheart, lie back,” he purred. “Let me take care of you.”
And then he remembered the way Steve’s eyes had widened. The hot flash of fear, in the second Tony snatched his wrist… The way it darkened into something else, as his gaze fell on Tony’s fingers.
His phone buzzed softly in his pocket.
“Nothing,
In that context, none of these things were excuses…
“A bit of help from Sam,” Steve shrugged.
. And Tony smiled so sweetly that it turned Steve’s stomach to water, and kissed him again, very softly, just once, before laying his head in Steve’s lap.
...Plus a queasy sense of alarm at the thought of losing focus like this
Steve turned to face Zan, who was standing nervously with her back pressed to the door.
“I’ve missed you,” Tony whispered, as he looked up at Steve. Steve’s heart clenched in the most wonderful way, and he barely managed a mumbled
Because there
And this time, Steve
And Tony smiled into the kiss, a contentment of confidence running through him – because he understood.
“So, you’d rather he
He knew that no matter how good his performance, however enthusiastically he grimaced or moaned, it would be the equipment that Stape looked at first.
But they seemed to cover what he’d needed them to – he
And then Bucky laughed.
fucking annoying.”
Bucky doesn’t take in much of that, either.
get-”
“…Are you doing anything tonight…?”
The frantic, physical
And it wasn’t one of those times those energised, emotional moments, when Tony could have at least thrown himself into whatever train of thought he couldn’t avoid. The nights he spent having imaginary arguments or crafting elaborate explanations, categorising and re-categorising his points in a hundred different ways… Those nights were frustrating and exhausting and always made him feel guilty, but at least they filled the time. There was some structure to his pain on nights like those, some way to engage with it.
being able to reach him… And all the while, Tony was stroking his hands over Steve’s skin, working his way back down his chest…
Oh, and he knew
how Steve was feeling – and he almost wished he didn’t. It was stupid… but he kind of wished he didn’t already know how little he could do to help, right now.
And then Steve felt his throat tighten treacherously, and suddenly he was finding it hard to control his breathing.
And then there was the separate part of him that belonged in the real world, growing ever more aware of the problems on the horizon - the part of him that only knew sensible, human coping mechanisms. The part that warned him to brace, temper his expectations, start planning for the fall out…
to be nice to you, and I want to be there for you, and help you, and… You know, I am sorry, that I bought into this, before. That I never thought about whether I’d hurt your feelings, because you were just so good pretending that you were… above all that. I’m sorry that I never thought about you being scared, or lonely, because you always
It was still a side effect of a drug he hadn’t chosen to take.
Even if it sometimes
“And I
He would have done, at any other time.
“God Tony, yes, please yes,” Steve begged, as Tony started to move inside him with slow, deliberate thrusts. Tony watched, mesmerised, as Steve rolled up to meet his movement, his cock twitching against his stomach, his muscles tightening under Tony’s palm...
Dr Stape seemed genuinely
“Like, if you stopped a person in the street and asked them what they think about organised religion, you’d
Should he have done
Tony braved a quick glimpse at the woman - who, sure enough, seemed entirely nonplussed by Nat’s remark. If anything, she seemed somewhat pleased to have been noticed.
He remembered Tony telling him,
Automatically, he scanned his memory for all the other instances he’d collected, wondering if he could yet make out a pattern… A few doctors' names, on a range of different projects. A few dates and individual test results, with no way to know what was significant about them.
, Steve knew that he wasn’t supposed to tell Tony he loved him. It was like muscle memory now, a process that just happened… the frustration of it was so familiar… this was just ‘that reason’ that everything was so difficult, the natural law that meant he could never explain…
If the ending of this chapter makes you anxious, please read the endnote.
learn things, things that could be used for
and him just ignoring it and making stupid comments about the food and the décor-
“Agent Fury said to bring this to you, Sir,” he said, dropping his eyes as he held the case out for Steve to take. Something about that sentence annoyed Steve before he’d bothered to listen to it - but he did his best to relax his posture, and soften his voice, when he told the agent,
Because the fact that he didn’t support The Accords, and the fact that might not want to cede authority to a government, and the fact that he might want to keep the right to make that choice himself, didn’t mean he couldn’t ask that question. Didn’t mean he had dismissed all other opinions or objected to the very idea of others input or that he didn’t think other people had rights to consider, too. None of this had
responsible.
Those two questions could sort out the trickiest or most controversial of the analogies Tony had come up with. The reasons some of these things were alright, and some were
“SHIELD have an interest in your whereabouts,” Coulson informed him, curtly.
thing I know right now is how much I want this – and I don’t want to fuck up again, just because I wanted it so much…”
the sound of Steve hissing in pain that Tony reacted to – it was too powerful an instinct for him to mistake, too clear for him to misremember. The same bodily panic he’d felt when Steve nearly burned himself, but so much stronger. A sudden, plunging feeling at his gut, a searing awakening of every nerve in his body, an impulse to go to him-
personal temptation for him…
good enough – and
“JARVIS, bring up every piece of information you can find on Talleroy Communications,” he demanded, as he sprinted over to the cabinet in the far corner of the room. Already running contingencies and arranging priorities and sorting through a thousand lines of thought-
He’d been so angry at Steve for not trusting him, so
And, even deeper than that… For years, Steve had been conflicted and frustrated and confused about that sense of purpose he’d always felt. Finding that he was wrong to pledge it to the US government, and wrong to pledge it to SHIELD. Wondering if he could ever be sure enough to truly commit himself to anything ever again – if he’d ever really be at peace, if he couldn’t. Knowing there was still that sense of duty in him, that nameless calling towards some higher meaning.
Praying to God that it wasn’t the very last time.
“That’s the company that that photographer was working for,” Tony said it anyway, as Steve’s features sharpened in thought.
He remembers.
“Yeah, sure, when is it?”
It was beyond nice, to be able to think of Steve as
A very basic part of him didn’t enjoy badmouthing Steve.
Tony didn’t know whether to be surprised by the resistance he suddenly felt. On the one hand, it was familiar – it was the instinct that would have made sense, at any other time in the last twenty years. But, on the other hand, there was the incongruous fact that he’d already
He had to start
what Rhodey did isn’t like what I did, and I don’t expect him to tell me he’s sorry, and I
“You found out that my parents had been killed by Hydra, you found out what they’d done to Bucky, and you told Sam all about it, and you told Nat all about it, and the three of you conducted a secret man hunt that lasted two years – and you were lying to me the whole time. And when the shit hit the fan, you prioritised helping Bucky over everything else, without doing any of the things you could have done to make it
Now, thinking of Steve smiling like that was enough to make Tony’s chest ache. He was annoyed at himself for not being annoyed at the Army sooner
He would already have been cynical and guarded,
to help him-
The really quite obvious chain of observations-
Like Tony was playing along with himself,
“Oh… Ahreddan was a… code word, in Operation Rebirth,” Steve muttered,
go out during the day… And I
Steve,” he whispered – moving his hands away so that he could press himself up on his arms, shifting his weight so that he was kneeling over Steve. Steve whined pitifully at the loss of contact, raising his hips as Tony was moving away from them-
get fired over this, Steve could always help his family out.
Well, no,
And, before he could say anything at all, Rhodey was stumbling out of the bedroom, already asking,
...It wasn’t as though he even needed to read them, really. He already knew what they were going to say.
Tedious and frustrating and uncomfortable, probably… but doable.
So Steve had stayed there, as one hour melted into two, and the sky behind him faded from azure blue to candy orange, waiting for the moments when he could catch a glimpse of Tony at the window…
But that wasn’t the same as the things he
...And Sam looked so uncomfortable about it-
?” He demanded, in a low feral
Tony smiled.
“Technically, if we
And Steve was flooded with such a sense of relief, hearing Tony say that. A sudden feeling of rightness. Balance.
Steve let out an unashamedly wanton moan of protest, as Tony shifted his weight onto his knees and away from Steve’s hips. Automatically, Steve went to sit up and grab for him-
, low in his groin. Not just the deep, throbbing ache of Tony grinding against him or the growing desire for more of him - although, there
you tell him that you were looking for me?” Bucky demanded, out of nowhere. “Or about his parents?”
“And yet you’re in such a good mood….” He observed, raising an eyebrow. Tony just carried on smiling. And then he turned, and retrieved a card from the countertop, and handed it to Steve with a flourish. Steve shot him a playful look, before he glanced down at it…
have already known it, at least… But he couldn’t help being just a little bit saddened by it, just for a moment.
“Don’t suppose there’s any chance that underground gang-lords just like prostitutes, is there?” Tony cut in, his eyes still fixed on his phone screen. Steve shot him a disapproving glare – and was deeply irritated that Tony didn’t look up to see it.
like alcohol... “These are actually entirely natural, blended from elements found here and on earth. Compounds that don’t exist outside of The Facility, on earth or New Eden – and therefore, substances there can be no value judgement of.”
…And yet.
“No, well, you were always more understanding of me,” he smiled. “You always accepted my apologies, and forgave my mistakes… And I’ve always been really hard on you. I expected so much more of you, and then I took it for granted, and then when you did make a mistake I judged it so harshly-”
He snatched it up on the way out of the door, fitting it to his arm as he was walking up the stairs. It had only just settled into place as he strode confidently into the kitchen again.
The plan was important enough that Steve never wanted to miss a chance like this...
. Like they
“…Ah, to be young and in love.”
And so incredibly sorry for Steve that it had started to make him feel light-headed…
soft little laugh that Steve had missed so much- “Are you hiding out down here or something?” He blurted, in an poorly planned attempt to put some conversational distance between them.
. And then he took a slow breath as subtly as he could, trying to pull himself together before he looked up to acknowledge the concierge-
And, since Steve
Steve thought about Bucky all the time - of course he did. Almost everything Steve ever did in life he’d first done with Bucky - or heard about from Bucky, or had a joke about with Bucky… The memory of Bucky had been Steve’s constant companion, a voice that travelled with him wherever he went. That had always been there, whether he thought Bucky was dead or on the run from Hydra or two doors up the street. That went without saying, alongside everything else.
Their eyes met with a spark.
And then he watched Steve nod, solemnly, whatever hurt he felt smothered by such a pure determination to try-
“I swear, I didn’t mean ‘I hope you understand’ like that. I didn’t mean that I was
And Tony
“To ask if I want to work with SHIELD on the Tesseract Project,” Tony announced, glancing up at Steve to watch that bombshell land…
” They said, together, both looking down at the two little packets in Steve’s palm.
He’d rather just sit here staring at a blank screen, and wait for-
Steve gestured to the doors and then looked back at Bucky,
The front door opened for him as soon as he reached it, which startled him somewhat – although in a very nice way. He stepped into the hallway and breathed in the now familiar smell of Tony’s house-
But this clearly wasn’t an official document from the Varian government, or their courts or their police force. This was a slim, cream envelope with decorative silver edging, hand addressed in elaborate cursive-
“Hi.” Tony smiled broadly, already gesturing too widely.
the sudden personal confusion, to think rationally, to focus purely on the problem he was there to fix.
- nice enough guy, actually. Uses a
DO NOT TRUST OPERATION PAPERCLIP.
It was that the guilt, and the confusion, were every bit as loud and as constant as the joy and the excitement - which made the whole thing one hell of a din, to be honest.
Well, no. That was a lie. Tony knew he was
“I’m not even sure how she did it,” Steve smiled, self-consciously. “She asked if I was interested, I said not really, she said fine… and here we are,” he shrugged. Tony laughed.
And then, just as he was trying to choose which area of devastation to move on to next, an icy-hot tingling pulled tight around his ribs, sudden and severe enough to take his breath away.
...What if being with Steve
But if he’d died saving Steve-
The trouble was, he didn’t even know where to start evaluating that - because the answer was so obviously yes.
…It had been a busy few days.
“So… You want me to go to Germany to look for a plane?” Steve squinted at him, trying to ignore the prickling discomfort in his gut.
to do this for Steve? If they allowed this arrangement to become something permanent between them, and it did fundamentally alter Steve’s mind or body in some way… If Steve grew to
“Okay – stay there and see if you can read anything else useful while I’m doing it.” Tony suggested, as he walked back over to the panel.
Until, halfway someway through some meaningless observation, he noticed Steve about to rest his hand on the workspace just behind the examination table – and Tony’s whole body jarred upright with a sudden stab of adrenaline.
He would not kill this man, just because he was angry.
Tony's internalised hatred of himself and his body, because of what Obie did to him.
to try and intimidate Tony, Steve realised, with the taste of blood. Deliberately towering over Tony, getting too close,
they were at. The briefest glimpse of it was enough to set off a chain of sense memories… The hushed whisper his father had used whenever he mentioned it... the way the air had changed, that one time Tony had asked about it…
“Then leave it urgently,” Tony snapped back-
Helpfully, his brain decided now would be a good time to pick at this wound. Maybe it recognised that no amount of thinking or planning or Captain America-ing it would
“I mean, if it’s
time together-”
to tell
It was only when Tony huffed a little laugh that Steve realised, he’d said that out loud.
Not wondering what Tony would think of his answer.
By then, the four of them had followed the map to a less built-up area of the city. The glistening skyscrapers had petered out into more modest venues; glass fronted boutiques and specialist theatres and sidewalk cafes. They rounded a corner, and found a huge grass-covered park, like a community sports field set in the middle of a town. It was filled with wooden stalls, some decorated with flags and banners, some covered by sparkling canopies, all of them displaying rows and rows of brightly coloured flowers…
And why he still felt so floaty, and lightheaded…
Actually, it had been just over twenty four hours since he got back from Germany - and he’d spent most of it pacing in little circles in his room. Even his supernatural endurance was beginning to flag, adding an aching back and shaky legs to the list of things he was trying to ignore-
friends telling me – saying…”
And, as an aside – Tony was right. This
, even then. It was an inherently dismissive, subtly mocking word. Uniquely capable of reducing the most cutting and personal of feelings to a punchline for someone else’s joke. A ready-made excuse for anyone he asked to consider his feelings or listen to his point of view. He wanted to rebel against that word, even now. Even when
And opened his arms.
And yet, he heard the gentle buzz of his phone, all the way on the other side of the room.
Maybe this was just
…Something about
An easy
“If we make a run for it, they’ll see us,” Tony sighed.
…But that
Steve had been too busy being
And then again, and again, until it was like a jubilant crowd in his head, jumping and cheering at waving banners –
Hopeful and earnest – but smart, and sharp as fuck-
Steve moaned into it, simply letting Tony force his mouth open wider, melting into a total surrender to it. The taste of Tony flooded over his tongue, the dull ache pushing ever lower into his hips as he rocked up against Tony’s thighs. He could feel the heat of Tony’s chest, right there, maybe an inch away from being pressed against him.
Which set off yet another raft of observations, like an avalanche, gathering pace and power as one idea tumbled into another…
And, thinking back, Happy hadn’t seemed nearly as affected by Steve’s mood as Wesley, or Nick, or even that CEO… Aware of the atmosphere, certainly. More nervous than he’d usually be. But he, and the nurse, and the rest of the staff, seemed able to contain their response to a few shifty looks and a slightly stiff demeanour… None of
Before they set out on this off-the-books mission, Tony had reminded himself to pay more attention to his reactions - and Steve’s, and Wesley’s. He knew that if he was ever going to figure out what these feelings really were, and what triggered them, then he was going to have to start making better notes at the time.
But then he saw Tony’s face come in line with his, looking down over him… and he stilled, briefly.
...What did it mean?
But he met Steve’s eye, and he kept it…bravely.
were friends…
that his story was in an entirely different league to Johann Scmitt’s. That, whatever impossible traumas and unfathomable questions he’d been forced to accept, it was still of a different thing entirely to an
That he’d said Tony’s name at all.
Steve let go of a breath he didn’t know he was holding. He felt like he should be more prepared for that question. Obviously, Bucky would want to make sure that Tony was okay after what happened. He would wonder
Steve literally felt dizzy. He was having trouble keeping his eyes open.
“So… Does this mean I can kiss you again?” He asked, already putting his hands to Tony’s shoulders.
He heard Steve choke back a hard sob, trying to curl in on himself, his arms still pinned awkwardly behind him. And Tony waited for him to catch his breath, to steady himself, before he went on-
“...It’s more that I already know
all free from earthly ambition, et cetera, et cetera?”
Steve didn’t hesitate now. There wasn’t any uncertainty anymore – he’d
And then the little flash of defiance before he softened again, his hesitancy falling away from him like a weight he’d just dropped - like he was
“Oh, really?” He asked with exaggerated, mocking confusion. “I really thought I did… Oh well, I guess I don’t know that your real name is Natasha, and you can just go ahead and ignore that one. But you should probably take the rest of it very seriously.” And he flashed a dangerous smile that was mostly teeth before he opened the door-
He’d literally
know about that one. Even before all this – I wasn’t quite so dense that I imagined rage-induced revenge murder was an acceptable response. I was just…
would stop him doing something stupid… if he slipped back into that strangely focused state of euphoria and suddenly
And it involved some risks.
Which was a relief, at least.
But it certainly wasn’t that feeling now…
And thank you again! Happy New Year!
for Steve-
Unless, of course, it was something that he really didn’t want to tell him.
With Steve.
of reaction-
“...I spent my entire life fighting a powerful urge to tell people what idiots they are,” Pepper observed casually, never breaking her stare. Tony grinned - more at the fact that she’d been listening than at what she’d actually said.
“Can I fuck you? Here, like this?” He whispered, his voice low and breathless. He’d barely finished the question before Tony answered him,
He didn’t even care that, in reality, this sudden confidence was entirely baseless – and probably as weird and frightening as everything he was running from.
long for some sort of comfort, any kind of reprieve, and maybe even resented the fact that he never got to have it... sometimes… just a little…
he was allowed to tell Bucky this – there was no reasonable way he could keep it from him, and anyway, Tony had outright said he could… But still, he felt an immediate resistance to saying any of this to anyone.
Steve pinched his lips, and
“So, what, we just keep walking right at them?” Sam asked, skeptically.
“Why, how long have you been waiting for us?” Sam joked.
like a burn – and Steve couldn’t catch his breath in time to protest, before he felt Tony’s fingertips, now wet with lube, pressing at his rim. Steve groaned low in his chest, lifting his ass, rocking back to meet Tony’s hand. Tony pushed two fingers all the way into him, slow and firm, pressing and then twisting inside him as he pulled away just as slowly.
...Leaving the sketch right there, in the middle of the desk.
“Good morning gentlemen,” Freddie greeted politely. Then he paused, waiting for Tony to join the group, exuding that illusive blend of innate seniority and dignified deference that Steve had only ever seen from TV butlers.
Also, warning, smut.
just done-
Disjointed, random things…
share, maybe. Imagining all the ways in which Tony could hold him down and take control of him and dominate him completely… And all the scenarios in which Steve could sweep Tony into him and dote on him and
But he didn’t have the option of leaving right away. He knew he
Tony’s lips parted, his eyes widening in amazement… And then he blinked, and shook his head, and frowned again.
phone ringing-
Oh… he
But immediately, Tony felt as though he was looking at something mundane. Something he
“It’s just… I never saw him scream, or cry, or act out when we were kids,” Steve started, not even sure where the words were coming from. “He was just one of those… Brave kids, you know, and-”
…Nope, didn’t have a snappy comeback for that one.
And, fuck, Steve
But he ignored that, and made himself look up to where an image of a lush, green landscape was now being displayed on the screen. When he looked back, Dev was holding one of those little hand held remotes, used by CEOs for PowerPoint presentations the world over… there was something laughably mundane about that, but Tony ignored that too.
His mind burst into worst-case scenarios - or possibly the worst of his battle memories - as he braced for the familiar onslaught of information, the rush to process it in time
Then firmly pushing his thighs further apart.
Silence.
” was cut off when Tony dropped to claim his mouth again, kissing him possessively, running his hand over Steve’s shoulders as he impatiently pushed more of the tattered fabric away. Steve felt his lungs burn, his muscles aching with the exertion of keeping up with this, every inch of him flooded with genuine, primal adrenaline. And then, just as Steve was beginning to feel lightheaded from the lack of air, Tony broke away to kiss his neck again – the other side, this time. Trailing a matching line of tingling bruises all the way down the column of Steve’s throat, and then sucking hard at the tender flesh at the curve of his shoulder.
He was
case to
This might be when he allowed himself to believe, however briefly, that everything he thought he knew was wrong...
The defensiveness in him, because he’d been surrounded by people who demanded explanations, asked him to live up to an expectation he’d been burdened with since birth, held him to different standards and never let him win…
, and he didn’t-
Bucky doesn’t recognise him. He can’t remember ever seeing this face before.
Tony ignored that final, spiteful whisper and recommitted himself to his original plan. Reminding himself that it wasn’t about forever, it was about right now. Telling himself that this was undeniably for the best, right now.
He thought about the company.
When Steve leaned over him, Tony didn’t bother working out that he was reaching for the side table. He didn’t bother asking himself
At first, it meant nothing. And then, just as Tony was growing irritated by this cryptic clue, he heard Steve huff a little smile.
drunk, and tried to jump up and sit on the bar of this pub we were in, and fell right over the back of it – that’s what Bucky was referring to.”
have a point, when I said that you made some reckless choices, for selfish reasons, and you should apologise for it… And then I went off on a rant, and gave a whole bunch of examples you could probably argue with, and analogies you could pick to pieces… I did turn ‘you made reckless choices, for selfish reasons’ into ‘you are a reckless, selfish asshole’. Which wasn’t fair – but it doesn’t make those underlying points any less right, or any less important, either.” He could feel Steve nodding as he spoke “So, you know, even if you sober up and think that there were probably a few things you just said that were a bit… over the top, and probably not your best examples – I still know you did have
And then at last there was the cool, slippery press of his fingers, pushing at his rim,
Nothing occurred to him.
He’d broken down, and told Steve he felt
Because Tony was selfish - said the man who’d held onto a treatment for palladium poisoning, or at least a potential relief from the incredible pain of it, just to see how Tony would react without it.
But more important than the scenery was the certainty that no one was going to wander past the house. There was no one to notice his comings or goings, no traffic cameras or occasional police drive bys for him to keep in mind… It
“But it
And with that thought, Tony’s frustrations evaporated completely. He actually felt silly, for ever thinking those petty things mattered.
He sighed, happily, and pushed himself up off of the couch. He wandered over to the table by the door, thinking that he might as well cast an eye over some of the paperwork. Seeing as he was in a more productive frame of mind all of a sudden-
Like any other drug, it impacted him differently depending on the mood he was in… on what other considerations he’d made…
And right now that just felt
“So, for example – did you
Alas, on this particular night, his mind had been so full of questions and possibilities that they seeped into his dreams. He felt as though he’d woken a hundred times, always in the middle of an important thought that he couldn’t remember, always with a humming anxiety that he was supposed to be somewhere…
Tony’s arms were held tense at his sides now, his fingers flexing and clawing helplessly at the air, so clearly fighting an agonising temptation to move.
Just realising… he
Steve managed a deep, shuddering breath. He found himself at the centre of this swirl of lights and colours. He began to process his surroundings, one item at a time.
“W-Wes-ley,” the photographer stammered.
For a moment, maybe two, Tony simply enjoyed existing.
do this.
At first, Steve assumed the warmth that surged through him was simply relief - and, of course, he
...That sounded like something he’d misremembered while high.
The sound Tony would make-
The painful and possibly humiliating realisation that he really
know the concentration of ‘air and water minerals’ in a person’s blood down to a percentage like that – not even under test conditions. People just breathe at different rates, the amount of water their body retains is down to the speed at which they drink it – if I took a sample of your blood now, by the time I’d got the results of how
, it wasn’t even in my head
“...Well, if it made you feel calm when you otherwise wouldn’t… Or when it would be inappropriate…” He theorised out loud, like he was talking to himself, “I mean, if it was an
“Right - can I take your name please, sir?” The other guard enquired dryly-
And the worst part was the immediate instinct to snap at Nick,
Right now, Steve just liked the way that Tony was looking at him-
Also, Steve didn’t know the words for what he was really feeling.
So, as Steve didn’t have much else to say about that, he finished another glass, and set it aside. Then he cast a weary glance at the drink he was still holding, and decided to give it a moment. The sheer volume of liquid and the sugary taste were a bit much.
...He could take comfort in his own happiness. He could acknowledge that he’d made a choice that worked for
Something familiar without being significant.
“Yay, needles,” Bucky laughed, already walking over to his familiar place on the examination table.
, or not.”
, I could probably go for days on very little… but I eat terrible food, so, yeah, probably once a day.”
“That’s not…” Tony interrupted for the sake of interrupting – but he couldn’t think how to end the sentence.
fit… I’m sorry, I’m not sure this is coming out how I mean it-”
“...Which is?” Tony prompted.
now he couldn’t stop imagining it.
And then Steve broke down, and
like that. He felt like Steve’s plan was to just wait until Tony had gotten over his temper, to try and make him smile about other things so that he’d forget his little tantrum, to wait for it to get better with time… And Tony just couldn’t stand the idea of that working. He knew it was immature and stupid and probably hurting him more than anyone – but, right now, he’d still rather that than let Steve think he’d ‘won him over’. He just couldn’t deal with the idea of Steve smiling at him one day,
“But you
Tony slid his palms, slow and firm, over Steve’s neck and back, a perfect contrast to Steve’s frenetic, uncoordinated clawing. And Steve liked that he couldn’t move Tony, that he couldn’t hurry him or agitate him – that there was nothing to stop Steve from moving however he wanted, because he couldn’t possibly affect anything, whatever he did. Already, there was a dizzying sort of freedom to feeling so overpowered.
He was the face of every critic, the voice of all the injustice in the world.
And that more than stung.
. The unexpected elation of being able to say it, of not being afraid.
“God no,” Steve replied, too quickly. “No…I haven’t bothered trying to go to sleep, to be honest.”
...Because, of course, Tony hadn’t had to worry about ‘getting lost’, since he was about twelve years old.
raised her voice - and, of course, by the end of it, Tony felt thoroughly wretched.
“Well, it’d take a small moderation to the virus,” Tony shrugged. “But nothing I couldn’t do right now on my phone.”
an idea. And, as it turns out – I
But the idea of Tony having to
, if Steve hadn’t spent the last seven years faking an immovable confidence in his every choice… But he recognised that it’d come out like an attack, or at the very least it’d make Steve feel guilty, and that wasn’t what he meant at all. In fact, he was only just working out exactly what he meant…
…And that he wanted all of that anyway.
good-
had a sex slave. That, if it was suddenly put in the real world, there would be all the unpleasantness and the wider issues – the stuff you put aside, when you’re indulging in a fantasy, just for a moment, just because the
Tony hated himself for noticing.
tell everyone to put safety first and to be aware of, you know, everything I could think of – but, honestly, I didn’t think of if suddenly there was a really enormous guy walking around. And then when Peter suggested the whole
good a man as this Nazi icon, if you tried a little harder. You just have to think of something positive to leave behind, after your Hydra overlords have used your work to kill millions of people-”
But nothing could distract him from that increasing ache in his hips.
He’d imagine all the ways he could make Steve good, all the ways he could soothe him and support him and comfort him… Tony could just get lost in that.
Steve kicked himself for that, as they finally got out of the car. He reminded himself that he didn’t
him now-
allowed were actually exciting enough.
And, of course, on the surface, that came over as very arrogant, and maybe just a touch rude.
That sharp peak of sensation, that sudden rush of release-
“No, it’s okay,” Tony smiled. He almost said
Rhodey just froze in shock, for a second.
“Are you okay? Is he okay?” Steve demanded, already tensing to stand again-
It was simpler than that.
And Tony
up, that you all need to be sure there isn’t still a threat out there and that Thanos’ army has been destroyed – Thanos was dead! But even then, there was no time to discuss it. And in all this time, you’ve told me
words for it-
“Did they make
And, alongside those should-be-devastating revelations, there were the should-be-ecstatic insights,
a blunt instrument, like that.
to be able to say I’ve
explain the little…
But that time had rushed by so quickly-
This is what it felt like, crashing that plane.
Steve had always hated small talk anyway. Even in the forties, he’d gritted his teeth through every interaction with new people - or followed Bucky around like a valet, if that was an option. And back then he’d at least known how to speak the language. Now, the thought of trying to start a conversation with a stranger, having to navigate all the assumptions and references that they didn’t even know they were making, avoid the pitfalls of offense and misunderstanding with no idea where they might be hiding...
to make you happy, if you want to let me. And I think I
can be uncomfortable with something, at least at first, and that not necessarily mean… that it isn’t worth
“That’s not really the point either,” Tony smiled. “I mean, if I’d driven into a stop sign at a hundred and ten miles per hour, all four of us would be dead, wouldn’t we?”
And he remembers… He remembers the smell of blood, and the screech or tortured metal… the sound of people crying…
, failing this relationship that he’d committed to... or if he hated himself for clinging to this relationship even when it felt like it was falling apart-
He knew it was silly, childish even. He knew that Tony’s reaction was entirely understandable; in fact, it was one of the reactions he’d spend the most time preparing for-
to just be happy with that… Pathetically nursing those seemingly meaningless, purely personal little victories,
“You’re very sweet, you know that?” Tony told him, even though he wasn’t sure he should be saying it.
…Steve meant
“Pleased to meet you,” He introduced himself, in a customer service tone.
there, when SHIELD – and it wasn’t like I didn’t know things, like I hadn’t already been uncomfortable about Phase Two or Operation Insight, but I’d just thought, surely someone must be the good guys, and then I just let that… Bucky was there for
Thinking that,
How to judge whether he’d hurt Tony, add to his burdens, jeopardise any chance of helping him with these issues, if he let his emotions get the better of him.
For a start, he’d never expected Steve to be as mundanely, relatably honest as that. To say something as human and as understandable and as believable as that.
It hadn’t gone away - if anything, this anger was more fundamental than his previous spikes of injustice. It felt more
Not any of the other stuff –
been a firm, you-don’t-even-have-to-think-about-it
having Tony to think about…
” Tony barked, like it was a swearword, or a prayer. And then there was the tight, searing heat of Steve’s finger, pushing inside him. “Oh, God-”
But poor Rhodey, Bucky and Sam had simply been caught in the middle of it.
Because if nothing else, Steve
And then Bucky took a step forward, and Peter bolted.
And then he
And he
That familiar human pleasure crawled up his spine, a hot compulsive friction that quickly burned itself out and left an aching need for more-
her on something for the first time ever-
And then there was another loud bang.
Or, at least, there had been times when he could think about those memories in isolation. Moments, usually late at night, when Tony could think of Steve’s chest under his splayed fingers, or feeling Steve’s heart racing under his lips, or the way Steve moaned Tony’s name as he came… and nothing else. Moments when Tony could remember how it felt at the time. In those moments, sometimes, Tony could even feel glad that it had happened, maybe even believe that it hadn’t been a ridiculous and reckless thing to do…
He didn’t
It felt fitting, somehow.
“And then you turned up, and all the Adams seemed to think you were special, and then, when I saw you I really
Which Steve inaccurately summarised as,
Steve was worried that he might actually burst into tears at any moment - out of which emotion, he didn’t know - so he didn’t dare open his mouth.
“To be honest… Yeah.”
Steve felt his ribs clench, his whole-body tensing in sudden alarm. He stepped behind Tony, his hands braced to grab him, his eyes fixed on Tony’s arm. Waiting for something terrible to happen.
The three of them sat to attention, as the door slowly swung open, and a tall man in a smart black uniform came strolling in.
...And then let both hands slide up, slowly folding his arms over the back of Steve’s neck, pulling himself up against his chest-
Tony had warned him that, for a minute or two, Zan was likely to just break down into a stream of consciousness – and they should let her. That, however infuriating and time consuming it seemed, it would make the rest of the interrogation run more smoothly if they let her get this out of her system first.
“That’s not what happened,” Steve sighed, playfully.
, something…
But of course, he wouldn’t.
responsibility. Or, even if not, I just thought – But I didn’t think you’d help me if you knew what really happened, or I thought you’d go after Father or – I don’t know, I just thought if I told you it was all the humans fault, you’d blame them and get rid of them and then maybe everyone else would blame them too… But at least it’d be over.”
Back to something he almost knew.
And then, mainly out of habit, he reminded himself that he couldn’t do this, and that he had to restart himself.
writhe helplessly under those devastatingly tender touches, as Tony traced his fingertips over Steve’s shoulders and chest. He could
On balance, giving himself some leeway for the mind-altering drugs, he could probably stand by everything he’d said. Some of it he should’ve said to other people, okay. But he’d basically give a (much less dramatically worded) assessment of
He wondered what
That’s what he opened his mouth for-
and take some of this pain away… and he’d get it all wrong, he knew he would.
Back then, he’d taken for granted that he would never be that happy again.
He’d spent so much of the mission trying to ignore a painful erection that he barely bothered to notice that he was hard, anymore.
me to say that Iron Man was my bodyguard, and that was partying on a yacht while the whole Stane thing was going on…” He remembered.
“So…” Clint asked, raising an eyebrow, “you know something about this?”
speaking
“Tony, I’m so sorry,” Steve said again, taking another step towards him. “I didn’t know - you didn’t say-”
Oh, Steve felt weak. Giddy.
And Tony vaguely remembered that this was where he’d intended to begin. He was supposed to think about this part… whether they were ever going to see each other again, and
“…Can you do that?” Bucky asked, cautiously.
all of that was bad, obviously.
Also, for those of you that are interested, there will soon be a couple of one shots posted as sequels to this, set in this universe, as part of my 1k milestone celebration - so, if you'd like to see more from Vampire Tony and Consort Steve, watch this space :-)
“Okay, I-”
He ran his hands under Steve’s shirt, an electric thrill running up his spine as he finally got to touch that perfect chest, and Steve lifted his arms to let Tony pull it up over his head. And Tony wanted to
Tony sucked a deep, bruising kiss to Steve’s shoulder,
So, Tony didn’t give him the option.
word. Taking something from a horrible language that he’d only heard spoken by the man he hated most, and applying it to
“So, how much were they
“...You know me?”
“…You just said to let him in, sir.” JARVIS confirmed, in the same hesitant tone.
And then came the knock at the door.
There was a… quality, in Steve that night. Something Tony wanted to call possessive, even though that didn’t really fit. A
And, yeah, really hope you like it! 😰
found the bad connection, then we’ve found it earlier than I was expecting,” Tony carried on, seemingly oblivious. “And that actually makes the rest of the treatment much easier – probably means you’ll be done with me sooner than you thought.”
He didn’t want to lie to Tony.
to suggest a range of alternatives, with full commentary.
“Everything about that idea bothers me,” Steve replied - but, before he could clarify, Tony cut him off with a disappointed sigh.
“I know I was down there for a lot longer than a year - I was awake for most of it,” he informed her, coldly.
. So, apparently that was
your business?” Clint asked directly, narrowing his eyes. Steve sighed, and grabbed his jacket from the back of his chair.
The hot, dull press of Steve’s cock against his hole.
“When
“You are
A feeling that he was supposed to be doing something…
“Please,” Tony whispered again, arching up into Steve’s touch, his voice trembling as little electric shivers broke up though his hips-
And then he looked up.
, Tony,” Steve stopped him forcefully, moving closer to him and taking his hand - moving much more confidently. More instinctively.
“…Probably pretty central to this, for them to bother adapting this much…” Tony said, still scrolling through files. “…You don’t adapt your entire system UI for someone you’ve bullied into helping you, or some toady who’s trying to get in with you. You do that when you’re working
about the way Tony looked at Steve then…
…More clearly and more completely than he
To accept that he did still have a lot of issues – but that maybe it was worth thinking about them.
By the time the sun appeared over the ocean, Steve was at least starting to feel like he’d found his true thoughts under all the noise.
“They didn’t bug my house,” Steve managed, through a clenched jaw.
And it was
But, really…
“Oh, how they’re only fifty percent as, uh, potent or…yeah…” Amazingly, Steve
… but he knew now that this was a perfectly normal impulse that he only needed to distract himself from.
that he had to be careful, he over thought the danger to Adam’s skull and neck, he over corrected. He didn’t kick hard enough. And, yeah, it would’ve
Another bombardment of notes-
to look like dog food, at this stage.”
Oh, God, he couldn’t think of a
Although, he wasn’t trying to ignore
I was doing. There was an actual moment, I remember it, like just snapping out of a trace when I realised that I’d almost done something – that I
felt good. He wasn’t thinking anything at all, he was just
in his timeline, however the people living in it chose to comfort themselves. He knew that if he had the power to change things, if he
Like a dam had burst, setting free not only the things he’d longed to say, but the things he’d longed to wonder about, the ideas he didn’t even know were in there - ideas he might not have come up with, until this morning.
to fuck Sam,” Bucky clarified, dismissively,
He let the rush of that scent wash over him, along with the wave of affection and the thrill of anticipation, all part of the same dizzying charge.
“And, even if it doesn’t - it
trying to stand sure and do the right thing… Just doing what he was doing
Steve didn’t put much thought into which should be his first stop. He didn’t have to.
decide to be a hard working mechanic with a family and a dog – and what a parade I’d have been owed for that. No, I tried to be as good a man as I could possibly be – far, far better than you are, or any of the dicks who work for you – and you’re going to tell me
Immediately, he recognised that Steve was being defensive of him. He could feel the protective instinct coiling in Steve’s muscles. He already knew that plenty of what Steve said to Fury didn’t directly benefit the plan - things Steve only said because he wanted to stand up for Tony.
But he always knew he wasn’t going to.
He smiled as he hit send.
Steve felt himself smile.
Something he remembers.
them you disagree. Tell
Well.
Obie made him popcorn that night… Maybe three nights after he’d murdered him, Obie had made Tony popcorn, and come to find him in the den, and started on another of his softly spoken explanations…
“C’mon” He whispered, when Belle left them again. “Time for bed.” And this time, Steve didn’t argue. He just nodded his head, and rubbed his eyes, and took a few seconds too long finding his feet on the soft floor. Tony put a hand out to steady him, and Steve caught his eye, blushing hard enough that Tony could see it even in
…There were certainly things he would’ve done differently, if he had to do it again.
Wasn’t going to make Tony feel better, was it? He’d been terrified of that thought anyway, before ‘the event’. That’s
to hit this man. He was overwhelmed with such a physical, emotional,
There was the briefest flicker of a fearful impulse, the strangest idea that he could just ignore it.
“...No,” he eventually accepted. “No… I mean, if I’m reading this right, it would mean that most of the power is being used by the city…”
just different.
And it annoyed him that SHIELD were happy to send him as a catch-all contingency. That they thought nothing of upending his life or even putting it at risk, without having any real idea what he was even going to do. That they didn’t
Like he was holding himself back-
…He remembered all the guilt and shame he’d felt in the last year, and without the layer of pain and anger to blur it.
“I do now.” Steve told him, seriously. Tony dropped his eyes.
, letting Tony pin his arms above his head. His arms tensing against Tony’s grip, and then relenting to it…
Tony, who had only grown stronger and braver since the time Steve met him, with whom he’d built something so unique and beautiful… And he thought about taking him to that bunker.
“Honestly… I’ve never given a single thought to being in this situation. Because I just knew I never would be,” Tony explained, sitting up so that he could slip his shirt over his shoulders. “And I have a lifetime’s worth of reasons to… think about, I guess. All the reasons I can’t have what I want… which were all the reasons this would never happen… so, now I just… don’t know.”
And then everything just went black.
Steve huffed out a weary little groan. He hadn’t meant to – but he was just
He huffed petulantly, and put his phone back into his pocket with a bit too much force. Sulking at himself. But, ultimately, he knew it was a bad idea
And he didn’t want to push it. And he didn’t want to
Right now, it
Steve jolted upright, his mind racing to line up details and dates, sure that this was long before Tony worked for SHIELD… And then he remembered Nat’s little stint as Natalie Rushman.
5. What You’re Made Of - Lucie Silvas
“I’m sorry.” Bucky broke in, his voice hoarse “Are you-”
And then, for a full minute, she was actually quiet. She just sat, exhausted, and looking thoroughly miserable.
“No one here is Hydra. I don’t think any of my employers have any history with that organisation – but, I mean,
was the choice he had. Not whether he was going to feel these animal impulses-
But Tony was very far from appeased.
, send Steve away now – of course, all these effects would be very different. That rush of affection might become a feeling of loneliness, or get misdirected into other reckless acts. That burst of strength would just sit in him, growing frustrated and angry. That mental focus would be wasted on analysing a situation he shouldn’t be in.
Steve remembered watching Tony give long introductions like this and being irritated by them. Assuming that Tony was being self-indulgent and showing off, wishing he would get to the point - snapping and telling him that, on more than one occasion.
to be with him. All the reasons that might be impossible or painful or costly. All the reasons Steve should be frightened by this reaction, all the things a previous version of him might’ve said about all this. All the ways it would kill him, if he had to walk away from Tony now.
His mind slipped back into consciousness before he could open his eyes, his head still thick and heavy with sleep, his whole body still weighed down with exhaustion… his arms trying to reach out for something, his fingers curling against his palms.
If he hadn’t been so very focused on not losing it all.
Steve simply nodded
Steve snorted, and then dissolved into giggles again, almost telling the guy,
And he punctuated his point with another punch, this time aimed at Fury’s jaw, and strong enough to knock him right off of his feet-
“...Well, I’m not saying he’ll be any better in a couple of hours,” she added. “I’m just saying, no one seems to be getting anything out of him right now.”
“So, you want us to find them?” He asked, desperately hoping it could be something that simple.
Tony’s heart skipped a beat when he heard the door open, and then returned with a vengeance as he heard those familiar padding footsteps approach. And then he glanced up. And there was Steve
knowing it… That he’d feel so sick at the idea of Steve thinking of him that way, that it would hurt his feelings so much to think of Steve recoiling from him…
smile – but not condescending, or entitled, or demeaning…
But, more than that…
He felt utterly ridiculous. Embarrassed by how hurt he was, embarrassed that he apparently cared so much more than Tony did – embarrassed that it had come as such a shock.
This time they both nodded too enthusiastically.
“Being your boyfriend” Steve answered, as though that should’ve been perfectly obvious.
This was the same giddy, lifeless feeling that had closed in on Tony that night.
And Tony thought about all the things that had happened between them, all the different things that Tony had thought, all the different ways he’d felt about it… He thought through every outburst either of them had given into, since they arrived at The Facility, he let himself think back over how they came to be here…
Eventually, in desperation, Tony had resigned himself to this most tedious and uncomfortable of chores-
to make sense of everything else. Something so strong that it had to be the point of any story it was a part of, that it had to be the ultimate priority...
He was actually doing this thing.
“But you
Sex was one of the things you couldn’t ask about until you knew what it was okay to ask about. And what words you could use, and
That ache twisted sharply, and Tony realised that he was already hard.
Tony almost laughed.
Because he was sure there would be more of those loose papers in there somewhere, slotted into whatever random piles Tony had made in his impatience to dispense with the tidying-
He didn’t have Tony’s technical knowledge to reassure him. He didn’t know
. He found himself lifting his arms, arching his back, just helping Steve to undress him.
While Steve let go of the breath he’d been holding the whole time Tony had been speaking.
… Because, yes - it wasn’t exactly ideal that Steve had turned up as a total stranger to declare his love, especially when he knew that Tony was already in a relationship.
he reminded himself, with no real sense of urgency.
Illicit, and guilty, and still so good.
The taste of
Bruce?”
But, when he was free to explain and he knew Steve was listening and he meant every word… yeah, this was nice, actually.
That same thoughtful look, that
Tony slammed the empty bag into the counter beside him, hard enough to dent the surface of it, expelling some of the incredible energy that had just surged through him-
“You know, sitting here, I’ve figured something out… about fantasies… and about reality.” Tony went on, in such a calm…
At which point, he’d let himself flop out on the couch, and then spent maybe half an hour just appreciating what it was to lie down on soft fabric, and feel the forces of gravity supporting his limbs.
“I want it to be. This is all I’ve ever wanted – well, I mean, there will probably be less alien sex drugs, and less public sex, cos y’know, we both have jobs...” He mused, his tone entirely serious – and Steve just laughed.
All of this had flashed through Tony’s mind before the guy had even finished asking the question – and immediately, he’d snatched the rifles from the two guards in front, hard enough to squeeze the barrels closed.
“Phil!” She beamed-
Oh, that was bad. That was the worst of all the bad things.
“Hey you.”
Once again, warning for slightly out of character behaviour on account of inebriation.
He could think all of these wonderful things about Steve, without asking what that said about him.
just how much Tony hadn’t wanted to do that.
…And it couldn’t possibly be
like that. Literally asking if Tony wanted him dead. Talk about dramatic. And entitled – he might as well have asked Tony,
to find Steve on the other side of it.
. There was no doubt that Adam would’ve been
He was suddenly aware of the trance he’d slipped into. The fact that he’d not bothered to scan all of his words before he said them, that he’d not been
Steve was shocked out of his train of thought when he found Nat and Sam just standing in the breakroom. They looked up at him in unison, and then glanced at each other. Steve felt himself bracing for something before he could process what he was looking at.
“You’re planning on doing something dramatic,” wasn’t even a question. “Do you even know what it is yet?”
On autopilot, he swung around to find where the shot had come from-
He could
And, oh, Tony loved it when Steve called him that-
Unfortunately, at the same moment, Tony was also beginning to see that there was something…else.
feel a little instinct to back away-
in a state all week. But Tony was pretty sure it was a standard state of anxiety, probably common in dysfunctional people… who had fallen hopelessly in love. Even though his moods had been pretty intense, and his thoughts permanently distracted - and even though he had never felt this way before - Tony had still been reasonably confident that it was all ‘normal’. That anyone would easily identify these butterflies and stress headaches and moments of unbearable longing as symptoms of a perfectly human crisis…
“So, what, you pretended to be a doctor and
A single entry in the diary of a vampire in 17
“...Not hugely thrilled about the flesh-to-spandex ratio on Bulsara,” Tony commented, when he was quite sure the guy had moved out of ear-shot.
Steve to let go of it, wanting so much to just make Steve feel good…
And then he saw Steve’s jaw tighten just slightly, his dreamy smile drawing into a pout as the tension began to crawl back into his muscles-
Tony gave his head a very small, very heavy shake – the best he could manage, by now.
So, for a while, he just sat there, feeling the ground spin beneath him and the world continuing around him, and not really being aware of anything…
And, he pointed to one of the data points, and the strange, half-hieroglyphic-half-recognisable-chemical-formula label written next to it…
But he
A strangely pleasant tearfulness welled up in Steve’s chest, as Tony took his hand and led him through the house.
His breathing was still desperate and heavy, his chest burning with exertion.
“How did we get here?”
But before Tony could finish working out the importance of it, Steve very bravely explained it for him,
way to handle things with Tony…
And he knew there were times when Tony would have to be his priority… That certain things that were
good pain meds-” and then he mentally kicked himself, as he remembered all the jokes Pepper had warned him not to make in potentially litigious situations. “I’ll take care of the medical costs, and I’ll make sure someone looks into what happened, and I’ll get someone to come down to the hospital to talk to you, when you’re up to it,” he tried again, more carefully. “Okay?”
trust himself to stop if Tony had said it was okay.
staying around Bucky.
But either way, there was that to add to his growing headache.
The way he’d caught the scent of it, the instant Steve cut his hand.
to him. Thinking that they could be any of those things. That maybe they
And then, from the back of the room, there was the unmistakable
until he knew what the answers were, now would he?
“Something like that” He thought aloud, going back nearly ten years to something he’d not really been listening to in the first place “Fury said something about the serum making my intellect ‘more functional’ as opposed to ‘just better’… or something… To be honest, I think I’d been out of the ice a week when he tried explaining that, and I didn’t really care…”
And it was
And, by that time, Steve knew exactly what he was doing.
bombshells had settled into better thoughts, eventually.
He suddenly understood what Tony was getting at.
It meant nowhere to take cover, nothing to hide behind…
And Tony flinched a little; Steve saw him do it, however quickly he’d covered it. He was
And then he looked at Tony.
Which was so much worse than just accepting he’d wanted it at the time. Of course he’d wanted it at the time – as Tony had been sitting in his lap, it would’ve been humiliatingly obvious how much he wanted it at the time. But he
… and thought,
And, okay… maybe he’d not used the best examples during that rant either. Maybe he’d pushed certain points beyond being
… I mean, I
He and Tony looked up in unison, the same confused frown on their face… melting into the same amused grin, when they saw that Bucky was now soaking wet, and fixing Peter with an outraged stare.
“But you
With that in mind, Steve buried that wordless uneasiness, and forced himself to think about this plan - firstly, where it was different from his original plan…
A completely different sort of excitement began to expand in Tony’s chest, distinct from the primal urgency of before. This was a light, giddy feeling, an elated sense of freedom and a pure abundance of joy.
The unashamedly anguished moan that Tony let out might have been embarrassing, at any other time - right now, Tony’s only worry was that he couldn’t find words enough to beg. Instead, he whined desperately, his hands grabbing mindlessly in Steve’s direction even as Steve was pushing his legs apart and moving to kneel between them. Apparently two steps ahead of his brain, Tony’s
But it was all too late now.
At least that went okay.
Tony could swear that he felt it leaving a mark. That it felt
From Bucky’s perspective, the time between the wars had been vague and movable, a constant progress of the years at too fast a pace, seen through eyes that weren’t his own and remembered in his own nightmares… To Bucky, the first snap was just over a week ago.
really did think, at one time… and I don’t, now. I
“Hi,” Tony beamed, bright and excited and happy. Steve was instantly overwhelmed by
Just knowing that… he
But there were no meetings Tony could gate-crash this afternoon - or, if there were, the exhausted SHIELD officials had decided not to tell him about them anymore. Bruce had very politely declined his offers of further assistance, and Pepper had just flat out told him to stop being weird.
He took just enough time to appreciate the little details as he wandered comfortably to his ultimate destination. He allowed himself a few moments to indulge in bittersweet daydreams of what might have been. He walked past Peggy’s office again, and even took a detour so that he could pass by Howard - although he didn’t stop to talk to either of them. Steve didn’t trouble himself with deeper questions of how he felt about them, or what he would have liked to say to them, or what he thought might happen if he did. He simply acknowledged a basic curiosity to look at both of them again, and a resistance to attempting anything more complicated than that - and went with it.
, when he stepped away from that panel, that he had to focus on those two immediate priorities. That, even though there were a thousand important things that he
Tony glanced down again, and then back at the door. And then he turned to give Steve a long, measured appraising look, that seemed to go on forever…
And then that sudden spike of need,
And then he felt Tony’s hips stutter against him.
even feel a bit better about everything else, once he’d gone through everything out loud…
Which was kind of… deflating, as epiphanies went.
Steve felt maybe the briefest flicker of confusion as Tony dropped his head – maybe he’d assumed that Tony would lean up to his neck, or take his wrist-
that he was being forced to do less than anyone else, when he didn’t have that right.
...And then realisation, slowly coming into focus… How hard Steve was still breathing, how taut his arms still were...
His eyes fell shut, as a wave of relief crashed through him, washing everything else away-
“So, how awful was it?” Tony asked cheerfully, as they made their way through the main lobby.
“The Tesseract banished me here,” The Red Skull explained, casually - as though that explained anything at all. “It cast me out, doomed me to an eternity of guiding others to a power I once sought to possess.”
. I’d never forgive myself for…” he trailed off into a sad shrug.
And he’d told
Tony knew it couldn’t be
And Steve realised that it’d had the exact effect he’d always dreamed of, too.
There was a soft
And then Steve melted into a puddle, lying flat out on the patio, chest still heaving, without an ounce of resistance left in his body.
hopeful, that actually everything was awful, and… I just felt like I yelled at you with
“I know, it sounds ridiculous - and it’s really not much like all those old fairy tales and horror movies… But, I’m pretty sure that’s where all those myths come from. Because there
And then Tony dug his fingernails into Steve’s shoulder, in
“Are they in danger?”
Maybe he’d have allowed that
He couldn’t fall asleep next to someone
turn around to have this conversation with him – because they’d actually just pulled into the parking space in front of his house.
introduction.”
“Hey, it’s okay,” Tony reassured, walking over to him and placing a gentle palm on his chest.
… and why. Tony knew what specific need this helped to meet…
And then, in a sudden fit of impatience, like he’d simply
do all those things, if you could work out what they were?”
“I’ve never been up there. No one goes up there.”
, Steve, oh please, I’m going to-” but his voice was swallowed by a strangled cry, as Steve took the tip of his cock in his mouth, and
, by admitting that he hadn’t been sure, even at the time-
know what was going on - the man he was in love with had said he didn’t want a serious relationship, and Steve had been so desperate for any sort of relationship that he’d agreed to it. Championed for it, in fact.
And Tony really didn’t mean to sound so angry. He was just so overwhelmed, so at a loss for how to express it-
“So… how come you didn’t?” Steve asked.
He’d just had this impulse that he
that feeling.
The grin melted into an awed sort of anticipation, as Tony placed the faintest touch to his jaw, tilting his head up.
This moment was going to be so much better, if Nick was really going to go there…
He felt the room spin.
he’d end up thinking something really foolish. Or doing something really foolish, without thinking about it, because every instinct in his body was telling him to sabotage himself.
And Steve had completely forgotten that Tony was even there.
silk shirt.
And yet it was like seeing it for the first time.
...And when Steve
“And, of course, you’re under no obligation to stay in this room” Janine added.
that feeling… was Tony being needlessly cruel to both of them, saying no? Or was he being unthinkably selfish, irresponsible, letting Steve get further into this, without knowing what he was getting into…
God, Tony wished he could decide what this was
...He’d thought.
Steve’s hips arched upwards of their own accord as he answered,
There was the physical temptation to keep looking over to him. The constant awareness of the shape of him, just out of his field of vision, like something caught in his eyelash. And the growing danger that he was going to find himself thinking all the things he’d been running from for months – that, if he wasn’t very careful, he’d end up thinking that Steve
“Well…It’s not quite so simple as using her own drug against her. I’m going to have to engineer this, using the other drugs we have access to. And she’s a completely different species, and I’m not familiar with the biology… So, yeah, this isn’t quite what Scott did. This is me suggesting I can maybe
Which was of no comfort at all, obviously, because
And then a laugh bubbled over his lips.
be laughing right now
to convince him that you don’t like him, when that obviously won’t make him like you, and it obviously won’t make him happy - and those are the things you care about. You’re hurting someone you care about and sabotaging yourself at the same time and…” Bucky stuttered into an incredulous silence, whilst he struggled to find the words for this apparent burst of emotion-
Steve fell silent, deliberately looking away so that Tony had a bit more space to think. In the meantime, he considered his options - wondering if it was perhaps best to leave it there for now, and wait until Tony had processed that part of it, before he explained anything else-
to pick a fight, is that it?” Bucky asked her directly.
He hears the voice speaking now - familiar sounds rather than words he recognises… Although somehow he gathers the meaning…
Steve’s lips were still pursed in amazed pleasure, his limbs thrown carelessly at his sides, his body still heaving with exertion and sheened in sweat. His eyes were hooded and still unfocused, glowing icy blue under the warm afternoon light. There was still an awed whimper in every breath he took.
And, okay, he knew that wasn’t a great response. But, honestly, Steve didn’t really know how he felt about that apology…
“Do you think
...Okay, Steve probably wasn’t trying to teach him that he should be honest with Pepper-
And then a monitor beeped.
“Why are you –
By the time they reached the bottom of the staircase, Maribelle was already greeting a group of people at the bar. They both paused, knowing they would have to wait for a better moment to intercept her – knowing there was no need to communicate that fact.
“What’s your name?”
Steve, tossing the dead body of a super soldier aside as though he were weightless - and
“And… I think maybe sometimes you will feel bad about doing the right thing,” Tony carried on. “If you’ve spent your whole life listening to people tell you that you
“Oh God, Tony,” Steve breathed, pulling his hand away from him – grabbing hold of Tony and throwing him onto his back again, before Tony could whine about the loss of contact.
Steve rested his weight on the wall behind him, and let his gun dangle as a dead weight in his hand.
... And a tingling sensation, like the aftertaste of mouthwash-
It wasn’t until he’d led them both to the second floor that Steve realised…
“Are you okay?” Steve asked, when he couldn’t bare the pressure any longer.
. It stripped every ounce of strength out of him, his entire body falling weak in Steve’s hands, a thousand little electric shivers running through his muscles as they relaxed-
...Oh well.
,” Tony told him once again. Steve swallowed his urge to laugh, before he demanded,
“Well…
Tony must be thinking…
conversation should happen.
he wanted that – that it was a deeper need than even what was going on between him and Tony.
have plans for this new world, and his place in it. Even if he acknowledged that he’d have to be flexible, and even if he allowed other people to shape it… it would be
– but it just came out a whimpered string of A and G sounds. And then Tony moved to kiss lower down his neck, sucking hard enough to mark his skin, and lower, until he reached the curve of Steve’s shoulder. And then then he bit down again, just a
It was a bigger responsibility to take, and the more people he trusted with this, the heavier that responsibility became.
“Oh, right,” Steve blinked. And
That he was sitting here, in this room… quite calmly… waiting for something…
want to get our attention in the first place?” Steve hissed, barely able to keep his cool. “Why did they want you working on Bucky’s arm?”
...He still doesn’t know what Bucky means.
he was…
He couldn’t have this.
” Zan spat back bitterly. “Not like your planet, where the whole economy is built on-”
He could only hope that Tony had some plan, when he carried on, calmly,
It wasn’t the same as thinking it after a mission gone wrong.
That he was solid, and powerful, and… brave, and determined-
There couldn’t possibly be anything more important than Steve being hurt,
Some tension began to gather back into Tony’s shoulders, as he eased his way out of the shock and back into his real-life thoughts.
Tony remembered the anger he’d always felt about it… And he realised that it had changed.
and go slow-
relieved that he hadn’t done anything wrong…
There was a surge of release with every mouthful Tony took, a rush of elation, a feeling of total fulfilment and an immediate craving for more, all at once.
And, more importantly, Tony didn’t have the time or the mental capacity to consider the decision too deeply.
Steve
“Oh God, I want you,” Steve breathed, tracing his fingers over the length of him, his own cock pulsing painfully when Tony moaned. Steve pressed a long, slow kiss against Tony’s throat, as he tugged the zipper at Tony’s fly, and slipped his hand into his pants to stroke him through his underwear-
to do - he flinched, and jumped back instinctively.
just been thinking that it was a stupid thing to say. He minded less, when Steve looked at him like that… like he cared if he’d hurt Tony’s feelings. Like he’d bothered to think about what Tony might hear, and not just what he wanted to say. In fact, on the strength of Steve’s sincerity alone, Tony had the sudden inspiration to add “You don’t have to never mention my dad, you know”
Thinking about it, maybe it was because it came from that same instinct to protect Steve above all else. The way Tony understood, so naturally accepted, that the objective best outcome was the one in which Steve suffered the least. That there was no compromising on that one, no way to accept some pain or sacrifice on Steve’s behalf in pursuit of a greater victory… what greater victory?
And then the dip in his stomach and the jolt of adrenaline, as Steve stood up with Tony held firm against his chest… and the surge of awed dizziness that rolled through his head, just for being pressed so close to Steve’s beautiful body...
Did that mean they had to act quickly, before anyone could take this one advantage from them? Or did that mean that it wasn’t really an advantage? That they couldn’t really rely on it, because when it came time to use it, someone else could simply overpower it…
He didn’t even care that he’d completely forgotten the conversation he was in the middle of, he didn’t stop to note that it had been something very important. For a few seconds, that was all there was in the world-
“Yeah… So, thinking about it… the drug show is probably the worst place to learn about the drugs…” Rhodey said, very slowly. Nat barked a laugh, while Pepper carried on staring out over the field. And Steve…
Somewhere in his irritable philosophising and unanswered questions, it occurred to Steve that all of the people meeting up that afternoon would have different concepts of time. Different experiences of time. Different realities.
Because Tony was arrogant - said the man who had no problem letting himself into Tony’s living room, against his express wishes, whilst being generally impatient that Tony had dared to have a life in his absence.
“So, that’s a vampire thing…” Steve murmured, a dreamy smile spreading over his face.
thing before, and he’d dismissed it because
And then everything is dark.
And then stared at the pinkish patch that had appeared on his forearm, and tried to force some feeling of regret. Like gabbing at a tooth you’re worried is loose – trying to make this revelation stronger by testing it, throwing every potential doubt at it.
Bucky’s vital signs, all resting comfortably in the right parameters.
“Okay, but, Steve,” Bucky started, gesturing at his food with his fork, “this actually tastes like sunshine-”
“Steve, are you okay? Talk to me-”
, and
feel like a completely changed man.
...And Steve wasn’t any of the people he was really angry at, or afraid of. He was just the person who had told Tony about them…
And maybe that meant he should stop this, but Jesus Christ he just
This was just
“And, just like in a children’s book, none of us
, when you
he saw Steve again.
He might have screamed, or called out to Steve - he had no idea.
. The things he had thought at some point, the things that just came to mind in the moment.
happen last night?”
“It wasn’t
today-
“And you have a plan for that?” Tony asked, in a voice that Steve couldn’t read.
, because it’s so
And then he felt his body reaching out automatically, a physical reaction to that increasing, wordless longing… one arm stretching across the sheets… searching…
And, God, he’d thought about saying that
human…but not quite.”
eventually recognise the dry, tight feeling crawling over his skin, still, he didn’t panic. It wasn’t painful, or frightening, or… unnatural.
That blue…
And, really, it was just that Steve knew he couldn’t let Adam move.
what the hell is up with you, all of a sudden.”
He wished Tony would yell at him for this.
And found Steve just
“On the strict instruction that you lock it in an attic” Tony mumbled more quietly, sounding endearingly vulnerable and maybe even a little bit pleased. Steve tried unsuccessfully to swallow that emotion back down. And then Tony took a step closer, and gestured to the frame in Steve’s hands, “you can take that one, if you like.”
And then Tony’s hand was on his hip-
And then he seemed to centre himself a bit, and looked over to Steve and Tony.
the queasy, creeping realisation that he didn’t actually remember it…
Tony gave his head a shake, and looked up to catch Sam and Bucky’s attention.
That meant thinking about what he hoped was going to happen
that specific thing that Tony did… That thing he’d never quite been able to put his finger on before now, that
“You think that’s all it is?” Steve snapped the conversation firmly back to the specific mission “You think they
done everything he could to snap himself out of that mood, or ignore that mood, or reprimand himself for forcing others to endure that mood-
How much Steve wanted to be in love, how much he’d wanted to feel a connection exactly like this. That he’d
“Fuck, Tony,” Steve growled, rocking his hips.
afraid, necessarily…
distant excitement-
It was as pristine and expensive-looking as anywhere else in the building, with dark hardwood flaws that’d been polished to a perfect finish, and intricately carved frames and skirting boards that would’ve counted as works of art on their own. At the far end of the room, opposite the grand double doors they’d walked in through, was a raised stage, framed by thick black velvet curtains that were held back by gold-detailed silk. The two other walls were lined with imposing looking wooden chairs, almost certainly antique.
Bucky straighten up in confusion, without even looking at him. But Steve resolved not to look at him, not to draw attention to anything Bucky was thinking or give away anything that was in his own head. He just kept his eyes locked on Jesse, as Jesse continued to monologue,
the dumpsters like this, his view was somewhat obscured - limited to the narrow band of space directly in front of him. All he could see was the few feet of paved space between them and the right side wall of the tower… and, yes, what looked like the edge of an outside door.
The thought of sinking his teeth into Tony’s throat-
“Hey, you wanna come see my room?” Tony suggested in a playful tone.
earned Tony’s trust back
the ways that he liked Tony - that, underneath the unnatural, impossible draw that he was trying to explain, there was also the perfectly human crush he had on Tony… And the increasingly important friendship…
And the sudden, dreadful realisation in his eyes… yeah, that was
At any other time, there might have been some deep analysis of that. ‘Later’, Tony would probably recognise that there were so many things he’d always been frightened of, that maybe he actually
But he
by anything. It was more a casual observation in his own mind.
And, God, he missed that.
And then, when Tony had stripped Steve completely, he put a firm hand to the centre of Steve’s chest, and told him,
But he shook the thought away.
He even considered it, for a second.
It was watching Tony’s face fall that put the same idea into Steve’s head…
been a thing he wasn’t saying. Things he
the absence of all of them.
wasn’t time to leave. And, now that they were actually
people did. The consequences Steve couldn’t possibly be expected to plan for. The pain
. Tony could hear the little lift of hope in Steve’s voice – the
hurt-
The people who loved him for what they thought he
“Like what?” Steve huffed, and then turned to look directly at Bucky when he added, “
This only-vaguely-familiar couch… Which was not his couch…
Steve could hear the way that Tony’s breath caught. He could feel Tony breaking down into more frenetic, jagged motions, just as his own control was beginning to crack. The waves of pleasure began to sharpen into something more urgent, almost painful in its intensity.
mean to exclude you, or disrespect you, or, any of that – but I know I still did those things, and I’m still sorry. I might not have put any intention into hurting you, but I didn’t put nearly enough into
strange, he powered right past it.
So, yeah, okay,
“So, is this not the pollen that’s in the air then?” He asked, before he was sure why.
Steve still
He sighed heavily, and turned to walk into the room. He knew that he should probably be doing his own reconnaissance right now, but he was still waiting for his head to click into gear. He hadn’t figured out which thoughts he was supposed to be ignoring and which he should be forcing himself to focus on… so, for a few moments, he just didn’t. He simply wandered through the suite, in a miserable sort of haze, and tried to take in his surroundings.
There was something exhilarating about the drama of this. Even the anxiety and the angst felt strangely compelling. Real.
Smiling, Steve took a sip of his drink. Lemonade… And something he couldn’t quite put his finger on.
laughed, when I told a joke. You actually did the
to spoil you...”
“Huh?” Steve queried, and Tony could
,” Bucky exhaled, like he was trying to keep his temper. “You’ve got to do literally anything besides
Oh, God, it
leave, and stay out of sight until Sam comes back… If that’s what you want.”
“I’ve missed you too,” he whispered, gazing at Tony like he’d been dreaming of him all his life. He was
“...But the plants have been used by hundreds of thousands of people with human DNA, so I can at least assure you that, in physiological terms, these plants are far safer than many things you consume on a daily basis,” she finished cheerily. “They’re nowhere near as harmful as caffeine, for example.”
“No, maybe not” He grinned. “Maybe I just can’t wait to get this thing done with, so that we can go home, and I
, he already knew that it wasn’t.
“I really
Tony was basking in the warm safety of Steve Rogers arms.
told me that, and I’m annoyed at
Please be aware, this entire chapter is NSFW.
He glanced across the table to where Tony was sitting, indolently scrolling through his phone. Bruce, Nat and Clint were all still taking their seats, Nick huffing impatiently at the front of the room – but Tony’s attention never flickered. Everything about him radiated a total disinterest in his surroundings, to the point of contempt. It used to annoy Steve, how completely self-absorbed Tony was in group settings. But then Steve had noticed how often Tony piped up with the answer to a problem he’d shown no interest in – or tripped Steve up with something that he
But then, Steve didn’t really know where the hell he was. By now, he was too physically, thoroughly miserable to care about things like his surroundings and his appearance and his job. It didn’t
And, God, Tony had spent
“...Thanks,” he deadpanned.
And then, as a natural part of this comfortable little exchange, Tony asked him,
to find a different starting point, Tony had only just realised that the starting point was clearly that he’d gotten close to Steve already. These were no longer individual things that were happening.
much that you could offer them, if only you would,” she went on. “It’s not that I don’t think anyone would be lucky to have you – if you’d just
know that they’re trying to turn the Tesseract into a weapon though, don’t you Nick? This ‘mission for clean, sustainable energy’, you know what that’s really about?”
“You know what their secret project is?” Zan asked, an unmistakable edge of panic on her voice.
But he’d not expected Steve to say something that…
And then his eye caught on a serial number, and a date, printed in tiny, typewritten font on the bottom of the top page - both of which he recognised.
“Oh, Steve, I… I was only ever mad at you because I thought you weren’t sorry. And I was only ever hurt because I thought you didn’t care-”
But Tony remained still, and calm and in control. He took a few seconds to consider Steve’s face, his gaze lingering on Steve’s lips before he kissed him again –
part of his life somewhere else…
occurred to Tony-
And Steve would’ve apologised – awkwardly, maybe, but he would’ve…
And then, at last, Steve remembered all the things that he had been thinking about doing.
of what was going on – enough for Bucky to immediately recognise and understand the puddle he’d just found Steve in. Steve bit back a little giggle, thinking back to last… Saturday, was it? Bucky bursting into Steve’s room, clearly prepped to force Steve into an awkward and angsty conversation that neither of them
...When he did basically the opposite of what he’d done in the first timeline, in fact.
” He threw his hands out, in an attempt to illustrate the size of his point.
He saw the impact hit Wesley square in the chest. Tony watched as all those cognitive anxieties flared into physical terror.
emotions attached to these objective facts, that the very idea of this would usually inspire specific and terrible fears. He was even beginning to remember what some of those fears were. But he simply didn’t feel anything other than comfortable. He just…
Instantly, Steve lit up in an affectionate grin; an automatic response to seeing Tony’s face… Which quickly pinched into a confused frown, as he tried to piece together the story behind this…
going to let something like that drop…
Well, apparently Tony
He smiled to himself and stepped out of the car.
...And then he realised that he’d never seen Tony learn that Captain America was alive, the first time around.
trying to convince himself that he could outrun this…
“You,” Tony told him simply, with a baffled little shrug.
He liked it.
to you - I mean, I’ve only known you a few weeks, and they’ve not exactly been typical weeks… And I think that’s one of the things that was making me hesitate, if I’m honest.”
Hoping that Bucky was better off in the long run, for not having Steve’s issues to deal with on top of his own.
recognition that something about this was off…
“I love you” Tony exhaled. And, oh, Steve
“…That’ll take about twenty minutes or so…” Stape continued, shuffling over to the other trolley, gesturing to the monitor sitting on top of it. Steve didn’t even look at it.
The rest of his ‘class’ had all been shipped out to various SHIELD departments, and were now furtively leaning against walls in research labs and managers’ offices across the world. Not detention facilities and weapons stores - those were guarded by a higher class of security guard, who probably went on a longer orientation and maybe took the ‘no leaning’ thing more seriously. The people that Steve worked with seemed to recognise where they fell on the paygrade, treating it like any other job, never considering that anything interesting might happen in the departments they begrudgingly patrolled.
But Steve set that aside, for the time being.
like the view, like this… Tony kneeling over him, his thighs tensing in desperation, moving against Steve in time with his increasingly frantic panting… Steve indulged in it for as long as he could bare to, until that low ache had tightened into a sharp pain-
Both Steve and Tony snapped to attention just in time to see Zan, turning away from them and
hit him, not while he was in this state.
Except that now he wasn’t sure he even wanted to bother with the ‘toasting’ part. He knew from experience that alcohol never improved a mood like this. And anyway, it wasn’t as though he had much to toast – in the outgoing year, or the upcoming one.
...The endlessly expanding technical map that Tony was putting together. The one that filled Steve with such an excited sense of optimism, even though it kind of went over his head…
of that gesture.
this blow he’d do anything to avoid, throwing the door open with far too much strength-
“It’s just
with minerals it was, it would’ve changed. If it really
sorry
a little longer for the two of you, if the serum enhances those effects at all - but even so, I can assure you, you’re at no risk, and you’ll soon feel like your normal selves again. Well, unless you’d
He looked at Steve to lead the way, knowing that no one was better at memorising and navigating terrain than he was. He marvelled at the way Steve didn’t have to pause – barely had to glance at his surroundings – to find them a way round to the back of the building… To where they’d successfully guessed that the staircase to the fourth floor would be.
much like he was speed reading. But, with a lot of effort and the last dregs of the drugs, Steve was able to make his way through a good few pages of background information… He pushed himself until he realised he’d just read the same sentence three times, and recognised that he’d reached some sort of limit. That he’d better say what he
that mean that the air was still getting him high - or
seemed far more relaxed about this – about all of it – since they’d started working with Tony. Steve was quite sure that, if Bucky was still as anxious about sedation as he used to be,
…Full.
” he jabbed a finger in Wanda’s direction, purely to emphasise that he’d noticed how Clint had declined to call her out, even when challenged-
“That’s okay, because I love being handed things,” Pepper announced - and, immediately, Tony’s shoulders sagged, because he knew where this was going.
hold you responsible for consequences,
… It came easier than he was expecting it to.
But he hadn’t.
The computer announced something, a string of unconnected noises happening far, far away… Steve was too busy telling himself not to kill this man. Not even because of the actual words he was saying. Steve
“I mean, I want to help,” he sighed. “And, obviously, I don’t want to tell Pepper I won’t do literally the one thing she’s asked for in the last twenty years. And I don’t want to tell Barnes,
… I don’t know, thinking about what
And he thought of how much he’d like to wrap Steve up in comfort and luxury like this…
He’d been expecting something along those lines now.
Tony moaned, and let his head fall back against the couch, opening his legs and arching his back and trying desperately to remember the word for please – and then he felt a little shift in the mattress beneath him, and heard a familiar little
Hope you enjoy :-)
“That’s it?”
version of Natasha would never exist again. Not to him. All things going to plan, he and Nat would never take on the whole of Hydra together. They most certainly wouldn’t be collaborating on a two year search for Bucky, or going on the run together. There wasn’t going to be a universal apocalypse for them to live through together. As much as he hoped that he would get to write a different story with a different Natasha, that he would get to become her friend all over again, he knew the friendship they once had would die with her.
pushing him to his feet a hundred times-
He saw, and understood, and even appreciated, that Pepper would always have his back. That she was only ever thinking of what was best for him…
At last he opened his eyes, looking up at Tony with a confused, feral panic. Tony felt a plunge of relief - and, again, he wasn’t sure whether it was because this guy wasn’t dead, or just because
of his previous certainties and priorities, all of his deepest and most horrible fears… were of no use to Steve right now. So.
“Hm. You know, sad though it is, I can see a human corporation enslaving an alien race for that secret alone.” Tony observed. A more serious expression crossed Steve’s face.
to fix this thing.
He knew it was
“Oh! Hi!” Steve responded too enthusiastically. “I’ve heard of you! ...But I don’t know why I’ve heard of you.”
And, honestly, Steve had to pinch back a laugh, just at that. It was just
“Okay… Look, I’m not going to let you shut me out of this, or anything else that’s important like this - that’s not what being together is about…” He began, in a warmer voice. “But that doesn’t mean I don’t understand that there are some things you just… have to do. So. If you’re doing this on your own, the least you can do is
life without any help what-so-ever, whilst never making a bad call or saying something stupid. They should listen to politicians and journalists and Nazi fucking super villains call them a disappointment, and never lose their composure. And
...But no. All Tony could feel right now was calm, and…
And then he remembers him as that feeling of familiarity…
The same strange square writing, like the author had been using graph paper as guidelines… Like an alien trying to make sense of all those erratic sweeps and loops and curves, he reasoned. Trying to make earth’s languages look more like their own.
And what was Steve supposed to say? ‘No, I’m having an existential crisis’?
at them-
“Are you so sure that you
wish I never said anything. But that wouldn’t make it right. You deserve to know all this, and have your say on it, and change parts of it - leave me over it, if you want to. So… Maybe that’s not really a fully fledged plan, exactly. I mean, I do know more details than that, so far… but there’s a lot left to figure out, I know that… and that’s not really what this is about, anyway. This is me letting you know the person I really am and the life I really want. This is me… Promising to tell you what I do know. And what I’m not sure about. And… everything else besides…”
He didn’t know what he should be trying to make happen.
“You deserve to rest, Steve. You deserve to let go of all those burdens, to be safe and warm and happy, to feel good,” he whispered. Watching, entranced, as Steve listened to him. “You
And, as it turned out, it was his desire to be with Tony that won out.
He thought back through the stack of pages that he was collecting over by the stairs-
“And, if they hate us, why wouldn’t they have just killed us?” Bucky added, “Or, I don’t know, pushed us into a hole full of bees or whatever - it’s not like any of us have been putting up a fight.”
NGL, I'm both excited and nervous about this chapter - partly, because I know this scene was very important to my bidder, and I'm just really hoping I've done it justice for them 🤞🤞🤞
it. Just added that little observation, like he had any right or reason to… And before he could kick himself for it, Steve just laughed, and nodded,
That he was asking Steve to work
...And realised that maybe that Figaro guy had a point.
mean we can bring Bucky home that much sooner.”
“Hm,” Steve nodded - because, obviously, he already knew the answer to his own question. And then he took a breath, and made sure to look Tony right in the eye as he told him, very calmly, “well, I know you always want to gather as much detail as possible, whenever you do experiments. So, let me be very clear, just for the sake of your notes - you can be defensive if you want to be. You can be outright aggressive if you like. I’m still going to love you, and I’m still going to have your back, and I’m still going to be on your side, completely and without qualification. Even if you snap at me and mock me and challenge me… Even if you
stop Tony from saying all these things… that he so much wanted to hear…
He’d love to think that he could just ‘be himself’ and ‘go with the flow’ and ‘learn as he went’ and have it all work out… But he’d tried that once.
...But none of that dampened the instant, emotional impact of watching Tony fall asleep.
“Jesus Tony, you have no idea how hot you are right now,” Steve breathed, running his eyes over Tony’s body, his chest still rising and falling, hard and fast. And Tony felt a sudden thrill of excitement, a rush of gratification, even smugness-
that this wasn’t the same Tony he’d left behind in 2023.
“I’ll see if there’s anything I can brew to help you, but I can’t promise.” She added. And they both nodded.
Steve stood to attention as Tony stormed out onto the doorstep.
Steve’s shoulders slumped with relief, a pleasant giddiness floating though his head as it hit him. The last of his daytime thoughts abandoned him completely, along with all the guilt and doubt and anger. That change in him was complete, and the only words left in his head were,
happen…
“Well, I’m not the best judge of what is and isn’t weird” Steve conceded.
Tony felt a more genuine smile warm through, as Pepper reeled off all the little details she’d gathered about this text. Of course, he’d not told her everything that was going on – so far, neither she nor Rhodey even knew that he’d been drinking Steve’s blood, much less that Tony had actually bitten him. He’d not really given either of them an explanation, when he’d asked for their help in researching this, after all this time-
Steve had no idea how much time had passed before that swell of giddiness had run its course - but he was still flushed, and sweaty, and breathless, when he tried to lift his head again.
But for a good few seconds, Steve was too emotionally overwhelmed to hear it.
Actually, as it happened, Steve
He threw his head into the pillows petulantly, fighting an urge to fling the phone to the side. Entirely hypothetically, he asked himself when this had happened to him, where the tipping point was between the normal human being he used to be and the emotional wreck that was lying here right now. Did he come out of the ice a completely different person? Had the weeks of confusion and exhaustion chipped away at the man he once was? Had he
open up and swallow me…” he lamented.
His arm was still heavy when he lifted it – but he
None of which was any use to him, without more information…
thought that finding someone who would agree to have him – as unlikely as that seemed – was actually a pathetic and selfish ambition. That was the foundation for all of his guilt and apprehension. The underlying assumption that Steve – that
A black leather collar, sitting on a white satin inlay - like an item of fine jewellery.
“But it
“Oh, God, Steve, no-” Tony broke in, aghast. “No, I didn’t mean… You didn’t…”
A not-especially-well-designed dart gun – almost certainly adapted from a traditional weapon. But still, he was sure.
He had always,
“...How are you feeling?” He asks, after a pause.
He felt Tony break, pulling into Steve with a helpless moan as he came-
know I should’ve done all those things, now, it seems so obvious now, and I can’t explain what I was thinking then, just that I did really try to… do the
When the door opened behind him, he didn’t even jump. He realised that somewhere between being left in this room and now, he’d fallen into a genuine
Then thinking it was dangerous.
there was pulsing in his veins. He would look at the scars on his arms fading, the lines on his skin melting away, the shimmer that had appeared on his hair and nails... He’d stretch into his shoulders, and flex his fingers, and just
Was yet another point, yelling for attention in the general chaos of Tony’s head. Along with a feeling of guilt, that
about having to get undressed first-
of him sometimes… like it was always buried in him somewhere. That distance. That loneliness. The fact that he would’ve liked
share that excitement… or he would, when he had time for it. For now, he could only hope he’d managed to at least look as though he was listening – and promise to feel appropriately bad, and make sufficient amends, just as soon as he was able.
That’s how the fantasy always went – because it wouldn’t be fun, it wouldn’t be satisfying, it wouldn’t be
“Yours, God yours, only yours,” Steve pleaded, high pitched and desperate, grinding into him-
And the reason he’d invited Sam over was because Bucky still came to visit him, or to hang out with he and Steve occasionally – and had gushed so enthusiastically about his new relationship that Tony had actually
And Steve knew that he should know the man in the jumpsuit, he knew that he’d
, he noted – not Varians. In fact-
simply indulge in the memory of Steve pushing into him… his perfect body, tense with need and sheened with sweat…
“Hm? Oh, yeah… Just… tired…” He sighed.
resented.
“Oh, about three months” Possibly-Trish answered “But we’re not going to be like the people who end up staying here for
“And, almost certainly, a way to collect data” Tony added. “
observations.
That what he’d felt was
“Hm,” Steve smiled into his hair. And then, really just as a piece of mindless conversation, he added, “I assume you have a pool? For when I
Tony wouldn’t feel ashamed if Steve was really there, he knew he wouldn’t. He wouldn’t feel
And, obviously, he
well.” Steve corrected, and Tony chuckled again.
Steve felt something inside him wilt, a cold void opening up in the middle of his fury.
He’d only ever pictured life with Steve as a series of vignettes, never troubling himself to wonder how they’d fit together – it had always been a purely hypothetical imagining, a
happened?” He asked again, more firmly, taking a little step closer so that he could look for himself.
And then, just as he was beginning to ask himself what happened, he felt the slightest little shift on the mattress beside him - and he remembered.
to hear what Steve really thought about last night for him to know what he really thought about Steve. That he already
“I need to borrow your car,” Tony repeated, fixing her with a serious look. Pepper stared at him for a second, and then screwed her eyes shut and shook her head.
“…Come here.”
He could barely remember doing it.
pause to consider that this was all very…
Tony sighed, heavily. Already dreading the tedious reasoning he’d have to go through, to make Bucky see the real risks of letting people get too close… But not in the same way he usually did. It didn’t seem quite as… inevitable, as it usually did. It felt more like the start of a conversation than the delivery of a statement
sure of anymore - the only thing he didn’t have to think about.
His hands were shaking slightly as he gazed down at the frosted face of Steve Rogers, aged 27. He had spent so long thinking about the mistakes this man had made, the things he’d gotten wrong, the times that he had failed… He’d expected to feel resentment, when he got here. Whenever he’d imagined this moment it was with a vague feeling of embarrassment - cold, and queasy, and without any sort of nostalgic affection. And yet looking at himself now, Steve was perhaps a little more empathetic… a little kinder. He found himself genuinely hoping that this person was going to be okay, that he made something of himself - that he learned all this, and more, in the life he was going to lead…
Steve let go of a trembling breath, his face flushing with a happy tearfulness as he whispered back,
that,” Steve nodded. “I mean, I’m not going to lie and say that I’m not
tell me anything, don’t you?” Tony told him, his voice soft and serious all at once. “You know that I…
How his persona might be changed by this change to the foundations of it… How much of it would become a self fulfilling prophecy-
“You are feeling sleepy, very sleepy…” Tony joked, mindlessly, after he finally injected the anaesthetic. Mocking the stereotypical hypnotists from every Bugs Bunny cartoon. Bucky snorted a laugh, but already it sounded heavy and distracted, as he fell softly into sleep. Tony let his eyes rest on Bucky for a few moments more than necessary. Gearing himself up for what had to happen. Practicing his dialogue one last time.
He flinched it away.
“Compiling results now,” JARVIS replied, as a hologram display flashed into life and rapidly filled with names and dates…
hurt you, and you step up to it anyway, every time, just because you think it’s right… And for the fact that you are so much
After a while, and a few brave conversations… and a few unexpectedly
as he muttered,
And then the door opened.
“Sit,” he instructed, glancing at the seat to the other side of him. There was a darkness in his voice, a safe sort of firmness… something that tingled through Steve’s ribs and made him feel pleasantly weak…
