And if he knew that John was coming.
With open displeasure, he shrugged himself out of the other man's frenetic grip.
Mycroft doubted that would be appreciated but refrained from pointing it out.
Well, he is sure that the meeting will be a brief one, as he will have no news of Sherlock’s whereabouts to offer. And he needs to keep an eye on the clock so he can get back here to administer the final injection in time.
He thought he had managed to convince the doctor of the advantages of conversing over the phone instead of doing it face to face.
“That was rather the question I came here to ask you. When is the last time you saw him, doctor Watson?”
“Probably have him disposed of, one way or another.”
He had humiliated him of course, enjoyed him physically in every shape or form, but broken his spirit completely?
He liked the threat of danger occasionally, the rush of the chase that made his adrenaline spike through the roof. But when he wasn’t chasing criminals with Sherlock, he longed for the simple life where he could cuddle with his boyfriend on the sofa, lazy Sunday mornings in bed, cooking together perhaps.
He was tired of listening to Magnussen, tired of his voice, his superior manner, the way he talked about everyone as if being chess pieces on a board he was in charge of.
read them? I thought it was only Mycro....I mean Mr Holmes who did that?”
“We have been through the larger scheme of it, I’m planning to meet him tomorrow night for a final run-through, then the plan must be set in motion. If we wait any longer, it will be too late.”
He tried to waive these thoughts away, he could hardly afford to be distracted by sentiment at a time like this, but persistently they stayed at the back of his mind for the duration of the car ride.
“My brother is a person who is not used to being told what to do. If he decided that he didn’t want to meet you for lunch, there is nothing you nor I could have done to change his mind. Maybe it was just a whim, maybe he simply forgot or maybe....well...”
A glitch.
But what a mess this was nonetheless!
“Chemistry. A waste of time if you ask any member of my family, and I might actually be inclined to agree”
“I see. Then I should perhaps make his acquaintance more properly and thank him in person."
But at the same time he was very reluctant to leave now that Sherlock was finally confiding in him.
And indeed, as time went by, he became a bit sloppy instead. Wrote the reports with minimal effort and soon omitted anything beyond the absolutely necessary.
He took a sip of the lukewarm cup of tea he had made himself earlier and heard the familiar sound of someone opening the door behind his back.
“And are you up to that sort of commitment, Dr Watson? As you point out, it will never be easy with him. Constantly drawn to danger and risk, it is certain to get hazardous more than once.”
Because even if this was a fair deal that could very well lead to good opportunities in the future if he performed his expected duties well, why did it also feel like he was striking up a deal with the devil?
“It seems Jeremy Marcus has decided to be the sole carer of Sherlock from now on.....”
It was the distinct sound of someone whistling.
John shook his head and reached for Sherlock’s cold hand, pressing it reassuringly.
He recalls what he knows of the aftermath of that particular afternoon and there sadly isn’t much.
“You won’t be able to figure it out you know, but your theory about the wasp sting was a pretty good one, so you’re not as incompetent as many of your predecessors,” he said and John’s eyebrows shot up. Was that supposed to be a compliment wrapped in an insult or vice versa?
He couldn’t really see why that was though.
“Why are you standing there like a spectre, ogling at me?” came a familiar if somewhat raspy voice from the bed and Mycroft took a few steps forward, letting his usual mask of distant complacency fall back into place.
“Please do,” Magnussen said casually. “It is always such a shame when a competent man in such a high position suddenly is gone. It leaves a void, I’m sure. Luckily there are other competent men to take his place, wouldn’t you agree, Mr Holmes?”
“He just called and said that I could keep the ring but that he wasn’t ready to take the plunge, that it had to do with him and not me, that he needed time to figure himself out first, making it sound like he was reading straight out of some breakup manual or something.”
He contemplated leaving the man where he was to go search for a medical kit, hoping that it would be well-equipped and perhaps contain an adrenalin shot. But on the other hand he felt reluctant to simply leave him there on the pavement alone and unsupervised, what if he died while John was away?
While still in his sweaty running gear, Mycroft had looked decidedly disappointed with Sherlock’s story so far, but at least he had bothered to ask who the person who waited for Magnussen was.
Things were soon coming to an end though and Magnussen had already started to think about how he was going to continue keeping Mycroft Holmes under his thumb.
He heads straight for a motel not far away from the clinic where he had been working only a few days ago.
Foolish of him to think that Sherlock would ever change though. People like him didn’t change and why should they, as long as others around them catered to that behaviour without evoking consequences.
He bent over and began to do mouth-to mouth again while his mind raced with a million thoughts, fervently hoping that help would soon arrive….
“I know exactly what you mean. It’s a brutal world out there and when you reach a certain age....”
Despite the fact that he practically got no response from the almost unconscious man, John remained calm, knowing that losing control now could be the difference between life and death, and as he had seen far worse during his time abroad, he performed his duties with a steady and assured pace.
“Well, no.....”
It looked just like he remembered the place and yet it felt like ages since he had been here last.
?” he mumbled, closing his eyes while Sherlock’s other hand began tugging at the lining of his sweater to get it off.
“Stop your provocations, Sherlock. Try getting into character instead or you truly will be witnessing just how cold I can be when sufficiently provoked.”
And that’s where you come in. Once you get invited to his house, keep him sufficiently occupied for me to take care of the rest. I have my guess as to where the vault might be located, but I need you to help me. As he thinks I’m temporarily removed from the scene, he won’t suspect my involvement.”
“I’m better equipped today.”
John had grabbed a firm hold of the wandering arm and twisted it against the other man’s back, pressing a little more forcefully than strictly necessary just for the pleasure of hearing a gasp of pain. Then he deftly turned the struggling body so he could face it before he pressed his mouth to an ear, his turn to do some whispering, his voice decidedly more hostile.
He went down on his knees on the floor and took Sherlock’s hand in his, while he felt his bradycardic heartbeat with his stethoscope. The symptoms did indeed suggest some sort of opioid overdose even if he felt uncomfortable theorising with such little proof, he only hoped that the Narcan would prove sufficient and constrain the effect of the presumed morphine.
“Wait. Do you have a second? Please, I just need to talk to someone.”
His fists tightened and Mycroft pursed his lips in displeasure, before he turned his back on the angered doctor and walked out of the room. His exit was more ominous than if he had slammed the door in his wake.
He then turned towards John and nodded, his features showing no sign of the harsh words he had just uttered.
“Do you need a reminder of who I am referring to?
. As much as anyone can.”
John stared hard at him, preventing himself at the last moment from clenching his fists. Was this a thinly veiled taunt?
“Are you always this antsy after sex or are you actually suffering from a guilty conscience like me? It would be highly understandable if you did, considering your engagement” he said and drew a tired hand through his hair.
“Meaning?”
“A completely new player in the game, someone far more interesting than your relatively harmless media mogul.”
“When Victor came by the house tonight and I heard him being denied access to visit me and how agitated he became because of it, I figured that there was at least a 30 % chance of him seeking you out to get some answers. I seized the opportunity and came here shortly after he left the house. And predictably, he did not disappoint. Admittedly that gun he had with him was an unexpected twist of events and I didn’t manage to hear much of what you said to each other, except for that final threat you made, but I’m assuming it was the usual stupid possessive tosh. 30 % is admittedly not a particularly good number, but in this case my gamble payed off. Because whatever you might say about Victor, at least his jealousy came in handy for once and accomplished something that I had failed to achieve on my own. Sending a car or my brother to do my bidding has so far not earned me any success at all.”
? There is no
John doesn’t even want to begin contemplating what someone like Mycroft really gets up to without anyone knowing.
Besides, he had other plans for Victor that were much more in line with the sort of punishment Mycroft envisioned for a person who had put not only him but also his brother through the ordeal Victor had managed to torture them with.
The house was eerily quiet.
When Saturday arrived, John was as ready as he was ever going to be when facing Sherlock and his fiancé officially together for the first time.
Magnussen waived her away without asking if John wanted anything. He had a glass of amber liquid in a crystal glass on the desk but was clearly not interested in offering his guest a glass of his own.
“Oh, not to worry, Mr Holmes, I think he will see things from my point of view from now on. I sent him a little incentive to help him make up his mind. In fact, I was actually expecting
Magnussen who looked very relaxed in his chair, seemed undisturbed by the harshness of Dr Roylott’s tone.
details from the narration. As his older brother I’m not particularly eager to listen to what he gets up to in the bedroom.”
“Because we’re about to get company. A car just pulled up on the driveway.”
Magnussen raised his eyebrows in mock surprise, that infuriating smile still playing on his lips. He looked very smug and it grated immensely on Mycroft’s nerves.
The man pointing, he recognised as a supervisor named Mr Rudd who was seldom seen on the work floor with the others but rather kept to himself in his office. John had not dealt with him personally but had seen him during staff meetings and heard him talk about safety regulations once or twice.
“But can’t you see that he is miserable?” John objected.
The seed about Sherlock possibly suffering from a drug addiction had already been planted earlier and had resulted in Magnussen’s first suspicions at the dinner party. He did after all know about Sherlock’s past as an addict and knew what a slippery-slope such cravings could turn into.
“The garden. It’s the best part of the estate, and this window is the perfect lookout spot.”
The tone in his voice made Magnussen turn around to look at him.
Mycroft gave the frantic man in front of him a stern look but then yielded a little bit when he considered the circumstances.
Too preoccupied with hiding his feelings, no doubt, the tension between him and Trevor had been obvious for everyone in the room to witness, including those hired to be there for the sake of pretence and with little insight to the intricacies of the supposed love triangle going on between the doctor, his patient’s and the patients possessive fiancé.
He had always been more or less obsessed with all sorts of criminal activity, the more gruesome and cunning the better and at one point their parents had even wondered if it was a future criminal mastermind that their youngest son strived to become. Combined with his other strange peculiarities it wasn’t too surprising that they assumed this to be the case, even if Mycroft had never truly believed that his brother would choose that particular career for himself.
But when he thought more closely about it, he realised that working for Mycroft Holmes wasn’t such a tempting option anymore. Instead he decided that he should start looking for a new job as soon as possible and then leave this place and all the bad things that came with it. He wanted nothing more to do with either Holmes brother so the sooner he was able to leave, the better.
The fact that Mycroft has always been dangerous isn’t exactly news, but never before has John realised to what extent Mycroft’s personality is truly twisted.
There was never a superficial purpose for people to dislike him, they did so because of what he did, not because of what he looked like. Normally he simply displayed a hint of slight amusement, as if it was all just a game to him. A pointless but entertaining side-business. He usually didn’t gain that much by his extortions, he did it simply because he could.
“That brings me to another area of interest.” Magnussen turned around in his chair to face John again. “I’m not sure you have been informed of the latest development regarding your former patient’s health status? There has been a sudden change of events that occurred this very morning and which has given us all quite a shock. Especially his fiancé, who was not fully updated of this unfortunate deterioration of Sherlock’s health, mostly because Mycroft Holmes had not bothered to inform him of it.”
Fortunately for him, this office was one of those Scandinavian designer rooms where everything was very sparse and didn’t offer a lot of good hiding places, so he managed to sweep it quickly enough before stepping back into the living room just in time for the woman to come in and give him a disapproving glare while she kept a phone firmly to her ear.
He seldom slept there anymore, they used Sherlock’s much larger room both for sleeping in and for sex. But occasionally, when Sherlock wasn’t home or not going to bed at all, John sometimes climbed the stairs to his old room. The darkness made it impossible to see clearly down the seventeen steps that lead to the ground floor, all he saw was a velvet blackness and even if John wasn’t particularly scared of the dark, he quickly turned his eyes upwards instead and determinedly went ahead to his own lodgings instead.
But perhaps that concept had been wiped away when you started working for a man like Magnussen who had based his whole enterprise on revealing the most private darkest secrets imaginable. That probably messed with the perception of what to share and what to keep to yourself.
“Very well, as you wish. I’ll try to be succinct and get to the point straight away then.”
“There is only so much I can do to feign interest in other people, this is asking too much.”
A familiar longing for something he couldn’t quite describe. Maybe it was the house that made him sentimental, these weren’t emotions he normally allowed himself to dwell on.
Mycroft turns his eyes away from the screen and locks them with John’s instead.
“He was unconscious, someone said coma but I’m not sure. They’re taking him to some fancy place where the older one has connections and is paying for his care. The ambulance looked different than what they usually look like, but sounded just like they all do, woke the whole house up when it arrived.”
. Your body is positively trembling with pent-up anger right now, so it wasn’t a particularly difficult conclusion.”
Granted, he would not have been aware of Magnussen’s blackmailing habit, but he would most likely have been unwilling to discuss anything private regarding himself and Sherlock anyway, whatever monetary rewards Magnussen would be inclined to offer him.
“And not even once did you consider informing me that you all along were playing a different game than I was? I did talk to you just an hour before I went to his house after all...”
No progress then.
“Well, I don’t know. Seems pretty creepy to me,” John mumbled. “I’m no expert on art but I think it might be a bit too dark for my taste.”
She was not permitted to stop until he had specifically said so and she had been at it quite relentlessly a good twenty minutes by now, her arms moving mechanically with the washcloth over the shiny surface. Whatever spot he had initially made her clean-up had vanished a long time ago by now, but he did enjoy the look of torture her face conveyed on account of the probably very arduous movements of her arms. So he just kept her going, wondering which body part was going to start trembling first, her knees or her hands.
“You’ll be properly instructed by me tonight of course.”
It had been a necessary argument though, unlike a lot of the others they got themselves involved with. Sherlock needed to realise some fundamental rules and the consequences of breaking them and even if Mycroft realised that it had not been an appreciated lesson he knew it had to be done.
“I merely suggested....” Mycroft began and now that the initial surprise over being attacked was beginning to subside, he looked angry as well.
Mycroft gave him a disapproving look. This was hardly
Reluctantly Sherlock clammed his mouth shut again, and John gave him a satisfied nod before he continued.
It’s a tiresome task but he needs to keep doing it for at least a few more weeks. Then he can switch over to simply letting Anthea send the obligatory report in an e-mail.
John cringed for a second as that last bit made him sound like some calculating opportunist, but Sherlock opened his eyes to give him a challenging look, eyebrows raised as if daring John to say otherwise.
And as if reading his thoughts, Magnussen made a circular move so he came in front of the sofa and then, as predicted, he climbed upon it to get better access and gain some leverage.
But as the second day was heading for late afternoon, things were beginning to tingle a little beneath the surface, in John’s case it was annoyance that was about to make an appearance, and in Sherlock there was obvious restlessness as he hated being confined to the role of a recovering patient.
Sherlock must have been here and if a button had been ripped from his shirt, it indicated that something violent must have occurred.
As if sensing his hesitance Mycroft decided to clarify his words.
Sherlock looked very handsome in a black slim-fit suit and a white shirt underneath, naturally with the top button undone to expose his pale slender neck rising from the collar, and his dark curls seemed more tamed than they usually were, a vision in black contrasting beautifully against the paleness of his skin.
Being more experienced he guided the younger man to different ways of achieving the most pleasurable orgasms but Sherlock was a quick learner who not only took John’s advice but soon also managed to excel at his task by accomplishing sexual performances that made John’s cock hard as rock just thinking about them. It occasionally made him doubt that Sherlock truly was such an innocent ingénue in this field as he presented himself to be, but he chose to not stoke those flames of doubt any further, deciding to just enjoy what he had and not overanalyse things too much.
He couldn’t lie convincingly, never had managed it properly, not even the occasional fib growing up, and right now, with a game at this level where everyone else were several steps ahead of him, he realised that he probably never had a chance of managing to fool someone like Magnussen. It had been pointless all along, just a futile attempt at holding on to something that never had any hope of success.
“There is no escaping me, Sherlock dear. Remember that,” he mumbled, his lips still pressed against the pulse point. “There are places for filthy little addicts like you to be locked up if this nonsense continues, but not even those facilities would be able to offer you a hiding place. It would just be another bed in another room and with no one around to hear you being penetrated by me. Could be quite a relief for you brother actually, being given a reprieve from hearing you choking on my cock every other night. Do you think he puts his cameras on mute while I’m here or does he actually cut the feed completely so he can continue to pretend that his little brother isn’t such a whore? What do you think?”
The brothers continued to stare at each other for a long stretch of time until Sherlock finally hissed through gritted teeth:
He will continue to keep a weather eye on John Watson of course, just to make sure that his path will never cross with Sherlock’s again, and because the doggedness of the doctor’s pursuit of his flatmate’s abductor will probably never die down.
Why had Sherlock bothered with drugging John Watson if not going after the one man he knew John positively hated? Why simply not just take his trusted companion with him as he usually did? This could not be one of his brother's usual cases, it had to be related to Magnussen somehow.
And granted, his own habit of comparing himself to Mycroft was not something other people would do if not faced with the two of them together, standing next to each other. But it was something Sherlock had always used as an inner measuring block when trying  to describe himself, since Mycroft had after all been the first person he had actively scrutinized as a child and still held as some sort of model of comparison out of sheer brotherly habit.
“I haven’t begged for mercy in my life, it would be a shame to start now, seeing as it is just about to end.”
The irony that he was in huge part to blame for it himself, wasn’t lost on him. There had been many paths he could have chosen along the way where he had most decidedly made the wrong choice, but looking back on his life, this could be said to be a recurring feature, even if he had seldom regretted any of it afterwards.
Leaning back in his seat on the tube, travelling back to Baker Street, he couldn’t help but feel a sense of giddiness about this latest move. As far as results went, he was not in any way closer to finding the vault or the identity of the mysterious guest. But this had showed Magnussen what sort of person he was, and the man had been more than intrigued, the bait taken and swallowed, want practically glowing in his eyes at the sight he had been presented with.
“We had sex, yes.”
Even Sherlock himself knew how John felt about him.
That voice had sounded so real and something must have caused him to wake up from his heavy slumber. Could a dream really create such a lasting after-effect?
is it that your brother does for a living, I don’t think I’ve ever been able to figure it out?”
“You know how I mentioned that I might need your help?” Sherlock said as they slowly walked down to the water, John doing his best to forget how poorly dressed he was to be walking along a shore at night. “Well, the thing is this....”
“Fine. But he isn’t aware that you’re coming.”
“Yes, Sir. I’m on it.”
Sherlock stretched out like a cat, his elegant fingers dancing in the morning light coming from the window, curls tousled and contentment on his face.
“This isn’t something that is easy for me to admit!  I’m usually a very rational man who deals with matters of logic, not things to do with
Irony has it that James Moriarty proved useful with his talent for keeping himself anonymous, making him perfect to use as inspiration when creating Sherlock’s imaginary kidnapper.
He loved Sherlock, had done so for a very long time and a night of selfishly reckless behaviour from the man wouldn’t change that fact.
“The prime minister or Mr Magnussen?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Younger or not, Mr Holmes is usually in reference to my father or brother; Sherlock will be fine.”
“...When I managed to convince Mr Holmes that his brother wasn’t with me....” Magnussen said in the background before John tuned him out.
And if Magnussen was to be believed, there seemed to have been plenty of lines crossed between them already. No wonder Dr Watson was ready to unravel by the seams with such a deceitful lover.
John feels secretly happy that he doesn’t have to look at the photo anymore, he doesn’t need any further reminders of choices made in the past. He has more than enough regrets staring him straight in the face whenever he decides to join Sherlock on a case anyway. Like he had today. Before he got stuck here, in Anderson’s old room with Lestrade, facing ghosts from the past.
The fact that Sherlock had quite suddenly sworn off helping him had been an unexpected turn of events. He knew his brother had clearly not told the truth about his visit to Magnussen and the discovery that he had exited with his clothes in a disarray from Magnussen’s flat was a cause for concern, a clear sign that his brother had done something neither he nor Dr Watson would have approved of.
For a brief moment a glimpse of something almost predatory flashed in his eyes and John felt confusion suddenly clearing his more lust-ridden thoughts.
A cigarette was as usual dangling between his fingers and despite John’s dislike of that habit it was a comfortable sight to behold.
“I think we need to spend a little time talking about facts now, Sherlock. As a man of logic I always thought you would prefer that angle instead of wasting time in la la land, but on the other hand, considering what a drama queen you are, I guess I shouldn’t be surprised that you prefer your own fabricated fantasy world to the dreary one the rest of us have to put up with.”
John did once give it a try, one afternoon when Sherlock was out, just to get the feel of it, see what the fuss was all about, but it felt like intruding on something he wasn’t supposed to be doing and he didn’t stay seated long enough to really feel what it was like.
Mycroft took a tentative bite of his cake, adverting his eyes for a second as if allowing John some peace to come to terms with his own actions, as if Mycroft knew what he done, sending that note to Victor.
“This isn’t the same as it was in the past. I didn’t attempt to seduce you, I simply wanted to be with you because I’ve missed you,” Sherlock attempted to explain but John wasn’t willing to hear it.
“Fine. Start asking your questions and I’ll do my best to answer them as well as I’m able.”
“Well, I do try, for our parent’s sake. It’s not that we dislike each other per se, but we have different interests and personalities. I’m not someone who is prone to friendliness on account of a fraternal connection.”
“Remember how cocky you where earlier this evening? People like you who strut around gloating, more pride than actual sense between their ears. It’s always particularly enjoyable to take you lot down, because there is always a different tone by the end on the evening. Some of you even beg for mercy, in vain I might add, I can’t and won’t do anything to save you. “
But even if his brother didn’t say anything, it was clear that he wasn’t as convinced as John was of the validity of Sherlocks’ version.
“Let’s hope so. I wouldn’t want my beloved to be harmed in any way before our wedding day. He is far too dear to me.”
As usual Sherlock was not bothered by this information.
“That’s part of it, yes. There is more to it of course, but nothing I feel the need to discuss with you or anyone else. All you need to know is that I won’t continue as his physician.”
It felt almost like an addiction, and he realised that he should try to wean himself off it now as the situation was threatening to become even worse if he didn’t, and yet he couldn’t force himself to do that as he still longed to be with Sherlock for the limited amount of time that was left.
Those who want to see a different take on the final ending are free to read this epilogue but be aware that it won't be a "happily ever after" kind of thing. The choice is up to you.
Mycroft sighs and steels himself for the tardy task of talking to the man in person.
Magnussen seemed more interested in shouting out his dominance and taste for opulence and with that thought in mind, John was greeted at the entrance by a woman in such a strikingly lilac tight-fitting dress and staggeringly high-heeled shoes that John at first didn’t take her for Magnussen’s P.A but a woman stepping out of a fashion spread.
He is a man who mainly deals in information, the delicate kind, the type that creates scandals, ruins people’s lives, forces those with high positions in society to resign.
Things were beginning to make a little more sense to Mycroft suddenly, especially as he now knew that Sherlock had been sent one of these photos as a threat yesterday.
Mycroft had drawn a hand across his face in exasperation at the sight of it, eying the shards of glass scattered in front of him as well as the liquid seeping into the carpet. Then he had redialled the number in order to talk to Sherlock.
But despite his bitterness he also realised that he still longed to see Sherlock again. That he, if he could, would give anything for Sherlock to be his instead of marrying that smug bastard Victor Trevor who seemed so different from Sherlock that John could hardly believe they had fallen in love and decided to get married in the first place. Sure, Victor was clearly smitten, that fact was obvious, but what about Sherlock, did he really feel the same way?
“We had a cup of coffee after the medical exam, I must have forgotten it when I left,” John quickly offered.
Allowing a man like Charles Augustus Magnussen to become more influential was something that needed to be stopped before he began targeting the people who truly mattered.  Mycroft himself had not yet been affected, but considering the pace at which this man was causing havoc among his colleagues, it was only a matter of time before it happened.
Sherlock laughed incredulously.
“So his threat is really eliminated then? He no longer holds any sway over anyone?”
And speaking of their first encounter.....
“Probably,” Mycroft mumbled, thinking about the rage in John’s eyes when he had seen him earlier. It was quite plausible that there would be no relationship left by the end of this evening.
, John thought as he returned back to work and pushed the nagging feeling of regret as far away as possible from his mind.
And he was alone.
But at the same time, it is
Without looking at him, Sherlock shrugged, staring out across the lake, making it difficult to tell what he was truly feeling. Not that John had ever been very good at predicting what went on inside his head.
Still surprised by this sudden turn of events, John couldn’t come up with anything to do but follow Mycroft out the door, hurrying his steps to catch up.
“Oh, I was planning to, as I’m sure Victor will do as well. But I might need to wait for a day or two, Sherlock looked a little unwell tonight, don’t you agree? Those eyes were like flaming orbs and the cheeks very flushed. Maybe something for you to check up on, doctor? We wouldn’t want him to succumb to something bad so close to the wedding.”
“You know, you’re too cocky for you own good sometimes.”
Just as John waits to see what will happen next, as he usually doesn’t stick around to see the aftermath when things turn toxic between the Holmes brothers, he hears the sound of the door being unlocked behind his back, so he presses the pause button and turns around to face the person he assumes must be Mycroft, hopefully coming to deliver some news, but likely is here simply to stare disapprovingly at the glass of whiskey and John’s finger on the remote.
“I’m not letting him go!” he said stubbornly.
A thought hit him and he couldn’t help but wonder it this was perhaps similar to what Sherlock experienced every time he realised something significant.
Mycroft chose to ignore his brother's question by focusing on John instead and nodded in greeting.
John gave him a long hard look but realised that Mycroft most likely meant what he said, it was a matter of solving this situation without causing any further problems and as much as John hated to be bullied into doing anything, he realised that he wasn’t willing to leave either.
“Mr Magnussen, this is my younger brother Sherlock. He showed me the curtesy of accompanying me this evening, despite his misgivings about the nature of the event.”
He stopped for a second as if to see that John was keeping up with the flow of information that was being delivered. When no questions were raised, he continued in the same factual tone of voice.
Mycroft wasn’t as equally perplexed. He knew Sherlock after all and if his brother had wanted to leave John Watson behind for some reason, using sedative drugs sadly wasn’t beneath him. But there was no use going into the fragile morass of his brother’s questionable principles right now, it could wait for a better suited timing.
With his best effort of an imperious look directed at Magnussen, his grip of the umbrella handle keeping him grounded, Mycroft took his time before replying, just to allow his whirling thoughts to settle back to a calm control.
There was also the case of how much to administer, how much morphine Sherlock might have taken, the added intake of alcohol that he had consumed earlier and so forth. Too many unknown variables for his liking but what else could he do with the limited options he had been given.
Normally things like that didn’t run smoothly, this was a common self-storage and if people wanted to retrieve anything from there they were supposed to do it themselves, but along with the contact information Mycroft had given him last night, there had also been the name and number to a person assigned to help him procure everything he might need while being in charge of Sherlock’s health and a quick call to this individual assured him that his medical bag would arrive the following evening at the latest.
Sherlock immediately snapped back.
Sherlock now turned to face John again, sticking his hands into his pockets to keep them warm, shivering a little bit. From the cold or from sheer frustration was difficult to tell.
But as much as it chagrins him to give Mycroft as much as an inch of being right, John can see that such an assignment would be more his sort of job than watching hours upon hours of his domestic life presented as a rerun on a screen.
Was he worried that John would cause a scene? Or that Victor would be able to tell something was going on?
“Not very surprising that you would think that.”
And for the first time John wondered why the bloody hell he put up with any of this, why he had ever believed that Sherlock Holmes was someone who would reciprocate the love John felt for him, that they ever had a chance of becoming a couple when in reality John knew nothing about the man sprawled out in front of him on the sofa. He had no bloody idea who the person with the bleeding nose, the drugs problem, the lies and the razor-sharp tongue actually was.
Allowing the sense of relief to settle, he was just about to move forward, passing one of those luscious lilacs that he enjoyed the scent of when passing them on his way to the lake every morning, when he suddenly felt an arm snake its way around his middle and a gust of breath against his neck sent a jolt of fear down his spine despite his best effort to tamper down any sudden movements. His whole body went rigid and he wished he had made the effort to reclaim his gun after all.
“You know, you have nothing to chide me for in this situation.
Sherlock took his time to calm himself down, neatly tying his shoelaces before rising from his position and turning to face his intruder, a snide remark ready to escape his lips.
“I can’t promise that Mycroft will be persuaded to go along with what you’re suggesting but I’ll ask him if he might consider another solution. It isn’t likely, we have already discussed other options before. But for you, I’ll at least raise the question. But what he decides upon is final.”
But there would always be that final barrier between them, that unmentionable thing that remained unspoken between them but always was there, festering.
He took regular morning swims in the lake on the premise before work, went to the pub with the others for a pint and a game on the telly and all in all he felt fairly happy most of the time.
Soon enough his pyjama bottoms were pulled down to his ankles and Sherlock’s generous lips had engulfed John’s throbbing cock, letting his tongue swirl the head like licking a lollipop before letting it glide along its length down to the shaft, then taking one of the testicles into his mouth while massaging the other with his long fingers.
It was ridiculous and bonkers most of the time and yet John would never ever want to return to the ordinary and often dull existence his life had been before they met. For him, crawling out of the rabbit hole was never goig to be an option.
“I haven’t made any accusations...”
It didn’t take more than 30 seconds at most to climb out of it, make the jump down to the window pane below and then sprint across the garden at the back of the house. Swiftly he climbed the fence, jumped down on the other side and off he went.
“A car?” John asked once Magnussen had ended the call. “Can’t we just walk?”
Mycroft had already disappeared into the darkness without a reply and John let the rest of his sentence hang in the air as he rushed along  the long hall that stretched out in front of him, consisting of a row of doors, one of them hopefully revealing what he was looking for.
But as of late, it felt like this ability had lost its power a little bit. Much on account of the weakness of them being in a relationship and what such a status provided regarding the blindness of feelings such as jealousy. Even if jealousy was such a base instinct, seldom based on logic and also an effect of the idea that a person was like a belonging, not meant to be shared with others, Mycroft could concede that it had managed to throw a wrench in the relationship between his brother and John on the topic of Magnussen.
It was clear that Stamford did not believe him but at least he didn’t challenge John with his doubts. Instead he only nodded and then began to turn, seeing as his colleagues had headed off in the direction of the lab.
He was thin-haired, his dark tresses as carefully arranged as they could possibly be for someone who didn’t have a lot to work with. It was difficult to tell how old he was as he had that sort of face where he must have looked beyond his years even as a young man, but most likely in his mid-thirties, perhaps even early forties. He had rather unremarkable features, looking like someone you would easily forget in a line up if ever confronted with him, a formidable nose but a soft chin with the tendency to become a double one if he tilted his head downwards just the slightest.
Instead he was shown to the garden he had seen glimpses of round the back of the house, accompanied by a short, jittery man with a briefcase who nervously remained close by despite John’s reassurances that his presence hardly was necessary.
“Not to my knowledge, no. But it should perhaps be a stipulation. Most of us are not here because we care about the environment, sick children or the poor and homeless, and neither do the organizers expect us to do, as long as we attend and raise the suitable amount required to at least seemingly make a difference.”
“And why did you tell him that?” Mycroft said, because coming here surely didn’t constitute as leaving for a case. A case of what?
As expected, Magnussen did not appreciate being stood up and at a quarter to ten Sherlock’s phone suddenly started ringing.
“What the hell....” John muttered as he tried to understand what he was looking at.
“The worst thing is that I don’t know why he broke it off with me. The very next day, after he gave me the ring. Can you imagine!”
He bent over Sherlock and put his hand close to his mouth, startled to feel an almost normal breathing pattern. A quick check of his pulse confirmed the same. The man wasn’t dead....
There was also no running water in the cottage so John figured that wanking each other off might be the best option they had available for them, as he was not willing to penetrate Sherlock without any sort lubricant and he certainly wasn’t that keen on getting old dirt and cobwebs all over himself on account of the filth covering every available surface, with no option to wash himself off afterwards.
There is clearly something going on that HE cannot see yet, but John is determined to figure it out.
“Any refreshments?” his P.A was heard from the door, John already having forgotten about her as he was standing in front of Magnussen in person now, about to embark on his first try to lure the man into offering him an invitation to his house.
The third alternative he sincerely hoped he was wrong about. Because if he would be forced to endure another second in Victor Trevor’s company now that he knew what the man had done to Sherlock, John wasn’t completely sure he would be able to hold it together. A good trashing would have felt like a very satisfying way to punish the bastard, but it would hardly be beneficial to Sherlock’s plan.
But as Sherlock had now been informed that things were unexpectedly speeding up and his presence was required, he felt the tingle of anticipation prickle his skin as he got dressed, doing his best to trample down the feeling of glee threatening to overwhelm his body at the thought of freedom perhaps finally being within reach.
But for pretence sake, because Sherlock needed to learn that manipulations were no longer going to work between them, he cleared his throat and gave a grim glare:
Dr Grimesby Roylott had stepped aside to allow him entrance but Sherlock still felt the distinct notion of hostility from the man. It was in the small details, the firmness of his rather coarse features, the knitting of his brow, how his hands involuntarily tightened themselves, as if preventing them to throw a punch at any moment.
So far his balancing act seemed to be working though.
Besides, he was hardly going to leave Dr Roylott unattended here, however tempting it was to just rush to Sherlock’s side and be with him. This man seemed to be able to operate out of pure spite and anger if necessary and who knew how long two gunshot wounds would keep him down.
That finally earned him a reaction.
The medical journal had been informative regarding certain issues but John was still left with the feeling that it was heavily edited and even if it did include a history of cocaine abuse and some other reckless experimentation with other drugs during the later part of the teenage years, it never went into specific detail or told the reason behind the usage.
to indicate that he is in love with Mr Trevor.”
“I can’t say.”
Sherlock stubbornly returned John’s stare but there was a glimmer of uncertainty in his eyes now, despite his effort to try and look stoic, and John could sense that his words were beginning to have an inkling of impact finally.
Playing coy was a good trick and served its purpose, Magnussen was clearly hooked and tugging at the line Sherlock had thrown him, but now was the time to take the next step, wet the so called appetite a little more seriously  and if Sherlock knew anything about men so tightly in control of themselves it positively whitened their knuckles, it was that when they finally did began to unravel, it was quite the sight to behold and it opened them up for vulnerability .
He will have to keep the charade going for at least a couple of months yet, but the investigation will gradually diminish until it one day will be turned into a cold case, forever hidden in the archives where no one but John and Mycroft will know of its existence.
What kind of game was Sherlock playing? Was he being a tease on purpose or was there something else going on here?
Mycroft didn’t reply to this and when the car finally arrived ten minutes later, they all just got in and sat in silence while being driven to the mansion and the host who was awaiting their arrival.
“Well, you’re inside now, Mr Magnussen and you have made yourselves comfortable enough. I suggest we skip the rest of the theatrics. What the hell are you doing here? And who are these two?”
John had made it abundantly clear that there was not to be any real sexual transactions made between them and even if he had reluctantly acknowledged that there was probably going to be some sort of advance made from Magnussen, as had indeed been confirmed by Sherlock afterwards, he would not tolerate anything  beyond a hand on a thigh or a kiss on a cheek, all very wholesome and on the  right side of orderly.
He wasn’t foolish enough to walk down that slippery slope. The subject of consent was a tired one, he was not in the right state of mind to have that conversation.
“Won’t you sit down, Dr Watson? I’m told it has been quite the eventful day for you.”
“I’m going to take few minutes to myself down by the lake and then I’m going to return to my bed to get some sleep. When I return, I’ll expect you to be gone and my gun put back where it’s supposed to be.”
Mycroft thought of the vault and how the ruination of it might save a lot of people, himself included. If there was anyone able to locate it, it would be Sherlock, and Magnussen’s interest in him was a blessing in disguise that should be used.
John frowned, remembering the creepy man with the spectacles he had met at the dinner party. In what way was he involved in all of this?
Sherlock slid down from the windowpane, wrapped his billowing night gown around his slim frame as he moved across the room, past Mycroft, towards the door. He looked like a spectre, haughty and surprisingly majestic despite his lack of proper attire, but wasn’t that always the case, Mycroft thought with a sting of envy. Sherlock had perfected that act years ago, gliding through their childhood home like the queen of Sheba in a way that Mycroft had never been able to emulate, even if he officially never would deign to try it.
“I do. Good night, Mycroft. You’ll be hearing from me shortly.”
John didn’t waste another second in his presence and more or less stumbled out of the door and then walked briskly towards the elevator, praying that Sherlock would be amenable for a shorter timetable than they had planned for.
“And how do you know of these sudden turns of events?”
And he suddenly realised why Sherlock had tried bringing home the point of his bad acting skills. He couldn’t help but react out of instinct and if the description Magnussen had just given him hadn’t been so harshly voiced, he wasn’t sure he would have been able to react accordingly to such news without giving away that he knew they weren’t true.
But it soon became hard to pretend and sometimes Sherlock looked at him as if he saw how John felt. He never said anything though so John kept his mouth shut as well and they continued with their little game by pretending to be content with the rules of the agreement even if plagued John immensely every time he had to leave Sherlock again
They walked along a hall of closed doors so it was difficult to tell if the whole house suffered from the same atmosphere of anonymity but the thick beige carpet beneath their shoes that silenced their steps completely, as well as the white tapestry and the non-descript paintings that were so boring that they almost became remarkable because of it, made John take a wild guess who the person who had summoned him actually was. He had never met the man himself, but had heard plenty from Stamford in order to make a good guess and the last thing he remembered being told was that this person was so shrouded in obscurity that no one truly knew what he did for a living. It certainly made this house fit straight in with the mystery of its resident then.
Sherlock was lounging in one of the large windows on what unofficially was his floor, overlooking the garden, dressed in nothing but an emerald green dressing gown loosely tied around his slender waist, his bare legs folded to fit within the confined space and his dark curls ruffled. He looked the very image of some timeless twink who had just gotten out of bed and languidly held a cigarette dangling between his long slim fingers, not caring about the ash falling on the carpet below.
As he finished up his lunch, he left the others to talk amongst themselves for the remaining time as he went outside to catch a well-deserved breath of fresh air while contemplating what Sherlock was up to right now.
“You’re jealous,” he then stated coolly.
“I would like to see you try,” he hissed.
remember, I hired you. Why are you still running around making deliveries? Is this Magnussen's doing?”
Magnussen made an indifferent shrug, as if the question wasn’t worth to consider.
“Well, not everyone can be unique enough to not suffer such an outcome occasionally. Have you seen enough now, Mr Magnussen?”
Well this was certainly not going off to a proper start, he thought wryly,
and John couldn’t wrap his head around why that was or what the hell was actually going on here.
On his chest a framed photo of his husband-to-be rested.
Luckily for him he hasn’t and he squints at the small screen of his phone while trying to wrap his head around what exactly it is that he sees.
Then it suddenly dawned on him and his eyes widened in shock at the realisation of who the man standing in front of him actually was.
And that damn medical bag.....
“Thank you. You can turn around now and put the dressing gown back on,” he said when he had finished.
As he finally felt the tail of the snake slither off him, he permitted a deep breath leave his lips, exhaling and then inhaling as if gasping for air, realising that it was the only way his body could respond to the shock he had just had.
“I like it when you go all military, Dr Watson,” the voice smoothly purred, “It makes even the most badly behaved boys to heed your orders. And secretly I think you enjoy whipping out that army persona from time to time and bring us all into submission….. Just imagine the orders you’re probably dying to bark at me. I can actually feel your pulse beating like a hummingbird inside your chest right now, picking away at your resolve. Let me make it easier for …Ouch!”
Those who want to see a different take on the final ending are free to read the epilogue but be aware that it won't be a "happily ever after" kind of thing. The choice is up to you.
“Considering the theme of the evening I felt it prudent to attend,” he offered with slight politeness.
His eyes turned away for a second, looking down at his feet, as if searching for how to continue. But then, as if deciding that stalling any further would be pointless, he continued to talk, the words flowing out of him like water running from a tap.
Without turning his head away from the window Sherlock inhaled deeply and then tilted his head back as he slowly exhaled, his long neck fully visible and John’s eyes were immediately drawn back again, this time zeroing in on that delicate neck and how he would have loved to reach out and trail a hand along the expanse of it.
A small sigh, then a straightening of shoulders before a voice that now sounded decidedly lower and more soft, began to talk.
Sherlock snorted.
The only common factor had been that these events had taken place some years ago, when Sherlock had been younger and most likely still doing drugs. No one recalled when they had stopped but John had an idea that it might have been after the botched-up theft of the missile plans, although Sherlock had continued with his drug abuse some time after that as well.
John gave him a confused look. What the hell was this about? Who was this guy?
make sense in a very roundabout twisted way. He never truly forgave himself for his part in Sherlock’s downfall.”
In an effort to stifle the feeling of panic, he tried for a counterattack instead.
Eventually Mycroft will officially accept defeat in the search for his brother, even if he knows John never truly will accept it, and by then this whole episode will be over and done with.
Sherlock was surrounded by professionals who were doing everything in their power to safe his life, it was out of his hands now ad all he could do was to wait.
“For the third and final time, Sherlock. Why are you here? If you don’t give me a proper answer I’ll walk straight back to my bed and forget all about this frankly outrageous meeting, you won’t get another chance of explaining yourself and I still won’t return as your doctor.”
“Why would that make a difference? Statistically it is more likely to be killed by someone you know than by a complete stranger. And surely Victor qualifies as being a bad person? He had no qualms about almost putting a bullet through you the other night, only deciding to not do it at the very last second. The next time you probably won’t be as lucky. Isn’t it better to take him out before he takes
He had a key of course, but it seemed strange to point that detail out to Magnussen who no doubt was watching him from the back of the car, so instead he promptly rang the doorbell, like any normal citizen, sibling or not, would do.
He knew he was a dominant lover but Sherlock had given him enough reason to conclude that it was appreciated and well-received so he never hesitated to indulge in taking charge of the situation while having sex, as he had so little control when it came to the rest of their time together.
The door was opened and the butler that had opened the front door to John at his arrival earlier, now appeared in the opening.
Without knowing too much about the man they were about to visit, at least two deaths under peculiar circumstances, as well as the professed anger issues and the presumed criminal activity, it was too much to ignore, Dr Roylott could potentially prove to be quite dangerous.
John curses under his breath while taking a large gulp of the scorching hot coffee.
But he also realised that there was nothing he could do right now.
To his utter horror it didn’t stop there as the tongue continued to slide down his throat all the way to his chest, across his abdomen, leaving a wet trail in its wake.
“I’m no longer working as Mr Holmes’s physician, so I’m not sure I’m the person you should be talking to. There is, I’m sure, a new representative in my place, perhaps you should reach out to him instead.”
It was a button.
“That’s not necessary...” Mycroft began, seeing full well that the content wasn’t anything he was going to enjoy. But Magnussen put a finger on three of the more detailed ones and pushed them forward towards Mycroft who couldn’t look away, despite his reluctance to see this.
If he only knew what, if anything, Magnussen had on him.
After one quick look at the writhing man on the floor, he went for the door and left the room, positioning himself with his back against the door as a barrier.
To now find out that there wasn’t a spiralling drug problems to deal with made a lump he hadn’t even realised he had kept inside of him, suddenly disappear and it was certainly a relief to realise that their sole focus could now be on taking down Magnussen without adding more to the burden.
He reached down and picked up an iron poker leaning against the wall next to the fireplace. Holding it firmly in his hand he turned to face Sherlock again, his features turned menacing now.
There was a moment of hesitation from both sides of the door, calculations being made, assessment of the conundrum presented. The importance of the delivery versus the disruption of a situation that must have been strictly ordered to not be interrupted.
John’s drew in a large breath of air in indignation.
“Am I offending your sensitive feelings, perhaps, doctor? Well, you just ruined my most recent priced possession, so I’m not feeling particularly bothered by the way I’m addressing you at the moment. I need to get out of here before Mycroft and that ape of a flatmate find what they’re looking for. If you so much as breathe a word about my presence here tonight I’ll end you. You will be hearing from me soon enough, when or
The door was now stuck, with Magnussen and Dr Roylott trapped inside and unable to get out.
John downed the contents of his glass in one go, earning him a disapproving glance from Mycroft, but beyond that nothing more happened.
His surveillance on Magnussen had told him nothing out of the ordinary, he had been at the flat at the same time as Sherlock but only for a very brief period of time, and afterward he had headed straight back to the office.  It was all very ambiguous and nothing easily justifying his sense of concern, and yet, he couldn’t shake the feeling of something going on just beyond his own ability to see it.
Sherlock sighed again and then cast a quick glance over his shoulder before he lowered his voice into a whisper.
When he returns John can see that Mycroft has no news to offer and he sags a little further in his chair.
How the hell did he know anything about her? Or was he just being oversensitive on account of the sore subject? Harry was a constant source for grief and anger on account of her excessive drinking, so it was possible that he had projected Mycroft’s words to his own situation. But if Mycroft had not meant Harry, what sort of family background could he otherwise have been alluding to?
It hadn’t happened before. He had always been prepared in advance and for a moment terror actually clawed away inside of him.
One detail that did stand out though was that tests for sexually transmitted diseases were performed every couple of weeks and considering that Sherlock supposedly was engaged to be married it felt very unlikely that he would be carrying any STD’s with only one regular partner.
He has seen it in movies, read about it in books, occasionally seen it in other people, the panic, grief and despair of losing someone you love and he had done his best to mimic those telling signs, but clearly overdone it.
If Mycroft wanted to play the blaming game he would have to find someone else to do it with.
The actual drive didn’t take long, no more than half an hour at the most and then it came to a stop in front of a large gate that opened up as the car approached and led them up the driveway to a big white house with huge empty windows that reflected the evening sky instead of enabling any insight to the rooms behind the glass.
It was the sight of those conflicting emotions that made John decide that the easiest way to end it all was perhaps to do it directly with the man who had hired him in the first place. So reluctantly he climbed into the car and seated himself before he cut straight to it.
It looked like a bell strap dangling over him, one of those old-fashioned designs that people had used when a household still consisted of master and servant. It seemed so outdated and yet perfectly in line with the rest of the house, that his logic reached the conclusion that it was indeed a bell strap and nothing more.
Omitting the usual greeting phrases, the caller was firing on all cylinders at once when Magnussen pressed the green button to pick up the call.
One morning when their appointment had been scheduled for an early visit he actually bumped into Mycroft in front of the house as he got out of the car and his employer was about to get into his own car, heading into town.
Spent and still trying to catch his breath afterward, Mycroft panted heavily while staring up at the ceiling, his heart beating incessantly against his ribcage. Despite his efforts to do this as regularly as possible, he wasn’t a creature of dexterity and he never got used to the way exercise made him heavily out of breath and sweat profusely. As Sherlock had once remarked, when he for the first time had caught sight of his older brother running, the difference in physical appearance between him working out and having sex had to be a fine line indeed.
, you’ve made your point. You can put the jar away now.”
“No, I know you,” he said quietly before he turned his eyes back up to look at John. “You’re a proud man by nature and you hate being lied to, so naturally you resent the fact that you were so easily fooled by me. You shouldn’t be of course; anyone could have fallen for it.”
“Well, Magnussen visited me last night to get a full assessment of my health status and right now he fully believes that I’ve suffered an overdose and that I’m temporarily incapacitated. So yes, I am rather good at pulling off a good performance.”
Instead he chose to address another question that seemed equally important to find the answer to.
“I’m afraid we actually need to win this time or lose forever. We have run out of time as well as options. This is the last resort. If we fail, Magnussen will fiercely turn on us, there will be no more opportunities available for anyone of us.”
And isn’t it really his minions, not the man himself that deals with the surveillance and the technicalities of it?
His little brother had always nurtured this hazardous streak of running headfirst into danger and things had hardly improved when John Watson had joined the picture. Therefore, he didn’t react particularly pleased when Sherlock got all starry-eyed and started talking about some new threat on the horizon, instead of the one they already had in front of them.
Trying not to show his growing suspicions manifest themselves on his face, he discreetly tried to dig for further information without revealing the reason behind it.
be allowed to roam freely!"/p>
So he cleared his throat for the third time and focused on the contents of the bag.
But before he had the chance to open his mouth, Magnussen made a gesture with his hand and all the people in the room stood up and began to silently leave.
“What are you doing, Holmes?” Magnussen was clearly angry by the sudden direction things had taken. “I told you earlier I would be in charge of the conversation, no need for you to interfere.”
After initially stubbornly refusing, he soon realised that there wasn’t any room for making his own choices, if not abiding to the order he was going to be forced into it anyway.
At the beginning of the journey he had entertained the idea that the car might be headed for Appledore. Because even if the invitation had come from the other man, Magnussen clearly had his dirty fingers in this as well and as they were apparently going out of town, it could have been a plausible destination. A destination he would have actually appreciated as it would have presented him with the option to more easily assess the threat he was now being under, perhaps even managing to find that wretched vault that by now was beginning to feel like an elusive end game he no longer had any control of.
“But you mentioned that he was sent down from his position within MI6?”
Perhaps he didn’t consider Dr Watson to be a true rival. He most certainly didn’t look at him as a person of any importance. Despite his apparent displeasure earlier this evening, Magnussen didn’t make any complaints about the man now.
Mycroft gave his little brother a cold smile that didn’t reach his eyes.
“Considering that you were likely to meet with the same fate, brother mine, I’m surprised that you would even consider pursuing this matter any further. Leave it to the professionals to deal with and thank your blessings that you managed to escape such a gruesome outcome.”
To hell with the unsuitability of their patient-doctor relationship, Sherlock’s fiancé and Mycroft bloody Holmes!
Magnussen normally doesn’t care about discretion, no one ever gets to him so he does what he wants without any concerns for other people’s feelings. But he knows how unhinged Victor is, so in this particular case his visits are conducted by reaching out to Mycroft who informs him if it is a good time to stop by or not. Or at least that was the arrangement until lately. For the past couple of weeks he has begun turning up announced and he has switched his game up a bit, become more gruesome, more brutal. If anyone knows about my relationship with you, then it’s Magnussen. That’s why I have decided to make a last effort to take him down.”
But John was far from impressed, instead anger was starting to replace the initial worry he had felt when entering the room and he had a whole string of questions he would now demand some answers to. The time for beating around the bush was well and truly over.
“The reason that always brings me to your rooms, Mycroft. At all hours.”
But despite his wearisome persona, Magnussen couldn’t deny the lucky circumstances that had caused their paths to cross and how gleeful he had felt that night when the significance of Victor’s story had hit him and the endless possibilities to take advantage of the situation had presented themselves.
Sherlock gave him a curious look.
Their eyes connected, John feeling the confusion his own eyes were displaying, Sherlock’s being more ambiguous. But Magnussen was quick to make his own presence known, interrupting whatever chance they had of communicating this new twist of events.
“And what is it that you want from me, Mr Trevor?”
There was blood still coming from both his wounds and it had caused stains on the floor as well as on his clothes and hands when they had pressed against the wounds to prevent the bleeding. He had even managed to pull his jacket around the first wound to put some pressure a on it. But it wasn’t the blood that made John freeze as he stared down at the scene in front of him.
Dr Roylott had the movements of a bull ready to charge and was already heading for the door closest to his left when John made sure to catch his attention by pushing a small figurine out of porcelain to the floor, in a crash loud enough to cause impact despite several feet’s distance.
A million thoughts of what this could mean whirled through his head and he felt panic surge through his body at the idea that Sherlock perhaps was dying this very moment while he was stuck here in this horror house.
That question didn’t remain a mystery for long though, because as they walked the intricate route to Magnussen’s private office, the P.A was constantly babbling and the subject of London and its brutal dating scene was apparently something that had stuck in her mind quite firmly.
To his further annoyance, he noticed that Sherlock hadn’t brought his phone with him, as it was still left where he had last seen it, discarded on the sofa.
The hint of a smile played on Sherlock’s lips as well now and he tilted his head a little to the side in mock amazement.
I know, I know, in hindsight it was stupid, I would never dream of telling the boss about buzzing someone in, in his absence, but I suppose you could say that I was off my rockers a bit that night. The guy really had me wrapped around his fingers and I honestly believed him when he said that I was the most special person he had ever met.”
His thoughts touched on John sleeping on the sofa, unaware of any of this.
Sherlock was the constant cause for concern, throwing himself into tricky situations without a second thought, while Mycroft was the one ready with a mop and a bucket to clean up the mess afterwards every time. If John didn’t know the pleasure Mycroft derived from having Sherlock under his relentless control, he might have felt sorry for him, for both of them really. As it was now, they deserved each other.
“Believe me, little brother, it is not a benefit to see you walk down that aisle in two months, but you know as well as I do that there is no other way. At least you husband is absolutely beguiled by you, I’m sure you can use that to your advantage in your married life.”
As he was about to cancel the call, a though hit him.
Sherlock snorted at this and Mycroft threw him a warning glare, but Magnussen actually seemed amused by Sherlock’s brazenness. Or perhaps he was too occupied with looking into the younger man's eyes to really pay attention to what he was saying.
“Well, he is my boss,,,,”
I had to split the original chapter into two parts as it was far too long, the next part will be up by tomorrow.
Upon closer inspection he saw details that he had failed to notice earlier.
He was having enough bad feelings as it was without adding the sour taste of admitting Mycroft was right for bending the rules simply because he was powerful enough to do so. John hated people with that sort of authority but had to reluctantly agree that in this case it was a blessing.
“I’ll stand, thanks,” he muttered which earned him a raised eyebrow but nothing more.
On the other side of it, Mycroft was standing, his legs slightly apart as if having moved away from the fallen chair just in time, and this made John at first think that Mycroft for some reason was the one responsible for Magnussen’s predicament.
And as this isn’t a normal kidnapping scenario, no pleas for a ransom will be made as Mr Marcus already has what he wants, thereby preventing them from getting in any sort of contact with him, it looks more and more difficult to come to a satisfying conclusion.
Mycroft gave the room a quick glance over, trying to look for clues to what his brother might be up to, but except for the usual disarray of the place, nothing seemed out of order. Naturally the doctor could fill in the blanks to some extent if properly asked, but Mycroft knew that normal people weren’t even half as observant as he and Sherlock. The chances of Dr Watson realising anything out of the ordinary were slim, but telling him about Sherlock’s recent act of disappearance could perhaps reveal something to an older brother who knew his sibling’s thought process almost as well as his own.
“Yes, very good. Using a bedroom is a smart idea, a bit more privacy for you as we don’t have an actual doctor’s office here. And removing your dressing gown....also very helpful.”
Tormented by some sort of anguished despair caused by fear of losing Sherlock, combined with the frankly ridiculous fantasies based on his fanatic jealousy regarding John Watson, topped with moments of pure anger for having everything falling apart around him, made sitting across Victor in the library, whiskey or not to aid him, a nerve-wracking experience for Mycroft who had faced vicious dictators with less excruciating personality traits.
“Very well, we won’t be doing it in Mycroft’s room again. At least not this particular room. There are plenty of other places where we could be quite inventive.”
“Well, no. Telling his superiors about any of this was not an option we ever contemplated. Stealing plans of national importance is considered treason and will end you up behind bars for many years and that simply wasn’t an alternative for us. So instead, we came up with a plan of our own.”
He walked straight out of the house, passed the car on the driveway and just kept going all the way to the gates where he was let out and then he turned left towards the barracks.
He saw Victor leaning against the doorframe, his own legs running as fast as he could yet with the terrible feeling that he was struggling to move through treacle. Dreams added that element of exaggeration, details became enhanced, the terror more feral but he knew that even during the real event he had felt like his feet were not carrying him forward with the desired speed he needed.
fault that progress is going slow. Or standing completely still as a matter of fact.
Another pause, this time even longer. Sherlock had turned his face away from John, his face mostly obscured but his profile still visible as he stood staring out into the darkness, chewing on his bottom lip like a child contemplating what his options were. Then a deep sigh was heard, and he turned his head to face John again.
The look of surprise in Victor's eyes afterwards could easily have rivalled his own. Who knew that someone who had seemed so indestructible could so easily cease to exist?
They had broken apart at the sound of Lestrades approaching steps and sort of ended up further from each other than strictly necessary, just out of some silly act of decorum.
“It’s quite late for a phone call, what could you possibly have on your mind that couldn’t be expressed when we saw each other mere hours ago, with ample opportunity to communicate face-to-face?” he sighed as he seated himself on his bed, his body longing to just crawl under the covers and succumb to some well-needed sleep.
“You will do splendidly if you just act the part. You already look marvellous, so on that account alone he will not be able to resist making contact, and if you only tone down your personality a notch, be less…. well,
Mycroft had decided to make an interruption here as he felt that Sherlock was again going off topic. This had been about targeting Magnussen and even if it wasn’t a complete surprise that the man had some connections within the criminal classes, it had nothing to do with what they had been trying to achieve in regards to his blackmailing.
And yet, there it is, a bit skewed of course, because this is Mycroft after all and this can’t possibly be a recurrent look on his features ,but nonetheless, it’s there and it’s as close to panic as John has ever seen on a person so far removed from that feeling as is humanly possible.
If he had been like everyone else, he would probably have settled here with a family of his own eventually. A spouse and a couple of children, perhaps even a cat.
But to Sherlock, this was all just a game of course and apparently when playing a game no rules applied, John bitterly realised, thinking about the insistent innuendos Magnussen had been making all night, Mycroft slightly embarrassed demeanour, not making the effort to contradict Magnussen’s words even if he didn’t outright confirm them either.
“How tedious. “
Because, at the end of the day, Sherlock was still going to marry his fiancé and John was nothing more than a dalliance to keep him entertained for now.
“A reasonable suggestion.” He took another sip, watching John over the rim of his glass, allowing silence to stretch as if carefully considering what question to ask first. John knew it for the power play that it was. Mycroft used the same tactic, turning quiet and thereby unsettling the other person with his silence, so John supressed the impulse to say anything until Magnussen had broken the impasse.
After having realised that the gates to the premises were not only firmly closed but also unmanned, and resolutely shutting down any suggestions from John to simply attempt breaking in anyway, Magnussen whipped his phone out with a sigh.
As he briskly walked all the way back to the facility John’s head was swarming with unpleasant ideas and images of what Sherlock and his fiancé were doing right now.
Just like that, in the blink of an eye it was over.
The fact that Sherlock had stepped out of a car with the very imminent threat of being attacked by a cheetah would have earned him a reprimand for sure. From Mycroft even more so, despite the fact that Sherlock hadn’t known of that threat until now.  He could understand why Dr Roylott had remained by the door when welcoming him.
What John has learned about Jeremy Marcus so far is that he is a man who kept mostly to himself. In his late forties, non-descript appearance, very capable at his job, extremely good at strategy and ironically enough a person Sherlock would probably have approved of during different circumstances, as they share the same penchant for logical thinking and Sherlock always likes it when people are efficient.
“Speaking from experience? Has he told you that himself? I don’t see him by your side either. Quite the contrary, he seems to be flying under everyone’s radar tonight.”
Then the look in his eyes suddenly grew darker.
“Not a thorough one, no. I believe he was lacking the appropriate equipment.”
“There is no need for you to talk, Sherlock. I think I have had enough of your words actually. I think it might be time for you to simply listen instead.”
Confused about what to do, he turned back to Sherlock and grabbed his shoulders, as if to  rouse him out of whatever state he was currently suffering from, when the whole room suddenly exploded with activity.
“I was a bit displeased to hear that he shares lodgings with another man. That does not necessarily mean anything, people in this cesspool of a city do tend to share rent on their overpriced little dens. But still, it displeases me somewhat. Does not the brother of the influential Mycroft Holmes, the éminence grise of this insipid country, have the resources to pay for better lodgings than a subpar flatshare not fit to put my feet inside? If I would deign to pay Sherlock a visit at the poor excuse of a residence that he calls a home, it would require both a tetanus shot in advance as well as a handkerchief pressed against my nose to prevent me from inhaling the stench of that pigsty.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes at this.
There was long pause and then a soft nod.
“Did Mycroft Holmes go along with his brother in the ambulance?”
Sherlock’s cool hand felt soft in his grip and for a brief second their eyes met before the moment passed and their hands fell apart again.
On the other hand, they had not known each other that long, maybe it was more noticeable to someone who had spent more time in Sherlock’s presence.
“That you are certainly not involved in,” Mycroft was quick to point out.
So he collected himself and spoke like a man wishing to move away from something uncomfortable.
The biter soothingly made a hushing sound before returning to the red mark he had made, continuing to eagerly suck at the tender spot while his hands travelled south down the endless planes of firm pectoral muscles towards the flat stomach, sharp nails leaving angry red scratches in their wake.
Naturally unconcerned about this particular detail of his narrative, Sherlock continued with his story.
But this, right now, is a man interrupted by news of a nature that has caused him to show up here in a slightly imperfect appearance. If the crumbs on his front are anything to go by, his morning routine was likely interrupted just like John’s is now, a hasty retreat from the breakfast table, his handkerchief seemingly forgotten in the haste. The fact that the thinning tresses of hair are also not at their best is perhaps the most sure sign that Mycroft, who normally puts a lot of effort into his appearance, has foregone to tame his hair in order to head straight out the door because of something that has been brough to his attention.
The injections have proven successful and whatever memory Sherlock once had of John Watson is no longer available in that far-stretching mind palace of his.
The sentence for treason is life in prison and even if we somehow could have managed to convince a judge that it was all a terrible mistake made on account of young age, stupidity and under influence of substance abuse, a maximum penalty would not be a surprising outcome, 25 years perhaps, if not more. I would rather sit in a prison with Victor as my jailor than rot away, knowing that I not only managed to ruin my own life but Mycroft’s as well. Victor I can handle. I detest him but I can handle him. It’s Magnussen that I truly can’t stomach.”
And then there’s that time when Mycroft came around while Sherlock was having a full-on strop, on account of the lack of interesting cases, and John had decided to flee the flat before things turned positively nuclear.
This time he didn’t bother with putting his back against it in an attempt to barricade the room, no one was going to be able to get out now anyway. He put his gun away as well. It had served its purpose for the evening.
Unless, and this was a very creepy theory indeed, the fiancé for some reason did not trust his future husband and needed constant proof of Sherlock’s fidelity.
She would call security soon enough and they in turn would contact Magnussen and that suited him fine. It would leave him a few minutes to look for that precious vault Mycroft was harping on about, but also to prepare himself for what he wanted Magnussen to be presented with.
“Well, you’re certainly overreacting right now, you’re quite loud when you’re angry, did you know that?”
“Sure about that?”
” had apparently done it’s work this time and he had not allowed himself to get occupied by thoughts of Sherlock when hunger and sleep was already taking up the majority of his thought process.
“Because that’s what I
Familiar because he was actually there in person so he knows the narrative already, but despite this fact he can’t help but wince at the overly dramatic tone his own person has opted for when he watches himself put on a show for Sherlock’s pathetic flatmate.
So he had planned for this interuption in advance by hiring a member of his homeless network to pose as a fake delivery man that would come knocking on the door in exactly five minutes after Magnussen’s entry of the house.
” and John feels the overwhelming impulse to just give Mycroft a forceful blow to his patrician beak of a nose
It didn’t take long before he heard heavy steps climb the stairs, and through the gap in the door he could soon see Dr Roylott’s broad form as a shadow on the landing.
It was the same contact Victor believed was keeping him updated on the same piece of information, as staff members could always be relied on to be the best sources for gossip, but since Mycroft had long ago turned this particular mole into a member of his own team, he was well aware that both Victor and Magnussen were by now fully up to date with the state between Sherlock and his doctor.
Without moving a muscle, Mycroft smoothly replied.
The cigarette glowed between his fingers like a welcoming beacon and John longed to reach out and take it, pry it from those long slender digits, dispose of it like he had always tended to do. Those glittering eyes looking at him, full of anticipation, peering at him from under raven dark curls with a mischievous smile on his lips.
But before he had the opportunity open his mouth to express his misgivings in a way that would actually make the other man listen for once, Sherlock snapped his head up in an exasperated gesture, accompanied by an impatient sigh.
It’s clear from his facial expressions that he is puzzled by Mycroft’s behaviour.
“I know that Mycroft has appointed you to be my doctor, but I rather have you as something else, something of my own choosing. Don’t worry, officially you will still act as my physician and you’ll get whatever reward he has promised you in the end, but meanwhile, why not just play him for the fool that he is right under his nose and do what we want instead? He will be none the wiser, I promise you.”
That predatory smile appeared once more on Magnussen lips as he kept walking closer to John where he was standing by the door.
It became quiet for a while, long enough for Mycroft to begin to wonder if his question was going to remain unanswered.
Magnussen is consequently not easy to dispose of. That has in fact been Victor’s blessing all along. As long as Magnussen has been out of our reach, Victor has enjoyed that same protection. When we hopefully manage to neutralise Magnussen, Victor will lose the only security he has and there will no longer be any reason not to get rid of him.”
“What we argued about is inconsequential to you. It might have aggravated my brother but for you to be told about the exact nature of our conversation doesn’t change the situation we have in front of us, Dr Watson. And Victor isn't here because he hasn't been informed about any of this, there is no need to worry him right now. If the situation changes and it becomes necessary to tell him, I will.”
It was tempting to put a bullet in a more fatal location of his body, considering what he had done to Sherlock, but John managed to hold back those urges for now. The situation didn’t demand for him to kill. Not yet.
He would have recognised that voice anywhere, he had hated that voice from the very moment he had first been subjected to it, that idiotic drawl with the pretence of upper class that the man didn’t quite manage to pull off.
It was possible that a part of him still feared how vulnerable his feelings made him, but on the other hand, he couldn’t change it anyway. He did love Sherlock and so what if the other man knew about it? The biggest question was how Sherlock felt in return...
This actually caused John to sit up straight rather abruptly from where he had been lounching on the bed, a flare of obvious anger in his eyes now.
He paused and stared John down with an intensive gaze, drilling into his very core to see how John would react.
John resolutely jutted his chin out in challenge.
He swivelled around to face his guest.
The fact that Mycroft had remained at the house and the ambulance that supposedly came from a private clinic still had opted to use sirens to alert its arrival at such an early hour of the day, especially in the area where Mycroft lived that didn’t have a lot of disturbing traffic that needed to be told about an incoming emergency vehicle, made this whole situation sound very suspicious.
Sherlock had the gall to look quite pleased with himself while revealing this information.
John contemplated this for a second but found it difficult to wrap his head around it none the less.
It was confirmed less than a second later when Magnussen said, the slightest hint of glee to his voice:
“That does sound like quite a shitty thing to do. You’re probably better off without someone like that in your life,” John calmly offered.
Books everywhere, different types of magazines and stacks of paper, little knickknacks of strange items like a stuffed bat in a glass encasing, some sort of homemade chemistry set that felt like it should come with its own safety warning and then, to John’s disbelief, an actual human skull residing on what from the beginning must have been an uncluttered white shelf that now was barely visible beneath the mess that the occupant of the room had spread out on top of it.
When Victor initially approached him, he became curious of why Victor showed such an obsessive interest in me, so he did a little research and as he soon realised that I was Mycroft Holmes’s younger brother it turned into an opportunity too good to overlook.
“Oh, and no need trying to make a run for it, that would be a waste of both your time and as well as mine. There is nowhere to hide from me. Just ask dear Sherlock over there, he thought he had been so very very clever and yet...”
“You don’t have to tell me how to do this, I’m not an
But even before he had reached his destination to accurately confirm it, John saw who the other man was and why the gun in his hand looked so very familiar.
“It usually ends up with
, in every sense of the word, from your physical shape to the blood bond we share and not least of all, in the literal sense. You have your spy gear still operating, I’m sure you can turn to those for an answer more to your liking.”
“Without evidence we can’t be certain what his intentions for doing all of this was. All we know is that he got into a car waiting for him outside the flat and was driven off two hours ago.”
Their sexual past was not something they had talked about in per se but Sherlock had bluntly stated that not many lovers, fiancé included, had crossed his path, without going into further detail, but there was a general impression that sex had not always seemed that important to him and as John had been an active participant of those activities both in medical school as well as during his early years abroad in the army it became natural that he took charge of the situation now that they had made their agreement to go through with this.
His medical bag.
With those parting words he closed the door firmly behind him and left Sherlock looking at himself in the mirror, wondering if this was not something they were all was going to regret by the end of the evening.
And just as Mycroft asked himself these questions, it suddenly hit him as if turning on a switch, illuminating a room previously shrouded in shadows and he cursed inwardly over his own inability to figure this out. He should have realised it earlier, but he had stubbornly kept his eyes only on the one thinkable target, forgoing any other candidates.
Then he lets out a gasp, because what the man has been looking at is nothing other than the living room back at Baker Street, with Sherlock sitting in a chair, a cup of tea to his lips, the frame frozen just as the lower lip is about to connect to the porcelain.
A part of him wished that Sherlock would not be there, despite knowing that he had no other clues to go by, if Sherlock had not gone after Dr Roylott.
“I have heard quite enough from you about Sherlock Holmes to not want to hear his name mentioned again,” Dr Roylott said coldly. “Besides, if his brother is standing right here, don’t you think it wise to tone down the lechery a little bit?”
Mycroft decided to rise from his chair, using his umbrella as leverage, ready to excuse himself from this awkward situation He had other, more pressing matters to attend to, rather than watching the cat who got the cream finish his meal.
“Shut it, Pemberton, they’re brothers. And don’t get caught saying out loud that you’ve ogled Mycroft Holmes’s little brother, he would send MI5 straight after you without batting an eyelid.”
“...your name came up and for some reason....”
John shook his head to clear the jumble of thoughts swirling inside it right now. This was beginning to be a bit too much for his still somewhat hazy mind.
Well, hopefully not
Or that time when the plumbing broke in the middle of a shower and John had rushed out naked and swearing, still not having managed to wrap a towel around his waist when he was faced with Lestrade’s shocked face staring at him from the sofa, unable to stop his eyes to wander for just the briefest of seconds to John’s lower regions in curiosity while Sherlock droned on about a case in the background, unaware of what was happening behind his back.
Either option was actually possible and this early in the morning it was tiresome to decide which alternative was the most annoying.
“Dr Watson, welcome once again to my home. Perhaps under better circumstances this time around. The last time you were here I believe you were pining terribly for one of the grooms-to-be and had to endure quite an eyeful of someone else staking his claim on him. How a little time and perspective has managed to change circumstances so drastically...”
He hadn’t bowed down like he suspected a lot of people did to someone like Victor who felt himself entitled to that sort of behaviour, but he had also allowed Victor’s words to get to him and it annoyed him that it had worked.
“I don’t know what tipped hm off,” Dr Roylott mumbled, clearly tuning out Magnussen now.
“Because, brother dear, while your social skills might be sadly lacking, your appearance certainly is not, and combined with your reputation of having a sparkling intellect and with the benefit of acting a part, which I know you excel at, it is the best option we have available.”
“Are you ready?”
“As I did tell him. Still, he was very displeased. And he expects a better result next time. Tonight, in fact. There was mention of a dinner.”
Sherlock abducted?
Instead he calmly and as effectively as he could, recounted the events that had transpired.
“Maybe that was what bothered him? No one likes to feel easily replaced.”
The remains of human bone as well as a few teeth had also been discovered in various areas around the premises and a theory that Dr Roy had fed his animals with his victims to rid himself of the evidence of their bodies was currently a popular opinion even if nothing was yet fully concluded.
Sherlock’s low voice drew him out of his pondering as he whispered into his ear:
Mycroft opened his mouth to protest but was interrupted by a hand raised in a silencing motion.
in his profession. It doesn’t matter in this situation, it’s all classified information anyway. But let’s just say that the man is the most skilled at what he does among a group of people where
Well, it isn’t the first time certainly, it’s an occupational hazard when being a consulting detective dealing with a lot of criminals on a regular basis, but there is something about this incident that has Mycroft rattled beyond reason.
had the pleasure of touch of course, when they were taken, and from one epicurean to another, that skin is just as soft as it looks, his body as pliant as putty beneath my touch. And the taste....
Sherlock was probably right when he said that Mycroft was envious of his physique, who wouldn’t be? Sherlock was the most beautiful man John had ever seen so no wonder if Mycroft felt the occasional pang of envy when standing next to his younger brother. Comparisons were bound to be made by others and sibling rivalry could be such a poisonous thing, as John very well knew from experience. So he took Sherlock’s advice and waived Mycroft’s ominous words from his mind instead.
. Naturally I will do everything in my power to retrieve him. But I’m not ignorant of the circumstances and neither should you be. Whatever criminal foes you two have previously encountered, this is a whole new level of expertise and it would be unwise of me not to inform you of this.”
But he wasn’t going to do it the conventional way by just answering his phone and engage in a boring conversation with a man that had pawed all over him just the other night, accepting his suggestions of wining and dining before being brought back to his flat. No, he was going to do this in a different way.
It was taken from right in front of him. From where Magnussen must have stood because Sherlock was looking right into the camera with that alluring glint in his eyes. From that angle it told him that it must have been at the same level as Magnussen’s face.
John nodded, relieved to hear that no violence had occurred between them at least. He wasn’t sure he would be able to handle the knowledge that Victor had been violent and not rush all the way over to where the bloody hell that bastard was hiding right now, and simply give him a proper trashing.
And then he remembers that he actually has something to soothe that desire a little bit.
Then Tuesday came and Tuesdays were usually when he had taken the car over to the Holmes household to tend to his patient, but that was naturally not going to happen now.
Mycroft gives him the closest thing to an eye-roll without actually performing one. He isn’t Sherlock after all.
He was now just another doctor that had walked out on Sherlock Holmes and he wondered if any of the other ones had ever experienced the same thing as he did now or if that painful privilege had been reserved for him alone.
“Indeed, the darkness is very helpful in that aspect” Victor agreed. “But there is also that useful element of surprise when catching someone off guard that makes this setup so ideal. I find that people are much more willing to do what I ask of them when they are left without any other choice.”
His own cocky attitude had done nothing but stoke the flames even further and even if it had felt irresistible at the time, he realised that while being trapped in this secluded mansion in the middle of nowhere, a cheetah on the prowl outside and a man with the temperament of an injured bull facing him, verbal teasing had perhaps not been the wisest move.
As he walked down the stairs toward the front door to let himself out, thinking about the waste of time the clutter of emotions always tended to have on other people, there was the distinct tone of an incoming message on his phone and he pulled it out to look at it.
Combined with an appearance that drove John half mad just by looking at him, he knew why he had been this easily persuaded to join Sherlock in bed. And he had been happily rewarded when Sherlock not only turned out to be very versatile with his body but also had a talent for using his tongue, so if guilt was eating away at John's resolve it had still been worth it in the end when he recalled the image of himself buried balls deep into Sherlock’s pert arse, pounding away as if there would be no tomorrow while forcefully holding onto a shock of silky curls.
It was in these situations where John had always been so handy to have as a reliable companion. While the doctor's strength wasn’t in the logical windings of the brain department where Sherlock excelled, he was incomparably always trustworthy with assisting Sherlock in getting out of tricky situations like this.
As he now tried to recover, blinking into the darkness that surrounded him, he felt something restricting his movements beyond the mere physical ache of his body.
And as if on demand, Dr Roylott grabbed a firmer hold of the poker and then, without any visible effort, he bent it in the middle, in an open display of physical strength ,meant to intimidate his guest, before he threw it down on the carpet between them.
“I was not referring to anything like that, even if there might be some truth to it as well. I’m speaking of something more
“Probably. It does sound like something he would say, but I usually tune out when he starts nattering so I can’t tell for sure. Why on earth are we even talking about my brother, I thought we had better things to do? You as good as promised me to make up for lost time if I leaned against this wall.”
He went over and picked it up. 32 missed calls. No texts.
Sherlock shrugged.
On the other hand, that file had been mostly about Sherlock and his medical history, so maybe it wasn’t as surprising after all.
Just as he was about to step further into the room to sit himself in the only chair that looked decently comfortable, he startled as he caught the site of a gleaming pair of yellow eyes staring at him from a corner to his right.
He could hear the other man’s passive aggressive footsteps disappear behind his back and when they were gone, he took a few steps forward to take a closer look at Sherlock who had yet to move a muscle.
From the look on Sherlock’s face it was clear that he had not been informed of John’s presence tonight and not for the first time did John wonder what Victor’s intention about inviting him to the dinner party had truly been about.
“Leaving so soon, Dr Watson? We were all so eager to make your acquaintance this evening. We have been hearing so much of how you care for Sherlock, it would have been interesting to hear how you managed to tame him. I’m sure Victor could have benefitted from taking a note or two from your book, Sherlock is a particularly feisty companion to subdue. In fact, I’ve never heard of anyone having the same success as you before.”
When he woke up next, he had no idea where he was or how he had ended up there.
He has even tried getting in contact with people from the homeless network, a rather difficult task as he has no idea where to find them, but so far he is just as empty-handed as he was when they left Baker Street.
What was this, a shrine of things long forgotten? Was the host some sort of history aficionado keen on keeping this place in the same conditions as from 150 years ago?
“Why don’t you just ask him then?” John sighed, tired of defending himself.
John had seen the cards and the messages that Victor  had sent to Sherlock so he knew that he had a very flowery way of expressing himself towards his fiancé but now that John was faced with it in person he got the distinct feeling that there was a warning hidden somewhere behind those smitten words, a warning that told him that Sherlock was Victor’s and Victor’s alone and anyone nursing the idea of getting in the way would be making a huge mistake.
“If this is about his newly discovered deplorable habits, I have no wish to talk about them, Mr Magnussen.”
His eyes fell on the fire poker and for the second time this evening he grabbed it in a firm hold before he rushed to the door, barging at it with all his might against the wooden frame.
Instead of answering, Mycroft wanted to focus on why Sherlock was up at this hour, and why he was here, in their old family house. Not that it was anything unusual for his brother to be awake at night, Sherlock was more a nocturnal being than a creature of the day, thriving in the solitude of the hours when everyone else was asleep, a time which left the rest of the world for him to play with as he chose.
Perhaps things weren’t truly as lost as he had been made to believe.
But as he wanted to keep Magnussen hankering for what he could offer, he realised that he needed to take charge of the direction in which things were going and  begin dangling something  tempting in front of the other man to get the upper hand of the situation. Right now it felt like watching a snake coil its body in preparation for a strike and himself being its helpless prey.
And yet, he could feel his heartbeat pick up as he stopped and stared straight ahead, that firm pressure of a muzzle being pushed against his back while he tried to not make a move that would aggravate the other man into using the trigger.
“Only because beggars can’t be choosers.”
So instead he sent a simple and succinct message.
“You said it took a particular person to be so easily duped. A person who was so alone and desperate for companionship that he would be gagging for whatever you were willing to offer.”
He kept looking at Sherlock who studiously looked at his computer.
Mycroft’s men.
...... home, Mr Magnussen, I’ve never seen anything like it.”
Another hand reached out to take a hold of his hair and as his teeth accidentally scraped the finger he was sucking, a forceful yank made him slow down his pace. He supressed whatever instinct he had of burying his teeth deep into the flesh and bone while the grip around his curls relaxed once more.
A small smile made his thin lips curl in pleasure, showcasing teeth that made John think of a predator about to take a bite out of its dinner.
There was that small mishap when the doctor managed to stumble upon the agent going through old surveillance footage of the flat.
Despite the fragile uncertainty of this new situation he felt warmth spread through his abdomen as he looked into Sherlock’s changeable eyes despite the nagging suspicion that this was indeed going to end up badly. For both of them probably.
Oh, how disappointed the real John would have been right now, witnessing this. At last a situation Sherlock couldn’t worm himself out of.
Sherlock has always been so full of arrogance which was why it was such a joy to rattle his cage enough for him to allow signs of anger to appear. One of these days, Magnussen had decided that he was going to succeed in his efforts to break him completely. Just not yet, not when there was still pleasure to be had from him.
But then he rises from his chair nonetheless, his feet a bit wobbly before he straightens his spine, draws a hand across his face and nods.
“Well, that rather depends on whose business we’re talking about. I don’t meddle in the pedestrian life of the ordinary citizen; their doings hold no interest for me. But, granted, if your business is on the shadier side of the law, then I’m temped to agree with the description of me being a nuisance. To those who fear the light of exposure.”
“I wouldn’t be here if I didn’t find some merit to that idea. The question is what you’ll be wanting in return, Mr Magnussen.”
As the car rolled up to the curb, Mycroft made his excuses and began to exit the car, leaving Magnussen behind.
“Well, it’s not as if I have any options. In my line of work the need to deal with all sorts of unpleasant people is part of the job description.”
Why was that?
“I always knew that little wanker would end up over his head in some mess, always came off as a right looney whenever I happened upon him.”
For a second Sherlock looked pleased, and John felt that tingling sensation again, it felt oddly satisfying to see Sherlock look so happy. Perhaps because he had seen him under such awful circumstances the first time they had met it was now rewarding to see him look so alive.
Considering that he had almost never seen the older Holmes brother display anything resembling human feelings, it was disconcerting to see now even if the situation certainly explained it, and with the added detail of what he wore, it felt like John had stumbled straight into something he should not be allowed to see.
But Mycroft had eventually ended his vigil and left to deal with the aftermath of the situation, as soon as he was assured Sherlock was going to pull through, unharmed.
When the stethoscope had been produced from the medical bag and John pressed it gently over the heart area, Sherlock stared straight into his eyes, distracting him so much that he actually fumbled around a bit before he heard any heart beats.
Sherlock stared at the stuffed form of the cheetah in front of him while wrapping his head around the idea that a wild version of this animal was running free out there in the wilderness.
Yeah, that actually seemed pretty plausible come to think of it.
John realised that if he had been summoned here without being prepared in advance, this conversation would by now have gone in a completely different direction, most likely he would not have made the trip here in the first place.
“Of course not! I would never....not after what you just told me....”
He tried listening to sounds while standing with his phone in his hand, the charger cord dangling from it like a limp tape worm. He laid it carefully on the now empty bed and then stepped out into the dark hallway.
There was also something determined in the setting of Magnussen’s mouth, a sign not usually there.
Naturally Mycroft had not settled for this unsatisfying description but had taken matters into his own hands, or rather Anthea’s capable ones, by asking and receiving further information on his phone while riding in the car to pick up John Watson.
Victor’s words seemed surprisingly genuine and for a weird moment he didn’t seem so much like an enemy but more like John himself, a man simply in love. Unfortunately Victor, unlike John, suffered from the need to control the object of his affection to assure himself that this love would not slip through his fingers.
Having said that she then turned her attention to her phone and John remembered how easily she was able to dismiss a person by focusing on something else, so instead of wasting his breath on someone who wouldn’t give him any proper answers anyway, he turned his head to look out the window for the remaining time of the ride, fretting over the scenario he was going to find once they reached their destination.
But even if Sherlock’ s brother never had been a particular favourite of his, he at least wasn’t as utterly deplorable as the man sitting in the chair holding court at the moment.
John dryly noted that Mycroft had not mentioned his brother’s rights to secrecy in the matter, first and foremost
He always managed to keep his cold façade, to never let anything he truly felt show on his features. And even the company of Victor Trevor and Charles Magnussen was something he had managed to seemingly tolerate as the alternative had been non-existent.
But going back to the Holmes house was never going to be an option.
As he turned around, he found Sherlock standing just behind him, so close John could feel the heat emanating from his body. There was a glint of excitement in his eyes.
“Oh. Where to?” Mycroft feigned a curiosity he wasnt really feeling. His brother always tended to be more dramatic than any occasion required and the situation was surely no different tonight.
“Well go ahead then, make me an offer I can’t refuse. “
Sherlock hadn’t mentioned it afterwards with so much as a word. He had looked scared the moment before passing out, but not enough for Magnussen to feel that rare jolt of excitement he experienced when completely bringing a person to the edge of the abyss.
Was this one of those unspoken relationship rules where he should have perhaps followed his lover upstairs and asked him if something was the matter? But how was he supposed to do that if he hadn’t even realised that something
Instead he simply changes the subject.
At the same time, he has all these little segments that slots so nicely together if he choses to go down that road, and for the sake of Sherlock’s safety, he might have to.
“So, if we’re done here then, doctor....?” he concluded.
“You’ve got a lot of nerve asking me for a favour while at the same time pressing a loaded gun to my back. But no need to concern yourself about me telling them that you’re trespassing on their property at night, threatening people who work here with a stolen gun while making outlandish demands. I’m no longer in charge of Sherlock’s medical exams, nor anything else that has to do with him. So I’m not sure I’m the right person for you to ask any questions at all.”
“Don’t know. They just told me to fetch you.”
He could practically hear Mycroft’s voice tutting with disapproval.
“Considering that what I tell you goes into a report that will later be read by my brother I don’t think that I am going to tell you. There is a possibility that he has figured it out himself by now but if not, I’m not helping him out with any further details. So, sorry doctor, you will have to settle with the knowledge that I’m not allergic to bees or wasps. If I was, he would not had made his point by bringing that jar. He would never openly try to kill me you know. Too many witnesses to deal with afterwards.”
Quickly he pushed it away, he had no time for diversions and right now they needed to go down for dinner, he had a conference call at nine that he couldn’t neglect and he needed some time to prepare for it.
Sherlock shrugged his shoulder's as if it was of no consequence to him if chemistry was a lucrative business or not. While doing so, he made sure to turn sideways to reach for a canapé, offering up a glimpse of his backside for Magnussen to feast his eyes on.  Then he put the piece of food delicately to his lips to draw attention to his mouth instead, Magnussens's eyes following his every move like a Pavlovian dog. It was quite baffling in Mycroft's opinion.
Was he?
He didn’t even need to know the reason why Sherlock was doing this if he didn’t want to tell him. John could play the clueless lover if that was what Sherlock wanted him to be.
“I’ll be seeing you then, Dr Watson. Oh, and by the way.....”
Then they moved downwards once more as his tongue did so as well, both reaching the lining of the trousers, this time the tongue doing an intricate sucking movement at the spot where the unbuttoned area left a little bit of exposed skin on display before disappearing beneath the fabric.
Inside his own room he wipes his face clean on a discarded towel left on a chair and heads for his wardrobe to pick out a warm jumper as the weather outside is rather bleak.
“I think you like that about me, John Watson. Easier to boss me around if you think I’m asking for it by being a flirt.”
John swivels on his feet and is faced with Mycroft looking at him with a surprising amount of incapability for a man who is always two if not three steps ahead of everyone else. This sends further alarm bells ringing and John steps up to him to get a closer look.
“You’re rambling....” John cut in and Sherlock threw his arms out in frustration, turning his back against John as he took a few steps closer to the shore, then turned again and paced back, his movements edgy and agitated.
“Yes, your thoughts must have been very preoccupied for you to walk away from this, the very reason for your visits. What could have been the cause for such a distraction?”
“Yet you opted to take him with you last night, to the banquet?”
As seen by others but at first not acknowledged by themselves, feelings of the more lovelorn variety had soon started to develop between them, first by Doctor Watson, despite vocally claiming that he wasn’t gay and trying to date a whole string of women as if to prove that very point. The pining in the man’s eyes had been quite stomach-churning to observe during those first few weeks before Sherlock caught up with reality and found that he actually harboured some warmer feelings for his flatmate as well and they had embarked on a relationship that felt as foolish as it was fragile, lined with misunderstandings and cautious attempts at reedifying their relationship from friends to lovers when one had been a closet homosexual all of his life and the other had the emotional depths of a paper bag.
“I have a proposition for you Dr Watson. And before you decide to correct me for using your well-earned title you might just as well get used to it again if you decide to accept the offer I am about to make.”
It was enough for Mycroft to know that what Magnussen subjected his brother to during his nightly visits to his bedroom was probably so horrible it made him sick even thinking about it.
“I see.”
It almost felt like Sherlock was aware of this fact and put himself on display and John wasn’t above admitting that temptation surged through him at the sight, despite all his futile promises and attempts to keep things professional.
”, he snarled and waived John’s hands away from his throat and his fiddling with the bow tie. But the tone in his voice suggested otherwise. He wasn’t comfortable with this at all.
I don’t know how he and Victor came in contact with each other, I’ve never been able to figure it out. After I broke it off with Victor at the beginning of my second year a university he had already graduated and left Cambridge to go work with his father, so I found it easy to cease all further communication with him to pursue a career as a full-time addict instead, never once wasting as much as minute to reminisce about the time we had shared.
Mycroft cringed at the phrasing. He disliked the way he was spoken to by this man sometimes. They were so fundamentally different and yet still so alike that it was difficult to know how to react to the way he was addressed occasionally. It was not enough to make a complaint about it but it unsettled him for some reason and perhaps that was the part that irked him the most, that it actually bothered him. His golden rule was to never care but this man was determent to make him break that rule every time.
“Is there or are you simply trying to evoke hope in me?”
“If you think he is a possessive lunatic these days you should have seen him the day I told him that I wanted to end things between us. It still ranks as the most awkward experience of my life.”
He thought about Sherlock again and involuntarily he felt himself stiffen inside his half-dry swimming trunks.
John could feel his jaw clench as he visibly swallowed before replying.
John Watson had made a good effort to share his burden, and for a while it had been working reasonably well, but considering this evening’s events, he had clearly failed that mission spectacularly and allowed Sherlock to play him for a fool. The outcome of this was difficult to tell, but it would not be swept under the rug by anyone involved.
By the gates he noticed a shiny silver-metallic car pass by, and for a second he wondered if it was Mycroft who had sent a vehicle to retrieve him, dissatisfied with his meagre report.
Obediently and rather eagerly, Sherlock did as he was told, releasing his grip and walking over to the only wall that still looked as if it was holding up the rest of the place, giving John a good opportunity to watch the body he had so greatly missed, moving with the usual elegance that came with it, as always dressed in a figure-hugging dark suit that Sherlock surely knew put his best assets on display.
He had threatened him with all kinds of elaborate punishments, but eventually he had realised that as long as Magnussen was holding the reins it didn’t matter if they managed to get rid of Victor, Magnussen would most likely just change the stipulations according his own agenda and in the end that might mean something even worse than what they were facing now.
“Oh, Sherlock....” John took the younger man in his arms and held him tightly, inhaling his warmth, his unique scent, his fingers cradling through those glossy soft curls, “I don’t know what to say.....”
Mycroft was just about to open his mouth to respond when a voice cut in from his right, the familiarity of it causing him to clamp his mouth shut again.
“Wonder what the fiancé is going to say? Hard to believe there is going to be a wedding in a couple of weeks when things like this are happening.”
“But I’m not willing to accept your offer,” John angrily cut him off as he turned his head to face him.
Mr Marcus absence was not noticed until after Sherlock’s disappearance and his whereabouts are completely unaccounted for, not a sign anywhere of any activities made by him. And since he was not expected to be in contact with anyone, he was free to accomplish his mission without interference.
No less than an hour after Victor had spoken to Mycroft, enemy number two had made the expected phone call as well.
“Indeed.”
“Well, technically both I guess, but in this case I was referring to Magnussen.”
Then he bent down, still swaying slightly and picked the photo of Sherlock up from the floor, staring at the picture one last time, before he in an act of uncontrollable rage, raised his curled fist and punched straight through that delicate face with those dark deceitful eyes, cracking the glass as well as the frame, before he threw the offensive image away from him and strode off.
It was actually surprising that he felt this strongly about it.
“I have a rather arduous day to look forward to tomorrow and as much as your presence here is always welcome, I’m afraid that I must bid you good night.”
Dr Roylott walked over to the bed but stopped a few steps away, looking down at Sherlock’s helpless form. He had his hands behind his back, standing in a relaxed posture, as if calmly watching something mildly interesting and completely inconsequential. In the light coming from the still open door, Sherlock could see the hint of a smile on his features.
This caused John to finally erupt.
It could be such innocent details as a message brought to Sherlock from a servant that originated from the other man, or a vase of flowers where a card of affectionate phrases was still visible among the stems.
“We’re not sure yet. The brothers arrived home about two hours ago from Mr Magnussen’s dinner party and junior said something about feeling a bit strange, dizzy and nauseated, so his brother tried putting him to bed but he kept refusing to be alone in his bedroom, just kept twisting and turning before he suddenly bolted for his room upstairs. Mr Holmes decided to allow him some space and went to prepare himself for bed when there was suddenly a loud crash and as he rushed up the stairs and into his brother’s room he was lying unconsciously on the floor.”
It didn’t really come as a surprise when Magnussen insisted on joining Mycroft, given the man’s interest in his brother, and the unexpected turn this whole situation had taken. And as he was the provider of the information necessary to solve the riddle of Sherlock’s likely destination, there was not much Mycroft could do to prevent Magnussen from coming along.
“So you’re just going to let him escape unharmed? No punishment beyond stealing the material he kept in his vault? That sounds surprisingly meek coming from you.”
John couldn’t help but let out an amused snort.
Mycroft didn’t have to wait too long before his phone alerted him to the fact that he would have the answer to whether or not John had succeeded in task or not, soon enough.
"I don't look at him as a victim," John couldn't help but object.
John assumed it had to be about the drugs but wasn’t completely sure and decided to be as vague as he could in his reply.
“Of course I’m bloody upset, Sherlock! I’ve just found out that the man I’ve been sleeping with for the past couple of months is a damn junkie, and not only that, he has been lying and manipulating me for weeks, doing his very best not to expose his secret. According to Mycroft you’re running a drug lab in your room and tonight you were close to dying from an overdose, and yet you have the gall to sound surprised that I’m disappointed in you??! Disappointment doesn’t even begin to describe it!”
There is logic in Mycroft’s words after all, he needs the energy and even if it grates on his nerves to accept an offering like this, presented like he is some sort of charity case, he will take it for now.
Mycroft felt himself trying to process what he was hearing but coming up short.  This was a novelty for someone who was used to be in control of most things in life or at least in the know-how of them.
John made a point of staring straight back at him.
Like it had been for him after Afghanistan.
“And why would he want that? Did something happen between you last night? Does he somehow think that you are available to pursue?”
This man could be none other than Sherlock’s fiancé.
Mycroft shook his head at this and the grip around the wrist intensified. It was tempting to pull his hand away but that would indicate that this scrutiny bothered him, so Sherlock allowed it despite the actual pain it caused.
He was still sitting in the armchair where he had parked himself while waiting for Sherlock. He felt a stiffness to his neck and lifted his hand to massage it while letting his eyes roam the room, looking for an explanation to his awakening.
“Ah, but there can be something fascinating to be gained from darkness as well, I think,” he said and tilted his head to look at the painting more closely as if reading something from it that only he was able to see. “Life is after all often tainted by a touch of darkness rather than just consisting of eternal sunshine and the scent of roses.”
With a last lingering look on the figure on the bed, he turns the feed off and rises from the chair.
But he also realised that the other man would not settle for simply touching a few body parts, despite their nakedness. There were further boundaries to be explored and broken
But one of these days....
Mycroft turned a stern face to address his brother, a decidedly cold tone in his voice as he spoke.
Mycroft stepped out first and was then followed by Sherlock who had been exceptionally quiet during the ride and remained just as silent upon arrival. That was either a good sign which could indicate that Sherlock was trying to get into character, but it could just as well mean that he was sulking because he was against this whole idea to begin with. In the end it didn’t matter, as long as he did what he was told to do.
John himself felt decidedly captivated even if the cigarette annoyed him a bit.  His patient looked positively shaggable with the sun casting streaks of light in his hair and making the pale skin remarkably translucent. Like a statue come to life.
All sorts of images were now swirling around inside John’s head, one more despicable than the next and they all involved Magnussen trying his damnedest to let his hands wander all over Sherlock’s body. Both he and Mycroft had clearly miscalculated this side of Magnussen and if Sherlock hadn’t looked so indifferent about it all, John might even had demanded that Mycroft should apologise for this severe mishap in his plotting. John was so far gone in his own thoughts by now that he hardly registered that Sherlock had continued talking.
Mycroft cringes a little bit when he watches himself put on the performance of being shell-shocked. It’s not a role that would come easily for a man like him, few if any things manage to shake him to the core and if something does, he most certainly doesn’t put on a show about it.
Instead John has to turn his anger at the minion available instead.
The hallway leading up to the four-poster bed was empty, the view of the bed’s sole occupant fully visible. He could sense the shadowy figure approaching rather than actually see it for himself and he waited for the expected view looming by the end of the bed, staring at him in the darkness.
It was interesting to meet someone who also liked things a little thrilling. He knew he hadn’t been wrong when assuming that this man was far more interesting than Magnussen and his sordid blackmailing attempts. This had the promise of something truly exciting.
“I don't know. Not even I am allowed to visit him at the moment when he is in such a critical condition. We will simply have to wait and hope for the best. The doctor will call me as soon as they know what’s going to happen.”
When Sherlock added that the main reason why he hadn’t wanted to go along with it in the first place was because he knew that Joh would react irrationally  like this afterwards,  itresulted in more doors being slammed shut and the stomping of feet from John when he barged downstairs echoed all the way down to Mrs Hudson.
The position of one of Mycroft’s fingers that lingers against the pulse point of the wrist, almost like a caress if that wouldn’t have been so extremely unlikely, is what catches John’s attention, makes him hit pause, rewind and watch again over and over until he doesn’t know what it is that he is trying to achieve, but at the same time being so certain that what he is looking at might be a whole new twist in this already unfathomable mystery of Sherlock’s disappearance.
But if Sherlock felt the same way, he didn’t show it. Once again he simply ended the conversation by not answering and this time John actually felt grateful for it.
“No. I decided not to as I knew Magnussen would want to reach out to you when hearing of your resignation. I thought it would be better if you still thought I was using drugs, on account of your poor acting skills. I wanted for him to believe you. He might not have done so if you had tried lying to him, you’re not a very good actor.”
“What deplorable habits are you referring to?”
Cats were like his brother basically.
“Quite so. Is it true that it is required to attend at least four events a year so as to show some pretence of interest?”
“Will do. Take care, John!”
He stepped forward until he reached the poker. Then he bent down to pick it up, looking at it with curiosity.
He took a quick look inside the room next to the living room as well.
“Suit yourself,” Magnussen muttered as he walked over to the fireplace to warm himself. As the house was devoid of the modernism of central heating, it was quite chilly inside, especially considering the late hour.
“By whom?”
Magnussen’s mouth twitched into a grin, his eyes glistening behind the spectacles, like slits of dark amusement when they for a second switched back to look at John.
John squinted at the nondescript vial, frowning a bit.
“No, loyal to a fault I see. Why admit to anything? He has a way of persuading others to do his bidding, our dear schemer. Say what you will about poor Victor Trevor, but he would have been better off if he had never stumbled upon such a treacherous fiancé. You won’t agree with me of course, but from someone with a little more insight to the situation let me assure you that Sherlock here brought this upon himself, all on his own.”
It took another agonisingly slow 30 seconds before he actually opened his eyes and blinked a few times to focus his sight on his surroundings and the person standing in front of him.
John carded his fingers through Sherlock’s soft hair, his head bent backwards as a cry of pure lust escaped his lips seconds before he came hard down Sherlock’s throat, his cock pulsating as the semen trickled down the oesophagus, Sherlock’s lips glistening from the precum he had enthusiastically lapped up earlier.
Yet he couldn’t shake the feeling of not being quite alone in the eerily gloomy flat and despite going against his own sense of logic, he did turn around to stare into the empty darkness both behind and in front of him before continuing up the stairs to his bedroom.
And as this idea crossed his mind for the millionth time he knew that the answer wasn’t going to change, however much he wished to hang onto his anger instead of facing the humiliation of trying to rescue a man that had deceived him, as well as lied to his face.
John could feel his cheeks heat but kept his look firmly on the other man despite this, without backing away. He had no wish to reveal how unsettled he felt.
He could think of only a few people interested in looking for him anyway and with the exception of Mycroft, the others did not have the capacity to figure out what had happened to him. This particular scenario would prove to be difficult even for his brother. Mycroft had a lot of intel and resources at his disposal but lacked the imagination required to see something like this playing out. It was too outlandish for someone of his pragmatic way of thinking.
John contemplated this for a second.
He scolded himself and with difficulty he diverted his eyes to turn his attention on the medical bag once again.
Mycroft’s part is to act cold and calculating in the eye of the storm, concerned obviously, it is his brother after all, but nonetheless, always ready to dip his fingers into his vast amount of resources to help them out of whatever jam Sherlock has managed to get himself or both of them into. It’s not optional to suddenly change character traits, these are the rules!
His eyes swept over to the other body who had fallen face first against the mattress, his spectacles bent out of shape from the impact. It was difficult tell if Magnussen’s eyes were closed as his face was obscured but there was no blood visible on him either.
Lestrades comes up behind his shoulder and peers down at the photo.
“He was always a bit of a wild one, that younger brother,” a man to his left said to the others gathered around the lunch table.
Once he had reached his destination Sherlock completely ignored John for the sake of the jittery man. Accusingly he pointed a finger towards him while he addressed his brother.
“It’s just a matter of semantics. Anyway, I would prefer to have Magnussen believe that I’m suffering quite badly from my addiction, preferably until we’re done with all of this. In fact, after tonight I’m planning to raise the stakes even more by pulling myself out of his reach entirely for a while. Officially only of course. You and I will still keep our plan going under the radar, but Magnussen and Victor will think that I’m permanently bedridden as of tomorrow.”
From the pocket Sherlock retrieved a small vial with something liquid inside and handed it over.
“Well, I needed to give him a warning, didn’t I? He was like a bloody terrier at my heels and even when confronted with a straightforward warning he simply refused to submit.”
He stared straight back at John and the man who had tapped him on the shoulder asked him to follow him upstairs as his presence was wanted.
John narrowed his eyes.
When he reached the door and pushed it fully open to behold the sight in front of him, he was certain that Sherlock felt the same way as well.
Sherlock's back arched in pleasure, every muscle in his body tensing and he looked like a piece of art displaying pure carnal lust, his skin like marble against the blackness beneath him.
“Sherlock…” he said warningly.
“Walk with me and I’ll try to tell you everything, as far as I’m able to. And try to bear with me, because it’s a long and arduous tale that doesn’t have a happy ending. But maybe you need to hear it to understand why it can not be you and me beyond what we already have, sneaking around behind people’s backs, illicit kisses and sex only when we know that we are alone. But considering circumstances, that’s better than nothing.”
“But that’s
He took a deep breath to fill his lungs and then released the air slowly, wiped the image of the dying man and the snake from his inner sight, as well as that of Sherlock's unconscious body carried away by his older brother, and pulled his phone up again and continued to call Mycroft every other minute until he heard noises from downstairs and realised that the backup team had finally arrived.
Well, he was prepared. Accustomed to playing the waiting game to a certain degree, it was still always preferable to have a quick solution to your problems and if this could end this very evening, well,  it wasn’t a moment too soon.
The wait.
? Has something happened?”
Magnussen’s indifferent attitude towards their predicament apparently wasn’t shared by Dr Roylott who instead felt provoked by it as he twisted his head and snarled:
So when John disappeared into the kitchen, still dressed in just his underwear and a satisfied smile on his lips, Sherlock took advantage of the situation by snaking his arms around his middle, nibbling at his ear in an uncharacteristically gentle manner and when John turned his head to search for his lips, he used the lapse of concentration and slipped a sedative into John’s  mug.
John wondered if he should address this issue later on, when he had gotten to know his patient and his employer a little better. He was only doing this for a short time and technically it would be a bad idea to get too involved and perhaps risk getting on the wrong foot with Mycroft, but on the other hand, John was not a person who idly could stand by and watch something that didn’t feel right continue to happen.
“It would be best if I handled the conversation with Dr Roylott, since I am the one he actually knows. You take care of the companion you insisted on bringing along. So far I have not managed to figure out the purpose of him being here, but I’m sure the famously strategic Mycroft Holmes would never bring a useless player just for the spite of it.”
“Stop being so fidgety then and prove it,” John said while he reluctantly let his hands be pushed away, ignoring the telling signs of Sherlock’s discomfort. It didn’t sit too well with him either that he was sending his newly acquired lover into the arms of another man, but for the sake of the cause, he was willing to swallow whatever jealous feelings that might plague him. Mycroft had assured him that it was a completely safe arrangement and John preferred this to sending Sherlock into actual danger without him by his side. Although, John had managed to acquire the menial part of playing waiter so he could make sure that nothing happened that wasn’t supposed to happen, because even if Sherlock was to appear as if he was offering sex, there would be no sexual activities between him and Magnussen.
Throwing a quick glance at his phone it told John that it was well after 03:00 AM and yet again he let his eyes roam the room for the cause of disturbance. Normally he would be soundly asleep by now and not easily roused.
Perhaps Sherlock actually felt the same way as John but was unable to express those feelings because he was worried of creating a scenario he did not have the strength to deal with.
John felt his heart rate increase, worry instantly grabbing him when hearing this. And with worry, anger quickly followed, because this situation sounded serious enough to warrant more aid than what his meagre medical bag could possibly provide.
Not that he felt sorry for Magnussen, John knew enough to think of him as despicable.
With nothing to occupy his mind, it had been a tortuous existence and one of the few comforts had been obsessing about articles of crimes that he read in the papers, crimes that took place in far more exciting places than the one he was stuck living in. It had been the tentative seed of what later became the career he now had, an interest that managed to be one of the few things preventing him from going out of his mind.
He managed to calm himself down and appear like his usual self when reunited with his colleagues who had just returned from their lunch break, and as they never asked him any questions about where he had been he never felt the pressure to ventilate his issues with anyone. They knew he was doing some additional work for Mycroft Holmes but the nature of that assignment or any further details was never explained nor asked for.
But he was still utterly clueless on how to conduct a proper relationship with another human being,  not taking their wishes and needs into consideration, and that side was something John apparently had decided to ignore for far too long, probably hoping to be the one who one day managed to change Sherlock into a better man.
“I know more than you realise, and I think you’re hankering for someone clearly out of your reach. It’s very convenient to have another person who shares the rent and keeps you company during the otherwise lonely evenings, but beyond that, I can’t picture him being even remotely interested in anything else.  Even if I recognise your wish for something more. Incidentally I do too and unlike you,
“You really are a tease; do you know that?” John said and the hint of a smile fleetingly crossed Sherlock’s features as he cast John a look over his shoulder before he leaned his arms against the wall and spread his legs.
“We decided to meet somewhere else this time. There aren’t that many places safe from prying eyes, but it will have to do. He can’t be seen coming here anymore if we have officially fallen out, and as you say, the barracks are hardly that safe either.”
How could he had been so careless? And how could he have allowed himself to engage in sexual activities with someone like Magnussen in the first place?
Sherlock positively radiated from obvious contempt. This reaction naturally soured Mycroft’s mood even further. He wondered why Sherlock couldn’t just behave like normal for a change and wipe that moody look off his face. But acknowledging the futility of pointing this out, Mycroft turned his attention to the food instead.
John decided to join them and when a servant opened up he stepped inside, following the couple, after telling his name to the man at the door who gave his uniform a curios look but beyond that was nothing but cordial in his welcome. At least it seemed Victor had not decided to make a fool of him by leaving him standing outside without being allowed entrance.
Sherlock in general got up to all kinds of trouble, but as long as he came home unharmed and it didn’t affect Mycroft personally, he usually let it slide.
It was also equally strange that Mycroft had omitted to include any information about the man in the file John had been given.
A satisfied warmth spread across John’s chest as he caressed the length of the riding crop while he imagined the numerous ways he could use it to bring home the message he needed to come across if he would ever be able to move on.
Now that he had figured out the identity of the stranger in the room he allowed his eyes to roam the other man’s appearance more closely, looking for signs that could explain why someone like Sherlock Holmes would go ahead and marry a person like this. So far John was hardly impressed and marvelled over the fact that Sherlock might actually fall for this guy.
He looked oddly vulnerable in his sleepwear and John wondered how this must have all gone down before he had been called over to the house. He had never seen the brothers interact in any other way besides sniping at each other, but this looked almost like caring on some level, Mycroft was noticeably shaken and he was not his normal collected self.
Just the feel of Sherlock's smooth naked skin under John’s deft hands had driven him insane with want, he had allowed himself to become vulnerable and easily fooled simply because he so badly wanted the love he felt for Sherlock to be reciprocated.
“If you mean a helicopter, I can have one arranged as well,” Mycroft tried, even if he realised that it would probably take him much longer to do so. Deciding that sometimes it was better to just acknowledge a situation for what it was, he turned around and agreed that Magnussen’s offer might be more efficient. “If you have one available, it might be more convenient to take yours.”
"That he tried to seduce you under his fiancés nose?”
John’s eyes widened when he heard this and he raised his hand in pausing gesture.
John had no idea what his name was, they had never bothered to exchange any words before, but John always had the distinct feeling that the driver perhaps wasn’t simply a driver, but had been given this particular assignment the moment John had agreed to be Sherlock’s physician.
“Have you reason to believe such a day will come?”
answer, I strongly suspect it wasn’t
Now, let’s continue talking about Magnussen and what’s expected of you the next time you see him, as well as the time you’ll hopefully get invited to his house. Mycroft wants me back at the house soon enough and after tonight, the game is afoot. So this is it, whatever we need to tell each other needs to be said tonight.
For a second it lingered there, pressing against the windpipe and he could feel himself trying to inhale a lungful of air without seemingly moving a muscle. It was never appreciated to be seen struggling.
“And for the record, I wasn’t expelled from the army, I was sent home because my time there had come to an unfortunate end. But I was rewarded a medal of honour for my services, so I’m nothing like the pathetic penniless and disgraced war veteran you portrayed me as. I’ve probably killed more people with that gun than you could even begin to wrap your mind around and you wave it around like it’s a toy for you to play with. So my advice to you is to get the hell out of here before I lose my patience and show you how it’s actually put to use.”
wasn’t. And I have something to add to the subject as well. I believe there was a point being made regarding the distinction of fact and fantasy last time we spoke about this. I feel like I have spent a sufficient amount of time in your fantasy world, with you pulling the strings and making all kinds of terrible decisions, not only to the pain of others but to yourself as well....”
Choosing not to respond, John simply clenched his jaws and remained silent.
A firm right hook hit the butler straight in the jaw, causing the man to stumble backwards from the sheer force of it, which left John with enough leverage to deliver a well-aimed kick to his groin which caused the servant to stagger down on his knees in pain.
White knuckles gripped frantically at the bed sheets to ride out the pain, a quick glance being thrown at the alarm clock to figure out how long this was bound to go on for.
So the recluse part seemed to be accurate.
None the less, Mycroft never could resist the temptation to probe deeper.
But before he had managed to come up with a proper reply Sherlock raised his cigarette and waived it airily in the direction of the window.
“I thought he was one of your usual rent boys!”
“Where do you suggest we do this? The examination I mean.”
All the way to his bed and then some?
“Coming?” he said, turning his head forward again and smiled as he heard the sound of footsteps across the sand, swiftly approaching from behind.
It looked like John was talking but Sherlock couldn’t actually hear the words, the noise of blood pumping through his veins somehow overshadowed any other sound in his ears, but he was distantly aware of movement around his arms and concluded that John was probably shaking him, even if he was now unable to turn his head to see for himself.
“You may. Once you’ve granted me entrance.”
John turned for the door, an eagerness already evident in his step now that he knew that his role wasn’t over and done with just because their recent adventure was wrapped up and finished.  The realisation that Sherlock was just as eagerly awaiting
And yet, here I am, apparently making a complete fool of myself and definitely complicating a disastrous situation even further by pouring my heart out in this manner. But as it seems I’m already too deep into this emotional calamity of my own making, I thought diving even further down the trenches couldn’t possibly cause me any more harm than my actions already have.”
Used to dining alone whenever not doing it on account of his occupation, Mycroft had not even touched on the idea that others usually did not do so, and such a slip in judgement spoke volumes about the distress he felt about Sherlock’s disappearance.
In the end it no longer mattered. He was done with this and he was never ever going to return.
No, he needed to stay put.
And with that the door was slammed shut behind him so thoroughly it threatened to fall off its hinges.
But instead of showing how affected he got by all of this, he kept his tone professional and placed the cold stethoscope between the jutting shoulder blades.
Mycroft knew that Sherlock intentions weren’t as bad as they appeared, he cared very much for his doctor companion and would mourn the loss of him if it came to that.
Besides, aggravating Victor now, while still holding the gun, would be a very unwise move, despite his temporarily distracted state.
“There’s just no pleasing you is there, Mycroft? Sorry to disappoint, but perhaps I’m simply not interested in playing your games anymore, perhaps I’ve realised that it’s easier to allow him to just do what he’s here to do and be done with it. If it’s not him it will be someone else and at least Dr Watson has the good sense of not being a complete idiot like the others you’ve sent my way in the past. Besides, he saved my life if you recall. So get off his back will you?”
At least he knew he was no longer observed and forced to remain where he was, so he slowly  rose from the bed on wobbly feet to make it to his own room upstairs, wondering with a rise of dread what the cause of this reaction had been all about.
Magnussen wasn’t a killer, not by his own hands anyway, but torturing someone enough to bring them to the end of their sanity was an especially delightful little enjoyment that he allowed his otherwise cold and collected personality to indulge in.
Mycroft reached down to pull out a document from a drawer as well as presenting a fountain pen from a box next to the computer.
Sherlock had begun arranging the food on his plate in small heaps according to colour on his plate and didn’t look at his brother when he calmly replied.
“And what has this resulted in? Did you assault him physically? Locked him up in this horror house of yours?
“A dinner will hardly give me the opportunity to go off looking for something he probably has hidden rather well. I think, if you still insist that we continue with this plan, that driving him a bit desperate is a far better option.”
Then the room faded into darkness and just before he passed out he could hear his name being called, but to no avail, he was already too far gone.
He would probably argue and fight with him on many more times to come, get angry, lash out, despair over his behaviour. But he would never leave as long as Sherlock didn’t ask him to.
Right now, the game was well and truly over. Not forever, John was never truly going to admit total defeat, but at the moment he could do nothing but admit the harshness of their failure.
And when he, trough the camera installed in the bathroom of the Baker Street flat, one morning had spotted John panting Sherlock’s name while getting himself off in the shower, it had really sealed the deal for him.
“There has not been much to account for lately, but I’ll try to be more thorough in my reports from now on,” he had managed to say, trying his best to sound as neutral as possible. “Your brother is doing splendidly though. He is, as far as I can ascertain, a perfectly healthy young man. No progress when it comes to the smoking I’m afraid and the eating....well, you already know considering that you dine together in the evenings. But beyond that....”
And for some reason John can’t see Mycroft allowing a member of his surveillance team, not even the one in charge, the opportunity to ogle at his brother’s naked form in such a private environment as the bathroom.
“Of course it was all a ruse, doctor. If you really think about it, who would fall that easily for a person they don’t even know without some sort of motive lurking in the background? I must confess that I was quite surprised by how easily persuaded you were to go along with what I was offering; I had expected to be having to work much harder. But you just yielded like putty in my hands, like a dog gagging for whatever bone I was willing to throw you. It was quite remarkable when you think about it. And it also confirmed my suspicions that you were so terribly lonely, so desperate for affection, that you simply refused to see the cracks in the picture you had created for yourself. My methods wouldn’t have worked on just anybody, but you proved to be the perfect candidate.”
Considering how little they had to go on, there was a plausible risk that they were going to return empty-handed, and no further clues to go by. Perhaps Sherlock was even back home by now, blissfully unaware of this unorthodox rescue party. Or perhaps he wasn’t even in the need of any rescuing at all and would just get angry for the disturbance they caused.
How he had lulled John into the belief that Magnussen was a dropped case, combined with his slightly odd behaviour over the past 24 hours, intimate and sexually alluring one second, then spoiling for a fight the next.
Slowly he turned away from the empty window and walked back down the path.
The years had gone by and nothing had changed. Mycroft’s feelings had never diminished or changed in nature despite never getting any sort of nurture or opportunity to develop. Quite the contrary, he had tried quenching them, the urges, and outwardly he thought he made a rather good job of it.
And he also didn’t want to lose his leverage over Mycroft.
“Yes,” Mycroft’s tinny voice came out, a little distant. “I tracked down the driver of the car that met us at the gate earlier this evening. He was loitering about in the garage without a clue as to what his employer was up to on inside the house, or so he claimed. We'll need to look into that later. He very helpfully drove us to the helicopter. We just arrived and are boarding now. I assume you have your end of the situation under control seeing as you are able to phone me.”
“Sound more like a challenge than a threat to me.”
This person was not simply a man in love with a boyfriend from his past who now, for some unfathomable reason, had agreed to marry him, but he was also morbidly obsessed and every perceived threat, imaginary or real, was met with genuine hostility.
Even more damning was the realisation that he had allowed it to happen by omitting to do the physical exams properly, by allowing himself to get distracted by a master manipulator who had played him like a fiddle by presenting the most alluring option available to keep his focus elsewhere.
intend to have it.”
John locked around for a way a to steer this situation into more safe topics.
Magnussen had a flat close to Pall Mall and then a larger house outside of London called Appledore, but it seemed unlikely that they had gone there after last night’s events. John calculated that even if they had stayed at the banquet until the very last hour, Pall Mall wasn’t far off and they must have spent a substantial time together already.
Normally it would be the other way around, that he longed for his two weekly visits to meet with Sherlock and the days when he had to work his regular job seemed menial and uninspiring.  But now he felt endlessly grateful that he had his old assignments to return to, that he had something to occupy his mind with as the thoughts of Sherlock and his fiancé and his own complicated situation in the middle of it all would have made him go barmy otherwise.
“I’m told you hired a new doctor for Sherlock. Yet another one.”
The next morning when he woke, Sherlock was gone. His laptop as well as the microscope, still with a slide inside it, remained where he had left them, as if he had only left for a moment, but John could deduce from a number of other signs in the room that Sherlock had not been there for at least a couple of hours. Perhaps he had left as soon as John had fallen asleep.
But Magnussen actually saved him from whatever haltering explanation his brain was about to concoct by himself raising the issue of Sherlock.
Removing the gun had seemed pointless, Victor was unable to use it in the state he was in, as if stunned to the core by his own actions, so instead John simply rushed past him, straight to Sherlock’s lifeless form, his medical instincts kicking in, trying to assess if there was something to be done or if it was all too terribly late.
And with those words he turned around and left the room, as if dismissing a servant by turning his back on him and John clenched his jaws, wishing that he could have thought of some sort of  parting reply that would have given Victor Trevor a better impression of him.
