“There’s nothing to be sorry for, Jeeves. I knew that I’d be putting you in a devil of a position if I asked you out. I’m sorry I made you uncomfortable—the last thing any right-minded Bertram would dream of doing. We can drop this whole thing if that’d be better. Back to the simple employer-and-employee wheeze, if you’d be more comfortable that way.”
“Do you intend to make me repeat myself?” The dignified, beautiful man held his arms apart, ready to be divested of his dressing gown. “You will undress me, and then clean me with the sponge.”
“Sherlock?”
“I will, sir,” Sherlock replied, contentedly, making John feel a great deal of contentment as well.
WATSON
“Sir?”
These days, Montgomery could hardly be bothered to leave his personal rooms. William had shared not a word with his brother in a year at least, and even then it must have been a passing greeting, grudgingly given when there was company about.
“Yes, Sherlock?”
Eventually, the two of them wandered into an area on the festival grounds where numerous paintings were displayed on tables, racks and stands. John looked between each of the paintings, which reminded him of some pieces he had seen in many noble houses.
John slid himself out, and smoothly thrust back into Sherlock.
“I thought too well of myself,” King John murmured, “if I ever thought I could stop myself from wanting you. Once, twice? It didn’t satisfy me. It made things worse! I only think of you more. I can’t stop thinking of the excitement in your eyes, the gentleness in your hands, the noises of pleasure you make.”
This bed felt very good to the servant, who was trying to memorize how the king’s arm felt around him. “I… I like this, sir, but… aren’t you worried about what might be out there?”
“Afraid you have competition?” I asked playfully.
Making another growl, the king guided Sherlock to lie back on the caravan’s bed. He took to undressing his servant, doing so easily, and requiring little help. Before long, he had removed Sherlock’s breeches and underclothing, leaving the lower part of Sherlock exposed, and all of him quivering with excitement before his master.
SHERLOCK
MYCROFT
“M’lord?”
Thinking fondly of the time when the king read to him in the library, he studied a wooden barrel in which some ale was fermenting. As an affordable and clean drink, ale was widely consumed by many people of all ages and backgrounds. The drink generally contained only enough alcohol to act as a preservative and not to provide any intoxicating effects. Higher-alcohol ales were meant to only be consumed on special occasions.
“John!”
“I think you’re right.” John looked towards the ceiling, thinking about the future. “It could be the stuff of legends, a tournament of knights to find a suitable monarch. And you’ll be the magical spirit of the story, the true judge who finds the young person who is most worthy. Does that part sound exciting?”
SHERLOCK
“I do believe so,” Jeeves said. “If you have glanced at one or two of Mr. Wooster’s stories, you may have noted that I take an interest in psychology.
“It took so much restraint not to touch you, but I would never do anything you didn’t want.” The king moved back to look directly at Sherlock, who was too shy to hold his master’s gaze. “You never have to do this for me, Sherlock. If you ever want to leave me, you can. There will always be a place for you somewhere, in a different caravan if you like, and there will be lots of opportunities for you in my kingdom. But I hope you will remain my maid at least.”
I’ll thank you for that, at least.
LESTRADE
WATSON
“Does he live with you?”
Suddenly, an idea occurred to the king.
I realized how comfortable this was, us sitting together in our flat, and I smiled. Dating had changed a few things, sure, but it hadn’t changed all that much, though now I knew that if I wanted to, I could walk over to his chair and offer him a kiss. Then he would smile at me in a way that left me breathless. Actually, that sounded like a good idea. Maybe I’d try it when he wasn’t busy.
“Just a moment more, Sherlock.”
“Trust me, there’s no question about it.”
“What do you mean, sir?”
“I shouldn’t touch you, Sherlock. Every time I have done it, I’ve known that. It’s wrong, for plenty of reasons. I can’t show affection for a servant. I will someday need to sire an heir. Believe me, I never meant to be selfish. I truly did want to give you an opportunity to find a new life, and it was fantastic to see someone so fascinated with the world. But I thought too highly of myself. I thought I could keep myself from doing anything wrong. I thought I could resist whatever magic it is that you’ve got.”
“I… um…” What could John possibly say? “The water’s filled.”
That is not such a great leap. You have been in Afghanistan, after all, and I would suppose that surgeons are in high demand there, given recent events.
Eager to redeem himself, John nodded and quickly left the bathroom, closing the door so his master would have privacy. He changed into day clothes and left the grand quarters. He was surprised to see two guards traversing the long hallway outside of the bedroom, but fortunately they did not seem to think John was an intruder. In fact, they didn’t seem to notice him at all. John approached one of them anyway and asked him where he could find the laundry. Following the guard’s directions, the servant made his way to the laundry and found his way back, King William’s clothes in tow.
Holmes?
the dirt?
LESTRADE
After the nobleman had stretched his arms back and allowed John to dress him with the light dressing gown William usually slept in, there was a surprising change in the routine. William had turned around, and noted that John still needed to change for bed. The king offered his hands, and began unbuttoning John’s clothes.
“But you can have me, sir.”
“Would you like to hear another story? I know one of a diabolical hound that stalks the moors at night.”
The king touched Sherlock’s shoulder, stroking him there, making the servant shudder.
“Oh, yes, it was interesting.” Sherlock sounded confused. He was probably trying to figure out what John was up to. Certainly, the innocent servant wouldn’t have been struck with vulgar thoughts like the king had been.
Sherlock should only do what John wanted, should make sure that he was doing only what John desired. Yet Sherlock was weak to the beauty of his devoted John. “Immensely.”
MYCROFT
With adorable bashfulness, Sherlock nodded, and John started removing the clothes from his servant. Being allowed to slide the garments off Sherlock’s body, when Sherlock was so shy and sweet that he could not do it himself, made John’s blood burn. Desire and affection coursed hotly through his body. He yearned for the moment when he could show Sherlock how much he was wanted. The desire in the king to make Sherlock writhe and scream with joy matched another wish within John, though that one could not be satisfied.
Closing his eyes, John prayed that they would be able to stay together here. He wondered how difficult it would be to keep their relationship secret from the rest of the castle, and from the rest of the kingdom. It was difficult enough to resist riding a horse into the middle of the city and proclaiming to the world that Sherlock was his! But what mattered most was that he had Sherlock, and that Sherlock would be happy in this place, with him.
He wished that he could use that gift to make a baby so that William would never leave him for someone else.
“I’m glad to hear that.” Again, King John sounded honest, yet it seemed unlikely that the king felt much of anything about a simple servant joining his convoy. Sherlock was certain that the king was only being considerate. “The convoy leaves in a few days, so there is plenty of time to find you a spot.”
young. How long have you been working for him, anyway?”
I beamed ever brighter. “Ah, topping! How do you feel about me calling you Reggie?”
“Do not concern yourself. Other matters required your attention. Besides, there will be time for that later. For now,” Sherlock said, “will you tell me what you desire?”
“Sherlock…”
John’s head was bent with deference, and his hands were clasped behind his back. “Evening, m’lord.”
His Royal Highness probably had some haughty rules about what constituted correct sleeping attire and how one slept properly, John mused with a snort. He could worry about King William’s demands tomorrow, if the nobleman ever did finish with his work.
annoying nanny that Mycroft has sent my way, and he would have kept trying. And the decision is not final.
Waiting less than patiently, William crossed his arms.
His servant had spoken of trying a sire a child for John. If only! Were such a thing possible, John would take Sherlock’s hand this very instant and bring him behind one of these apple trees. He would kiss Sherlock and remove all the clothes from them both, and touch and soothe his servant until Sherlock was ready. Then John would hold him, the tanned colour of the king’s chest against the lighter tone of his servant’s back, and sink himself into the tightness and warmth of his lovely Sherlock.
Have faith, madam. I am sure you will be quite satisfied with his services in the end.
“M’lord!” John cried happily, instantly bringing a smile to Sherlock’s face. “Oh, ah, Lord Sherlock! I did it!”
Sensing his master’s serious tone, John stopped playing with the horse. “Sir?”
As Sherlock was rather taller than the maid before him, the dress was not long enough to reach his feet. This meant that John could see a good deal of Sherlock’s long, fair legs. Socks covered his feet, but there were no shoes.
He tried to figure out what might have upset King John. It was a difficult problem. King John had said the world could be lonely, but it was unfathomable that such a handsome and courteous king would ever be unable to find charming company.
Once the horse was fed and left under the supervision of others in the convoy, John left with Sherlock to explore. John led the way, though Sherlock was not far behind.
“I’m not saying you shouldn’t, I just… well, we just got married. I didn’t consider thinking about that so soon. It seems so far off.”
WATSON
“‘Just Dance,’ to be precise. Bertie and I are going to play for you and Reggie. Not only that, but we’re going to do splendidly, and we both expect sound kisses afterward. Er, not from both of you. You know what I mean.”
I like to think that I’ve done pretty well for myself, all things considered. A flat share on Baker Street isn’t bad at all, and if it weren’t for Sherlock’s experiments flung about the place, it could even be nice. Sure, there are times when I have to be more aware than usual of how much I’m spending, but I’ve managed to pay my percentage, and I’m proud of the home that I’ve made with Sherlock.
With a half-nod, Sherlock buried his head into John’s shoulder.
Sherlock turned his eyes to the chair across from him. “Have a seat, Mr. Wooster.”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said meekly, to his mirror, “you’ve forgotten, anyway. Never mind, sir.”
MYCROFT
WATSON
“Sherlock?”
I… I have shared a few letters with the inspector…
“S-Sir… If I take liberties…”
There was another, sharper gasp. Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered, and then stayed shut.
You have a strong, sturdy build. That is not a surprise.
Rocking on his heels with a poorly contained enthusiasm, William took the knife and block from John, and took a seat in his armchair, beginning his work at once.
Moving to the other side of his servant, John again bound Sherlock’s gentle, pale hand to a bedpost. It struck John that Sherlock’s arms were already so slender and delicate, compared to those of the king, that it was almost superfluous to bind them.
The servant moved further back against the king’s chest, wanting to be as close to his master as possible. “Thank you for this, sir. I’m feeling much better.”
“I will, but promise me you won’t storm into the room and make a scene.”
WATSON
It could no longer be denied that he loved Sherlock. He had for a long time. Even if he had not fallen in love with the servant immediately, certainly his feelings had been strong from the start, and had grown quickly. He adored his inquisitive, gentle, fair-skinned, curly-haired servant.
Sherlock could not bear John’s generous words, and yet he was hungry for more of his dear servant’s warmth. He closed the door behind John, and came behind him, closing his arms around the other man. He fancied that John was breathing a little faster that moment, and it was lovely to behold. “May I undress you?”
“Yes, yes, oh.” John’s voice was now huskier than sin, his soft gasp more beautiful than virtue.
The king’s smile grew wider. He looked so happy and handsome that he was almost difficult to look at. “No, thank you, Sherlock.”
“Relax, Sherlock.” The king touched the servant’s shoulders, and then guided him back, to lie down on the bed. “It’s all right.”
I have resolved never to tell Holmes of my inclinations, and pray that whatever is wrong with me will be made right in time.
He had almost forgotten about winning that tournament. It hadn’t occurred to him that his people would be so proud of the accomplishment. He didn’t even think that they would have heard about it before the convoy had reached the city, but apparently the news had made the journey faster than the convoy had. Any monarch would have been fortunate to be viewed as a champion to be proud of, though John did not feel especially fortunate, as this meant that John would eventually have to make public appearances and accept the congratulations of his subjects.
“I know it’s a secretive organization.”
“Oh, my dear Sherlock….” The king slowed in his rhythm, and his hand repeated its motion against Sherlock’s gown, resulting in another helpless whine from the pining servant. “I’ve been neglecting you.”
John could hardly breathe, and it was not because of the soft dressing gown against his face. His mind reeled through his memories, trying to remember all that he could of the soldier he had treated. He had been wounded by a sword in the arm. Didn’t William have a scar in the same place?
As soon as he entered the noisy place, he saw a familiar person leaning on the bar, talking to other people. The priest turned towards John, with a wide smile of recognition. “John, there you are. I haven’t seen you in ages.”
“Sherlock,” a low, dangerous voice breathed. “Mine.”
“I can’t change the world, brother mine. But, at least, things will be better between us.” The older brother said quietly, “I promise. We work together, not against each other.”
John felt that he could stand right where he was and admire his dear servant all day. “Did you enjoy it?”
John had taken part in his fair share of military campaigns and conflicts over the years. He had known many enemies on the battlefield. There had also been many allies, as well.
Soon, it was time for them to depart. They needed to return to their convoy, and eventually, to their journey’s ultimate destination.
It was a rare thing to share one’s confessions, which showed in John’s appreciative eyes. “What did he say?”
The door is open.
Sherlock was blushing even more than he had been a moment ago. “I’d prefer to discuss it in private.”
Presently, their convoy was voyaging down a humble road that was surrounded on both sides by lush trees and bushes. Little else could be seen in any direction. It would have seemed like a comfortable, private place, if not for the rest of the vehicles behind the king’s caravan.
“My lovely John.” The king was enchanted by the sounds John made. He clasped John’s wrists, calming them with soothing strokes around the bond. His hips fell into a steady rhythm.
Bertie’s face brightened suddenly. “Oh, and there’s Jeeves. He works, of course, and thank goodness for that. I don’t know where I’d be if he hadn’t signed up. He’s really a gem of a PA, you know.”
The priest smiled, apparently glad to be the bearer of what could only be good news. “It sounds like the opportunity you have been waiting for. Perhaps, John, God has heard your prayers.”
There was a familiar digital sound from Bertie’s pocket, and within moments, he was packing up, though not as easily as he had in the past.
Moving his hand down to his servant’s, John turned his head towards the forest. “Come on, let’s keep moving. Maybe walking some more would be a good idea.” John started again, and Sherlock obediently followed, holding his hand. “Good, just like that. I’m very glad to be walking with you, Sherlock.”
John began to leave the room, but as he moved away, he passed by a mirror and looked for a moment, imagining himself in the quality clothing of a royal attendant. Would King William notice his humble servant then?
Music tinkling from a piano filled the void.
Sherlock was touched by this kindness. He knew that he ought to thank the tactful king for being so understanding, but he could not find enough courage in himself to say that much.
The duels took place in a roped-off enclosure, with stadium seating all around the arena. There was a tremendous audience. Many people excitedly cheered on beloved heroes and admired members of royalty. They also jeered at the contestants that did not have their favour.
I don’t know what’s come over you, but you’d best reconsider whatever it was you were about to say. I’m a man of the law.
I received a letter from him this morning. He has informed me that he is no longer able to continue communication. It was his last letter.
Then I’ll wait here until he gets back.
“I’d rather sit with you, I think. If that’s all right.”
“You don’t have to.”
So you wear your spectacles, even we are alone in the flat, so that I will not notice your ‘soulless eyes’?
The servant was then dismissed, leaving Sherlock to gather his belongings for the journey.
“I have to agree, on all your points. I don’t think I’ll be telling anyone else about my posish either.”
It had seemed that William had truly enjoyed some part of their intimacy, but now John felt as if everything he had done had wronged William somehow. He followed William into the bathroom, for the obvious reason that he could redeem himself by being of service, and for the secret reason he did not admit to himself, that he could barely stand to be away from Sherlock, so suddenly, after learning the feel of his arms.
“Yes, sir.” John touched the top of the other man’s blanket. He prayed that he would be allowed to do this, even if it was only in his service at King William’s humble attendant. “I don’t want you to be lonely.”
This gave William pause, which seemed to make John focus all the more sharply on his tunic. Lestrade’s whereabouts must be controversial indeed for John to act this way. William’s beloved servant had never before questioned him, even in this meek and gentle fashion.
“But it will not be heaven for
“Um, thanks. You mean about my feelings for Sherlock?”
Bertie shook his head, staring at the ground. “Jeeves has a point, I’m afraid. Our world isn’t exactly like yours. Imagine, John, that all your kith and kin had a title or were in grabbing distance of one, and all your pals came from the same old dear schools as you, and not one of you had been without a kind of personal attendant since bouncing into this world. Fancy, then, how you’d feel giving Sherlock the rush if his circle was all the working set, thoroughly respectable and self-reliant and all that. I mean to say, how do you carry on together? Do you become more like his people—or him like yours?”
“It would be too soon. I don’t intend to wait very long before I do that, though. In the meantime, you are free to look around this room, and my room too, of course. There are other servants outside if you need anything.”
Irrelevant, now. But Sherlock couldn’t keep from spinning the question around in his brain while he watched John breathe. John Watson. A phenomenal man -
“Not much,” James answered honestly, taking off his gloves.
"Hike!" John shouted, his voice coming out too rough, too angry, and the dogs leaped forward. They knew the path. They remembered where he'd set his traps
~~/~~
spinning. Definitely not worth it. He didn't even know what time it was.
belongings were everywhere here. He couldn't move them. He let his face fall into his hands but he couldn't cry. Shock, probably. He didn't want it to
John got home to the empty flat and made himself strip off his coat. He wanted to turn around and go to a bar, he wanted to drown himself in the addiction.
“It wasn't working for me,” the woman replied, her voice wavering. She sounded young. And nervous.
He wondered, guessing this was yet another gay-couple misunderstanding, but not really bothering to care if it meant Sherlock would be released from the
was fastest to follow their
that back to him.
a janitor's cart and walk. The inaccurately titled 'security guards' didn't apparently care that his mop was bone dry. Sherlock rushed down the steps to
It sounded as if Sherlock were asking if it were physically possible.
into the floor, a damn cellphone password that made no sense at all. And Sherlock could still never give the police a 100% solved case rate, because there
A black limo pulled up at the kerb beside him. John stalled, unsure what the
“No, she never got to the hotel, look at her hair,” he said to buy time. He had to back that up with..something. “She colour-coordinates her lipstick and her shoes. She'd never have left any hotel with her hair still looking...” he said and stopped short. That was a damn good segue. He was getting better at this. And this was a very good day to have a good day. “Oh!” he gasped, backing up to smack against the wall behind him.
"And you came here?" she asked quietly. John blinked, only then thinking to be embarrassed by the dichotomy. He'd shat his pants, been tortured, shot a
nothing that hadn't been projected onto New Scotland Yard's station wall in full color.
guessed, humming appreciatively at the smell of bread wafting into the room. He was wearing his pleated trousers and silk shirt again, its collar artfully
"-Tower -London -doors -open, -open -open. -I walk inside easily. -Hotel, -twelve -rooms, -you -think -I -not enter? -Doors closed, -I approach and hit
He'd see the pictures and if he was wrong and Sherlock was gone, he was going back to Afghanistan.
"John Hamish Watson -" Sherlock started, only to freeze, his whole body going tense and still. They were starting again, John could feel it, just from that
"You should have that on a t-shirt," Magnussen drawled.
John clicked his tongue, disagreeing. Sherlock frowned at him, obviously puzzled, but he got in the car. Mycroft's eyes widened in understanding and
He climbed out of the car slowly and Sally made sure to stand beside him, ready to grab the man if he tried to enter before the police force secured the
John watched him work, fascinated, as Sherlock discovered names and addresses and occupations before he'd even greeted these online clients. Then he
John imagined sitting in his chair, the noise of England surrounding him, the scent of chemical supplies and rotting experiments in his nose. Sherlock
another round of useless therapy. And he was not in control of his violence, now. John glanced at Sherlock, still lying on the bathroom tile, and rubbed at
for the door and John groaned as the printer booted back to life and started pushing out another page.
didn't even know where his chair was, now. And this was Sherlock's home now, clearly. Somehow, he had never imagined Sherlock moving on, after he'd left.
“Yes, obviously,” Moriarty tossed out. John stared. James Moriarty tore his eyes away from his suitcase, visibly annoyed. “Oh, perhaps I should mention, I didn't kill her,” he grumbled.
"You're welcome," he answered on his own. Lestrade met John's eyes, looking a bit confused.
Lestrade who was halfway through a sentence with Donovan. Lestrade nodded back and John started for the genius waiting for him to catch up.
"Disney movie," John explained. Sherlock shook his head, disregarding the tangent.
"We need a second mug," John mentioned. Sherlock turned and stared at him as if he'd started to scream. John turned back to pulling the bear's flesh from
~~/~~
There is no way the police force would find John on their own.
him. He'd never been particularly comfortable with touch and the idea of anything personal, sexual, was either disgustingly vulgar or dull to the point of
John told himself, fighting for his patience as he wandered toward the stairs. He dawdled with his clothing but he knew he couldn't hide up in his room
with the strapline "
thought about it.
he wondered, but John would look at him differently after, would never forgive him for that either. Yet another crime. Sherlock grimaced. But he needed
"Suicide?" Lestrade asked, reaching for the file and Sherlock handed it back.
genuinely surprised. Did that sound like he was flirting? Sherlock had to blush and look away.
the violin. John had no idea what the composition was
“Of course we'll be needing two,” he growled.
the force over his radio as they approached the first address. It was a large, concrete building rising out of the middle of a shitty suburban area, next
The dogs leaped at the end of their lines, yipping and growling with excitement. All but Gladstone, who stayed calmly buried in the snow, his feet beneath
his brain visibly clicking back online.
suspected. His ‘ally’ in London. Through John. Did John know that Mycroft had planned ahead for these homicides? What had driven John to do it? Paying him
sound kept screaming out from downstairs, until he'd blinked and it settled into being just the sound of an extremely ill-played violin.
“I can,” he replied. John blinked, watching him walk into the kitchen for a bottle opener. Once again, he wondered what Sherlock had gone through in his
involvement. This was why you didn't fucking negotiate with terrorists – you never knew what you were handing them.
edible in the bar. Sherlock clasped his hands behind his back, looking uncomfortable.
either way...
"What?" she asked and he reached for his phone.
at the blueprint again, starting to look excited.
“Your -partner. -To -who -you -reveal -everything. -Who -you -trust -with -full -knowledge,” John demanded and left, closing the door behind himself.
"Sorry, Lestrade still hasn't asked you out - though I'm fairly grateful for the lack of a ring," Sherlock replied. Molly's eyes widened. John stepped
Sherlock had started back home, wondering how much eye-staring constituted 'a lot', when his phone buzzed with a text.
Sherlock answered.
John gaped at Sherlock, who met his gaze defiantly.
permission from his brain.
“Quite clear. And is your wife away for long?” James asked, softly raising his eyebrows.
John showed him the text, confirming it. His hands were sweaty but dry at the fingertips; he'd been reading something on paper.
“Oh you, showing off,” Mrs. Hudson scolded. Sherlock started rummaging through the tupperware, checking his answers and Mrs. Hudson tutted at him, as if
to keep up his fluid intake for at least another week. Not that Sherlock was likely to be a help with that. Mrs. Hudson pulled a finger across a still-damp
around his arms – the only reason he was going to keep his hands, through this, but the man was smart about it; he'd yet to come close to John at all while
ticket to heaven.
~~/~~
"Well then, Sherlock, back on the sauce? The siren call of old habits. How very like Uncle Rudy. Though in many ways, cross-dressing would've been a wiser
"Wait," he mocked, snarling. He hated waiting. Sally nodded.
as John yet again tried to get the damn question answered.
“Time? What would that change?” Sherlock scoffed. John concentrated on keeping his breath even; the last thing he wanted to do was debrief his latest
"Did you bring your gun as I suggested?" Sherlock asked just as they walked into the crowded room. John closed his eyes.
invitation. Showed no sign of shame. Just a certain grim resignation. Grim? Sherlock felt his eyes widen in realization, recognizing John's old expression.
"Okay, you asked for it," the man whined, sounding nervous. John pulled the weapon aside, kneed the man's groin and kicked out his legs. The unstable,
"-That -should -obvious," John translated.
"Am I important," he asked next and John winced.
Sherlock woke up with his head pounding. Light was filtering through the curtains in his bedroom. Morning.
lines on either side of the floor and the numbered lots. It was a huge basement garage, lit up only by overhead lights.
Sherlock smirked and turned away, trying to ignore the question. Leave John? Let him heal alone? Sherlock wasn’t sure he knew how. Did that make him a
"It's password protected," Sherlock sneered. "In return for the password, you will give me any material in your possession pertaining to John."
unfathomable.
was a pleasant feeling, spinning around in his brain, and he wasn't going to fight it. Sherlock sputtered at him, laughing, but John didn't move.
Lestrade had not expected him – predictable. Molly licked her lips, apparently ready to talk, and Sherlock turned his attention to her.
a photograph, because
he thought John had barely spoken at all since he'd jumped.
There was a building across the block that looked into 221B. Only the second apartment from the end on the third floor could see through the trees into
"You just 'know things'. How does that work?" he asked.
Finally, the cab pulled up to 221 B Baker Street, the residential building as quiet and unremarkable as ever. Or, at least, in John's eyes. Sherlock
"Is that news to you?" Sherlock sneered before ripping himself back to the image. He was
A bath. Then bandages. John pulled his arms from their slings. He’d keep his bandaged hand out of the water and replace its gauze after. He pushed himself
"Stop passing out," Mike repeated, dragging him back toward the hook.
"Don't die," John said finally, evidently deciding to trust in Sherlock's claim. He closed his eye again.
the last word, and go buy a beer. Now he was stuck in a hospital room with glaringly bright lights and a nurse mummy wrapping him and trying not to listen.
“Oh. My. God,” Harry announced and John knew she’d finally noticed him. “You were dead. How-“
it didn't matter. Sherlock couldn't put him together again. He needed the arctic with its constant silence and promise of death awaiting him as soon as he
“You know, same.” John tried to keep a blank face and even managed a small smile.
“No I did not...Okay, maybe. I just wanted to thank you for the lovely evening Sherlock, I really appreciate it.”
“Well, you are the one who keeps reminding me that you are a soldier.” Sherlock shot back. John ignored the comment and continued. “And tomorrow, you are definitely going to help me clean th-”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Don’t be ridiculous John.” He stated. “I would have directed them to Mycroft, maybe they would take him to his home planet in which he has his own fortress of solitude.” He said smirking and John replied with a small laugh.
He slowly breathed out through his nostrils.
“I have already forgiven you, Sherlock. Don’t worry about it anymore.” The doctor squeezed Sherlock’s arm in order to comfort him. “Looks like I am not the only one who drank too much tonight after all.” He said teasingly after seeing the light blush and the sheepish expression on Sherlock’s face. He pulled a little away from him to look directly up at the detective’s eyes. Sherlock held his gaze and said
“How?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow.
“ Shall we go upstairs then?” He asked, suddenly for some reason increasingly becoming unsure of himself.
John closed his eyes and pinched the bridge of his nose trying to remain calm.
He reminded himself,
They shared a look and Sherlock gently put the violin on his shoulder and assumed a pose that comes naturally to him from years of experience. He started to play the piece and let his long fingers dance on the strings.  John leaned back in his chair and watched as his friend playing the instrument with ease. His small movements were in harmony with the melody of the piece he was playing. Looking at him he thought that it was almost like the man has become one with the violin he played. His eyes were closed and he seemed to have lost himself in the notes of the music
John flinched at the jumping of the roofs bit but let out a small chuckle.
John cleared his throat and sheepishly said “Sorry, they were out of pig nails.”
“I know your methods.” John answered simply.
John turned his head to face him and asked Greg with a glint in his eyes. “Do you remember the infamous Christmas party?”
He thought but then he heard the doorbell rang. Mrs Hudson was out and he wasn’t expecting any clients so he decided to get the door himself. He went downstairs and the door opened at the same time he reached the last step.
“I was keeping a suit at the clinic in case of work meetings and such.”
For the first time in that evening John looked very smug about himself while muttering the words:
“Yes and I may have even helped a little.” Sherlock answered becoming slightly light headed because of John’s intense attention on him. “Let’s sit and eat then. Shall we?” And with that he turned around and hurried to the kitchen in hopes of getting a hold of himself.
“Sherlock! What did you do to my bloody flat?”  Mrs Hudson asked in a voice that sounded slightly angry while her eyes were opened wide in bewilderment upon seeing condition of the living room.
John raised his eyebrows at him.
John stopped in the mid-sentence the instance he stepped into the living room. It was not even remotely close to the state that he left it in the morning. He looked around in amazement. The room was tidy and neat as John has never seen it before. Everything was clean -
John noticed the wine bottle Sherlock has brought to the table along with two glasses. He grabbed the bottle and began inspecting it. “So you have never gone shopping to buy milk for the flat but you went out to buy a bottle of wine.”
Now, he is back where he had been in 2009, with his shoulder pierced by a bullet and his head filled with images of blood and death, and that makes dark red anger flair up in his chest.
“Is that the only german word you remember?”
“We’ll need kitten milk, and they might be old enough to try cat food too, a litter box, and a cat bed.” Sherlock’s hair is damp, he smells of sage and honey, and he is reading John’s thoughts again.
I need input.
John understands. Things have been good for the past few months, a routine has been established for the three of them and after everything that happened they’ve finally started to feel comfortable around each other again. It's more than that though, John might not be as observant as the world’s only consulting detective but he has noticed the way Sherlock looks at him and then looks away when John turns his head. He has witnessed small smiles and blushes whenever they are in close proximity. There were touches too, the brush of a hand against his arm or John letting his palm linger at the small of Sherlock’s back for longer than strictly necessary. It was a wonderful new development, a small, tender thing that made John’s belly flutter the moment he thought about it and going away, even for a bit, he feared would break the spell.
“Well, this is just as dull as the flat, just colder.” I mumble, and it is just to annoy him, when he is the one doing me good. Walking, our hands brushing between us from time to time, has already done me good, his plan working, and I thank him by being an arse. How is it that he still puts up with me?
“Oh, I will, Captain Holmes,” he retorts, countering the first attack. Wood and metal meet each other in a dull sound, and John can’t hold back the giggle as they make their way around the kitchen table, ignorant to their interior. Sherlock is a great fencer, John not so much, and by the time they reach the living room, the broom clatters to the floor.
John’s arms wrapped tighter around me, he rested his forehead between my shoulder blades. He moved slightly and adjusted his weight before pressing a kiss to the spot. His lips were warm, even through the fabric of my t-shirt
I don't live too far away and the case has fascinated me for years. I'd be happy to chat about it, if you are interested.
“I don’t need it. The kittens do.”
“That is very true, darling. But we love him still, don’t we?”
He does not read further, knowing they won’t be going. Memories come flooding back of Sherlock being all excited for their Halloween party last year, how he had spent weeks finding the perfect costume, how dashing he had looked as a dandy – a time traveller from the late 19th century could not have looked more authentic. And even though his fake moustache had tickled horribly, John had enjoyed his own costume too.
He smells of the lavender hand soap and the new laundry detergent he bought a few days ago, he’s warm and it is an instinct to melt against him. I hold back, closing my eyes for a moment, before my focus returns to the particles under my microscope. They look familiar, and I adjust the slide with my right hand.
Sherlock uses John’s distraction against him, and with the blink of an eye, John is pressed against the bookshelves, the rapier close to his throat.
„Show-off.“ John rests his hand on my hip. “It’s been unsolved for almost a hundred years now, darling. Might be something you can come back to when no criminal has the courtesy to murder someone for a while.”
“You… said you didn’t care. That we weren’t…”
This leaves Adrenaline Part I and II, and Words Part I and II. Any guesses, what they could be about?
He leans forward, forehead forming that lovely line as he considers the passers-by, making their way home or enjoying a run.
His mouth tastes like he has been actively gulping down bottles of papier mâché and is as stale as if he had tried washing it down with sand.
Do normal people ever feel like this? Do they seek intellectual input to a point of madness, or can they just take a break and not think without the help of certain substances? They must. How else would they survive two weeks on the beach every year, shopping sprees and bank holidays? In moments like that I envy them for their little brains, happy to be filled with crap telly and nonsense books.
She doesn’t answer, of course, though she looks at him as if she could at any moment if she wanted to. He is surprised by her friendliness towards him after all the bad experiences she had probably gone through with other humans, experiences that made her and her siblings end up in a dirty London alley.
“Thank you.” I say, as the laughter fades out, lips still curled up in a smile, and he tilts my head up with his index finger against my chin to kiss me.
Sherlock Holmes is alive, and John Watson will live.
“How is it, Sherlock Holmes, that you look even more beautiful than usual?” He whispers and the “sentiment” I give as an answer sounds less sarcastic than I had intended it to.
They both know they have to. And John is not going to wait any longer, not when he just got his best friend back. Feeling brave, John tilts his head up and kisses Sherlock’s mouth. Their lips fit together perfectly, as they learn the shape of the other, the touch both longing and tender, a promise of a tomorrow.
*explicit*
I huffed, the blog after years was still a way to tease my John, something we both enjoyed. “Next to the fact that Michael Danes heard the voice of a doll, not a muppet…”
Why could this bullet not just have ended it this time, let him go into the dark, which compared to this grey room, this grey, dull world, seems so appealing?
John is trying to remember what happened. And then he does, suddenly, with much clarity.
In case you are wondering, the cold case took place in Hinterkaifeck near Ingolstadt in Bavaria, Germany. An man, his wife, daughter, two grandchildren and a member of staff were slaughtered in their isolated farm house. There were many suspects but the mixture of affairs, insenst and the chaos after the first World War made solving it impossible.
“Hiiii” She squeals, as he picks her up to kiss her cheek.
“Yes. Love him very much.”
“Case solved, then, darling?”
“Which one?”
“Oh, I will.” John steps towards the front door and unlocks it. As soon as it closes behind us, his arms are around me. “Still, I want you to call me when you need to, okay? Maybe just not about… missing socks or stuff like that.” He is still smiling; I can feel it against my neck.
John looks down at Graham, curled up in his lap, tail tucked against his belly. “Our secret, buddy.” He says to the sleeping kitten, stroking his paw.
This is where I will get married to John, I think for what must be the thirtieth time today. This just makes it very real somehow, and it makes my breath hitch.
“Where are we going?” Rosie opens the door, as Papa puts her school back in the trunk.
I kiss his hair, bury my nose in it to be surrounded by his scent. My eyes find the ocean, and I take in his seeming endlessness. Its waves will crash against these shores for a long time after we are gone. And I will love John Watson as long as my heart beats. I whisper that into his ear – too old to care about being perceived as romantic. He shudders against me, holds me closer.
“Well, Watson, I think I will remain clothed for a bit longer, now,” Sherlock rasps against his cheek, leaving a kiss at the spot where ear meets jaw. It’s lovely and John moves towards him, stealing a kiss.
“Those are just for me as well.” John thinks, then turns his head away quickly. God, he feels like a creep. Maybe he should be honest with Sherlock about his feelings. Not that he expects them to be reciprocated, but at least that would give Sherlock a choice as to whether or not he wants to share a flat with a guy who is secretly lusting over him. The thought turns his stomach into knots.
“Single, wants kids, has two large dogs instead.”
“A few months later, yes. You had a pretty dress on, and your father and I wore matching suits, a week later I signed adoption papers so I could be your father on paper, too.” Papa makes his horse turn to the right, so they can ride around the lake. Rosie debates with herself whether she wants to stop and skip some stones, or stay on Pippa’s back forever. While she does, there are still a few questions to be asked.
John had to go up there and have a look at the house to manage the sale, no matter how much his heart stung at the thought of giving it away to some stranger. He decided to take Rosie with him to spend a few days up there and show her around. She would love the countryside and he would enjoy seeing her learn new things.
“Oh, yes, that too,” John smiles up at me, and I get distracted by the laugh lines around his mouth. They are deeper and numerous now than they were when I first met him, and he tries to hide them behind a full beard now - he does look very sexy in one, or else I would have convinced him to shave. He doesn’t like getting older. He has taken up running and even works out in those track pants that flatter his figure so well (and I’m sure I’ll get a halfhearted smacking if I ever mention that to him). For my part, I love that I get to watch him grow older. It means that with all of our adventures, he never got hurt – not fatally – and that he has never gotten annoyed with me enough to leave me. That we still love each other. Not everyone gets that privilege.
I almost consider staying where I am when Lestrade calls about an abduction case. Instead, we both leap to our feet and dash out into the streets of London.
“God, there are cats in our flat.” John says to himself, shaking his head in disbelief. And neither of them knows anything about cats, at least John has never heard about Sherlock keeping one as a pet.
“Bye!” She calls out to Emma, before she runs towards the road, bouncing up and down as she waits for the traffic light to switch to green. She waves at Papa and he waves back before his hand disappears back into the pocket of his coat.
“Mycroft’ is the name you gave me, if you could possibly struggle all the way to the end.” Sherlock says, voice a high-pitched parody of what his brother sounds like. They burst into another set of giggles.
Instead, John finds Sherlock standing in the middle of the room staring at something that seems to be on John’s chair, hidden from the doctor’s view.
John was by his side in a moment, enveloped him against his chest. “It doesn’t change anything. I won’t let it. I love you. I’ve loved you for so long.” He whispered into Sherlock’s chest, the words not quite reaching him.
“I know what you think, in your brilliant brain, Sherlock. But relationships end. That happens. And if you run into that person from your letter…”
“So, you think she’s fake then?”
We are still adjusting to the quiet and the calm. It isn't easy; both of us struggle with the routine and the lack of excitement and adrenaline. But we've found new things to do. Building a functioning beehive and taking care of the swarm occupies me for quite a large portion of the day, and John is working on honing his writing skills now that he isn’t wasting away at the surgery anymore.
As much as I was typically able to focus on my work and shut out what went on around me, I could not fail to notice John approaching. He likes being around as I work, making tea, reading the newspaper, and has become adept at being quiet enough so I won’t yell at him to stop breathing. Over the years, he has evolved into becoming background noise, just as the traffic of London or the patter of rain, something that I miss when it isn’t there. It’s good to have John around when I need to shut out the world, I never feel unsafe when he is there and readily able to react to any outside threats. Also, I do happen to like John, which he is very aware of and constantly serves as his main argument when I do shout at him to leave.
They held each other for a long time, and Sherlock felt the knots in his stomach slowly loosen, his racing brain calmed by John’s presence alone.
There wasn’t much to show inside. Isla had a large kitchen with a dinner table tucked into the far corner and a door led to the living room and terrace. Upstairs, they found two bedrooms and a bathroom, the only room that seemed to have been renovated to make it easily accessible for a woman in her eighties.
He does not disappoint. Sherlock comes in and his whole posture is different. He beams at John and after a quick kiss, disappears into the bathroom. John follows his every move, and as soon as the door closes, he listens for every sound he makes.
“I’ll be there,” John repeats – a promise to the man sitting by his side, and to himself.
“Ja.”
Sherlock feels a shiver down his spine, his heart races in his chest. In all those months away, this was the code word he had feared most.
“I cannot stay. There is so much I still must do, until every last trace of Moriarty is wiped from this earth. But I will come back, John. I promise. I will return to London, and to you, as soon as I can.” Sherlock squeezes his hand again, then lifts it to his mouth to breathe a kiss against the bruised skin.
Papa looks at the path ahead when he continues talking. “I was very happy to have you living with me. The two of us would stay up all night sometimes, when you had a tummy ache or just didn’t want to sleep, we would read stories or chat, even when you could only say three or four words at the time.”
Okay, so I thought this was just a one shot, but now the story isn't letting me go… I really want to continue this! What do you think?
“I don’t know how that is important John. We have more than once successfully cuddled while having intense and important conversations.”
John hears it too, as much as I hope he wouldn’t. I don’t need pity, not even from John. Broad shoulders tense, and in the corner of my eye I can see that lovely mouth pull into an angry frown. John is one of the few men I know who gets more attractive as their temper rises, anger darkening his eyes, chest puffing out. He is going to defend me- I’m not a damsel in distress, could easily bring them to tears with my deductions. They would be embarrassed, hurt even, and think me more of a freak than before. John has defended me before, the first time being the day after we met, perfect strangers still.
“I looked after you, sometimes, when he had to work. You didn’t live with me, then, because your father insisted on being stupid for a while. But we got along so well, you and I, that finally he decided on moving back in.”
I wait for the sound of his plate against the desk, before I sit up and flop down again, face pressed into his lap. He smells of the cold air outside, still, of the food he had and of John-ness, which is my favourite. He makes one of those small sounds that is partly surprise and laughter, then his hand in my hair.
They giggle, which seems to scare the tuxedo cat, as she hides behind the curtains. That only makes them laugh louder, her shocked and offended face hilarious. When they calm down, John asks. “So, any suggestions?”
“Horses? Oh, I like horses!”
“Thai?” he asks, as they step into the elevator.
“Ready to walk down that aisle, then, gorgeous?” John asks, voice rough with emotion. Until this moment, I never understood what was so special about the bureaucratic act of getting a marriage licence. As is my treatment of sentimentality, I was blind to it until I actually had to encounter it. It is so very extraordinary. Every person who plays an important role in my life is here. There is no need for us to do this, but we have made the choice to do this, just for us. And it deserves to be special. That’s why we chose this location, these suits, these guests. That’s why we’ll have cake and a dance floor. And that’s why, at the end of the day, a car will be waiting for us to take us to our honeymoon destination: the cottage where I asked John to marry me.
“Well, my best man might think I bolted…” I admit. “Would you talk to him? Before he tries to reach John and makes him panic, too?”
Back in the flat, he hangs garlands and places candles in the windows. He orders food to be delivered around seven and gets some scary movies from his collection to sit next to the TV. Time flies by and by quarter to six, John barely has time left to get dressed. He puts his normal clothes over his costume, turns the lights off in the living room and sits down at the kitchen table with the newspaper, trusting that Sherlock will follow his usual routine after coming home.
Thank you so much to _S_IRIS_ on twitter for beta reading this one. Thank you for putting this much time and effort into this chapter and adding a few cute little scenes to it :)
“Agreed.”
We play another four rounds of our little game, but I am concerned with another thought, my boredom melting away, as I go through all the wedding rings I can remember, most of them on the hands of dead bodies. I doubt John would mind.
“Oh my god, Sherlock. What...?”
His fingers were trembling around the cigarette. He hadn’t taken a drag in almost ten minutes, just stared at the world, which was upside down – Sherlock was hanging off the bed, blood collecting in his head. This world was not the same anymore and Sherlock was the only one who knew. Yet. Soon, John would come home. Sherlock had never dreaded anything more. The idea numbed him, made him incapable to move. He hadn’t blinked in a while, the smoke burning in his eyes.
With a final look, John follows Sherlock into the night. They pass windows with pumpkins and skeletons, dash past children dressed as mummies and vampires, along with their less motivated parents. John reaches out, intertwining their fingers as they run along.
That darkness was not death, but unconsciousness. Somehow, someone had gotten him out of the desert and into this hospital, for him to get patched up.
“I was aware that…”
“The black and white one is the only girl.” Sherlock looks at her as he currently hangs off the curtain she was hiding behind only minutes ago.
We come to stand by the water, Mike and Greg waiting next to the registrar, and I fix my eyes on John, knowing that if I even glance in Mrs. Hudson’s direction, I will break down. Her unwavering support of our relationship from the beginning means everything and I promise myself I’ll hug her and tell her just that if I happen to find a quiet moment later. I am, after all, a groom and allowed all that sentimental stuff today.
There is nothing to crush, no explosive chemicals available and leaving the house is not an option right now. Wound up like this, I’m a ticking time bomb, a danger to others and myself, especially when faced with idiots.
Initially, John had planned to invite some people. Molly, Mrs. Hudson, the neighbours maybe. But people – and Sherlock especially – were unpredictable and he wanted nothing to go wrong this time. So, as planning went along, John had decided he would use this as an excuse for a date night. Just Sherlock, good food and great costumes.
“You know, you could make a list.”
John nods. “Anything you like, love. Today is for you, my Captain.”
Donavan was the first to choose that word again when I consulted Lestrade on our third murder case. She has used it multiple times now, not knowing how it affects me. I’m glad of that. She would use it against me if she did.
The first familiar face I spot is that of Molly Hooper. She is wearing another horrid dress, orange this time, and a large flower in her hair.
It's Valentine's day tomorrow, so I'm dependent on kind words from strangers😂
*explicit*
“What reasons?” I ask, after a few more kisses.
“Romanticised term for such a fascinating tendency within the bee society.”
“Yes.” The answer was so sudden that John froze as he moved to reach out for his glass, there was a hitch to the baritone voice as Sherlock continued. “Yes, that would be acceptable.”
“I’ll get you another bowl of milk, yeah? So you’ll get big and strong?”
“I… John.” What use were words, when they couldn’t describe this conglomerate of emotion, this rollercoaster only going down?
“Twenty bloody years,” John whispers as he pulls back, our noses resting against each other.
“Ability to be quiet.” John interrupted with a chuckle, I looked up to find him smiling with his eyes closed.
Hope you all had a great weekend
(See the end of the chapter for
“I got something for you.” John says, when we turn onto Baker Street, lifting the back for emphasis and he has me surprised.
Then everything downed on him. “You -you did this on purpose.” He asked mouth still hanging open.
“To the very best of times, John.” he said raising his glass.
“Oh, God. You should have seen the look on your face!” He said wiping his tears of laughter.
Sherlock’s eyes beamed with happiness and relief.
“Whatever you choose. I bet you already know which ones I like the most even better than me. So, your way.”
“Well, which one?” He asked out of the blue.
The great detective stood there his mouth open, eyes wide with shock and irrational fear. Everything was in contrast with his usual cold, detached demeanour. He was paler than usual -
“Cheers.”
“Well I’m not cleaning this mess, not you-”
Sherlock served the food and sat across his blogger.
“Are you sure?”
“No, it is perfect and I needed it, thank you John.”
John stepped in the hallway slowly turning and closing the door. The detective was relieved that his flatmate was finally home but something looked very odd. Sherlock glanced at the army doctor from head to foot. Underneath his black jacket
John just snorted in return. Greg continued: “Believe me, I know, I have known him before you came along and you wouldn’t believe how often Mycroft was calling me to go check on him to prevent him from doing something stupid. But after you, I did not receive any calls from him and--” John opened his mouth to protest but the detective did not let him:
The doctor laughed at the embarrassment of his friend who is normally known as the king of show-off. He considered doing something for a moment and hesitated but then thought
“You took them from the clinic.”
“Wanker.” John said trying and failing to keep the silly smile of his face. “And no, I don’t want to return it, I really liked it. And um, by the way, the box I gave you, it was really your gift.”
“Obviously.” said John and they grinned at each other at the brief change of their roles.
John grimaced at the thought of the mentioned person and took a long gulp from his drink. The DI did notice the change in his friend’s behaviour.
“Merry Christmas, John.” in a tone that made John’s heart skip a beat. Both of them smiled sincerely and a warm feeling spread across their chests while they were reluctantly pulling apart.
“Merry Christmas, Sherlock.” John said and with one last look at the detective, he turned and began to slowly walk towards his room. The night turned out very different from his expectations and presented him with a lot to reflect on. The ridiculous man gave him the perfect date-
“How are the things, Graham?” he said smirking.
“Oh, Sherlock. This is a little bit too much even for your standards dear, don’t you think?
“It had to be done.” Sherlock answered shortly. He didn’t move from his spot in front of the window where he stood with his hands in his pockets and his always calculating gaze wandering through the street below.
. John thought.
-- on the couch forming a little tower of mess with a very delicate balance. And in the middle of the chaos, standing the consulting detective whose curious blue eyes were darting everywhere frantically. His normally unruly curls of dark hair were now more carelessly pointing at every direction. Sherlock’s hands were fumbling among the pile of things rapidly while he was
“What is it Greg?” The doctor asked feeling a little irritated by the grin. Greg looked distressed and rubbed the back of his neck.
He asked softly but the slight tremor in his voice revealed the strained anger. When there was no response from the madman -
There was a delicious smell coming from the kitchen.  The doctor sniffed the air and asked “Oh, my God, Sherlock, did you let Mrs Hudson cook for us? She was dying to try her new recipes for us.” He focused his gaze on his flatmate.
continuing to throw everything randomly into the air.
Sherlock sighed theatrically while putting on a fake frown. “Well, I will just have to try and live with this disappointment.”
Sherlock thought,
he thought,
Sherlock went in front of the window in one long stride and grabbed the violin case that is sitting near. He opened the case and held the instrument tenderly. He started adjusting the knobs on the Strad, giving John time to think while he was tuning the instrument.
“ I am going out.” and left the room in a record speed.
“What?” Sherlock asked utterly confused.
There was a loud slam of the door that made the walls of 221B shook. The detective suddenly stopped his movements, ruffled his hair and brushed the dust off his dressing gown. He quickly went to the door and shouted downstairs while grinning mischievously.
“To the very best of times, cheers.” John lifted his own glass.
“Sherlock.” He said with a softness and admiration in his voice that he didn’t bother hiding. “I - I thought you didn’t like Christmas at all, or all the other holidays in that matter.”
They ate their food while speaking about cases, laughing at the memories while holding their stomachs and wiping tears of laughter and sometimes in a comfortable silence that is resulted from their natural connection and partnership for years. They finished their meal, both of their stomachs are now full.
John braced himself at the door of the 221B.
“ I hope it is what you wanted, Greg. I’m sure it’ll get better from this point forward, you are a nice bloke, you deserve it. ” John smiled to reassure his friend.
Just at that moment his phone buzzed from the pocket of his haversack jacket. It was a text from Lestrade.
He saw a bench nearby while walking through a park and went to sit on it. He rested his elbows on his legs and put his head between his hands
“I think you did drink too much.” Sherlock commented but nonetheless returned the hug while smiling. A little blush crept up his face. He enjoyed every second of the warm feeling of being in John’s arms being surrounded by his unique scent.
-  Care for a pint?
The piece was nearing its end and John began to feel a little bittersweet for he didn’t want it to end. Nevertheless, Sherlock moved to another piece like he was reading the doctor’s mind.
He quickly put on his pyjama bottoms and a t-shirt on and head down the stairs while rubbing his sleepy eyes and yelling to his flatmate .
John thought - and droplets of sweat started to gather on his forehead.
“No, no, here, I don’t want to ruin this by seeing the catastrophe over there.”
“Oh, don’t give me that! I am sitting here, opening up about all of my problems and you are trying to fool me like I didn’t notice the sour expression on your face when  I mentioned about him.” Greg looked slightly hurt. John finished the last drops of his beer with one swig and motioned the bartender for a refill.
John was wandering around the streets of London aimlessly. The cold winter air was filling his lungs.
. Intro of
“It is one of the bottles I keep for occasions.” Sherlock replied.
“Oh, shut up and eat already.”
“Okay, but I’m not gonna deal with that battlefield upstairs tonight.” John said while climbing the stairs.
He half muttered under his breath while slowly rising from his warm, comfortable bed.
Sherlock looked into the eyes of the man who stood in front of him. He knew it was just John’s way of getting back at him nevertheless he couldn’t help himself but feeling a bit of hurt. He tried to hide it but John knew his flatmate so well he didn’t miss the hurtful expression passing Sherlock’s eyes even if it was just for a moment. John realized he may have taken it too far and instinctively raised a hand to detective’s cheek even shocking himself with the action but he did not retract his hand and to his surprise Sherlock did not back away. John looked into his beautiful blue eyes and gave him a sincere smile. At that moment all doubts of John’s intentions disappeared from detective’s mind. He beamed back at him.
he thought. Just as he passed his chair to head for upstairs, something over the kitchen door caught his attention.
“Well, thanks Greg, that made two of you.”
“So you are actually going to eat?”
“Well, no offence Sherlock, but Mrs Hudson is a genius.”
John seated himself at the table that was already prepared.
“Oh my God, Sherlock! What in the bloody hell?! Jesus, what have you done this time?!”
John thought, but well, he decided, this was a discussion for another time.
“I know you prefer hideous ones but there is a gift card if you want to return it for a ridiculous one with cats or spaceships or something.” He sarcastically drew imaginary UFOs in the air.
“I - I finally did it.” John managed to say between fits of laughing. He grabbed his sides leaning his back to the wall almost falling because of laughter.
“Sherlock, I have a gift for you.” John rubbed the back of his neck nervously and went to stand in front of Sherlock, reaching the pocket of his jacket and handing over the gift to Sherlock who is now getting more confused and nervous with each passing second. Now with the doctor was much closer than before Sherlock noticed many things at once.
Sherlock cleared his throat.
John looked at him in surprise and went over to take the box. He tore the wrapping paper carefully while Sherlock was watching him closely. He opened the lid and took the gift out in order to see it clearly. It was a navy blue cashmere jumper which looked more fancy and modern than his current ones. He ran his fingers over the fabric and felt its softness and smoothness under his fingertips. He noticed that the colour of the jumper matched Sherlock’s favourite scarf perfectly. John felt very touched by the gesture.
“You don’t know what it takes to get John to leave the flat on a holiday! He has an irrational sentimental obsession for staying at home and acting like a library cat, especially at this time of year. It’s tedious.” Sherlock pulled a disgusted face but Mrs Hudson saw the softened expression on his face at the memories of their time together. She smiled knowingly.
There were so many thoughts and questions and he was trying to process everything at once. The gift in his hand became forgotten. He opened his mouth to say something but nothing came out.
Sherlock was sure John should have been home by now. He was fidgeting uneasily and drumming his fingers on the leather chair when he heard noises coming from downstairs.
“But how did you assume that I was going to react this way?”
“Allergy eye drops.”
“Okay, just teasing you, seriously though how are you doing Greg?”
He strode with certain, military disciplined steps and found his way through the mess. John grabbed his coat while angrily mumbling
“Brilliant, Sherlock!”
“Thank you, too. After all I’ve been putting you through the past years, you deserve more than that.” Sherlock said his voice almost a whisper.
Sherlock thought breaking the eye contact and trying to shake himself from the warm feeling of John’s hand left on his cheek.
“Shall we?” The detective gestured towards upstairs.
“I was a soldier, Sherlock. I can control my breathing.”
“He just-- He doesn’t even have the tiniest bit of respect towards me, you know, it’s been five years and he doesn’t even care about anything that doesn’t concern him, at all.” He ran a hand through his hair trying to regain his composure.
He tried to convince himself.
- was now lying on its side, blocking the kitchen door. There were microscopes, beakers and past experiments, and --
“Yes, always.”
Lestrade shook his head and tried to hide his grin but John had already noticed that.
“A small revenge.”
The younger man remained silent. He felt too many emotions at once; immense relief, surprise at his friend’s little game and even more surprise at getting tricked so easily.
He decided to make Sherlock come downstairs because he didn’t want to risk getting angry upon seeing the flat. That might screw up his plan. He checked the smell of his breath.
Sherlock started to panic and felt as though his brain was short circuited.
“It would be a waste, if I do not. Also, I promised Mrs Hudson, she has a weird ability to detect lies about me eating or not eating the food she prepared for us.”
Sherlock thought but didn’t put into words. “Well, I thought it will be a nice change considering I ruined the past ones by jumping of the roofs, insulting guests and all.” He waved his hand in the air mocking a bored expression.
Sherlock thought frustrated with the lack of information. “Okay.” He said taking a step forward to deduce John for more detail.
“That bad, huh? What has he done this time?”
. There was a slight bump on the left side of his jacket.
“I finally managed to leave world’s greatest consulting detective speechless.”
Which made him more curious because John never hid his gifts like that before. He expected John to be mad at him but there were no trace of anger in his movements. There was still a space between them and he couldn’t see John’s face properly because of the dim light of the hallway.
“Okay. I’ll say it but no hard feelings, okay?” He asked warily while a small blush creeping up to his face.
he thought.
Just then John lifted his gaze from the floor and looked up at Sherlock in the eye.
“I am not going to deal with this Sherlock.” he shook his head “No, not today.”
“Not my housekeeper, all right, all right.” Sherlock turned to face her and answered in an impatient tone. The detective stepped over a piece of furniture on his way like it was a carpet and asked while rubbing his hand together with an unreadable expression on his face.
John looked up at him quizzically “Which one of what?”
But it didn’t really matter because he felt privileged being the only person who is allowed to witness the real Sherlock Holmes. The piece was
Sherlock’s eyes opened wide with realization.
There were pig nails over the dining table, all bookshelves were now empty and all the books --especially John’s favourite ones,
“Your pupils were..”
John thought -- were thrown everywhere, there was a harpoon in front of the fire place and his chair -
“Sherlock! What on earth are you doing?! It’s seven o’clock in the morning and we were dealing with the case up until 4 am, and chasing a bloody murderer for God’s sake in a dark alley just 3 hours ago, you cannot be that bored by now. I swear if I eve--”
They stared into each other’s eyes sharing the same fond and content smile. After a few moments both of them snapped out from their reveries. John quickly averted his gaze and reached for his wine glass. Sherlock suddenly jumped up from his chair and cleared his throat.
he wasn’t sure if Sherlock heard that part.
“You are a brilliant bloke but I don’t understand why you are so bloody thick sometimes.”
“Yes, you bloody git. You are not the only one in the world who can play games, you know.”
“Better, actually. You know we’ve sent the divorce papers, and the process will finally be over in a week.” The detective looked like a burden has been lifted from his shoulders.
“You bet.”
15 minutes later they were both sitting on the stools next to each other, nursing their drinks thoughtfully. John was the first one to break the silence.
“Thanks, mate. Well, surely it was something I wanted after there was nothing left to do to save the marriage. I know I should have done it sooner, I figured out the fact that she was cheating on me long time before the Christmas four years ago. So I did not exactly needed a certain consulting detective to announce that my wife was cheating on me with the PE teacher, in the middle of a Christmas party.” He shook his head unbelievingly and chuckled at the memory.
“A few years! Well, he hasn’t got tired of you yet, has he?”
He was incredibly fortunate to have as much time as he had with King William. John was not the highborn noble lady that King William was supposed to be with. Nobles did not fall in love with their servants. But for now, he could gladly be in love with his master.
He didn’t need to enter the room after all. Though still uncertain about Montgomery, he knew Mycroft could be trusted with John’s company. Quietly, William stood, and walked away.
I wonder if this is the one instance, Mycroft, when all is clear to me and not to you. Inspector Lestrade is a man of the law, but to a point. Ha! If he were truly lawful to a fault, then he would not dare consult with me.
It was difficult to put the bliss he felt into words. “This is sublime.”
“Indeed, the social order is as strict in the underworld as it is here,” Sherlock said, “if not more so. Because of what I am, I will have to rule the place. Oh, I can think of nothing more boring, John!” Frustrated, Sherlock shut his eyes. “You know what heaven is made of, don’t you? Nothing but fields of reeds! Unchanging and eternal and utterly tiresome!” He opened his eyes, and saw the compassionate gaze of his cherished husband looking back at him. “But I would tolerate it, John, if I had could share a field with you, and we could grow crops together, or whatever it is the ordinary people do in the underworld, but that is not what gods do in heaven.”
King John smoothed over the material of Sherlock’s tunic, no doubt feeling the emotion of Sherlock’s beating heart.
“Oh,” Sherlock murmured. “Are you sure you don’t need…?”
William knew that his kingdom expected him to marry. This had not been the first time that a marriageable daughter had been purposefully mentioned in his presence. He also knew that he would have to return that interest someday. His kingdom would fall into chaos if he left no heir. But he had some time to wait until then.
“I am glad to hear that, though I suspect your natural goodness leads you to exaggerate his kindness.”
Sherlock relished the feeling of the king’s fingers freely preparing him, but soon the king was finished, and he took his hand back.
“Yes, right.” John stood up, cross in hand and message in heart. “Do you think Father Lestrade will be understanding?”
Though how anyone could ever become enamoured of Mycroft, especially from his conceited writing, is quite beyond me.
William looked away, not bothering to face his servant directly. “It is fine.”
“That’s much too generous, sir! I’m very happy with this cloak. But, um, I think Father Lestrade would like to have a pair.”
Here you are.
William opened his eyes, and John saw that there were tears in his master’s eyes.
SHERLOCK
“That is where you will sleep,” the other servant said.
King John finished with that task even more quickly, and then pushed Sherlock’s legs up so that his ankles came up nearly to his rear. His fingers continued to glide around with a hint of hesitation, teasing Sherlock without giving him the ultimate satisfaction he needed.
MYCROFT
There was no sign that Montgomery ever existed.
John might have laughed, if his servant hadn’t looked so genuinely concerned. Still, the king could hardly believe what he had heard. “
“Sherlock? You’ve mentioned his name before. Can’t say I’ve ever met the bloke. Whoever he is, mind reminding him that services are on Sunday?” Lestrade chuckled. “No, my request comes from the castle.”
What affected Sherlock most of all, however, was the music.
“No, sir, I want to do this. If it pleases you for me to serve you this way, then I want to do this. You do want this?”
Sherlock had no qualms with this, and agreed to meet the king the next day to make arrangements for the servant in the convoy.
“I do not mean to impose,” John said, “but I wonder if you could deduce what I did this day? I mean, can you figure it out?”
“I want…” John grappled with his words. He forced them out, as there was no use in trying to think of something better now. “I want to satisfy myself in your sweet mouth… I dream of you taking me between your lips…”
“John is good like that. I glanced at your blog, by the way. Your Jeeves, he seems clever enough, if rather preoccupied with the abstract. We’d get along either very well or very poorly I think, and perhaps someday we will find out which one. But not today.” Sherlock stood up from his chair. “Must be going; date with John. Let me say that again—date with John. Charming phrase. Has a nice sound.”
SHERLOCK
WATSON
“O-Of course, sir,” Sherlock stammered cutely. “But you needn’t worry.”
It was a short walk to the inn, and they did not need to ask for directions, as John knew the way well. When they were inside the inn and back in their room, John encouraged Sherlock to take a seat on the bed. John also sat there.
“Please, Sherlock. Anyone could have read the way you looked at that baby. You were thinking of having children, of course. You were so utterly focused on that infant that you hardly noticed me leave the table you were sitting at. You haven’t been concerned with them before. You aren’t familiar with their sounds. This is a newly awakened interest. Then, it’s not because of… responsibilities you might have gained two years ago,” Mycroft said quietly, and Sherlock did not press on the comment. “The most likely cause was that you are expecting. Am I wrong?”
With no small amount of frustration, John brought his hand to his forehead. Leave it to Sherlock to try to influence John through one of the only people he respected. “Did Sherlock put you up to this?”
“We couldn’t possibly have known about his habit. It is reassuring, though, even if I am learning more about Mycroft than I ever intended to.”
detective. Take your murder weapon, Inspector. I’ve got to take another look at the victim’s room. You’re coming along, aren’t you, Watson?
John stepped closer to Sherlock for a moment, and embraced him. “I hope you’ll feel at home here, Sherlock.”
“His Majesty was very clear on this point, sir.” Clearly unimpressed by John, the servant put little emphasis on that last word. “He is in need of an assistant who can be called upon at all times.”
WATSON
“I wish I could look at you all day,” John remarked. “I don’t just want to look at you either. I want to talk to you, be with you. I think about you so much. Whenever I sit on the throne now, I think of you.”
“I’ve always loved your voice, Sherlock.”
You know that I can take care of myself.
“I can’t tell you here, Sherlock.” Truthfully, John was not quite ready to put his unconscionable request into words, if he was truly was going to ask for something so greedy from the innocent maid who was dependent on him. “It’s not urgent. I’ll tell you later.”
Sherlock steadied himself by holding John’s hips, though his grasp was maddeningly light and shy. He leaned in closer. “Is this all right, sir?”
SHERLOCK
You hardly need hide them.
I am not displeased with how events have unfolded, however. There is something positively fascinating about the change that has come over you. You cannot live without him, you say?
Are you indeed the man I was sent for? You couldn’t possibly know that. I just shook your hand, after all!
MYCROFT
I do, indeed.
“It’s incredible, John! I’m tempted to hoist your laptop and give it a firm embrace, but an upstanding chap doesn’t like to jostle a friend’s piece of technology. I say, you’ve illuminated everything for me! I didn’t see until now. This is how I feel about Jeeves. I’m smitten with my PA!”
LESTRADE
“Don’t give up yet, Bertie.”
John felt a sudden, fierce delight to be alone with his servant, but he tried to calm himself. Acting casually, as a self-possessed king ought to, he calmly took a seat on a chair. “It looks like I have another reason to keep you around, Sherlock,” he said. “I’ll have my own personal musician, now.”
“Silence, please. Obviously you haven’t. Do you know, very generally speaking, what men and women may do together in the bedroom if they wish?”
SHERLOCK
Holmes…?
Oh, then you
“I want to,” King John declared, “if it would bring that look of awe to your face, again.”
Sherlock quietly replied, “Of course not, sir.”
We have talked enough about this, I think.
Lestrade chuckled. “The point is, your brother’s a good man. He’s changed for the better, just like you. Don’t assume the worst.”
“Be nice,” Lestrade said. “He feels terrible about doing it, you know—wearing that stuff, I mean. He kept me from finding out about it for the longest time. Doesn’t even know why he does it. But there’s nothing wrong with it.”
“That’s my blog, actually.”
“Then what I am going to tell you is actually rather simple. Two males, if they so choose…” Mycroft cleared his throat. “They can do something similar.”
Looking back on that time, John saw clearly that he hadn’t wanted to leave Sherlock. He’d kept Sherlock close to him by offering the servant a place in the convoy, and it had seemed to be to Sherlock’s benefit too, since the servant could travel and find a place for himself in this land. The king felt happier than he had in a long time, being able to give Sherlock the freedom he desired to explore. Enjoying Sherlock’s company and admiring the servant’s eager curiosity about the world had been the king’s only intention.
“Ah, look at that, her parents are so interested in her.”
Yes, Watson, it seems our thoughts are quite aligned on this matter! If you permit me, I will take it upon myself to acquire a disguise for you.
John never wanted Sherlock to be frightened. He gave his servant a steady, reassuring look, and gave Sherlock’s pert little rump a tender squeeze.
Fortitude and self-control were not among Sherlock’s strong points. He whimpered with need when John pushed a third finger into him. “I’m ready, John, take me now!”
Sherlock shyly smiled. “If ever I doubted that I was a god,” he whispered, “I would only need to look at you, when you look at me like that, to be reassured.”
Just as John had said, there was the feeling that what they had just done was meaningful. John felt it, and he was certain that Sherlock, who breathed more evenly and tipped his head back, his mouth open in bliss, felt it also.
For John, Sherlock did nothing less than make the world new again.
At that moment, William entered into the room. “John! I see you haven’t changed your wardrobe,” he scoffed. “Did not hear my order? If you are to be of any use to me, you must know your place. You are my servant, you are… what are you holding?”
“I thought I had cured you of that irksome habit,” Sherlock muttered. “However reflective of poor taste it may be, my name is Sherlock, and you may call me as such.”
King John turned his attention back to Sherlock, and eyed him for a long moment, which made the servant feel self-conscious, though nevertheless, he could not bring himself to say anything. “Oh, Sherlock,” the king murmured. “You look so nervous. You really don’t have to steer the horse. Come here.”
A part of Sherlock found it entertaining that Mycroft had come so close to, but had not quite reached, the right conclusion. The rest of Sherlock was terrified of letting his secret known, of having all his plans unravelled.
For a moment William was silent, but he did not move away. “My sweet, loyal John,” he murmured.
SHERLOCK
He had tried many things to reinvigorate his existence. He’d been all over the land, and participated in hunts, and parties, and tournaments, but neither the grand gatherings he joined, nor the illustrious people he met, instilled in him the joy and excitement he wanted. He was disappointed time and again, and his caravan became a place for sulking and sour moods. However, that last tournament, one that had tested the abilities of many brave warriors and knights, was different.
Obediently, Sherlock descended the tree, though he was hesitant at first. Again, he asked, “You will catch me if I fall?”
I met Sherlock Holmes three years ago, on a cold December afternoon. It was to be the start of a rewarding and enduring friendship—but if you had seen us then, at our first meeting, you would never have known it!
Fine, I will calmly tell you that I have uncovered your plan to torment me. You cleverly selected Doctor Watson as someone I would come to reply upon. Now I find myself thinking that I cannot live without him. Why did you want to destroy my independence?
LESTRADE
“Thank God,” John murmured, and at least he could give in to that flaring passion in him for Sherlock. He lifted Sherlock’s tunic and pulled down his servant’s breeches, enjoying how Sherlock’s breaths became shorter from excitement.
“Good, Sherlock.” John continued to caress his servant. He would always make sure that Sherlock was cared for and protected.
“M-Me?” John stammered. Though his gaze fell down, he could not hide the creeping blush on his cheeks from Sherlock.
“Are you Jeeves?” I asked.
“It often is,” Bertie said with approval. “Could you conjure a splash of tea for John, Jeeves?”
I do not know, Sherlock. Perhaps in much the same way someone could be nervous about speaking to an amiable, unassuming doctor?
At least his work was done for the day. Now he could return to John, or see his brother, or visit his priest. He certainly did have a few questions for Father Lestrade. In any case, Sherlock was hopeful, a feeling he was feeling alarmingly often as of late. How strange it was to consider that they were all becoming so close.
Over time, he had spent more and more time alone with John, and had permitted himself to speak more casually with the priest. He had learned that John liked to write about Sherlock’s ceremonies, that the healer sometimes left the city to see to the health of soldiers, in the army, and that John was as curious about the pharaoh’s life as Sherlock was about John’s.
“Really?”
SHERLOCK
“My name is Reginald.”
LESTRADE
Glad to be of service, John nodded, and quickly found a sword and sheath. Less than three years had passed since the end of the war, and the weight still felt familiar on his hip. He fancied that the weapon complemented his new clothes.
“Don’t listen to them, Sherlock. They don’t know anything about me. Why did they think all that would happen so soon, anyway?”
With a frustrated sigh, Sherlock shook his head again. These distracting thoughts were not helping him finish his task any faster. Trying very hard to concentrate on his duty, he oiled the sword that he was holding, which would keep the blade in good condition.
“Actually, I’ve suggested your name to King Holloway, since you fit what he was looking for so well, and I explained that your family is going through hard times right now. He made an offer that you have to hear.”
For a time, the king held his servant, as they recovered their breath. Undoubtedly the king was not so astonished by what they had done, but Sherlock was so thoroughly overcome that he wondered if he would ever recover.
“But it’s what you want, and besides, if I give you a child, I’ll always be connected to you, in at least that way.”
LESTRADE
“That’s your car?” I asked, astounded.
Soon, the king started removing his own shirt. Though Sherlock was feverishly eager to see more, he also wanted to hear more. His master’s voice was so striking and reassuring. At last, he concentrated long enough to say something coherent.
Sherlock glared in all seriousness, and then burst out laughing. “Haha! You and Lestrade!”
“Lovers can do many things together,” the king responded. “I did not want to overwhelm you with anything more… complex. But please, rest assured that I enjoyed this very much.”
SHERLOCK
John felt the blue scarf against his cheek. “You have to be the perfect lord who puts his country first?”
Of course, Holmes.
Sherlock did not want to cause John distress, but he had to find out what the matter was. “The name I was given was William Holloway, and it’s what the people call me. What I choose to call myself is Sherlock Holmes, and you are one of the few who may call me that. Would you please exercise your right?” He reached to touch John’s shoulder. John did not push him away. “You may give me any title you wish, but right now, can you call me Sherlock?”
Sherlock stood up from the bed, and respectfully knelt in front of John. This initiative was so shocking that John stopped stroking himself.
I put a bit more up on the blog about Sherlock and I dating, but it wasn’t a big deal. Our friends were mostly happy for us, and I didn’t care about whoever wasn’t.
“Sir?” John asked. Physically, he felt relaxed, but something was missing when William was not with him.
Sherlock followed the king’s attention upward. The sky was not yet full of stars, but there were enough to admire. To Sherlock, those distant lights seemed to glitter more when the king was looking at them. “Yes, sir,” the servant answered.
SHERLOCK
You would do that? You need not bother on my account. It is late, and your colleagues have already gone home. No doubt you wish to do the same.
I didn’t mean to insult you. The vast majority of people do not take the time to notice what is right under their noses.
“A-Absolutely,” the servant stammered.
“What do you mean by that, sir? You are not a harsh man.”
That meant so much to John, who was terrified of imposing on his master this way. He was afraid of what William would think when he felt himself grow wet, but his kind master touch lingered there, and John could only tremble and clutch the sheets beneath him.
“Good with me.” Father Lestrade stood up from his chair. “I hope this taught you a valuable lesson.”
When Sherlock had stopped humming, the king spoke up. “I think I’ve shown you all the points of interest. Oh, I don’t know if you would be interested, but the monks keep bees out back.”
Calm down. He’s probably looking for me. Watson could have found your address in my things. He must have told Lestrade where I went.
It was nice to meet you, Doctor. Good day.
“Oh. Well, all right. Help me with my boots.”
The king would never be content with his lot, it seemed, if he was to be unhappy with or without his power. All that made him happy was John.
Understanding hit Sherlock all at once. “Oh my God!” Sherlock cried, making Mycroft drive his hand to his own face in annoyance. “Isn’t that painful?”
“Oh, sir,” Sherlock murmured. All too quickly, he was sitting at John’s side on the bed. “Tell me what’s wrong, please.”
King William had been occupied with work all yesterday, John recalled. He had no way of knowing when His Highness had gone to bed. The man may not take kindly to being roused from a well-deserved slumber. Or perhaps he expected to be woken on time and would be angry that John had shirked his first responsibility?
“How could you know that?”
“We are not on terms of that nature, Dr. Watson.”
If this was such a taboo act, then that explained why King William had never heard of it. It was spectacular to know he was doing something utterly forbidden with his beloved. He saw that he had done too much, that John was straining not to relieve himself now. Affectionately, Sherlock reached around John with his free hand, and stroked him.
With the violin held under his arm, Sherlock learned from the craftsman how to take care of the instrument. What he learned left him adorably embarrassed, as apparently he had never correctly prepared or cleaned the violin he had once borrowed. He was also instructed on the use of rosin, which was the sticky material that allowed the bow of the violin to produce sound against the strings, and stashed some into his satchel. Again, not knowing about rosin caused Sherlock some embarrassment, but John only thought this endearing.
There was another, more unfortunate difference between the king and their surroundings. While the flowers seemed vibrant and happy, the king was clearly distressed. His eyes were shut, as if in concentration, and his arms were tightly crossed.
As they walked down the road, a grassy field appeared on the right. It was wild land, with no fences around it.
“Oh, yes, John, keep going, John, harder!”
“Sir…” Sherlock said the word with reverence. He watched his master bring himself off. To him, there was not a more fascinating subject in the world.
Suddenly John went silent, obviously trying to keep himself quiet. But Sherlock wanted to hear of all that John felt.
SHERLOCK
You care about him?
With this in mind, John carefully began discussing his plan with his advisors.
John nodded. He left the room, immediately doing as the king asked him.
“That’s not true. He didn’t fight in the war like you did, I know, but he worked day and night to put that conflict to an end. Granted, he never liked the meetings, and he’s more than a little relieved that he doesn’t have to make any speeches anymore, but he manages this country behind the scenes pretty well, don’t you think?”
Outside of King William’s quarters, the nobleman continued to carry himself with royal aplomb, and walked with authority before his servant. William saw to his duties and the administration of the castle, followed wherever he went by John, who never had to be asked. Things were much the same as when John had first begun his work.
Sherlock spent some more time sniffing different specimens, and John found a bare spot of stone wall that struck him with inspiration. He stepped in front of it, and got to work.
King John groaned. “Oh, I couldn’t ever let you go. I’d sooner strike a man down than let him have you.”
Their journey was almost over, on their path through the forest as well as on their travels to John’s castle. Yet somehow, it didn’t feel to John like anything was ending. In fact, when the two of them spotted the campfires of their convoy, and made their way to the royal caravan that had conveyed them so far and brought them so close together, the king had just the opposite impression.
Irritated with himself for letting his feelings deter him from being the perfect servant for the king, Sherlock continued removing the boots as he answered. “Yes, sir?”
“You’re so good, Sherlock. I love you, I love you…”
Mycroft leaned back, crossing his arms in confusion. “I’m not as familiar as I could be with colloquialisms, Sherlock, but I do not think you’re using that metaphor correctly.”
“What is that?”
No, not forbidden, Holmes. I want to share everything with you, if you will let me.
Returning the blade to Sherlock, the king looked at Sherlock expectantly. It occurred to the servant that he hadn’t answered the king’s first question.
Sherlock was delighted that he was able to read some of these books. It was true that he did not know every single word, but he generally understood their meaning, especially with the aid of the illustrations.
“It is required of the lord of the country to lawfully sire a child, lest the land be plunged into chaos after my death.” William plunged his fork into his food more forcefully than necessary. “It would be impossible for me to offer my devotion to someone outside of my station who could not give me children.”
King John had assured Sherlock’s comfort and safety in the modest room that he was sharing with another servant, but it could not compare to any room that was occupied by the king. Sherlock needed to return to King John. Slowly but surely, his courage had returned, or perhaps what he did have seemed enough when his loneliness had become so intense. It was painful to be apart from his master.
William was looking away, at the bed where John had slept, lost in thought.
Again, Sherlock gave him a shy nod.
“I won’t tell anyone, Sherlock.” Mycroft waited with compassion, holding onto his mug patiently. In this place, in these clothes, Mycroft had all the freedom that Sherlock had to act as he felt and to say as he meant.
John watched Sherlock spin the handle of the cider press, which operated like a drill to slowly push a flat surface into the barrel. Sherlock started slowly at first, which was to be expected. He was a gentle individual, who only wished to learn about the world, not to damage it.
Holmes? Is that you?
“Did it make you feel good?”
“How can you…?”
Not at all. I am sorry. I am encumbered with something that is refusing to leave my mind.
Once a corking time had been had, and we had said goodbye to our new friends, Jeeves took my hand.
“Oh, um.” Sherlock hadn’t meant to hum, and certainly not to share this silly thought with the king, but for better or worse, King John seemed to be interested in his thoughts. “I was only thinking that I should like to live as a horse.”
Sherlock’s thankfulness grew larger in his breast as he collapsed onto the bed with John, who held onto him and breathed with him as they both came down from the euphoria they had shared.
“This is a forgotten, secret place,” John mused, “and we have it all to ourselves. Would you call me John, at least while we’re here?”
What?
It was thanks to the distracting situation, or to the king’s mercy, that King John disregarded Sherlock’s lack of suitable respect. Whatever the reason was, Sherlock was extremely grateful that the king overlooked this error and continued to thrust with all the passion of his nature.
The king said this with a casual air, but such a thing was astonishing to Sherlock. He pictured the grand king driving chariots with armoured horses into the fray of battle.
Sherlock loved how considerate John was for him; well, usually he did. At the moment, he could only think of how much he needed John. “I’ve
No, he simply needs rest. In fact, I am afraid our talking will wake him.
Have I done something untoward? You told me you would instruct me on dance.
I am sorry, I don’t believe we have met. I am Doctor Watson.
SHERLOCK
“I missed this,” Sherlock mumbled. He did not know if it was the right thing to say, but it was true.
“You care far too much for my wishes.”
I see.
“Y-You,” John gasped, “you like this?”
The book was solemnly set aside for good. Mycroft was looking at his brother in astonishment. “I think, Sherlock, that will do it.”
Already, Sherlock was breathing faster than before. “You do think I’m beautiful?”
John gasped when Sherlock started to nibble a little bit. “Any way, m’lord, any way you’re willing to touch me…”
“Ah, yes, sir,” John said humbly, turning his gaze to the tunic he was hanging on the line. “I can save you the trouble, and tell him what you want him to do?”
“That’s an adorable baby,” Mycroft said to the woman politely.
“You haven’t stayed in the same caravan as myself, yet. I do get upset, sometimes. I try not to, but… You might think I’m no good to be around.”
“Oh, I’m sorry,” Sherlock whispered, trying to hide himself with the blanket.
MYCROFT
The king’s hands came to rest on Sherlock’s hips, keeping him in place. John loved to see and feel his servant writhing in pleasure under him. If John’s mouth had not been busy providing Sherlock with that feeling, the king would have told Sherlock how beautiful he was, and admired how the praise brightened Sherlock’s face.
“Since you’re working nights now, I figured I should stay up to see you. I’m supposed to pass on a job offer to you.”
When the food was ready, we all returned to the table in good spirits, Sherlock and Jeeves making amends over their rocky start, each voicing their respect for the other’s wit and acumen. They spoke to each other about some of the more intricate problems that had been engaging their minds as of late. I didn’t follow much of it, but through it all, John and I shared many of the happiest glances I’ve ever had the privilege of sharing with anyone. It just shows that you can never tell how these things will work out, but they’ll work out.
Watson…
It didn’t seem to me like what I’d typed up lived up to what Bertie said, but at least he’d got something out of it. There was no reason to keep it up any longer. With a sigh, I deleted the draft.
Following his master’s direction, John lied down, but he did not feel tired. It was too engrossing to think about William. Did he truly want to share that large bed with his servant? Did his servant mean anything to him?
SHERLOCK
Sherlock was struck with a desire to keep watching, and at the same time, a desperate urge to help his dear John. “My love…”
SHERLOCK
Sitting on the sofa, Sherlock eyed his reflection in the mirror he held in his hand. He was brushing his unruly hair, which he could never manage to tame. The dark curls seemed to rebel at any effort Sherlock made to make himself debonair. His hair was always too long, too curly, and simply too unrefined, as the servant himself was.
“Huh?” It was amazing to see that John was dazed so quickly, from only a kiss on his ankle. “Oh! You didn’t need to do that.”
Jeeves and Bertie had probably forgotten I was there, though they didn’t seem upset to see that I was there.
“I do love you, Sherlock.” John knew it was a foolish thing to admit, but he couldn’t keep it secret any longer, not when he longed to give all his love to his servant. Giving in to all his feelings, John treated Sherlock with firmer strokes.
Too soon, in John’s opinion, they pulled apart. After a brief pause to appreciate being so close to his servant, John reluctantly led Sherlock out of the room, so that they might catch up with the tour.
I could hear the scepticism in your hesitation, Lestrade.
“No, sir. If you truly do want me, even if I can’t give you a baby, then will you give me your seed if I ask for it?” A half-hearted chuckle came from Sherlock. “Let me at least pretend that I can serve you as I should, please? It’s nice if only to imagine giving you an heir. And anyway, I really do want to do it for you.”
The bloke was still smiling. He seemed earnest enough. I decided to give him a chance.
I don’t know what game you’re playing with me, Holmes, but it isn’t very funny. That man feeling anything for me above mere tolerance is impossible. If you are my friend, you’ll stop mocking me, and you’ll let nobody else hear of this,
Showing you the steps is one thing, Mr. Holmes, but…
Sherlock doubted this. “Of the thousands of people who were present,” he said, “I doubt that you would have picked me out.”
Sherlock was almost certain that King John possessed a natural aptitude for controlling the horse that could not be taught, but he didn’t see the harm in trying. “Yes, that might help.”
Mycroft looked up at Sherlock, putting his book down slowly.
“Yes, absolutely. No proper priest could be without a cross.”
This felt even more wrong, because Sherlock was so close. The gesture couldn’t have been intended to be an intimate one, but John’s inappropriate feelings rose to the surface regardless. “You, um, what are you…?”
“Y-Yes, sir.” The servant was always eager to serve his master. “This caravan is yours to do with, as I am, sir.”
Wearing a well-made traveling cloak, William was clearly a nobleman, but one could not tell any more than that. Nevertheless, John was careful to look out for any undesirable characters, though it was a bright day and most people they saw were busy working or playing in their fields.
John’s body and soul were suddenly overcome with a terrible fantasy.
That small touch was sufficient to make the servant shudder. “John,” he gasped. “What would you like? I’ll do anything for you.”
“You’re trembling.”
I smiled at the compliment, and then exclaimed, “Oh, I just remembered! You play the violin, don’t you? If only we had one here, would could make this a proper show.”
Sherlock gasped, and shuddered when his master kissed him on the neck. He loved the coarse feeling of King John’s stubble abrading his skin.
John was happy if he seemed like a chivalrous knight to his servant—even if he wouldn’t have described himself precisely that way. He dropped the trowel into his pocket. “That’s good of you to say.”
“Did it make you want a bit of attention, yourself?”
“But when it comes, it will be for eternity. Besides, preparations for my afterlife are to begin soon.” It was common knowledge that arrangements for the king’s afterlife had to be started long before the king’s death. Tombs needed to be excavated, the sarcophagus had to be built, and a number of other considerations had to be dealt with.
“You asked for so little in the letter, though it was so clear how much you desired. It means the world to me.” He kissed John on the lips, taking his time despite the heat building in his abdomen. “What do you desire now, John?”
Oh, be quiet, Sherlock!
But his kind John was too modest to begin on his own, that much was clear. “Are you sure?”
“It was so easy, Sherlock, to see how tense you were with excitement. You were living in the moment as no one else around you was. You saw every movement, didn’t you? Tell me, Sherlock. Did you see everything? Every little detail of how I swung the lance, for instance?”
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world, sir. I rarely have the chance to see something so exciting.”
“You’ll tell me how I’m doing, right? There’s so much I don’t know.”
When did you become so attached to this man?
I met Sherlock Holmes three years ago, on a cold December afternoon…
“Tonight, Sherlock.” John stepped back from Sherlock at last, knowing that he could not resist the allure of his servant for much longer if he continued to touch him. “Oh, I want you to be mine. I want you to know how desired and cherished you are.”
“Thank you, sir.” Sherlock smiled. His soft, pink lips always curved in such a cute way when he smiled. He licked his lips, tasting the remnants of cider, inadvertently enflaming the awful passion within the king.
The back of one of the king’s hands inadvertently met the crotch of Sherlock’s gown, causing the servant to whimper mindlessly.
“John,” he murmured.
“I am certain there is an avenue that you missed. An apothecary’s apprentice with the skills of a former soldier has a great deal to offer.” Sherlock wrapped his scarf tightly about himself. “For now, I know that it is nearly time for you to leave. Think on it, John.”
“I wouldn’t say that, sir. But I do find it interesting.” Perhaps Sherlock liked the soft feeling of the painting? That would make sense. John knew very well that Sherlock was soft in many ways.
Sherlock blushed. “I hope so, sir.”
“I will need to attend ceremonies, to make important decisions, to settle disputes.”
Among the deeply pleasurable feelings that Sherlock felt, there was a certain sadness. If all he could do was lie back and let the king use the servant’s hands for himself, then Sherlock was certain that he was not worthy to look at the king.
John stroked the sides of Sherlock’s face, loving the little sounds that came from Sherlock. A deep, almost primal delight filled John at the thought that these noises were for him. “Actually, I would like something, Sherlock, if you wouldn’t mind.”
“Goodbye, sir.”
“You really won’t give us your first name?”
Sherlock nodded in agreement, smiling. “I know, John.”
Before he left, Sherlock shrugged his shoulders, and said simply, “You must have mentioned it at some time.” Once he left, the grand doors thudded loudly behind him, letting only a glimpse of the setting sun through for an instant.
Montgomery’s eyes narrowed at John. “You let someone in here, Lestrade?”
MYCROFT
A charming theory, but as it happens, a false one.
Shaking his head, Sherlock muttered, “I won’t go through with the arrangements, John. There will be no scroll. Then I won’t make it to paradise. I’ll be eaten by some demon instead before I reach the hall of judgment, or I’ll make it there and be judged unworthy, and
“What!” John pulled back, gaping in astonishment. “Are you joking?”
As if he had just remembered where he was, King William blinked at John, then looked away. “Never mind.”
I couldn't help but ponder with joy what John would have to tell me when I helped him with his next post, and what I would have to share for myself, when he helped me with mine—we are two bloggers, come what may!
SHERLOCK
“A brewery,” King John said aloud, as if noting the fact to himself.
For many reasons, Sherlock was frightened. No matter how curious he was about the world around him, he was scared of all that he did not know, and he was terrified of his own bizarre, powerful feelings when he was around this man. It did not seem appropriate to mention the latter, though. “I’m sorry, sir. I will try to be brave.”
"And what did she mean by that?" he asked, annoyed. He could just imagine Molly stammering out such a pathetic truth, while actively strapping Sherlock
“You should let me help you,” Sherlock ordered. John sighed and shook his head, trying to keep his eyes away from the florescent light on the ceiling
something so benign, but he didn't.
hospital wrapped in head bandages. That made the hearing loss almost undoubtedly noise or injury induced, though it was impossible to speculate on which
no idea how long it'd last. He breathed slowly, forcing his heart to calm as he refocused on the problem before him. Moriarty was being released within the
med kit closed.
John stepped off the foot boards and started toward the wheel dogs to unhitch them first, giving them each a pat and praise as he went. Gladstone stayed by
~~//~~
His stomach rolled. His head was summarily slammed into the brick again but he'd gotten the gun into his hand. He lifted it up and saw his hand wobbling
"A private in Her Magesties' household guard. Forty enlisted men and officers. Thinks he's being stalked," Sherlock listed quickly, suddenly brushing off
staring into space, muttering to himself, looking like some kind of disturbing broken doll. John Watson was very likely dead, killed by blood loss,
left over from the night before. It'd frozen into a heavy block, the grease risen to the top and prickly with ice.
“Hey, Greg,” he grunted, keeping moving as his vision started to narrow. The last thing he wanted was to collapse now and make a bigger spectacle of
God. He hated dealing with people; they were worse than old webpages.
“Smallish case, going by the spread. Case that size, woman this clothes-conscious, could only be an overnight bag so we know she was staying one night. Now where is it, what have you done with it?” he crouched by the body as he asked, pretending to inspect something on Jennifer's corpse.
Sherlock's eyes widened, darting over his face. John stepped back, disgusted with himself. Surely, he hadn't run only to be chased. Of all things, why
both need them, if not living alone. Subtle. But John was staying. Or thinking about staying. Thinking about being around enough to need mugs.
" he hissed in John's face.
"We should buy more mugs," he blurted.
“Arn't you going to put one on?” John asked, pulling on his suit. Neither the cop nor Moriarty answered. Right.
"This is one of my favorites. Oh, it's so exciting," the man gloated.
The sound of footsteps and then the door opening catches his attention. At this moment, John makes a decision. He is not going to do anything they will tell him. He will not try to get back into good health. Here, in this hospital bed, with a second bullet wound and with no chance to find happiness anymore, John Watson resolves to give up.
“I don’t think you are arguing for your case, Dr. Watson.” Sherlock says and if he wouldn’t know better, John would think this was flirting. But it isn’t, and he has to remind himself of that fact again and again.
To his own shame, Sherlock felt like giving up, already. He forced himself to look at John, finding that the sadness had drained from the doctor’s face. Instead, there was an anger Sherlock hadn’t expected.
“I’ll be there when you do,” John whispers, his fingers tracing along the line of Sherlock’s jaw, feeling the freshly shaved skin. He knows Sherlock knows what he has been thinking. Sherlock met him when he was at his lowest, and he must have seen from the moment he entered this hospital room that John was worse, now, both physically and mentally.Surely Sherlock had seen in him that he had given up.
He spotted the letter in John’s hand. Fine, red letters on the front. The seal had been broken. And John was angry. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, squaring his shoulders. Anger he could deal with.
John unwraps the book for me, and I reach out to skim through the pages. “Neither am I.” I say, agreeing. “Mein Deutsch ist nicht besonders gut.“
“Yes, I do.” My voice sounds strange in my ears, and I fix my gaze on John, on my husband, who is crying, now. My husband, those words echo inside me. I refrain from asking him if they are happy tears because, as much as I like our bickering, I am close to tears myself. My hands tremble but I manage to get the silver band onto John’s ring finger, bringing it to my lips and pressing a kiss where metal meets skin.
I was wrong about his suit. He isn’t wearing black, or a blue shirt. Instead, his suit is charcoal and his shirt has the same burgundy colour as mine. It brings out his broad shoulders and sturdy legs perfectly and does wonders for his hips.
“God, Sherlock. Sorry, I was so focused on… I didn’t even think… what it would mean. God, Sherlock.”
“Booooring.” Rosie shakes her head. “We do that all the time.”
“That’s not…”
The rest is sort of a blur as if what she says has nothing to do with me, one of the protagonists of this entire event. I can only tear away my gaze from John for a moment when she addresses me, and I realise my moment to repeat after her has arrived. Those famous words that had no meaning for me only a few years ago before I met John now mean the world to me.
“And then you kissed him?”
Drugs are no option either, not if I want to keep John and I want that more than anything. Now my brain is overwhelmed by the lack of input. I want to tear my skin off to look at the veins underneath, tracking them, looking at them under my microscope.
He’s so very fond of them and John is so very fond of this brilliant, clever, soft man. He loves those small smiles and how frequent they have become. The detective seems so calm, almost even-tempered and happy, with at least one fur ball present whenever his mood might switch to bored or aggravated.
I nod. “Ash.” I say, and he accepts that nothing follows that, just switches on the TV after a while.
Papa looks at her, and he smiles, he has a beautiful smile, and Daddy says it can light up an entire room. That’s weird, because Papa hasn’t swallowed a light bulb or anything, but Rosie still likes it.
“He?” Sherlock looked at John, confused.
(See the end of the chapter for
The doctor’s eyes stray away from Graham for a moment to take in the living room, cramped and cosy as it has always been, the sliding door to the kitchen standing open. Soon he will have to switch on the lights, but in this moment the dust is still dancing in the last rays of sunshine. It’s quiet, except for the noises coming from the street- cars and chatter, and those an old house usually makes- the wind making the blinds in front of the windows rattle. His eyes find Sherlock curled up on the sofa and making soft huffing noises as he sleeps.
“So, Mykie for the orange kitten. That leaves grey and tuxedo.” John looks at the kitten, currently busy licking his belly, leg sticking up into the air, and that must be the most ridiculous thing John has ever seen.
When he returns, Sherlock is sitting at the desk, hair ruffled and legs tucked to his chest, staring at John’s computer screen. John freezes. The document with his list is still open and clearly, the detective has seen it.
, Sherlock thinks, relieved. Yes, this situation might still be dangerous – people are protective of what little they own – but there is nothing in the man’s features, from what little he can see in the dimmed light coming from the streetlamp outside, that suggests he came here to harm or kill him.
It is simple in the end. The particles are tobacco ash, and the victim’s boss is the only one who smokes a pipe. Even Lestrade and his team of idiots can see the evidence in that. I text him, tell him to confiscate the pipe and let Anderson do a comparison.
And when we return that night, old men into that new home, we are both filled with that want for a future, for a forever, together.
“Why is Papa’s day today?”
“Well, I have to at least make you believe that a few times a year.” Sherlock grins back.
He wants to yell.
Instead, he allows himself another look, then goes to put on the kettle before he goes to use the loo, when he notices stacks of cat food on the worktop, next to bottles of milk. John checks his watch. Half past eight. He’s sure Sherlock hasn’t left the flat yet, not that Sherlock would care about going out in pyjamas. But this has Mycroft written all over it, and John lifts a hand to wave at the cupboard over the sink, the place he’s convinced the elder Holmes has hidden at least one of his cameras.
Last 3 Chapters might take a while, because my beta reader has a life :P
It looked as if its owner would come back at any moment, the first blooms of spring sprouting and the flower beds prepared for planting. That wouldn’t happen yet. Still, it was better than the house right now, and John led Sherlock around while Rosie continued exploring everything.
As they step outside, she can already spot her Papa on the sidewalk, casting a dark shadow against the light stone of the house opposite. He looks cool, Rosie thinks, cooler than other fathers. She likes it when Papa picks her up because Laura is a little scared of him, which is stupid but Rosie finds it funny.
Flop down on the sofa.
Let the smut begin :P
Sherlock kisses him. “I could get used to that title.” He looks around the room. “Cake first,” he decides, pulling John towards the kitchen.
“Agreed. Mykie, just to annoy him.”
John’s arms tightened around him, lips tender against his neck.
“Why?”
“Hmm?” I looked up at him and instead of an answer he pressed his lips against mine, the kiss was slow and close-mouthed.
“What, if it’s you?” John whispered into the small space between their lips, when they came up for air. He could barely take the hope in John’s dark eyes.
Watery eyes look up at Sherlock for a moment. He says something, his voice muffled behind his beard, and lifts his hand to point out the sleeping bag he is carrying.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looks up at him. “What does my costume say about me, then?”
“Nope.” John pops the p the way Sherlock usually does. “We’re not naming any of them after me.”
John wants so badly to kiss him. Instead, he straightens and clears his throat, looking straight ahead. “I love no one more than my captain and the sea,” he says, voice all calm, before he jumps. For a moment, he imagines falling, imagines the thundering sound of the ocean below. Instead, he hits the carpet before he can even blink.
„Rosie, do you want to come to play after school?” Emma asks as she puts her coat on. It’s very pretty, green with a red flower on every pocket.
“A book.” He grins, drops a kiss to the top of my head. I love those. They make up for his horrid sense of humour. “It’s about a cold case. Nineteen-twenties, an entire family murdered in Bavaria, Germany. Not even trying to pronounce the name of the village.”
“It is not some sentimental, tragic story,” Sherlock starts, “where I spend my holidays at my grandmother’s, with Halloween being the only memory I still have of her. I just always liked dressing up. And you know my obsession with pirates, apparently.”He can feel the smile against his head. “I like that Halloween is macabre, that for one day, people actually like blood and gore the way I do.”
“Fuck,” John rasps, and it takes all his strength to punch his fist against the side of the bed. It is satisfying to feel the pain, to hear the noise. Tears sting in his eyes from how his heart hurts, knowing that his useless existence has to continue. He feels weak and lonely and he hates it, hates himself.
*Mein Deutsch ist nicht besonders gut= my German is not that good
Also, I have Twitter now @StrangeJohnlock. Come say hi😊
“Oh yes, I like that. Mykie, Graham and Hudders.”
“You’re welcome, love. Just wanted to make today good for you after last year’s disaster.” John wraps his arm loosely around Sherlock’s middle, stroking up and down his back. “I’ve never really asked why you love Halloween so much.”
“There is a big T and a small t.” Rosie continues, and Papa nods, as they walk towards one of the cars. It’s probably Uncle My’s, he always sends cars.
None of those words come, his mind too busy still to comprehend, to process his emotions, and the simple fact that Sherlock is intertwining their fingers renders his brain useless.
Finally, she crosses the road and flings herself at him.
And then, they couldn’t push it away any longer. Sitting on the sofa, thighs pressed together, they opened their envelopes.
What are upload schedules? :DDD
“They are being very rude lately.”
“Cuddle death.”
This is ridiculous, and John is ridiculously happy and so in love with Sherlock Holmes. So much so that it often seems too much to bear.
This means a lot, not only sends a message to them but to me.
“Good thing I bought some today. Let me get a bowl ready. They can eat from a bowl, can they?”
“He’s very good at taking care of strays.” Sherlock leans over the box. “He’ll make sure you will eat enough. I do forget, sometimes, but he takes care of me.”
“Good. I learned the T today. Like tiger, or tea.”
“You can certainly try, Master Boatswain.” Sherlock’s voice is darker than usual, as he reaches for the rapier on his hip. John reacts immediately, too much a soldier to not take part in this game. How did he not think to get himself a weapon too? Grabbing what is closest, John holds out their kitchen broom.
22/2/2020  :P
They would deserve that, getting the Captain Watson treatment, and I would feel better after it, if a little embarrassed about having him fight my fights- aren’t human emotions silly?
“Ah,” I say, trying to hide how pleased I secretly pleased I am by any attempt of humour.
The preparations continue – light candles, start the music, get the cake out of the fridge. John hurries, always listening for the sounds coming from the bathroom. The shower starts and stops, and he can hear wet feet on the tiles.
“I didn’t. I don’t,” The anger burned in John’s eyes, but it calmed his features into a mask, hiding the tempest storming below. The quiet danger of John Watson. How Sherlock loved it. How he loved him.
Eurydice meant John Watson was hurt, dying or dead.
“Very clever. The words of a true dictator.”
“I’m sorry that I don’t have time to explain, John. I need to go. I should not have come. But I needed to make sure you were… ” He clears his throat. “Make sure you are alright.” There is so much pain in his voice, a pain that seems comparable to John’s.
Here, hidden away from the usual strollers lay a small paradise.
“Can you believe it?” John glances up at me, and his cerulean eyes make the ocean seem grey and colourless. His question is unclear, and while my brain is blissfully occupied with him, I can still guess the context. Entwining his fingers with mine, I turn to look back at our house, less than two hundred meters from where we are standing.
“Thank you,” Sherlock whispers, as he gets up, gently placing John’s hand against the mattress. For just a moment, his lips rest against John’s forehead, the touch so tender, John is afraid it will be gone as quickly as a bubble. But Sherlock lingers, as unwilling to leave as John is to let him go.
He had promised himself that he would never again leave Sherlock’s side, not now that he knows what losing him feels like, how it has torn him apart. John is not going to risk that, not for some silly crush.
“But why is it today?” Emma presses open the door and Rosie shrugs her shoulders. “Don’t know. I need to ask him.”
It should surprise him, that he immediately sits up and proceeds to get out of bed. He hasn’t seen Sherlock’s face in too long, and the urge to do so leads him down the stairs and into the dimly lit living room before he is even fully awake. He should worry, that this is how he feels about his mad flatmate, but the longing settled within every inch of his body so long ago that it has become a part of him, a part that he won't even try to fight anymore. He is a soldier; he knows when a battle is lost. Instead, he has decided that this simmering of longing is something he will happily live with for the rest of his life.
This was so much fun to write. I hope I can do an equally long story soon, I need the fluff :)
I consider texting Lestrade but quickly remember he is on holiday – the idiot. The other DI’s don’t let me onto their crime scenes when I am agitated like this. As bad as today is ending up in a cell will worsen my mood.
“Yep. To keep your mind occupied a bit. You can read it today, or the next time you feel like this, and I'm not there for some reason.” He turns to me as far as the busy pathway allows it, cheeks pink with the cold. “ You know, you can always call me.”
“Thank God you’re beautiful.” I turn my coat collar up against the wind that is just starting up. He chuckles at that. “I don’t even want to know how you come to such horrid conclusions. Also, it is a bit sexist to presume that only women feel the urge to procreate.”
At that thought, John notes that they should have the three of them checked up by a vet soon, just to make sure they are doing okay, they look better already after a night in the warm flat.
“Yeah, thanks. Still doesn’t answer my question. What do you need the milk for?”
“I doubt they would be able to handle it, if she were ever discovered. And they wouldn’t treat her well in their scientific curiosity.”
They make it home and order food and John just manages to get Sherlock to bed before the great detective falls asleep, completely exhausted.
(See the end of the chapter for
After a moment, the door opens and one after the other, the group of doctors leave, but when the door clicks shut, John knows he is not alone. The person is not making a sound, but John can sense someone is there, watching him. He slowly  opens his eyes, just as Sherlock Holmes pulls the thick-framed glasses off his face.
Btw, the chapters always come in two parts :P
“I don’t think we should … you know, we can’t keep them, don’t you?” Sherlock’s heart breaking is visible on his face, and he says “but John” the way kids say “but Mum”.
Probably not.
John does not want a repeat of that, but maybe, if they had their own party, Sherlock could have a Halloween he enjoyed. John quickens his pace to keep up with the detective but stops before he can properly open his mouth. What if he made this a surprise, planned a little get-together, costumes and all? He had never managed anything like this. Sherlock is just too attentive, notices every small change in behaviour, especially since they started dating.
Not dead.
SMA. The letters were delicate as if written by hand, printed onto the envelope in a dark red – the colour of love. Fourteen years too late, Sherlock held his letter in his hand. No mistake. It was addressed to William Sherlock Scott Holmes of 221B Baker Street, London.
John admires this man so much. Behind that mask of indifference, the self-diagnosed sociopath hides a genuine person, who loves deeply and allows himself joy most adults have not learnt to feel.
He is still lovesick, but at least the kittens are real, little balls of fur sleeping curled up against the detective and seeking his warmth. John can only see the mop of dark curls and the detective’s torso and long legs, but he knows he is asleep as well, the orange kitten resting against his bare feet, the grey one on his belly and the tuxedo cat on the arm rest close to his head.
Time dragged on, only jumping into action when John’s key clicked in the lock downstairs. They met each other by the door to the kitchen. If this were one of John’s movies, they would be on an empty beach, the wind howling around them. In the real world, it was their own home that would become the battleground where they would fight for their love.
“I don’t have wings, John?”
Lifting my hands to rest against my chin, I turned back to my calculations, roaming my mind palace. My rooms on non-sexual intimacy were quite new, still smelled of wet paint on some days, but I caught myself following the hallway deeper into the building, out into the garden and to the bee hives just behind the back door. My fascination with insects, especially bees, had started early, with the memory of helping grandpere extract the honey from the combs, watching them fly and buzz around the garden. Now, in my mind palace, I could almost feel their wings brushing against my skin.
“Up you get, darling.” He whispers. “We’re going for a walk.”
Yes, there were accidents including pee, and Mykie can get very loud when he wants food- which is always- but John would’ve thought that having cats would be way more difficult and chaotic. Maybe it’s just that he is used to a high level of chaos ever since he started living with the world’s only consulting detective.
(See the end of the chapter for
He stops in his steps where the hallway opens up to the kitchen and I hold myself back from looking up at him. I know he’s wearing that blue jumper and checked button-down shirt underneath, looking all unassuming and middle-aged. I still suspect a trick behind that, that somehow he will reveal himself to be the proverbial wolf in sheep’s clothing.
“I’ll have to pick up a few things at Tesco’s anyway.” A lie, he went there this morning, and his shopping lists are always on point. He is giving me space to work, taking away any distraction and his consideration fills me with so much love for my John, the man whom I have made believe that I was dead for two years, leading him into the arms of a woman who broke his heart further by letting him believe her daughter was his for too long. Still, he is so kind to me, so loving, and I want to drop to my knees and ask him to marry me right now. The thought is surprising, but I can’t find it in me to regret it. I will have to revisit it in future when I am not surrounded by his smell and warmth.
I should have suspected something like that. John Watson calms his own temper by walking angrily through the streets of London, does so frequently with a boyfriend like me.
For one day, he feels less of a freak, John realises and instinctively pulls him closer. It is very sentimental, but John is not going to tell Sherlock that. Instead, he makes a pact with himself to be more understanding when it comes to heads in the fridge and eyes in the kettle – or not, maybe. Those are still annoying. John leans up to kiss Sherlock’s chin, a small promise to keep defending him against the arseholes out there, those at New Scotland Yard who call him freak.
“A list.” I repeated stupidly. “Oh, you mean defining parameters of good cuddling, for example endurance, commitment….”
This could be anything, he knows, from a racoon to a couple of teenagers seeking adventure in an abandoned house. Or this could be someone who knows exactly that Sherlock has been hiding out in here and has come to end his stay.
“We need to open them, John. We can’t …”
Time is their enemy, pulling them apart. John wants to kiss him again, wants him to curl up in bed next to him, to be held until he feels better. Instead, he watches as the detective puts the glasses and coat back on and steps towards the door. “I’ll meet you at 221B Baker Street,” he says with a wink. And then he is gone.
“And that’s why we celebrate Papa’s day today?”
He is also the thing that keeps me connected to the real world. There are times, when my need for stimulation and the lack of stimuli threatens to drive me insane, something I have never been good at dealing with. Since meeting my John, I have never had a lack of things to fascinate me, and if I fall into that pit he is there to take me on a walk, or hold me, and make me tea that I won’t drink. He does that,  without it being a burden to him or dampening his smile.
The man in front of him is dead. He watched him fall off a building, desperately tried to find his pulse when he was motionless and bleeding on the tarmac in front of Barts Hospital. And for a moment, just seeing that face brings pure joy. Within a second, his joy is dampened by the realisation that this must be a dream, a cruel joke his brain is playing on him.
John quickly goes to the kitchen, getting the milk carton and three bowls to avoid sibling rivalry. He mixes the milk with water, all while listening to Sherlock, who has started talking to the kittens now. A small smile tucks at the corners of his mouth, as the detective introduces first himself, and then John.
Sherlock sleeps for fourteen hours, just stumbling out of bed at the crack of dawn to use the bathroom. He slips back under the duvet, resting his head against John’s chest. The doctor stretches, then wraps an arm around him, drawing circles against his back with one hand, until Sherlock’s breathing becomes deep and slow.
“Wait, my captain.” He gently tugs him back by his sleeve, reaching up to place the hat on his curls. John cups his face, placing a sweet kiss against cupid bow lips. “Now we can go,” he whispers, holding gaze with Sherlock’s pale eyes for a moment. He finds love, and the excitement of a new adventure, in them. His own heart beats faster at the thought of what the night will bring. Sherlock will get to be brilliant, and John will get to watch him, maybe even help a bit. They will come home in the early morning hours, and maybe the case will already be solved and John will get to finally take that costume off Sherlock piece by piece. And if not, John will get to take care of him – make him eat and sleep, at least a bit – as the detective works hard, and John loves that just as much.
“We should take them to the vet, get them checked out. They are very thin, and they might have parasites. Also, we still have to have that discussion about keeping them.”
“A list on what makes a good cuddler. Might keep you busy…” He yawned wholeheartedly. “Until I’m asleep.”
Dull. Dull. Dull.
(See the end of the chapter for
John is pulled out of his thoughts by Graham yawning and getting to his feet. The little one stretches, brushes his tongue over his right leg, before jumping to the floor. With a look at John, he walks directly to the kitchen.
John gazes at me from over his shoulder as I stand at a distance, grateful that this is not a sandy beach. The pebbles crunch under my shoes as I make my way to my husband.
A moment later, his phone vibrates and John opens the text.
John places the milk on the floor, quickly attracting the third one. Contrary to John’s expectations, they don’t immediately run at it, but instead suspiciously glare at both the humans in the room.
“Of course.” Sherlock picked Rosie off his shoulders, getting up to twirl her around, and her giggle soon turned into tears, a sign that she was getting tired. John took her from him, rocking her as they went out through the back gate and over the meadow to the line of trees. At first, they followed a path where they could easily walk next to each other. They were surrounded by the sounds of birds cheeping and the distant gurgling of the brook.
Sherlock knows he will have to leave in the morning. He is not interested in sharing a house with anyone, not in such close proximity. In his mind, he runs through all the other abandoned houses in the city he is aware of, knowing he will need somewhere to stay for at least one more week.
“Are you hungry?”
I nod and close my eyes against the sting of tears. He is so good to me, my John.
I felt a ping of guilt for not having joined him when he had gotten up from the sofa last night, I knew he slept better with me there, knew he still had nightmares, different ones then before I had let myself fall off a roof. Still, I had chosen to stay in the living room and mope.
John surprises me, for what must be the dozenth time in just a few weeks. He does nothing of what I predicted. He is angry, yes, but doesn’t act out on it in any way. Instead, his gesture is tender enough to make my cheeks redden.
It’s not too far from the glasshouse, which is located by one of the large ponds. The water glistens with the twinkling of the glass' reflection, distorting all matter in accordance with its own rules. I find that sort of wilfulness almost majestic; even if the glasshouse was made to house kings, the pond bent all to its will, regardless of stature and I find myself awed by it because I feel the same way, bent and surrendered to the inevitability of love.
With a bit of anticipation – which is very much preferable to the hurt I have felt moments ago- I wait for John to stop walking, to turn around to them slowly enough for a dramatic effect and start his lecture off with his left hand clenched into a fist and head tilted a bit. An extra bonus would be a lick lip. Oh, please, let him lick his lips.
“John,” was the only word his throat could form. Those three steps between them felt like a mile, or ten, impossible to cross.
“We have been in less appropriate situations, John.” I say, changing the slides unnecessarily.
And now they were there, in front of the small house framed by two spruce trees and fenced by a narrow stone wall. Once a farmhouse, it had been in the family for generations. The front garden was overgrown in a way that made it look cozy. Isla’s curtains were still visible through the white-framed windows. He almost expected her head of blonde curls to appear, he remembered exactly how she used to smile and hum while she cooked.
“Papa?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John wants to tell him that it's three in the morning, and that they haven’t seen each other in days, instead, he just brushes a strand of hair from his forehead.
