angel,” Dean insisted, but he started to pray to him anyway. “Cas? Castiel? You got your ears up, buddy? Get your newly feathered ass down here. The ladies wanna talk to you.”
He needed to get himself back together. Otherwise nothing would stop him from jumping Cas right here in the car, again. And how that turned out he didn’t need to imagine – another frigging wing incident. Hell, Cas’ wings were fucking awesome but he didn’t know if he could survive any further cockblocking. So, as soon as they had stopped, Dean nearly jumped out of the car.
Keeping the witch a prisoner forever wouldn’t work. Claire could bring her to the bunker and deliver her to Dean’s wrath, but whatever Claire decided, given the current circumstances, would most likely result in the witch’s death. And it wouldn’t be a fight but an execution. Claire had killed her share of monsters but she wasn’t certain if she had the guts to kill a human.
“Garden City, Kansas.
“Nothing?” Sam gestured up and down their attire, and Castiel remembered that they still were clad only in the clothes they had slept in. “You two
How was he going to survive this angel, yet alone the next few minutes, not to mention their 1000 miles back home, just the two of them? Thinking of his baby, his mind was getting back to business, providing vivid images of all the steamy dreams of Cas inside the Impala. For over a decade he had been more or less successful at shutting them down every time Cas was sitting right next to him on their endless drives. All at once, they all came crashing down on him.
“Yeah. Nearly broke me. Damn, look at me.” He brushed the tears from his face. “You turned me into a fucking sap.”
“Uh, Cas, we still should call Claire. Before ... you know, whatever.” The human looked sheepishly down to his shoes, a hint of red on his cheeks. How could Castiel ever miss these obvious signs of Dean being smitten with him? It looked very good on the other man.
Castiel was still trying to process the information himself. This was real. Dean loved him. Dean had saved him. Dean. Closing his eyes, he let the feeling of their closeness engulf him.
“The burger won’t bite you, Cas. It’s your turn to attack it with your teeth.” Dean teased.
There was the whooshing sound of wings and, all of a sudden, Cas was standing directly behind Dean. Only a few inches were keeping them apart. “Hello, Dean,” he greeted his friend, only to correct him immediately, “You are mistaken. My ass is not feathered.”
want? And how had a frigging stalker gotten hold of his e-mail address. Far too curious, though scared what he mind find, he clicked back to the recycle bin and restored the mail.
“Jack?” Dean huffed. “You barely stopped him from disappearing after Dodge City. No surprise there either.”
“I don’t understand.” He squinted at the object right in front of him.
Taking a deep breath, he got up, ready to get on with the pyre. A flap of wings, a sound he hadn’t heard in years, brought a smile to his face.
“Yes,” Cas answered while chewing on, smacking in delight. Dean couldn’t blame him. “I still can distinguish every single molecule but it seems that I have human taste too.”
“I told you, it was my mother. She had me keeping track of potential dangers, especially when it came to hunters.”
“Hey, it’s true. Now, don’t you two lovebirds have better things to do than to babysit me?”
“Don’t do that,” Dean urged. “Don’t you see? Alastair, the Mark ... Dude, I was a fucking demon.”
“So you’ll call him?” Cas inquired.
“We’re not even dressed,” Dean protested but grabbed onto the offered hand.
*****
Suddenly, his nerves caught up with him, and he stopped in his tracks. Cas took another few steps until he was held back by their still joined hands. He couldn’t do this. It was too much. Bloody hell, he was shaking. At once, all of Dad’s snarky remarks hit him, all the rejection he had been forced to experience ever since he had realised he wasn’t as straight as he had everyone let known for years and years.
After the events in Dodge City, and Jack’s almost disappearance in the aftermath, Sam understood his brother’s decision to stay with the kid in the bunker instead of accompanying him on a hunt. Some obvious hints about malicious witch activity in Finney County, Kansas had turned up during his research, and Sam wanted to investigate further. He might have assumed that Dean would take any opportunity to leave the bunker and spend time with Cas, while benching
“You made me watch the movie three times with you.”
Sam was standing there, defeated. “You died. And this time Chuck wasn’t the one to blame. You simply gave up.” Tears were running over Sammy’s face. “Damn it, Dean. You gave up.”
“So what? Since when do I care about
They both leaned in at the same time, bumping their heads together, before they managed to find an angle that worked. Still, their noses were in the way and they shifted again, until Dean’s lips brushed over Castiel’s. The kiss was sweet and chaste. Dean was smiling and Castiel knew he was too.
Geez, that was some deep shit, but fucking adorable. He felt lightheaded and a swarm of butterflies was stirring in his belly. This was so Cas and one of the many reasons why he had fallen for his fallen warrior angel who had fallen for him. “Love you, too, sunshine. So what? To infinity and beyond?” Dean grinned happily, snuggling deeper into Cas’ embrace.
And now Cas was back.
“I don’t feel any sexual attraction towards you since I don’t feel sexual attraction towards anyone. At least, I think I don’t. How does one apprehend a concept without knowing whether one understands the actual meaning of the concept?” It was a concept that was bothering him. Castiel had always thought it was because he was an angel. But even in his short and trying time as a human, more trying than he would ever admit to others, and all the frighteningly bodily cravings that came with it, sexual attraction was totally lost on him.
Cupping Dean’s face, Castiel still feared Dean would run. But, instead of fleeing, his friend closed his eyes and leaned into their connection. Castiel felt a weight lifting from his shoulders. And yet, Dean still hadn’t reacted. “I love you,” Castiel repeated.
Still, he kept on going. When he reached the door, he could hear Cas’ footsteps following behind.
When Dean returned to his room he found Cas sitting on his bed with a steaming cup of coffee in his hands and another waiting for Dean on his nightstand. Dean reached for the cup and settled down next to his angel, resting his head on Cas’ shoulder. “If I hadn’t already spilled that I love you, now would be a fitting moment to do so.”
“Since when are you that strait-laced, Sammy?” Dean wiggled his eyebrows, grinning at his brother. Great, even that movement hurt. Resigned Dean fell back against Cas. “That’s your mojo again, sunshine, floating through my system?”
“Not like this. But I can try something.” Castiel concentrated, willing his wings back to their usual plane. With a soft whoosh, they disappeared. “Better?”
Castiel could feel the tension rising in the body that was closely pressed to his own. A body ready to flee. Dean gulped, still hesitating with an answer. Suddenly, Castiel could feel tiny circles drawn on his chest. “’s okay, I guess.” Never had he heard Dean speaking with such a timid voice. It was barely a whisper.
“A barn in Pontiac, Illinois.” The human winked at Castiel. “And Mom, at our home, cooking. Sam’s first word.”
“I told you I am open to engaging in everything you want to try.”
“I might not have expected you at Ladies’ Night, but it’s good to see you,” Donna whispered in her friend’s ear.
Sam was already on his way towards the first booth, a big smile on his face. Castiel, however, hesitated. He didn’t want to leave Dean behind. It felt wrong.
“What now?”
“You are.” Cas grinned broadly. “You’re a pain in my ass.”
Castiel raised an eyebrow. “Dean, I’ve hunted on my own before.” His friend’s illogical attitude was irritating.
“Do you like what you’re seeing?” Castiel put on the jacket.
to run away once before. And now Dean had brought them back together.
Sam looked at her, astonished, talking and signing, “You could understand Jack?”
“Hello, Miracle. It’s good to meet you.” Cas petted the dog and looked at him intensely. His features turned grim and he turned to Dean, saying, “I’m sorry. I didn’t realise.”
“Hey, I’m sorry” Dean grumbled, “Jody forgot to mention I’m intruding upon your Mean Girls meeting.”
A predatory grin found its way to Castiel’s face. “Oh, I wouldn’t be too sure about that. Have you looked at yourself recently?”
The motor came to life and Castiel hoped Dean would forgive him for taking this liberty, understanding there was no other choice. And there was one other decision Castiel had already made. Driving back to the motel, he collected Dean’s belongings and checked out, heading straight back to the bunker.
Although he couldn’t see it, he imagined the frown appearing on Cas’ face. Glancing over for a short moment, he saw that he had won the bet. Cas was frowning at him, glaring at him. “I don’t understand.” Yep, head tilt – there it was.
Sully stopped for a moment and looked at Dean. “Sounds fun.”
After Dean had stuffed the last of his burger into his mouth, they drove over to meet up with Claire. She was still hidden behind a barn when Castiel and Dean arrived on foot, having left the car behind at the edge of the property.
*****
“And you’re okay with that?” Dean looked up and stared into his eyes. Castiel squeezed Dean’s hand, trying to reassure his boyfriend.
“Thought you knew.
When Dean lowered his hand to the coat, Cas opened his eyes, frowning at the lost connection. “Coat. Off,” was all Dean managed to stammer, but it conveyed his intention enough that Cas helped him shed the offending garment, followed quickly by his suit jacket. Dean threw his flannel onto the growing pile of clothes on the floor and once again grabbed the angel’s hand, guiding him towards the bed. Like the evening before, Cas lied down on his back, but this time Dean placed himself right next to him, enveloping himself within Cas’ arms and resting his head on the angel’s shoulder, his left arm slung over Cas’ waist.
The plan was finally about to begin
The walk on the beach was done with Sam, Caroline was nowhere to be found and Jack was sad because he would have liked her to see the ocean. He texted her anyway and asked her to bring him an ice cream as he had seen a stand nearby. He got a reply shortly after to say that she needed help because a group of men had accosted her and refused to let her go, he frowned and looked at Sam.
"So happy to go to the beach with Jack for 3/4 days?"
"Sam's researching as best he can on the Empty, do you think your plan is fucked?
"What's going on? Did Sam do something stupid during your conversation? "
"Don't worry about telling me exactly when and if I have anything that day then I'll cancel to make Jack happy."
"What are we gonna do until we get there?"
"Why are your eyes always purple?"
"No, it seems not, but now that I know that thanks to her you're back, I just want to go to Sammy right now and tell him to go marry her or keep her with him forever."
"What's up, Kid?"
"You're talking about privacy when I'm talking to you about trouble! You could have told us about it and you've done nothing but lie since we've met so maybe I expected a little truth from you for once! "
"Bye Dean" Sam hangs up without waiting for a response from his brother, he should have suspected that Dean already knew about his feelings for her.
Sam seemed to be quite angry with Dean because when he looked up at his brother he was giving him deathly glances.
"Not much except that you two were at each other's throats again and that she preferred to wait at the motel. You know if you stopped avoiding the subject I think you could come to a mutual agreement with a lot of interest. "
"This angel is really a stupid to the end, we would have found a solution if she had told us about it".
Lying was his greatest talent, but doing it in front of a human emotion detector right in front of him was very tempting.
"Let's play a game? "Jack asked.
"Talk to me Caroline, that's all I ask," says Sam.
Dean moved closer to his little brother and gave him a huge pat on the back.
"Of course not and then those two idiots helped us get together so we definitely owe them a helping hand. Although I feel sorry for the kid for wanting to be in the middle of all this sentimental crap."
"Where's Castiel?"
Sam was surprised and asked her where she was, he sent back a message asking for her location and she immediately replied with "Five minutes walk from the bungalow", they turned back and headed towards the angel's location. They saw her surrounded by 3 men, quite tanned and shirtless, who made her uncomfortable with the defensive posture she had taken.
"Dean you're being sarcastic, Vice Versa is the most unrealistic children's cartoon about human feelings..."
"Jerk"
"Clean up the mess in the kitchen?"
"Dean, are you sure this is going to work?" the ex-angel of the Lord asked her boyfriend, who was a little overexcited about their plan.
"What was your argument about?"
"Yes, everything's fine, I was just surprised." She squeezed her cup tightly enough and opened her eyes again.
She looked at him amused and then she couldn't hold her laughter back for long, which resounded like the song of a canary throughout the room, she calmed down.
Jack looked at Sam out of the corner of his eye who seemed disappointed and he returned Caroline's smile which wasn't very genuine, he nodded in response to the question and he left the room again claiming he had to change his shoes, the door closed slowly and Caroline stared at him for a moment. She refuses to look at Sam for any reason, he sits down on his bed suddenly tired of standing.
"Nah it's all right," Caroline said smiling at him, "we were finished, do you want to go for a walk on the beach? "
She puckered her lips and balled her hands into fists to keep him from seeing her tremble but he was a very good observer and had already noticed her trying to keep quiet to avoid any conflict between them. He took a long look and blurted out the one thing he had been thinking about the whole way here.
"I showed them to Dean for fun and to scare him. Are you ready to have some fun?"
"Mum, Dad and I have been looking for you everywhere. You said no more than five minutes and now we've been looking for you for an hour," Jack said in his worried teenage tone.
"Dean already knew about this Sam, what happened just now was different from those moments of absence or mood swings," says Cas
She thought it over and gave him her best smile after her time of reflection.
"Did Caroline say anything to you while she was on the phone with you? "
He whispered the rest of his sentence in her ear, making Castiel blush.
"No, seriously! You're not going to run away every time I try to talk to you! "
Saturday came rather quickly, Dean was in the kitchen preparing the sandwiches in the cooler and the drinks. Sam had asked him for the Impala and promised him that he would pay with his life if he arrived unhappily at Baby. It was 9.30 am, the departure would be at 10 am. Caroline arrived in the kitchen with a rather lost look on her face and took the cup of tea that Dean had prepared for her, she thanked him with a small smile. Cas was surely with Sam to put the stuff in the trunk and Jack fulfilling his role as latecomer.
"Sammy, calm down. I offered to do the same to Caroline before I knew Cas had asked you to do it."
"Yes, it's usually either one or the other, but not both at the same time and drawers flying across a room like a fucking Paranormal Activities" says Dean
She puts her phone to sleep and turns to look him in the eye, then smiles.
"What situation?"
"I can take him there if you want, I know he's already told me about it so I can do it for him".
“Hello, Dean!” Cas greeted him fondly, a broad smile covering his face.
“Breakfast and dinner. Like brunch, just later.” Dean grinned.
Castiel silently sipped his coffee. He liked the warmth of it early in the morning although he neither slept nor became tired and didn’t even need the nourishment. His fondness for his morning coffee was something that had remained after his short and trying stint as a human. Moreover, it gave him a reason to spend his early mornings in the kitchen waiting for the others to wake.
With that, Castiel stepped towards Sam, gripping him by his shoulder, and flapped his wings.
“I love you so fucking much, angel,” he mumbled through kisses before his lips wandered lower, brushing Cas’ jaw, and nibbling at his neck.
“I doubt it was that good.” Castiel frowned. “You’ve certainly had many far more advanced and experienced partners than me.”
Hope you enjoy.
The witch jumped up to her feet. So this was it. Claire had poked a sleeping bear and now it would attack and shred her. Sure, she still could shoot, but there were too many people around, not to mention the camera hidden in one of the room’s corners. She wouldn’t get far when she murdered the witch right here. Talk about following in the Winchester’s footsteps. Somehow she had to keep herself from crossing that line. Claire liked to live her life under the radar. Not to mention the trouble that would bring for Jody. What had felt like a relatively safe place when she had planned the capture had now become a trap.
Approaching the man who meant the world to him, he gently touched Dean’s face before he cautiously lifted him from the affronting piece of metal, cradling him in his arms, and sent bursts of grace through his body. Instinctively, Castiel’s wings enclosed his friend tightly when Dean started to cough as they had done numerous times before without Dean noticing. The hunter’s eyes flew open and he stared at him.
“That’s what you think? Shit.” Dean burrowed his head in his hands and took another deep breath before he looked back up. “I’m sorry.” Now it was his time to be crestfallen and he stared at Cas in horror. For once, he had to be honest with his friend. “It’s something Dad always did. He’d leave us anywhere behind to go on a hunt. I never want Sammy to have to experience that feeling again. I trust you with my life and with Sammy’s any time. You know that. You have to know that. You’re family.”
There would be a time to let grief consume him completely. But that time could not be now. Too much was at stake. After everything – if there ever were an after –, there would be a time to fall apart.
Castiel shook his head and severed their eye contact. Instead, he tried to count the lines on the floor. How could he have known?
Deciding to get into the action, Castiel brushed Dean’s hands away. Before his friend was able to complain, he took hold of the button border of the open hanging flannel and stripped it off Dean’s shoulders. Gripping the hem of the underlying T-shirt, he looked at Dean, asking silently for permission. This still felt too unreal. Passion was suddenly giving way to years of anxiety and doubts. Was this really happening?
Castiel wanted more but they were stopped far too soon when someone harrumphed behind them, startling them both. “You could have at least dressed accordingly while you waited,” Sam remarked teasingly, “Luckily for you, Jack anticipated that as well.” He handed them each a suit bag and set a mysterious box on the beach.
“I’m sorry.” Each plea rang hollower than the last.
“I missed you too, Dean.” He could clearly hear the smile that certainly was visible on his angel’s face.
“Thanks, sunshine.” Dean tried to turn around in Cas’ arms and glance at the angel but failed. So instead Dean clung to the strong arms that held him and looked up in front of him where he was facing his younger brother’s amused demeanour. Or was it bemused?
“Stop it. You’re back. We can’t change the past.” Dean had gotten Cas back and never wanted to lose him again.
Sam broke down laughing, resting his hands on his knees to steady himself. “If I hadn’t been busy flattening you, turning back right the moment I jumped, I would have loved to witness the scene myself.”
Dean’s face lit up a hundredfold if that was still possible, his whole being radiating. “Burgers and pie? Cas, marry me! Now!”
“Oh, shit!” Claire chuckled. “Thanks for the heads-up. He probably isn’t very happy with me right now.”
“Dean, let me explain.”
If you're playing yourself, have a great and fun week gishing, if not, have a great and fun week too, whatever you are doing.
Claire laughed. “And let this opportunity pass? Never!”
Dean could feel Cas’ breath in his hair, the heat radiating from the angel’s body, his scent that at once was so familiar and yet so otherworldly, he’d never be able to find the right words to describe it, the quiet rustling of his ridiculous coat, the barely noticeable caress of Cas’ thumb on his shoulder.
“Look at you, all grown up, giving relationship advice to an angel.” His Zanna sounded proud.
Despite the disturbance, Castiel felt elated. Dean’s lingering warmth, even though it was dissipating very quickly, sparked the tiny bit of hope Castiel still carried. Maybe, just maybe, he wasn’t alone with his feelings.
“Are you certain it is a witch, Sam?” Castiel asked, wanting to make sure that they wouldn’t be surprised. For Dean’s sake he needed to keep Sam safe. If anything happened to the younger Winchester, Dean would never forgive him. Not this time. His friend already had forgiven him far too much, far more than he deserved and certainly far too many decisions and actions he would never forgive himself.
A manic expression on her face, the witch glared at her. Claire knew what was coming. With a flick of her wrist the witch aimed at Claire. Time seemed to have stopped, all noises dulled and only creepy silence remained. Waiters walked in slow motion. Claire’s eyes were fixed on the impossibly slowly moving hand, wrists still cuffed. Although Claire knew the feeling of impending doom, it never got old. It didn’t matter how often she had been in a fight for life and death –
. How could you
When Castiel looked up again, glancing at his friend, Dean was shaken. His friend was still holding the pizzas, but Castiel wasn’t sure if Dean still remembered carrying them.
"That's your side of the bed, kiddo. Stay there. Don't crowd my space." As was usual, Dean’s words were harsher than his deeds. His lips brushed the top of his brother’s head when he stroked the hair on the tiny head before heading over to his side, carefully covering his laptop and putting it away safely. He didn’t need Sammy to have a look at it too closely. For the sake of Sammy’s sanity – at least as long as Sam was in his current form – and other obvious reasons, he had to cancel his planned relaxation for tonight.
“It worked, Cas. We won. Jack defeated Chuck.” Even though Cas didn’t answer, talking helped him to stay sane. Hell, he didn’t even know if he had stopped praying since Cas had been taken from him.
“I like my clothes. I feel safe wearing them. It’s easy. I had no reason to change that.” As much as he liked this new suit, wearing it was a strange experience. Self-consciously he fidgeted with his bolo tie.
“Like it? It was awesome! Frigging awesome, baby. Fucking mind-blowing.”
“As you wish.”
Dean Winchester must be saved by any cost.
“I killed a man, Castiel. He died because of me. It’s my fault that he’s dead and his family has lost their father,” Jack stated.
He wasn’t sure if the words had left his lips or if it was just another prayer.
“So, you’re safe now? No deal threatening to take you back?”
Knowing the routine by now, Castiel anticipated the moment of waking. There would be a short moment of respite until he would drown again. Until he would see Dean die again and again.
“Sleep!” he commanded with a voice that once had led Heavenly armies to war.
It broke Castiel’s heart to see what Dean usually hid from himself and everyone else and Castiel wished he could observe his friend more often in this serene state. However, he had given his word all those years ago. He had respected Dean’s request ever since, for almost a decade, and he wouldn’t break his promise now.
“Do I have to remind you that I’m not a woman?” Castiel replied. Even saying it hurt. It always hurt, knowing Dean would never be his.
Trying not to think about what that implied, Sam winced. “I’ll do. And good luck with your hunt. You sure I shouldn’t come over?”
“How does it even work? The energy thing I mean? You gain life energy, sure, but doesn’t the transformation take as much at the same time? Doesn’t make sense. Then again, you witches don’t make sense at all. No offense.”
Dean and Sam stay in Flagstaff, Arizona, when Sam runs away. Dean is devastated and searches everywhere. John isn't happy when he returns from his hunt.
Now, they were running through Lebanon, driving down Elm Street. Castiel’s anticipation started to rise to levels he didn’t know he had.
“Of course, I heard of the angel who fought side by side with the Winchesters in the Apocalypse. It’s an honour to meet you.” Sully smiled at Cas before he turned around. “Where’s Sam?”
Later, when the haze finally lifted, his heart still floating in spheres he never knew existed, he wasn’t sure whose cock had come free first. And it didn’t matter. Looking into the blue eyes that were staring at him right at this moment, he could see all his love reflected in there, feeling the goose bumps rising on his skin, the storm of butterflies flying freely in his chest.
“Morning, Cas.” His friend gave him a stunning smile despite his tired appearance when he crossed the room towards the counter and the coffee pot, while the younger Winchester waved excitedly and came running towards him, climbing on his lap.
*****
“Don’t like your idea. Thought one of you could look after Sammy.
Slowly, everything came back to him. Awesome! Freaking awesome! He fought monsters on a daily basis, had defeated archangels, princes and knights of Hell alike, but of course, he had to faint from anxiety on his wedding day.
“Dean? What are you saying?”
*****
wasn’t interested?” Hope kindled in his entire body and he felt elevated. Did that mean–? No, that couldn’t be. Or could it?
Driving along the I-64, it didn’t take long until Claire found a lonely forest that would work. Deep down, she still couldn’t believe what she was planning to do, but she shrugged it off. It wouldn’t be any different from killing vampires and weres or even angels. One last time, Claire wrestled with the witch and finally got her on her knees in front of her.
Dean returned with two identical cowboy hats. “Look at these beauties.” Placing it on top of Castiel’s head, his eyes grew wide. “Damn! I’m a lucky bastard.” Suddenly, he dropped down to one knee. “Cas. Castiel, angel. Will you marry me?”
As if he only had waited for permission, Dean’s body convulsed and white streaks of ejaculate shot over his chest. It was all it needed to take Castiel over the edge too, unfamiliar feelings crushing through him, freeing him in a way he had never anticipated, and taking him to another plane of consciousness. He had witnessed the birth of stars, had been present when the first animal set its feet on land, had seen the rise and fall of civilisations. In this very moment, he experienced everything at once – the entire universe at every point in time. He could see everything. But his world was orbiting around the human he was finally allowed to call his, the man he had loved for years and who had upturned his whole existence. The brightest star of all.
“Hey, nothing’s happening,” Dean chimed in. “Even if ‒ big if ‒ I talk to him, nothing will change.”
They both immediately stopped in their tracks and sat upright, starring at Jack who was standing at the end of the bed, smiling, his hand raised in his usual manner of greeting.
“You sure?” Sam asked, worried.
“Still hurts like hell, but I’ll live. It’s just a flesh wound.” Dean tried to chuckle when Cas started to disagree but Dean regretted it immediately. “Don’t think it helped that I was already out cold yesterday.”
... You died. Cas, you died right in front of me and I couldn’t do anything. I ... uh ... I can’t do that again. I fucking lost you ...” Dean’s voice broke.
*****
“About time,” Dean grumbled, yet his eyes were gleaming and he gleamed with happiness.
While he had been distracted by Dean’s fate, Alastair got hold of the demon knife, grinning mischievously, and turned towards him. Defying another of Heaven’s orders, Castiel let his angel blade fall from his sleeve and attacked, gripping the weapon tightly. Whatever his superiors might say afterwards, the demon needed to die. The blade was his weapon of choice, his favourite.
“Yeah!” Dean beamed. “Happy Pi Day, Cas!”
Everyone wanted a hug and to congratulate them. He couldn’t help to blush every damn time he heard them utter ‘Finally!’, ‘I’ve always known’, ‘Welcome to the dark side, bitch’, and ‘Took you idjits far too long to figure it out. Haven’t even known you guys that long and it was bloody obvious.’ But today he didn’t mind. Cas was always there, squeezing his hand, encouraging him.
“Thank you for your time,” Sam said, smiling at the principal. “There is one more question I need to ask you, though. Not only have children been found but there have been several disappearances of senior citizens. Many of them have attended this school in their childhood. Do you, by any chance, still have any records, say, of the time sixty to ninety years ago? Somewhere around the 1940s or 1950s? I know it’s a lot to ask of you, but it really would help with our investigations.”
When they had sat down, Cas gestured to the booze, but Dean shook his head. As much as he might have wanted to, this was better done when he stayed sober. Taking another deep breath, Dean looked at the angel who always grounded him in a way no one else could. “Dammit, Cas, you’re right. You know I’m not good with this feelings crap but ... uh ... I’m not ... fine. I ...” Dean steadied himself with yet another deep breath. “I’m out of my freaking mind. I don’t know what to do. We can’t take Sammy and Jack with us to go on the hunt for obvious reasons. But I don’t want to let Sammy stay behind, either. I won’t abandon him.” There. Not that bad.
Castiel remained silent. How could he tell Dean what he had endured? How could he tell anyone?
“Shut up!” He couldn’t have this conversation. Not now. Gladly, Sammy seemed to get it and kept his cakehole shut.
Castiel sadly shook his head.
“Dean’s fine.” As if to prove his statement, Dean seemed to mark his territory by sucking his neck. “Uh, he’s fine.”
Dean let his head fall back on the moss, groaning, his hips bucking upwards. “Don’t stop!”
She smiled, like she always did, when he appeared out of nowhere.
The grip on his hand tightened. Somehow Dean had found it again and didn’t let go. His friend’s mouth stood open in utter shock and he gaped at Jack.
With Sam and Cas gone on a hunt, he now was alone with the kid. After his brother had tried to teach Jack how to control his powers, they had witnessed firsthand how fucking brilliant that had turned out. The kid was still heartbroken over accidently killing the guard and had pledged he wouldn’t ever use his powers again. Hell, Cas had been able to stop Jack from pulling the vanishing act on them in the very last moment. Dean knew that the idea of Jack stopping the use of his powers was bullshit, since most of the times the kid had used them unintentionally.
“Sammy finally ran away with Sully, that’s what happened. He nearly it did back in the day. So why not now?” Dean shrugged, hating himself for even telling Cas as much. As much as Dean had tried to compose himself, he knew he couldn’t hide shit and wouldn’t last any longer. Loosing Sammy because Dean had gone on a hunt and left his brother behind was the universe telling Dean he had screwed up on the big scale.
“Oh, baby.” Dean kissed him. “You were there the whole time. Did that sound as if I was disappointed?”
Dean tried to sit up but was still pinned down by Cas’ dead weight. Not wanting to wake him, he let himself fall back onto his pillow.
Sam snorted with laughter. Cutlery and plates clattered, and with a thump something hit the wooden table. His brother must have lost it.
“Good night, Dean. I’ll use the time to do some research.”
*****
Dean’s right hand found his left, squeezing it encouragingly, and interlacing their fingers. With a smile on his face, Dean closed the gap between finger and feather and brushed it carefully.
But here? This fucking life, all this shit? Damn, those things were different. They made it difficult, impossible. Life wasn’t easy and his life, well, fuck it.
“You know, you could always have me. I‒
“Wait!” Dean stopped him.
“Go, get him,” Eileen signed.
happy. And whatever makes you happy is good,” Jody interjected.
“Hello, Dean.” His eyes lit up when he looked at the older of the two, probably lingering a moment too long. “Good morning, Sam,” he added to greet both of them accordingly.
When he turned to plant a kiss at the crown of Cas’ head, someone in the room cleared their throat. Dean’s eyes flew open to stare right into the face of his grinning brother.
Castiel glared at him and Dean lowered his eyes probably knowing he deserved it. “However, neither is this body incapable of nor am I averse to sexual intercourse. It’s a concept worth of examining with the right person. Actually, I believe it would make me very happy to give my partner what they want and need, and to let them take care of me. I just don’t feel an intrinsic desire for sexual contact as I understand most humans feel when they think of those they are attracted to. I would be more than happy for you to be that partner. Especially since you are the only one I ever thought of in that way.”
Sam’s eyes roamed over them, taking in their state. Slowly, understanding dawned on his face and he gaped. “You’re douchebags,” he scolded them. “Leaving me on the market like that without a word, just to … to ...” He stammered.
Cas looked at him with sad eyes. “What are you afraid of?”
After their extended make out session, which they only stopped when Dean’s body, exhausted from the events of the last two days, met its limit, his best friend once again snuggled into Castiel’s side, Dean’s head resting on Castiel’s chest. For a while they simply enjoyed their newfound closeness and relished the evolution of their relationship, hands wandering over every part of the other’s body they could reach.
"No, forget it, I'd rather not ask any so you don't have to lie any more," he says, his tone rather heavy with prejudice.
----------------
Castiel blushed and Dean kissed him one last time with a shit-eating grin on his face as he set off to find his target. He had chosen the first angel of creation on purpose, because although she was able to see human emotions and feelings, putting two angels in the same room had turned out to be quite an enriching experience, you could build an iceberg given the calm between them. Not that Caroline hates talking with Cas or vice versa, but rather that neither of them will do the talking preferring the calm, tea and little smiles of friends as if they were talking to each other.
Jack thought about who he would ask his first question to, he took a good two minutes to choose his target.
Caroline closed her eyes and took deep breaths, which worried Dean and Cas.
Siesta Beach, Florida, a truly beautiful beach. Caroline put her suitcase in the room of the bungalow she had been assigned, the window looked out over the sea and as she looked out over the dazzling blue sea, she was sucked back into a dark and silent corner she was getting to know. She could walk there but she preferred not to because in the little corner where she was no one was shouting, the Void had driven every soul from that corner to leave her alone. She was brought back to her surroundings when the knock came at the door, she moved and opened the door to let Sam in, he looked at her worriedly, she wanted to hit him for that. Damn, it was hard to read him, the one human she couldn't read properly and had fallen in love with despite Chuck's control. How had this happened? The time she'd spent with him had shifted a lot of things around and then there was Eileen who had been so kind to her, she couldn't bring herself to destroy their friendship over a boy, even if it was him, Eileen and Sam loved each other and she wasn't going to ruin that. Then she had learned from Eileen herself that Sam loved another girl and that she had had to leave him so that he could find her and be happy, Caroline had been shocked because Eileen was really a great person who had put Sam's happiness before her own. She and Caroline had not stopped talking even after she left the bunker, it was still impossible for the angel to admit to her friend that she was in love with her ex.
"Sam will keep an eye on her during your stay, if anything bigger happens you give us a quick call and we'll break in with "Air Angels"".
-----------
"Hey, what's up Sammy?"
"Cas and I promised Jack we'd take him to the beach, except some hunters called me to help with Cas, so I told them to come by the bunker so we could talk about their case."
"For stealing clothes from a TV star AKA sexy doctor, Dean would be jealous. " she laughs "Me, Sam?"
"You know trifles, like putting the books in the right places or that I'm going to cook a nice dish without a salad tonight. That sort of thing"
There was an enormous silence and then the hunter passed his hand over her face.
"Yes I'm coming. "
Cas looked at Jack with his best fatherly smile while Dean smiled, because his plan is working.
"Sam are you coming? "
He approaches her and gives her a brief friendly pat on the shoulder, she smiles at him, but the gleam in his eyes disappears as if his subconscious has gone elsewhere. Since his return to the bunker, after they have finally finished with Chuck, this kind of moment happens often, too often as if someone or something is drawing him to a dark place. He shakes her, she comes back to her a little surprised, she touches his shoulder to calm him down.
"Caroline, Truth or Dare? "
Someone knocks at the door and doesn't wait for the answer to show his little head to the two men. Jack was all smiles when he jumped between Cas and Dean still sitting on their bed.
Cheers erupted throughout the audience, but Dean and Cas had only eyes for each other. One chaste kiss led to another and, not before long, they started to fully make out in front of everyone.
Suddenly, every fibre of his being lit up. It couldn’t be. It wasn’t allowed to be! And yet it had happened. Dean had grabbed onto Castiel’s hand, lightly stroking his knuckles with his thumb and interlacing their fingers as if to say ‘mine’. A tiny smile stole over Dean’s face.
“That’s my job! So get lost! Shoo!” Sully waved them off, evoking another chuckle from Sammy. It was so genuine, Dean couldn’t even be mad at the kid.
“No, Cas, that’s not what I meant.” Sam chuckled before he became serious again. “You and Dean, you two belong together, you‘re right for each other. I can’t even describe it. It just feels right. You once said it yourself, you two share a profound bound.”
Castiel wanted to touch him, reassure him that he was okay. But there was a fine line he didn’t want to cross. Not intentionally. So he just smiled and squinted. “It’s a pi pie.”
There was nothing, only darkness. No sound, no smell, no taste– nothing. Not even something to touch. Human senses didn’t work at all in this void. Even his angelic senses were dampened. And yet he could feel a cold creeping through his vessel that he still occupied. But it was a lot more than that. What once had been his vessel had become part of himself. A body. His body. He couldn’t pinpoint the actual moment in time – an issue he had encountered far too often during the last years –, but at some time he had started to think of it as his body, his own earthly, human body. Technically he had known a long time, ever since Chuck had resurrected it during the Apocalypse. Nowadays it was even more his, though, especially after his powers had declined to a point where he couldn’t use them anymore without heavy repercussions.
“Touché! You’ll never let us hear the end of it, won’t you?”
“So you would want to do it again?” he asked, hopefully, yet already confident enough to use a teasing tone. He already couldn’t wait to recreate the feeling, again and again. “Now?”
“Mojo me to recover faster? Nah, let’s just wait a bit and I promise you I’ll be more than ready for round two. Though you could mojo this.” He gestured with his hand over his chest. “It gets a bit sticky here.”
Eventually, after minutes, hours, or days had passed, Castiel wasn’t sure, Dean whispered, “You serious? You’re really interested? In
“Really? Took you two idiots long enough to figure it out. Uh, congrats?!”
“Yeah, will do. Dean’s still out for now?”
Sam rolled his eyes, not taking Dean’s bait. “Shit, it’s good to have you back.” He turned towards Castiel who was revelling in the brothers’ banter. “And you.”
And this time, Castiel was sure there was more to it than its textual meaning. It sounded like promises and hope, like all this was actually real. It sounded like
“It isn't like this when I'm in class,” Sam told Dean after. “At least not now the original shock has worn off for most the kids.”
“Well, Garth. By naturalistic, we mean, we've decided to put on show some tasteful naturalism. The human body and beast as they would be in nature, without clothes. We want to separate ourselves from Disney in this regard, make this a more raw take on the centauricorn than anyone else would dare do.”
“You should drink some water,” Castiel prompted.
“Ellen was the Jones' bros mother's sister, Billie was her wife,” Donna informed Castiel. “The story went that they met while working for the FBI and fell in love. And then they leave the service together when their nephews' were orphaned. So they adopt the nephews and from there on it was cinematic gold.”
Dean finally turned his head to look at his boyfriend. “What? Planning to get dildos of your cock made and then fuck me with those?” The thought had crossed Dean's mind before. He'd even found several suppliers of kits for such a thing.
Dean shrugged. “I am what I am.”
He smiled widely, knowing everyone would jump on a story if there was even a slightest hint of acrimony between him and Sam, or him and the cast of this film.
,” Benny agreed, raising his bottle so he could bump it gently with Donna's. “I don't care how much better for the environment it is, I ain't doing a movie without real sets ever again. All the green screen? Pffft. They had us shirtless in these stupid green leggings. Fuckin'
“Oh! That's not so bad,” Dean laughed, feeling a sudden whoosh of relief.
He dropped his underwear fully to the ground to reward Dean’s continued honesty. Dean’s cock had drooped a little but was happier once Castiel was on the bed, crawling up towards Dean. Castiel positioned himself over Dean so that he could take their cocks into one of his hands and stroke them together. Dean, meanwhile, continued to hold onto the headboard.
. The place that was more than just a base of operations. He missed it in the way he used to miss Heaven before that became just some place he used to live, used to exist. It didn’t hold for him the same sense of peace it used to before he’d met Dean Winchester.
“Yes?” Dean ground out, jaw feeling tight with irritation.
“He’s addicted,” Sam commented to Castiel. “Full-blown porn addiction.”
“Climax?” Castiel supplied.
“Ah shit,” Castiel muttered under his breath.
Dean starred into Castiel’s eyes, into his soul.
“That’s for you two to sort out, between yourselves.”
“I don’t,” Castiel huffed. He did. He often did. He worried sometimes that he’d corrupted Dean and Dean had to remind him that being in a happy, healthy relationship, having the career of his dreams, and getting to sleep each night next to a man he loved was never going to be a dictionary definition of corrupted.
With that, Sam dove down and wrapped his lips halfway down Castiel’s shaft.
In his dreams, Castiel could momentarily forget all that was yet to come.
“And shall we start with... you?” Bela pointed towards a lady in the center of the room Dean knew all too well. A helper with a microphone raced over.
“And everyone saying we fell in love while filming this? I didn't even meet you until after!” Dean couldn't stop laughing. The whole thing was so absurd, but he felt so much relief that the feedback was middling to good for the most part.
“But he does, you know he does,” Sam was sure to reassure Castiel.
Dean wiped a cloth across the top of the bar, polishing it to perfection.
“Do you regret it?”
They clinked glasses.
“With you I never feel obligated. I want to do this for you, and for us. I’d spend the rest of my life trying to give you all the pleasure you deserve, if only you’d let me.”
“Aren’t we creating hundreds of new universes by doing that?”
Try though he might to get Dean off before he came himself, Castiel couldn't hold on any longer and soon felt himself tense up as he filled the condom. He continued to stroke Dean though who moments later was also climaxing.
“Hi, Sam,” she signed back.
“Really?” Donna said, surprised.
Dean ran a hand over his bed mate's hair, smoothing it, enjoying the feel of its silky texture under his fingers. He remembered doing the same thing last night, and again a few hours ago.
“Forget something?”
“A weird dream? So you come wake me up because...”
Castiel frowned at Sam, “That was a little fast.”
“I’m not even sure the outfit fits anymore,” Dean grinned. They still had the fake outfit he’d bought all those years ago in a box somewhere.
“Of course.”
“Cas,” Dean whimpered.
“Hi, I'm Becky, from
“You two certainly seem thick as thieves,” Mary commented.
“Dean!” Sam sighed this time, walking up and shaking his brother’s shoulder.
“I’m okay,” he wheezed. “Went down the wrong way. Thanks for the care and help there.”
The mix tape. Sam recalled Dean had made Castiel a mix tape. That wasn’t nothing, especially coming from someone like Dean.
Castiel didn’t want Dean to get worked up and was annoyed with future him for potentially ruining the end of their fun. “He was probably cranky as he’d been separated from his Dean for two weeks.”
“Yes, a fuck load of yes,” Dean rasped. His pupils had blown wide with lust.
“We could head to the motel at the next junction and I can demonstrate for you.”
“Consultant,” Charlie told Sam firmly. “I’m not a cop.”
Dean chuckled at his sleepy boyfriend. Dean’s conscience was telling him he should care more, but his hole was telling him to relax.
at Dean’s insistence. Both had a soda and the silence had been quite companionable.
Dean shot him a smile. “No problem. For now though, we better go do shots with Jody. You don't wanna know what she'll do if we don't join in.”
“We both need to appoint deputies to take over some of our duties and make a promise we’ll all spend more time together. The universe has changed over the years, granted, we haven’t changed that much though, Sam. We still need each other. We’ve just lost sight of that lately.”
online,” Donna added. “Checked everywhere. Just a mention of some plays in Europe?”
“No,” Dean said bluntly. Quickly. Almost like he’d been waiting for Sam to ask.
“Possibly,” he smiled back. There wouldn’t be anyway to ever tell, unless they all came in separate vials and measured, but that would detract from Dean getting his fresh cream pie.
Chuck scoffed and drew a few more glugs from his bottle. “Sure, sure. Me, an Academy winning screenwriter, making up forests. Why not.”
“You are such a secret prude.”
Sam agreed and the two old friends moved inside, leaving Dean tied tightly to the tree.
“No, no, nothing like that. We do need to make a mold though, thus the waxing. We'll have models made up, and the CGI will take care of most of it. We don't want you to be on show all the time. Just at moments of great... suspense.”
“Good, but please know that I don't think any less of you for this, it just... assists me getting into the mood.”
The both groaned with delight.
“When I had sex with Sam in the other world–”
Feeling sad, Dean hugged Donna and Jody in turn when they said their goodbyes. It was only to be a temporary parting of the ways as they all knew they'd be back in a few weeks for ADR and any reshoots needed. Until then, Dean had a few weeks off while the centaur (“-
The bar was exactly the kind of place Sam would expect Dean to drag him. It was the type of divebar he hadn’t been to in years. The onion rings were greasy and the beer was chilled though.
“We can’t tell him.”
“You read my books?”
“So how about it, about the rumors on the prequel?”
Sam snorted a laugh. “Hopefully should hear by the end of the week if I’ve got to the second round of interviews.”
My fellow critics may disagree, but to those who dismiss this I say: You simply do not understand the subtle complexities of such a film.
Dean chuckled. “Is that just an excuse to get me into the storage room?” Even though they’d been together for two years, Dean never missed an opportunity to flirt with his boyfriend.
“Prequel,” Benny explained, sounding a bit put out that he had to explain. “Everyone wants to know how Billie and Ellen got together.”
Just like the protagonist from Castiel’s main book series,
“Loose,” Dean said after a moment of contemplation. “Cold. Lonely.”
“You?” Sam’s voice was thick with disbelief. Castiel looked more like a… a librarian, or accountant or… something. Not a soldier.
“Aren't you a bit too old for those films?” Donna giggled.
“We’ll work on the idea this evening over pizza.” Castiel walked forwards and kissed Dean softly on the lips.
Dean shrugged. “None of my business.”
Sam pulled his underwear off and threw it on top of the pile he’d made. It didn’t feel strange to Sam to be naked in front of Castiel, or at least, not any different to how he’d felt with previous partners. They’d kept the motel room’s dim bedside lamps on, but enough light was peeking through the flimsy window curtains from the outside that it the whole room had a glow to it regardless. Sam watched Castiel’s growing interest as the other man laid back and stroked his condom-clad cock.
“Call me when you know your plans?” Castiel responded, with equal longing in his tone.
This should feel weird. The last 24 hours, hell the last 8 hours alone had been such a ride, but… Sam didn’t feel weird. He felt uneasy because of the nightmare, but not because of the situation happening behind him. That just felt
Castiel found himself slowly remembering this part of himself again. The part that remembered how much he loved humans. He had never forgotten that he did love humanity, but he’d forgotten how strongly that could make him feel. Parts of him were being woken up with each new activity he tried with Dean. Hannah had stepped up admirably to help take part of his leadership duties from him too, allowing Castiel to spend much desired time with Dean.
without his grace, Cas was still a bit of a weirdo. A lovable, caffeine addicted weirdo.
“I’m not really a pizza delivery boy.”
“If we all eat burgers, we all gain the same, and then there'll be no difference on the camera,” Jody reasoned.
Sam’s breath hitched as Castiel’s hand found its way to his cock again. Sam let out a half-sob when he finally came. Sam assumed Castiel must have come at some point too, as he noted with faint, dizzy bliss Castiel pull off and tie the condom he’d had on.
Dean started to moan again. The sound of Castiel’s breathing so close to his ear driving him just as wild as the sensation of Castiel’s delicious cock sliding in and out of him, making him feel so good.
“The family business,” Sam smiled to himself. “Thanks, Cas.”
"Bye, Celia."
“How the job hunt go today?” Dean asked casually, opening up a letter.
That was all the warning Dean had before Castiel Four slid into him. He must have of course known Dean was well prepared for this event – that had been the main objective of his morning activities with Castiel One.
Dean groaned and put his head in his hands. “It was easier in the other world to do this, you know. To admit to you about how much I want all that.”
Castiel couldn’t find any fault in that logic (other than to wonder what porn Dean watched where the plumber demanded a call out charge) and soon his character was a pizza delivery guy, with a penchant for sugar-dusted pastries and an oral fixation.
It was really more poor Eileen who had to put up with Sam being cranky over his disturbed sleep. Yeah, they might be loud, but Dean found it difficult to care while he was busy being so happy. He’d bought Sam a pair of noise-canceling headphones – what else was there for it?
“Lead the way,” Sam gestured to the front of the bar and followed in Dean’s wake.
“Eileen?” he rasped.
“I hoped… I hoped,” Dean turned and buried his face in the pillow again. “That you kept ordering, I thought might mean something. But you do seem to really enjoy pizza.”
Castiel had rolled the sleeves of his shirt up and loosened his tie a little.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you, Sam.” Castiel stuck his hand out and Sam was impressed at how steel-faced he was.
"Listen, I hear what you're saying, but there has to be a better candidate than me to rule Hell."
“Yeah.” Sam swallowed, eyes skating nervously between Castiel and Dean.
No response.
.” Castiel put his head in his hands. “I felt like something was… off, but...”
Sam frowned. “Bad day at work?”
Dean had really hoped he'd been the only one woken by his phone ringing.
“Changed your mind?”
“Can I take your jacket?” he offered.
better than his family.
“One of the actresses on the set, she suggested I try a TV show. Cas seemed to think–”
After another energetic round of sex, which ended with them both messy and muscles hurting in strangely pleasing ways, they both decided to take a shower again. They eventually managed to get themselves clean, after probably the longest shower of Castiel's life. They couldn't seem to stop touching each other, keen to learn about the other on every level.
“Well, you know,” Sam shrugged. “I got lucky with grants and all.” He felt like a fraud accepting praise for a career he didn’t think he was really looking to hold onto.
Writing was his love, but sex scenes were his addiction. He could lose entire hours, days, weeks, just indulging in his own fantasies.
“You’re a weird guy,” she said. “Shame you’re taken, I’d loved to have known if you wore
Dean nodded fondly. “Of course. April and Emma were there as Sam and I grew up. They're good people.”
“Was it another gangbang porno?”
The kid contemplated the glass, a little more than half full now. “True, I guess.”
I have a question for Dean.”
“I'm not that young,” Dean protested.
“We can stop, if you want to?” Sam offered gently.
“It kind of is, Cas. If it works, it works.” Sam could tell that if Castiel had been human, his cheeks would be flushing with embarrassment and probably arousal by this point in the conversation.
Well, at least Dean had the door shut this time. Sam had come to the bar not so long ago to find Dean out in the open at one of the stools, fucking himself on a dildo, watching porn. Though with the technology of the day, he wasn’t just watching, he was part of the scene, feeling the sensations. Sensors worn on the skin tricked the nervous system into feeling like it was part of the experience that was happening before the wearer’s eyes.
“Hardly on our own,” Castiel murmured.
, Sam felt like that would fix things.
Castiel snuggled down deeper in the and drifted back off to sleep. Dean watched Castiel, observing the rise and fall of his chest beautifully highlighted by the faint morning sun making its way through a crack in the curtains.
Mary let out a giggle.
. You’ve only just met you can’t have had an argument already, that’s…” he trailed off and looked at both of them again. Swallowing, Dean took a step back. “Unless you had already met before.”
The restaurant was nice, and decidedly not the sort of place John would have picked when he was alive. Each of them had taken it upon themselves to dress up appropriately for the occasion. Castiel was still in a suit, as he had been so far every time Sam had seen him. Even Dean had combed his hair back and put on a tie.
“It's not, Uncle Bobby.”
Dean’s face was starting to heat up in the way it did when he was really turned on.
“You don’t know how to ride a horse,” Dean snorted. “Stop eating cheese before you go to sleep.”
“Oh, you know,” Castiel was suddenly shy. He rubbed the back of his neck. “This and that.”
“I do not do nudity,” Anna repeated in firmer tones. “I'm sorry everyone, but I cannot be a part of this.”
Sometimes the bar-dwellers had the nerve to complain about the music Dean played. But it was
“It’s okay, Dean,” he assured him. “I’m coming on your chest, and later I’ll fuck you so hard.”
Warmth blossomed in Castiel’s chest.
His eyes pleaded with Castiel to understand, to get fully what was happening between them.
“We're here today as we're going to be taking 3D scans of all of you,” Charlie explained. “As your contracted filming time has ran out now, the studio wants us to fill in any missing shots with CGI. So I'm going to ask you to all step into the booth one at a time. We'll take you through a range of movements we need from you.”
“Cool,” Dean said, like it meant nothing. “You might want to keep that from Mom until you’ve settled on what you do wanna do. Experience has taught me she doesn’t take too well to these things otherwise.” Dean turned to grin at Sam.
“Very funny,” he huffed a laugh despite the lameness and picked the middle one.
Maybe they'd partied a little
"Pfffftt, you're a good bartender but you suck at the cheering people up bit, Dean."
“Yes?” Dean squeaked, equally confused as he was aroused.
A small smile followed by an eye roll was all Sam got back for that admission.
“Something about how they'd treated him badly. He's in rehab now. Studio had to pay. He has good cause to blame them for his nervous breakdown. They basically locked him up until he finished the script. Told him it wasn't good enough, and over a hundred re-writes later, he was at the end of his tether.”
Eventually, Bela moved onto other journalists, who had far more interest in the other actors, much to Dean's great relief.
Sam felt treasured, and hot, and confused, but aroused, so very, very aroused. It was like Castiel was all around him, inside him, presence seeping into Sam’s brain and making him demand:
the voice continued.
The next two days went by too fast for Dean's liking.
,” both Dean and Donna chimed in at once.
“But the headspace thing, the submission, that’s helping?”
Dean’s jaw dropped. “You know I–”
Dean grabbed his hand, amazed how warm and soft Castiel's hand felt.
“Um, did you?” Castiel said hesitantly.
She had a point, Dean conceded. "Kid's got a future ahead of her. They should hire her."
Relief took over Dean.
“I’m Sam, Sam…” he looked around, begging for inspiration for a last name.
Even Celia’s flirting wasn’t enough to make him smile most days. The respite between periods of feeling like he was useless weren’t really enough any more.
“Damn. That’s…” Sam was at a loss for words. “Gotta be hard,” he finished pathetically.
“John took me to a place just like this when he proposed.” Mary looked around fondly, taking in the fabric wallpaper and gilded moldings. “That place shut down a long time ago though.”
“What?” Dean jumped back, looking down at his outfit. “They told me to just take whatever I liked the look of from off the rack, I was, er, running a bit late,” he admitted sheepishly. He felt silly standing there so casually when Castiel was dressed so beautifully in a three-piece navy blue suit. The suit seemed to bring blue out in his already super blue eyes.
There'd been a lot of upset when Sam announced he wouldn't renew his contract for more. Dean's younger brother just wasn't interested in continuing in Hollywood – or not at least until after he'd secured a degree or two.
When Castiel was starting to feel like he could take no more, he maneuvered one hand free to grip Dean's weeping erection.
He'd been watching Castiel as he slept, his stupid heart already imagining their future together.
“It turned out to be a simple fix. Somehow a group of children had gotten hold of a time changing device and were using it to enter shut buildings, travel back a few hours to when they were closed, taking what they wanted, and then traveling back to their original time, with the items.”
“Since… since...” Dean slammed the glass in his hand down and stormed off.
“You’re not angry with Sam, you’re angry with me. Even though you know I’ve not been chaste, this is different because it is with someone you know. You’re being forced to confront that sometimes I do have sex.”
“You thought we’d be doing somethin’ else?”
“Eh,” Dean shrugged, rolling on his side now so he could face Castiel. “At least I’m cute enough to watch sleep.”
“You do?”
“The secret to a long life is being happy about the idea of getting older," he said in lieu of a reply.
“You boys happy together?” John questioned.
“Evenin’, Sammy,” Dean greeted him as Sam shuffled in.
Castiel Three moved so he could fuck Dean from behind. All the Castiels stood close around, touching Dean, touching themselves, letting Dean know they were there for him. No words were needed.
“Malcolm, chief editor of
Dean opened the book and started looking through, getting lost in the text. He looked up after a moment, suddenly realizing he was sitting with Castiel still. “Sorry, I’ll read it later… that was rude.” Dean blushed.
“Well, it'll be as much of a surprise to you as it will be to them when they finally get to see it.”
“And that doesn't bother you?” Castiel asked slowly, brow creased with concern.
“That explains so fucking much. Fucking...
After a couple of days of being a bum at his childhood home, Dean traveled on to see Sammy where he was holed-up in New York studying. He spent his days at Sam's fancy apartment reading while the kid was in class, and their evenings playing video games – when Sam wasn't studying, that is.
“You two don’t…?” Sam had to ask.
“Of course, hun. I'll write you a screenplay. Where do you want it to be set?”
“Teach a man to fish in a state of permanent nighttime, and he can provide for himself the rest of his life?” Dean guessed.
“Good.”
In the end they had to wait another three days to ensure Sam would be away from the bunker for at least 24 hours. It was one thing for them to know about their kinky, time-travel orgy and a completely different thing for Sam to walk in to find multiple versions of Castiel all screwing Dean.
“Then how do you know?” Dean asked, curious. “How do you know?” Dean prompted again, starting to get suspicious.
Dean reckoned he'd only slept a couple of hours, but that was generally enough for him. He'd been silently catching up on the news on his phone while he waited for Castiel to wake up.
“Oh yeah?” Castiel's voice went even lower.
“Sure, yeah, that would be good.” Dean had no beer at his place and since Sam hadn’t been out he hadn’t drank in… he wasn’t even sure.
Gadreel sat in contemplation for a moment, one hand clenched around the ever-present locket he never took off. One time Castiel had accidentally seen inside and found there to be a photo of Sam. He’d never pried what had happened between the two of them, but there was no doubting the devotion in Gadreel’s eyes when he looked upon this universe’s Sam. The self-conscious way he tugged his vessel’s clothes up across his throat to hide the scars that never seemed to settle from their vicious, raised streaks of pain.
“Who is
If Castiel was prone to gasping, he would have. “You really don’t need anyone but me,” he stated slowly.
“Enough,” Sam answered. It seemed safer than a potential lecture on self-care.
Dean’s jacket was half on but Castiel had managed to unbutton Dean’s shirt when Castiel’s finely honed hearing picked up on a child’s cry.
It was the year 2289, and Dean Winchester had had enough. Yeah, Castiel was there visiting, but it wouldn’t be for long. He wouldn’t stay. They wouldn’t go to bed, kissing and holding each other like they used to.
“You,” Dean pointed at Castiel, then at Sam. “You slept together though. Am I meant to just forget that?”
Considering their sons had brought in millions of dollars at the movie box office, no one would ever suspect that John and Mary Winchester were anything but normal folk. Other than the one room they had that contained a big merchandise collection from the movies their sons had been in, their house was otherwise pretty normal.
“But then Anna dropped out... and Hannah was struggling to find someone else, given what the film looked like to outsiders. I've been doing theater outside of the US for years. Hannah said she needed me to come in, help her out. That the role was basically based on me anyway.”
Dean looked between the two of them.
“Both.” Castiel stuck in his index finger now. He fucked Dean with his two fingers, working the lube as far in as he could, stretching his hole.
“And yourself.”
It was probably a stupid idea, moving all the way back to Kansas. Sam knew he’d have more job opportunities in California. But after living with Jess in San Francisco for so long, Sam didn’t think he would be able to move on emotionally while still living in the area.
“I didn’t mean to cause offense… I just,” Dean looked nervous. “It’s been on my mind.”
Bobby had grunted down the phone.
The three actors invited their new writer to lunch one afternoon to find out all the on-set gossip. Kevin had explained how he'd had to tweaked the plot in light of the new actor, Castiel, and then apologized to the three for the time he'd added to the filming schedule in doing this.
One by one they all went around the circle announcing their number until, “I must be Castiel… One? As this is my first time.” The other Castiels nodded.
“That was... incredible,” said Dean between labored breaths.
“Urgh, Sam. No talking about my sex life, got it?”
“DON’T YOU DARE!”
“Agreed,” they said as one.
“Er...” Sam scratched his head. He hadn’t really thought about it.
Castiel laughed gently. “I don't mean that in a jealous way,” he explained as they walked together towards the elevators.
“So long as it doesn't contain a single horse dick, I'm happy.”
, where the fuck is Garbleckistan?
“You are
“Putting yourself out there is not stupid,” Sam told him bluntly.
“Possibly,” Dean said cryptically. No matter how odd he was finding the experience of strangers talking so passionately about his old films, was enjoying their enthusiasm.
“Orange juice would be great, and a fruit cup?” The server nodded and noted down the order. “Huh, didn’t know anyone but my brother drank pineapple juice.”
Castiel pinched the bridge of his nose. “They’re over, at least.”
Dean pulled back to frown at Castiel. “Then why did he do it?”
So while Anna and a few other people had managed to get themselves out, Dean was stuck. Garth, Benny, and two actress he'd never worked with before, Donna Hanscum and Jody Mills, and himself were all that remained from the original cast of ten.
They kissed once more and separated.
Castiel breathed in a controlled way that put Sam in mind of yoga. His abdomen muscles tensed as he tried to stop himself squirming. “Don’t sell yourself short, Sam. Just because you’re in a motel sucking a stranger’s dick doesn’t mean–”
“That’s love.”
Dean debated telling Sam what Castiel had said, but then he'd have to explain the whole thing, and he didn't want more people than necessary knowing how dumb he'd been in picking this particular film.
“I can suck you off while you do that marking,” Castiel offered over morning coffee.
With no completed script due to their writer's ever increasing dependence on alcohol, no lead actress, and no director, Dean thought perhaps the film would fall through.
“We’ll tell you all that later. Don’t know the full story ourselves yet. Claire’s been spearheading this one.”
“Ahem, am I interrupting?”
Dean's soul had never felt so well nourished before. For the first time in a while, he didn't spend every other moment wondering about his future, because all he wanted to do was exist in the then and there. Looking to the future just meant looking to Castiel leaving, and Dean didn't want to start thinking about that.
“Jody's right, Donna. None of us can have burgers unless we all get burgers.”
“Awesome, jerky! And I meant to buy this,” Dean commented as he flipped the book (
“And I’m Eight.”
“You can just call me Garth, ma'am.”
“You two?” Donna threw in, looking between Sam and Castiel.
Castiel took a moment to admire the sight of Dean, naked, propped up on their bed against a stack of pillows. He tilted to his head as a curious thought hit him.
“Cherry?”
“You have no proof of that!” Dean chimed in, knowing he wasn’t going to win this race but not caring either way as he too took off for the ladder.
“It felt so
. He felt tired just from the walk there. “Cas, I don’t know what I’m really going to be good for,” Dean said, downcast and already just so tired with feeling tired. “I want to suck your cock,” he admitted now he was in a position to admit such things. “And then cuddle with you, naked,” he added shyly.
“Was my subconscious telling me Jess and I wouldn’t have worked out?” The thought had been on his mind constantly. He had to voice it, had to reach out or it was going to consume him.
“Dean,” Castiel warned calmly.
“No,” Castiel sounded very putout. “Gross.”
“Hell yeah!” Shouted Donna.
“Oh.”
“Of what?”
“I could demonstrate, if you’d like? I’m told I have some skill at spanking.”
Castiel considered Dean's question a moment, taking another sip of his red wine. Dean watched as his throat moved while he swallowed down his mouthful.
Castiel’s next book series was all about an errant college boy who seduced the lonely man he sometimes did odd jobs for. The college boy grew up in later books, graduated, went to grad school, and eventually became an English lit assistant professor in his own right, on a tenure track.
? Why would we have just left Cas dead?”
Dean hadn't intentionally sat besides Castiel at the restaurant, nor later at the bar they ended at, but fate (or their co-stars) seemed determined for them to spend time together.
Sure, he had Castiel's phone number, email address, and about everything else they could exchange, but Dean knew deep down it wouldn't be enough to rid him of this feeling of loss.
film work?”
Dean had a complete soul and should instantly go to Heaven. The argument remained that he wouldn’t enjoy it in Heaven, it wouldn’t be restful enough for him. Strictly speaking, he didn’t belong in Heaven or Hell. There wasn’t a place for Dean Winchester in the afterlife that was going to stick. Wasn’t a final resting spot for him that wouldn’t in some way upset the balance of everything or piss off the locals somehow.
“Thanks, Dean!”
“Why?” Dean pleaded, looking at Sam. “Revenge on me sleeping with your prom date?”
Both turned to glare at him. “There’s nothing to talk about,” Dean huffed.
“Being a child actor ain't so hard. At that age, all you know is how to do is be a kid, so you learn your lines and that's about it. As I got older, I had to really work at it more. But that world was pretty much the last eleven years of my life in total. So here I am, aged 22, after playing a teenager for way too–”
In the state he’d been in since his breakup with Jessica, Sam wasn’t sure how he’d even handle holding down a new job. It seemed like an impossible mountain to climb. Which was only part of why he didn’t feel more excited when he saw the email inviting him back for a second job interview on Monday.
“Nuuughhh,” Dean moaned. “You’re good, you’re very good.”
“Yes,” Castiel agreed.
“I don’t know.” Sam shook his head gently side to side, frown blossoming on his face.
“Some of us worked hard all week,” Jody shot back, “and then cooked for all you ungrateful lot.”
She sounded and looked miserable. Jody slung an arm over Donna's shoulders.
“That’s what I said.”
“Would you be available to help me catalog the time relic? I can never recall all the details of that system Sam set up.”
“They are. Been like family to me. No one looked down on me when I joined as a recruit, way older than the others. Jody she...” Dean paused as he concentrated on merging at the intersection, “she lost her kid when he was young.”
“Sounds like a promising start.”
“I’m putting laxatives in your coffee again.”
” he said mimicking Donna's accent almost perfectly.
He waved at Jody and Donna and walked towards them, panting to get his breath back. He inhaled deeply and tried to normalize his breathing after all the running about. It was then that he noticed the shirt had a scent to it that he just could not place. It also struck Dean as odd that he was the only one there in such informal clothes, with his co-stars in either button-ups and suit jackets or fancy looking dresses.
“It isn't your fault,” Dean assured him. “It isn't like you were the one calling the shots.”
“Yes, you definitely have. Full on wackadoodle.”
“He just split up with his girlfriend, you took advantage!” Dean was seething.
The gathered audience of press, actors, and various other companions, were applauding, as was to be expected regardless of what they'd just seen.
“You should rub your cock against the bark,” Castiel suggested in a manner that Dean would take as a command. He’d made the bark rougher than nature ever intended. It would go someway to grating the sensitive skin of Dean’s cock, leaving him raw, sore and definitely shivering in pain later when Castiel took Dean in his mouth.
“Okay?”
“It doesn't necessarily have to be
Their visits were often jarring for Dean who had to look upon their still youthful complexions, ageless, just as he’d remembered them looking for so long, and then feel the shock of his own years when he caught his reflection. The way his face and whole body had changed.
Sam took the opportunity to reenter the room, not wanting to get caught out listening in.
It felt little by little like he was going home again.
“May I buy you a drink?”
“Not today, at least,” Sam pleaded. Not today, not on the day they were meant to be remembering their dad.
“And you trust your grace?”
"Um, yes?" Sam said addressing him.
“Distracted, huh?”
Castiel nodded. “But?”
Reviews for
“And it’s cool you even dress up!”
Dean and Castiel arrived back in the US four months later. It had been the longest Dean had ever gone in his life without seeing his family, but Dean felt like a new person after his time in Europe.
Dean felt dizzy with need, but the throb in his back reminded him of their recent sojourn.
“Maybe,” he murmured, bending down to meet Castiel’s mouth.
“S’not a kink. Just like watching you strip for me.” Dean snuggled closer, pulling Castiel’s arm across his body.
The squint intensified.
Maybe it was the food, the taking on calories his body had probably been screaming out for, or maybe it was the way he was sitting with such a talkative group but Sam’s mind felt awake and alive for the first time in the last week.
Dean stood before Castiel and offered him a hand.
what was happening.
As the climate on Earth had crumbled into fiery, human-caused shame, and the humans had fled to other planets and zones, Dean and Castiel had taken advantage to use the wasteland to expand the garden. If someone was to find the edge and peek over the wall, they would find only death and ruin on the other side; all the markings of an Earth left abandoned long ago.
“What are you all up to next?” Castiel inquired.
Sam spun around to see Cas, in Dean’s favourite bathrobe. In his hand was his favourite mug. The aroma suggested strongly that he had indeed just been making himself some middle of the night coffee. Even without his grace, maybe
“Ha, they should have expected something.” He smiled softly at Dean, eyes twinkling sweetly.
,” Dean chuckled over his terrible pun. A bird in a nearby palm tree trilled happily before cuddling up with its mate.
“All of them? They’re all awake”
Ambivalence was the only word that came to mind when Sam tried to think about how he felt about going for an interview. The one and only application he had put in for the previous week landed him a job interview. When Tuesday came, he pressed his suit and with a portfolio of research he’d done on the company, drove out to Manhattan – Kansas edition.
Dean braced himself on the arm of the couch and leaned over, knowing just how far he had to go for the optimum fucking angle. Being screwed senseless over different pieces of furniture was one of Dean’s less indulged kinks (which still meant it got indulged plenty, Castiel was just that attentive). It was also one of those things he loved in theory until he remembered he had an angel for a boyfriend who could happily keep going for hours and hours if he wished to. Still, the couch was as good a place as any to start things off.
Castiel reached out and put his left hand on top of Dean’s right.
It was a poor guess, but Dean wasn't going to correct her.
Castiel’s bushes had never looked so neatly curated. It helped that Castiel had Dean coming back for an hour three times a week just to check out the garden, get in among the weeds and really look hard at the soil. Dean always did so on bent knees, face deep among the plants, ass up in the air. Often he took his shirt off first so the soil didn’t get on that when he delved in.
Dean led Castiel into the living area and sat down on the sofa. Castiel sat down at the opposite end.
“Yeah, yeah. Friends.”
“See something you like?” Castiel’s voice was monotone and it made Sam smile. He could have been talking about anything. He seemed to Sam so confident in his nudity.
. Turned out they'd been looking to cast one boy for the film, and despite everything they tried, had failed to find the right kid. When they ran out of agency kids, someone had the thought of looking in the schools local to where they were hoping to film – so we'd have the right kinda accent. But after seeing me and Sam, they realized the issue wasn't in casting the boy, the issue was casting just
Dean looked up and down the bar, putting on a show for Celia.
Dean had thought this odd, but next to Chuck's behavior, he barely remembered being told there'd be changes until a new revised script has landed in front of him a few days later.
“This lady at the studio worked out, with a big enough flop, they'd trigger some insurance clause and could cancel out their tax bill for the next few years. I don't pretend to understand the specifics, but, basically any movie they start after this? They're going to start in profit and without paying tax.”
“So. Castiel, the question everyone is dying to know the answer to is...” Donna started tapping the table top in poor mimicry of a drum roll. “How does a guy with no film experience, land the lead role in one of the biggest Hollywood films of all time?”
“Wait,” Dean held up his index finger. “Wait. You’re saying all three of us,” he pointed to them. “That was like a
“No one has ever done centaurs before,” Bela Talbot explained to the assembled group. “We want to do with centaurs what
“Do you want to come back to my hotel after? So we can, you know, talk some more, have a coffee? I'd love to hear about your time in Africa,” Dean suggested timidly.
“What ya get us?” Jack jumped up and down.
Jody walked back in from the kitchen. “Again?”
“Sure?”
“You should do TV,” Donna suggested. “Become a series regular and you're on easy street, or so my friends tell me.”
“I think it is,” Castiel chipped in, for the first time firmly in agreement with Dean on this.
Castiel sighed. “I really am a playwright mostly, with some acting. But more than anything, what I want to do is go back to my charity work. I help
“Look, you don’t understand, Dean, it isn’t that simple.”
“I can’t wait to do this with you again another nine times.”
It was approaching 230 years of running the place now, and Dean was frustrated.
done so much, sounds fair to me that it should give something back at some point. Seven told me in his turn as Three, there were two Sixes and no Nine.”
Castiel strolled over to the satchel he’d brought with him, giving Sam a glorious view of his ass. He rummaged around and eventually pulled out a selection from within. Fanning them out like playing cards in his fist, he offered them up to Sam.
“New York, huh? So you're a Giants fan I'm gussin'?”
Before Dean could get the
“DAAAAAAAAD!” Jack crashed in through the bedroom door and jumped on the bed, waking up Dean finally. “Claire shot her potato gun through the greenhouse roof!”
“No, I mean, maybe?” Sam whined. “I didn’t want kids,” he blurted. “She did. Somehow we’d never discussed it and then it came up and...”
Dean pulled two brightly wrapped gifts from the back he was carrying and handed them over to the kids. Quick as anything they tore the wrapping apart.
Dean didn't have time to contemplate his clothes or even introduce himself to the people he didn't recognize, as that was the moment they were all directed out onto the stage so that the first official press conference for the film could begin.
*****
“Yes,” Castiel replied, his voice not giving away anything. “The pizza man hasn’t been funny for almost two decades.”
it would happen, only when.
“Hell, yes!” his friend cried out, teasing the skin along the waistband.
“No, stupid!” the boy chided him, eyes growing wide. “Do you like being called Cas?”
“Watch it!”
garden. A garden just for him. Castiel still couldn’t believe it.
“Cas? What’s up?
Cursing his life, Dean let himself fall back into his pillow when another fragment of the dream shot back into his mind, finally breaking the loop for good. “
“Yeah, sorry.” Dean shrugged, adding a whispered “Not sorry” for Castiel’s ears. Dean’s hand found Castiel’s. Intertwining their fingers, Dean once again addressed his brother, “Though, I beg to differ. We’re
“Despite your fears, we could take Sam and Jack with us and team up with Claire. That way, one or two of us will always be able to watch both of them and the others can hunt the witch.”
Dean chuckled, and placed a chaste kiss on his jaw. “Give me some rest, sunshine. I ain’t twenty anymore.”
look. These bastards would love to drown a bag of puppies and even boast about it. As far as he knew they probably had done it. That’s why they deserved to rot in Hell, Purgatory, the Empty or wherever they ended up when they were ...
With a smile on his lips, Cas hung his shirt over the chair next to the desk and came over to place a kiss on Dean’s lips. Dean cursed that he was too sleepy to engage in anything further, especially, when he could feel Cas’ hands travelling south to his zipper. It didn’t take long before Dean’s jeans ended somewhere on the chair next to Cas’. Moments later the mattress dipped and a warm body settled down next to him. Strong arms embraced him and tucked him in. Dean’s head ended up on Cas’ chest, his left arm splayed over the angel’s waist.
Trying to keep the rising panic at bay didn’t work. There was nowhere he could run. Cas was in his bed, his arms around him, their legs tangled. Actually, despite his mind screaming at him to flee, he didn’t want to.
*****
“Yeah, I’ll talk to Claire. And you promise me you’ll catch those bloody killers. ... Yeah, bye.”
For the first time, Dean got a look at Cas and a whine escaped him. Later, he would deny ever making such a sound. Now it was the least of his problems. Gabriel was right. Cas looked far from good. Dean’s heart skipped a beat. Black goo was still oozing from Cas’ clothes, his skin white and papery.
Dean looked at Cas, grabbed his hand, and together they started to run towards the tiny golden point at the horizon.
“Cas, I Io–,” his friend faltered, dumbfounded, if Castiel interpreted Dean’s expression correctly. “Uh ... I long for my bed. Thanks, pal. You’re the best,” Dean added, still struggling with his words. “Damn, I love Baby, but I don’t get any younger. This ain’t memory foam.” Turning to open the door, Dean paused. “What about the others?”
Dean woke hungry. Not only had he not eaten anything since last night at the diner, but his body demanded something else. It didn’t help when he remembered the reason his pillow smelt and felt so different than usual.
*****
Dean deserved the angel’s wrath.
Having read it somewhere, Jack still didn't understand the implication of the term 'nostalgia'. So, he decided to ask his family and friends. They probably could help him.
*****
Dean looked beautiful like this, peaceful, even happy. It was a rare occasion nowadays to see Dean’s light shine almost at its full potential and not diminished by the sorrows of the world. But the sleep unleashed the radiance that was normally hidden beneath Dean’s view of himself and the things going on in their daily lives.
“Sam wanted to fly a kite right after the movie. But it was already too dark outside and Sam needed to go to bed. Since we didn’t have a kite, Sully helped me build one while Sam was asleep.” Jack beamed.
Castiel noticed everything, and yet at the same time, he was fully focused on Dean. With their interlaced fingers as a last physical reminder of another lost opportunity, neither of them seemed willing to sever their connection. Letting out a nearly indistinguishable sigh, Dean eventually withdrew his hand and rested it back on his thigh. It felt like a promise, though it could be wishful thinking on his side. After all their shared history, doubt was his constant companion. Had this really just happened?
He heard the little, yet fast, steps only moments before the four-year-old, at least in his best guess, crashed into him and tackled his leg, a big smile on his now far too small little brother’s face looking up at him.
hordes of demons involved, but I don’t know what they have to do with Dean and me, and the formation of our relationship.” Castiel was confused.
“Bullshit! What you told me, Sammy can’t remember that he knows you, though he adores you already. You did great so far. Hell, Kelly trusted you with Jack.” Dean beamed at him. “Do you think I was qualified to look after Sammy when we were kids?” he added in a quieter tone.
. I love you. Dammit, Cas. I love you so fucking much, it hurts.” Tears were finally streaming down his face. “Losing you, fuck ... It–It broke me. Your words and the insane hope to get you back were the only things that kept me going these last months.”
Castiel watched Dean, a habit he had started so many years ago, though never with the premium view he was offered now. Not after Dean had told him off early in their acquaintance. Softly caressing his friend’s – boyfriend’s, Castiel corrected himself, – back, Dean’s breath grew steadier. Like before, he placed a kiss on the hunter’s head, still having trouble believing that all this was true. When Castiel’s lips touched the crown, he suddenly felt something pulling at his mind, at his angelic being. Even though it could not be, as it had been years since he had used this ability and thought it long lost because off the fall, he closed his eyes and let himself be swiped into Dean’s dream.
“Damn, right.” Rufus was the loudest.
“Hell, yes!”
For a short lucid moment, he remembered. Before the nightmares would start again, he needed to remind himself that Dean Winchester was alive. Dean was alive. That was everything he ever wanted. At least, everything he could hope for under the current circumstances.
“Seriously?”
“Donna’s right,” Jody said. “You have to do something. Talk to Cas. Do it now!”
“This is about me being a vessel, right? A potential vessel for you,” Dean sputtered, his head burning with heat. Damn, he probably resembled a tomato by now.
*****
“Wait?” Sam’s irritated voice sounded through the library. “You two idiots still didn’t believe this was real? What did you do all the time you spent together since yesterday? Wait, no. Don’t tell me. I really don’t want to know.”
“I’m good,” Sam answered between his sips.
Moreover, I'm working on my story for a bang and I would like to concentrate on finishing and editing that fic.
While Cas was still staring at the empty spot where Jack had just been, Dean didn’t hesitate. “Do it!”
Carefully, Castiel reached for them, but then, all at once, Dean’s words registered. “You thought
Everyone had given up on Cas. Sure, they had helped, nonetheless. After a month, Sam had accused him of being obsessed like Dad. Eileen had looked at him with sorrow in her eyes, pitying him. Somehow they had looked right through him, put the pieces together and knew exactly what had happened back in the dungeon.
“Oh, no!” Donna gasped, realising her mistake and clasped her hands over her mouth. “I’m so sorry, Claire. My big mouth talked before I could think twice.”
“So you gave the angels the choice,” Sam concluded.
*****
Moreover, it was something he didn’t need to be told twice.
“Hi!”
Dean’s hand fell from Castiel’s face and Castiel immediately missed the touch. “Cas?” his friend asked, frowning. However, Dean got out of the car, following Castiel’s lead willingly, until Dean decided he needed to close the door. “Keys?”
What if Cas realised what was going on?
“But why did you leave so early in the morning?” Cas took over the lead in their investigation.
“Kisses are gross. I don’t like them.” With an exaggerated shudder of his tiny body Sam stated this as a matter of fact, before he excitedly started to bounce up and down. “Do you love Dean? He loves you, you know? He’s been in love with you for a looong time.” Sam gestured with his arms, seemingly trying to visualise the time span. “He doesn’t know I know, but it’s obvious. Will you marry him? I’d like that. A lot!”
“Uh, yes? Sounds totally right to me,” Claire replied, nodding, and the others agreed.
“I’m sorry, Sam,” he said when the younger Winchester slumped into his arms. Carefully, he laid him on the floor while his attention already was back on the other Winchester.
“And I woke,” Castiel finished the story, astonished. He had always wondered what had woken him. All these years, he had thought it had been Jack on his own, unaware of the role Dean had been playing.
Dean felt the ground swaying beneath his feet. What a strange feeling. Strong arms caught him, and Cas’ soothing voice grounded him.
“Yeah, I figured,” Dean deadpanned but then stopped himself. “You’re an asshole, you know? Saying all that, hell, and then ... Leaving me there ...” Dean took a deep breath, trying to keep his emotions at bay. He needed all his wits. He needed Cas to understand, to listen to him. “You never gave me the chance to say it back. Cas, you changed me. Your words, they shifted something in me. But that’s not all. You never judged me. You always looked right through my shit. You love me despite being me.”
With the feeling of Cas’ fingers stroking softly through his hair, an unfamiliar sensation of safety enclosed him, and Dean finally gave in and let sleep catch up with him.
Claire hesitated. She didn’t believe there was a grain of honesty in the witch’s words. Hunter’s instinct. It was a thing. And now it pinged strongly. Claire had seen her last night. Dean had tried to give her a chance, even let her talk, but for what? She’d gotten to him. So, Claire couldn’t risk letting the witch use any of her powers. She had to keep her prisoner or dispose of her, knowing the second option would definitely lift the transformation from Sam. One way or another, they would have to leave the diner together.
“Jodes? Yeah, it’s Dean. ... Hey, I’m no stranger. Listen, we might need a little favour.” Castiel watched his friend talking on the phone, drumming his fingers nervously on the table while he talked to the sheriff. If he wanted, he could listen into their whole conversation, but he trusted Dean to tell him the important information afterwards. This way, he could concentrate more on Dean and have an eye on Sammy and Jack who were playing some game over at one of the other tables.
It's kind of fitting that this chapter falls on this day. It's probably one of my favourite chapters of the fic, if not the favourite.
Leave it to the angel to describe a simple thing as cooking like a freaking scientific research project.
“You already did well when Sammy was a kid and I ...
“Dean, what I am trying to tell you is that I was not successful in my attempt of baking pie and frying burgers.” Cas looked slightly flushed but that would be his embarrassment in not succeeding at such a simple task as making dinner.
Damn it, come here.” Dean opened his arms and invited his friend into them. Cas crushed into him and for a long time, both men held on to each other and didn’t let go.
Drawn towards him, Castiel abandoned his current endeavour and dove upwards, once again meeting his husband’s lips and relishing in the promises and emotions this almost too simple activity held.
His friend let his eyes and hands wander over his body, before he hugged him, brushing a kiss on his cheek. “Can’t decide. All versions of you are breathtaking,” Dean whispered in his ear.
“Breakfast? Dean, it’s 5 pm,” Sam chided him. Even without looking at his brother, he would have known which bitchface he was pulling.
. The one thing Dean had gifted him was Castiel’s most priceless possession. He always kept the tape safe in his coat. It even had survived his stay in the Empty.
There was no answer, but as soon as he had spoken the name he could feel a slight tug inside him. He took a step into the direction of the pull and it gave way only to start anew.
But, at the same time, Dean’s thumb brushed over the back of Castiel’s hand. It gave Castiel hope. Taking a deep breath, he said, “I love you, too, Dean.”
Castiel had never been to a farmers' market in recent times. But taking into consideration what he had read about them and his experiences throughout history, this market sounded very interesting. Moreover, he knew it was exactly something Sam would enjoy.
“Eww!” Sam dramatically performed a retching reflex. “Wrong guy,” his stupid brother eventually managed to stutter.
*****
“Holy shit, Cas!” Dean exclaimed, his eyes even wider than before.
“I love you, Dean Winchester. Don’t you dare die again.” Castiel took Dean’s hand in his, intertwining their fingers, and brushing his thumb over Dean’s knuckles, before he brought their joined hands to his wing, inviting his friend to explore.
“It’s a long story, Sam, for another time and another place.” A hand found his and he turned towards Dean who was beaming at him.
When they reached Dean’s room, Dean stopped and turned towards him. Wiggling his eyebrows seductively to invite him in, Dean tightened the grip on his hand when they finally entered. This step felt huge. The tension between them was still growing, fuelled by years of unresolved want, hopes and dreams, misunderstandings, and deep bonds of friendship. And yet, through all of this he perceived a nervous energy, a fear that this was too good to be true, that soon everything would fall apart. Once again, it threatened to overwhelm him. Had he understood Dean’s intentions the right way? What if he had been completely wrong?
But when Eileen finally arrived at the bunker’s doorstep, flinging herself in his brother’s broad arms, the smile on Sammy’s face said it all. He was happy for them, that at least their story seemed to go into the right direction. After all the shit that had happened to them, Sammy deserved everything he wished for, whether it was an apple pie life with a white picket fence or whatever else he wanted to do with his life. It would be Sammy’s choice, now that they finally were free to live.
Cas, Jodes!
Dean lounged on his bed with his laptop in front of him when he heard a soft thud from outside his door. Turning back to the screen since it probably was nothing more than the old structure of the bunker making the usual strange noises, he tried to concentrate on the things in front of him. However, shortly after, another sound reached his ears, this time some kind of squeaking. There was definitely someone at his door. Better safe than sorry, he grabbed his gun from under his pillow and quietly made his way over to the door. When he arrived there, he cocked his gun and carefully turned the doorknob before yanking the door open just to see … nothing? There was just the vast empty hallway in front of him.
“Look who’s finally arriving to join me for the interesting part of the night.” She grinned at them.
“Truer words might never have been spoken,” Cas replied with a smirk.
Sam chuckled and headed down the road.
“Fuck! I love you.” He didn’t mean to say it. It just happened.
“Yes, Dean. I do love you and from now on I won’t ever stop repeating it. You need to know. You deserve to know. And even though you want to squirm out of this ‘chick-flick moment’ you won’t be able to stop me from saying it.”
“Actual weed, not this heavenly stuff,” Ash shouted from the billiard table.
“Thanks, Sherlock. Don’t tell me that when we have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth. The impossible is what we do day to day. We had Chuck frying pancakes in the bunker. For God’s sake – literally! Cas, you’re an angel who just returned from the realm of another cosmic entity. And I’ve given up hope that it can’t get any weirder. There is no impossible for us.”
“Thought so. At least let us know when you’re done with the hunt.”
angel’s embrace. Dean had always been better with action anyway, so he dove in and once again brought their mouths together.
He was so desperate for this man, angel ... for Cas he even was down to begging for a kiss, still too afraid this could all be a dream to initiate it himself. He ...
It wasn’t as if he hadn’t successfully stimulated this body before but this was different. Something he hadn’t expected to this extent.
*****
, Dean wanted to say, but, of course, what that wasn’t what he shot back at Cas instead. “Fuck off!”
*****
Reaching the car, he pushed Dean with his back against the front door, crowding him. His hands were on Dean’s face, in his hair. Their mouths found each other and this time, nothing stopped them.
Cas arms flew around him, and both of them probably wept while they buried their faces into each other’s necks. This damn angel had turned him into a fucking emotional train wreck.
“What you think I’m doing?” Dean grumbled. Rolling his eyes at her, he returned to chopping vegetables. Dean and vegetables? Things got weirder and weirder.
yesterday and so Sam wanted to fly a kite,” Jack explained.
Following the feeling that pulled him towards his friend, he passed Dean’s room without a second thought and turned straight to the library where he found the human cowering in the darkest corner of the somehow dark room, looking absolutely devastated. Turning around, Castiel spotted a light switch which lit a single table lamp and only enhanced the room’s gloomy appearance.
“Yeah, you scared us. Thankfully, Jack was there. He said you’d be fine and vanished. Though he promised to be back today.”
Life certainly did, though in his physical state Dean wouldn’t even shoot the baddy this time. He had let the witch escape and had failed once again.
“Hello, Dean.”
*****
An evil snicker breached the silence. “Oh, does it hurt you? Does it hurt you to lose? Does it hurt you to see him die? Good. Very good,” the entity snarled, a mocking of Meg’s lilt. “That’s very good.”
“Don’t ever name your kid after me. Just don’t!” Dean had broken free from their hug and looked at his brother sternly, underlining his words with a raised index finger. “Seriously, don’t!”
Dean panicked; he jumped up, gripped Cas' hand tightly, and pulled the angel to his feet, ready to flee the kitchen. “You. Me. Out. There,” Dean blurted out, pointing with his free hand over his shoulder to the door.
“What if you could have it? What if you always could have had it?” Dean whispered and gasps erupted around the table.
Nothing happened but he started to jog. Hope was stirring in him. The pull was stronger than ever. He ran. Time might not exist in this realm but he couldn’t wait any longer. If this was really Cas, he needed to be with him as soon as possible.
Spam, obviously. His numbed brain had prompted his finger to click and delete the mail before he realised who had send it. Slowly, his thoughts caught up on the information in the mail header.
He needed to keep his fucking shit together. Keeping himself from bursting through the door, afraid of startling Sammy, Dean slowly opened it and peeked into the dark room which was empty. Of course it was empty, unless he counted the books.
“What makes you think I’d be interested? You‘re quite confident you’re my type.” Why should only the witch have the fun?
Suddenly, the witch’s expression changed, hate in her eyes while a crazy grin spread across her face. “I should have known. People who are close acquaintances of Rowena’s always reek of trouble.”
“You came,” Dean said, huskily, his voice merely a whisper.
“What?” Dean cried out.
given everything to make sure of that. This last sacrifice would allow Dean a chance to live the life he always had wished for. The life Dean always had deserved to live.
“Shut up, asshole!” Dean grinned and shoved his friend with his elbow. “I meant every word of it.”
Cas was up faster than Dean could look, crushing the kid into a heartfelt hug. At first, Jack’s arms hang lose at his sides, reminding him of Cas so many years ago, but they slowly hugged Cas back. Cas had tears running down his face and Dean could feel his own eyes welling up again. Seeing those two together, Dean’s gut cramped both with happiness and guilt, threatening to crush him. He had been so close to killing Jack, time and again. Jack who he loved like a son. What did that tell about him? And still Cas deemed him worth loving. Cas loved him and had forgiven him.
Fear encompassed him in the face of the unknown. Dread was tugging at his whole being. Whatever this was, it was nothing benevolent.
Not wanting to lose another precious moment to be lost in explanations of why and how he was here, Castiel touched his friend’s forehead with two fingers, sending him into a deep sleep.
“Damn it! No, I didn’t ask him. I didn’t talk to him. What should I say? Hey, buddy, did you mean what you told me, before the Empty, you know, swallowed you whole? If you remember anything at all, that is.”
Impatiently, Dean grabbed his lapels and pulled him down. Castiel relented and closed the gap, swallowing the words Dean was about to utter when he locked his lips with Dean’s.
*****
Eileen looked up, frowning, and Cas started to sign. Her eyes flickered towards him, still following Cas’ narrative, while her expressions grew grimmer.
However, before they headed there, he and Cas wanted to visit the families of those victims who weren’t single and without any other family ties, at least those families who happened to live in the county.
“What, Cas?” Dean returned. “The bunker’s the safest place I can think of. And he left it with them to fly a fucking kite!”
Lost in each other, time passed by. Maybe it was minutes, maybe hours. Castiel couldn’t tell. Technically he still was able to pinpoint the exact moment in time but he hadn’t paid attention. Nothing could be more important than the man in his arms.
Dean replied with a friendly nudge. “Smug bastard! I’m trying to talk to you. This shit is harder than anything I faced before.”
“I love you, too, Dean.” It almost sounded like a question.
“You came back. You always fought until you came back, until we got you back. Until
When he was spent, Dean looked at Castiel happily, radiating a confidence and contentment Castiel had rarely seen on him. It was beautiful. Dean's whole being shone brighter than ever. If this was what sexual intercourse provided, Castiel looked forward to the next time they engaged in it.
“Damn right. Your full name is such a mouth full,” Dean exclaimed across the room.
*****
– my head didn’t hurt anymore.”
Right now, they were clearing up the barn. He had offered to take care of it on his own but Sam and Dean had insisted on doing it the “normal” way. Burning the whole building would have been the easiest way to get rid of both the bodies and the evidence, but Dean had been vehemently against it. He had argued that the barn had become an anchor to reality for him. After what had happened earlier, Castiel and Sam had looked at each other and mutually decided to go along with it. So now, Dean was building a makeshift pyre behind the barn that would suffice the need to burn the bodies while he and Sam took care of the rest.
“Yup,” Dean smirked. “Sam and I stayed in regular school through the first and second films, coming back when possible so we could be normal. But soon... well, our life was just too different from the other kids. And it was getting awkward fitting the travel in. Mom pulled us from school, got us a tutor. I started enjoying learning a bit more after that.”
"Yeah, plus with the two of you it should be really cool and fun."
"Yes, I won't say anything until Saturday. They will be surprised to be both waiting for me and once I arrive in front of them I give them a huge hug that they will have to give me back. Then, during the journey, I send messages every hour for a report and if they argue I give them my best behaviour as a sad child".
Dean raised his hand to stop her rambling, she was not in a good mood which was still new to him, as she was usually as cheerful as a sunflower in summer and her references would be better received. The only difference between this angel and his was that she understood these references whereas Cas was more the type to bend her head to the side in a lovely way. He got lost in his thoughts when he finished Caroline always looked at him a little more calmly.
"Great look ''.
"Sam too"
Sam glances in the rear view mirror and Caroline stops typing on her screen for a moment to stare at Sam, then back at her phone.
"Cas and I owe you a favour, we're trying to finish up as soon as possible to get to you both."
"Sammy is an idiot who thinks that eating rabbit food is normal! So, whatever you've been thinking should be okay in a little while. "
"What kind of game?" said Sam.
"Sorry I scared you, I can come back if you're busy. "
"Speaking of the wolf... Uh no, it's Dean. Ok I'll tell him, don't worry Jody, say hi to the others for me. Yeah, I'll try and talk to Sam, but I assure you..."
A pause and then she froze completely, which made Dean smile, because Jody was a little piece of woman who could make angels very human.
"I'm sorry, I'm sorry... "
"Oh so excuse me for trying to keep some privacy for myself, I don't have to reveal every single thing I do Sam! "
This look had the effect of making Sam even angrier, he reached over and slipped one of his hands on the hip of the angel who was trying not to show his surprise, he fixed the three men with a death stare and they quickly scurried away like rabbits. Jack looked happily at his two "parents" before releasing his grip on Caroline's arm, while Sam continued to hold her hip which made her blush even more as they started walking in the direction of their home. Jack took a discreet photo and sent it to Dean with a description of what had happened, he received a message within minutes saying he was proud of him and that he would be getting a super burger when they got back to the bunker.
"So? Is it serious?"
"Thank you, Jack chose it for me because he told me that my usual clothes were going to be awkward so I trusted him''.
"Last night you were crying, you kept saying I'm sorry. "
Sam seems surprised that she would ask but he remembers what she said before she left.
"Let's get started, and when we're done we'll meet in my room for a briefing and maybe some more."
Dean didn't want to know but it was to help and not spoil his genius plan, he felt her freeze and he could see her lose her smile for two seconds, she pretended nothing had happened by clearing her throat and smiling at him again.
He walks out of the room, really disappointed because he expected better than silence from her.
"And then who is it? "
"Sam, it's just a trip to the beach with Jack, two adults are better than one."
"Of course, honey, Sam and Caroline have been avoiding each other for 3 weeks. Sam has finally come to terms with his break-up with Eileen while Caroline just refuses to admit her feelings like a certain person who was convinced he couldn't have me," says Dean looking at him lovely.
They were all surprised, including Caroline and Sam, she tightened her hand around Jack's grip on her arm.
"He went to see Jack, to explain the situation."
Cas took a seat on their bed and tapped the seat next to him, Dean sat down and looked worriedly at his angel.
"Of course it's working, remember your part? "
" We told Jack on Saturday and we planned to stay in a bungalow in Siesta Beach, Florida for 3/4 days."
"Yeah, but what does this have to do with Sam?"
"Don't worry, Cas, Jack will be as good as a picture," said Sam.
Jody had probably hung up because of the way she was looking at her phone, Dean made a mental note to invite Jody and the girls to thank them for their help which was not part of his plan. Caroline sighed and leaned against one of the desks to look at Dean, she pursed her lips and raised an eyebrow.
"Everything's all right," Dean asked, quite surprised by the scene in front of him.
" Of course, Florida beaches are famous for their beautiful oceans and the sky should be on our side for a moment of tanning."
Caroline fluttered her eyes and they turned brown again.
"Caroline has a problem, apparently men are bothering her and she can't get rid of them. "
"You can tell me, you don't have to hide it, we're all here to help you."
"Mum, eh? You look pretty good for a mother! "said one of the men, looking her up and down.
"Truth or dare? "
He didn't have time to finish when a sound of broken glass spread across the room and two cutlery drawers flew across the room without anyone touching them. All eyes turned to one and the same person. Caroline looked at the broken cup in her hand, no wounds just from the glass and empty eyes.
In a blink of an eye she was gone, Sam cursed himself for making the situation even worse. He was an idiot but with her he was going from idiot to huge asshole, he really wasn't doing it on purpose to mess with her but ever since she'd revealed her true identity he'd just found it hard to believe her, he knows she was doing her best to remember and she didn't expect to be accepted for who she really was. Who would have thought that she was the first prototype of the angels and that Chuck had tried to put her under his absolute control to fight them. The plan had totally failed and now they were both fighting and never figured out how to reconcile back to the way they were.
" That's exactly what I came to see"
He found it exactly where he wanted it, a storage room with some old offices that she was renovating so that they could use it later. She was standing with a book in a foreign language, perhaps Latin, Dean thought to himself, in one hand and in the other her phone was sticking to her ear. Dean remained silent at the door waiting for her to notice it, she put the open book on the desk in front of her and turned her back, she didn't seem to notice him. Dean could tell that the person she was talking to was making her quite uncomfortable.
She returned to her usual smile and her brown eyes regained their calm tone.
"You mean it's..."
"No, he wanted to talk to me about something, so I listened."
He doesn't want to go back to sleep but sleep catches up with him so quickly that when he wakes up again, Jack is already up and ready to go and Caroline is outside talking to him. He hurriedly changes and they set off again, Sam can't stop thinking about what happened last night. Who could have been the one to ask for forgiveness.
Jack pokes his head through the bedroom door and looks at Sam.
A simple enough question, not surprising since they need to avoid getting into it in front of Jack.
"Jack, remember to be polite and a good boy," Castiel said.
"Going to the beach is waiting for the three of you. Cas and I will finish our work as soon as possible and join you in this corner of paradise".
She looks at her phone lying next to her.
"Yes, Dean, they've arrived. Do you want to talk to Sam?" she raised her eyebrows as she looked at Sam then handed the phone to Sam which he took, she led Jack up to their room.
Jack moved forward and ran towards Caroline, he pushed one of the men and grabbed one of Caroline's arms. He has a plan and he's going to stick to it, his men are going to leave quickly.
He didn't need his angelic power to understand that she was really lying as badly as Sam was when he was seven years old. Cas arrives at the door of the room and looks at Dean with his famous I NEED TO TALK NOW look, Dean smiles a little and then leaves with Cas to their room.
She started to walk away, he reached up and grabbed her elbow then turned her towards him, they found themselves stuck together, Caroline turned red and backed away suddenly as if being near Sam had burned her. She backs up to the door and then she seems to remember that she doesn't have to go through it, she disappears again in a blink.
"Dean, I don't know what you are planning to do but what is all this supposed to mean? I thought it was just me and Jack."
Jack gives his parents a hug before leaving for the garage with Caroline and the cooler. Sam stayed to fix the contents of the drawers to the floor.
-----------
She turned and he saw big frightened brown eyes and her mouth kept opening and closing as if she couldn't get the words out she wanted, she remained silent and turned her head towards the door again.
She turns to him without saying anything, seeming to examine Sam to see what he's thinking, she sighs then sits up so that she's looking at the road ahead.
"No we didn't fight, I promise you... Yes you can call Dean to make sure." She finally turns around but frowns when she sees Dean at the door smiling.
Dean took Castiel's chin and bent it to place a tender kiss on his lips.
"Jody says hello. Dean you're up to something, aren't you? I see some mischief and I might not be sure I want to know in case I don't like it."
"You know we don't have to play this game when Jack's asleep, if you have any questions ask them and I'll see if any can be answered"
"Yes, a day between two adults who strangely aren't getting along very well right now."
The trip to Nashville was long and Jack had woken up asking where Caroline had gone, he had to explain, lying, that she had gone to wait at the motel because the drive had made her nauseous. Jack nodded silently and then spent the rest of the drive on his phone, probably talking to Claire by message. They arrived in Nashville in the middle of the evening and planned to leave early the next morning, arriving at Siesta Beach in the early afternoon. Caroline was outside the motel on the phone with someone, Jack came out first and Sam did the same, he stopped a few steps away from her, guessing from the conversation who it was.
"I'm waiting for some people, she shouldn't be long."
The wind starts to blow outside, which is strange because just a minute ago there was none, the wind blows and the rain comes down quite hard blurring Sam's view of the road. He looks at Caroline who has closed her eyes to breathe calmly, she opens them gently and the rain stops falling and returns to fairly normal weather.
Castiel rolled his eyes and summarized their, uncorrected, "Super Plan à la Winchester written and validated by Dean", a plan that was far too long if you wanted his opinion. Dean would go and talk to Caroline and Cas to Sam, claiming that Jack needed to go to the beach but that they, the loving parents of their beloved son who were also part of the plot, couldn't, because they had had an "impediment".
She gently removed Sam's hand from her hip, thinking that he wasn't going to say anything as he was about to arrive, instead Sam clutched her hand and interlocked his fingers with hers, he smiled happily and she looked at his smile as if it was the most beautiful thing in the world, it was the only thing in her world that made her fall more deeply in love with him.
The drive to Florida was going to be long and quiet Jack thought, he was going to drive to Nashville and then stop at a motel for the night, he was in the back of the car while the two adults were in the front, Caroline on her phone texting someone and Sam focusing on the road. It was time to be a kid to avoid boredom creeping in on the trip to Siesta Beach.
"Dean who was the closest person to the power of God when we met him?"
"Yeah unfortunately, we think we're done for tomorrow night," Dean says sighing with fatigue.
"Good question, Cas, what are we both gonna do here?"
Sam sighed a huge sigh and looked at his brother a little more calmly.
"I'm worried about Sam, it's nothing really serious, just... Maybe I had a fight with him about something and we've been avoiding each other for three weeks.
"What is your worst fear? "
"It's almost time to go, Jack's running a little late, I wonder where he is?"
"What is the thing you're most ashamed of? "
"You must have been dreaming Sam, it's nice of you to worry about me but I clearly didn't do any of those things you talk about."
Sam was about to answer when Jack arrived happily, he pulled the handle on Caroline and Sam to give them a huge hug which they gave awkwardly. They separated and Jack stared curiously at Caroline.
"We owe him a lot more than you expected."
"All right, when we get to the beach, I'll send you the rest of the plan."
The instincts of the older brothers as protectors were awakened, but were soon calmed by Castiel.
"Okay Riley, tell Joy, Sadness, Fear, Disgust and Anger to make room for a newcomer."
"Jack is coming, let's make peace in front of him and you can keep avoiding me and cursing me after we get home."
"Go for a truth or dare, although I think it's going to be more of a truth or dare since we're in the car" Caroline says
