Fingers tugged at his roots a bit too hard and he lowered his arm, unaware he had started to begin with. “You didn’t have to.”
His skin throbbed as he helped Rosie through her night routine, and he was momentarily grateful that they’d chosen to make baths a morning activity in the Watson-Holmes household. The thought of the Watson portion being held in a cell at New Scotland Yard for such a ridiculous understanding- an apologetic cupping of the shoulder interpreted as the start of an attack- made him queasy. Sherlock was grateful when Rosie fell asleep easily against his side and he held her tight. When he slipped into unconsciousness, it was without his evening meds, his hair detangled or his evening tea. Without his John.
“Gavin, get off him! Mycroft, bloody do something!” Sherlock demanded, and Donovan was doing her best to block off his line of sight, but his height put her at an insurmountable disadvantage.
His husband’s eyes remained closed, and John could see a small bruise on his temple. Nothing to write home about, and John would have sent a patient complaining of such a small bump home with a prescription for a bag of frozen peas and putting on a pair of big kid pants. But this was Sherlock, and the question wasn’t always what he injured but how it came to be.
It was a great medication for Sherlock, even if it didn’t, and John recognized that. As a nerve pain medication and a mood stabilizer, controlling the seizures might as well be the cherry on top. Unfortunately, no amount of it could stave off what had been a long time coming, which was a stronger drug.
Sherlock swished the remaining third of tea around in his mug, eyes locked on the way it swirled around to almost the rim of the cup but never over. John wondered absently if Sherlock did it because it was one of the last things left he could control. “We used to have sex every night.”
Sherlock’s Adam’s apple bobbed. “Yours.” And then his expression faltered, confidence visibly waning. “Still yours.”
“Now Rosie, that isn’t very funny at all. Tell me, why did you kick Lovey?” The doctor asked sternly, now itching to conduct his own examination at the first opportunity. “You know he has ouches. Why did you give him more?”
“It wasn’t an impulse, John.” Sherlock sighed. “I merely confided in Winifred that I’d been considering this modification for some time and she encouraged me to act. If it means anything, she had one done as well. A beehive for baby William.”
” John whispered harshly, the equivalent of the start of a screaming row for people that have small children. And if John had any bad habit in particular, it was resorting to screaming rows. “
“No.”... “if you’re feeling pain, then it
“I am not
, finally came home.
“This-“ John swallowed hard, resisting the urge to gag on the words. “-it’s looking like this is as good as it gets.”
One gorgeous eye opened to make it clear, with only a brief look, that John was an idiot. “Child proof? Yes. Rosie proof? Not even close.”
Four months of utter hell that rivaled rehab and Moriarty and- God, John Watson couldn’t think of anything else that could compare. No, it was worse than all of it. In rehab he had a support system of physiotherapists, counselors, and Sherlock. When they went up against Jim Moriarty they did it together with all of Mycroft’s resources at their disposal. This time, the posh bastard was nowhere to be found and all of John’s calls were either dismissed by an assistant of an assistant, or reached numbers no longer in service.
“Look at you,” John murmured, stroking Sherlock’s tangled hair. “My God, are you all mine?”
“Jawn,” Sherlock moaned, and John still could not begin to fathom why he ever said John’s name that way. In that voice.
“-shock the pants off of me if there’s a problem, yeah I gathered as much.” He grunted, trying to overcome the disorienting sensation that he was hanging three feet off the ground by where his arms were wrapped around Sherlock’s neck. “Wait, what was that sound?”
Sherlock raised his brows and not his lip playfully. “Oh, that? They’re the temporarily attached metal taps on the stabilizers to assist in associating the electrode pattern with the braces making ground contact. In conjunction with any reverberation that manages to travel upwards past your point of injury, it should gradually lessen your anxiety and uncertainty regarding each step.” His otherwise casual tone quickly became serious and a bit grave. “John, I implore you, do be confident in your steps. Without proper momentum the cane won’t be enough to stabilize you and the joints will have no movement. Understood?”
“No, not really.” John said, even though it was only a half truth. “His tolerance is through the roof. If I wasn’t administering his tramadol or morphine myself, I wouldn’t know. The pain takes more out of him than the pills do.”
“Yes we did.” John said stubbornly, and clapped his hands against his knees as he stood. “And I’m not having this conversation again.”
“Well alright.” He looked at Sherlock’s sleeping form. “For one, a larger bed with a separate adjustable base on each side. Something that can help him sit up or prop his legs to take pressure off his lower back when it gives him such trouble. One of those rolling trays as well, for his laptop or case files.” Mycroft explained. “I’m not sure what either of you prefer as far as mattress type so I’d like to think something that adjusts to Sherlock’s preferred level of firmness that day, with a remote, would be well received. I’ve got one and it really is quite nice.”
Contrary to what John expected, Sherlock didn’t argue and kept up his chipper attitude through dinner. The pleasant company continued for the remainder of the evening and Sherlock gave John a luxurious massage before bed. Despite being sore and a bit anxious for a reason he couldn’t place, John felt like things were finally getting back to pre revenge-of-Moriarty normal at 221B.
Of all the lines of questioning he predicted she would choose, this was not one of them. At least she was kind enough to give him an out in the form of an inaccurate depiction of circumstances. The implications of her actual point twisted his gut in knots even the world’s most experienced sailor couldn’t untangle.
The doctor sighed and ran his fingers through his unkempt hair. “You do know- Greg, you need to understand that I don’t blame you for anything. For how he is now. Jesus, I’m grateful he walked away with his life.”
As a rule, John left the concern over Rosie’s nearly white curly hair to Sherlock.
John had made sure that Mycroft understood that.
waste the effort?
What would it do to a child to lose the person that looked at them as if they were the hot sun that arrived during a bone chilling desert night? And how was John supposed to go on knowing that, given all the ways he had hurt Sherlock in the Mary era of their lives, Rosie truly had done exactly that? John was appropriately ashamed that the child of himself and his late wife was the only offering he had unintentionally given.
“God, why do I ever let you stop doing this?” Sherlock said with a moan.
“Glad I caught you,” The forensic tech said breathlessly. “got some advice for you.”
When he said that, he meant it. Not just while under John but every moment of every day, Sherlock was more beautiful than any person, painting, sculpture, or natural wonder that had ever been or ever would be. How anyone could look at Sherlock- how John himself could look at Sherlock- without falling to their knees was absolutely impossible to understand. Still, people stood. Buildings and mountains and redwood forests stood. John himself stood. Perhaps it was a standing ovation. There was no other possible explanation of all the facts.
“You said I didn’t have to sleep.” Sherlock pouted and he could not have been more relieved to see his husband’s beautiful face distorted with something other than pain.
“For which one of us?” John joked and Doctor Fletcher chuckled a little, all too aware that one restless partner could deprive both of much needed rest.
The cool off period had consisted of being released from his cuffs soon after Sherlock shut himself in their bedroom, but still being escorted out to Greg’s squad car and brought back to The Yard for a lecture. A silent lecture, consisting of his friend’s- and Sally Donovan’s- judgmental looks. It was likely more
“This isn’t a pension or disability coverage,” for the most part. He chose not to mention the policy the Holmeses had taken out years before. “It’s trust fund money. Old wealth and posh public schooling with rowing teams and Oxbridge after passing A levels. It’s not any part of my world.”
“I don’t want to.” Sherlock finally said, after several minutes of silence.
“Watson-“ A disembodied voice called out as he neared the front door, and he turned towards the sound only to frown.
“You. Don’t. Get it.” John huffed, and shook his head, his voice high and strained. “You can’t get it. You’ve got no idea how painful it was to watch you die.”
John cringed then groaned in near pain and Mrs Hudson swatted his arm.
Or maybe a sunflower. A golden haloed gorgeous monstrosity rising above John in so many ways right before his eyes.
John opened one eye to glare at him with. “I don’t think I care. Go to sleep.”
“That wasn’t-“ His voice sounded small, yet not nearly as small as he felt. “It wasn’t my fault, John. I didn’t ask for this. Aren’t you the one who always tells me that I didn’t do anything wrong?” That there wasn’t anything he could have done that was bad enough to deserve
and Sherlock wasn’t stupid enough to believe it was anything more than an empty platitude. But the sound of their distressed daughter calling out for him won out and he turned on his heel, stalking into the bedroom and locking the door behind him. If they couldn’t be with John, they would be with no one.
“Doctor Holmes, Mister Holmes, Mister Holmes,” Kathleen Fletcher nodded to them in order, last resting on the still sleeping Sherlock and allowing herself a bit of a chuckle. “Look at what mess you’ve made for yourself this time. Can’t keep doing this, Sherlock.” She spoke to him as if he was conscious even though all evidence showed that he wasn’t. “Well, Doctor Holmes, this seems a bit open and shut to me. No grand mal seizure, no aspiration, nothing abnormal on the MRI or during the pelvic exam- all Sherlock really needs is to stay hydrated, rest up and stop being so obnoxiously resistant to taking his medication. It’s a pill, not a hand grenade. You won’t let him take too much.” She said with the type of confidence earned from being one of the best in her field. “Even if they were grenades, they would be very tiny ones.
John let his hand drop, landing it on Sherlock’s quivering shoulder, and his expression softened minutely. His lips parted, either about to say something consoling or about to kiss him. That never came to be and suddenly John wasn’t there, and was instead pushed over the desk- over his own laptop and Rosie’s scrapbook- with cuffs being slapped onto his wrists.
“And, you weren’t shot four years ago only to flatline on the operating table then go into cardiac arrest again the following day.”
“Oh god,” John loosened his hold on her enough for Rosie to finally get away and he put his head in his hands and brushed back his stringy hair. “That girl is going to give me a heart attack. A stomach ulcer at the very least.”
John awoke with a start before dawn, as he always did. The dream didn’t allow him to sleep past three or four in the morning, leaving plenty of time to shower, shave, brush his teeth, comb his hair, dress in the clothes he kept in the linen closet and stare at himself in the mirror with the hope that he would walk back into their flat and find out all of that night’s horror was contained to one disgusting dream.
“Yes,” John answered plainly, because it was the truth. And he continued to rub Sherlock’s neck and shoulders, noting the way the flesh became more malleable with the expert kneading. Being an army surgeon had required extensive knowledge of the muscular skeletal system, which left his information on neurological disorders sorely lacking. While he regretted not paying more attention to the recent advancements in the field, at least he could do give Sherlock the pleasure of expert hands that belonged to someone who loved him so so so terribly much.
Nodding thoughtfully, instead of jumping high enough to touch the ceiling and cheering with victory, John took a few sips of his tea while he let a new idea turn over in his head. “It must be the morphine. The oxycodone hasn’t had enough time to make any difference. Do you think we might need to call Doctor Fletcher and see if she would be willing to increase the dosage of your morphine tablets instead? They’re not as strong but perhaps they could be a better daily option than something that you’re afraid to take because it might knock you on your arse. The beast you know and all that.”
She wasn’t and it only took a bit longer than it usually would for John to reach the inner circle of Regent’s Park. For an older woman with a bad hip that spent a disproportionate amount of time chasing after a four year old, Mrs Hudson didn’t slow him down very much and John was in more of a mood for a leisurely stroll anyways. Although, those days, walking anywhere without the strain of a wheelchair in front of him or having to make sure his arm was flexed for Sherlock to collapse into at any time just so they could get down the halls of St Barts sounded far more than leisurely. It was luxurious.
“Mr Holmes- No, Sherlock. You are Sherlock and I am Fletch right now.” She stuttered a bit but set her jaw with an equal amount of resolve. “Quite frankly, you don’t have much of a fucking choice. Either you do this and return to some sense of normalcy that will give you at least part of your life back, or you will be facing a degree of disability that will continue to increase in severity with every collapse on the steps. If I’ve gotten to know you at all since you were first in the hospital after your accident, and if you lose any more of who you are, you will much rather be dead. You’ve continued to think about it and do not lie to me, to your husband or to yourself and say you haven’t.”
been skipping over anything containing acetaminophen.”
“God, John, I am not a child. I can take a shower by myself. Or I could if you kindly got out of the way and let me rise from this bed.” He grumbled and John stood, pulling the tray with him. “You act as if I am some type of naive fairytale princess that never learned to turn on the taps by herself.”
“How have your pain levels been over the last week, Mr Holmes?” Doctor Fletcher asked, looking at Sherlock with the same tight lipped smile that she always wore while dealing with her moodiest patient of the day. Oftentimes, her only patient of the day.
Sherlock’s smile was wide and bright, so much more so than he’d been for months, and John wondered if it was cruel letting him get any more worked up only for the inevitable disappointment. His hatred for the leg braces had softened over time into distaste and then just plain acceptance with a twinge of resentment but that didn’t mean he would enjoy using them. Not even if they were fancy, new and looked
John gestured at the floor in exasperation, because how could it not be clear? “I’m an adult. I’m a husband and a father and I’m supposed to support my family, not accept handouts so I can lounge on my arse all day.”
Doctor Fletcher gave John an expectant look and he sighed, shaking his head and untangling one of Sherlock’s arms so he could begin to massage the sensation out of the hand nearest to him. It annoyed Sherlock into at least a seven on the
“Of course not, John. Don’t be an idiot.” He said. “These are for locks of Rosie’s baby hair. Our daughter does have quite a lot that needs to be cut, I’m afraid. The breakage is becoming quite unfortunate.”
The very mail he had no problem fetching every day except this piece of mail took him so suddenly by surprise. Granted, John had known in an abstract sense that- yes- Mycroft managed Sherlock’s finances and allowed him only what it took to cover his bills, food and transportation, whatever that was at the time. There was a direct deposit into Sherlock’s personal account every month that John didn’t think too much about as he wrote out checks for every other utility while Sherlock paid the rent. That was their deal and he had been able to cope with that. It worked well for them. John worked at the surgery, Sherlock took cases and they split the care responsibility for Rosie approximately 40/60. They had a system.
“Goodie,” He groaned. “Can’t wait.”
“John, I didn’t mean-“ He reached to rub his
In that way, it was Sherlock’s sweetest secret resting in John’s hands and profound trust being demonstrated that he would never break it. That he would never so much as bring it up.
“John, I’m sorry.” Sherlock said, unsure what else to do when no one made any move to uncuff his husband. “It was stupid. I shouldn’t have-“
John’s daughter’s grin was wide and she tucked her chin towards her chest reminiscent of the way Mary had looked when she was trying not to laugh. “Ice!”
Truth be told, some days he couldn’t. It was rare, sure, but when his hands cramped and pain shot through each tiny bone, it was a lost cause. On those days, John would take a second shower just so Sherlock would slip in to join him. There was nothing else to do about it.
“… so they shock me?”
“No, let me-“ He adjusted, imagining Sholto scolding him for even a slight slouch and felt for a moment like he was going to fall before a minute movement stabilized him once more. “There. Done yet?” John snipped.
“It was nice? That’s wonderful.” He said, and penguin walked over to the kitchen table to set down the takeaway and packages so he could perch Rosie on his hip. “Why was it nice? What did you do?”
They’d all needed a distraction.
The idea still made John dizzy.
“He won’t be there.” John said, hiding his sigh as a groan from his old bones protesting rising out of the chair. “We should get going in case we can’t get a cab right away.”
Oh, forgetting was never a good idea when it came to Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock
The doctor said her goodbyes and quickly a nurse came with a few pills that John recognized and a nasal spray. Mycroft took the place of where the doctor and nurse had stood and was obviously putting on a brave face. “It seems you’ll finally have to take that stair lift on its maiden voyage if you have any intention of getting to your flat. I would have Anthea run for a bottle of champagne but I think Mrs Hudson would appreciate it if we saved her the mess.”
The next thing that should have rang louder on John’s radar was the presence of cardstock and ribbon swatches on Sherlock’s desk, but as he fretted over Sherlock crawling all over the sitting room floor at Rosie’s insistence that they play lions, it was hardly a priority. It may have skimmed the surface of his mind for a moment or two before John decided to blame nostalgia. They’d used the same card stock and ribbon samples for their wedding invitations as well as all of Rosie’s birthdays and Sherlock’s parents' fiftieth anniversary party. Reminiscing over those times was a perfectly acceptable use of time, so John let it go.
Sherlock didn’t care that he’d been in agony or that his mental state was altered in tiny ways that flayed open the membranes around his carefully bagged up emotions- what Sherlock cared about was that John had to watch it happen.
It wasn’t.
Sherlock pulled back only slightly,  spotting him. “Lean a bit more to your left and adjust your cane accordingly. Yes, right there.”
Sherlock gave a slow nod, thankfully not wincing which John took to be a good sign. “I’m absolutely fine, John. It just seems our daughter inherited two things from you, and your flair for the dramatics is both of them.”
He thought, but contained himself as best he could. John would not yell at him when he was in pain, which was terribly cumbersome given that he only ever wanted to yell at Sherlock, anymore, when he was causing himself pain. Or, in that particularly vile instance, allowing John to do so.
Ice? Why on earth would she be demanding-
“Honestly John, this is a monumental choice that will be remembered for the rest of our families lives, the least you could do is not force me to make the final decision by myself.” Sherlock said, the anxiety evident in his voice.
“They’re revolutionary, John!” Sherlock said excitedly as he pulled the pieces out of an excessive amount of foam packing peanuts.
“Yes.”
“Seeing me in hospital must be the best part of your week,” Sherlock coughed off to one side and John patted his back, cautious since the pills hadn’t seemed to go down very easily.
John pulled the already comfortable man into his arms, squishing into a crushing embrace that he hadn’t felt safe giving him in far too long. “Me neither, but pushing yourself into something that isn’t pleasurable for either of us isn’t any kind of solution. The sooner you cooperate, the sooner things might get back to some semblance of normalcy.”
“Mhmm,” Sherlock answered, his actual words muffled in John’s jumper.
A small smile hid John’s broken heart and he shook the dish, which was rewarded by the jingle of two identical bells and soft padding up the steps. Sherlock insisted the bells were tuned differently and he could tell which cat was approaching by the sound but John never heard it. Perhaps the sound of gunshots had done more damage than he realized. As long as John could hear Sherlock’s violin, nothing else mattered.
Sherlock was already in enough pain to wake him from the sleep his body finally insisted on needing and John quickly set to work, a task that he was fortunate to perform in two ways. First, it kept Sherlock from throwing a fit over the nurse that Mycroft hired that entered their bedroom one morning with that same tray and a chipper attitude. Isabelle lasted less than twenty minutes after that. Second, it gave John what little control could be afforded in such a situation. It was a placebo effect,
(See the end of the chapter for
He did take the two tramadol offered, not suffering enough to justify morphine, and didn’t protest too terribly much when John helped him up only to guide him to the sofa.
John checked his watch to verify when it was time to abandon the only cuppa he would drink hot that day and made his way back to the kitchen. It wasn’t about him anymore.
And it was what happened, the interaction again forgotten.
“Take Sherlock out of Baker Street and you might as well take away his experiments, cases, violin, and everything else that makes him who he is in favor of giving him a loaded gun.” John said bluntly, having gone from nearly breathless to defensive and steadfast in his decision to keep his husband at home. “He’s done remarkably well given the circumstances and we are going to get his pain under control. Doctor Fletcher should be in soon enough and she’ll have suggestions or tell us to start using the oxycodone before things get so bad or just- something else, alright? We can make this work, but we can’t do it by leaving 221B. Install whatever the hell you want, I don’t care anymore, but don’t ask me to do this. When Sherlock wakes up he is going to be upset and confused and once they’ve handled his pain then we are going to go home and I want him to know that our flat is going to be our home for a very very long time. It’s where- God, it’s the place he feels safe. In the midst of all of this, Sherlock deserves to feel safe.”
“Please, no.” His voice was quiet and strained. “An oxycodone. I’ll take it.”
John jumped a little when the first points that were designed for shock did just that, and the following vibrations tickled enough for him to hold back a laugh that made an odd noise in his throat. “Christ, these things are weird- and look at these legs. It’s like I have kickstands.”
Despite the knowledge that Sherlock’s injury was decidedly
“No thank you,” John said, realizing that if he didn’t take the cane or agreed, the chef would be over in twenty minutes with a single text.
He still regularly refused to use the stairlift.
that had led up to Sherlock’s episode. At least someone with the full picture was there, instead of the GP that had glared at John as if he had perforated Sherlock’s bowel as some method of sadistic torture. Their exam- which Mycroft had remained there for to ensure his nearly unconscious brother’s honor would be protected, but for which John had been asked to leave- had shown there was no damage or even irregular irritation to the entire pelvic region. It was neuropathic pain that had come to shake them from the floating door that they held onto, yet again.
“Are you ready?” Sherlock asked, looking to John like a child on Christmas morning begging to open his gifts. His husband appeared young, unbothered, and most certainly not the man that John had failed to coax out of bed that morning.
As it turned out, the answer was
that Mycroft had devised to save all their sanity. It was best for all to know what exactly they were dealing with on any given day when
“Tell her the color of my pants, why don’t you?” Sherlock grumbled.
“Yeah, let’s give it a go.” He said. “How bad can they be?”
Mycroft, looking smug, raised his brow and gestured to the very crate Sherlock was taking a crowbar to. “I come bearing gifts.”
that Sherlock thrust the book in front of John’s nose and demanded he take part in the decision and the idea that Sherlock might be making a larger deal out of this than John had anticipated began to solidify.
After Rosie’s bath, Sherlock perched her in her booster seat on a high top chair to keep the man who is well over six feet from having to slouch. He sprayed her hair with nearly a half dozen products that John was cost far more than he wanted to know about, so he never asked. The sprays and serums and gels and foams were some of the same things that Sherlock used on his own wavy hair to tame it, and John could admit that without them Rosie’s hair tended to turn into a matted mess. His steady violinist hand worked through Rosie’s curls, unweaving knots while Rosie babbled to them both about whatever crossed her mind, and she was at ease eating her breakfast while he worked and John ate across from her and pretended to know what she was saying.
John wasn’t sure what the right thing to do was when it came to these moments with his husband. Should he refuse, even though Sherlock made it clear that he wanted him and John was hopelessly vulnerable to his seduction? It seemed like the best possible way to tear down the detective’s confidence when he felt the least like himself, considering that he rarely could take the type of cases that had stroked his ego when he finally solved the unsolvable. But was it not taking advantage to let himself be swept away by sex wanted by his husband for a reason John couldn’t begin to unravel?
“Rounds upon rounds of antibiotics that were doing fuck all until the morning after I was told I was going to have to start
Anderson?
Freezing over his lover’s body, doing his best to move as little as possible, he forced himself out of the headspace of sexual being and into that of a doctor. He knew that it was unlikely that Sherlock would offer this information up on his own, but John had to know. There was no way to deny it any longer.
It was just a few days later- on their next good day that was only that,
So what was their to leave her for the father that saw her before anyone else knew she existed? That held her through nights of stomach bugs, put ointment on her chicken pox and monitored her fevers far more than the doctor himself thought was necessary?
real. It’s real, Sherlock, and it hurts me to see it.”
It didn’t seem to bother him that Rosie had Mary’s laugh or that it took twenty minutes to comb through Rosie’s hair in a way that kept both her curls and her tears in her head. And God, did John not owe Sherlock a lifetime of joy he was unlikely ever going to be able to give him even if they both lived to one hundred and twelve? After all he had taken, John should have stripped his own happiness like tearing muscle from bone despite the unbearable pain. He had caused enough of it.
Sherlock crossed his arms protectively around his belly, ungracefully contorting until the freshly inked and irritated skin wasn’t being rubbed against anything. “Will you ever stop torturing me for that? Hmm? God, you’d think a man would be grateful his partner loved him enough, even before, to give up everything for even a sliver of hope of keeping him safe.”
. I’m not injured. My life is not being threatened. It’s stupid to waste your time and their time for absolutely nothing.”
“Budge up.” He said and transferred out of his chair to stretch out on their sofa which had taken on the smell of the detective.
“Or simply decide it’s you reopening the line of communication to permit tearful phone calls about dreams she had of you burning for all eternity.” Sherlock quipped and John’s lips turned up at the edges even though he knew they shouldn’t have. “I wasn’t sure you’d want her on the list, as she hasn’t bothered to visit Rosie in almost three years now.”
Of all the nightmares that John had suffered through since being shot in Afghanistan, it was by far the most terrifying. Being unable to save faceless, nameless dying soldiers on the battlefield was horrible in its own right, but nothing compared to what he had experienced every night for the last twelve months. Familiarity did little to help and predictability only filled him with dread when his head hit the pillow. The only respite was found in sneaking half of one of Sherlock’s sleeping pills and a swig of brandy, which John knew was, at the very least, a bit not good.
” Mycroft wrinkled his nose in disgust. “While I’m aware a nanny is out of the question in my little brother’s eyes, a housekeeper, just three or four times a week, could be a welcome addition. Maybe you might also consider a massage therapist to come to the house when my brother overexertes himself and for you when you do the same regarding his care.”
Sevens tended to do that and anything past was often a lost cause. If he couldn’t safely swallow then John would have to get the syringe.
“I told Mrs Hudson not give Rosie any of that glorified candy and the cats any dairy. Their litter boxes already smell horribly enough as it is “ Sherlock took several steps towards the stairs then stopped himself, then turned back to John. “John, rattle their bowl. They’ll come back up and Rosie should follow.”
“Don’t discount them before you’ve even heard their capabilities.” Mycroft pressed on, appearing far more pleased with himself than anyone should have been after leaving their brother in the state he had been in and making no effort to help. “The JWILU001s are a reinvention of the wheel, no pun intended. They really are quite extraordinary. Little brother, if you might do the honors.”
“I was shot! How can you think that compares to-“ John sputtered, and struggled to even come up with a suggestion to himself as to what that next word might have been, let alone the next complete thought.
Again, Sherlock slowly retreated, leaving John in the middle of the living room. The ridiculous wheeled mirror Sherlock’s grandmother had left him had made its way out into the sitting room and was soon positioned in front of John.
“It’s fine.” Sherlock seethed and pulled his hand sharply from John’s grasp, only to present him with the other one. John did not hesitate to get to work, well knowing that if his husband was willing to submit to it at all then the day was at least a six. “That sleeping on my back nonsense was impossible and my side was not much better. If I can’t sleep on my stomach then I won’t bother at all. I’ve been known to go days without it.”
John knocked on Mrs Hudson’s door and the older woman answered only seconds later. She likely had heard him coming down the steps.
She had slept in his and Sherlock’s bed only occasionally before the accident, but their weeks living at St Bart’s while she stayed with Molly, Anthea and Mrs Hudson had reignited the separation anxiety phase John had foolishly believed she was long past. Perhaps consistency in her schedule and reassurance they would be there when she woke could have been enough to reestablish the trust that he and Sherlock weren’t going to disappear on her again, but that was quickly undermined by the fact that Sherlock seemed to desperately need her there as well. They’d been close before the injury, before she and John moved back to Baker Street even, but Rosie was an intelligent child, or so Sherlock regularly proclaimed. She knew something was wrong and wanted to be in on the action instead of stuck worrying about it from the cot she was quickly outgrowing upstairs.
Joint.
“I don’t believe you have much of a choice.” Mycroft smirked. “These were made for you, and the grant funds have run out, meaning if you don’t-”
“If I understood your email, John, you received a check in the mail and it’s causing you a degree of discomfort...” Doctor Erica Carlisle said, a detectable amount of judgement in her tone. “Why is that?”
(See the end of the chapter for
John could read between the lines. That was Holmesian for,
They were both giggling, delighted playing with the pirate bath toys and that should have made John happy enough to grin like an idiot to himself, but instead it was bitter sweet. John never participated in bath time, the only exception being the month after Sherlock came home from hospital. It always felt too- not personal because that would be indicative of something else entirely. What it felt was too special and too sweet, and John tried to stand out of the way to allow Sherlock those moments. They made him happy, clearly, and John believed he deserved those times.
“What are you doing? Unhand him!” Sherlock ordered and tried to approach the scene occurring just across the rug that their daughter’s blocks were still scattered upon.
His husband rolled his eyes. “Obviously.”
John wouldn’t put them on in front of Mycroft, because honestly he expected to fall flat on his face and didn’t need that kind of humiliation in his life. Was he grateful that his brother in law had found something to pull Sherlock out of such a deep and dangerous depressive episode? Yes, absolutely. But did that absolve him of the responsibility to have answered the bloody phone when John called?
He looked to where the page was open on his phone and listed them off. “-three weeks from Saturday at noon is the prime slot and would be easiest for everyone to accommodate schedule wise. Mycroft should be in Britain, if not London.”
It was said like a promise and John filed the sight of their daughter gazing at Sherlock’s tattooed risk away with shoe boxes of thank you letters, lockers with broken clasps and pipes that twisted open to reveal daggers.
Doctor Fletcher wrote something down. “I’m afraid that it's likely a combination of sinus drainage and the expulsion of stomach acid through your nasal cavity that caused it. They’ve eased off the morphine to see how you felt when you woke up. I’m going to see if an anti-inflammatory sinus medication provides you a bit of relief. If so, there’s no reason you can’t be home by lunch.”
The decision had been made for him.
John’s husband saved his life just by existing, brought fire and the thrill of life back to him just by proving he was still breathing, and made a vow that he did everything humanly possible to keep.
John manages to see things from a different perspective and himself in a different light.
“We’re at a crossroads, gentlemen.” Doctor Fletcher sighed. “I wish that I felt that both paths were equally likely to provide relief but I don’t think that is realistic.”
-and said the words, “I’ve taken the liberty of contacting Georgina regarding her schedule and gotten a list of possible dates and times for Rosie’s first haircut.”
“That has nothing to do with the fact that we used to have sex
His brother in law was quiet for a while and seemed to lose his stiff posture and sense of arrogance, as if what he was about to say was deeply humbling. It was the same expression he had worn when, eleven days into a hospital stay over what should have been nothing but whiplash, Mycroft had been forced to see the severity of what they were facing. That no amount of money that could undo nerve damage. It simply was what it was.
to lie about being together because it might jeopardize our careers. We
“I actually was about to go to the park for a while, just to walk part of the path without dragging around a stroller. Would you care to join me?” He asked, hoping that it didn’t sound like a pity invitation. “I don’t get much of a chance to walk with company these days.”
“He needs me and I’m letting my pride get in the way of caring for him.”
“Rosamund, would you care to see Lovey’s new art?” Sherlock called out, snapping their daughter out of her attempts to memorize the circulatory system with her fingertips while her eyes were tightly pinched shut.
Sherlock did oblige, sipping it down over a half hour or so while John ate his toast and tidied the room. His husband slowly inched himself up the headboard until he was sitting flush against it and seemed to be a bit more like himself. Only then did he ask the question on his mind. It was easy to read the man he loved when Sherlock was tired and unguarded, but once he gained some awareness and a degree of relief it was far easier to cloak his suffering.
“Hey,” John said and by his feet, Rosie shifted into his lap. “What’s this about? You alright?”
“At least finish your juice.” It had very little in it of substance but any caloric intake was a small victory as far as John was concerned. Sherlock took his tea black and didn’t have much interest in the biscuits that John bought anymore. It was just another battle John was destined to lose.
“Just a bed and another tray?” John raised an eyebrow.
Mycroft stifled a humorous chuckle. “It’s Baker Street, John. There is only so much that can be done without tearing into the integrity of the building. Finding a jetted tub to fit such a narrow space was not an easy task, I assure you. Should I be sending someone to bring you a few changes of clothes and your toiletries, as well as to feed those nasty little beasties that my brother claims are cats.”
At this, he laughed. John Watson-Holmes
“You contacted Sherlock to make sure that your husband was executed.”
“What?”
Lestrade looked up as if prepared to glare, but his face showed mostly disbelief. “
Sherlock took a long sip. “Three. An actual three.” He clarified.
Sherlock was almost certain Donovan said, and he cringed at the very thought of her defending him- of her defending him against John, of all people. The person who would never hurt him.
Sherlock sighed and dropped his arms to snake around John’s middle then rested his chin on the doctor’s good shoulder. “I already slept my afternoon away, we wasted hours together with massages and I’ve missed you.” His lips found John’s neck and trailed a toe curling path up it and behind his ear. “Haven’t you missed me?”
Concern over his husband’s already unstable moods were the reason John gave in to Sherlock’s manipulative insistence that he needed a cat to keep him company. Twice. Apparently, Mrs Hudson had been feeding cats behind 221B for the last several years and Rosie had grown fond of one of them and a kitten that came looking for it after the first was taken inside. He claimed it was because they were intuitive and he believed they could be trained to help with investigations, but John knew that they didn’t have half a brain between them. They were also nearly feral and had broken every mug in their flat by knocking them off tables, but didn’t seem a danger to their daughter.
On the other hand, it would be the first time he peed standing up since he was paralyzed.
“No, but-“
“What do you want for supper? Indian or chinese?” He asked, not leaving room for Sherlock to weasel out of eating by claiming he wasn’t hungry. Perhaps the only tolerable thing about the depression was, and John loathed to say it, Sherlock simply ate what was put in front of him. It was slow going and painfully distracted, as were all his movements and even his speech, so the food was consumed cold but John wouldn’t turn his nose up at small victories. Not anymore.
, Sherlock. Every day.” John said, as if Sherlock himself wasn’t the one with tiny knives scraping his bones and brutally electrified nerves. “Bloody hell, you nearly died of an infection. Rosie and I almost lost you. I was going to have to tell her that her father died. Do you have any idea what that felt like?!”
“Sherlock remains under the asinine belief that you are going to leave him if he doesn’t find a way to satisfy your
John’s eyes widened and his throat became almost too tight to breathe. His heart skipped a beat, and then started accelerating as if it intended to push its way out of his chest all together. The idea that Sherlock had the potential to become actively suicidal was always on their minds, but having Doctor Fletcher suggest he was already heading that way, again, was sobering. By the looks of it, Sherlock felt nearly the same as he did. Again, John took Sherlock’s hand and ran his thumb across the back of it in a repetitive pattern that he knew soothed the both of them at the most difficult moments.
At least, that was what John had been able to deduce from the gesture and the giggles involved every time.
By the time John had given him a leftover tramadol- as he refused his scheduled dose of morphine- and ensured Sherlock was settled in and prepared to feed Rosie lunch before their shared afternoon nap, Mycroft had already let himself in and made the two of them tea. They sat in the chairs by the fireplace, John in his own and Mycroft in Sherlock’s, and both lost themselves in their beverages for several minutes. It was commonplace for him to come by after any major appointment, which was all of them as of late, and John had started to appreciate the convenience of not having to make a secretive phone call in the loo or leave Sherlock to ride around London in a black town car. Neither Holmes thought it was right to leave him when his pain and tiredness were bordering on agony and exhaustion, which was, unfortunately, often the case after such a strenuous outing.
And as in real life, there are no miracle cures.
The relaxed breathing hitched for a moment and John worried he’d pushed him too far. Reading Sherlock wasn’t easy, given that John wasn’t Sherlock, and gauging how much a chronic pain patient was suffering was equally difficult. After the day before, John deserved Sherlock’s complete rejection and a demand for a full body massage until the sky fell. But then the tall man was unfolding and slipping down onto the floor in front of John’s legs and sitting back waiting, the hunger in his eyes a match only to John’s own.
“When is Lestrade releasing John?” He questioned, his throat hoarse. John was the one who turned off the air purifiers and cracked the windows before bed, which meant Sherlock had been breathing increasingly dry and stale air throughout the night.
“Much better.” He agreed, and enjoyed another moment or two before his arm began to ache from supporting so much of his weight. Perhaps after a time he wouldn’t feel the need to put quite as much on it, instead trusting his brace, but for the time being it took the brunt of the pressure. “I need to lay down for a bit before supper. It was a long day.”
That wasn’t the same thing as
Because I couldn’t find a way to give our boys a break from the angst if it slapped me in the face
She went on and John listened as intently as he could, soaking up anything that wasn’t all doom and gloom, until they reached the end of the path that signaled they were nearing the end of their stroll.
As gently as possible, John sat back on his knees and pulled his softening erection from Sherlock’s body, then laid on the bed beside him to pull the man he loved onto his chest.
His violin, worth more than their flat at Baker Street, if John’s googling rang true. Not a Stradivarius, but a generous token from a case none the less.
“- if I don’t do the study, no one else will ever get the opportunity to try these.” John shook his head. He would be taking away the opportunity for something that was supposedly revolutionary from thousands that sustained injuries like his own. More than that, he would be snatching the still likely fleeting smile off of the pale angular face that John had worried would never wear one again.
“Watch it-“
Sherlock nodded sleepily.
Part 1 and 2 posted same day! It’s a miracle lol. Please PLEASE let me know what you think. I get this “screaming pointlessly into the void” feeling when I’m writing and I get no feedback.
“Cold.” Sherlock gasped out and John quickly fetched and covered him with a heated blanket cranked up as high as it went, and then wrapped his own body around his husband’s shivering form in whatever way he calculated wouldn’t cause him more pain.
John’s nostrils flared and his fist clenched, and for a heart stopping moment he thought that John was going to hit him. That John was going to hit him again. And by the way his older brother took a half step forward with his hand ready to untwist his hidden weapon from its rather creative holster, Mycroft believed it to be a possibility as well.
‘Little’ wasn’t the right description for Sherlock’s present, but Rosie’s was modest enough to fit the bill. Somehow she sensed the existence of gifts, and was hovering around the kitchen table while he plated their suppers.
The absolute elation of being able to hold his husband without the fear of it being the last time he felt a beating heart under his hands sent thoughts of mementos and broken hearted babes out of his mind.
He put a smile on his face as he walked in the door, only to be head butted full force in the thigh by a mop of hair then clung on like a particularly insistent sloth.
“Oh that sounds lovely.” Mrs Hudson said, and pointed out the rose bushes in Queen Mary’s garden, which were empty of flowers or leaves. “Those are so beautiful in June. This time of year I can’t help but wonder how they survive the chill. Then again, in the americas, I hear that it can get much colder even further south. The lovely girl at the post office told me all about her trip to Alaska and their hottest months are much like our coldest. Imagine that? In Florida, we saw temperatures well over thirty-seven degrees in the summer and I’ll tell you, it felt as if you were inhaling shower steam with every breath. It’s a wonder that so many of their pensioners choose to live there. Seems to me like an excellent way to make someone’s heart give way. Then, of course, further north I’ve read of entire towns being trapped in their houses for days while they work to clear the roads of snow in the winter and it can go any time as early as November all the way into April or even May some years. I could never live in a place like that.”
The scratching of her pen was all the sound in the room for a while besides the white noise machine tucked next to the door to the waiting area. It seemed louder than their at home, and he felt a twinge of shame upon realizing that Erica’s model had a dial and for John’s session she had cranked it up as high as it would go. Even after time away, she knew how these appointments tended to go.
John sighed and leaned back. “It was a lot not good, Sherlock. Please, for the love of all that is holy, never put me through that hell again. Just be honest if you’re in pain- any amount of it. There’s no reason for us to have sex every single night. It’s not written in a rule book somewhere.”
John buried his face in his husband’s hair and shook his head. “I can’t make that promise.”
Sherlock settled in on his side on the remaining sliver between John and the back of the sofa, and proceeded to snake around him for comfort, only serving as further evidence that something was terribly wrong.
Despite it all, John could not help but feel like the luckiest man in the world for having Sherlock’s hand in his and their daughter between them while they rode to the specialist’s office that Doctor Fletcher had taken up residence in at St Bart’s. The beautiful man beside John was intelligent, brave, ridiculous, passionate and still fantastic in bed and John, a depressed doctor invalidated from the army, had somehow been given him.
“Excellent choice, as always.” Sherlock said, still buttoning his jacket when he came into the kitchen and offered John another kiss. His steps were more sure than before and John was happy the pins and needles had likely let up for a while. “Where is Rosie?” He asked, more than a little anxiously.
“Then get on your knees, Sherlock.”
He huffed in disbelief. Disbelief that this questionable device had ended up in their sitting room- these types of things cost tens of thousands of pounds without NHS approval and he already had his- and disbelief that they looked to be custom made just for him.
It was a risk. The morphine was already something he took reluctantly and had resisted John’s attempts to administer intravenously when he was in the worst of it. Stronger medications in the form of pills implied they were for more regular use and terrified them both.
Emotions run high and decisions are made during an intimate moment that have profound repercussions.
“Mhmm,” Sherlock took the cup and the glass of watered down juice and swallowed the pills with a sip to wash them down. “There’s at my sacrum.” He answered, hearing the panic between John’s questions. Their sanity rested in each of them knowing what not to say, and hearing the words the other hadn’t spoken.
“Not like I’ve got anywhere else to be, so whenever you think is best. Let me know when it’s settled so I can put it on the calendar.”
scale.” She emphasized.
There was nonsense in trying, because there was absolutely nothing John could ever do to deserve Sherlock Watson-Holmes saying that.
The response was immediate, and John had to ignore the vibrating mobile in his pocket while he finished up with a patient and sent him on his way with ointment for his very unfortunate rash. After scrubbing his hands within an inch of their lives, John finally checked the text and felt the small drop of hope he gathered together each day evaporate into nothingness.
His shirts turned into pillows that they kept perfectly clean so the soothing scent of Sherlock would never be washed away? A dressing gown turned princess costume, a last token of how Sherlock spoiled her?
“Effectively making myself a bloody camera tripod.” John grumbled, trying the positioning a couple of times until it felt less like he was seconds from hurtling toward the floor.
“It’s a rose, a posey, a bee, my cane and my gun...” He said in awe, wishing it was healed well enough for him to reach out and trace with his fingertip. “When did you come up with this? It’s... Rosie, isn’t this pretty?”
never happened.
The moment was too private to have witnesses for, so much forgiveness in those three short sentences that no one else ever should have heard. Forgiveness for years of pain. For drugs and bullet wounds and faked suicides. It should have been bliss, relief after years of hidden tension, and there they all were ruining it!
He then made himself a cup of tea and sipped it in his chair while a book he never opened was perched on his lap and he watched the sitting room fill with sunlight as the limited time John had to rest his racing heart quickly dwindled. When they came home after Sherlock’s accident, Mrs Hudson took it upon herself to bring them tea and a light breakfast around this time, but soon she understood John’s need to prolong the peaceful quiet for as long as possible. With two people depending on him so heavily, it was time he desperately needed to preserve what was left of his drained energy stores.
“I’ve always paid my own bills. Caring for family isn’t supposed to earn me a bloody paycheck.” He spat, because this was the place he could. A place where he didn’t have to reign in the anger and practice such constant patience that was required in his position. A place where his raised voice wouldn’t scare Rosie or earn him the timid looks from his husband for the days that followed. “It’s not who I was raised to be.”
“What are my options?” Sherlock asked, his eyebrows furrowed and John raised his own with surprise. Sherlock tended not to speak during his appointments other than short answers to direct questions and snide comments.
Have a good night/day friends!
beautiful husband. Thankfully, Doctor Fletcher tended to view him as a colleague as well. Their cooperation was in Sherlock’s best interest. It had been the reason he received a diagnosis, after all.
“I don’t care how well rested you claim to be. I haven’t slept a wink in the last thirty hours and I’m about to pass out on the floor.” John grumbled before Sherlock had much opportunity to argue. “And you’re going to stay in bed with me no matter how boring it gets because I fancy a cuddle. Got that?”
Sherlock pulled back, visibly insulted and very nearly- was that hurt? At one of John’s many silly comments? Typically, intentional stupidity only deserved a firm- “Don’t be an idiot, John. It’s very clearly not any part of the female anatomy and I greatly resent the implication I would ever choose something so foolish.”
Also, a tattoo reveal, John’s gears begin to turn, and foreplay.
Until, of course, one chilly late winter afternoon nearly eight months later.
The woman did not offer condolences that she knew were unwelcome. “How has the pain affected sleep?”
“Sherlock wouldn’t take anything more than his gabapentin today.” John told her, allowing the anger to fade while nearly tearful frustration persisted. “He said he wasn’t going to be on anything that could affect his cognitive function while taking care of Rosie.”
John crossed his arms and rolled his eyes subtly. “Of course you do.”
Slowly, as saliva pooled into Sherlock’s non swallowing mouth, John tried to separate himself from those memories. He undid his fly, pushed down the band of his pants and his cock leapt out, slapping only partially intentionally across
Eventually he got himself a serving and sat on the sofa, Sherlock curled into his side, and John couldn’t help but run his fingertips over the ink obscuring wrap that covered Sherlock’s fresh tattoo. The design was rather large, by his standards in any case, taking up half of his inner forearm if all edges were accounted for. If he squinted and allowed himself the indulgence of silliness, the design sort of looked like- “breasts?!” John snickered, setting down his food on the coffee table to avoid dumping it all over the cushions in his fit of mirth. “You got a tattoo of female breasts on your wrist?”
“Listen for Rosie?”
John didn’t know how to walk in the new braces, and clearly it would be a far cry from his current ones, which left John to try not to look down despite the feeling that he was about to fall at any moment. He wouldn’t, he reminded himself, as long as he didn’t let himself startle. Instead, free hand lifting in front of him, he marveled at the fact that he could theoretically do something while standing. Should he have been ten feet forward, he could have picked a book off of Sherlock’s shelf, as all of his had been moved to the bottom two. In the kitchen he could have, very slowly, made himself a cuppa using Sherlock’s counter top.
The man would suffer through whatever pain he had to take to please John, whether John was in the mood or not. That was his only goal most of the time, as far as he could tell. Sherlock cared very little, most of the time not at all, if he himself got off. Oftentimes he would reject John’s advances to reciprocate oral or any contact other than his hands on Sherlock’s hips while John thrusted into him from behind. Truth be told, he wasn’t quite sure that Sherlock was even aroused during some of their encounters, when he insisted that the light be kept off and would mouth off until John was egged into threading his fingers between his husbands dark curls and shoving his face into a pillow for a more thorough fucking. They had a safe word, of course, as John thought they were useful for virtually any sexual encounter where one party or the other had the habit of saying things they didn’t necessarily mean in the heat of the moment, and Sherlock hadn’t used it or the corresponding hand signal of rubbing his thumb over their wedding band.
Rosie didn’t materialize and John watched his husband’s face fall. As reluctant as the doctor was to take their daughter with to the hospital, he knew that Sherlock would be incredibly anxious without her to hold onto. It wasn’t that Rosie calmed him, at least not by what John had observed. No, she simply forced him to calm himself, which was a distinction that Doctor Carlisle repeatedly pounded into his brain was very important to make.
“Well shut up so I can go to sleep, then. I’m knackered.”
“I’ll see you soon, Doctor Watson.” Mycroft said, inclining his head. “Good evening brother mine.”
writhing in pain to be too picky or complain about much. “Then, once we’re both fed and well rested, we’re going to talk about what happened last night.”
He flinched at the last word, mostly due to the fight he received that morning over even the low dosage of tramadol. “It is.”
John quite liked the sound of that.
“Aluminum and a new type of plastic that is strong while lighter than styrofoam.” Mycroft said in the distance outside of John’s thoughts of if he should either let Sherlock down as gently as possible or wait until his boredom and depression took over again to put them in the closet.
He gestured to the clock on the stove that read
.” Sherlock flinched, the prodding that didn’t stop soon giving him the start of a headache on top of John’s harsh words. “Yeah, a pretty shit way of warning a bloke that they’re going to ask him to sign his own husband’s death warrant.”
Used to just brushing over terminology he didn’t quite understand the point of, John resigned himself to this sweet gesture that Sherlock wanted to make and agreed. “Those are perfect then. I’m sure my mother will appreciate it.”
Lining himself up with Sherlock’s opening, already having been stretched laboriously with four fingers for good measure. John pulled away the arm that Sherlock had put over his eyes and held it above his wrist then gathered the other to hold as well.
'' Mycroft scoffed and John looked down at his husband’s IV clad hand with shame. “This isn’t your fault, Doctor Watson. He lies and manipulates people into believing he is confident and sure when he is, in fact, at his most insecure. Sherlock would have hidden the fact that he had been hit by a bloody train if it meant he could prove to you that he was capable of engaging in intimacy.” To his credit, Mycroft did not appear anywhere near disgusted as John felt.
“If you’d eat, I’d order cheese from the moon if I had to.” Again, his lips found Sherlock’s curls and he inhaled the scent of antiseptic and the hospital shampoo that had been used to clean the sick from his hair. He smelled wrong, but John was too grateful to have him beside him in bed
This was what Fletch had prescribed it for.
“It’s getting late. I’m tired and figured you would be as well after the brutal day we had. I’ve got to be up early tomorrow.”
“Is this a ten?” John’s voice faltered, as he knew the answer and already loathed himself for it.
“I’ll consider it.” He said, after a minute or two. “Last night was a bit not good, wasn’t it?”
“Why the hell would he think that is what keeps me with him? We went years without that, for god's sake, and I’ve never pushed him into anything like that. Even now, I keep my bloody distance unless he brings it up.” John raised his voice as a nervous itchiness spread across his skin and his croaking throat left him struggling to breathe.
Watching Sherlock’s eyes, locked so firmly on their daughter who was currently tasting the digestive tract of a sea turtle, John shouldn’t have been surprised by what he said next.
Her little blonde, so nearly non existent, brows furrowed. “No, ice!”
She quit wriggling when she realized it was of no use, a soldier could very easily keep hold of a toddler. The sigh was legendary, only one of thousands to come, before she surrendered the information. “No Papa,” She confessed. “I look.”
When the front door opened just before six in the morning, it wasn’t Sherlock’s husband that came up to their flat. Thankfully, Mycroft had realized he was unwelcome and Lestrade had to have known the trial run of Sherlock forgiving him had proven to be a wasted experiment. Instead, it was Molly that carefully inched her way into their bedroom with a small cup of prescription medications in one hand, a cup of tea in the other, and a bag of still warm toasted bagels tucked under her arm. She didn’t say much of anything as she watched him swallow the pills, likely told he needed to be supervised for choking or dependability, but Sherlock held back his annoyance. He needed the opportunity to ask.
“Use me,” He gasped, and John painted his husband’s lips with the tip of his leaking cock. “Oh good god, Jawn!”
Mycroft appeared offended. “I don’t see why you would believe I actually enjoy watching you suffer. Fail? At times, yes, but never suffer.”
laughed. It was not something he had the privilege of doing very much of lately. “When Sherlock’s feeling a bit more rested, we’ll all take you out to dinner. Consider how jealous she’ll be then.” He winked and Mrs Hudson giggled. The motherly woman deserved to feel treasured, because she was. John had no idea how they would have gotten through the last twelve months- or the ten years before that- without her.
No, what John did to Sherlock. People weren’t thrown to the concrete floor of a morgue and nearly killed as a matter of coincidence. That was something that was done
Sherlock lived through a series of tonic-clonic seizures without waking, a hospital-acquired infection with a high grade fever (requiring three rounds of antibiotics that decimated his immune system) and more morphine than John cared to contemplate. He lived through putting permanent pins in his broken wrist, then reopening the incision to sample and flush out the infection to the best of their abilities. It took nearly four weeks from the time he was hospitalized hours after being hit by a cab- just one time too many- to finally get to go home.
temporary, that was the question on John’s mind as he took an opportunity to walk home, basking in the warm sun on his skin he missed far more than he’d realized. It wasn’t something he could do immediately, but the spark of hope that it might be possible someday- when they established some type of routine or found the proper cocktail of medication, put a small smile on his face and splinted his wounded pride.
Carefully, Sherlock sat up and unwound the wrap on his arm, exposing a simple but sweet design that took John’s breath away.
While John could not stand the idea of a stranger cleaning their house, especially when Mrs Hudson was very willing to help and would take personal offense to another woman’s dusting, he was willing to concede that massage therapy had the potential to be beneficial. Sherlock had refused the treatment earlier but only on the grounds that if he was feeling poorly enough to require such measures that he would be in no mood to leave the flat. In general, Sherlock did not wish to be seen when he was at anything less than a Sherlockian two, which was an actual four.
“I’d like her sent one anyway, if it’s not too much trouble.” John said plainly, his irritation only slight because
His husband snorted. “Do you really think I’d care about that?”
Her eyes widened and she nodded. “Oh, yes, that would be lovely, Dear. Let me get my walking shoes and coat. I won’t be but a minute.”
* * *
John leaned in for a kiss, which he was given a bit more than appropriately for their daughter to be within eyesight, but it was one laced with appreciation. With thanks John knew he didn’t deserve, as well as promises of what was to come. Once Rosie was put to bed in
He rolled his eyes. “Right. Fine.” It was his fault for asking the wrong question to hop around the minefield of Sherlock’s possible moods. “Are you wanting to shower or should I draw a bath?”
John swallowed hard. As a doctor, he had known that this could be true, but tried to distance himself as much as possible from the medical-decision side of Sherlock’s condition. It was his job to be Sherlock’s husband, his livein doctor that poked and prodded at him day and night but kept to the instructions someone more impartial looked over. All he could do was maintain and let Fletch handle the bulk of it. The measures John had taken were, for the most part, to address Sherlock’s mental health since he had rejected any type of treatment besides bupropion, which they were lucky to get at all as it was not approved as an antidepressant in Britain. Their only saving grace had been that Sherlock was also addicted to cigarettes and nicotine patches, so they had been able to get it as a smoking cessation aid.
The answer was, of course, not even close. So when Mycroft tried to excuse himself John glared daggers at him. In another life he would have offered to walk him out or at the very least take him down in the elevator but already out of his chair for the evening, John knew any offer to do so would be quickly dismissed as unneeded.
The blow was lower than low, but that was what Mycroft had found Doctor Carlisle to do. After John nearly killed Sherlock, and still wanted to find a way back into his life, a therapist of Mycroft’s choosing was part of the deal. He’d spent hundreds of hours in that room over the last few years and what happened to Sherlock was a foundational topic of conversation.
He took a deep breath and reached for his belt, undoing it slowly. “You’re mine, and I say that you’re going to suck me. Do you understand?”
Sherlock froze, swallowed hard and nodded three times. “Out, please. John, please, take it out.”
Which, perhaps, John had suggested so she felt obligated to put a photo of her bisexual son kissing his gay husband with their daughter that was being raised without a mother on the mantle over her fireplace. Making it one of the nicest possessions she owned- appealing to her vanity- while also making it impossible to remove their picture- was a well thought over strategy. Besides, Sherlock could never resist an opportunity to remind her that they were far more refined people, both Holmeses and gay men as a collective.
Still, it was decent advice.
Yet, that couldn’t be right. It absolutely couldn’t be right. “We have child proof locks on the windows, Sherlock. Mycroft’s minions put them in when she started walking. Top of the line.”
“I take it
“Mhm,” His husband mumbled, then gasped and further curled in on himself until he was almost entirely wrapped into a compact ball of limbs, ribs and a spine. “Don’t. Call. Anyone.”
“Tension, sinus or migraine headache?” She asked.
John handed him the plastic condiment container he bought for his medications. “Can you swallow these?”
“Fine, an obnoxiously sized frame with the smallest lock of hair.” Sherlock said with a smile. Being given encouragement by John to be rude was one of his favorite things.
“You’ve got to stop doing that.” Doctor Fletcher sighed then turned back to her work. “I can tell the physical therapists failed to leave a lasting impression of how important posture can be. Overextending your spine is just as bad as hunching over. Nearly as bad as your habit of crawling around on the floor.”
while eating microwaveable popcorn and blowing through juice boxes like they were taking a bath in them. He, on the other hand, was sitting in his therapist’s office because a piece of mail had sent him into a tizzy.
“Thanks, I’ll just-“ John trailed off, still coming up blank. “-just, thanks.”
Was it easy? Of course not. But it wasn’t a
A short call to Anthea for the first code of the day gave John access to Sherlock’s medication chest, and he counted out each of Sherlock’s prescriptions twice while the kettle boiled, tea was made for the second time and he waited for three pieces of toast to pop up. Two of them he buttered for himself and one was left dry for Sherlock, which was the only way it would be accepted, and John poured a glass of orange juice that he watered down by half, which was the only way Sherlock could stomach it. The plastic hospital-like tray that Mycroft gifted them with in the beginning was filled nearly to the brim by the time John took his final easy breath of the day before opening the bedroom door and meeting the pinched face of his husband.
“Sounds like it will make me part of quite a scandal around the knitting circle.” She said, accepting his invitation. “Wait until Sherlock feels well enough, of course. I had Mrs Turner look up that doctor of his, Kathleen Fletcher, and she comes very well recommended. Did she have any suggestions as to what might help?”
Molly frowned. “Sherlock, that wasn’t what I was told. Things got...
He would have cast his eyes downward but instead soaked up the moment. Seeing his feet might have actually sent him off kilter, and looking his husband in the eye with the mirror above their mantle showing both of their reflections was a novel experience.
John rubbed the crustiness out of his eyes and tried to ignore the ache that had taken up residence in his shoulder. Perhaps that was an exaggeration, but bloody hell it hurt. Unfortunately it was his own fault, given that he was the one who chose to kip on the sofa in Greg’s office instead of going home with his tail between his legs.
John huffed both at the understatement and of her glorification of such an inglorious task. “It’s tea and medication. It’s not the heroic undertaking you’re making it out to be.”
The heading read,
“Alright I think,” John said hesitantly. “Maybe lighten up on your hold a bit.”
John offered his arm to Mrs Hudson, more out of habit than fear that she would take any type of tumble, and she took it happily. “Look at me, walking through the park with a handsome young soldier on my arm. Mrs Turner will be green eyed with envy, and her’s are usually this mucky color so it will be quite the accomplishment.”
“Did you check?” John asked skeptically, grateful that he planned to shower that evening and already couldn’t get the smell of vomit out of his nostrils from a child throwing up all over the waiting room floor.
“You’re in
“John, I know that we’ve had this conversation before and you’ve been quite insistent that my brother’s wishes be respected. I find that commendable.” He said. “Foolish and blinded by devotion, but commendable.
“Love, we don’t have to do this. I don’t want to hurt you like this.”
When they reached Baker St and he had walked her back in, delivering her to the door of her flat with a peck on the cheek, John did his best to put the conversation out of his mind. It was not as if the two of them had lost any love for one another. If anything, the fact that Sherlock allowed him to be part of acts as invasive as helping him into the bathtub was proof that there was no shortage of intimacy in their lives. As far as John was concerned, he had never loved anyone so much.
As the worry rose, John busied himself making the bed, pulling clothes from the bureau, shoes from the drawer under the bed and laying it all out on the bed for Sherlock to change into. When John did that, Sherlock sat down to put on his trousers, shoes and socks. Keeping him from standing on one foot was the primary motivator behind John’s actions, but even on good days it had become very much routine. It was just like the fresh cup of tea that he left on the nightstand, instead of microwaving the one Sherlock had let go cold. A way that he could show love without having to face Sherlock and pressure him to react properly.
“Tender or tense?” John asked, watching the way Sherlock shied away from movements involving too much of his shoulders or neck.
Phillip Anderson let it go, speaking onwards as if he also was wasting time on the conversation but felt it unavoidable. “I’m not sure what the gay decorum is-“ John nearly laughed aloud at that one, rarely knowing himself if he was being honest. “but I know dealing with a ticked off spouse after doing something rotten. Get him whatever the Sherlock equivalent of flowers and chocolates is before you go home. Make it good, and you’ll both get past this, whatever it is.”
Perhaps it was foolish, like poking at an angry badger with a stick which John had made him promise to never do again, but Sherlock thought his snort was a much better alternative to meekness and fear that threatened to overtake him. “Oh really John? I’m in pain? Why on earth didn’t anyone tell me? I hope you’re pleased to be informed that it is fairly difficult to get a hospital acquired infection in a tattoo parlor.”
For all the heartless bastard the world believed he was, Sherlock Holmes had an affinity for mementos. Sentiment in a physical form, allowed to exist outside of his cluttered mind bursting at the seams with what it
might as well have been a breeze through the sitting room windows.
Paper was ripped and shed, Sherlock wincing at the sound, and Rosie’s eyes lit up like it was Christmas morning. “Turtles!” She squealed, immediately attempting to rip open the packaging on a very realistic translucent model of the anatomy of a sea turtle.
It seemed that was not how the event was destined to go.
Sally Donovan, eyes wide and voice infuriatingly reassuring, was suddenly before him guiding him backwards as if he needed a chair and not simply for Lestrade to stop being so stupid.
John’s throat tightened and he looked for further explanation from his husband. “Where exactly did she look?”
So, was he ready? Would he ever be?
Their daughter’s laughs died down almost instantly and she narrowed her eyes and pursed her lips while analyzing John. If she had taken the time to tent her fingers, she would have looked just like their brilliant detective.
His husband swiped a palm over his face and seemed impossibly more angry afterwards, not composed. It frightened him, if he was being honest, and Sherlock knew that John was far gone enough not to be paying much attention. While unobservant under the best of circumstances, John always struggled to pay attention when Sherlock needed him to do so the most, when he couldn’t find the words but needed John to desperately understand.
never thought that,” John pointed out. “
A small cry accompanied the rapid shallow breaths that his husband was taking, and John watched two hot tears drip from the outer corners of his eye and down the sides of his face, wetting his hair and pooling in his ears. “John, I-” Sherlock stopped, and whined again. John wished he knew if that whine was a wanton plea for friction or an expression of pain. Sherlock had always been a crier during sex, the sensations overtaking him and intimacy forcing him to face emotions that he had spent too long repressing.
Mycroft smirked and sipped his own terrible beverage. “Indeed.”
Even though he never wished for Sherlock to help him with his current braces, this new pair was unfamiliar enough that he allowed his husband to help situate him into it. A bit breathless from the strain of his abdominal muscles from leaning down to fasten the bloody thing, John sat back while Sherlock sorted and attached each wire while mumbling about the need for color coding or to order a new label maker. The last had been used to knock John’s laptop shut when he’d been listening to a YouTube video that Sherlock found particularly annoying while he was in the middle of a sulk.
John looked down to where Rosie was absolutely cheesing in his lap and raised a single eyebrow. “How did our Lovey get hurt?”
He shook his head from side to side, tears still streaming down his face and his lower lip trembling hard enough to flex his jaw. Surprisingly and heartbreakingly, his features did not read as denial in the way he tended to downplay his own suffering. No, he was begging. Sherlock’s every movement was a plea for John to understand what he couldn’t say.
While Mycroft seemed mildly amused watching John’s face, Sherlock was still digging around for something in the sea of packing foam that he was grateful Stone wasn’t attempting to eat. “Your specific needs were listed on your medical records. If you’d like to know a bit more,” He handed John a pamphlet of instructions on textured paper.
He sighed and shook his head. “How long is this study supposed to be?” He asked, transferred to his armchair, despite the fact that the one opposite to him was occupied by Mycroft, and tipped his head back.
“This is ridiculous,” Sherlock griped, thankful that Rosie remained asleep though it was not lost on him that she was clutching John’s pillow in both of her tiny dimpled hands. “It’s only a tattoo, John doesn’t have to like them. I don’t see why you’re all so worked up about this.”
A check from a bank that likely wouldn’t even allow John into their lobby was most certainly not part of their system.
His heart felt like it had been broken in two, and still John knew he could hardly imagine what Sherlock was experiencing. Given that he had lost consciousness only moments after being shot, John had only ever experienced an eight. “Love, that’s not going to be enough. This is serious. You have to go, love.”
But Sherlock had come, and he had saved him, and over and over again they had survived. And now, their lives were becoming pleasantly simple. Things were getting better. Calmer. The epitome of domestic bliss.
It was obviously the direction they had been headed, but the pill was no easier to swallow when the moment came. New prescriptions in hand, courtesy of the hospital pharmacy, the cab ride back to Baker St was quiet. Sherlock kept his gaze out the window and was determined to get up the stairs by himself when they arrived, taking five minutes while wincing at what John could tell was shooting pain in his hips. It took very little convincing to get Sherlock to lie down in bed and was made easier by the company that Trix and Lucy offered.
It was the last thing Sherlock said before he slipped out of consciousness, and John Watson-Holmes dialed 999.
“I’m so sorry, love. God, I’m so sorry.” John rubbed Sherlock’s back as he failed to entirely hold back several wails, curling up into himself in a fruitless effort to soothe what John could only imagine was agonizing cramping. “Sherlock, do you need me to call an ambulance? Where is your pain now?”
Erica shrugged. “You were in the army for three years before being shot nearly a decade ago. There are men walking around today that never would have survived without your fast thinking and experience. Sherlock has been working with New Scotland Yard for thirteen years. Because of him, hundreds of violent offenders are behind bars and their victims’ families can have that peace. Is an injury received in that pursuit any less deserving of compensation than your own?”
Sherlock was taking out his cellphone and holding it level, walking around him in a circle. “Taking video for the creator. He needs data on your progress and posture. It must be done every seven days along with a daily log and journaling to analyze the psychological effects of use. It’s all in the pamphlet. Is that as straight as you can stand?”
“Is it possible that, at some point, you could go back to the clinic on a locum like basis? Only say yes on days you feel comfortable leaving, perhaps? Would that make it easier to accept the money to allow you to stay home to care for Sherlock, knowing that it is at least partially temporary?”
He handed him the plate with a piece of dry toast and it was immediately sat on the other side of the bed. “You have to eat.”
On Sherlock’s third day in intensive care, when the chaotic vitals spinning in every direction made Sherlock’s prognosis appear grim, John wondered what mementos there would be for Rosie to remember him by. She likely wouldn’t remember him vividly, more a ghost in her memory than a solid figure that held her through so many nights of tears and illnesses. John mourned the fact that Rosie was going to lose the person that loved her most. More than his life.
“No, sweet boy. If you’re going to cry, then I want to see it.”
“Oh?” John raised his brow, thankful Sherlock was taking an interest in, well, anything other than what felt like turning their lives into a 24 hour gifted-genius-child classroom. “When’s that?”
Sherlock stood, his clenched jaw being the only sign that he was deeply struggling and John noted the placement of his hand when he stretched as well as the slightly hesitant steps towards the bathroom. His upper and mid back was giving him trouble and his legs were pins and needles from the mid thigh down, this much John could deduce on his own.
Sherlock nodded in a way that clearly meant ‘you and I both’. “Doctor Watson, I believe the only cure for my debilitating headache would be a morphine tablet, a kiss and tea.”
“I hope it helps him.”
The two men didn’t spend much time talking after that, only making comments on the quality of the food and discussing what to put on Sherlock and Rosie’s plates so all he would have to do was microwave them. The detective appreciated being left to do certain things by himself. Eventually, John saw the extended visit as an opportunity for a rare long shower, enjoying it until he feared the hot water would run out, then gave himself a shave without rushing through and nicking himself too many times. He wiped down the countertops, scooped the litter pans and took the nearly full recycling down to the alleyway.
but only because he had heard them on her lips too many times to count. Even though John knew that she was about to deliver, at best, sensitive news and, more realistically, bad news, she did not lean forward with a sweet smile to lessen the blow. She would not put a hand on Sherlock’s knee and tell him that she hopes he feels better soon. And she most certainly would never promise that they would figure all this out sooner or later so their family could go back to long strolls through the park and both climbing after Rosie on the play equipment. While originally off putting, it was part of why John liked Sherlock’s doctor and, even though he would never admit it, Sherlock did as well. The placating promises of the private hospital Mycroft had arranged for him to stay in for a week that claimed to be
Wow, there really were a lot of things John could do that weren’t strictly necessary but their possibility was the point. The second and equally important point was… wow, Sherlock really had thought of everything when John was in rehab and the flat needed renovating. Things John didn’t fully appreciate them because so much was *needed*, but that didn’t truly make it any less thoughtful or a sign of love.
“You know, normally they only have those for frogs.” Sherlock remarked as John used his army knife to pop the seals and pull out the 4D model. “Also, we’re going to need to either purchase two spares for when she inevitably loses pieces, taking it apart and putting it back together again, or craft glue to seal it shut.”
In the end, he surrendered and they made the unusually slow way up to the third floor bedroom, John supporting a good portion of Sherlock’s weight but their lips and tongues battling with the same strength they always did.
Though, to be fair, John wasn’t entirely incorrect. She and Sherlock did tend to find themselves in trouble when they were together. Be it cocaine, arrests, or shared week long bouts of insomnia while ranting their way through deductions and conspiracy theories, when they were running about London self destruction tended to follow. But now, they both had children. That had to count for something, though Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what that something was. Maybe that they were maturing and each had a tangible and
Tears. Struggling to speak. Crying out. Immobility. On the chronic pain scale, described as the worst pain most people could possibly ever feel.
“Did he appear impaired this morning?”
“Hello John. Come in, please, I’ll make you a cup of tea.” She said with a warm expression, and John thought she seemed well rested. Rosie must not have kept her up too late.
As if answering John’s prayers, Doctor Fletcher turned the corner with her clipboard in hand that had every bit of information since the call to emergency services, including what John had told the doctors regarding the
His skull, the one he held and spoke to in his darkest and loneliest hours? Was it a perfect or poor gift to give the little girl that filled a corner of his lonely heart that John would never have fit inside, but was fatally empty?
Sherlock continued to chew his lip, this time with determined concentration. “I’m going to spot you and keep you from tipping over. Hold the cane in your non dominant hand and lean forward onto it while keeping your weight on your non dominant side, slightly leaning in that direction.”
John rolled his eyes. “He also knows that he’s too useful to you for you to arrest again, and... well... you do owe him a bit of leeway given everything.”
“What’s your pain?” John asked when he got up to put their plates in the kitchen and came back with tea.
His knees nearly buckled when Sherlock’s tongue found the sensitive spot that only he had ever discovered. None of John’s past lovers had come close to reading his body like a novel to be devoured and there was something about Sherlock’s manipulative seduction that got the better of him. During a slightly drunken night with Lestrade where they had both gone into far too much detail of their love lives, his friend had called it
Again, she tapped his arm playfully. “You know full well what I mean. Honestly, the two of you have been so serious lately. You know, at least you’re not like Mrs Turner’s married ones. Apparently they get in these awful rows and I just can’t imagine dealing with that kind of yelling all hours of the day and…”
Unable to deter his husband or feasibly reject his help, John accepted being manhandled to the sofa but drew the line at putting on his own jumper. “You can do the trousers this time, just because I don’t feel like doing acrobatics tonight. I’m sure I’ll be sore everywhere tomorrow as it is.” He said grumpily, but was pleased his sour mood didn’t bother Sherlock in the slightest.
“Will you use your words if you need me to stop?”
“Thank you.” John said, having already swallowed his pride when grocery deliveries began showing up and checks from Sherlock’s trust fund- which previously had been restricted due to his past drug use- had begun showing up in their postbox. Losing Sherlock's case work and all of John’s shifts at the surgery had done a number on their financial situation. They did still have a child growing out of her clothes, shoes, books, toys and movies like a weed.
Before he could make any type of judgment on the subject, Sherlock was up and pulling small plastic tabs from the outside of each joint of the admittedly low profile knee-ankle-foot orthotics. Though to call them that would be ignoring the presence of a hip joint.
Greg had texted him that the welfare check at two had found Sherlock silently perched in his chair with wet hair, but John expected Sherlock to be back on the sofa by the time he returned, which had the distinct advantage of meaning the worst thing John could be when he returned home was pleasantly surprised.
“Next time, please don’t call an ambulance.” Sherlock said into the dark that had fallen over their sitting room. “This pain- it isn’t
They ordered in and ate on the couch, the residual hospital painkillers flowing them easily into when Sherlock’s evening medications took effect. Typically, John adjusted, bent and fluffed at least a half dozen different pillows to keep Sherlock comfortable for the entire length of the movie, but he seemed to have found some relief from his hospital stay.
“Go on, love.” John urged him. “Greg and I are just going to have a little talk, that’s all. Be back in time for supper, I swear.”
. It also turned out that perhaps Sherlock wasn’t as impervious to sentiment as he previously believed. But Sherlock wouldn’t know that until Donovan dragged him back home, having been sent out to fetch him like an annoyed and overpaid errand girl, and by then it was too late.
“I am aware of that, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock’s brother said stiffly, barely concealing his own hoarseness. “but there are still accommodations that can be made to the flat to ensure he is not in any more pain than necessary. Or, to ensure you are free to be with your family instead of spending time with laundry or dusting or
Immediately he regretted his words, not even considering Sherlock’s flinch at the suggestion, but chose not to say anything. Some things were best simply left alone.
Her look was hesitant and, against John’s better judgment, neither of them stopped her from reaching out and touching the freshly inked skin. “Is me,” She said to Sherlock.
Not that it would do any good, just one one else for Sherlock to ignore. Ignore, not snarl at, because this depression was past the point of anger and sadness and onto the plain of total apathy to anything outside of his mind palace, and John didn’t know if he wanted to find out what was going on inside there. It was that very same apathy that greeted John when the lift reached the 221B, and was currently draped in ripe day-three pajamas that John knew would be an absolute battle to address.
“I think we should start with oxycodone. With potential cross tolerance from heroin use, it’s the weakest that I would bother going. We’ll keep the morphine tablets for daily use and ten doses of oxycodone to last until your next appointment unless Doctor Holmes calls saying we need more, at which point we should probably get you in for a bridge appointment either way. Your husband can help keep you accountable but you also have to be honest about your pain levels for this to help. Is that agreeable to you, Doctor Holmes?” She asked and John nodded anxiously.
John groaned and put down his coffee to rub his eyes with both hands. “For someone so smart, he can be a git sometimes.”
He watched Sherlock’s adam’s apple bob as he swallowed. “Yes, John. God I-” There was another sharp intake of breath as John shifted slightly, and he watched as Sherlock failed to contain a pitiful and desperate sob. “I can’t- please move. I need you to move.”
other than letting this swallow you both whole, because
“I never said that.”
The downside of Sherlock eating well- and God, John wouldn’t trade it back in a century- was the return of his energy. Not only had his pain been lessened by the recreational use, a mercy to them all, but he also hadn’t been restless, only alert and hyper focused. His mind was honed by the substances that Sherlock repeatedly told him quieted the whirling and spinning into one stream of fully powered thought. Driven. Ready for life’s challenges.
While in the past he never would have indulged such pettiness, John had called Mycroft after helping Sherlock to bed the night before. There was no animosity over Sherlock’s stubbornness, and that lack of anger might have been the most terrifying part of all.
“For...” He asked hesitantly.
. His job was at the clinic with Sarah and drippy nosed patients that couldn’t comprehend viruses were not shortened with the use of antibiotics. Caring for his family was entirely different. It was his duty.
Sherlock’s cheek and splattering him with the already dripping pre-come gathered at the tip.
“My brother is an idiot.”
Hospital tea was terrible, but hospital coffee could only be described as retribution. At least John deserved it this time. He knew he shouldn’t have said what he did, but it was true. There was no possible way he would have stayed at Baker Street longer than a week if he had not been absolutely enamored with the very concept of someone like Sherlock Holmes existing. The first week was all it had taken before John had fallen far too deep in love to ever walk away.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice rang ojt though the sitting room door, and John heard the relief mix with a twinge of pain. Bugger! He needed his medication.
Still, it would be cruel to get Sherlock’s hopes up. He didn’t intend to ditch the chair, not only anytime soon but at all. Using these still sounded bloody exhausting.
So John headed towards the tube station, racking his brain for an answer that wouldn’t leave him looking like an idiot coming home with his tail between his legs, until he determined it was unavoidable. No matter what he brought, the shame would remain.
John knew that she had dusted and swept their flat while they had been to Sherlock’s appointment but neither of them spoke of it. All Mrs Hudson ever wanted was to help and be included. Still, he knew it was well past time to bring her flowers or out to dinner for her role as not-their-housekeeper-but-definately-their-family. Angelo’s was never a bad option and if they could go on a three day, then Sherlock would enjoy it as well. He had hope that, with the oxycodone, there would be more of those.
Was it wrong that John, who admittedly didn’t care for his leg braces at all and had begun to slack on them just a bit, was absolutely dreading the idea of trying to remain upright on anything that hadn’t been proven? He could only imagine them crumbling to pieces and him being thrown to the ground with them.
is the reason that people abuse their medications. The pills make them feel better than their lives do.” Doctor Fletcher told them, and poked Sherlock in the shoulder roughly. “Quit the act, Holmes, I knew you were awake the minute I walked in the room. How is your pain? The
“What on earth is that?” John said, getting out of the lift and gesturing to the large crate currently blocking his way to the sofa where he had been greatly looking forward to stretching out after a long day at the surgery. “And what are you doing here?”
