“Can’t say I did,” Cas says flatly. The tightness in his expression is barely noticeable, but Dean can tell it’s there. Losing his grace has never stopped being a touchy subject for Cas.
Castiel bends down to meet Dean’s lips, moaning at the friction when his neglected erection drags against Dean’s stomach. He slides his finger back inside Dean’s opening. Then, when he thinks Dean is accustomed to the sensation again, he adds a second. Dean tenses momentarily before he relaxes into the motion, rocking his hips gently as Castiel’s fingers scissor and stretch inside him.
Dean glares at Cas, and then at Jo for good measure, because she’s sitting at the bar, all the way at the other end of the restaurant, a smug grin on her face and a tumbler of whiskey in her hand.
By the time Dean walks back into the corridor, duffle slung over his shoulder and colt in hand, Cas and Sam have apparently moved on.
“Oh, I don’t think I will. I have some lovely plans for this one.” He turns his face into Cas’ neck, lips almost touching the spot where blood is still dripping sluggishly. “You’re exactly my type, darling. I’m weak for a pretty pair of blue eyes.”
Cas takes another moment to look Sam up and down, shaking his head like he can’t believe any of this is happening. Then he aims that happy expression of his at Dean, and it gets really fucking hard to keep the lines of his own face stiff and cold. His lips try to twitch. His feet are itching to get closer and make sure this is real.
Dean chuckles. “Let’s just say, we mostly have the meetings for Donatello to air his grievances. When one of
Dean’s life has become very confusing very, very quickly. Less than two weeks ago, he would’ve said that nothing could make him happier than to find Cas and try to reconnect with him. Now, he’s not so sure.
Castiel’s response is cut off by a clatter of rapid footsteps from behind the curtain. A moment later, the curtain flies open to reveal a small boy about Claire’s age with tousled, light brown hair. He’s carrying a ludicrously large box of crayons and two pads of paper. “Hello,” he says, lifting up his free hand in a small wave. “I’m Jack.”
the idea. Thinks it’s the perfect, fun little event to dispel all those rumors and get public buy-in for his plans for the town.”
The voice disappears on a flutter of wind at the back of Castiel’s neck, and he smiles against Dean’s lips.
When her struggle finally came to an end, exactly two years ago today, Castiel was in his early thirties and the two of them hadn’t lived in Porto Azzurro for years.
Even now, however, the unease doesn’t leave her. After two more hours of fretting, she realizes there is another thing left to be done.
“Yeah, yeah, Einstein. It’s all relative. We get it.” At Cas’ affronted look, Dean dusts off the flirtatious grin he hasn’t used in God knows how long. “Honestly, it’s been a day, and apparently this is a universe where restaurants and bars exist. Wanna go grab a beer and a burger?”
But you don’t get that kind of quality for twenty bucks, so he pulls a bottle of Jack off the shelf instead. “Nah, man. Just need it cheap today.” He tries for a wink, and he thinks he pulls it off.
He passes Castiel his drink and sits down opposite him on the couch. “So. Planning to tell me why you need ten thousand dollars?”
Surprisingly, Claire wasn’t all that excited to have more of her clothes and toys returned to her. Instead, she’s been content to play with the toys they already had and spend time with the horses at the inn whenever possible. The bear she got from Bobby has become her favorite nighttime comfort item, and she sometimes asks to stop by the store for a visit, which more often than not results in more gifts. As a consequence, the front yard and living room have begun to acquire an impressive collection of carved animals.
Cas shrugs, eyes darting up and down the vaguely dormitory-like corridor, with its long row of numbered doors. “Figured it was some kind of bad trip. But if you’re here too, that can’t be it. Unless…” Cas tilts his head, squinting, in the way that always opens something raw and gaping in Dean’s chest. The mannerism is one of the few reminders of Cas from life before Croatoan. “Did we get high together?”
Dean tries to pedal and get the bike back on track, but right as Castiel draws level with him, it starts to tip over. Lightning-quick, Castiel darts forward and wraps his arms around Dean’s middle to steady him, but Dean is so startled by this that he lets go of the handlebars. Castiel has just enough time to regret his choices before the two of them go down together, tangled up with the bike. His breath is knocked out of him as he hits the ground.
It doesn’t come. Instead, Dean smiles, and this time it looks genuine. “Castiel,” he says slowly, trying it out. “That’s nice. What does it mean?”
Missouri's unruffled, of course, and Patience is playing with blocks in the far corner of the room. Cas is sitting very still and blinking a lot.
“Please don’t worry about us,” Cas says, and smiles at the little girl, who is eyeing both him and Dean cautiously. “Hello, Patience. My name is Cas. And that is Dean,” he adds, pointing.
He eventually tracks down a garage that’ll take him on. Engine repair is work he knows how to do, and that he even enjoys most of the time. Also, keeping his hands busy is one of the few reliable ways — well, the few reliable ways that don’t involve being naked with Cas — to shut off his brain, with its incessant gallery of nightmarish memories.
Dean figured that between his brother and his shop, he had everything he’d ever need. And then Cas walked into his life. Rumpled and gorgeous, with a grouchy attitude, and blue eyes that Dean never wanted to look away from.
“I’ll say,” Dean mumbles, but he digs out his knife again and holds it against the skin of his palm for a few seconds. “Happy now?”
“There’s no use arguing with him,” Sam says as he rises off his barstool. “He’s stubborn as hell. You sure you don’t wanna stay a little bit longer? If you don’t mind me saying so, you look tired.”
Cas smiles, the upward tilt of his lips almost involuntary. He grips Dean’s hand a little tighter, and feels Dean’s lips against his cheek as they shape the words of the next few lines.
“Sadly, yes,” Missouri continues. “They persuaded Kennard to turn over his patent rights to the company, which kept him from making money on his own design. The company opened production facilities in several other cities, but Kennard never saw another cent. His friends forced him out.”
Dean asks after Castiel’s family, and even though it’s usually a painful subject, Castiel finds himself talking more about his parents and brother than he has in years. The way his mother would sing as she moved around the kitchen. That time Michael tried to convince Castiel there was a real angel living in their garden shed.
In spite of his pounding head, his upset stomach and the taste of vomit in his mouth, Dean smiles. “Eileen really said all that?”
nothing, Cas,” Dean says, earnestly. “If it hadn’t been for you, Adler would’ve kicked me off the train. I’d be out in the middle of nowhere right now, sitting on my ukulele.”
to get it out in the open. There’s no possible way he could keep it bottled up, not when Dean keeps sending him soft glances and small, private smiles as they finish decorating and setting up the games alongside Benny and Andrea.
“No,” Jo agrees. “It’d be an incredibly hard thing to do to yourself. And why do it in a moldy vacant littered with used needles, five blocks from your house? But that’s not even the weird part.”
Castiel thinks of his own childhood, growing up in the Novak house; of how all the toys and expensive clothes and first-rate education he received still left him feeling lonely at the end of the day. Perhaps Dean has a point — perhaps he would have had a better childhood if his parents had been more focused on the family’s happiness than on its reputation.
Dean nods, twisting to reach his bedside table. He pulls open the drawer and thanks his lucky stars when he finds the bottle of lube inside still half full. “Don’t have condoms though.” He blushes a little. “I haven’t ever brought anybody back here. Haven’t really hooked up with anybody in a long time, actually.”
“Doug used to run the pizza place on the edge of town, and Donna had a food truck in the square that sold ice cream,” Mildred says from her spot in the second row. “They started dating some years back. This was while you were still in DC, Dean.”
A crinkling sounds over the line, and Dean recognizes it as the sound of a tea bag wrapper being torn open. Cas sighs, the sound ghosting over the speaker with a hiss. “Dean, this is my life. I can’t just hide at our apartment and hope that no one figures out something’s wrong with me. I mean, what if…” A pause, and another breath. “What if I never get the memories back?”
At first, Dean doesn’t think too much about it. Fall is prime fly season in California, so when the thing keeps buzzing past his ear at breakfast, it’s mostly just annoying.
A new person starts to share the car with Dean and Sam. The first time he slides into the front seat, I breathe him in, and the sharp edges smooth out. I soon come to know his name: Castiel.
Dean pauses for breath, looking for the next words, but finds he doesn’t have any. He glances at John, who’s speechless too, slack-jawed and crimson-faced, and Jo, who looks almost comically shocked.
Castiel parks the car in the small gravel lot to the left of the inn and watches as Claire unbuckles herself, immediately darting for the open door of the stable building.
“I still might not,” Castiel reminds him, wiggling his empty tumbler at Gabriel in a silent request for more. Gabriel obliges, refreshing both their drinks. This time, he adds ice to Castiel’s.
“For one thing,” Dean says, “we can find you and Patience a safe place to stay. Somewhere with other people around. And I’m pretty sure one of those people is like you. I mean, not psychic, but she knows about demons. How to fight them.”
With a mighty clatter, the steel doors fall open, and a sharp breeze whips through the room. From his position on the floor, Dean can just see a short, squat silhouette, holding a stake in one hand and a cross in the other, a fierce expression only slightly undermined by the riotous pattern of Donatello’s sweater.
“No. Nope.” Dean shakes his head emphatically as he fishes a couple more buns out of the toaster oven with bare fingers, hissing at the heat. “God, no. Never gonna happen.”
A sigh rustles down the line. “Okay, so, once I figured out that he was Castiel Shurley, it didn’t take me long to find out more about him, and it’s standard procedure for us to enter the names and basic information for all the people we find into our system. Which, I know, horribly invasive, but the info is never used again if the connection ends up not working out.”
Castiel rises too, moving to cut her off. “Mother, you can’t keep me out of my own daughter’s life. Claire is—”
Jo huffs. “You’re one to talk. Remember that time we almost got mauled by a werewolf because you fucking stepped on it?” Pitching her voice easily a whole octave higher than her normal register, she simpers, “It was dark, Jo. I couldn’t see where I was going, Jo. My pocket square got a blood stain on it, Jo.”
A soft kiss lands at Castiel’s hairline, and within minutes, he’s asleep, feeling completely safe and entirely loved.
want to fix it, and it took Purgatory, and the fear that he’d finally lost Cas for good, to make the words come.
Castiel slumps back against the pillows. They’re too thin, too hard to be truly comfortable, and they smell faintly of mildew.
“So… how did you find out that I was Jimmy?” Castiel asks finally, half-distracted by thoughts of Dean’s full, pink lips, and what a pleasing contrast they make against his gently tanned skin.
“I can see it now," Cas says. “There's something hollow about it. You can tell no one’s ever lived there.”
When the next taxi pulls up, he shoulders his way to the front, wrenches open the back door and slides inside. As he pulls the door shut behind him, he thinks he catches a couple of people exchanging impressed nods, like he just passed some kind of test.
The days when hope wins out are my favorites. I hear the sounds of teasing and laughter in the front seat, the cheerful roar of music from my tape deck, and I know that this is how things are meant to be. I feel the way Dean relaxes into the driver’s seat, and let the warmth of his happiness wash over me.
Inside, Castiel can see Dean arranging a pair of skeletons at the table nearest the window. Both of them are elegantly attired, one in an old-fashioned wedding dress and the other in a suit; Dean is busy knotting that skeleton’s tie.
Greetings accomplished, Castiel waits as Dean fills his reusable travel mug with fragrant black coffee, and the two of them chat about largely banal things: how the kids are doing in school, what the weather is going to be like later, whether Donatello is ever going to find out who put Charlie’s statue in the chair next to the cash register at his store overnight. (It was Garth, who had been doing inventory at the store the previous evening.)
“We don’t know that. Now, what I was supposed to do was email you to let you know the general area where he lives and ask if you wanted us to get in touch with him. That’s the standard protocol. But I… I wasn’t sure I should do that.”
Castiel shakes his head, trying to look unaffected, but it’s a struggle. Naomi is voicing all the fears he himself had when he first left — all the fears that still sometimes eat at him. Did he truly do this for Claire, or for himself? Was it really in Claire’s best interest to take her out from under the protection and privilege that comes with the Novak name?
With a roll of his eyes and a blush, Sam leans in and pecks her on the lips. Castiel’s eyes wander back to Dean, who's watching his brother with a small smile on his face. In the immediate aftermath of Dean’s return, some mixture of adrenaline, happiness and relief apparently prompted Sam to drive directly to Eileen’s apartment and confess his feelings for her. Or, as Dean puts it, Sam “finally got his head out of his ass and realized he better lock her down before she figures out she’s too damn good for him.”
“Sam? Dean?” A breathless voice cuts through the room, and a second later, Garth strolls in, wearing a headset and clutching a clipboard. “You’re about to miss the nine a.m. meeting, fellas. You know how the boss feels about that. Come on now.” He looks up from his clipboard and takes in Dean’s bedhead and boxers. “Better get dressed first, I guess.”
Dean’s kneejerk reaction is to come back with the most hurtful possible retort; how, unlike some people, he’s not on a mission to melt his brain out of his skull. But Cas keeps talking, like he knows not to give Dean the rope to hang himself with. “No, that can’t be it. One, you’ve never agreed to do that before. And two, I feel disgustingly sober.”
“Great. She’ll have an awesome time,” Dean says, eyes lighting up. “There’s always lots of people in great costumes, and me and the other business owners, we give out candy and go all out with the decorations.” He waves a hand in the direction of the skeletons occupying precious real estate inside the diner. “You know, in case you couldn’t tell.”
. That way, you'll be alerted every time I post something new. (If you want to know what that something new is, stick around for the endnote after the epilogue.)
For the longest ten seconds of Dean’s life, Cas says nothing. The guy behind Dean clears his throat again.
“I should take Claire home,” Castiel says, rising from his chair. “It’s getting close to her bedtime.”
Castiel suddenly finds that he doesn’t want to hear what Dean is about to say. Not like this. Not when there’s no possible way he can draw Dean close and kiss him until they’re both short of breath.
“I am,” he answers, and though he feels a little unsteady on his feet, it's unquestionably true. “Thank you for being here with us today, Jack.”
When Castiel’s stomach accepts the first cup of coffee without incident, he pours another and nibbles on some dry toast. He boots up the computer and starts researching the resale value of his Continental.
The more recent photograph, for all that it’s different, is also very similar: a group of people who are wet, covered in sand and a little bit sunburnt, but beaming happily at the camera. Even Naomi is smiling, a small, enigmatic thing, her arms wrapped around Claire on one side and Jack on the other.
Now that Cas has all his memories again, he loves to talk about the early days of their relationship, to remind Dean of jokes they shared and places they went together. Some of those are things Dean barely remembers himself, brought back to life by Cas’ excitement at reliving all of it.
Dean shakes his head, and Cas’ expression finally crumples. He lowers his head, both hands running through his hair. “God, what the hell is wrong with me? Why is this happening?”
“It doesn’t matter what I want.” He reaches down to take Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers. “I’m still a man, and I’m still poor as dirt. None of that has changed.”
They had a great couple of weeks after that, whenever Sam was off somewhere else, as he was more and more often. Dean didn’t think anything of it, too busy enjoying the feel of Cas’ skin under his hands, the sounds he made when he lost control and fell apart with Dean’s mouth around his cock.
Naomi looks up, surprised, from where she was sweeping a small stack of crumbs off a table and into her open palm. “I know,” she says, matter-of-fact, and deposits the crumbs on top of the dishes.
Dean’s meatloaf is actually pretty damn good — not $18 good, but close enough — and he barely even notices the way Cas is picking listlessly at whatever green thing he ended up ordering.
“Anytime, Charles.” Dean gestures at the newcomer. “Not sure if you guys have met officially, but this is Charlie Bradbury.” He inclines his head at Cas and Gabe in turn. “This is Cas, and…”
A visitor with urgent undertaking needs at this ungodly hour would find himself ushered by a small man in a tailcoat and horn-rimmed glasses into a warm sitting room, with comfortably upholstered chairs and large floral arrangements. Perhaps the visitor would wonder why a second man, seated at a small table in the back of the room, doesn’t so much as offer a greeting. Or why the sound of fast-paced jazz emanates faintly from beyond the wall at the man’s back.
Accordingly, Claire is back in school and Castiel is back at work, where a surprise waits for him almost as soon as he gets behind the front desk. It comes in the shape of Mildred, who approaches him with a pleased smile on her face.
The plan is that Dean will come by with Jack at about seven-thirty and they’ll put the kids to bed together, in time for Garth’s arrival at eight-thirty.
Dean shrugs, rubbing his hands together to keep the spring chill at bay. “Not exactly. They were supposed to be. Some out-of-town developer said they had big plans. Put up that new building. Around the time they were supposed to start leasing the apartments though, like a year ago, they claimed there was some kind of plumbing issue. No one’s ever moved in. That’s where they found Gordon’s body.”
It takes all of Castiel’s self-control not to launch himself at Dean and kiss him then and there. He can’t afford mistakes. He has to see this story through to its end: a declaration of love, and
Dean walks back into the bathroom, where Meg is still sitting on the toilet seat, staring into space. He waits until she’s noticed him, then takes a deep breath. Once he says the words, there’s no going back.
Dean forces himself to shut that thought down. Things between the two of them are too broken. It’s his fault Cas turned from a flawed, sarcastic, but surprisingly hopeful person into a strung-out wreck. Even if the drugs are out of his system now, there’s no coming back from that.
Castiel ducks his head, panting harshly as he gets used to the hot, full, tight sensation of Dean inside him.
?” A vein at the side of Donatello’s neck bulges dangerously, and his face goes from red to purple. “Really, Castiel! I expected much better of you!”
As he was talking to the officer, Castiel watched through the store’s glass front as the last bus home drove off into the night.
“It was mostly my fault that we didn’t,” Cas mumbles. The set of his shoulders is suddenly stiff, tense. “But I… enjoyed myself very much.”
The finality of Cas’ voice cuts through the tension in the room like a blade, and all eyes turn to him. Dean recognizes the expression Cas wears when there’s absolutely no reasoning with him. He has to try anyway.
“Read the dedication,” Dean says quietly. Cas shoots him one more dubious glance from underneath dark lashes, but opens the book, leafing to the relevant page.
They set off in the early afternoon, heading out of downtown and driving up the winding, hilly road to the Griffith Observatory. Jimmy stares, slack-jawed, as he watches the hypnotic back-and-forth of the giant Foucault pendulum, and Castiel enjoys the way Dean’s eyes light up when he explains that the observatory’s dome was constructed in a way that makes the seams between panels practically invisible.
It takes Dean a long time to answer Castiel’s knock, long enough that Castiel actually considers he might have been wrong about hearing him come home in the first place. But just as he turns to leave, the door opens, and Dean stands there, in jeans and a t-shirt, clutching a pair of neatly folded socks and an electric razor.
Cas freezes, Dean’s eyes widening above him. When no one immediately stirs, Cas hurries back down the ladder and retrieves the whiskey.
Castiel frowns, confused. “You knew that. I told you I worked at the inn, the last time you were here.”
“Nina, are you sure it was a good idea to come here tonight? I’m worried about you. I’ve never seen your skin look so pale.”
Lightning-quick, Dean darts out and pulls the door closed. As he leans forward, he catches a glimpse of Meg, a pool of blood spreading around her, brown eyes staring unseeing at the sky. His heartbeat is a frantic tattoo in his ears, and he can’t seem to pull in enough air through the mask.
, maybe. What about Cas? He’s keeping it together, but that’s without throwing a fucking hunt into the mix. Have you talked to
“You’ve got no idea. First three times, I went with my little brother Sammy, and I had to put up with his bitching the entire time. But he kinda owes me, so he went anyway.”
Bitterly, Castiel thinks back to Rowena’s theories, hopeful to the point of foolishness. True love’s kiss may very well be the key to breaking Dean’s curse, but how can Castiel kiss someone who is a mere wisp, a restless spirit wandering the darkness of eternal oblivion?
“Do you need a hand?” his mother asks, and Castiel almost drops his stack of plates smeared with cake (and pie) because he didn’t hear her coming.
In the living room, Naomi comes to an abrupt stop when she spots Meg on the couch, wearing sweatpants and a band shirt with a hole in the collar. “Castiel, aren’t you going to introduce me to your… friend?” she asks, with barely veiled disapproval.
Later that week, Andrea sends Castiel a few suggestions for local bakeries that could produce a cake for the party, offering to order the cake but asking for his input. This time, he makes sure to scroll through the options at the reception desk rather than in the kitchen. But Balthazar, always intent on causing trouble, fetches Meg as soon as he sees what Castiel is doing.
“Our wedding day, yeah.” It’s almost more than Dean can stand, to look at those pictures after the night he’s had.
Donatello, predictably, has been a stick-in-the-mud about this, submitting a letter to the editor which argued that the Halloween festival should be “family friendly” to “maximize its hospitality potential,” rather than “celebrating objectionable bodily fluids best not discussed outside the confines of one’s own home.”
Dean gives a stiff nod of thanks. Castiel feels the woman’s gaze follow them all the way back to the car.
They end up stopping just south of Monterey. It’s early afternoon on a Wednesday in October, so the beach is deserted.
“You tracked my phone?” Castiel asks, appalled, but not actually terribly surprised. Overbearing behavior of this sort is a fairly classic move in the Naomi Novak playbook.
“I don’t know about ‘lucky,’ Dean. You pay attention to him, and you encourage his interests,” Castiel says, watching as Rowena herds the children into a line by the ballet barre mounted to one of the walls. He shifts on his feet, trying to decide whether to say more. But really, Dean deserves to hear all this and more. “You’re a good father. That’s why Jack is happy. Luck has nothing to do with it.”
He sinks onto the edge of one of the chairs and hunches over, head cradled in his hands. What the fuck did he do? He was going on and on about the importance of his friendship with Cas, and now he’s gone and screwed it up.
Sergei takes the suitcase from Castiel with barely concealed eagerness. He thumbs through each bundle of cash several times before he’s satisfied. “Fine. And the IDs?”
After dinner, Castiel does yet another unusual thing: he goes for a swim in the pool with Claire, taking advantage of the summer-like heat that lingers even in mid-September.
pretty out of it when he called his brother that night. “So what, you’re calling me now to apologize for being a dick two weeks ago?”
“Yeah,” Dean agrees, quietly. It always gets to him, the air of vacant neglect that hangs over this neighborhood like an inescapable nightmare creature. He can't help but wonder how people manage to live here day-to-day without losing their minds. Maybe they don't. Cas' eyes slide away from the depressing sight of the empty building and meet Dean's, an echo of his own melancholy reflected back at him. They stay where they are, eyes fixed on each other, for much longer than is technically polite.
So while he’s certainly scared of what might be wrong with him, and confused at finding himself in this bizarre situation, the prevailing emotion he feels is one of betrayal. He’s lost something wonderful that’s rightfully his, and more than anything, he wants it back.
Around the same time, Cas stops wearing his trench coat and suit jacket inside the bunker. Dean doesn’t say anything about it. Not until the day he spots Cas in a t-shirt and sweatpants.
The boy takes in the highly suspicious bulge under Castiel’s shirt, and seems to come to some sort of decision.
When he walks into the shop, Signora Linetti is busy having a heated disagreement with a man on the other side of the counter, so Castiel decides to take a risk and steal something a little larger than he normally would. He strolls among the shelves for a little while, pretending to inspect the wares, before he reaches into one of the baskets holding ciabatta loaves and retrieves one with quick fingers. He’s halfway through pushing it underneath his shirt when Signora Linetti’s shrill voice rings out behind him.
Missouri generally considers herself well-preserved, but thirty years ago, she had a slimmer midsection, and her hair was perhaps a little fuller. She was sufficiently attractive at the time that she would sometimes run into trouble at the dingy, secretive bars where hunters sought each other’s company.
This is followed by a crash course in how to properly groom the horses, conducted by Jess, with assistance from Dave and Lou — mostly in the form of constant interruptions and clarifications.
“C’mon, Sammy,” Dean says, striding back to his place at the front of the room. “Get that stick outta your ass before Eileen takes it out for you.”
As Castiel walks across the shop floor to retrieve the broom leaning against a corner shelf, something catches his eye.
say that I’ve lived here a long time. I transferred here my senior year of college, thirteen years ago. I teach up at the school now, so I never really left.”
She smiles down at him. “We just operated on Mr. Singer. He’s out of surgery and he’s resting in a recovery suite.”
"Shit, really?" Dean closes the distance to the bed and collapses into the nearest chair. “Crowley was there?”
Dean manages to arrive at the Dixie Flyer’s station platform ten minutes before departure time, which he figures should earn him some credit.
Of course, she wasn’t allowed to go all the way to the gate with him, so he almost talked himself out of boarding at least five times. (One of those times, he actually threw up in the airport bathroom from sheer nerves. The dirty look he got from the cleaning lady is going to haunt his dreams.)
They all hold their noses as they climb the steps to the front door and Charlie unlocks the door, but the stink thankfully hasn’t penetrated the interior yet. It smells a little musty, in the way all houses do when they haven’t been aired out for a while, but it looks… nice.
“Naturally,” Josie says primly, taking a small sip of her drink. “I need a man — to be entirely clear, a husband — who won’t interfere with my running of the business.” She smiles, big enough to show off the glint of her canines. “Someone who’ll look pretty in pictures and make nice with the shareholders, but won’t otherwise get in my way.”
The sole discordant note is Garth’s banged-up, rusted minivan, already pulled into the top of the driveway.
Dean cheers inwardly. Maybe Blue Eyes just hasn’t gotten around to exploring the scene yet. It’s still a long shot, and Dean’s still got a rich heiress to find. But a warm body to enjoy for a few days, especially when it comes with a face like that? Dean’s not one to turn that down. “I’m Dean.” He sticks out his hand and the guy leans forward to shake it.
Dean slumps against him, his quick, ragged breaths huffing against the side of Castiel’s throat. After much too little time, Dean pulls back and rubs at his eyes, glancing down at Jimmy, who has wandered up to join them.
They both return his nod, and the guy favors them each with a quick, business-like handshake. “Mick Davies. Mr. Ketch’s live-in assistant.”
Cas nods again. Under the shade of the tree, it’s hard to see, but Dean thinks Cas’ cheeks might be a little pink. Dean bites his lip, trying to figure out how to come at this new piece of information. In the end, he decides to just man up and ask.
On the ride to Cas’ apartment, Dean had asked again about the events of the previous night. Cas found himself reluctant to share exactly what he saw, so he spun a half-truth about a man coming to the store and making threatening remarks. He nodded along quietly to Dean’s concerned suggestions about asking the neighborhood beat cop to stop by during Cas’ next shift, or barring the man from the store.
“Yes, we… we think so. My husband has suspected for a while, but I didn’t… I didn’t believe—” Cas breaks off, looking physically pained. Dean puts a hand on his shoulder, squeezing, and Cas flashes him a small, uncertain smile.
For the longest five seconds of Dean’s life, there’s silence at the other end of the line. Then, “Which hospital are you at?”
“You want me to?” Dean asks, even though the answer is there, loud and clear, in Cas’ heavy breaths and darkened eyes.
“That’s good,” Garth says, sounding half distracted already. “I walked Sam and his young friend downstairs for the meeting a few minutes ago, but your, uh, other friend here said he’d wait for you.” He nods at the couch to Dean’s left, where Cas is sitting, deliberately tapping the fingers of one hand against his thigh.
“I’d really like to go somewhere where we can be alone. And unless I’m really, horribly misreading the situation, you’d like that too?”
“Now, Castiel,” Roman says after an excruciating twenty minutes or so, leaning forward in his padded leather chair. “Do you have any questions for me?”
“I haven’t been on a date with anyone other than my wife since college,” Castiel admits. “So I’m more than a
Mildred tips her head back and forth, considering. “Well… I do have a job available, though it’s only part-time, and it’s working at reception. I have two night receptionists and I usually trade the day shifts with Balthazar, but I don’t do so well being on my feet for long periods of time anymore. You don’t happen to have any experience working in hospitality, do you?”
When it comes, he accelerates. The car’s got a V6 under the hood. Nothing to write home about, but he manages zero to sixty in five seconds, by his count.
Dean remembers that day, how he was still too angry to listen, Rowena’s words sliding off the mile-high wall he’d built to contain his hurt and grief.
They don’t talk much more after that, and Cas goes back to studying his tablet. Dean must nod off, because when he opens his eyes, they’re in Georgia.
Benny snorts. “It was you and Garth who wanted the mixers in the first place. I ain’t about the girlie drinks, and nor’s Dean.”
Dean holds a silent conversation with his husband. It takes less than ten seconds, but an entire battle plan is formed and agreed upon within that short span of time.
Castiel refrains from pointing out that the concept of a birthday pie is exotic at best and non-existent at worst, because he likes to think that, occasional poor decision-making notwithstanding, his survival instincts are actually quite solid.
“Do you happen to own any real estate?” Adler’s eyes meet Castiel’s. His smile is a lot less pronounced than it was earlier.
Satisfied that he’s done what he can for now, Castiel picks up the picture of himself, Amelia and Claire off the nightstand. It’s not a posed family portrait of the kind favored by his parents. Instead, it’s a candid shot captured the first time they took Claire on a beach vacation, to Ocean City on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. It was the kind of destination Amelia liked — fun and loud, with people grilling in their front yards and little kids causing mayhem on the boardwalk. Claire loved it there too, even though she was only two years old at the time.
It’s just that he really, really, really hates flying. Hates it so much, he took his friend Charlie to the airport with him to make sure he’d actually get on the stupid metal death trap that was going to take him halfway around the world.
“Nice to meet you, Cas.” Dean dials up the wattage on his smile, just a little. He might be kidding himself, but he thinks Cas looks a little bashful when he smiles back.
It takes no more than a handful of strokes of his hand for Castiel to follow Dean over the edge, every muscle in his body pulled taut and then releasing as he wraps around Dean, wanting him close and safe.
No answer comes, but Castiel wasn’t expecting it to. Another thing he wasn’t expecting is for Balthazar to arrive a few minutes later and offer to provide a ride home. Castiel pulls him into a hug, which Balthazar returns with a tentative pat to Castiel’s back.
Dean scoffs. “It’s Winchester. But honestly, don’t bother. The latest news on zoning laws doesn’t really hold a candle to our city’s most famous stripper.”
he still have his BMW? Dean is right: he’s always hated it. It feels like a tool, an accessory meant to impress colleagues and clients — except that never particularly mattered to Castiel even when he still worked for Novak Industries.
Castiel does his best to focus on a journal article about ancient Mesopotamia, but his attention keeps straying to Dean instead. Dean is staring down at his mechanical engineering text, making small, frustrated grunting and huffing noises. Castiel bites his lip to stop an undignified giggle from escaping.
Garth looks back at him, clearly unimpressed with his attitude. “Our secret knock. Morse code for ‘friend.’”
Over the years, his thoughts often circled back to the summer he spent with Dean. Sometimes, he would retrieve the old shoe box of letters from inside his closet, dig up the most recent one, and run his finger over the words, written in Dean’s hand.
John turns his attention back to the rest of the room. “We only have two hunters who aren’t on assignment right now. Dean, you’ll be teaming with Jo Harvelle. Sam, you and young Jack here can go with Derek Young on the vamp case. You’ll leave first thing tomorrow.”
“I remember you were so happy that summer you met him,” she says. “I'm not sure I've seen you that happy since.”
A single tear slides down Cas’ face, and Dean strokes his thumb across Cas’ cheek to wipe it away. “What do we think the policy is on two dudes kissing in the middle of a public square in China?”
It also helps that they’re making a lot of new memories. Some of Dean’s favorite ones, in fact, happen that summer.
“This is the twenty-first century, Castiel, and your cell phone is on the family plan. Do try to keep up.”
It didn’t seem like he should ask the LAPD for a ride, especially with the back seat occupied by a yelling drunk, so he’s been sitting behind the cash register, aware of the minutes ticking away, trying to think. Jimmy is staying at Missouri’s for the night, as he usually does when Castiel has a late shift, so that’s one less thing to worry about.
Dean’s slightly annoyed expression gentles, his eyes roaming Castiel’s face. “Yeah, of course,” he says, motioning for Castiel to come in before he steps back to hold the door open.
Once it seemed that Claire was over the worst of her adjustment period, Castiel returned to work and applied himself more than he ever had before, determined not to focus on all the ways his life had changed. His efforts resulted in a promotion to manager of the accounting department and eventually to CFO, with his very own corner office looking out over Pennsylvania Avenue.
.” He points at a display of bomboloni. The fried pastry is sprinkled with a whisper-thin dusting of sugar, its shape fat and round from all the apricot jam inside. Castiel hasn’t had one of those in… he can’t actually remember.
Hands trembling, Castiel lowers the phone from his ear and lets it drop to the floor. He doesn’t realize anyone is talking to him until Balthazar grips him by the shoulders and starts shaking him.
Castiel pulls past the house, following the driveway down to the garage — essentially an underground bunker that sits directly below the main house, connected to one of the first-floor corridors by a staircase and access door.
“I run a business, not a charity,” Dean grumbles, but he starts filling a to-go cup at the coffee maker. When he’s done, he points between Castiel and Sam. “Cas, this is my little brother, Sammy. Sammy, this is Cas.”
“Bobby owns the antiques store right over there,” Dean explains, pointing to a storefront that sits across the square from his diner. “You should go see it. Bobby’s a cantankerous old bastard, but he’s got a good heart.”
Unsurprisingly, the two Sams hit it off right away. As soon as they run into each other, they retreat to the library to go through a whole pile of dusty tomes and figure out whether any possible harm could come from having two versions of Team Free Will hang out in the same universe.
That’s all Dean sees before he slumps onto the couch in the sitting room and turns on the massive TV like he should’ve been doing all along.
Dean licks his lips. His fingers try to twitch, but he forces them to stay curled around the steering wheel. “To testify against Crowley. Thought you’d be happy to see him put away.”
“No, we won’t,” Gabe says, before he rattles off another fast couple of notes to impress a blonde hopping past him in her rhinestone-embroidered one-piece.
“Hello, Dean. What a pleasure to finally meet you,” says the thing wearing Sam’s face. It speaks with Sam’s voice, but the nasal, oily tone isn’t one Dean’s ever heard his brother use. “I’ve watched you, of course, but there’s nothing quite like a good old face-to-borrowed-face, is there?”
Cas hums. “She may well be. I doubt it's wise, in the long run, to kill HunterCorp personnel. The company has access to tremendous resources."
“You know what I’ve been like,” Cas says, and there’s a challenge in his eyes now, like he’s daring Dean to make something of that knowledge. “I don’t remember the last time I wasn’t high on
Dean nods and slips off the bed. Cas closes his eyes and fists his hands under the sheets, not wanting to be tempted any more than he already has been tonight.
“I already have that book, Daddy. I have all the Dr. Seuss books. Grandma Naomi got me a big box of them for my last birthday.”
Cas steps forward. “It’s nice to meet you,” he says, but it comes out so toneless, it’s practically an insult.
The next day, local news airs an interview with the fire marshal, who drones on about an electrical fault. Somehow, Dean doesn’t think that’s the real story. Nick’s parting words echo in his ears: “I think you’ll see soon enough how persuasive I can be.”
“I’m sorry your mashed potatoes suck,” Meg snarls, squirming out of Castiel’s grip and planting her feet.
Dean shrugs. “My brother talked me into it. He thought I needed to, how’d he put it, ‘work through my grief.’ Like Nick died or something, instead of just being a creepy, possessive, emotionally unavailable asshole.”
When they reach the square, they find at least twenty people gathered in front of the gazebo. At the center of the crowd stands an older man in a knitted sweater, his white hair in a state of advanced disarray.
“Hey Cas, Claire,” Dean says, smiling. His smile flickers a little when he turns to face Naomi. “And you must be Mrs. Novak.”
Cas shakes his head regretfully. “No.” His mind casts around for other excuses to keep Dean in his bed just a little while longer, when a brilliant idea occurs to him. “But I know where we can find some.” Feeling daring, he adds, “Don’t move,” and grins at the small salute Dean gives him in response.
With Nick passed out in the passenger seat, it’ll be a whole lot harder to make it look like self-defense. But he can’t worry about that now. Dean takes a moment to mourn the fact that he left Jimmy’s bullet at home, on his bedside table. There would’ve been a certain poetic justice to it, using that bullet to end the threat to Jimmy’s life.
Something about Cas’ apologetic grimace, the way he squints just a little and chews at his lip, makes Dean’s discomfort melt into a puddle at his feet. “Nah, man. It’s… it’s alright. He wasn’t really much of a dad even on his best days. Drank a lot. Yelled. That kind of thing.” Dean looks down at his sneakers, watching the rhythm of their
They fill the grave back up as quickly as they can, Missouri pausing to say a prayer for the spirit of the deceased. Then, they hightail it out of there, Dean’s heart trying to jump up his throat the whole way.
Dean had the presence of mind to bring along a picnic blanket and a cooler of beer. Between the three of them, they drag everything onto the sand. Sam steps away to make a call, but by the time Castiel and Dean have spread out the blanket and settled down with some beers, he’s back.
It’s not until he finishes his turn in the bathroom that Dean realizes Cas didn’t mean for them to share a bed at all. Instead of waiting in their bed, he’s lying on the couch in the darkened living room, a blanket drawn over his shoulders and his back turned to Dean.
Cas snorts, and immediately stifles the sound with his hand. In addition to his policy on alcohol, Adler was also very clear about his views regarding after-hours bunk visits. Still, Cas says, voice shaky with mirth, “I don’t think your ukulele would survive being sat on.”
Castiel nods, and fights down the urge to put his thumb to Dean’s forehead and smooth away the worried frown there.
Meg looks away, and for a few seconds, she doesn’t answer. When she turns back to face Dean, exhaustion is carved into every line of her face. “If I don’t, they come after Cas and Jimmy.”
It takes Dean’s brain a few moments to click back into sync with their conversation. “Oh. Right. Wait, I know you didn’t call to apologize for
When Cas withdraws, he accidentally knocks a reporter’s notebook off the counter. “Sorry,” he mutters, and bends to retrieve it, noticing as he does so that the notebook is printed with Baltimore Star letterhead. “You work for the Star?”
Every word is thick with sarcasm, and Dean knows he should just shut up, but he at least has to set the record straight here. “OK, no. I don’t rob anything. All I do is drive.”
Weighed down by shovels, guns, salt and various other equipment that Eileen insists is necessary for their protection, it takes them a good twenty minutes to reach Kennard’s gravesite.
“Well,” Rowena says slowly. “I have a theory. Mind you, that’s all it is: a theory. You see, Castiel’s soul is not meant to be in Hell, so it shouldn’t affect him the way it does others.”
“Yeah. Sure.” Dean whispers a soft kiss against the side of Castiel’s head. When they sit down on the couch, Castiel presses against Dean’s side, and Dean pulls up his arm so Castiel can slot himself under it.
Dean is busy shelving some new arrivals in the vinyl section, so he doesn’t have a direct view of the newcomer, but a loud, cheerful, “What’s up, bitch?” makes that irrelevant anyway.
the man he never expected to find back in his life, but who has walked right in anyway, for the second time this week.
Cas snorts. “I know for a fact that Charlie is interested in women in general, and Dorothy in particular. So pull the other one.”
“So when a missive arrived, summoning me to the king’s court…” The drink of whiskey in his hand is replaced by a piece of parchment. It reads, in looping, old-fashioned writing,
When people ask about his first kiss, he tells them it was Robin Jenkins, behind the bleachers at one of the many high schools he attended. It’s a nice, bland story that nobody really asks him to elaborate on, unless there’s a follow-up question about whether she also took his virginity. (She didn’t. That was Cassie Robinson, about two years later.)
“Believe me, Cas, I would’ve been right there with you an hour ago. Just… don’t you think it’s an awfully big coincidence? This woman tells me she’ll make you forget about me, I come home, and you have?”
“It’s not confusing, because you're dead,” Cas mumbles tonelessly, voice muffled by fluffy down and Egyptian cotton.
Cas holds out his hand in silent demand, and Dean passes him the flask. Cas takes a thoughtful gulp. “You know what’s a joke? Before we left for this trip, my brother spent the last two dollars we had on a dog called Greased Lightning, and it came in last.” He takes another sip, then adds, completely deadpan, “Maybe if they hadn’t greased it, it would have run faster.”
They’ve reached the stretch now where the grade looks manageable. Dean tries to picture himself back on the movie set, strapped into his racing belt and containment seat, the assistant director lowering his arm to give him the go-ahead.
“I’m fine, Hannah. Just tired,” he says, hoping the excuse is enough to discourage further conversation on the subject. “And the answer is Fire and Ice,” he adds, for the benefit of both Hannah and the third member of their team, a quiet but likable college student named Alfie.
After another minute of quiet suffering, he lifts his head to find a waitress has appeared carrying two shots of báijiǔ on a tray. Castiel gulps, nausea welling up again.
“Hmm.” Dean watches as the light of late afternoon slowly fades outside, lending the air a lovely, soft color that Beijing sunsets don’t often have. There’s been hardly any smog all week, and it feels almost like the city is trying to show its best face to say goodbye to them.
For a minute or two, they say nothing. Dean’s hands are folded in his lap and he’s staring off at some indeterminate point in the distance, jaw clenched.
Cas turns, and Dean is suddenly so tired of seeing that defeated slump of his shoulders every time he walks away.
Shaking off his unease, Dean turns to see the painting Garth is pointing at, recessed in a small alcove to the left of the staircase. It’s a painting of Ketch, or a man who looks an awful lot like him. Except he’s wearing the kind of ruffled collar that went out of fashion with the Renaissance.
Dean thinks this over. “So they were people whose deaths wouldn’t raise too many questions. Who might not be found for a while, because no one would bother looking.”
, so Castiel pulls him closer, licking at the seam of his lips and gasping when Dean’s thigh pushes between his legs.
His brain is screaming at him, trying to let panic take over, but he pushes back hard. This is not the time.
When nothing happens, Sam frowns at him. “You’re awfully loud for someone who’s gotta be nursing one hell of a hangover.”
“Kinda hard to forget,” he answers, voice gone breathless with the way Cas is grinding against him, pushing his hard length against the sharp jut of Dean’s hip.
All of which adds up to one thing: within the next hour, all of Lebanon is going to know that Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester are an item... before they’ve even had their first date.
“Yeah,” Dean whispers, and ducks his chin. His lips brush against Castiel’s, no more than a gentle nudge. That won’t do at all. Castiel tilts his head and presses back firmly, coaxing Dean to open for him with the insistent push of his lips and the slide of his tongue. With a low moan, Dean does, his beautiful mouth wet and pliant.
Dean nods, resigned, and they settle down to talk about literally anything other than Dean’s troubles: the order of books that was supposed to arrive two days ago and still hasn’t come, Charlie’s plans for her upcoming LARPing event, the date of their next movie night, the question of when Sam is finally going to ask out Eileen. Any time Charlie goes to help a customer, Dean checks his phone for a text from Cas, just in case, but none ever comes.
Before Donatello can respond, general chaos erupts as more and more people jump out of their seats to shout, “I threw the snowball!” Within a minute, there’s no one left sitting.
When Castiel gets home, feeling considerably more hopeful than before, he finds yet another visitor sitting on the steps to the third floor, but it isn’t Sam this time.
Presumably spotting the flash of panic on Dean’s face, she adds, “And before you even think of skipping town, you should know that I’ve got your home address, your car’s license and registration, your Social Security number, and a lot more bits and pieces that’ll make you extremely easy to find.”
“Oh, my darling Samuel! If I’d known you were coming, I would have made more of an effort to look presentable.”
I didn’t tell these kind people that I was planning to have my characters rob one of their graves, or that I made sure to take a look at how sturdy (or not) their driveway gate is. Thank you, and I’m sorry.
It’s not something he especially likes to remember, except for one thing: Cas. Cas, who was throwing punches, with righteous fury glinting in his eyes, not caring one bit that he was buck naked. (Because, of course,
“But can it be done?” Sam asks. “Assuming we get this gateway open, you think someone could go to… go
“I saw the demon too,” Cas says, downing his shot. “It came to Tran’s. It was going to possess me, I think. But I got lucky. Someone walked into the store before it could…. anyway. That’s why I was… the way I was, last night.”
But then finally, fucking finally, a slick finger starts pushes at Dean’s rim, massaging and stretching. He gives himself over, trusting Cas to make this good for him, to find Dean if he somehow gets himself lost along the way.
Several minutes pass while Marv checks the spreadsheet and swipes through the photos on Castiel’s phone, muttering to himself. Eventually, he pulls out a calculator from some unseen recess and starts stabbing at it with his index finger.
“You’re still pretty new to this place, Cassie,” Balthazar says, matter-of-factly, as he hoists his slipping backpack further up his shoulder. “I’ve gone to a fair few of the same parties as this guy for the past three years, and I’ve seen him with his tongue down the throat of just about every girl on campus.”
Pushing that thought aside, she fishes her keys out of the pocket of her carefully ironed pants and covers the last few steps to the front door. The building is squat, flat-roofed, and painted in peeling shades of grey and brown. Mildred keeps meaning to call someone to put on a fresh coat, perhaps in a more cheerful color, but her margins don’t generally allow for big projects.
The second picture in the frame is of their wedding day, both of them in blue suits, with matching green ties, Castiel pulling Dean close to kiss his cheek. It rained that day, and all their pictures feature a background of ominous grey clouds, but it didn’t seem important then, and it doesn’t now. Castiel smiles as he remembers the way Bobby blushed the first time he ever met Dean’s mother, and how he seemed more lost for words than Castiel had ever seen him.
A small blossom of warmth unfurls in Castiel’s chest, and it feels possible for the first time today that there are good things in his future. “Of course, Dean. I’d like that.”
“I laid you out on my bed and discovered every inch of you.” Cas’ hands travel down Dean’s sides, tickling at the sensitive spots right above his hip bones, making him squirm. “By the end of that night, I knew exactly how to make you come undone.” Cas proves it by nipping at that spot right below Dean’s ear that drives him absolutely crazy, pressing his thumb against Dean’s perineum in the way that makes him want to jackknife off the mattress with how good it feels.
For one thing, there are some logistical details to work out, such as the early hours Dean needs to keep to take deliveries and open the diner for breakfast, which make living anywhere other than right above the diner an occasional inconvenience.
At least until he opened The Jimmy Page. That was his too, and he even managed to make it successful enough to be able to hire two part-time employees, Charlie and Eileen. He met and hired Charlie shortly after she quit her corporate job because her boss asked her to use her considerable hacking skills to smear the company’s closest competitor. Eileen just sort of wandered in one day, got lost between the shelves and never left.
Next to the podium, Sam cackles. “Garth, you weren’t supposed to tell anyone that it was Dean’s idea. Can’t have people knowing he was trying to do something nice. He’s got a manly reputation to uphold.”
Dean decides to meet him halfway by returning the smile and giving a little shrug. “No, guess you’re right. I like to complain about the city as much as the next guy, but living anywhere else would probably bore the shit out of me.”
Bobby shrugs as he takes a sip, lowering himself into a chair next to the kitchen table with a grunt. “He came to see me at the hospital a couple times.”
Cas nods, squeezing his eyes closed, forehead creased with tension. “It… it feels so good, Dean. I don’t know how long I’ll be able to last.”
“Guess so,” Dean shrugs. Downplaying his own accomplishments, especially around Sam, is a habit he’s too old to shed now. “Maybe if I get promoted, I’ll join you and Eileen in that sweet suburban life.”
He takes a deep breath. “The night of our third date, you seemed kind of down, and I asked you why. You said you'd met with your publisher earlier that day and pitched them the idea for your second novel. The editor-in-chief, who’s apparently a homophobic asshole, told you they'd only publish it if you got rid of the romance plot between the prince and the knight. Which, besides being a dick move, would’ve killed the entire thing, because the love story was pretty much the point of the book.”
That night, Cas sneaks into Dean’s room as always and slides into bed beside him, pulling the covers up over their shoulders.
Eventually, their waitress comes back to ask if they’d like another round of drinks. They order two more beers and sit, trading stories and casual touches.
Castiel nods, but he reaches for Dean’s chin, raising it until their eyes meet. “Were you going to leave without saying goodbye?” he asks, moving into Dean’s space until their chests are almost touching.
Methodical just as he always is, Cas empties every drawer and every hanger in the bedroom, putting his belongings into one of the boxes destined for a storage unit, or into the suitcase that lies open on the bed.
Sam yelps and swings at Dean’s shins with one of his crutches, but Dean hops out of the way. “Better luck next time,” he says, smirking.
, Castiel thinks, and as he does, Dean’s expression brightens briefly, one side of his mouth quirking up.
Behind Castiel, Dean gasps audibly. “Donatello! Think of the children!” His tone of outrage is somewhat undermined by the laugh that bubbles out of him after.
Castiel keeps pushing buttons, hoping against hope, but the machine remains stubbornly silent. It won’t even return his damn quarters.
They shed the rest of their clothes and inhibitions, stumbling into each other, Dean’s skin warm and alive under Castiel’s fingertips. Castiel barely manages to tear himself away long enough to walk to the bedside drawer and dig through it for lube and condoms. With a sigh of relief, he drops back onto the bed, bracketing Dean from above, capturing his mouth in a searing kiss.
“Maybe,” Dean concedes, pressing down against the scar on Cas’ palm. “But when I said ‘forever,’ I meant it. I never wanted to lose you from my life, and I was never really happy while you were gone. I know we’ve only just met each other again, and there’s things we don’t know about each other yet, but I
Dean’s mouth opens and closes, but no sound seems to be coming out. Across the kitchen island, Cas looks to be in a similar predicament.
He tugs on the tie to loosen it as they approach the dance studio. The studio is located in what looks uncannily like an old railroad station, though as far as Castiel can tell, no railway goes, or has ever gone, through town. It’s just another one of the many unexplained oddities about Lebanon. Perhaps the construction of the station house was purely aspirational.
“And now, the swans are being shot by arrows! Oh, the hurt, the betrayal!” The children perform a particularly exaggerated hop, followed by a hand clasped over their hearts. Castiel watches with growing amusement as Dean mimes the motion approximately two seconds before Jack performs it on stage.
Dean shrugs uncomfortably. “You’re angry. And you’ve got every right to be. I screwed up big time. I’m guessing someone’s told you by now about… about the anniversary of when my dad died, and how it messes me up.”
After they check in, it’s only the early afternoon, and they decide to interview the family of one of the victims before dinner.
As soon as Castiel gets inside, a warm, steadying hand lands on his shoulder and steers him to the nearest table. “Take a load off. I’ll get you some coffee.” As Castiel slumps into a chair, Dean walks over to the counter, rummaging under it until he emerges with a bottle of Jack Daniels. “Want something a little stronger to go with it?"
Castiel’s childhood was not one that was filled with a lot of hugs or other forms of physical affection, so it surprises him when Naomi not only wraps her arms around Claire’s shoulders, but a split-second gleam of actual joy flashes across her face. “Hello, Claire.”
No one except for Cas, who somehow manages to look amused at the sight without making Dean feel self-conscious.
Ever since that time a few days ago when he admitted he wanted to hug Jimmy, he’s felt like pushing the envelope just a little. It seemed like there was a moment then, a possibility, but after Jimmy’s
Dean sits up and buries his head in Cas’ neck, the late-night stubble there rasping against Dean’s own. “Fuck. Okay. Fuck. Cas, you think maybe….?”
“I didn’t tell him at first.” Dean exhales a mirthless chuckle. “I was fourteen, and I was more scared of my dad than I was of some vamp I probably wasn’t ever gonna see again. ‘Course, just before we left for our next case, we got word of a vamp kill the next town over.” Dean stares down at the label of the whiskey bottle, unseeing. “It was the vamp I let get away. Dad captured him and made him talk. Got the whole damn story from the guy before he took his head off.”
, Dean’s insides clench with the pain of it. Sam holds up one hand in a gesture of surrender, palm facing Dean and Cas in turn. The gun in his other hand is pointed down, at the floor.
, Dean. The lovely, blue-eyed boy may think he’s barred me from his home. But there’s no doubt I’ll be able to persuade him to leave if I come to him inside
Almost as soon as they’ve sat down, Ellen drops off a couple of glasses of beer and heads back to her perch behind the bar. Cas frowns at the glass in front of him, then at Dean.
Having officially reached his limit with Marv, Cas makes a spur-of-the-moment decision in favor of light domination and forwards the link to the Brain’s part-time graphic designer. Then, he grabs his trench coat off the back of his chair, mutters, “Going for a walk,” and heads out the door.
Dean looks up when the sound of heavy boots approaches from the direction of the stairway. The cop is a woman, blonde and middle-aged, with an unusually kind face for someone in her profession. She’s got her hand on her gun, but she hasn’t drawn it, and she stops about ten feet away from Dean.
His hand closes on nothing. It moves through the surface of Dean’s skin and out the other side, the feel of him no different than the featureless empty that surrounds them.
Cas nods. Dean told him that when he started looking into the murders of Meg Masters and Gordon Walker, he sometimes let himself imagine what it would be like to actually solve the case himself. Now, to
“No, we… we do. Either. Both. Whatever we’re in the mood for. Just… checking in, I guess.” He leans down to nip at the sensitive skin just below Castiel’s ear, his breath hot and heavy.
Castiel nods, trying to focus on the soothing motion of petting his son’s hair instead of the gaping hole in his chest. “Yes. I knew her a long time. We were very good friends once.”
“Nothing obvious, but maybe.” Dean leans back against the side of the booth, and his face splits in a teasing grin. “See if you can figure it out for yourself. What do you know about Meg?”
Benny and Kevin are supposed to be in charge of opening up Dean's diner this morning, but Dean is reluctant to leave them to their own devices for too long. For his part, Castiel is reluctant to let Dean out of his sight just yet, so he suggests they all walk to the diner for a pancake breakfast.
Castiel arches a single eyebrow at him, and Dean chuckles. “Sorry,” he mumbles around another bite of burger, not sounding sorry at all. “Guess it was
A few weeks later, Cas starts talking about the local community college, which offers certificate programs in addiction counseling. Cas takes a job at a Gas-n-Sip to make some extra money for tuition, and he starts going to night school to get the certificate done.
Cas is wearing a pair of black jeans that hug him in all the best places, along with a dark blue button-down that brings out his eyes. At the collar, Dean can just see the edges of Cas’ favorite t-shirt peeking out: a black one, with a gorgeous drawing of a dragon on the front, done by one of Cas’ favorite fantasy artists. He’s got just the right amount of scruff to look tidy but still scrape a little bit when they kiss. His hair is tousled as ever, except tonight, it’s tousled with
He tries to keep breathing, but sharp panic is starting to creep in at the edges of his fragile self-control. As a last resort, he grips the armrests of his seat as tightly as possible, looking for a grounding touch that will help him forget he’s about to be the opposite of grounded.
One of which, apparently, is that he gets to dip a monogrammed pair of chopsticks into a container of General Tso’s chicken while Dean and Bobby are stuck sitting elbow to elbow on their side of the booth, looking down at slices of pizza whose crust resembles the texture and taste of cardboard.
Heading down the open road in his Baby, with Sam by his side and Cas in the back seat, stopping for greasy diner food and checking into a seedy motel — the whole package feels like Dean’s been grabbed by the collar and yanked back to a simpler time in his life.
Well, maybe one reason: Once again, he’s not sure whether he’s being asked on a date. This seems to be a theme of his and Dean’s acquaintance.
Castiel knew this day would come. He knew Dean was only going to be here for the summer, that Dean had a home (at least a temporary one) on an American base several hours from here. He just tried very hard not to think about it. Because thinking about it would mean acknowledging that they wouldn’t always be together — wouldn’t always be sitting around campfires, riding bikes or trading the occasional shy kiss in the shadows.
When Cas pulls out his fingers and lines himself up, pressing his thick, silky cockhead up against Dean’s hole, Dean cups the back of Cas’ neck and pulls him down until their foreheads touch. “I’m so fucking lucky,” he whispers into the space where their breath mingles between them. “So lucky to have you.”
Dean puts both hands in front of him, palms out. “Sorry, sorry. Just… I can prove that I live here. I’ve got my driver’s license. Can I reach in my pocket and get it?”
Dean hauls himself up the ladder and into Cas’ bunk, stretching out next to him on the already-cramped mattress.
“Well, I… I’m sorry, Dean, but this is a lot to take in, so maybe I should—” He motions vaguely toward the bedroom. “Maybe a good night’s sleep is all I need?” The joke is weak, but Dean appreciates the effort, so he smiles.
Rage and disappointment bubble up inside her, and she grips the edge of the sink so tight, it seems like the metal should bend under her touch.
Dean pulls up a rickety old chair from a nearby corner, head spinning. “You think we’re in an alternate universe.”
When he looks up, it’s to find Cas’ eyes searching his face, a sudden distance behind the deep blue. “I understand if you’d rather not socialize with me anymore. Now that you know.”
“Oh,” Castiel says, a little disappointed. He’d been looking forward to Benny’s pancake special. Not to mention, perhaps a minute or two of conversation with Dean while Claire and Jack argued the merits of various dragon breeds. “Well, what do you say, Claire? Maybe we’ll go home and come back in a little—”
Sam’s hand lands on Dean’s arm, clamping tight with obvious excitement. “Hang on. You’re saying that someone could go after him. Maybe bring him back?”
Feeling a little unsteady, Castiel gets out of the car and starts up the walkway to the front door. It’s still incredibly early in the morning. Castiel briefly considers retrieving the spare key from under the fake rock by the door, but if Dean
“I... I brought you something.” Cas suddenly looks nervous as he unzips his messenger bag and starts digging around in it. “It got a little smooshed.”
With a giant whoosh, something explodes inside the garage and a fireball shoots up into the night sky. The ominous sound of creaking metal fills the air, and just like that, the roof caves in.
Once Claire is asleep, Castiel heads downstairs and sprawls on the couch, pretending to watch TV, though his thoughts linger much more on Dean than on whatever home improvement show happens to be playing at the moment.
Finally, he manages it, and Dean surges forward again, pushing against Castiel’s painfully hard cock, the wonderful, maddening friction pulling moans from them both.
Dean frowns harder, eyes still fixed on the pages. “I said, I think this is a prank. And it’s not even that funny.” He scratches at the back of his neck, perplexed. “I mean,
The hunters Missouri used to know are all dead, or have changed their phone numbers. Hunters are transitory loners by nature; hard to keep track of. If Gordon’s death proves anything, it’s that Missouri was foolish to think she could still match wits with a demon.
“Hang on,” Dean interrupts, confused. “You said you were my assistant. Well, mine and Sam’s. I’m guessing that means we spend a lot of time together.”
Edgar perches on a chair in the corner, apparently trying to merge with the wall while Roman asks Castiel various questions about his previous job experience, whether he considers himself a team player — all the usual inanities.
Soon, Sundays at Dean’s house get added to the mix, usually featuring a movie and a six-pack. Cas tends to stick to one beer, two at most, so he can still drive home after.
He walks over to the craft table and pours himself his third cup of coffee, hunching his shoulders for the conversation he knows is about to happen.
Dean looks down at their joined hands, then up at Castiel, opening and closing his mouth three times without producing a response.
After a moment, Gabriel returns with two tumblers, and Castiel remembers how Dean brought him drinks that first night. He knew exactly how Castiel likes his whiskey. Gabriel does not, Castiel realizes, as he frowns down at what is unmistakably whiskey neat.
Castiel senses the slightest hesitation before Dean answers, but it’s there and gone in a heartbeat. “Yeah. I do stunts for movies sometimes. You know, driving stunts.”
He nods slowly, gathering his thoughts as they finally curl around a single, overriding concern. Cas. Alastair wants Cas. “You two stay here and wait for me. I have to find Cas.”
His lungs feel tight, and it occurs to him that he’s been holding his breath. Carefully, he sucks air back into his chest and zips up the duffle. He grabs the stack of photos and stows it in the pocket of a black denim jacket that was draped over the back of the desk chair. Like the boots, it’s a perfect fit.
That thought is what gets Dean up off Cas’ desk chair. He approaches slowly, telegraphing his moves, giving Cas plenty of time to back away. Cas’ eyes widen, but he holds his ground, and Dean doesn’t give himself time to second-guess. He frames Cas’ face with his hands and pulls him close. And then, just like that, on a Tuesday night thirteen years into their friendship, they kiss for the first time ever.
He’s got his arms around Caitlin, hugging her goodbye, but she, too, seems just a little out of focus. Whenever Dean lets his thoughts drift too far, she’ll start to flicker in and out of existence, like a badly tuned radio signal or a vengeful ghost. Yet when she speaks, her voice sounds clear and precise, enunciating each syllable.
Of course, the cobblestone streets are now lined with Irish pubs, high-concept bars, restaurants and one hotel-slash-steakhouse so fancy, Dean’s never even dared to peek past the entrance.
Castiel’s phone chooses that moment to buzz in the passenger seat. His mother has already called twice in the ninety minutes they’ve been on the road, but Castiel hasn’t picked up the phone. He’ll get around to speaking to Naomi, just… not yet. The sting of their fight from last night is still too fresh, and if he talks to her now, he’s likely to say something he’ll regret.
As Castiel considers his answer, he remembers what Dean told him: Sam thinks there’s an actual possibility that Castiel’s condition could really be the result of a curse. He’s always struck Castiel as an eminently reasonable person, so maybe…
“Shapeshifters are creatures of Eve,” Cas says, as calmly as though he’s addressing a lecture hall. “They can’t imitate an angel’s grace.”
Next time: In the past, Dean gets to know Amara and learns a few more things about Cas. In the present, Dean and "Jimmy" grow closer.
Dean looks up, and he doesn’t seem angry or disgusted. If anything, he looks nervous. “No,” he croaks, then clears his throat. “No, not at all. I, um. I’m interested in both. Women and… and men.” After another beat, he adds, “I’m not ashamed of it. I just… I’ve never dated a guy, so people tend to assume, and I mostly let them.”
