There was a quick, floating thought that he should text Dean but he dismissed it. He didn’t know what Dean was doing right now. He didn’t want to interrupt him while hunting. He would call him. Later.
But Sam takes the three other rings from his pocket, forming the key of the Cage. The wind becomes stronger and the tension in the air grows. Sam’s hair is flying as he closes his eyes and opens his mouth to begin the incantation.
Castiel agreed. They had to return to the bunker. But did they really have plenty of time? He wasn’t so sure about that.
In Sam’s opinion it confirmed that Bobby’s argument was invalid. He looked at the older man with a challenging face who threw up his hands.
Dean watched him for a while then cast down his eyes, lazily kicking the snow with the outsole of his boot.
“I know there’s a special place in Hell waiting just for you” she whispered. “And when you get there, I hope you would suffer for all the pain you had caused for others.”
“What?! I’m not a sissy! Maybe there ain’t enough sugar in my system but it’s nothing I can’t handle!”
“With this attitude, yeah.” Meg had shaken her head. “I’d kick your butt if you weren’t so pathetic.”
I walk closer to the couch. The furniture is spotless even though there should be a lot of blood. It’s like nothing happened here.
Sam opened his eyes. He was back in his room and according to the clock next to his bed he spent just a few minutes laying there. The man sat up and rubbed his eyes.
Sam had to admit Daphne had some guts to talk to Bobby like that. Dean would say she was kicking ass.
I quickly step to Cas and with a strong grip around his wrist I pull it back up and place the end of the Colt above my heart.
As dead as anyone can be, or even more. Dead, like I should have been for countless years now. Why the hell did Dad sell my soul for me? Why, why,
“Oh!” Garth stepped forward, grabbing Cas’ hand before the angel could raise it and shook it. “I heard a lot about you from Kevin.” Then he turned back to Dean, lowering his voice. “He talked about the tension between you two.” And he winked. He winked!
Dean followed Bess without hesitation. He knew her. She was good. But the angels behind him were wary. Dean could tell without looking back that they were exchanging glances and watched Bess and the house with narrowed eyes. Dean could just barely stop himself from rolling his eyes.
“Castiel” the woman said with a low voice. “If you’re not telling me what happened to my son in this instant, I’m going to beat it out of you.”
Dean shook his head. They were back to square one, ‘let’s blame ourselves for everything while thinking we don’t deserve anything’. He had stood there a lot of times, even now too, but he had to admit that he couldn’t stay there forever. He had to get over it and move on. And Cas had to do that too.
The ceiling and the walls opened around him like it was the skin of an orange and a greater force was peeling it. Everything became brighter and he feared the building was going to collapse on him but he was standing in a parking garage the next moment. Outside the sun was shining and he heard the siren of an ambulance along with the traffic of the city. He was walking, wandering deeper into the garage where he soon saw the Impala and a man holding Dean down. He started walking faster towards them. Sam wanted to run, to get to Dean as soon as possible because that man clearly wanted to kill him, but his legs didn’t move as he wanted.
Dean was about to turn a page when a light breeze passed him. Dean straightened his back to look around. Did Sam forget to close the door? Could the wind from the outside reach the dungeons though?
He turned on the corridor where Dean’s  room was and ran into something solid. He almost fell back but someone caught his arms.
Sam had to stop to regulate his breath. He hadn’t meant it that way, really. What he had wanted Dean to understand was that he would never do anything to Dean that Dean wouldn’t agree with. Sam hadn’t agreed to the whole angelic possession. He had been so angry at Dean because it had lead to Kevin’s death. Then came the bridge and the Mark of Cain… Then that conversation and everything had gone downhill.
Dean quickly made his way to the door. He wanted to leave as soon as possible and lock this bastard in here for all eternity. But this just encouraged him to go on.
And no Hannah. She had said she would open a portal here, but Sam hadn’t seen anything reminding him to a portal.
“Hey, Cas, listen to me. There are angels out there, okay? And they… they're looking for you, and they're pissed.”
Dean felt heat crawling up the back of his neck and he didn’t try to fight it back. Instead, he let the corners of his mouth to curl up into a small smile. Yeah. The
He just now started to feel the weight of that question, the threat it held. Because only an angel should know Enochian. Only an angel should know about those sigils.
Realization hits me. He was there. He was there, but he didn’t ask for help because I lived a normal life. He didn’t want to drag me away from the ‘apple pie life’ I was living and pretending to like. That’s why he teamed up with Crowley, that then led to that horrible end. Damn, that fool…
“I’m not interested in anything you say.” Castiel turned back to the portal. “I just came to tell you are not welcomed here.”
Luckily and surprisingly, the door was open. Dean cautiously stepped inside and cursed himself for not bringing a gun at least. But who would have thought he would find a place like this? He had been just going for a run, not for exploring. And what a thing he found! The building, or more likely a tower, looked just like the inside of the bunker, maybe not that rich in decoration. The black and white tile on the wall and the grey floor-tile were the same, just dustier. It seemed nobody had been here in a long time.
But Sam didn’t move. He needed answers. Like what Hannah had been doing in Heaven and how had she found these out.
Castiel shifted under the gaze of the psychic. She had powerful mental powers, so powerful that neither an angel could block it out. He suspected it had something to do with his burning Grace.
Gadreel told Thomas urgently and pushed him away, taking control over the body. He felt the man’s confusion.
Dean had taken a deep breath. No pressure. They had to do this on the first try, no failure accepted.
“Impatient as ever. A true Winchester trait.” Then he turned to Hannah. “I’m warning you now, lady. They’d have a bad influence on you if you’re not careful enough. You may also get yourself killed, probably in the near future. Regarding what happened to the majority of their female companions.”
“I don’t know” Theo shook his head. “She’s not human because I could so her true form under her vessel, but it was so twisted I couldn’t tell what it was. So? Will you help me talk to Metatron? He can stop this woman, I know it.”
Oh, right. He forgot about them… The moment he had killed Abaddon felt like it had happened decades or centuries ago. And when Metatron had stabbed him…
Dean’s blood froze in panic. He saw Sam’s eyes glowing up blue as Gadreel took control. He saw Robin’s mouth falling open to a scream as she looked at the ghost. And he saw Cas just standing there like he wasn’t a human but an angel, ready to smite the monster who dared to hurt them.
“Hey!” He grabbed the girl when she was passing by him and turned her towards him. “Where’s the guy?”
. But the vision just went on with the demon kicking both bodies with so much enjoyment Dean wanted to throw up.
The man must be Garth, he thought. He had never met him, but the brothers and Kevin had told him a lot about him. A thin man who looked nothing like a hunter and he still managed and did a surprisingly good job. Dean had complained that he was too happy and carefree in his opinion but nothing in the man’s voice had said he disliked him. He was annoying but likeable.
Thomas left his workplace. The owner of the bar was interested in his reasons, because why would a young man who lived alone suddenly leave his job. Thomas said he had far greater things to do than standing behind the counter.
Arriving to his room, he was surprised by the ringing of his phone. Did something happen to Sam and Cas? Were they in trouble? Forgetting about his own existential crisis, he was at the nightstand in a leap, looking at the screen of the phone with a frown. Unknown number.
Sam opened his mouth to protest but Cas was already climbing out the window, sitting on the door and Sam wanted to pull him back because it was NOT an action movie where a single bullet could stop a van.
Castiel paced, his patience running short. He didn’t have any time to explain. Susie would die soon.
Dean’s eyes found his and he didn’t let the other man to look away. After a few long moments, Dean sighed.
I don’t think he hears me anymore. His true form is rapidly losing its brightness as he drifts further from this world. I have to do something. But what? Can demons heal? Without a deal?
There was tension in the Impala, a lot, and Sam had to take a few deep breaths to keep calm and focus on the task ahead. Still, he usually found himself glancing to his right, only to see Hannah stubbornly looking at her lap.
“There’s no excuse for that! Time is so broken, it’s beyond repair! This whole universe will cease to exist and it’s all because of you! You filthy demon!”
“With you putting yourself in danger?!” The older man huffed. “Very good plan, Sam! You could’ve died!”
“You will only bring death upon yourself” she warned her, hoping that the other angel would come to her senses.
“Hey, honey!” he said with a voice that hurt Ed’s ears. He quickly excused himself before he threw up but he didn’t receive any answers from his friend. The tension in his body grew.
“I saw the slaughter he made” she said. “Not just here, but in your memories too. Dean Winchester is a ruthless killer. You are just so blinded by your emotions to see the truth.”
“He’s more hopeful now we know Father Time is real but I think he’s getting worse” Sam answered honestly. “He tries to hide it but you have to be blind to not see how sick he gets with each day. I don’t think he has much time left.”
“So you’re here because?” Dean asked again. He tried to sit up but fell back immediately on the pillow. The Fate looked Dean in the eyes who after a short time looked away uncomfortably.
Hannah’s eyes locked with his as they widened and the last amount of air was pushed out of her lungs.
“Not leaving without this ever again” Dean said after he opened the truck and took an angel blade in his hand. Before he took a second one he glanced up at Sam. “You okay to come?”
Hannah’s hand stopped on the man’s back. She didn’t understand how just being there would mean anything. And why would Sam be grateful for that? Humans were strange creatures. Illogical.
“Of course” Dean answered without hesitation. He’d meant everything he’d said. He would never take back any of his words.
But of course I can’t say that. It’s too late for honesty. It’s too late to apologize and beg for help and forgiveness. I went down a one-way road and there is no turning back now.
“Spending time in Heaven only made the process faster” the angel explained. “He started breathing Grace out a minute ago.”
“Metatron was controlling her” Dean said. “I know Tessa. She wouldn’t do anything that would disturb the balance of life and death or what is that.”
Dean’s body tensed. For a moment he reached for his forearm then he rubbed his jaw instead. He opened his mouth then closed again. He was forcing himself to say something.
I'm not gonna lie. I didn't want to write during the summer. It was hot as hell for so long and all my energy was used up to stay alive. Then came September and the new kids in the daycare. But, after almost exactly three months later, I'm back. I have no idea for how long before I disappear again, but I'll try and keep the one chapter a week. Also I'm glad I didn't publish this chapter earlier, because I added something to it I hadn't thought about before. So enjoy! (My thoughts about the new season will be after the chapter.)
She had to admit, there was a time when she had played with that thought. When there had been none just the two of them in Castiel’s car, she had noticed the way she was drawn to him, how protective she was, how stubborn to not leave his side. Now she knew those were fraternal feelings, how every sister and brother felt for each other.
“That was after I took Theo’s Grace” he explained. “When he took mine he told me to settle down, have a wife and babies, and when I return to Heaven, tell him my story.”
Around six in the morning Gadreel put down his pen. He just finished writing the text in Kassite, an other dead language but according to him it was steadily leading them to a more translatable one.
He didn’t know if he could really fight this entity. They had found nothing about it other than how to enter this realm. If this thing was really God level or stronger he had no chance against it.
Crowley gets over this quickly and continues with renewed enthusiasm. He even tosses me once more, the decoration now bruising my spine.
That was… kinda weird. He was sitting on a floor with a chair and the angel who killed him in an other time was apologizing to him for something he didn’t do yet. And hopefully wouldn’t. Every molecule of his body screamed to run away but he heard one tiny voice in his head: Dean ‘overprotective big brother’ Winchester had left him and Sam with Gadreel. Maybe he had done that because he had been running for Cas, and if there wasn’t something in the subtext his name wasn’t Kevin Tran, but Dean wasn’t that mindless to leave them with a murderer. Hopefully. Maybe he should trust Gadreel? Maybe he should give him a chance and just then judge?
Cas killing me. Actually, this sounds… nice. Killed by someone I trust the most. This would be better than going out with a fight. Cas is someone I would always entrust with my life. Why not my own death? If the options are waiting silently for the ripple to catch me and tortured by a demon, I choose this third option. It’s more peaceful this way.
All of a sudden Cas stepped to him and with a swift motion pinned him against the wall by his wrists. Dean’s lips parted in surprise at the warm but firm touch on him.
“Honestly?” Sam looked to his left to collect his thoughts. “Not good. I worry too much and want to do too many things at once. I just… I can’t just sit and do nothing. I always have to do research because what if I run out of time? What if it would be my fault that we couldn’t stop this?”
What if the ripple already reached her up in Heaven? What if she wasn’t the Hannah he knew anymore? What if she didn’t remember anything like Garth? What if he would never see her again?
“Two of my siblings died by the First Blade” she repeated with a serious tone. “Only one person wields it.”
“You don’t do what you want to do because you still think you have to hold my hand! I appreciate your worry but I’m not a kid, Dean! I can take care of myself! I don’t need you to protect me all the time!”
The angel touched the paper thoughtfully. Leaving a mark. What kind of mark would he leave when his time ended here? Would it be good or bad? Would people think about him as a failure or a friend? Would be there someone to keep a piece of him, something he had left behind with them all the time, carrying it everywhere they went? Hoping that one day they could give it back to him?
Lucy, probably hating that their eyes were not on her, started whining so loud it hurt Sam’s ear. She had no tears in her eyes, of course.
Dean wanted to ask so many questions. Cas started acting strange again. He had a feeling that the ‘still getting used to the Grace’ thing was a lie. Yes, he had to admit he didn’t know how his previous re-mojoing had gone, but an
They were sitting in the motel room for a long while now. The silence was uncomfortable, for Sam at least. Jody was sitting at the other side of the table, typing something furiously.
“Surprise!” I lift my arms up in the air. “I would throw confetti at you if I knew how to summon it. Crowley didn’t tell me how to do that. Should have asked before I ditched him.”
Castiel was observing the spine of the books on the bookcases. The printed documents were in alphabetic order, sorted according to the period of time of their creation. It fascinated him how many books the Men of Letters could collect. They had dictionaries on different languages from different time periods, the oldest one from Mesopotamia, translating Sumerian to Hebrew. He also found maps in one storage room. The paper was so old it almost melted from his touch. He wished to read all the documents but deep down he knew he wouldn’t have much time and every minute he had he would spend looking for a cure for Dean. That was his top priority. When – because he was always hoping – they turn Dean back to a human and if – because he was a realist regarding himself – he was still alive at that time, he would just then take a look at those books as entertainment. He was certain Dean would look at him with bewilderment because who wants to read a dusty dozen thousand pages long codex for fun?
Charlie made it her mission to be the ‘awesome and badass aunt’, as she called it. She took every opportunity to make Dean’s little second childhood as perfect as possible. They played with cars, built castles from colorful wooden blocks, dressed up us comic book characters and played hide-and-seek.
I zap away quickly. Now that I know that Cas is safe, I can give into some other things too. Namely my anger towards a certain demon.
Hannah folded her arms too. There was something unsettling in this. How come somebody knew about him but the angels didn’t? Every form of existence had its own section in the archives. She herself went through all the books and scrolls at least ten times and he was never mentioned. Maybe for a long angels hadn’t been present in history before the first seal was broken but they had been watching over humanity and pagan gods for centuries. Who was this Father Time then?
The two hours of waiting was coming to an end. Malachi would be back soon, expecting answers. About Metatron probably, but he wasn’t sure anymore. It became clear by now that this timeline was not heading the way they had expected. There was a major change that led this timeline to an other pass. Their knowledge of the future may turn out to be useless.
The angel was lying on his bed, curled up like a fetus in the mother’s womb, but his vessel was tense. Sam only saw this, but as an angel she could see more. Castiel’s Grace was torn. A big portion of it was missing, like it was forcefully taken away from him, and the wound on its former place leaked. When the angel coughed that leaking matter left him in the form of a grayish slime or in gray puff. Other parts of his Grace were burning, injuring the vessel from the inside, leaving bleeding wounds on the organs that the angel could just barely heal, if he even tried healing himself.
“Cut the crap, Crowley!” I step closer and hit the table with my fists. The wood cracks, and I stay there, leaning on it, making the table shriek under the pressure. “I have no time for your stupid small talks! You know why I’m here!”
“Oh! You mean Castiel!” The teen pointed at the door with her thumb. “He just left an hour ago. Said he had to burry the body and find your car.”
My blood runs cold in my veins. Open the Cage? Let out Lucifer? Save me? Don’t tell me… Sam wants to ask Lucifer to remove the Mark?! No, that’s insane. Sam would never do this. How could he! He didn’t jump into the Cage to now undo it! He can’t do it! This is insane!
“Cas?” I call him. I can feel panic rising in me, because Cas doesn’t respond. His head would fall forward if not for my hands still on his face.
Once sitting inside, Sam took a deep breath and let it out slowly. His stomach was tumbling inside him, threatening to reveal that day’s food. He didn’t want to go. He wanted to stay and curl up into a ball in his room but he couldn’t be a coward now. Now that he could maybe save Dean.
A young man is sitting on the bed. He pulled his knees up, embracing his legs with his arms tightly. His hair is unkempt, greasy, and his cloths haven’t seen a washing machine in weeks. The guy looks at me with curious eyes.
“Dean” Sam had started with a careful tone. His hand had been back on Dean’s arm. “Do you remember what Jack said? Chuck got too involved and that’s why he failed. If Jack brought Cas back, he would be the same as Chuck, meddling with all of our lives. Jack doesn’t want to influence us at all, he’s giving us the choice to choose our path ourselves. He wants us to earn every small and big victory we can have. To earn it on our own.”
“We have to wait for him to open up. It might take a while but he has to know we are there for him.”
“She appears to be a powerful foe.” The angel walked to Charlie and Dorothy and did the same. “We don’t know what we’re facing yet, so we have to be careful.” Lastly he walked to Hannah. “You can still leave. None of us would judge you.”
“No” he answered with a low voice. “He wouldn’t be able to live with the thought that the world around him became a living Hell because of his foolish blindness.”
Got home late last night and since I had to rewrite a very important part of the story (more about this after the chapter) I decided to rewrite it today.
He clenches his fists around Ruby’s knife. Is he serious? Ruby’s knife against a Knight of Hell? Ridiculous.
“No” Dean disagreed immediately. He didn’t trust Crowley. He couldn’t trust Crowley. He couldn’t go back to him every damn time he was unsure about something. He couldn’t be the lapdog he had called him. “He would lie anyway.”
Dean stood there for a seconds, waiting patiently for the boy to come out of hiding. Then he decided to go further. That was how he had found Timmy the last time. Maybe he would ran into him just like that…
“Hey, Sam.” Jody stepped back and looked at Charlie and Dorothy again. “You replaced Dean with the ladies?”
She stepped back, eyes wide with shock. Words and pictures whirled in her head, many appearing before her eyes and ringing in her ears at the same time.
“You disappeared without a trace” she said. “I was waiting for you but when you never came… I thought you were dead.” Daphne moved away. She left her hands on his shoulders, gripping the fabric like she feared he would disappear again. “What happened? Where were you?”
“I’ll be back soon” she said with a smile and turned to leave. She felt lighter than ever and she decided maybe feeling human emotions wasn’t that bad. Of course there were all the negative emotions like grief but feeling that joy was worth the price.
Sam caught up with Dean and stopped at the tree next to his. As he looked around Dean glanced at him. There were a lot of things, much worse things Sam didn’t know. And that had to stay like this. He didn’t want to see the disappointment in Sam’s eyes.
There was little chance for that. Nobody knew where he went. The angels would not bother him and he doubted Sam cared at all. After what he had suggested he was lucky to get away with only a broken nose.
Hannah watched the cars around her. There were so many. Too many in her opinion. Those chemicals the machines produced… They were killing the plants in the city. She could see how pale the leaves were on the trees next to the road. How dry and yellow the grass was. And apart from a few birds, she didn’t see any animals. It was horrible how humans treated the nature around them. Maybe if there weren’t any humans, everything would be better and God’s creation could be beautiful again.
“He can’t come back” he said. All that sadness he’d felt inside him had been about to spill over and drown him in it. “He made a deal with the Empty. Jack’s life for his own. It would take him the moment he felt true happiness.”
Castiel looked at her. The demon arched a brow, head turning to the direction of the library’s entrance. Sam looked up at her too but soon his eyes wandered away and a strange expression appeared on his face.
Hannah folded her arms and watched Castiel. Muriel perfectly voiced her doubts and distrust. It was Castiel’s turn to explain himself. If he could.
“Would a magician explain their tricks? Of course not, silly. But let’s talk about you instead of me. Do you miss it? The blood on your hands and the desire to kill burning inside you?”
“Yes, thank you, ma’am. Bye.” Sam put his phone on the table and looked up. “Garth is not answering. I called the local police station but they hadn’t seen Reverend Meyers in a week.” His expression turned pained. “Maybe he’s already…”
For a long while an uncomfortable silence fell on the two of them, only broken by the rumble of the car. Charlie looked away, giving Sam as much privacy as she could. Maybe she shouldn’t have asked. She knew the only thing she accomplished by her curiosity was a reopened wound for Sam. She should have stayed silent.
“Yes, I did!” Even in the shadows he could see Dean’s face twisting into something not human. Castiel stopped and had a sudden urge to step back but he fought down the feeling. “Kevin died because of me!”
They let go of each others hand – which Sam already started missing – and Sam brushed back his hair.
Gadreel had to agree with the man. He didn’t know how many days had passed since he had been banished. From the distance he could feel Sam faintly, he knew he was alive so he hadn’t felt the need to contact with them. He decided he would eventually do that, but not now.
I have no idea what he’s talking about. Interesting? Too many things at once? But instead of asking these questions out loud I simply shake my head.
, he couldn’t. It was like his teeth were glued together, he couldn’t open his mouth. His mind was a blank canvas as he stared into nothing then his eyes travelled down to his hands.
Sam sighed and rubbed his forehead. With his brother’s way of eating he always wondered when something like this would happen. But instead of low sugar he expected a high level of that.
So the angel stood up. Every movement was a torture which just grew in the past days. Being on Earth was bearable but in Heaven the Host wanted to reject him like a human body would reject a transplanted organ. He didn’t show his pain but whenever Hannah was around he could feel the worried looks she was giving him.
“I know, Sam… I just… I want to believe that the same thing won’t happen again. That Metatron won’t turn them against us.”
Castiel sighed. He had to agree with Lachesis. Their search was basically a quest they had to struggle with. And also he didn’t think Atropos would have helped them. He was sure she was still angry at him.
Forget the ‘hold myself back’ part and the whole thing with being patient. I can’t stand the way he talks to me, like I’m an idiot who can’t understand a simple sentence. I’m boiling with rage and I feel my forearm burning impatiently, demanding me to take actions.
Sam felt the temperature dropping in the room. Kevin put down his pen, Ms. Tran closed her book. Even Toto stopped chewing. Every eye was fixed on Dean.
The ghost seemed unaffected for a while then the scary appearance turned to a more human one and the storm stopped immediately. She looked worried but Dean was sure she would not attack them anymore.
Dean swallowed too. He didn’t want to run into Robin. Ever. He thought everything would be better if Robin thought he was a jerk who had dumped her. Or better. Forget about him altogether and live her life like he never existed. He didn’t deserve the forgiveness she had given him the last time.
They packed their things in the car. Sam turned to Jody before he sat behind the wheel of the Impala, saying a quick goodbye, but the woman’s stern gaze stopped him.
Castiel noticed from the corner of his eyes Dean shifting in his seat. The angel looked at him, frowning at the reaction. He observed the man’s eyes, trying to find something, anything in his expression, but whatever it was, it was gone the moment Castiel turned to him.
Castiel couldn’t help but worry. He could once again see Dean’s soul and maybe it shined brighter than ever. But he saw the fear, he saw how his soul embraced itself in an attempt of protecting itself. He had to keep his eyes on him, now more than ever.
“It was” Sam looked into the man’s eyes with desperation. “He was happy here. Then he left because of me.”
“Not to mention the other angels” Cas added. “Bartholomew and Malachi are fighting against each other. And at the same time looking for me.”
They clinked their beers but Castiel didn’t put his heart into it. It was still early to think about this. The second week just started. Anything could happen. Or nothing at all. He had to prepare himself for that.
Castiel closed his eyes and concentrated. He recalled a familiar face in his mind and focused on it.
Castiel sat in the library with his morning coffee in his hand, scrolling down news sites for any potential cases but always found himself glancing at the brothers. He wondered what Dean would have become if he had a childhood like this. A safe home, a whole and loving family, not always on the move with a drunk father and monsters lurking in the shadows.
“Yes” Dean said it with so much determination Bobby had to believe it. Huh. Dean being friends with a vampire was something Bobby had never imagined.
She extended her hand, expecting Sam to give her something she could take with herself, but when the only thing she got was a confused frown she shook her head and waved it off. It seemed Sam hadn’t played Zelda as a kid. He missed out a lot.
“You know something!” I hit the table with my palms, almost breaking the furniture, but it didn’t faze him. “I’m a demon, aren’t I? Then why is this keep happening?!”
In no more than half an hour everyone gathered in the garage. Bags in trucks, weapons checked, they were ready to go. Next to the Impala Linda talked to – scolded? – Dean who waited patiently until the woman finished. Further from them Cas and Hannah were arguing with low voices. Charlie only knew they were arguing because Cas rolled his eyes so many times he would soon get dizzy for sure.
An angel? Was it really happening? Was she dreaming? Elisa pinched her arm and when she felt the sharp pain that shot through her she knew she was still awake.
“So?” Dean asked, rubbing his hands together. “I don’t know how you two feel but I’m hungry and tired. We can go home tomorrow.”
The angel’s voice was just a noise in the background compared to Castiel’s thoughts. What if Dean was still a demon? He had said it himself that he would turn the events the way he wanted. That he liked being the way he was. What if they unleashed a greater enemy to the world than before?
“You’re working for Crowley, right?” she asks casually. “How does he treat you? Does he give you everything you need?”
For Castiel the past years had been eventful. The Apocalypse, the civil war, the Leviathan, Purgatory, the Fall, the ripple. Castiel had gone through a lot, experienced a lot. But one thing stood out the most. One human that seemed to be the center of everything. Every motivation, every goal, every reason, every pain and happiness.
The moment he took a step towards the Grace, an invisible force grabbed him and shoved him against the wall to his left. He heard the bones on his shoulder and upper arm crack, and just by the sound he could tell that he broke them. If not the sound, the pain that shot through his arm was a big clue.
The Empty stared at him like he just grew a second head. Cas also stepped next to him with the exact same stare.
, gives up on me and spends the rest of his life not worrying about me but taking care of himself. I can only hope that Sam would look after him.
Castiel turned to look at the Empty. It was staring at him but it lacked the smugness and the madness Castiel came to associate with it.
Tamara snorted and shook her head in disbelief. Some hunters sent Bobby disapproving looks, while others started whispering among themselves.
After a few minutes Lucy noticed he was watching her. She put down her crayon, got off the chair with her drawing in her hand and ran to Castiel. The angel frowned at the little girl who as soon as arrived to his side looked up with her big eyes and handed him the paper.
Dean opened his eyes. He was surprised to see he was surrounded by the darkness of the night. He heard crickets and owls, dulling the sound of the light traffic back on the highway. And he saw the owner of the hand, leaning closer to look into his eyes.
“Hannah…?” Sam’s throat was tight, he could barely say her name. It had been so long. Now seeing her again felt uplifting but painful too because he knew it was not that Hannah. That Hannah hadn’t come with him.
“Thank you, Steve.” She squeezed his arm with gratefulness then added with a wink. “And have fun with your friend.”
Kevin was almost done with the angel tablet. Pride filled Dean at that thought. Their prophet was the best indeed.
“You came here to help us” Reverend Jim explained. “Most of the hunters see us as a threat. They shoot first and never ask questions. But you’re here to save our life. We are monsters but you see the human in us.”
“We’ll talk about it later, okay?” he said quickly because he was sure that the angel would run away again.
Dorothy turned the key many times but there were no magical passages to the Batcave. Like in Stargate when the Gate didn’t work and SG-1 had to find a solution or an other way to get home.
“We need an oak stake stained in the blood of a virgin.” Charlie looked up at Dorothy. “Where do we get a virgin? A real virgin? Because I think our blood’s not gonna work.”
“Don’t even think about it, Dean” he warned him. “The moment you move towards Castiel’s Grace, I’ll cut off your leg. You wouldn’t need it anyway for the talk we will have.”
The angel closed his eyes. He could stay here for that one last week. It was a nice place to die. It held a special place in his heart. The place where he had met Dean in person. How wonderful it was to look at his soul on Earth. It brightened the barn, making it the most beautiful place he had ever seen. And he had seen wonderful places since the dawn of time. But those places stood no chance against the places lit up by the Righteous Man’s soul.
In a week or two Dean would be the same again. Until then they had to look after him. Not only his body was de-aged. He acted like an actual three years old and his abilities were on such level.
“Over here” Bobby called out to them from the map table. Sam walked as casual as possible but he still stepped faster to leave the crowd of hunters as soon as possible. Bobby sat there with Lucy on his lap. To his right was Becky and opposite to him sat a blonde woman who rubbed her knee as she looked at Meg with a frown.
But why does he still care about me? Why does he still want to cure me? Our last meeting didn’t convince him that I’m beyond saving? That I’m already a lost cause? Why does he still hope that there can be anything that can cure me?
“A gift if you change your mind.” Castiel heard him taking a step to the other direction then stopped. “Just an advice. If you end this now and go back he’ll be the same again. Not a demon, but a human. But I’m just talking to myself, don’t mind me.”
. An Angel, a creature so powerful like him falling both literally and figuratively for a flawed human, making him his priority in every turn of events, abandoning his siblings and his home and his mission, rebelling against the system that he had believed in for in most of his existence.
“For not getting there earlier. I should have gotten there faster. Should have rushed through the basement. Should have finished those bastards quicker.”
See writers? That's it. Just mention that they'll call Garth about it and we can fill in the blanks.
planning with you! If you don’t get out of here in ten seconds, then help me God, I’ll cut you into tiny little pieces, and I won’t care what divine force is still keeping you in the game!”
But everything will be better, I tell myself. The ripple will be here soon and this horrible timeline will be erased. Everything will be better.
Which is… strange. Everything is a bit hazy but I have the memory of Metatron stabbing me in the lungs. Wasn’t I supposed to die, drowning in my own blood? A stab in the chest is hard to survive. But why am I alive then? There is a faint numbness in my chest but nothing hurts. Not even my shoulders that started aching about two years ago when I use them too much. I feel surprisingly light and full.
Theo quickly took the key from his pocket and opened the cuffs. Finally free, Castiel rubbed his aching wrists.
His brother raised a brow at that but didn’t comment. Instead, Charlie turned back to him with a huge grin.
“She’ll come around” Bobby patted his other shoulder on the way out as he passed the angel. Lee followed him close behind thus Sam and the two angels were left in the small room.
. Three months or four passed since Metatron killed me but I don’t really care about time. It means nothing to me. Days pass by, the world around me changes but I stay the same. I robbed a store? Who cares! Cops can’t get me. I bet some guys almost to death? They deserved it. I can go wherever I want and can do whatever I want. The world is my playground.
“Why do you care?” he asked. “We were never friends. And now you call me and tell me not to do something if I want to keep my friend. Why?”
The waitress – Ann Marie, Sam read her nametag, – shifted uncomfortably, casting down her eyes at the pad in her hand.
The sharp pain in my head is a reminder that I shouldn’t think about anything related to who I used to be. I have to forget about Dean and the life he lived. I have to focus on this task. I have to kill those three demons.
But the demon was a part of him. The demon was still a part of him. He could sometimes feel it somewhere deep inside him when he was alone and down. He had felt it in the shadow on the wall that scared the shit out of him. He had felt it in the whispers that followed him everywhere. He had felt it in the visions that left him shaken.
It took him a week to finally get used to night sleeping again. The earlier days resulted many grumpy mornings, but after his big mug of coffee he snarled less. Charlie gave him a few tips how to make it a bit easier like what he should drink before sleeping and what to eat in the morning. He was thankful for her help. She was like a cool big sis who took care of him and whom he could play a lot of video games. They played Pokémon X and Y and he finally managed to finish Alan Wake. Charlie helped him find all of the pages and pointed out and explained every reference they came across. Charlie was a smart gamer so he didn’t mind her talking a lot.
“You know what I do with the monsters like you?” John stopped and raised his gun. It was the Colt. “I kill them.”
“Oh, shut up, Dean.” Sam walked to him, showing Dean one of the best bitch faces of his collection. He crouched down and put a hand above his injured back.
Different body parts were hanging from the ceiling, each dripping blood from the cut veins. Some looked fresher, some looked rotten, and together they created the very thing Dean feared at that time. Blood, violence, death.
Secondly. Angel feathers. Hearing it I remember that it’s one of the ingredients needed for the spell. And these angels found some. Here. From all places. How funny fate can be sometimes. Only I’m not laughing.
“No, Dean” Sam argued. “I know your health is better and I’d be happy if you could come along but no. You’re still not ready and I know you know that too.”
. Yes. It was a fitting reference. A similar thing happened to Marty McFly. The Grays Sport Almanac from the future caused the ripple in that situation which then created a Biff controlled dark present.
“He looks sick to me” she said as she observed him. “Is he alright? And Kevin? And Dean? What happened to you in the past few months?”
Castiel straightened himself, still having the shadow of the proud and powerful leader of his garrison he used to be.
I’m now behind the couch. In the TV Dora chirps without stopping. I almost snort when I imagine her looking at Gavin and ask ‘Can you find the killer? That’s right! He’s behind you!’
“Here’s Johnny!” I say and take a step towards him. Sam leaves the dungeon in hurry. I shook my head and follow him.
Outside he found Cas talking with Susie. As soon as he closed the door behind him the former angel looked up at him. His eyes were filled with relief and Dean had to look away. This felt so wrong. Cas shouldn’t be worried about him. He had been a demon, for fuck’s sake! And he had done things even to Cas so he didn’t deserve that look.
“Great” Dorothy snorted. “Do angels have any manners? No offence” she added when Hannah sent her a glare from the other side of the room.
And then, faster then a thought, my lungs are filled with air again. I gasp for air and lean forward with my arms tight around my chest. I welcome every new breath with a little prayer towards any force that gave my air back.
Castiel felt the fear of his approaching death filling him. He started shivering like the leaves in the autumn breeze before they fell on the ground. The demon’s other hand let go of his wrist and he didn’t have to see to know that he was reaching for the First Blade. The angel swallowed and waited for the inevitable.
“What do you mean a hellhound attacked you!?” Dean leaned forward, putting his elbows on the back-rest. “How?!”
Dean opened the box. The feeling of nostalgia washed over him as he saw the old books with the weather-beaten covers and broken spines. Old sci-fi’s and fantasies from various writers he had read a million times each. The Frank Herbert Dune books, some Asimov novels, Tolkien, C. S. Lewis, the first three Harry Potters, Star Wars, Kurt Vonnegut, and many more.
The former angel bit his lower lip. He didn’t want to talk about this without any of the Winchesters. It was their story to tell, not his. Both brothers had their own part in the prophet’s death.
He felt Cas’ intense gaze on him. He was too embarrassed to look up so he fixed his eyes in the box, counting the books.
Hannah decided that was enough. She turned away from Metatron who reassured her he would be there the next time she visited him.
Hannah looked around and when she noticed the sun’s position she turned back to the human, anger waking up inside her.
The silence that settled in the room stung his ears. The air he haled into his lungs burnt everything it touched. Dean felt blood draining out from his face and limbs and he feared he would fall on the ground if he wasn’t sitting already. He felt everyone looking at him and it scared him. He didn’t want to be in the spotlight of their pity. He didn’t need it. He was okay.
“Drink.” He offered the bottle to Dean while he reached over him to open the door on the other side.
She never had a good relationship with her father. He was a man of his carrier and not even his family could distract him. Not even his only daughter.
Castiel got a little offended by this but he knew Sam was just teasing him in a friendly manner. It’d been a long time since any of them could do that.
Cas’ eyes round as I finish. I see something flicker in his gaze and his true form grows darker, but not because of the burning Grace. It’s anger. He got offenfed by my words. He took it more personally then I would ever take. And he’s still pointing the Colt at me, hands turning white as the grip tightened around it.
The door easily opened with one light push. Moonlight shone through the dirty little windows to the left and the whole place smelled like it hadn’t been used in decades.
“Oh, I knew Deanna. Though she was a Driscoll when we met. Lovely lady.” A smile appeared on his face. “Now that I look at you… You look a lot like her. You were named after her, right?”
Hannah slammed her clenched fist into the wall. Damn it! It was Metatron’s fault. He had kept her in the prison on purpose so she would be locked here. She had to find an other way. Sam and Castiel were in danger. If she could get there in time, they would both die.
Sam chuckled. Dean getting frustrated because of an angel’s limited knowledge of human expressions was never not funny. Even when that angel was someone who wasn’t really that someone.
Theo eyed the plate warily. Castiel could tell he was disgusted by the food. For an angel who never ate – and if they did they tasted molecules – it was a strange experience. The coughing had happened to him too but he had forced his first human meal down his throat because he knew humans needed it. But Theo wasn’t the kind of angel who spent much time among humans. He didn’t understand many things about them. He felt sorry for him. He would soon face other human functions too. Very uncomfortable ones.
No, Abaddon had black eyes, Lilith had white and Crowley has red. Maybe when the book was written the writer didn’t know about this.
Becky was waiting for the three of them at the end of the stairs. She put a hand on her chin, rubbing it between her thumb and index finger.
“Remember that I stabbed you in the heart?” I smile as I recall that memory. “And you just looked at me with that ‘I can’t believe you were that foolish to do it, I’m an angel of the lord, you ass’ look.” I chuckle. “Good old times. You came in like a wrecking ball through that door. Now I don’t think you can lift a feather.”
“This is all I could do for now” he said with a tried voice. “I must keep some of my energy to heal Sam and myself.”
Castiel watched the woman for a while. He was grateful she had found him that day. He wondered what happened to her in his timeline. Was she possessed by an angel since she was a devoted Christian? He should have visited her. Inform her that he was alright. Was she still waiting for her Emmanuel to return?
Dean didn’t seem to be able to answer in the near future so Sam quickly took the list from his hand and after a quick glance at it he turned back to Ann Marie with a friendly smile.
This is the end of Act One. Starting with the next chapter every third or fourth chapter is going to be from a special point of view.
“Hannah?” When the angel looked at him, he continued. “Why did you think Metatron was controlling you?”
“What if ze doesn’t identify with a gender?” Charlie retorted angrily. “What about those who are trans or non-binary? What will you call them? Would you like to insult them by using the wrong pronoun?”
Dean screamed. His lungs were about to burst into a thousand pieces. He wanted to die. God, he wanted to die so much just to stop this pain. He couldn’t breathe, he felt little needles stabbing his brain and when all power left his body he fell on his side. On his left side, on his broken arm, but the pain there was nothing compared to this greater one.
Why? Why did I kill them? I shake my head and make a face. They didn’t deserve to die. They were just doing their fucking job, looking for a way to fix this mess. And what did I do? I killed them both. I didn’t want to but I killed them because I lost my mind.
Once sitting under the tree, Dean leaned back and watched the treetop. Some of the leaves were still green but most of it had a nice orange and red color. The sunlight shone through them and as they moved in the breeze the light twinkled. The man took a deep breath and closed his eyes. Why couldn’t anything be this peaceful? Just sitting outdoors and not giving a shit about the world.
Sam eyed Meg warily. Yeah, they had worked together in the past. Meg had died in the process. But that had been the Meg they knew, the one who had looked after Cas. This Meg on the other hand had a different history. Sam didn’t know if he should trust her or not.
“Wait a minute…” Dean moved his arm away and looked at the girl again questioningly. “You’re not freaking out that Cas is digging a hole for a dead guy right now?”
“I respect Castiel as a brother and as a commander” she answered. “And I advise you to talk about him respectfully too. He defeated you with your own knowledge after all.”
- I once had to go through a 100 or more pages of my dash because I was away for a few days. My head hurt like hell for a day.
Castiel tried to remember to any deity who could have a greater power than an angel. Pagan gods were strong but not that strong. Lucifer could easily kill some of them. This mysterious woman was a danger to them all. She hadn’t been in the other timeline so they knew nothing about her. But it seemed she knew about him, which was alarming.
He didn’t wait for the teen to answer. He followed Ephraim down, occasionally stepping on leaves that crunched under his feet. The angel stopped at the edge of the wood, waiting for Castiel to catch up.
“Why did she have to wait?” Sam looked up from the diary and turned to Cas. “You possessed Claire once. And that Esther had or has a child vessel too.”
“By going inside the Cage?” Ariel crossed her arms. “That would require greater power than an angel’s. Was this Alice really a human?”
“Believe it or not, some of us still do believe in our mission. And that means we believe in Castiel… and you.”
“Sorry!” Charlie pulled up her shoulders and sent him an apologetic smile. “You have to work on your stealth if you want to win a revolution.”
Sam sighed and dug his fingers through his hair. The past two days had led them off the right track. They had all got distracted, lost focus, and now danger was closer than ever. Once Hannah was back, he would bury himself into books again and wouldn’t stand up until he found something useful.
Dean woke in cold sweat laying on the front bench of the Impala. One shaky hand gripping the wheel, the other the seat tightly. A few long moments had to pass until he realized where he was and what he had seen was just a dream. A dream that deeply shook him. And the last part… God, he wanted to forget that…
He shouldn’t have done that. Hannah was an angel and angels didn’t touch anyone just like that. Only if they healed or fought or flew with someone else. For them giving comfort was probably through talking or something if not a completely foreign act.
Castiel turned back to the table and looked at the mug of coffee before him. The dark liquid was cooling down but he lost his interest in it. He just watched the dark surface and his reflection in it.
Now I’m hiding in an old mill somewhere in Europe. I have no idea where European monsters usually hide, but right now this will do. If there’s a werewolf hiding somewhere I’ll… I’ll just leave in peace. But I hope this will be my last hiding place until the ripple happens.
Dean felt a new wave of nausea washing over his body. His hands felt uncomfortably wet and warm despite the temperature and the dryness in the dungeon. His nostrils trembled as he felt the smell of the red liquid that wasn’t there, still he saw it from the corners of his eyes, flowing into the room through the cracks on the wall. It soon surrounded his body and the fear petrified him because he would surely drown. The blood will enter his body trough his nose and mouth, filling him up and explode him from the inside.
Castiel inhaled a deep breath and looked at Susie. The girl was whimpering silently, still under the shock of having a fatal wound. He had to help her. Had to save her. He only had one chance. Something he would rather not do, but he couldn’t think about himself right now. Susie’s wellbeing was above his fears.
“I’m almost done with it. Just a few lines are missing.” The teen put down the paper and looked at him. “What do you think? Do you wanna play some videogames? Mass Effect or something?”
Hannah tilted her head. Was the human referring to her sitting into the machine? The only ‘ride’, noun and verb alike, she knew about was meant as ‘ride on a horse’. Maybe the word was connected to automobiles too.
Castiel tightened his grip on Dean’s hand a little, like he was afraid the man would be swept away by his worries.
I caught a cold last week and I barely had the energy to go to work so that's why there wasn't a new chapter. But here it is now!
“I still don’t think we can trust them” he muttered. “That Sariel can make you her… zir – zir? – goon with a touch. What if ze finds them? Or. What if they’re already under zir control?”
I don’t think I have ever walked in this corridor before. It’s long and unlike the others it tilts down. Where the hell is it leading to? Sam’s heartbeat sounds louder here so I start walking down but I don’t have to look for him. He stands right there at the other end, watching me with a serious face. I smile.
Sam nodded and muttered a quick ‘right’ under his breath as he stood up, gathering his belongings fast. Jody did the same while watching him carefully. He made her curious. Maybe he shouldn’t have said anything at all because now he doubted he would have the courage to start this conversation again.
“What’s wrong?” Sam used his gentle voice. He talked to victims and relatives like this, reassuring them to share their pain and suspicions, he would listen to them. He didn’t know though if it was effective on Hannah. She was an angel after all.
She was right, of course. He shouldn’t delay it any longer. So with a sigh Sam shut his laptop and fixed his eyes on it.
Dean sighed. He pulled a keychain out of his pocket and walked closer. Crowley watched his every movement like a hawk and Dean wanted to become smaller and hide under the table. He couldn’t stand Crowley’s stare. It reminded him too much to his time as a demon, when he had stood in his office, waiting for his next job.
Gadreel placed two fingers on his forehead. Dean closed his eyes and the memories of that distant day flashed before him. Tessa sitting at the other side of the desk, offending Hannah. Hannah taken outside by him. Back in the room. Tessa talking about the souls in the Veil and then suddenly impaling herself on the Blade.
did he know what it was? No time for questions. He had to take it back to the bunker as soon as possible and call Cas…
Castiel packed his things and took a bus to the school. Apart from him, just a few people were on the streets. It was still early in the morning but he wanted to be there before anyone else could see him wandering around the school. He didn’t want to appear suspicious. Humans distrusted everyone who didn’t act normal, he had learnt that. What if they’d call the police and he’d be taken into custody? Who would save the girl then? Castiel couldn’t risk it.
It was the thirteenth day already and everything was still the same. Castiel felt restless. The second week would end soon, why wasn’t anything happening? Dean should be back to normal by now. Or had the witch lied to them? That the de-aging spell wasn’t temporary but permanent?
“And I noticed how you look at her and how she looks at you.” Becky sighed and shook her head. “The Winchesters and their angels with blue eyes. So many parallels.”
“Cas” Sam turned to him, voice calm. “Josiah joined Metatron. We don’t know the circumstances but at some point he started working against you. And” he continued when Cas wanted to cut in, “you still don’t know who killed Ezra. Josiah wasn’t there when he died.”
Sam shuddered as he took a deep breath and looked to his left. Cas was still there, leaning against the wall, staring towards him with wide eyes, shaking his head like he couldn’t believe what had happened.
“Thanks” Dean muttered as his brother and best friend helped him stand up. Despite the angelic healing, he still felt a little dizzy. His ears were ringing with a high pitch but he triesd to ignore it.
“It’s not.” Dean frowned at her. “Maritza’s brother is crazy, you should be careful.” Dean then looked at Sam. “You really think we have to split up? You said the towns were close. We can go together.”
“You listen to me, you son of a bitch” he started with a stern voice. “Yes, you fucked up many times. Yes, I was angry at you many times. But don’t you ever wish to die because of these, you hear me? You always wanted good. And it was not your fault I died.”
For a long while there was silence then the demon started laughing. Sam glanced at Cas but the angel just glared at Crowley like he wanted to shoot daggers through his meat suit.
Them calling me this hits hard. I know what I am. A demon, a killer, a monster. But angels used to call me something else. That, though I hated much, still felt somewhat right. It gave me hope that maybe I wasn’t a lost cause because why would angels risk their lives for someone not worthy?
“Dean Winchester!” he roared like a thunder. “It’s your fault that time broke in this world! Why would you think I’ll let you back?”
Sam rubbed his eyes with the heel of his hands. God, he was exhausted. Not in the physical way. It was like all positive emotions drained out of him and what was left pulled him down into a bottomless pit. Or to the Cage itself, back to Lucifer’s cruel games and activities.
“Why did you give her your number?” Dean found himself asking. He crossed his arms over his chest and leaned against the window as Cas turned the car around. They were heading toward the main road.
. He didn’t know how he should act in a situation like that, especially know that he didn’t have to hide from Sam.
meant. They had been always on the move, never stayed anywhere for longer than two months. It had been difficult to get used to Stanford.
“Take it easy, Dean” she said. “Your soul is still disoriented. Those few months as a demon and now suddenly being a human again weakened your whole being. Rest and don’t even think about hunting for a while.”
Ann Marie puts away the sponge-cloth and turns to an other man at the counter to refill his glass. Looking back at me she tilts her head.
Still, even though everything is peaceful, uneasiness settles in my chest as I look down then turn and walk deeper into the cave. There’s an uncomfortable flutter behind my ribs, like my lungs are shivering in cold. But I don’t feel cold, nothing related to temperature actually, and it’s still like it’s freezing inside.
So Crowley wants me to kill these angels turned demons. No wonder. They are Lucifer’s friends. They probably don’t want a crossroad demon like Crowley to rule Hell. I wonder why I haven’t heard about them before…
When the older hunter’s face turned crimson red Sam wanted to laugh. An embarrassed Bobby was a rare sight.
The last sentence saddens me and the smile melts from my face. Cas used to be so strong. I must say he sometimes scared the shit out of me with his unearthly gaze that stared straight at my soul, blue pits that lacked any emotion but hid a being greater than anything I had met before. But I changed him both for the better and the worse. For the better, because Cas is not that dick with a stick up his ass anymore. He had his own thoughts and emotions. For the worse because… he lost so much because of me. He’s dying right now because of me… Hester was right. Cas was lost the moment he pulled me out of Hell.
But no. He had agreed to it with little to no resistance. Those Winchesters had a bad influence on her brother. They could talk him into anything and then they were surprised when nothing happened according to plan. The brothers were a pair of madman, especially Dean.
“It’s a storage for unsolved cases” Dorothy explained. “The Men of Letters kept every document, categorized it according to the nature of the case. This one is for missing people.”
Dean drove like he was high. The grin on his face couldn’t be wiped off by anything. Sam hadn’t seen his brother like this in a long time. Or ever. Dean’s genuine happiness was so rare he sometimes doubted it existed.
Castiel was a great angel, no matter what mistakes he had made in the past. He had sacrificed so much. This was not what he deserved.
Gasping for air I quickly take the angel feathers from Noriel’s pocket and zap away, and hopefully find myself somewhere where I can finally be alone and wait for the end in silence without anything coming up again.
Kevin blinked. Then blinked again. He saw Dean’s lips moving, he heard him speaking, but the voice didn’t form into words and his brain didn’t understand the meaning.
Gadreel did as he was asked. This experience was new for the angel. His first vessel Thomas, who worked as a bartender, had been dormant the whole time he had occupied his body. But now Sam controlled his own body and Gadreel was just a…
Castiel sighed and rubbed his eyes. He didn’t know what to be anymore. An angel, strong and emotionless. Or a human, weak but free. Sometimes he wondered what would have happened if he hadn’t taken Theo’s Grace. What if he hadn’t left the Gas’n’Sip. Would he still be working there as Steve? And maybe one day, when Gadreel left Sam’s body, he would have gone back to the bunker. And Dean would be there too to teach him everything a human needed to know.
He had slept a little before he left the bunker. He had everything he would need in a backpack. The list of foods he could eat, the pills, a lot of water and the pack of grape sugar Cas had brought him. The latter was in his pocket. He also packed salt and a shotgun but he hoped he wouldn’t have to use any of those. Timmy had convinced his mother that he would be alright so he hoped the same would happen now too. He knew he should be careful. This would be the first time he met Timmy in this timeline. He didn’t want to scare away the kid or anger Mama Ghost.
“I simply banished the one who didn’t belong there” she explained. “That body is not Gadreel’s to use.”
They walked out the school and the first thing he saw was his Baby waiting at the side of the road just for them. He had the urge to rush there and check if everything was okay with her but Cas had asked Dean to trust him. And no matter how peeved Dean was, he trusted him. And he also decided to let him drive. Cas wouldn’t let him anyway.
“Okay” he nodded finally. His throat clenched as he talked. “First I need you to unchain me. I can’t contact him like this.”
“This storage room contains the reports of those cases that occurred before this place was built” she explained. “I thought maybe there was something about that woman Dean and Castiel talked about.”
“But I don’t think any of them wants to kill you” Lee reassured him and patted his shoulder. “Just thought I’d warn you before you start wandering around to have some small talk with the guests.”
Once the holy water is not burning my face anymore I wait until the Mark heals me and continue with more determination to catch the bastard. How dare he attack me like that! He’s gonna pay for it!
“I dreamt that I walked on the riverbank and a voice from above told me to go there the following day. It was like a suggestion from Heaven. Like the Lord Himself was speaking to me. And the very next day I found him.”
Dean then told him about the nightmare. How the Mark was controlling him, how he killed Sam and his own younger self and how he couldn’t stop that, how Castiel lived on stolen Grace.
“Look out!” Jody pulled Annie away from harm’s way only to be hit by a demon. Annie screamed but didn’t let panic to get hold of her. She grabbed the blade tight and cut everything that came too close to her.
“We freed you from Crowley. You showed us the way to Lucifer’s crypt and the angel tablet only to be killed by him.”
“Sorry.” When he didn’t get an answer he added. “For yesterday. And for everything that happened since you first came here.”
He tried to wake up every morning and run with the brothers. Charlie and Dorothy joined them too with Toto. He and Dean still couldn’t keep up with Sam, the two women and the small dog but it wasn’t a race. They were both now in a good shape, why would they overwork their bodies?
An uneasy knot settled in his stomach when the angel made her way down closer to him. She stopped two steps higher then him, coming to eyelevel with him. She narrowed her eyes and tilted her head, watching him like she was staring into his soul. Maybe she did.
Sam’s smile was quickly back on his face too. He was about to say something when out of nowhere a woman appeared in the library. Both he and Hannah looked at the confused lady who looked around then fixed her eyes on them.
“Oh.” Nora tried to keep the cheerfulness on her face but it was clearly seen she was really out of options. “Do you know anyone as reliable as you to look after a baby? You were my only hope.”
I feel the frustration growing in me. The Mark’s voice from the inside, Sam’s voice from the outside… The two soon mix together into one bizarre noise and my brain wants to explode.
“Left! Left!” Charlie shouted. She bounced up and down on the couch next to him in excitement. “The other left!”
So, remember when I said I'm adding a new subplot? Yeah, I have to reorganize the outline of the future chapters. *sigh* Why do I make my life so difficult? New subplot means new character POV next chapter.
“A lot of them, yeah. But it’s mainly because they are so distant from humanity. Maybe they watch over us, but they have no idea about how we work. Some on them refers to us as ‘mud monkeys’. Fortunately not all of them are like this. Cas, for example. He saved Dean from Hell and he’s a friend and ally of ours ever since. And there’s Gadreel too who’s now healing me.”
Speaking of rolling, he just realized how much the cuts and bruises on his face hurt. Not to mention his back and shoulders. Killing those angels had done no good to his aching bones.
. The real himself who hit the glass, who screamed and then stared with wide eyes when he realized he was seeing himself from the outside.
“Wait…” Dean stepped away from the table he was leaning against and looked down at the two women. “Oz? How did Sariel go to Oz?”
Dean’s low but painful groan pulled Castiel out from his thoughts. He quickly looked down at the man and his arm. Where the Mark was used to be, there was now a palm shaped burn mark. Some unknown feeling gripped Castiel’s heart at the sight and he unconsciously moved his hand to Dean’s other arm and placed it where his own hand had burnt into his skin. The burn was long gone but still… It meant much to Castiel. It was the evidence that he raised the Righteous Man from Hell and with that their fates were connected.
“Castiel.” The angel’s eyes lit up with fascination. Castiel knew the reason of that. Ephraim had told him that he had heard the pain he had been feeling. He could just wonder how loud his pain was now.
Hannah stood her ground as Sam stepped threateningly close to her, eyes locked in a hard stare. Hannah had just arrived from Heaven with the news. She had come here as soon as she heard it and as expected Sam didn’t want to believe her.
Elisa buried her face into her hands and prayed for Heaven that her dear Agnes was up there where angels watched over her. But she also begged to be taken to her, to be with her daughter in the afterlife. Agnes was so young and innocent. She needed her mother and Elisa needed her daughter.
Sam showed her a wide grateful smile that lit up his tired face. Hannah had a sudden urge to smile back but she stopped herself before her lips could curl up.
The day passed in silence. Sam walked up and down the bunker, not sure what he was supposed to do. He took a pillow from Kevin’s room and put it under the teen’s head. Went to the kitchen and made a salad which he didn’t eat right away. Back to Kevin’s room, took a blanket, tucked him in. Kitchen again, ate the salad. Checked on Kevin, passed by the dungeon, listened if Crowley was making any sounds, back to the library.
And she just now noticed that his hands were still on her waist and her were still gripping his shoulders. It wasn’t a comforting touch. It had more in it. It was warmer and safer than the touch on her hand a few weeks earlier. How far it was now! Like it had happened months ago. And how far they had gotten. She had learnt human gestures and words. She had learnt the meaning of the emotions whirling inside her. The angel she used to be was now only a shadow from her past. She was sure she wouldn’t be able to turn her back to this now. She couldn’t turn her back to who she became. And most of it was thanks to him.
“Last time we burnt his action figure but she’s connected to Timmy himself” Dean said. “We told Timmy to convince his mother that he could take care of himself.”
. It’s so good to say out loud. I remember the grief every time I looked at his flask, the moments when I thought he helped us – then it turned out he really did. I remember the moment in the hospital when he opened his eyes, fighting for every breath just to write a few numbers on Sam’s palm. When his eyes locked with mine and the smile he had on his face when he said ‘idjits’. The hope that everything would be fine and the horror to realize those were false dreams.
This was what it meant to be an angel with a soul? Struggling with emotions and cursed with the knowledge that their family would never understand them? That they would turn their backs to them once they start acting less like an angel and more like a human?
They had been about six hours away from the bunker when they had stopped at the diner. Where this conversation had happened.
He was pulled out of his thoughts by the ringing of Harry’s phone. The man picked it up with a huge idiotic grin on his face.
“I… accept your offer” Castiel continued but quickly added. “But not here in front of everyone. And you let her live.”
Hannah casted one last look at Metatron and turned to leave. She heard enough. She had enough with the lies.
“Why did you two fight?” she asked. “Bobby told me you’re friends. Why would friends hurt each other?”
“Eye of a tornado?” Dorothy shrugged. “And if Sariel is really a former archangel, ze has the power to travel to other dimensions, right?” She turned to the angels, who all nodded in agreement.
“Come on!” Becky slapped Sam’s back cheerfully. “I’ll make you a sandwich. You must be hungry after this much excitement.”
“But it’s not about me now. It’s about you” she told him, looking into his eyes without blinking. “Stay close to Castiel. Let him and Sam protect you. Let them keep you safe.”
I take the First Blade into my hand, raise it and wait. Or I froze, I don’t know… Why is Gavin this naïve? This…
“You always did everything for me. You never gave up on me. Now I want to do the same for you. I’m not giving up on you when there’s a chance we can do something. You deserve your own happiness, Dean.”
The betrayal by one’s own family hurts the most, Dean knew that. Be it turning their backs to the family or doing something bad for them behind their backs, it hurt.
The Mark sent a sharp pain up my arm and I bit my tongue to fight back a moan. Crowley didn’t have to know how bad it was. He would just call me weak which I wasn’t. I was a Knight of Hell. I was strong, stronger than anyone. I would kill anyone who dared to stand in my way, be it a demon, an angel, a monster or a human. I would spit on their corpses and kick them until everything under their skin was mashed.
The future where Lucifer had Sam, nine out of ten people was a croat, and I was a jerk who let his men – including Cas – die.
Sam entered the library with Hannah following him. They both looked startled by the mysterious roaring.
“You remember my name?” the angel smiled at him. “I’m honored. And why would it be normal to feel such enormous pain? She herself said that she wanted to die. All I want to do is help to end her misery.”
I don’t know how much time I spend there, trying to bring Cas back to consciousness. After countless minutes I have to acknowledge that no matter how I want to, a demon can’t heal. Maybe an angel…
“We are not” he said. “That woman is as much our enemy as Metatron. Or Abaddon. We need to stop her too before she could get our other siblings under her control.”
“You know you can’t run away from problems all the time, right? You have to face them. Like you have to face the bullies. You have to stand up for yourself.”
At first he tried to free his hands from the chains. Once again, his human instincts awoke and his reasonable soldier side stayed silent. With human strength he couldn’t escape from the handcuffs. He didn’t think his angelic powers would have helped now.
They jumped away from each other. The scene of the other Dean and the other Sam froze like a paused movie and in the middle of the barn stood Meg. It took only a moment for Dean to realize it was not the real Meg. She’d been a bitch for sure, but not even she could make a maniac face like that.
And who knew who else, he added to himself. Because maybe the other Leaders of Hell didn’t show themselves, but they were still out there, hiding in the shadows.
No matter how many times she asked, Castiel just shook his head and walked forward without stopping. Hannah could see every step was a torture for him so she stayed close to him to catch her brother the moment his legs give up. But somehow Castiel kept going, like he had a hidden source of power. Maybe it wasn’t his Grace but something unknown to angels.
“What was this all about?” I ask, motioning towards Sam’s unconscious body. “Why did you let him try open the Cage?”
“Are you that stupid?” he asked between two snorts. “After everything you still ask for help from him?”
It took about twenty minutes for Cas to finally get back. He dropped his bag on the backseat then sat behind the wheel again. Dean was about to remark not so kindly how slow he was when Cas put a plastic bag on his lap. Dean put his hands on it quickly because it threatened to roll down his legs.
“I don’t consider healing you as a way to waste my power.” The angel frowned at him disapprovingly but his features quickly softened. “What happened to you two? How did you get hurt? And where’s Gadreel?”
“Why would I freak out?” Daphne asked. “There’s nothing wrong, right?” The woman looked up at Bobby. “Right, Bobby?”
Castiel blinked. And blinked again. Was he… burning out? The Grace was definitely fading from him but did it damage him in the mean time? Castiel looked inside him, every corner of his form, but he found no wounds. The Grace was getting smaller with each day, and it did hurt, but he was still himself. His soul was untouched.
Dean was petrified as he watched the woman closing the distance between them but when she reached out to touch Sam’s forehead, Dean quickly snapped out of his stupor and made more steps down the mountain. His foot slipped a little but he could still hold himself and Sam up.
The former angel walked next to the hunter who motioned his head towards the wall on the side of the stairs. Castiel observed it. There were photos and awards of boys who had lived here, winners of sport events. Castiel didn’t understand what Sam wanted him to see but then he noticed a familiar name. His eyes widened in surprise.
The man watched him for a while, staring at him so intensely without blinking like he wanted to change Castiel’s mind without words. After a short while it made the angel uncomfortable, and he wondered if he had had the same stare in the early days of his time here on Earth. He should apologize to Dean for that.
“He was the county champion” Sam explained and sighed sadly. “He lived the best months of his life here. If not for me…”
“You know we can’t force him to talk.” He waited if Cas would say anything then continued. “But we have to make sure he knows that no matter what, we will be there for him.”
“Alice wrote in her diary that Sariel needed to wait until Elisabeth was old enough to say yes to her. And only angels need the vessel’s consent, demons don’t.”
“I don’t know when my birthday is.” Then he blinked a few times, turning around, looking for something. “I felt… something familiar in here… Something…” He then stopped, shaking his head. “Maybe it was just you. You were gone for so long, I thought something bad happened to you. Is everyone alright? You too, Daphne?” he asked, looking behind Meg. “What happened?”
But I shut my mouth and look at her sympathetically because that’s how I get my prize. Making annoyed comments would just ruin everything.
Hannah didn’t know what Castiel saw in him. Yes, she had to admit that his soul was brighter than the brightest star of the universe, but that had little to do with what his mind or what his actions suggested. And Righteous Man or not, Dean was not a good man. Castiel was so obsessed with the image of a perfect Dean, that he didn’t see the truth. Just one glimpse into Castiel’s memories and she knew she had to be careful with the human.
“Come on…” Beads of sweat run down my brows. I gather every ounce of my energy into my palms and push it inside him.
“I’ll use my Grace to help you sleep. Not for too long” she added quickly when Sam was about to protest. “We’re running out of time, I understand that you have to give up your time to recharge for research purposes. You will sleep for a few hours, dreamless and undisturbed, so your body could rest. Will you allow me to help?”
The Empty slowly lowered its hands. It was still staring at him in bewilderment , but it seemed to be calmer. More at peace.
Sam at the beginning had been against Meg’s help but he had to realize they were out of options. The more people looked the sooner they would find anything.
Hannah was so surprised by this sudden change in the angel’s behavior that her grip weakened. Castiel lived with this opportunity. He shrugged off Hannah’s hands and quickly made his way towards his room. The angel and the hunter both looked after him.
“I knew you were trouble” Vesta hissed at her. “I should have killed you right there in the office.”
Finishing his rant, Bobby shrugged off Sam’s hands and turned his back to the brothers. The sudden encounter with the Winchester’s dead father figure left even the demonized Dean mute. He gaped for a few moments with wide black eyes before he said anything coherent.
“Nothing really” Emmanuel had replied with an honest voice. “We just… stared at each other… Who was that man, Bobby? Do you know him? Was he from my past?”
“Okay?” She turned to the two women but glanced back at Sam a few times. “Hi, I’m Jody Mills, sheriff of Sioux Falls, wants nothing to do with the wackadoo stuff but it always just happens.”
“It’s not really about giving it up for him” Castiel explained. “I do it for myself so I can truly be part of the place where I belong. And if Dean’s also part of it? Well, I would also gladly accept that.”
could fix this. But I don’t want to be fixed, damn it! Why can’t he understand? I’m happy the way I am. This is the new me. This is the real me.
“Oh my! You’re too cute! Pretending to be weaker? Really?” She looks back at me, still laughing. “You
“Everyone told you the only way to stop Lucifer was to say yes to Michael” Charlie explained with a calm voice. “And what did you do? You found an other way.” She placed a hand on his shoulder. “Dean, I know you were desperate. You wanted to pay for your crimes but it was the worst you could do. You’re a Winchester for crying out loud. I know you think self-sacrifice is the Winchester way, but you can certainly find a better way, you just have to look.”
Meanwhile the former angel carefully pulled up all those layers of clothing Dean watched the scene happening a few feet away from them.
The sudden burning came as a surprise. It felt like her body was burning from the inside as the being entered it. Her inside was lava she was drowning in. Elisa felt her consciousness drifting away to an unknown place, far from this plain of existence.
Garth’s body shook as he started crying. Sam put a hand on his shoulders to prevent the smaller man from falling.
Then he glanced at Hannah. She looked relaxed but Sam could see the little changes of her behavior. The slight frown, the way the corners of her lips tilted down.
Sam watched Hannah as she sat down next to him on the bed. She nervously rubbed her hands together and when she spoke again her voice was low and shy.
But he had to do it. For Dean. Dean had sacrificed so much for him, his own life included. It was only fair that Sam would do the same for him. He should be dead for years now. He should have died in Cold Oak.
Or was he just a good actor? He didn’t want the other two to find out he had come back in time too, probably, which was understandable. He wanted to have an advantage against them.
“He’s working for an angel called Bartholomew” Sam explained. “They’re manipulating people to say yes to angels.”
Something warm and gentle touched his forehead and he leaned into it. He just realized moments later that it was a hand out of nowhere.
He hurt him. Twice. The first time because of a rush of emotions then because of some misunderstanding. Or maybe distrust. He remembered Dean acting weirder, more violent those days. The way he had beheaded that vampire… The things he had said to him after they left the Angel HQ… Dean hadn’t been himself. Or… He had just ignored his silent pleas for help?
With her free hand she opened an other folder. There was a photo of her father, old, tired, broken. The lively glint of his eyes was gone forever.
As he was thinking about it he felt he was being watched. Sam frowned and slowly glanced up. Hannah didn’t move an inch, just her eyes travelled higher. She was now watching him.
But could he blame her? How long had she been here among humans? A few months? Every angel would be like this. Even him on some level. His case was different from hers only because he was broken. He had never thought like the other angels, always questioned everything, always had second thoughts.
I blink away the green of my eyes and I appear in the dungeon. The place has a familiar vibe. This is where Sam and Cas locked me when I tried to kill Gadreel. I’m in a Devil’s Trap and outside it stands Sam. He looks terrible. Face crumpled, dark shadows under his eyes, hair longer and messy. Like a caveman.
But Castiel stopped when he remembered why he was here in the first place. He had to kill the one with the Mark of Cain. He had to kill Dean.
Hannah looked behind her. Did Castiel feel the same way? Did different forces of emotions conflict inside him, effecting his actions and way of thinking? Was it why he had made that hasty decision regarding Dean and why he wanted to die so much now?
A thousand scenarios played down before him. Each involved those bastard angels setting a trap for Cas who naively walked into it. Or what if that woman got her hands on him?
“I’m not living under the same roof with a Winchester!” a male voice said. Some others nodded in agreement.
“He came to me. At first I didn’t want to use it because I believed in you, Dean. After everything you did I still believed in you!” The frown softens on his face. “I hoped that a part of the human that I knew and admired was still there hidden somewhere! I worked day and night without rest to find a cure for you!” Castiel shakes his head and adds with a low voice “I believed in you…”
Every word is like a stab, worse than anything I had to experience. Cas didn’t give up on me. Not after he first saw me as a demon in the dungeon, not ever. This idiot believed in me and looked for a cure even though he was dying. He believed in me after everything I did to him, after everything he had to go through.
He knew he was old and he would stand out among those twenty something kids but still… What if he went back to school? He hadn’t finished the last year of high school. But there were schools for adults, right? They could get a high school diploma at an older age then go to university or whatever. What if he… What if he went to one of those? Then finish it and continue studying then finish studying and get a job? An honest job?
He had texted Charlie an hour earlier about their arrival and their situation. She was waiting for them with Kevin in the garage when Sam parked the Impala. The young woman didn’t wait for them to get out. She made a beeline to the back door and opened it.
She was still hoping to see her brother again. She didn’t know he was already dead. He could tell her that he ran away and nobody had seen him. She would live with the thought that Alonso was still alive somewhere. Maybe she would look for him. Search for a brother who was already in Purgatory.
Cas says something but I don’t hear it, my attention is too fixed on the gun. Why hadn’t I thought about it? Instead of the First Blade I should have looked for the Colt. Maybe it could have killed Abaddon and then Metatron and now we wouldn’t be in this mess. I dropped it in a cemetery years ago but I think we…
Hannah looked away, thinking. There weren’t many humans she knew. Most of them lived in the bunker and she didn’t spend much time with any of them except…
“Until now he was killing demons and monsters but as I heard some angels became his victims too recently. Don’t you think it’s time to put an end to this rampage of his?”
I find at least a hundred books behind the door. All of them are dusty. It would tickle my nose if I were still a human. On one of the shelves I see a bracelet. It’s silver and has a pentagram charm, a Christian cross, a Men of Letters crest and many others on it. I don’t have to think for long to know where I saw it already. Mom wore a bracelet like this.
“I…” Hannah looked away as she started. “I don’t really know. The motion of the car and the smell of gas somehow made me dizzy. My head was buzzing and my mouth watered up. There was also this… tension in my throat that curled its way up. From my vessel’s memories I knew I was about to vomit. I’m sorry for my behavior. I didn’t want it to happen inside the car.”
“Who?” Dean asked, maybe a little too fast. He was blinking rapidly and his lips were pressed together. He knew exactly who Sam was talking about.
“You’re doing it right” he reassured her. Then he took a deep breath and looked at the door. “Let’s get back to work, shall we?”
From the corner of my eye I see Cas’ eyes widening but I fix my eyes on Sam who after the first shock says the words that would free me from the trap. Cas opens his mouth to say something but I’m already miles away before he can say anything.
Sam swallowed nervously. Hannah was clearly angry. Her eyes were narrowed, her fists clenched. There were many things Sam didn’t want to face, and the angry angel was one of them.
He was watching her for too long because in the next moment Hannah was looking back at him. Her blue eyes were narrowed, thoughtful, and he had to look away before he said or did anything stupid. Like back in Colorado Springs.
“Listen to me” he started. “Sam and Cas are going to Father Time. You go with them and when you get back…”
Castiel acted so fast he just realized what he was doing when his angel blade was already buried deep inside Ephraim’s stomach. The angel cried out as his being burnt out from the vessel with a flare. Castiel had to shut his eyes. The light was burning his human vision.
But John was not here. He was dead. He would never tell him what to do or not do. Dean was his own person. He could do whatever he found right.
“In our timeline we got the tablet and Kevin translated it before he got captured” he told everyone. “You need the bone of a righteous mortal, wash it with the blood of a fallen angel, the King of Hell and an Alpha, then stab Dick. Cut the head of the snake and every other Leviathan will return to Purgatory. I don’t know if you’ll remember it after the ripple passes the bunker but I thought…”
“Cas, wha…?!” Dean tried to pull away but the angel didn’t let him. He shoved the many layers of cloths up to his elbow and looked.
Hannah watched his face, the shining eyes and the wide grin that reflected the gratitude his soul radiated perfectly and also the warmth that she felt coming from him whenever she was around. And it was directed to her. He had never honored anyone with that kind of warmth, only her. It was only hers.
“My brother is looking for you two” Dean pointed at Maritza, ignoring a werewolf family for a moment. “How did you get here?”
Hannah moved away quickly like she was burnt. Her Grace pulsed uneasily, struggling with the images she had seen. She wanted to convince herself that all of this was a lie, Castiel was just playing with her mind. But there was nothing wrong with it. Those were Castiel’s true memories, no alterations.
Sam and Hannah stayed silent until they didn’t hear Cas’ steps anymore. The man sighed and rubbed his forehead.
“I’ll start from the beginning and please, no matter how much you want to cut in, don’t. It’s… difficult to talk about for the three of us.”
?” He motioned with his blade towards other Dean taking his last breath once again. “You want to see this for an eternity instead of coming home with me?”
Castiel smiled at Dean sadly. He recalled every memory of him. How his soul had reached out for him in Hell. How he had looked at him the first time they met in person. He recalled every conversation, every gaze, every touch. The words, the prayers, the hug, every ‘need you’s…
Sam turned his attention back to the road, so Castiel guessed the conversation was over. He looked away too, watching the landscape, listening to the soft snores behind him, deep in his thoughts.
The man stood up, slowly turned around and found Robin standing a few feet away with her guitar case in her hand. The woman looked at him like she just saw a ghost of the past which was not that far from the truth.
After Sam was on the passenger seat and Dean himself got on the Impala too he stepped on the accelerator. He didn’t turn around, just continued their way down on the road to Breckenridge.
Hannah looked up. Sam stood before her, looking down at her with worry and she noticed his temperature rose a bit. And seeing him being this close… Her Grace was getting hot as well like the surface of a star. It spread through her vessel, but at the same time she shivered. Opposite sensing again.
“And I trust her too” Cas said, oblivious to the – In Sam’s opinion – awkward tension or just ignored it.
Missouri shook her head and smiled at him warmly. Some would say it was motherly but Castiel had no idea about that. He had no mother after all and had never met his Father. The Father he had been looking for so long without ever succeeding.
They all agreed – wryly though – that if the King of Hell knew about Purgatory, he would know something about Father Time too. But what they didn’t calculate in was that the demon was not in his best moods.
“We have a spy among us, Castiel.” As she said it only her lips moved, her jaw was tightly shut like this would keep this conversation between the two of them, protecting it from the curious ears.
“No, he can’t” Cas answered. Sam was busy calling Dean for the hundredth time in the last few minutes. “Dean’s soul is troubled and it effects his body. He should rest for a few more days before he goes hunting alone.”
Cas loved being a human, he knew it. He had seen him exploring the human way of living and Dean had never seen him this relaxed ever. Maybe there were many dangers and threats outside but he enjoyed being a human. And finally Dean was there to teach him and lead him. He was on his way to correct his mistakes, to make his friend forget about last time. But some kind of Fate thought stealing that damn Grace was inevitable. That it was a fix point in the angel’s destiny he couldn’t change. Did that mean… he was destined to die too?
Hannah felt something strange in her chest. It was like her vessel’s heart was squeezed by a strong hand. It was uncomfortable and she used her Grace to ease the feeling. The hunter’s last sentence reminded her to something Castiel had said not long ago.
Cas looked down at the floor with an emotionless face and Sam turned his back to him. God, these idjits were so lost. They were two little kittens lost in the dark looking for the third one. Bobby sighed and rubbed his jaw. He didn’t know when this timeline thing would get back to normal but he would try to fix the boys until that.
Sam sighed. Cas was right. The problem wasn’t only in Dean but in Sam too. It wasn’t just Dean who hadn’t been able to accept Sam’s death. Sam could neither accept that Dean had become a demon and he himself had almost opened the Cage.
“I avoided the vital organs.” The angel wiped the blade with Susie’s jeans before he put it away. “But she will bleed out in two or three hours.”
Dean was about to say something back when a sudden pain shot through his body. Dean groaned out loud and put his hand on his chest, the broken arm hanging limply at his side. Metatron watched him with surprise.
“Think about it. Everyone in the group signed that they are virgins or made a new vow of chastity. And who did we give that clipboard to? Bonnie. Whatever happens here, it’s connected to her.”
Maybe Hannah won't be in canon anymore but she'll still be an important POV character in my fic. I'll miss you canon!Hannah! You had so much potential.
Sam glanced up curiously. In this sudden attention that was turned towards him, Cas inclined his head nervously.
Cas growled at him with annoyance, mumbling something that sounded like ‘it’s not morning, Dean’, and took a seat opposite to him. Kevin looked up at him warily but when he saw that Cas wouldn’t growl at him too he continued his work.
Sam pressed his lips together and turned away. Castiel knew his words caused the right effect. Both Wichesters needed to realize their codependency was unhealthy. Yes, Dean had raised Sam, no wonder he was so protective. And no wonder Dean provided the stability Sam needed in his life. They were the only family left for them, of course they would fight for the other with tooth and nail. But they had to work out a better way for that. They had to realize following their dreams and desires wouldn’t mean they gave up their family.
I look down at my leg, not believing what I see. Are Devil’s Traps completely ineffective on me? Good to know.
Opening the Cage meant Lucifer would be free again. Nothing guaranteed that he would help him cure Dean. But if Sam made a deal that he would only say yes when Lucifer took back the Mark of Cain then maybe he would do it. Lucifer wanted Sam. He would do anything to get him. And maybe he could save Adam too. Two brothers’ lives for his own was a good deal. But there was Michael too. But maybe Michael could help them restore time. He could send back Dean and Cas to stop Abaddon. But why would he do that? Michael had blown up Cas the last time. And he was still probably angry at Dean for not saying yes to him. Or saying yes then running away.
Castiel started with the trials and chronologically went on until he got to the part where the other Ms. Tran left with Kevin’s ghost. He made sure he explained the emotional struggle that lead to and followed the tragic death of Kevin. He didn’t want the woman to think that Dean or Sam were not capable to take care of her son.
“Yes” he answered. “That is one of the many things I regret. Dragging you into this without the proper knowledge.”
He knew he shouldn’t be that optimistic. Lachesis said there were things that were destined to happen. He could only hope that when they face one of those, they would know what to do this time around.
. Probably the one who knocked him out. Was it a demon? What if the rings, the key to the Cage, were in the hands of a demon? What if they open it? Apocalypse number two?
Oh, the good old ‘I think you’re stronger than me, why don’t you join me then?’ conversation. I was already looking forward to that actually, waiting for somebody to finally say it. There are bigger players than Crowley, like Asmodeus and her friends. I’m a Knight of Hell; invincible, unstoppable. Which demon wouldn’t want a guy like me in their army? Not that I want to join any of them. I’m only working
She would have thought about it more if not for the sight that welcomed her. Or more likely the sight that didn’t welcome her.
As he fell on the ground, his body started shaking with sobs. He couldn’t do it. He couldn’t stop the demon. He would die without doing anything useful.
“Cas…” Dean’s hand sled up to the back of Cas’ neck, rubbing his thumb just under his hairline. “I am real.” Then after a pause he added. “We are.”
On the seventh day Sam and Eileen had to leave. There was a case about an hour away from them and they were the only hunters in the area. Dean nodded and told Sam to have fun with his girlfriend and look out for sneaky nails. Sam’s face couldn’t decide whether to turn red in embarrassment or be confused. Dean just waved to him and told him to be safe.
Dean took the EMF meter from his pocket and turned it on. Nothing yet, just the usual normal sounds when there weren’t any ghosts nearby. Were they at the right place? Swan Mountain, west side. That must be it. Then where was the man?
Dean stared at his brother, freezing with one leg already inside the Impala. Sam blinked a few times, looked everywhere but at any of them, then muttered ‘forget it’ under his breath and sat inside. Dean turned to Cas questioningly in hopes that maybe he could explain Sam’s strange behavior but the angel was as lost as him. Hannah too blinked a few times then got inside the Continental.
The ghost of the woman showed her son a bright toothy smile then disappeared as her body turned into a glowing mist.
… When he had stabbed and stabbed and stabbed he hadn’t felt pain. His mind had become blank but he hadn’t felt pain.
These thoughts of course didn’t help calm his anger. Castiel took a fistful of his hair and gripped it tight. He had to bury those emotions as deep as he could so they wouldn’t stand in his way. He had always wondered why Sam and Dean but mainly Dean would do that. Emotions were wonderful, they made the human life colorful. Now he could truly relate to the Winchesters. Emotions in times like these stood in the way. They would just distract him from his mission, namely finding Father Time and helping Dean. He had spent a lot of time in Heaven’s archives looking through books and scrolls but nothing. The Mark was only burnt into Cain’s arm before Dean. There was no known way to cure the man.
“Remember the angelic massacre in that road house? Gadreel met him after that, outside the bar in Wyoming.”
“You know how humans are so flawed creatures” he explained. “When a pure angel gets too close to them, the human corrupts the angel’s Grace. Like how our dear Castiel’s Grace was corrupted. And that’s why he was perfect.”
Gadreel watched Castiel for a while then nodded. He raised his hand and placed two fingers on the other’s head. The angel closed his eyes and watched.
“I don’t think, I know.” Metatron chuckled. “You’re too rigid. All business all the time. What would your human say?”
Glad that the subject finally changes – though I had been the one to bring it up in the first place, – I put on a more professional façade.
Hannah’s Grace boiled in anger. She wanted to go inside the cell and strangle the breath out of the angel. But she had to let Metatron talk. He’d make a mistake soon. He’d make a mistake.
He tried to call out his name but he felt something hitting his shoulder and everything became dark.
It was a big white bear – a little shorter than Dean – with warm brown eyes. Honey. That was the bear’s name. Dean took it everywhere he went, always keeping it at sight. He dressed it in his cloths, brushed its fur, held tea parties where all of them were invited.
I narrow my eyes. Did the Campbells know the Men of Letters? Were they allies or something? Or was that just because of the angels and their big plans to make John Winchester and Mary Campbell fall in love and create the vessels of Michael and Lucifer? The world may never know.
“Wow…” she said when Dean got to the end of the story. She had to wrap her head around it. “That’s a lot of mess…”
He made his way to the library and the farthest table in the room where all of his translations were scattered around. He tuned on the little lamp, sat down and rubbed both sides of his face. Elamite. Dear effing everything, Elamite. How the hell would he translate this to English? A dead language? He had already looked around the bunker twice, accidently found a computer room and a huge dinning room but there were no Elamite to English for Dummies. There was nothing about the Elamite language just that dusty codex from triple x BC.
But they parted when they saw her coming. Her Grace pushed them out of the way as she walked across Heaven. None of them was brave enough to approach her, just one.
Meaning it’s not his job to tell, I have to find out myself. Okay. I have to find Father Time. How do I do it? Sam is looking for him and he doesn’t know anything yet.
Hannah left the cell in a hurry. She slammed the door behind her and towards the portal. She didn’t know how much time she had left. Opening a new portal near Father Time’s location would take a few minutes.
Hannah blinked without really thinking about it. She recognized this as the human way of showing confusion. Her Grace was turning into a soul? How was that possible?
“It’s not evil” Dean said, turning to Cas. “The Empty has no hidden agenda. It doesn’t want to destroy the world or control it. It just wants to… to go home, in a sense. If you and I can also get frustrated when some outside force suddenly changes our whole lives then it can be too. Like how the angels fell. They were lost and scared and frustrated and angry, but they just wanted to go home.”
Castiel looked down at his lap. Dean deserved so much better, not a mother burning on the ceiling, decades in Hell and a destiny he hadn’t want anything to do with. He deserved to be happy, live in peace, be loved. But the only things he got were pain and tears.
When the silence between them stretched out too long Gadreel glanced up warily. He was expecting to find anger on his brother’s face but instead he found thoughtful eyes watching the road.
Like the nightmares. He hated those with a passion. Every time he woke up he felt so vulnerable, because what if those monsters were real and were in his room and right under his bed waiting for him to get out of bed and grab his ankle and yank him into the shadows. He knew these were foolish childish fears but fuck… He met monsters every day since he had been four. Of course he was afraid of them!
- "Self-sacrifice is the Winchester way" is from the amazing 'Supernatural: a Parody' by eyemoonvideo https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ipQRqtMuL7w&list=UU4sKHgjMQluqlEKSNFrxiHw It has a part 2 and a part 3.
“Good” she said. “Good.” The woman rubbed her eyes and looked into the light again. “Can I… Can I go to her?”
“I want to ask you about the missing members.” Tammy’s eyes lit up with excitement and she was about to start ranting but Dorothy held up a hand to silence her. “Did they break their vow?”
Sam quickly turned to Charlie. The woman had a hand on her forehead, rubbing it, while she had a confused look on her face.
He sometimes wondered how different his life would be if there hadn’t been any supernatural creatures running around. If there hadn’t been angels and demons and God and Plans and a destiny he never wanted. When that djinn had captured him, he had seen a world like that. His mother alive, Jess alive, hot girlfriend… But that was it. His relationship with Sam was horrible and his life… Now he wondered… Had that been only a world he had thought he deserved and were only capable of, and the djinn thought that was what he wanted? Bobby had said he would have gone to MIT if he weren’t so selfless. Was he, or now maybe, had he been really MIT material? Ash had gone to MIT, and he had been an… interesting person. But he had been a great help with the Yellow Eyes case. Dean was good with cars, he had rebuilt Baby countless times. And Frank had taught him one or two tricks and he had learnt those fast. And he had built an EMF from a walkman. And when he had stayed at Sonny’s he loved going to school and loved learning new things. And… And…
They had cleared out a room before they took Theo from the Impala’s truck. The former angel tried to fight them but he soon realized he had no chance against two angels and four humans. They returned little after three in the morning so Kevin and Linda were still in bed. Charlie and Dorothy were had been up, waiting for them in the garage.
Maybe he offended Cas by not trusting his sister but Kevin had to be careful. Anything could happen. But fortunately Cas showed him an understanding smile.
“I knew we would find one here” the angel spoke again. “This is the place where Zachariah raised Adam Milligan. He left some feathers behind.”
“Okay. We’ll be around the area. There’s a simple salt and burn so anything goes wrong, you call and we’ll be there. Understood?”
By this reaction, Bobby knew something had happened to that Emma in Dean’s timeline. Poor kid… If anyone deserved to have a child, it was Dean. But he didn’t say anything, no matter how much he wanted to talk about it, tell Dean how many great things Emma inherited from him, how a wonderful young lady she was turning to be. They didn’t have time for that now.
“I’ve never heard of him…” Cas said. He was visibly confused by this fact. As an angel he was supposed to know about pagan gods, especially if they were the rulers of time.
“They are flawed, yes” Castiel had said one time. Maybe a few days after she had found him in that dirty motel room. “But that’s why they stand out from God’s other children, angels included. They have different personalities and hobbies. They feel differently, dream differently, love differently.” Castiel had sighed. “Angels would never understand it, maybe if they fall.”
Before the ten seconds pass I’m out off Hell, appearing in a cave entrance high in some rocky mountain. I have no idea how I came up with this place but now that I’m here I don’t really care. The place is far away from any civilization as long as I can tell. The cave is unapproachable from every directions and the area deep under it is a forest with some exotic trees. Maybe I’m in the middle of a jungle.
Dean laughed at that. Really laughed. He hadn’t laughed like this since he had taken Cas to the brothel. Damn, that was a long time ago. Maybe the Apocalypse was at their doorstep but everything seemed happier and better back then. They hadn’t been that broken yet.
“Hang on” I tell him even though he can’t hear me. It’s mainly for keeping myself calm. “I zapped with a passenger only once. And poor Gavin threw up.” I laugh but it quickly fades. “Poor kid… But I think you can handle it. You know how it feels. You flew around all the time when you had wings.”
Dean rubbed the bridge of his nose and opened his eyes to have a look at his surroundings. He seemed to be in a nurse office and he was laying on one of the beds. There was a needle in his left hand. The line from it was leading up to an IV bag that was hanged on a pole. To his right a white curtain was drawn, blocking the view to that side of the room. The voice was coming from behind it. It was a girl. Mainly she spoke but he could hear that others were there too, trying to ask questions but the girl didn’t let them speak.
A week passed in a blink. Castiel became friends with Charlie who made him play some video games with her and Kevin. It took a while for him to learn how to use the controller but he managed.
“Let’s approach this from an other direction. Something happened to you and your vessel recently that you can’t explain, correct?” He waited to continue until Hannah nodded. “What happened is that you felt a combination of unexplainable sensations you have never experienced before. My question is, which one of the fine humans is making you feel the way you do? Who has an effect like this on an angel?”
Castiel frowned. There were still things he didn’t understand about humanity. He hadn’t had a long time to fully embrace it. Sometimes he found himself longing for it. Being human had been a struggle but it held many wonders, things he only appreciated after he had lost it. He wanted to be a human again. He wanted to be free, do what he wanted, be who he wanted to be. If only the world allowed him to be.
“We don’t have much time.” Castiel stepped between them. Hannah noticed how sweaty his forehead was. His breath was shallow like he had a fever. “And any other options. We should check…”
With a smile on his face, Castiel hugged him with his right hand, leaning his forehead against Dean’s hair, mouth close to his ears.
“Here” Hannah said and pointed at the map. “Arkansas, south to Fannie and north to Lake Ouachita. In the area between Forest Service Road 7492 and J13C there’s a hill. A cave entrance in on the north side.”
“Woa, woa, woa!” Dean sat up properly and looked at the former angel with wide eyes. “Okay Steve Rogers, when did you start understanding any of my references?”
I remember the quake that shook the building where Metatron stabbed me. My chest aches a bit, but I ignore it. Was that when Cas broke the tablet? I remember Sam taking an angel blade into his hand and stepping towards Metatron but the bastard already vanished. Was that their plan? Cutting Metatron off his power source then kill him?
The demon tensed but he was relaxed again in a surprisingly short time. One corner of his mouth curled up as he looked past Sam’s shoulder. The hunter felt a chill running up his spine. Something or more things were approaching him with a lazy pace. He heard something touching the concrete. Something very familiar to
Dean wanted to ask what he meant by ‘treats’. What kind of treats had he gone through to finally be able to control the wolf in him? But he didn’t want to interrupt him nor bring back bad memories. Maybe later.
Gadreel looked around then made his way out the bus station. Just when he located the closest motel did he answer.
“And how did you meet her?” He was curious now. How did this man know so much about both sides of his family?
The woman looked up and, before Dean could say anything, she buried her face into Larry’s shirt and started crying. Dean leaned back against the backrest. Maybe his eyes betrayed him. Maybe Maritza could sense his thoughts somehow.
“Oz? Really?” When Sam sent her an apologetic smile she shook her head. “What’s next? You gonna tell me that Doctor Who exists?”
“I’m sorry” he apologized quickly. “But this whole situation is so ridiculous. It’s like the worst joke of the universe. I’m sorry if I offended you.”
Having his Grace back came with a lot of negativities, but compared to those this positive one meant a lot to him.
No matter how much he had tried to ignore his brother’s words he could never give him anything. There had always been something that made them forget about that day in January. A hunt, running from monsters and demons and angels, escaping certain death, having an argument. Last time, a week or two before Dean’s birthday, they had had that fateful conversation after the case in Canyon Valley. Sam’s smile faltered. Next time will be better. Much better.
It was now the former angel’s turn to look at Dean questioningly who stubbornly avoided eye contact. What was Lachesis talking about? What had Dean wanted to do?
“Why would I help you, anyway?” he asked. “You locked me in this bloody dungeon, chained me to this chair, and never visit me. I want to go outside before I translate anything for you.”
Before Nicole could finish, Hannah reached out and placed to fingers on the human’s forehead. Nicole blinked questioningly and when Hannah moved away she looked at her arm in disbelief.
“Son of a… Timmy!” he said, louder this time to be heard in the roaring wind. “I know you’re scared! I’m sorry I scared you! I don’t want to hurt you! I want to help!”
“The Colt?” he asked, one brow jumping up then down. “Seriously, Cas? You’re pointing the Colt at me?”
Thomas hesitated for a moment. He looked at the empty glasses and the inpatient crowd waiting for their drinks then walked to the angel.
I step closer to the wall and as soon as I’m standing there I see a handle in the shadows. I grab it, pull it to the left and the hidden door rolls away.
Hands entered his vision. They touched his hands, grabbed them, and those were so clean compared to his own ones, he feared he would taint them and drag the owner down this deep rabbit hole.
Before Metatron could step closer to her, Hannah grabbed his head and slammed it into the wall. Metatron made a painful noise.
“My Grace is not corrupted.” Hannah swallowed hard. She felt dizzy. All these confusing questions… Shouldn’t she be the one interrogating Metatron? Why was
What would John say? Dean wanted to laugh. Probably nothing. He would shoot him or chop down his head because Dean was a monster, and monsters had to be destroyed. He had never been a good son, anyway. Not ever since he had let that Shtriga hurt Sam. He gripped the bed-sheet under him as he remembered every time his father had said or done something, as he remembered how it had hurt. He felt like John was there now, standing in his room, looking down at him, mind taken by hurt and vengeance. Dean mourned the father he never had. Because the father he wanted would have understood. He would have supported him and stood beside him.
The girl helped Castiel stand up with Dean. He put the man’s arm around his neck and carefully walked with him out the woods. The girl walked next to him, leading the way.
“We’re still unsure if Bobby would remember us when the two timelines merge together” the angel explained. “That means you would neither remember the way to stop the Leviathans.”
The older man smiled. Always worrying about others, that was who Dean Winchester was. How could that thing on his arm turn him into a demon?
Kevin watched the angel helplessly. What should he say now? Don’t worry? It would be alright? He shifted uncomfortably in his seat and waited in silence. He wanted to tell Cas that he wasn’t useless. He helped a lot, be it a small or a big help. None of them would call him useless. But the angel had so little self-confidence that he wouldn’t believe him or anyone of them.
He felt a light touch on his back and as he took a deep breath his hunger lessened and the dizziness passed when an other Grace washed over him. It was not the first time this Grace healed him but the first time in this new timeline and he was glad to know the owner of it was still among them.
They had no destination as they walked. They made their way through the small woods and arrived to a meadow. It was a warm afternoon, a gentle breeze moved the leaves behind them, and the only sound was the insects all around them.
Hannah wanted to sigh with relief because when she would seek Castiel’s help Sam wouldn’t be there. But instead she frowned. Sam’s soul was troubled. It shivered in both anger and fear and a dark depressing thought surrounded it. The angel quickened her steps. Sam was far away when she walked down the steps leading to the front door but maybe Castiel could answer her.
The angel walked deeper into the warehouse. He didn’t have to use the Grace in his body to detect the Mark. The darkness covered everything. It radiated from the walls and the air. His eardrums popped with every step as the power became heavier. He was getting closer. The angle blade appeared in Castiel’s hand and he prepared himself to the task. The owner of the Mark was stronger than him. He had to surprise him. Sneak behind his back and stab…
“Woa, I never doubted that!” Sam threw his hands up in defense. “Cas just has some issues with his self-esteem.”
They arrive sometime around midnight to the field with the abandoned building. They parked right next to the Impala and as soon as Dean got out the car he stretched. Damn, his knees and back would ache for days for sure.
Michael leaned down a little. He towered above Castiel but the angel didn’t get scared of his brother.
When Lee left, Bobby rubbed his face. What Lee said was true. Too true. They took safety for granted. There was a big storage room packed with food. The water was cleaned by some kind of magic because after flushing down the toilet, it came back cleaner than anything Bobby had seen. He didn’t know what the Men of Letters had expected when they had built this place, but they were prepared for everything.
My stomach is twisting. I was thinking about normal people who need the blood more than me? I thought about their wellbeing? Is that a twinge of conscience?
Nervousness had settled in Dean’s stomach as the fire had turned into blue then black. The sigil on the wall had flared up, the same wall the Empty had appeared to take Cas away, and a portal had opened up with all its black gooeyness. One last check on their weapons and they’d been ready to go.
“He didn’t want to come” she answered. “I heard about the angels in the area, told him to leave with us, but he refused. He said he didn’t want to run like a coward.” Maritza took a shaky breath and shook her head. “I should have stayed. Alonso is hotheaded and reckless. I should have stayed with him and keep him safe.”
The last third of the chapter, the part starting with Metatron taking his blade in his hand, was written more than a year (!) ago, before the first chapter was published. Every time I write, I start with the most important parts of the story, and this was one of the many. Because this one event will lead to the landslide that is Act Four. But before that, Act Three has one last chapter yet.
Sam didn’t have to tell anything else, the former angel was already on his way towards the eldest brother’s room. What had happened while they weren’t here? Where had Dean gone? Had something happened to him? Had it been the Mark?
The girl and Sam looked up. At the end of the corridor stood Bobby. He was stunned, the kind of abashment Sam had never seen on his face.
suffering! When the angel woke up, I woke up, and it’s only getting louder and louder! If I have to suffer, he has to suffer with me!”
In his opinion it was too human to effect an angel. It horribly reminded him to Cas when he had been falling. He had been drunk after consuming everything in a liquor store, slept in the car…
“Where’s the guy!” he repeated harsher and he would have regretted it immediately if he wasn’t in a hurry.
“I touched your soul, Dean. I rebuilt you piece by piece. I know every part of your being. Trust me, I know what you do and do not want.”
I quickly pick up a rock and throw it. The rock rapidly flies through the air, knocking out Sam as it hits his head. His gigantic form falls on the ground, dropping the key in the process.
Dean felt a stab of pain. For a moment he was in angel headquarters again, locked in the interrogation room, Tessa running into the Blade.
“I don’t know. Every storage room in this corridor has unsolved cases. I came here because it was the first one.”
And with this sudden change of event he quickly snapped out of his rage. The finger that almost shot the gun moved away from the trigger and the determination that he would kill the demon was gone. He just stood there, looking at the demon’s shoes and lowered his gun.
I almost fall off the last step but I can stop myself in the last moment by grabbing the wall. The familiar greeting said by the worst voice imaginable stabs a spot somewhere in my chest that screams in agony. I also feel a wave of fear washing through me even though I know I’m the strongest from the two of us.
Sam noticed that after hearing the name Dean chewed on the inside of his mouth. He never knew the details of how Dean had found Cas. He didn’t even know he had lived a human life with a woman until Bobby told him. And he certainly didn’t know how Cas remembered again in the end. Sam was sure Dean had a big part in that because the Cas in Bobby’s timeline still thought he was Emmanuel.
I'm so sorry, Dean! TT_TT You were just getting to a better place and I do this to you... Also read this because Dean is hella fucking smart (I even have a tag for this on my blog): http://dwarven-beard-spores.tumblr.com/post/132757112546/its-fairly-well-established-in-canon-that-sam-is
“Dean?” Castiel placed a hand carefully on the hunter’s shoulder and gently shook it. Dean didn’t react to that.
Castiel sighed and rubbed his closed eyes. He knew he shouldn’t let Crowley play with him like this. He should stay calm and focus on the task ahead. But every time the demon mentioned Dean something just… snapped in him. He wanted to punch that smug smile off Crowley’s face, stab a thousand holes into his stomach and burn him into tiny crispy pieces.
“You’re acting like Dean, you know that?” Bobby asked with an angry but caring tone. “He always sees his mistakes but never the things he did right. You’re doing that too. Yes, you killed angels. Yes, unintentionally, but the angels fell because of you. But you pulled that idjit out of Hell. You saved him and his brother many times. You turned against your siblings when you knew they were wrong. You fought for good even though sometimes you didn’t chose the best way of doing that. And now you’re not caring about your health until you help others first. You
Dean opened his mouth to say something but his phone started ringing. Castiel moved away as he answered the phone.
“I had no choice!” he blurted out in defense and rubbed his right arm. “Only a Knight of Hell can kill a Knight of Hell. What was I supposed to do?!”
from them. We have to stick together if we want to survive. The enemy of my enemy is my friend, they say. Humans, demons and monsters working together. Can you believe it?”
Dean stared at Cas for a long tense moment then let out that tension with a long exhale. Chuck had called Cas self-hating. And he really did hate himself for every little and big thing in the past. He’d seen it in the Empty, seen every memory, seen a broken angel praying for a God that never cared about him.
Hannah rubbed her palms into her jeans. Her skin suddenly started sweating but she didn’t have the time to think about it.
“We are good friends of Maritza” Sam said. “She told us to come today right after we arrive even at night and here we are. But where is she? She didn’t call us in a while.”
“When…” the former angel started but he shook his head. “Only Charlie and Dorothy weren’t affected by it.”
“No dirty shoes in the building!” a female voice warned them from below. The three stepped closer to the rail and looked down. Next to the map table stood Linda Tran with her hands on her hips, daring them to not listen to her. She was wearing some ill fitting cloths, probably Kevin’s. The jeans were rolled up and the shirt hung on her shoulders in a funny way. But the woman wasn’t in a funny mode. “I just cleaned the hallway.”
Castiel put Lucy’s gift on the table. He didn’t want to crumple it as his fingers curled into a tight ball.
“Any clues?” Dorothy asked, eyes still fixed on the building, searching for anything strange or out of ordinary.
“As tempting as it sounds, you are in no condition to overpower a demon. Even a human can hold you down with ease.”
“I can’t let you go alone” she said. “You don’t have your Grace. You have no chance against Malachi and his followers.”
“No, I’m not!” the other man declared stubbornly and to prove his point straightened himself. But the only thing he could prove was that he couldn’t stand for long without a support. Castiel was quick to grab his arm when Dean dangerously swayed to his right.
Dream or not, he was sure his father would have killed him in the very moment he found out who he had become in every aspect. He had ordered him to kill Sam after all. He had beaten him prior his time in the boy’s home. Werewolf, yeah.
The door opened slowly. Castiel opened his eyes but didn’t move his head to see who entered. He heard footsteps approaching. A female. They were too soft to be a man’s. Probably Hannah came back. Castiel shut his eyes and pretended to be asleep. He didn’t want to talk. Hannah would understand.
“You’re in denial, I see. Or perhaps you didn’t realize the meaning of your emotions yet.” He leaned closer, his face inches from Hannah’s, his eyes staring into hers deeply, looking for answers. “I ask you again. Who corrupted your Grace?”
Hannah frowned at that a little and Sam suddenly feared that the angel didn’t like him ordering her around but then she looked around with the same frown. Sam sighed in relief. She was just concentrating. Good.
He dozed off somewhere in Nebraska, the one night without sleeping hadn’t done good for his system. He should have stayed awake, he thought later, because he was dreaming again.
It was around midnight when they finally arrived. They had had to stop a few times to take a bathroom break and to have a quick meal but it didn’t bother any of them. In Castiel’s opinion it had been rather nice. Peaceful. Happy.
“You know” Michael started “I should kill you right now. You killed Raphael, played God, let the Leviathan into this world, shut down Heaven. You deserve to die. But you can do something for me.”
“How are you feeling?” Cas asked, looking up at him from the table. Despite being just recharged, Cas looked awful. He had circles under his eyes and looked too tired for an angel.
Castiel took Candy and Jerome to the closest hospital. Their wounds were mainly bruises but the lack of sunlight, fresh air and physical activity weakened them to a level that as soon as they had pulled the hellhound off Sam the two of them collapsed in exhaustion. Linda Tran refused to go with them. She wanted to see her son as soon as possible and a visit to the hospital just delayed the meeting.
Castiel lowered his head and buried his face into Dean’s hair. He was alive. He was safe. For now at least but if it depended on him Castiel would protect Dean till his last breath.
Castiel bit his lip and looked out the window. He couldn’t see the Impala from here but he knew it was still there.
When Meg finally hushed her last parting words to Cas who squeezed her hand gently, they were finally ready to go. There was just one thing left.
He felt Charlie’s concerned eyes on him and the regret that radiated from her. He didn’t blame her. She was curious, of course. And she wanted to help, because talking about problems is the first step to recovery, like his talk with Dean. But this one… This would take a long time before he could put it behind him, if he could ever put it behind him. Because it was an almost. And always the almost hurt the most.
“No.” Cas was stubborn but Dean was also stubborn. They could stand there all eternity and he wouldn’t still be convinced to leave Cas behind. Not again. Never again. “You saved me from Hell, you saved me countless times after that, so it’s my turn to save you now.”
The girl turned to him with confusion then noticed the angel behind her and quickly stepped away from him. She was just gaping as she looked at the angel and the former angel.
“Stop whining and get this over with!” his mother told him. “You help him or you will wash his pants!”
Castiel fell asleep. She had witnessed it so many times by now but it still worried her. Would the angel wake up in a few hours, or stay in the land of unconsciousness forever? While on the road looking for angels, Hannah had spent many hours watching over him while Castiel slept. He was vulnerable in that state. She didn’t understand how humans could fell asleep, knowing that anything could happen to them in the meantime. But Castiel was safe here. Nothing threatened his life within these walls.
“I heard about a virus around the area” he said. “It causes high body temperature. Maybe you should get your daughter checked by the doctor.”
Something moves in me under the pain. I can’t detect where it came from but I know it’s not the Mark. It doesn’t originate from my arm; it’s from a deeper place, somewhere that kept hiding until now. It warms up everything it touches and gives me a power I never knew I had. Or I just didn’t notice because it always came to me so naturally, and just as a demon I can see how great it is.
Oh, man. This was some Brazilian soap opera lever drama madness. The tension was almost suffocating and by Kevin’s reaction – inching away from the four as far as he could without being noticed – she wasn’t alone. And after a quick glance at Ms. Tran and Dorothy she saw the same confusion on their faces. She made a mental note to interrogate one of the three guys. Hannah wouldn’t answer her questions, she was sure.
“You’re so stupid, you know.” Dean’s voice was hoarse but Castiel mindfully ignored it. He sounded angry too but it wasn’t the dominant emotion. “Running into death like this. What were you thinking?”
Dean sighed and looked at Cas. That goodbye was burnt into his memory. He knew it would come back in his nightmares for years if not until the day he died.
’ Sam asked as he tried to come up with a plan that would end with them staying alive and the beast dead.
He didn’t want to, but he agreed to walk to the kitchen with Becky. Since her appearance he tried his best not to be left alone with her. He still remembered the days when the fangirl had drugged him with some kind of love potion and made him marry her. He feared that this Becky would try something too.
They walked inside and stopped at the desk in a line. It was like they were three disobedient students who stood before their principal. Well, Crowley would make one nasty principal.
Castiel found the tension in the bunker unsettling. Maybe the hunters didn’t voice their disagreement with Sam staying in the bunker, but the angel had eyes. He could see the unfriendly glances they sent the younger Winchester when he wasn’t looking. Sam noticed it too, of course, but he chose to ignore it. Castiel respected his patience regarding the situation. Unlike him, the angel took matters in hand. Whenever he saw someone looking at Sam in any way but normal or friendly, he openly glared back, showing them the anger of the angel he still was. Every time this happened the hunters looked away or left the room. This went on for two days until everyone learnt the ‘don’t mess with the angel’ lesson.
He wanted to ask why his Grace had been used for the spell. Why it had been him who he had chosen for as the villain in his story. How he could reopen Heaven. How he could cure Dean.
Crowley because that guy knows something big and I want to find that out. And because he gives me these fine missions that would end with my opponents blood on my hands.
There's a season 10 deleted scene with Sam and Charlie where Charlie says she had a dragon in Oz. So I named the dragon Arokh, after the badass dragon from the game called Drakan: Order of the Flame.
I turn to the source of the voice. I didn’t notice there was someone else in here and only realize who it is when my eyes lock with blue ones.
Hannah ran towards the portal. She felt a tingling on the back of her neck. It was chasing her. The ripple. All around her angels were changing. Many of her siblings had wings again, looking at the fallen with confusion.
Before Daphne could ask more about it Cas arrived followed by Hannah. The woman locked eyes with the confused angel then bolted towards him.
“So” he said when he finally stopped laughing. “I can’t annoy you with references anymore because you understand everything?”
He felt Daphne’s eyes on him, expecting him to answer but she didn’t say anything. Castiel let out a long exhale and put his fingers around the object in his pocket. He was going to do it today. He couldn’t wait one more day. His doubts would just grow.
I look down. The foot I stepped forward with is now outside the circle of blue flames. The fire is licking the back of my leg but I feel nothing but a gentle brush. There’s no heat, no burning.
Kevin turned around. Behind him stood a woman he hadn’t seen before. She had brown hair and blue eyes and she stared at him without blinking. Humans never looked at each other like that.
He could see their eyes on him. All of them watched him with concern and he just wanted to go to his room and hide there for a week or two. After that emotional breakdown on the roof, Sam acted so careful around him that Dean sometimes considered smacking him at the back of his head and kindly ask him to cut this crap. He wasn’t made of fucking porcelain. He could handle some shit. He always did.
He rubbed his face around his mouth and fixed his gaze on the grass. Dean had lost the food money. He had been sent here. John had said that Dean had been lost on a hunt. But if Dean had played a card game, had stolen from a market and had been arrested, when had he met a werewolf?
Castiel blinked and he was back in reality again. Nora watched him carefully, like a mother would look at her child. How foolish of him when he hadn’t noticed the signs. But he had been human only for a few weeks back then. No wonder he hadn’t recognized the purely friendly way she had been looking at him. Like now.
ready to hit the road. They put their bags in the trunk then, giving in to a sudden thought, Sam turned to Dean.
“I would like to join you too, Castiel” Hannah spoke up, still looking at Dean like he was the most evil creature of the universe, breaking the staring contest of the two. “You may need my help.”
“Take this filth away!” the shout was heard as soon as they turned at a corner. Arriving to Theo’s room, Castiel found the former angel sitting on a chair with his hands tied behind him. They couldn’t let Theo move freely in the room. He knew sigils that would banish Castiel and Hannah. They couldn’t risk it.
Sam couldn’t help but chuckle at that. He didn’t remember when they had celebrated Dean’s birthday the last time. Maybe never? Dean had always made sure to give some gift to Sam in May but whenever he had promised to give something greater to Dean his brother just waved his hand dismissingly.
Castiel frowned at this and looked down at their hands. That was when he noticed an other change. The way how round Daphne’s belly was under her shirt that he didn’t see when she was standing.
But instead Dean stretched, moved behind the driver’s seat and tried to find the most comfortable sleeping position.
I want to give Becky a new start. I imagine that the Leviathan Apocalypse would mature her and let her show her potential to be a good character.
Castiel reached towards the stone. He almost took it when the third angel jumped at him. Hannah, Dean, Josiah and Ariel moved at the same time. The two angels pulled the third away, while Hannah did the same with Castiel. Dean tried to attack the angel, but Castiel grabbed his arm to stop him. Sam and Charlie jumped between the two groups, with their backs to Hannah and the others, facing the three other angels.
, Castiel begged. He didn’t want this to happen again. Not again. Not again. It must be something he could change, right? Something he didn’t have to go through again.
Castiel held back his breath as he waited. The sound of the fight died, overtaken by silence once again. And then the lights were on, blinding the former angel with the brightness. Castiel covered his eyes, though he knew it was the worst thing he could do. He had to defend himself. He couldn’t let his attackers get him. That was what a soldier would think. But he wasn’t a soldier for a long time now. His human instincts dominated his every movement, like shielding his eyes from the light.
Where the hell was Dean? He couldn’t be too far ahead of them. Sam hadn’t stayed that long on the stairs. But his brother was nowhere to be seen and he started panicking. What if something happened to him? Attacked from behind like Sam? Killed or injured or captured? He should see him by now but every corner he turned following Hannah’s instruction presented him with a new empty corridor.
“What is a Fate doing here?” Dean asked, clearly in an attempt to turn the conversation to an other direction.
He drank the water slowly, always just a sip at once. His hands were shaking so much Cas had to help him holding it before he spilt it on himself. When he half emptied it he gave it back to Cas who screwed the cap back on it and put it back in the bag. Then the former angel leaned closer to him, examining his face thoughtfully.
But there were times when he couldn’t do anything. When the danger wasn’t an outside force he could fight against. He could only sit and watch while the man he cared the most about was in pain.
The bunker was nothing he had ever expected. It had the biggest supernatural archive he had ever seen with tools and weapons and documents. It was a real treasure box. Compared to that, the Campbells’ library was just a tiny shelf. They also had room for everyone and the most important: food stock for a lifetime. They didn’t have to live in fear of eating something that would turn them into Leviathan supper.
Dean turned back on his phone. He had countless missed calls and text messages from Sam and Cas. Dean sighed and dropped the phone on the passenger seat. He didn’t bother to read any of the texts. They were probably coming after him, sooner or later they would catch up to him and scold him in person. He would deserve it because yes, it was foolish of him to run away like that, he knew it. He should have waited for them, Sam would have understood and the three of them would be on the road.
Too many questions, damn it… It was like wandering through darkness without any light. He didn’t like uncertainty. It meant he couldn’t prepare himself for anything because anything could happen. And he couldn’t be prepared for everything. That was humanly impossible.
Soon after entering the city, they arrived to the address Malachi had sent Castiel. It was an old car service. The sign next to the entrance gate informed them that the building was under construction and it was dangerous to go inside. Perfect hiding place for anything supernatural, like abandoned storages, empty farms and old cabins up in the mountains.
I’m in the cemetery again, looking around to see where Sam is. I don’t really care if he finds out everything. Cas is more important than that idiotic plan of mine.
