Once the cafe has been returned to it's normal state, Steve, as requested, pays for both of their orders, apologizing once more for good measure. They both stand in the doorway, and Steve feels a familiar pull towards the other man, leaning into him as he tries to pull his gloves on.
Steve's getting flustered, and Tony finds it oddly beguiling. Cute, even, as he watches those bony fingers rub circles into soft temples. Now grinning, Tony stands up. It's obvious Steve has an attachment to these books, and he knows better than to insult something the super soldier holds so dearly. Steve's taken with the comic, ignoring Tony in favor of cradling it like a lost lover. Holding back the urge to whisper
"Huh," Steve mumbles, grabbing one of Tony's weird technological pads that he's barely got a grasp on. He uses the pen attached to it to write the name out, and then another name underneath. Tony's jaw drops.
After trying for a good, uh, twenty minutes to build a time machine, Tony rules out that idea. A much better one had took it's place: if he couldn't bring Steve to the 1940’s, he’d bring the 1940’s to Steve's room. Tony quickly realizes that this is one project that Pepper can handle better than himself, and enlists her help in creating a jumbled sort of mood board, scanning in as many photographs as JARVIS could find. Frankly, Pepper is just happy that Tony's doing something nice for a change, content to give advice on wallpapers, color schemes and anything else Tony finds to obsess about.
Throughout December, Steve’s list has grown bigger and bigger. In the mornings, he catches Tony walking into school, shivering in his thin cotton sweater and using what Steve hoped weren't textbooks to shield him from the rain. The words
Now, as those three words spilled clumsily from Steve’s mouth, Tony thinks they could not be more perfect. They were made for Steve to say, made for parting those plush lips, revealing a tantalizing hint of tongue at the beginning of the ‘L’, teasing Tony cruelly as Steve’s front teeth dragged across his bottom lip to form the ‘V’. Tony had found his purpose in life: to make Steve say those words over and over and over again until his ears bled.
He flicks past the Disney ones quickly, looking for something a bit more adult for Steve. He then comes across a comic called
There aren't many things in life that anger Steve, but Tony's alarm clock is one of them. Steve wakes up to the sound of
scrawled in cursive. He immediately knows which ones he's throwing straight in the trash and the one he'll actually read. The red envelope intrigues him, even more so when he finds the card inside that reads:
Tony's lips don't meet his. Instead, the door opens on them, whacking Steve in the back. He moves away from the source of pain, and away from Tony's grasp too. They turn to the disruption - an elderly woman, hobbling into the cafe, looking as embarrassed as they were.
“Yeah! But I don’t understand why Charles is chasing after Mary so much. Like, he’s gorgeous and all the good jokes are given to him and she comes across all snooty. Definitely think there’s some underlying homoerotic tension between Charles and Henry though. The way this Groves guy sketches out their long, lingering gazes is totally telling me something about him.”
He finally mustered the strength to stand up, after how long he could not say. Steve placed the comic on the sofa but found he didn't want to leave his work like that - abandoned and neglected. He then propped it up on the adjacent bookshelf and was again discomforted by how odd it looked against the leather bound classics. Steve let out a little huff, knowing exactly what his subconscious was getting at. He'd just have to return this to Tony personally.
, he thinks, trying to reassure himself. Steve's been this way ever since he found out about Bucky and Tony's constantly battling these feelings of guilt and shame for treating guy so harshly in the beginning. They used to be at each other's throats so often he considered it a sport, but now Tony hardly ever sees Steve around and he's left wondering how different things would be if he'd been a little nicer.
This morning, though, he could not have been more prepared for a day of work in his life. The set of colored pens in his bag were organised by their order in the rainbow, he had symmetrically packed his lunch three times. reorganizing it like a game of Tetris. Sitting on the cold wooden floor, Steve limbs begin to ache as he mentally crosses off every task on his list. Everything was complete. Still half an hour until he was due to set off.
The next morning, Steve chokes on his cornflakes. It makes Tony actually look up from the comic, throwing it to the floor in order to clap Steve on the back because
"Hey Cap!" Tony begins, ready to launch into another one of his prepared 'Mission: Cheer Steve Up' monologues but stops straight away. Tony has never seen the other man like this, not even after he first found out about Bucky. He's so...
Tony takes this as an invitation to lead the conversation, and launches into a speech about the many, many times he’s been late to work, too occupied by his hobby - mechanics. He tells Steve how last night was similar, confesses that he’d broken some expensive computer parts - too busy thinking about this morning. Steve wonders if Tony felt as nervous as he did about the whole thing, but dismisses it straight away, not like Tony at all.
He's finally making progress on this sketch: a statue of an angel, he'd photographed it on a field trip. Steve's so engrossed in his work, he isn’t aware of a child sneaking up on him, the hand on his shoulder making him jump.
, tinsel dripping from every inch of his body as he shakes his way around the room. There's chaos littered around him - multicolored baubles overflowing from cardboard boxes, a tree that looks like it's about to topple at any opportunity.
"Hey Steve, old buddy, old..." Tony cuts himself off immediately, cheeks going red as Steve manages to somehow to look even more depressed than before. Definitely the wrong approach.
The huge grin that grows on Tony’s face answers the question. He hooks his thumbs in his belt and raised his eyebrows suggestively.
blasting at an unholy volume, and groans. He covers his eyes and nestles himself into the warm body next to him.
The scene in front of him is everything he remembers about Christmas growing up. Him, his Ma and Bucky decorating the tree together - his dog running circles around them, tinsel in his mouth. The memory of them, the realization of all that he’s lost weighs down on him. All he can do is stare at Tony, and will the tears away.
different reason, and the realization that he was just looking for gift ideas leaves a somber atmosphere in the room. Tony feels stupid, for reading too much into Steve's actions, for thinking they could be something more than colleagues. He pushes the negative thoughts to the back of his mind as he makes his way to Steve's room, and tries to think of some witty retort to whatever Steve has gotten him.
He was definitely going to give those comics to Steve soon. Soon-ish. He'd finished the decorating weeks ago: Steve had got a little tearful, Tony got a little tingly when they hugged, but whatever, it's Captain America, who wouldn't? Tony refused to read too much into it. A noticeable absence from the room were the comics Tony had gone to such extreme lengths to buy. Pepper had pulled him aside, throwing him against a wall in the corridor and
Surprisingly, that was pretty close to the truth. Or at least, that's how it started. He was going to force JARVIS to read the comics, he'd even made a program that would give a rough estimation as to how much Steve would like a comic. He'd been scanning the comics in when he found himself stopping at the pile of the
"In a past life you could've been an artist's model," he says quickly, tripping over the words. He goes bright red, they both do. He didn't think Tony was capable of blushing but the evidence sat right before him. He tried to correct his abysmal attempt at flirting, squeezing the mug so harshly his knuckles had turned white.
He knows that this has to believable, rather than the lackluster job SHIELD did when recreating a familiar environment for Steve to wake up in after sixty years. He needs stuff actually from the era, rather than cheap replications. That's why Tony is stood here right now, expression masked by a baseball cap supporting a team he's never even heard of and a pair of large, dark sunglasses. Pepper has sent him directions to a vintage comic book store she's found - she's a miracle worker and Tony knows it, discovering this little gem on the outskirts of New York. The inside of the store is bathed in a dim half-light, glowing almost ethereally. Tony lets out a small sigh, realizing he'll have to take off the shades when he enters. The prospect of the clientele there acknowledging his existence gives him chills, but he knows what he has to do. He could have easily sent Pepper, or one of his interns - God, Tony could have bought the entire store. Instead, he knows that this has to be a personal act as he takes a tentative first step inside the building.
He steps away from the desk and takes a deep breath. God, he hopes Tony won't take this the wrong way. Was there a wrong way? Steve's just inviting him for coffee, right? That's what friends do, surely? Does he even consider Tony a friend? And more importantly, does Tony consider him to be one? Steve's phone chimes before he can lament over the tone of his text. His stomach churns as he flips his phone over.
Once Steve has recovered he gives a dismissive wave to Tony, urging him to believe it was nothing. Steve changes the subject, picking up the askew comic as casually as he can.
Steve thinks, and chides himself for it. When the conversation comes to a lull and Steve is searching for something to say, he splutters out the first thing that comes to mind:
It’s colder outside than he’d calculated and he breathes a sigh of relief as the warmth of the cafe hits him. Luckily, there’s no queue and the barista recognizes him instantly: he’s a regular at the place, and Lucy has his cappuccino ready before he's even approached the counter. She stares at him with big doe eyes, smiling as she hands over the coffee cup. Steve thanks her, cramming himself into the nearest seat. He sips his coffee, staring at passers-by, confident that Tony won't appear among them for a long time. Steve's calm, collected, deep in thought when he hears a voice.
"Please! Calm down! We've been doing 16th century paintings for four months now - we've all seen Titian's breasts before...” He chose to ignore a whisper of, "he can see
of his clock, something within him snaps. He stands up as quickly as possible, putting his satchel on his shoulders with such vigor that he nearly knocks over a plant pot. No longer caring about arriving early, Steve just wants those butterflies to disappear. He heads out, angry more than anything, at his feelings towards Tony.
Steve sits deliberately in the back, near the toilets so that no one disturbs him. He sits with his legs crossed on the chair, trying to work out how to mark an essay that referred to Michelangelo as 'Mike.'
Steve laughs sheepishly, "Oh, it was actually for you. A plan B in case I had misread things between us. Luckily I didn't need it - it's a bath set."
Fuck. Tony had hoped that he had been wrong on the previous night when he had caught longing looks from Sharon to Steve, but the forced causal tone that Steve had adopted told him that he’d read it correctly.
“Yes,” Tony said and then thought. “Well, no. Three, if I can, actually. There’s only me and Rhodes, now. My best friend. He’s stationed away, but I can send it in the mail, couldn’t I?”
Tony hated seeing it. Steve looked so happy every time that Tony saw him and whilst Tony was glad about that, he hated the reason for that happiness.
“Hey, you.” Tony tapped Peter on the head and Peter craned his neck to look up at him. “Be nice to your new friend. Don’t be mean because he’s rubbish at dinosaurs.”
“Dad, I don’t know what to tell you,” Peter said with a shrug. He narrowed his eyes at the screen in front of him again, focusing in on some clear markings adorning the chest of one of the robots. It looked familiar, almost as though they were a similar army to one the Avengers had seen before. “You haven’t been a single parent for a very long time. Steve has a room at yours, spends most nights there. He’s always there for our father-son night. He used to take me to school and get up with me when I had nightmares. You have to have seen this happening.”
“Sit here!” Peter seemed to reach the same conclusion and he grinned wider, patting the seat by the aisle. “Please?”
The smile he got in return was wide and somehow even brighter and, when he looked over to Tony, it was matched there. Holy shit. Steve had known that Tony was an attractive man – he had
To Steve’s mind, California was not that far away at all and Steve had been more than prepared to suggest the long distance thing as soon as the word Sacramento left Tony’s mouth, but apparently Tony had already decided that that wasn’t what they were going to do. Nope, he had just cut and run.
By the time their mugs were empty, Peter was yawning in Tony’s arms with a cold nose pressed against Tony’s neck. The owl was still in the tree as the rescue team assessed the best way to get it out, their own mugs of hot chocolate warming their cheeks and hands.
“Then you never knew me at all,” Tony answered, reaching for a napkin and swiping angrily at his burnt hand. “Where are–”
. After so many days of watching a still and lifeless Tony and trying to battle his own head telling him that he would never see that smile again, Steve could have cried with happiness.
Tony cocked his eyebrow instead and smirked. “Oh, yeah? Mind I remind you who is in whose apartment and who cannot find his shoes?”
“No,” Steve said quickly and Tony was so thankful for the help because he was half a step away from crying himself. Reaching out, Steve rested a large –
And there he was. Steve Rogers. The absolute (and only) love of Tony’s life. He was stood in the middle of the living room, a smart suit made more casual by the absence of a tie and his feet bare, toes curled into Tony’s plush, shag rug. There were yet more flowers clasped in Steve’s hands, a huge bouquet that covered his whole stomach and chest with blooms.
“Excuse me, Tony Stark!” Clark Kent yelled and ran towards them. “Is there anything you would like to say to the public?”
“Yes, ma’am! Papa says we have to be honest all the time or we get a time out!” Peter told her and sat back in the chair.
“It’s Happy! I have you,” Happy told her pulling her into a hug. Keeping her close to his chest protecting her from all of the shots going off. Compared to him the girl was only to his mid-chest. “We are gonna go back inside where we were before.”
Tony watched the other four guys drink down the shots like it was nothing to them. He couldn’t even stomach looking at the vodka in the first glass. How was he supposed to keep up with them? Sure he drank a lot of beer when his parents died, but never anything harder. Jarvis only had one drink and then drank six glasses of water after to make sure he was sober.
Peter shot his finger web shooting the key into his mouth. Biting the top of the key he leaned over and stuck it in Thor’s handcuffs letting him out of the cuffs. Once the key was out of his mouth he spoke, “About twice week, maybe three when we first got started.”
Peter took May’s hand and followed her to the bench sitting on his knees looking at the door waiting for someone very important to him. The most important person in his life (if you asked him) the girl who shared almost 98.99% of the same DNA. Violet.
Steve looked at his son. “Behind the curtain. Now… before she wakes up you need to know she is arm-less. Both arms got taken off. She’s gonna have a hard time and I’m going to ask you this once. Please don’t act up. I need you to be an Avenger for me.”
Luna smiles and sat in the empty spot holding her book bag close to her chest. “Nice to meet you all. I’m sorry if I’m intruding on your privacy.”
With her, in mind, they needed to speak to the team about her. Death being on there mind made them decide what was going to happen to her after there death and they needed to tell everyone what they had decided.
“We didn’t want to fuck one up, but if she already has problems then we can help. And what woman doesn’t want to be a mother?” Nat told him and kissed the girl on the top of the head sitting her in the chair.
Luna sat on the bed and held her knees. “Only six weeks until parents week...” she whispered and began to cry.
“So, you did this to teach her to fight?” Steve started laughing and ran his fingers through his hair.
“Alright… fine.” Tony sighed. “They haven’t come back and Steve hasn’t read any of the letters. What if he regrets marrying me?”
“T-thank you, sir.” She smiled up at him and took her father’s hand walking out. “Papa look it fits right behind my ear too! I bet Newt would like it too. Too bad he can’t come.”
Steve shook his head and walked with Violet in his arms. Walking back to the bathrooms he held Violet tight. “Shoot. There’s no baby changing table in the men's bathroom.” It was the first time Pepper had been without them in public. Pepper always went to change the twins so then they could get a moment to themselves.
“NO!” Luna screamed so loud that the light bulb above broke. She has been doing it more and more lately ever since the accident at the Avengers world. “Leave it alone! I like to be blind! It’s me! Not you!”
Whipping her head up she squealed getting up and ran to him acting like a toddler. “Purple! Purple!”
Stopping in there tracks they watched the god fly off with his hammer destroying a big flying lizard monster. “Holy fucking shit!” Peter yelled and looked at the sky seeing twenty more flying around. Looking up he saw the wormhole.
Tony walked into the bedroom and opened the closet jumping back. “Shit you gave me a heart attack kid.”
“We better get going. I sense that Happy is going against his name.” Tony spoke after the limo’s horn went off. “Everyone let’s get on the highway to hell.”
“Here, I will do it while you grab Man or Iron,” Thor told him and grabbed the staff shoving it into machine above the cube.
“Continue, kid. We won’t bite. I told you this already.” Nick told her and sat sandwiches and bottles of water on the table.
Luna’s eyes were more red and puff after the lights went on. She was crying more. “D-dad… Papa… oh, gosh...”
“Peter sit down, we need to talk,” Tony told him and smiled slightly. “I know you like our daughter. She is special and unique. I’m glad we know the boy who likes her personally, but we need to know what you want to tell her as in how we met and who you are to us.”
She was up faster than anyone else in the room could move. In the process of getting up, she ripped the IV out of her leg and stumbled onto the floor grabbing on to the sheets of the bed keeping her head up. violet sat up on her knees and lunged herself at Steve.
Violet hid her face from Bruce and gripped Nat’s shirt tighter. “No one will hurt you. Maybe Nick, but he will just kiss your fingers. Bruce, we have to go out and buy everything. Tony, Steve I know this is a big thing and it just happened, but could you watch her later? We need to get things and I don’t think her being in public is a great thing right now.”
Pops smiled and kissed my head then laid on the other side of me. “We trust you with whatever you decide. Peter will thank you one day.”
“Are you sure about this?” Steve asked Tony while fixing his #1 Dad tie that Peter made out of a web. “I don’t want the media to have any more of them.”
Steve sat quietly trying not to lose his cool. He’s been through forty of these doctors appointments, but this one was going to be worst. He just felt it.
“Easy there.” Tony smiled and kissed back on his sweet lips. He took off his shirt and pants standing in front of his blonde husband. Man did Tony enjoy calling him husband.
“Of course I want to. I just don’t want it to hurt you. I can’t live without you.” Tony gripped the sheets tighter. “Please, let’s make the right choice,”
“Will you be joining the Avengers?” Clark asked and all of the reporters whipped there heads and came closer to the twins.
“WHOA! Whose suit is that?!” Peter asked looking at the suit that was red and blue with spider webs all over it.
“Because you are both too young to be marrying one another.” Steve jumped in and looked at Peter hoping to god that it would end the questions.
She sat on the toilet lid and sighed putting on the glasses smiling at her reflection. “For Papa and Dad. I do this for them,” She reminded herself and got off the train.
Ollivander’s was the last stop of the day before she went on the train. She let Newt lead her while her parents stayed close to her. Not knowing how to react to everything. Dr. Strange went with them as well to make sure things were safe.
“Daddy, Papa I love you guys so much.” She mumbled and hugged them close. “Don’t forget about me. I’ll write all the time. I’ll see you the week before Thanksgiving for parents week.”
The learning floor was where Steve and Tony taught the twins along with the tutors. When Peter got to the floor he walked back to the last door. He took a deep breath and opened the door to the art room.
The crowds all flooded in at noon to pay respect to Steve. They didn’t have a body, but they told everyone he was cremated in an urn that sat on the table. Everyone kept telling Luna and the Avengers were sorry for there lost.
Steve smiles and followed behind them. “Nice to meet you, Gale. I can’t wait to see her. I’m so excited. Can you tell us about her?”
“We aren’t going anywhere. I am packing a bag for the mission. They need me in Germany. Happy will be staying with you. I wouldn’t go, but they need me,” Steve told her and kissed the top of her head and set his hand on her cheek.
Every news station and paparazzi staff member for magazines where there waiting for them to get out of the limo. Cameras flashed making it hard to see anything at all. It was worse than going to the Oscars or even the music awards.
“Thank you. Jarvis, turn on Luna Alone Blind Protocol. Play my playlist, please. Don’t let anyone in unless I say so.” Luna told Jarvis and got off the couch and went into the kitchen pulling a box of ice cream out of the freezer. She ate out of the container while she did her homework.
I ran down the stairs passing everyone trying to walk down the stairs. I ran pass Dumbledore, Professor McGonagall, Snape, Sprout, and Flitwick outside to the train platform where parents were getting off the train to come inside. Other kids were already outside meeting there parents.
“Do what you think is right,” Dad told me and smiled putting his hand on top of mine. He looks like the man he was the day before he died. Happy and strong. No holes in his body.
Luna walked slowly knowing there were a bunch of kids on the train and not much room. She could somewhat see what was in front of her, but the 2% she could see was squinting.
“Who’s V.M.R-S?” Tony asked him looking at the letter himself. “How can we trust that this chick really is from 2061?”
“There’s to much smoke, Lu. Listen I need you to take like six steps back. Than jump. I will catch you. I know you can’t see it but if you touch the next stair you're gonna trigger some trap,” Bucky looked at the girl and noticed she was trembling. “I swear to you, Lu. Would I lie to you?”
“Of course. I just want her watched at all times until we trust her. I don’t like that she just came from of nowhere.” Tony smiled slightly and sighed. “I didn’t know you two wanted kids.”
“Floo Powder. Just say Statue of Liberty.” Professor Flitwick told her and handed her, her bookbag. “Be safe, Ms. Stark-Rogers.”
“I missed being here, but as you all know we have a daughter now. With that, we needed to talk to you all.” Tony started and looked down at the table.
“Did anyone get a good look at the key?” Violet whispered and kept trying to look at the lock, but it was hidden from her sight.
Walking into the cafeteria and seeing all of the people hurt it made Tony’s heart sob. He was already paying for everyone's health care and to fix all the building damaged, but he couldn’t bring the dead back to life.  Tripping over his own two feet Tony went on to his knees gasping for air.
Jarvis and Tony walked out of the house and got into the limo rented for the night. The five boys got in the back while Jarvis went into the driver's seat. He took off to the there first bar of the night across town.
“Because I have no choice in the matter. Like you have no choice in being part spider.” Violet signed the papers and sat back in the chair.
“Don’t blame yourself. She did this. Not you. She ran in front of you. Not her.” Steve told him and rubbed his head. “Get some sleep kiddo. I’ll wake you up when Tony gets here.”
“I-I really want to go, but… I’m blind and it’s going to be nothing, but people there. I really want to. I want to go more than anything in the world, but it’s going to be like babysitting me. I’m safe in the house… give the tickets to someone who can enjoy everything. Please? I’ll go to the grand opening with Happy. I’m sorry if I disappointed you,”
“This organization is my future!” Peter yelled slamming his fist on the table. “Vi, just sign. Who cares if people know?!”
Professor Flitwick looked up at her taking her hands. “We went to find you the only reason we knew you were all gone. Your father, Tony, he isn’t doing well. He keeps slipping into mini-comas after having a seizure. We were going to send you home. Since we didn’t find you we went to find Ms. Ginny. No one had seen any of you, but you were seen leaving the grounds.”
“Pops?” Luna questioned and pulled her other headphone out of her ear. “Jarvis, hack into S.H.I.E.L.D. and get me into the microphone system to speak back to him,” she commanded.
He started living life like normal. Tony would go to work in the lab for four hours and then come back for lunch. Luna would watch him in the lab learning from Tony. Sometimes he would even learn from her something new.
Tony paced the private jet sighing. “I hate going to California. I truly do Steve. She never has good news for me.”
She nodded slightly and got up from the spot she’s been laying in for the past week. Grabbing out the black starry night strapless dress she wore to Tony’s funeral too. Slowly with Wanda’s help, they got her bathed and dressed within the hour.
I stopped in my tracks and turned around smiling. I knew I wasn’t in my uniform, but he hasn’t stopped me before... about that. None of them have. I’m a free soul around here. “Yes, professor?”
“Punk he will not do that. He wants to know about you. For better and for worst. Isn’t that right?” Bucky smiled knowing he was right.
Luna started to laugh and snorted covering her mouth. “There my parents. Of course, I’m like them. They have had me since I was five. It’s been seven years with them two months ago. I don’t remember the first four years of my life. I remember little things… like the sex change surgery and there faces a bit, but… no matter what. Tony and Steve will always be my true parents. I don’t care if they're not the same DNA. Blood doesn’t make a family. Love does.”
Tony smiled and looked in the mirror. He wiggled his eyebrow and smiled. “If I don’t do this they will keep calling them freaks and she will never come out of her room. I need to do this.”
Violet kept Peter back away from the medical staff that went on the train to help Tony. When Bruce came on the scene everyone stopped trying and handed the case over.
“Of course and watch your language.” Steve got up and carried Tony into the living room setting him on the couch.
“Yes, sir. I wasn’t allowed to say anything until I lived here for two months. That’s what she said. She didn’t want me to see the future or disturb it in any way. But I know everything before, after. I can tell you everything you want to know since she is me. Be ready tonight. I would gather everyone… she will help.”
“Can we do it later? I really do have homework.” Peter told him and took the suit off. “You can help me if you want.”
“I’m so sorry. I thought she would have been okay for a little bit,” Gale got up and went into the nursery. After a few minutes, she came back with a purple Furby. “She was found with this doll after the bombing. Luna has never let it go out of her sight. I think it’s the only memory she has of her parents. I think she has separation anxiety from the thing.”
Gale walked in the room and saw them all cuddling on the couch. She took a picture with the camera which caught both of the men’s attention. “Sorry. You both look so cute with her.”
Gale walked in holding Luna on her hip. “Gentlemen this is Luna. Luna this is Tony and Steve. They wanna play with you today. Don’t worry about her being shy. I promise she will warm up to you both,” Gale handed Steve the little girl and walked out of the room leaving them to play.
“Have you always wondered your connection with the Dark Lord, Harry?” Draco’s father asked Harry as he moved closer to the group of children. “Don’t you want to know the secrets of how you are still alive? All the answers you ever wanted and more are sitting in your hand, Potter. All you have to do is give it to me.”
“My brother Captain Dietfried Bougainvillea told us to strike this tower. We needed to get files from your computer, sir.”
“Ginny. It’s nice to meet you. Don’t let Draco screw with you. He’s a pain.” Ginny told her and lead her into the room with Harry, Hermione, Ron, and Neville.
The man walking around with the trays of water tripped and dropped the tray. When the tray landed it sounded like a gunshot. Steve looked around and held his chest. “Bucky where are the men?” Steve whipped his head back and forth and stood up.
Happy kept her hidden under him while the went up to the stairs. Basically carrying her besides the fact that her feet were hitting the ground. He didn’t have the full strength to hold her anymore even though she’s the size of a toothpick. Happy sat the girl under the computer control desk. “Sit here. I will be right back. I’m gonna check and make sure no one else is in here with us.”
“Hey! Watch where you're going mudblood!” A pale blonde boy yelled wearing a green, Slytherin, robe. He pushed her back into another kid.
“She is the strongest fighter we have. And she uses to live here once upon a time. Though her brain has been brainwashed a few times. She won’t remember. She is the first Female Super Soldiers that works well. That and she is the daughter of Stark so we thought we would get in easy which we did. I didn’t want her in danger.”
“No, I just like to sound like I’m in pain. What do you think?” Luna sarcastically told him and rolled her eyes.
After an hour of her sobbing on the floor, Jarvis sent an alert out to the other Avengers in the compound. Natasha, Clint, and Bucky sat outside of the door banging on it.
After four hours Helen and Bruce came up the elevator pushing two incubators. One for each of the twins. “Everyone meet the newest Avengers,” Bruce spoke and smiled.
Luna walked into his arms and shook. “I thought you weren’t going to come back home to me. I was so scared. The guy asking the questions had a gun to my back… then he shot. I rather it would have been me than a civilian, but I was defenseless. I wanna learn self-defense from Aunt Nat.”
Clint looked at Tony who already began talking. Clint knew he couldn’t say anything since he was out of his Hawkeye uniform. “We all lost things and people. Including us. Captain Steve Rogers and I have lost our home and we are hoping not to lose our children. We are sorry for everyone's losses. Just know we are in the same boat. And Stark Industries will be paying for all medical and rebuildings for everyone affected.”
“Let’s get out of here before we get more reporters here,” Bucky told them and dragged Steve by his hand to get him on the helicopter.
“Yes, sir.” Jarvis' voice came through the walls and it started to play a video on the screen of Peter running around on the roof above the Avengers in the room.
I laid in between my fathers. Head on Tony’s chest while Steve rubbed my back slowly. “I thought you were dead. I panicked so badly. Don’t scare me again. Swear dad, you won’t have them lie for you.”
“Your boyfriend will tell us soon. He brought Helen Cho in so clearly it’s not good.” Tony complained and took two of the blue pills.
Nat rocked the girl back and forth slowly. “I have you. And I won’t let go. Tony, can we still stay in the tower with her?”
That caught everyone’s in the rooms attention. All the other chit chatting stopped and all eyes went on the couple sitting at the head of the table.
“I’m sorry, but I have twenty meetings in the next two weeks. I have to figure out where we are getting 15 million from. Dad already offered 300 thousand dollars to ten schools around the countries. So thank you for digging my hole bigger, daddy.” Violet told him.
All he needed now was a distraction. Nothing small. He’s a Stark he needs something big! Go big or go home is his motto.
“To the end of the line… god, this kid really is us in a nutshell, Tony,” Steve whispered and laid back on the bed. “She gets married tomorrow. What am I gonna do? I need her to be okay with me alive.”
After packing up the presents in the car and getting the twins safely in the car they gave their goodbyes to Bruce and Nat. The husbands got in the Toyota Camry and drove the twenty miles to there new home.
“The twins will go home with there caretakers to collect their things and will be brought back here by six tonight to be placed back in Anthony’s care. If there is anything that Anthony and Steven would like to bring up now before we are dismissed on this matter they may.”
“Yes, but my family is more important than my schooling. I am a genius. Remember?” Luna put her hands on her hips and leaned on the cane a bit.
“Where’s Vi? She was crying when she left.” Peter told him and nuzzled into his shoulder. “She looked hurt.”
“After we bring her home well eat as a family and talk everything over. Okay?” Tony asked him and watched his son nod.
“Luna, baby girl. I’m so sorry. There’s not going to be a safe landing. There are twenty bombs on this plane. I was able to get everyone off, but someone needs to land this bird into the water. I’m not going to make it to dinner tonight. I’m sorry.”
Steve looked at the girl who began to cry. “Okay. Okay. We will find it. I promise,” he picked her up and rocked her slightly.
“And Papa is gonna leave us…” she cried out and started to shake. “I saw him kiss Bucky… we're gonna be alone again in the tower. Just like when he left the tower two months ago.”
“Language,” Bucky told him and snickered. “Nat and I will go find the kids. Sit here with your husband. Okay, punk? I bet they are fine.”
“Look a suit! I spiderman!” Peter yelled and put on his sweatshirt and cape running around the room.
“She needs it!” Tony yelled and sighed. “She is a danger to us. What if she thought about us dying. Then we would be dead! We need her sedated.”
Comic-Con was great. They had so much fun getting pictures with other cosplayers and famous actors and actresses. Luna was having a better time than she thought she was going to have. She held both of her parent's hands keeping close since everything was very overwhelming her senses.
“That doesn’t mean anything. I’m just glad you are here today. Thank you for making sure you were going to be home for my birthday.” Luna whispered into his neck. “Best present ever.”
The other Avengers went up on the stage and talked about their favorite memories of Tony and Steve together. The army gave Steve an honorable veterans funeral after everyone spoke.
“You have your own little ones to grow old with. I already did Violet's room to look like everyone’s memory. I have to go. My Peter is looking for me and he’s not the smartest tool in the shed even though he has two Nobel Peace Prizes. You raised an excellent smart boy.” Violet giggled and kissed both of their heads. “I love you and know you will love both twins.” She smiled and disappeared in thin air.
“I want to apologize. I let myself become my disability for a second there. I acted like I was blind and not a person. I want to go to Comic-Con with you guys. When you said ‘see’ it made me upset that I wouldn’t be able to see everything. Even though I would just like being there to hear everything said. If you didn’t already sell someone the tickets, is the offer still available?”
Red lights started to flash and sirens started going off. “Sir, your son is starting to break out of the womb,”
“Tony, it’s gotten bigger. You going to space must have made the tumor bigger. We need to start radiation and chemotherapy now. I will fly everything home with you. Bruce is going to handle your treatments. Get home and start as soon as you can. Get your affairs in order. The best amount of time I can give you is four months give or take. You really have to take care of yourself. Sleep when it’s night time, or even if you feel tired. Eat healthily. Tony understand? Help yourself feel better.”
Tony was fed up of seeing midnight. It was becoming a disgustingly common occurrence for Tony to be at work until the early hours of the morning, not crawling into his bed until it was nearly time to be getting up again. The constant repetition of next to no sleep and a manic day was beginning to grate on him, but there wasn’t much he could do to change it. Not when he was trying to make a name for himself in the company and prove that he was a valuable member of staff.
Really, their tree didn’t need anything else adding to it as half of its branches were already close to snapping clean off, but Tony hadn’t been able to resist. He’d seen it the year after they’d met Steve, in the middle of October in
The pot bubbled, loud in the otherwise silent room. Tony smiled down at it as he stirred in large circles, scraping the side of the vat where the sauce threatened to burn.
“Sorry, dude. You,” Tony sighed and rolled onto his back, “you sound like a nice guy, but Nat’s careful.”
Tony nearly tripped as he walked into the room with two mugs of coffee and one of hot chocolate. It had been a balancing act to pick up three mugs at once without burning his hands in the first place and he really didn’t need his heart leaping into his throat to throw his balance off. “What?”
“Nothing,” Tony hastened to say, waving his hand through the air. It was just a name, after all. “Just seems to be a common name these days.”
“This is his first Christmas with me. He lives with his mom’s sister, but she got struck down with the flu this winter. I picked Pete up just this morning and I have him for the next couple of weeks. It’s the longest he’s been with me since it happened, actually. We normally only ever have weekends. I said she could come too, of course, but she didn’t want to risk us all getting sick.” Tony dug his nails into his palms as best he could through his thick leather gloves and swallowed thickly, keeping his eyes firmly ahead and not giving into the urge to meet Steve’s gaze that he could feel burning on the side of his face. “It’s my first Christmas with a child. Or anyone, actually. My family’s not exactly big on the holiday.”
“Oh.” Tony’s gaze raked over Steve from the hat on his head to the bells on his toes. “That’s a real shame.”
“Of course it’s pie for breakfast,” Tony said, hands working quickly to place the apple slices on the top of the very-nearly finished pie. He kicked at Steve’s ankle for punishment of the theft, but couldn’t find it in him to be too mean. “It’s not every day you turn four hundred and seventy-three.”
Steve snorted a small and shaky laugh. “It is. Very.” There was a short pause, the room filled only with Tony’s heavy breathing and the rustling of material. “Are you?”
“I think I was supposed to get the text before the phone call, in fairness to her. Don’t think she expected you to be so eager, though…”
“But what about the texture? The filling – do you think it needs more of a kick? I only put in a small amount of chilli flakes this time and a lot less ginger than I did before. I think I liked it better last time.”
Steve was clearly lost for words and it made Tony preen even more. When all Steve could do was nod dumbly, Tony ducked his head in a weak attempt to stave the blush off from his cheeks.
“No, no, it’s fine,” the man said before Steve could get out anything other than an embarrassed sort of yelp. Waving his hand through the air, the stranger smiled ruefully. “I get it. It’s the beard, isn’t it? True be told, it was a weird winter choice that year and I knew it would come back to hurt me.”
He keeps his espresso shots in the very back of the cupboard, for emergency use only. Steve's much more of a cocoa person, makes sure the school’s cocoa powder is always replenished. To Steve, coffee represents desperation and fatigue, things he rarely felt unless Stark is present. Digging around, past old, crumbling watercolors, his hands finally grasp the object. He can almost feel the hot coffee in the back of this throat.
your eyes that are expressive though, that's what I love about you," Steve knows that the more he speaks, the deeper the hole he's digging but the words still tumble out, "every inch of your body tells me something about you, from the callouses on your palms to a grin that could rival the Mona Lisa's. Even in your dimly lit classroom, the light and dark contours of your body contrast each other - harmonious. Um- This is speaking as an artist, of course. Nothing more."
Nobody bar his Mother had ever said those words to Tony. His pretty little flings didn’t dare, what Tony and his bedfellows shared was the furthest thing from love. He dealt with primitive passion. Lust, not love. Pepper loved Tony: he knew that in his heart. She had never said it, and Tony knows he’d be uncomfortable if she did. Tony did not want to here those words. Or, so he thought.
Steve grins. He's slightly taken aback by his own actions, and how uncharacteristic this is of him. Steve's uncomfortable - why does he feel like he's won first prize when all he's secured is a bill for Tony's coffee? He begins to massage his temples in an attempt to remove the image of Tony that had begun to dance around in his head.
Tony looks at him, eyes melting like hot cocoa. Steve's heart skips a beat as Tony leans ever-so-closer, they are centimeters apart when Tony whispers into his ear:
And now the stories he'd once sold to cover one month's rent had returned to bite him. Steve thought no one would actually read the comics, the publisher laughing in Steve's face when he'd first sent copies off to him. He certainly didn't expect them to land in the hands of Tony Stark. To have those sheets under his hands, in a completely foreign land, and to be able to so clearly see Bucky’s face grinning toothily up at Steve once again. It was all incredibly overwhelming, the pages feeling like fire on the tips of his fingers. He didn't have a clue how to deal with the situation at hand, sat stiff on the sofa. When the initial shock finally dulled, he was left trying to quell the warmth in his stomach, the scarily familiar butterflies that came when Tony complimented his work.
He's slow to react, just stands there with his mouth agape, caught totally off-guard by Tony. Over the past few weeks, Steve's seen a side to the guy that he never expected and he's left juggling feelings he hasn't experienced since Peggy. When Tony finally picks up on the other man's presence, Steve responds by copying one of Tony's toothy grins and waves the comic at him. He sits down next to Tony, reading over Tony's shoulder, fighting the urge to rest his head there, Tony's cheek against his.
Tony chuckles slightly to mask his nerves, “I saw those comics in your room when I had it redecorated. Thought I’d buy you some more that weren’t, y’know, totally unreadable. I’ve been meaning to give them you for ages. And I’m sorry I didn’t, I just got slightly distracted. You’ve got good taste in comics, Stevie.”
That night, Steve sleeps with his notepad next to him. The list of Secret Santa ideas now has one bullet point:
Pepper can sort this out. She can fix Steve just like she fixed him. Tony was actually pretty proud he'd thought of asking her. He begins to fidget, anxious for a reply. It only takes a few seconds for a one to come and he allows himself a small smile.
Beforehand, Tony had insisted on getting an idea of the space he's decorating. So, he slips into Steve's quarters when he's out on one of runs with Sam, certain he'd have a couple hours to root around. There's a pause Tony takes when he's right outside Steve's door. He knows this is immoral, that Steve would harbor a grudge against him for such a blatant intrusion into his privacy. It's an undeniably human feeling, and Tony decides it doesn't suit him, trying to slip back into the normal Tony Stark costume, practicing his usual look of arrogance in the nearest reflective surface. He barges in because
Steve has taken up a new hobby: observing Tony. He’s wasted so much time assuming Tony's awful through and through. When Natasha finds out, she berates him for being a stalker, but Steve prefers the term
Every year there's someone in this school who dares to ask Steve to partake in the annual Secret Santa event, and every year he bores them to death with a list of reasons as to why that's the worst idea ever. He's about to start his cleverly rehearsed speech when Natasha clasps her hands around his mouth.
Just as he's about to scrape his eyeballs out, Natasha flops down next to him. She spreads her limbs across the seats, taking up three times the space Steve has.
Titian's masterpiece, Venus of Urbino, fills the screen. There are a few giggles at the back of the classroom - there was no painting in existence that this God-forsaken class won't laugh at. Teenagers and renaissance breasts do not go well together. He stares into the sea of children: mostly female, completely uninterested in art unless it involved Steve doing some nude modelling. (He'd been asked more times than he could count but was still left speechless every time.)
“Don’t start. I lost a bet and there’s apparently no amount of flirting with Liam from IT that can change it. So, naturally, I signed you up and got Tony to rig the system so that I got your name.”
“It’s your Secret Santa, Sir,” she said, rosy cheeks, obviously embarrassed. He can't wait for her to leave, mumbling a small thanks under his breath.
Steve is by no means an angry man. He's only ever been in a fight once before, in 7th Grade when Matthew Anderson stole the new kid's lunch money. He'd left with a black eye and a split lip, vowing that words were a much better way to solve problems. He's found that this is generally a good rule for life, except when it comes to Tony Stark. Stark is an anomaly - witty and ill-mannered, he always has a clever retort to Steve, making him feel like a complete fool for trying to do the right thing. So he lets Tony go on with himself, carry out his little performance.
"It's ridiculous, I know. Go ahead and laugh at me super-soldier, I do feel a real connection to this guy. The way he writes, it gets to you... y'know? Warms you. S'impossible to explain but I read these big sappy declarations of love and I wanna hug the guy. I tried to look him up but it's like he doesn't even exist. I've started scanning military records with no luck. And who am I kidding, he was probably an old hermit. I can't believe I'm imagining some Greek god writing comics in his spare time."
And just like that, any signs of emotion disappear. As quick as a flash, it's replaced with a smirk and a wink at Steve, whispering in his ear, "interesting way to call me sexy, Steve. Didn't know I was your type - I might have to buy some mistletoe to complete the room."
"Tony, we're going to work. We work in the same building. We are literally going to walk together for another five minutes. How is this goodbye?"
too much time to kill. He’d even planned on being late to his and Tony’s coffee-date-that-wasn’t-really-a-date-because-they-were-definitely-just-friends. He was certain that Tony would be behind schedule too, (just like he was for every meeting) and Steve didn’t want the embarrassment of sitting alone for hours, as an underpaid waitress stared at him with pity. He’s been in that situation more times than he’d care to reveal.
Steve, the only art teacher in the building, is his Secret Santa. The revelation doesn't shock him as much as he thought it would - it explains why Steve wanted to spend time with him all of a sudden. Although Tony feels proud he's worked it out, he can't stop himself from feeling slightly depressed. He'd let himself think that Steve was vying for his attention for a
and other child-like terms of endearments. Instead, he chooses the most logical route and ruffles Steve's hair. Those big, doll eyes stare up at him and Tony thinks he's finally ascended to the next spiritual plane. Sunlight, he thinks, this man holds the sun. Steve's lips are too close, so full and open and ready. His hand is still threaded in Steve's hair, and Tony's certain he couldn't move it if he wanted. Which he doesn't. His pull is firm on Steve's hair, raising his chin up slightly like a puppeteer. It's a scene straight from one of Tony's wet dreams, Steve's breath hitting Tony's neck and it's like no warmth he's ever felt before. They're close, so so close, standing on the edge of a precipice, waiting for the other to jump.
In the twenty minutes they’ve been working together, some order has been restored. There's festive garland around the computers and Tony had forced Steve to hang bunting from the ceiling. They stood, admiring their handiwork, warm cocoa in their hands. The speakers on Tony's desk now played
And that's a lot for Tony to process, so instead he tries his best to put a supportive smile on his face, a hand on Steve's arm. And it's a little breathtaking, how after everything, that arm feels like it belongs there.
Steve shakes his head, staring at Tony with wide eyes, "Tony," he smiles sadly, "you're too good, you shouldn't have..."
Tony can only grapple with his own emotions so much in one day, and in the end manages to discreetly slip out his phone, hiding it under the table as he brings up Pepper's number.
It's all a little daunting, if he's honest. There are rows and rows of individual comics sealed in plastic wallets, shielding them from the outside world. Tony knows he's got a big task ahead of him: he's not going to be content until he's gone through each one individually. His fingers reach out instinctively to touch the one closest to him. The logo is instantly recognizable as his thumb slips over the soft cover.
He steals a glance at the time, the clock a cheap recreation of Dali's. 4pm. He’s been sat here since school ended at 2:45, a list in front of him primed to be filled in,
The title reads, above a portrait of a grinning Donald Duck. Underneath is the price printed on it, TEN CENTS. Tony huffs, the price the store has attached to it is astronomically higher. Even though it’s pocket change to someone like Tony, he still feels like he’s going to be swindled in here. But hey, anything for Steve, right?
The first thing Tony registers is the smell - fresh, almost minty, a stark contrast to what he was expecting. The whole place is, really. It has a cozy and quaint ambiance, less of a store and more of a library. There are big, plush armchairs littered around the store, some occupied by teenagers who are so engaged in their chosen comic they don't even look up. It's oddly endearing.
“You idiot,” Tony says, quickly and with the biggest grin on his lips, tears bring to form in the corners of his eyes, “you colossal idiot.”
Better to get it over with, he thinks, playing with the folds of the envelope. He hopes it's someone easy to buy for, a cheap bottle of perfume, some woolly socks - easy, right?
"Probably not," Tony says, stealing a quick kiss from Steve. Steve finds that he doesn't mind that much, not really.
Steve's sitting against his front door, jingling house keys in front of his face like a cat. He hasn’t slept much, nervous.
Steve knows he should be angry at Tony for misleading him but he can't help laughing back, and leaning his head on Tony's shoulder as he chuckles loud enough for the whole cafe to hear. Once he's recovered from that outburst, he lifts his head up and his eyes meet Tony's again. They are too close in that moment, Steve thinks, too close for him to handle. He cups Tony's freezing cold cheeks and smooths down his beard. Tony leans in, eyes darting from Steve's own to his lips, and Steve shuts his eyes tight and braces himself.
Tony despises following instructions. In fact he went to extreme lengths to disobey the rules set out for him. However, taking another glance at Steve's clammy appearance, he decides that this could be the one exception. He gives Steve a reassuring grin and looks up at the ceiling, expecting another clue that will lead him on a wild goose chase around the school, ending with a mediocre gift and a disappointed Tony. He's imagined every possible scenario, really.
Neither of the men are brave enough to make eye contact on the way to the school, let alone mention their actions.
Tony only notices it when he's out the shop and half way down the road, grinning like a school boy with a pile of presents in tow. That's his one good deed for the year sorted, he thinks, Pepper will be so proud.
The feeling reminds him of sixth grade, when Bucky had asked out Maria on his behalf. Steve had hidden under his bed, feeling like he was about to vomit as he anticipated Bucky's return. But Maria and Bucky were long time ago; all that was his past now. Tony was certainly no Maria, and he ignores the similarities in his feelings. What he
“We can't even share a first kiss without you insulting me?" Steve whispers, words rushed and mumbled, "God, I love you.”
scrawled across the top. Over an hour and nothing. He'd gotten distracted, doodling Christmas themed items, little pictures of the Christmas decorations that filled the classroom. Slowly they became little doodles of Tony. Tony was suddenly the man wearing the Santa hat, his nimble fingers sketched around mugs of eggnog. Tony, Tony, Tony, haunting him. God, he needed a coffee.
Plus, Tony can't understand why everyone is so relaxed when they can clearly see Steve freaking out in the background. Well, okay, Tony corrects himself, it's not like he's sobbing or shaking or breathing too heavily - signs that Tony is much too familiar with. Instead, Tony's picked up Steve's little quirks over the last few months. He's been keeping an eye on Steve (Tony swears it's not creepy, he's just interested in a colleague's well being: perfectly normal behavior) and he notices how Steve cracks his knuckles when he's stressed, nibbles at the corners of his upper lip and crosses then uncrosses his legs rapidly. Steve's doing all three of these ticks right now, and if he doesn't stop Tony thinks he might snap and shout at the guy. Or embrace him.
Steve's considering resigning just so he doesn't have to get Tony a gift. Sure, there's always pre-packaged gift sets and cologne, but he won't hear the end of it if he does. A guy like Tony wants the moon and nothing less. There was, of course, the hope that if he does succeed in pleasing Tony, he might be free of him forever. Gain his approval and Tony will respect him: he prays it's as simple as that.
Waves of relief wash over Tony, comforted by the knowledge Steve would be familiar with these comics, and that there would be no way he could mess this up now. He gathers up all the copies he can find: around fifteen in all, the full set. He doesn't look too closely at them, only glances over the glossy, but noticeably poorer quality covers. Each has similar close-ups of one of the main protagonists in bold bubbles of color. There's two girls: the one he recognized and one with soft green skin which strangely compliments the purple vintage waves in her hair. Tony's less interested by the males though, chuckling at the unrealistic proportions of one of the guy's muscles. He's got jet black curls and tanned skin, with a cigarette permanently clutched between his teeth. The other guy, however, is more Tony's type: slick blonde hair and the bluest eyes ever seen. In ever picture he's dressed like an extra from The Princess Bride, in tight fitted trousers and a billowing white blouse.
Steve thinks he might explode. He runs through the corridors, barges into Tony's room, finger already pointed, accusingly.
As he contemplates his completed page, none of the ideas jump out at him. They seem banal, and banal was something nobody would associate with Tony. Steve's calendar has a big red circle around the 23rd of December: the day Merton breaks up for Christmas. Three days. He has three days to get Tony a gift. There's no hope, he thinks. In a moment of pure insanity, he takes out his phone. A phone that looks like it's from another era entirely, thick and clunky - he hates technology. He scrolls through his contacts, trying to find Tony's number before his brain has a chance to catch up. He sends the message:
"It's okay. - I'm okay," Steve places a hand over Tony's, and Tony's breath catches in his throat. For a second, not even that, they are the closest they've ever been. Then, normality resumes. Steve uses his grip on Tony's hand to lower it from his shoulder, severing the contact between the two. "Don't worry about it."  Tony watches Steve walk out the door, down the corridor, watching him through the glass panels until the very last moment. His mouth is still open, holding the words that died on his tongue. His heart feels heavy, and something about that - about how raw his emotions have become - makes him feel ashamed.
Steve takes the silence, and Tony's frozen stance as a bad sign and starts to apologize, backing away from Tony and into a cupboard. To rectify his mistake, Tony strides over to Steve, muffling his shouts by bringing his lips to the other man's. It's an effective way to shut Steve up, Steve kissing back, hands worming their way around Tony's hips. The kiss deepens, and Tony chuckles into it, because he knows they've been hopeless idiots recently and this - this kiss, is a Christmas miracle in itself. God, this is the stuff Tony dreams about: Steve's mouth, tasting like vanilla and cocoa, and his hands making their way up and down Tony's back, the strong smell of cologne on Steve's neck. Tony flicks his tongue against Steve's mouth and it brings the other man back to reality. Steve's unable to move backwards anymore, so he has to shove Tony off him, wiping the saliva from his mouth.
"I know I should be grateful but I miss those days, and it feels ridiculous saying that 'cause I sure don't miss the polio and the blatant racism but I belong there," Steve manages to smile, though the moment it shrouded in somberness, "but thanks Tony, for listening. I feel a little better now."
Tony looks up at Steve, through lashes that are so long that Steve's sure he's wearing mascara, and says, "I guess this is goodbye, then."
, but has to stop. He wonders absentmindedly if he's got the wrong room, but the familiar shield that rests besides an empty bed tells him otherwise. It's barren, like Steve never left the army - bed neat and freezing cold, absent of any sheets and the big fluffy pillows Stark provides. Next to it is the only other piece of furniture in the room, a plain cabinet. There's a couple of mementos spread across it and Tony can't help but reach out, reach out for the only residue of Steve in the room. There's a locket, Tony's seen Steve gaze at it enough to know that a photo of Peggy lies inside it. Next to it, a photo of Steve and Sam, arm in arm. It isn't even in a frame, simply lies there, smiling sadly up at Tony. On the end of the cabinet, shucked into a corner, are a pile of comics. Tony's seen a couple like them in Coulson's collection, and wonders if that's where they've come from. There's some of the old Captain America ones near the bottom that appear untouched. However, Tony's hands automatically reach for the one at the top. It’s falling apart, text worn away with love, the paperclips in the middle gone. Tony can barely follow the story, the cover's missing but Tony can work out something's going on with a brunette chick, a few aliens and a pleasing amount of dad jokes. Interesting, Tony muses. An idea begins to cement itself in his mind.
"I didn't mean- no, what I mean to say is, well, you have the bone structure for it. And your eyes, expressive - a painter's dream really. It's not
“My house is empty, mostly," Tony replies, "What’s the point in decorating when there's no one there to admire my superior skills. Here, it matters. It brightens the kid's days a little, y'know. Wouldn't do much in my house."
A little better was not good enough for Tony Stark, and as he watched Steve walk away once more, he vowed that he would do all he could to see a real, full smile on Steve's face once more.
Tony tries to lighten the mood, slapping Steve on the back as they leave the cafe, "You got that right, kid."
, Tony thinks for certain this time. He stands there for a few minutes, imagining Steve’s eyes lighting up like fireworks, grinning widely as he pulls Tony into an embrace, warmth seeping into Tony’s skin. He fleshes out the scenario, carefully mapping every inch of Steve in his mind. Then, his eyes catch a glimpse of Tillie once more, and it dawns on him why the women is so familiar.
Tony plants a lazy kiss in Steve's hair and let out an exaggerated gasp, "Steve, you Grinch! I can't believe you'd be so ignorant to the holiday that brought us together!"
in bold, orange lettering. The comic shows two men fighting on a roof-top. Both men have that sort of Cary Grant look to them, all slick black hair and dark features. He wonders if Steve would like it, and suddenly comes to a realization. Tony has absolutely no clue what Steve’s into, can’t even make a guess at whether he prefers action, or comedy, or romance. He’s in here blind as a bat, feeling and clutching for something — anything, praying for the best.
“I, um- I didn’t take you as a morning person, Stark,” Steve mumbles, trying to remove any awkwardness.
"I went to that war museum today. The one only a few blocks away, I think Bruce mentioned it to me over dinner. It had a photo of him in it, did you know that? There was a school trip there as well. It killed me, Tony, it really did... to see all their little faces looking at that picture of him in his uniform, clean-shaved and cropped hair, looking at him like he was a hero. 'Cause he was - my hero, at least. Growing up in Brooklyn always getting into fights, he saved me so many times I lost count, and I can't get past that, can't face the possibility that that version of him is gone forever. And all of this, everything that's being brought back up just makes me miss it. We lived in a glorified skip, slept on cold floors, barely surviving on the scraps we got for my art. I wouldn't wish that life on anyone, but what I wouldn't give to be back there with him."
"Tony, please don't make me get up at 7am, I don't care that it's Christmas Day, it's still my day off and I want to sleep."
Steve sits there smiling at the other man like a Golden Retriever, mesmerized by the elegant way Tony speaks when there's no sexual innuendos to hide behind. They slip into a smooth conversation, Steve smiling at Tony. Tony gets a little cream on his lips,
There's no hope for them. He hates himself for thinking it - the idea juxtaposes with the poster that reads
The comic book is left open and exposed on the couch besides Steve. He's scared to touch it, a cursed link to the time before this life. Steve remembers finding an old copy of
Their mutual attraction becomes an underlying tension in the room, both men trying to fill the void. Tony leans forward, both of them too aware of how little space there is between the two, and how neither of them can seem to break eye contact. It's Tony that makes the first move, placing his hand over Steve's. In response, Steve flinches, startled by the sudden contact. He ends up knocking his teacup off the table, and it shatters on the floor. Both of them jump up, turning to the girl at the register and apologizing profusely. Steve goes a step further, snatching the broom out of the girl's hand and begins to sweep up the smashed teacup himself.
Tony raises an eyebrow but doesn't question it directly: Steve looks like he's on the verge of exploding, beads of sweat beginning to drip down his forehead.
Steve makes an apologetic face as everyone's eyes turn to him. Feeling the shame rise, he blushes as he makes his way to the back of the cafe, sliding into the seat opposite Tony.
Steve bows his head, blushing slightly: a bold contrast to how he entered the room. Finally, he says, “Do you need any help?”
When the meeting ends, Tony packs up slowly, pretending he needs to read each document before he puts it in his briefcase. He draws the moment out, cherishing every second before he has to face Steve. It's nerves, plain and simple. He's scared, scared Steve's going to reveal some dastardly secret, or even worse, break down and cry on him. Tony grins at Fury as he leaves the room, waving like a school child just to reassure everyone, including himself, that he's still the normal arrogant, sarcastic Tony they've become acclimatized to. He turns to face Steve and the grin fades. The man looks completely lost, staring out of the large glass windows that encase the room. Tony takes a deep breath. Steve doesn't even flinch.
They had watched YouTube on speeches that had happened and recaps of the years he was gone. They helped more than Bucky trying to remember everything that had happened in the past four years. Though he was more helpful with what happened with his daughter than the rest. Which was more important to him. Some of the videos that were out were of her getting engaged and the other was her speech at his funeral.
As she walked down the stairs a tall man with jet black hair walked over and took her hand. “V-Violet… it’s me, Gilbert.”
Bruce sat the girl on the table in the middle and looked at the back of her head where the golf ball size bump started rising. She hissed as Bruce lightly touched the bump. “Did that hurt?”
“Yes, sir I do. I just want to get home and be with my family as soon as possible. They need me there with them. They always will.”
“We need to. Come on, Steve, Lu,” Tony told them to lead them down the stairs, telling Luna step every time they went down. Once down the stairs, they went out into the open where the press surrounded them. Steve let go of Luna’s hand taking the left side of the crowd while Tony took the right with Luna. She opened her cane once Tony let go of her hand.
Thor walked the husbands to the back of the dressing rooms and looked at them. “Don’t be mad at her.”
When the bomb went off Tony kneeled behind the table. He ran out the door racing for the outside world. As soon as he stepped outside he hit the button on his hand to make the suit fly. The suit only flew him 200 feet away from the cave.
“Sir, the tower is under attack,” Jarvis told him. “I can not identify anyone. I think my scanners might be acting up,”
“I’m glad to have you back while your here. Everyone has been missing your happy smile and mood since you left. I know I have,” Tony whispered into her ear.
“Tell him we are on our way please, Jarvis,” Steve told Jarvis and walked into the elevator with Tony.
Luna could hear people in her class take pictures of her and start recording the conversation. “Pops. We can fix it.” Luna pleaded with him speaking into the phone's speaker. “I can get Bruce on the phone and we can try something else. Pops I can’t lose you too. I just lost Dad. Not you. Not you please…”
Happy went down the stairs and leaned into Luna whispering. “I’m gonna be behind you. If you need anything to switch your cane to your other hand. I’m right here with you.”
“I want… to see the beach… where…” Tony wheezed and held the oxygen mask close to his face. “I proposed. Please… please…”
“Luna, the real reason I pulled you in here is that we can fix your blindness.” Dumbledore put his hand on her leg and smiled. “Just like we fixed your mothers deafness.”
“It’s a sedative, Tony! I don’t want her not to feel!” Steve yelled and slammed the table with his fist.
“How were we supposed to know he would go to your tower?” Clint asked him and rubbed his back. “The twins will be alright. You heard Bruce these are the best surgeons in the world.”
“I don’t need a life! This is my life. I’m okay with losing my hair and not having a family of my own.” Violet screamed at him. “I like my arms! And I’ve made a system up with the memory thing. Daddy, please I don’t wanna fight.”
Biting his lip the blonde looked over to his husband. “I kind of want to, but I don’t want to leave you guys. I wanna be with you guys all the time. Decides you work in your lab as well. This is the best thing I can do to help.”
The rest of the train ride was of the others in the cart talking to one another about what classes they are taking this year. Luna ended up getting up and walking off into the bathroom closing the door and locking it behind her while everyone got off the train taking the boats.
Tony walked out with the shopping bags and placed them in the car. “You know… I probably would have done the same thing. Yell. It’s not right and your right on that. I’m sorry I yelled at you.”
“Sure. If that’s what you want to do.” Steve told him and grabbed his hand. “Are you okay? You look a bit pale.”
Steve followed him silently to the plane not forcing Tony to speak or anything. The whole flight home was silent until they landed. Tony got out of his seat and punched the window on the plane until his hand bled. “Steve… I didn’t want to leave you like this. I don’t want to go. I want to live so badly! I want to live!”
“Mr. Tony… Mr. Steve,” Mr. Parker opened the door slowly. “I’m so sorry to bother you… but I-I...” He stared right at me.
When the images came up on the screen you could tell there were very big differences between them. “The one on the left is Peter and the other is Violet. Steve, I bet while you're holding her you can tell that she has no bones in her arms so she can’t move them. We can either add bone, which is going to be painful or we can give her prosthetics depending on where she has nerves she can feel. Peter here has heart and lung damage, which both can be fixed with sugary. Any questions?”
“Saved your life, Stark,” The man commanded and shoved him down stepping on top of the glass making it break into even more little pieces. “I need you to make me a bomb that will blow cities up. Understand. If you do that then I won’t kill you like a little bug you are. Get up and start working.”
The twins walked out waving to the crowd walking over to the center of the stage where Steve and Tony stood.
Tony just held her and laughed. “No. I told you. This was to see a doctor, Loo-Boo. We will go next year for your birthday to do all of that.”
“Thank you so much!” Luna told them and kept petting Newt. She laid her head on top of the dogs head. “I like the glittery collar.”
“Well, I am always ready when you need back up my love.” Steve smiled and kissed his soft lips. “I love you forever and always.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “Director I’m sorry about him. Tony is… Tony. It’s nice to meet all of you officially.”
She sat in the middle of the bed looking up at him. “Daddy talked about, Peter, but not about me. He said we were harmless, but I’m harmless. Papa, I want the numb pills. I don’t want to feel or have them come back out. I love my creations, but they kill to protect us. Please, papa.”
Even though Tony knew it was going to happen sooner rather than later he was going to slip up or something weird was going to happen to the Avengers. The same stupid shit that happens to them every day.
Tony scoffed. “Leave the kid alone she is doing her best, but come on Missy! We really could use that closing.”
“I killed Pepper! I killed her!” Luna screamed and cried harder into her hands. “Daddy! I’m sorry! I’m sorry Papa! I’m so sorry I couldn’t protect her! I’m sorry! So sorry!”
Tony snatched the phone from Clint and got up walking to the elevator. “Are they out? What are they doing? Did you call Steve?”
Steve grabbed her hands. “I am so sorry kiddo. Truly I am. It was an accident, Papa thought he was seeing things.”
Violet walked off down the stairs. She knew that she made a good decision all those years ago when she gave up Gilbert and Abigail for Peter and his future. He deserved his happiness even if it means she gave up hers.
I gripped there hands and closed my eyes. “If I do it, I am afraid that you won’t love me. Going back is going to make a lot of things different. Especially… never mind that. Peter is my everything and I want to give him everything I can do. Even if it sacrifices myself.”
Tony hit play on the movie Chicken Little and looked over after he hears the god offal sound of ripping hair out. “O-Oh, thank you.” He took the hair and started scanning it getting lost in his thoughts.
Steve smiled and sat between Peter and Tony. “I’m Steve and this is my husband Tony. I bet you're hungry,” he went into Peter’s bag and got out the snacks placing them between the kids. He also took out some of the toys in the bag.
“Because there was nothing else I could say! Nothing I could do to make your stay! Someone had to keep things going! I couldn’t do it knowing that I was going back to fix everything! Like I swore to you. To make the timeline right!”
“Found Loki and he is such a cry baby. We are trying to figure out how to close the wormhole.” Dr. Strange told him.
“Tony, if she goes then she can be an Avenger someday. With us. She can do school there then come home and do school here.” Bucky suggested.
She nodded and went up to the stage with Happy. Not even noticing when Peter followed up behind them after a minute. Luna walked out on stage smiling and waving to everyone.
“Y-yes ma’am.” The lady got up from her desk and walked back. She walked back quickly and grabbed her hand. “Come with me.”
“Okay, m-master.” Violet took hold of her hair and ripped a good chunk out of the back of her head. “Here, master.”
Steve grabbed her by the waste from behind pushing her to the ground. “I can handle her. Get the guy!”
“Second. Pour four cups of flower, but since we want a big cake we are going to use four bags!” Draco ripped the top off of the four bags and poured them down her.
“Luna… it’s gonna grow inside you. Your gonna get, excuse me for saying this, bigger. Your growing a human inside you. Your gonna show at some point.”
“Okay. But he is going to take the babies out and put them in some tube thing to protect them and mostly you. Understand? This is the only way we are doing this.” Tony told him with all seriousness.
“Yes, that’s Peter,” Tony told her and put the sedative in her neck holding her up. “Get some sleep. I have you, little one.”
“Good morning everyone,” Tony smiled and sat at the head of the table looking at the Avengers. “We have a lot of things to talk about this morning.”
They pulled up to an old brick house that was older than any other house on the block. When they got out of the car Steve couldn’t tell if he was going to cry with happiness. “This was my parents home. They lived here and left it to me. I thought they just knocked it down.”
Thor unlocked the person to his left and passed the key around until it was back to Violet. She had the key disappeared and leaned on Peter closing her eyes.
“Yes, she does,” Tony told him. “But, at the moment it’s in storage with the Mark 55. Did you want to test it out?”
“I-I know. Make sure my dads don’t show up,” she mumbled and walked into the locker room where the bag was sitting on the counter next to her violin and two rundown prosthetic arms. “Jarvis you great soul.”
Luna shrugged and pulled out the Stark Tablet and put in one of her headphones listening to the material on the worksheet. Once the class ended the pair walked out together with Ned and MJ. Flash was right on their tail.
Dumbledore stroked his beard. “Just like your mother. She did all of her schoolings in her first year as well. Pandora was a funny woman while your father Xenophilius was an odd one who spends all of his days writing about the weird creatures of the night. I love to see that you have a bit of each of them inside you.”
Holding Violet Steve went up to the front of the store. “Excuse me, son? Where is there a men’s room with a changing table?”
“I’ll be Aang,” Steve told him shaking his head at his overly excited husband but followed him to his computer. He thought Luna’s reaction was bad, he was worst.
“Hey, guys what’s going on? You joining Luna and me for dinner?” Bruce asked them and took keys out to the door for the private elevator door. “Jarvis, access code parental baby girl 301-10.”
“A pleasure, my lady,” Tony said, mimicking a bow as best as he could with Peter on his shoulder, “I am Prince Anthony Stark of Ma’atan, the son of King Howard and Queen Maria Stark.”
“I radioed in for a med team to take him once we land,” Natasha said as Steve approached the cockpit, sitting down heavily in the co-pilot’s seat, “Tony said he’ll wait for us inside. Apparently, PJ’s having a really good day, and he doesn’t want the kid to freak out by seeing us all—”
Tony rolled his eyes and lightly pushed Steve, grinning at the other’s smirk. He quickly grabbed his own materials for first period from his locker before falling into step next to Steve, sneaking his hand into the other’s to lightly lace their fingers together. They were quiet on the trek to their classroom, sliding into their assigned seats in the back corner of the room.
“What nurse Shelly reported to your earlier has been confirmed,” one of the haughtier doctors replied, motioning to the scans put up on the light-boards, “His—”
“You didn’t. Bruce did,” Rhodey laughed, “You gave each of us money for a safehouse, right? This is one of his. He said you owe him for a new safehouse that you won’t be able to find and bother him in.”
He let his anger toward himself settle in his chest as he decided he was okay enough to move again, looting around the room for a moment until he found a bottle of aspirin tucked away in one of the cabinets. With a grunt of approval, he swallowed two pills dry and left the medical room, steadfastly ignoring the concerned calls of the nurses.
“Yeah. I guess. We, ah, our conversation never—before you left,” Steve tried, fumbling for words, “When I made PJ upset on accident. We—I didn’t—”
With his eyes closed, he could focus on Steve’s hands working his foot until his other was pulled into place and given the same attention. He had never had a real massage before, and to have Steve’s pleasantly calloused hands working the last week’s aches and pains out pulled another moan from him. Distantly, he yelled at himself for letting one man’s hands reduce him to goo, but it had been far too long since he had let go and enjoyed his biology. An Omega’s body relaxed completely when in a tender Alpha’s hands, and despite his conflicting emotions, Tony’s body seemed to be okay with Steve’s touch. It did not take long for his thoughts to fuzz and his mouth to open slightly, whistling softly as he slept on.
“Once he finds us, he will feel better, darling. I would run to him, but I do not think my legs could stand it,” Tony admitted, moving Peter back down into a cradle so he could poke the babe’s button nose.
Looking over at his laptop, Steve’s gaze landed on the drawing pad attached to the device, a fond string tugging on his heart. Once Tony had caught wind of how easily Steve had picked up on it, he made a holographic board in his lab that Steve could send art to, allowing the engineer to “hang it up on the fridge, because that’s where it damn belongs, but no one has the time to print things, Steve.” Then, when Steve was in the lab, he would occasionally catch Tony looking at the display of doodles, a distant look in his usually focused eyes.
Steve stepped forward on cue, pushed forward by Thor. He managed a small smile, but remained mostly unsure of himself, shifting from foot-to-foot. Tony took pity and beckoned him forward, picking up his hand to place on his cheek. Steve smiled then, stroking his thumb over Tony’s cheekbone before pulling him in one-armed, burying his face in Tony’s hair. It was meant to be sweet comfort, but Tony teared up at the gesture, overwhelmed by Steve’s willingness to take him in, even when he had publicly embarrassed the Alpha.
“You remember the incident? Junior year?” Steve asked, flushing a little under Rhodey’s glare, “Well, the summer before, Buck and I didn’t…
“Are you better, friend?” Thor asked nervously, breaking the silence, “I did not mean to sour you, I swear.”
Peter kicked his foot into Tony’s stomach, whimpering softly behind the piece of the dress he had been chewing on. Tony immediately moved the baby up to his shoulder and hushed him, gently rocking them both back and forth.
“I’m okay, sweet thing. Daddy’s just got some issues to work out,” he sighed, propping his elbow on his knee and his chin in his hand.
“That’s it, little one. Drink as much as you like, they can wait for you to finish,” Tony mumbled, turning more to try and hide the feeding between Steve’s and his bodies.
“Alright, you’re going to make me cry, I’m turning around now,” he said, making Steve laugh and return to the story:
“You’re alright. Almost done, okay? You’ve been so good, I bet Ste—I bet Papa will even read you a bedtime story,” Tony soothed, finishing up the child’s legs and feet, “Okay, just your hair. Let’s get—”
“Bartering doesn’t work with senior citizens. Unless you’d like me to move your housing to a swingers’ community?”
attack on the other compound, I thought I had ordered for all the subjects to be terminated, but apparently, this one slipped through my fingers. I thought little of it, figuring it would succumb to its injuries and die and that would be that. However, your…
“He does not know the language like I do, sweet one. He decided to apologize first and says that he is sorry for riling you up on purpose,” Tony lied, “Can you apologize?”
“Do you have yourself under control?” She said, “Do you think you can stay calm if you stay close to Tony?”
“Clean first. I want to make sure you are ready to--to take me,” he said, stumbling over his words in embarrassment, “It is important that I make sure we do this
He was just glad that he had worn two pairs of underwear so he could actually sit on his bottom without squirming in pain.
“Still. I should have said no to bonding so soon. I should have asked you to wait, made sure you were confident in your decision--”
, pray tell, was that?” Rhodey said, “I thought you were finally on a smooth road together. Why did you try to dent his face?”
Staring at their entwined hands, Tony almost tripped as he ran back with Steve to the playhouse, finding Bucky talking with Natasha as they sipped at empty teacups.
Steve shushed him and reached up to cup his cheeks, pulling him in for a soft kiss. He could feel Tony’s lips shaking under his own, so he moved his hands down to squeeze his arms, pulling away and resting their foreheads together with a smile.
“No. It’s not exactly fun time bonanza, but it’s not work,” He answered, frowning up at the Captain, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m going to find
Steve clicked his tongue, making Tony laugh and lean up on his toes for another kiss. He was happy to stand there and make out with his momentary-fiancé, but Steve’s embarrassment from the public show kept him in check, merely peppering the man’s face with small, thankful kisses.
time I thought I was going to watch you die and there was nothing I could do, and it was all my fault—”
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and started to drag him over toward the wall lined with small wood cabinets, making a face as he judged the identical spaces before picking one.
“A pizza. Pepperoni, sausage, anchovies, and pineapple. With a large cup of black coffee,” he decided.
Not that the showers in the 40s were all that different; no, the look of the shower was fine, but the water pressure was…intense, to say the least. At least in his SHIELD housing in Brooklyn, the pipes were the same small copper lines, and with enough finagling, he could make the water the same loose drips that he had been used to when Sarah was unable to pay their monthly water bill.
Pushing open the door, he padded over to the bed, shushing PJ as he settled the boy under the sheets.
his brain yelled, nearly drowned out by the waves of intrusive thoughts that threatened to send him into a full-blown panic attack,
The voice and a hand on his shoulder startled the hell out of Tony, causing him to jump and screech. Peter immediately burst into tears as he unlatched, no doubt just as scared as Tony was.
Another quick kiss and then they were gone, leaving Tony alone in the forge with nothing but his doubts and the crackling fire. He turned to the steel with a sigh, shoving it back into the hot coals to soften it once more. Finishing the sword he was working on would take a full night’s work if he did not stop, so he continued on. It was
Exiting the bathroom in a cloud of steam, he found Steve sitting on the edge of his bed, changed out of his day clothes into what looked like comfortable lounge pants and a tank top. Tony had to pause for a moment, inwardly chastising himself for being so thirsty over Steve’s arms.
“Ah, t-thank you,” Tony stammered, doing his best to keep from squirming at Steve’s light touches, “Not quite what I wanted, but they
Allowing same-designation relations was unheard of in the Southern cities, going so far as to require the workers at the brothels to only service differently designated customers. If at any time a child were to arise from such relations, whether in the brothel or outside of, the child would be taken from their parents and dashed upon the stones in the city square to be made into an example. Then, if the parents were bonded, their bond was forcibly broken by the birther being hung first, then the life giver having their throat slit. It was bloody and gruesome, and Tony knew that being a royal could not save him from the laws his own father was all too joyful to establish in their own city.
Tony blinked and stuttered for a moment, but once Peter shifted against his chest, he knew he had no choice. If he had to choose to save himself or Peter, he would choose Peter every time.
Unsteadily getting back up to his feet, Tony barely made it back over to the wall with the iron door; hissing out painful breaths, he slowly slid down to the ground, bracing his back up against the concrete. Closing his eyes, he concentrated, hearing the footsteps move back and forth on the other side of the wall.
He kissed the baby’s cheek and listened to the sounds of clanging and feet pattering in the kitchen, only looking up once the footsteps started to approach. Steve raised an eyebrow at him and set a bowl down in front of Tony, then took his own seat next to him.
The picture jumped around the room until it landed at the monitor on the focal desk, displaying Zola’s face in annoyingly HD quality.
“Not important. Then, all of a sudden you can actually stand to be in the same room as me again once this little one comes along, and—fuck, Steve, you go and be cryptic and shit and now you
“She merely told us your father was having rough nights in the lab and had too much from the bottle. I would remind her of the times he had previously hit her when under such an influence, and even you the once when you were very small, but she assured us that the situation was handled and if we were to remain employed, to not ask questions,” he said, squeezing Tony’s hand, “Ana and I decided it would be best for us to stay and help under the radar, if we could. However, with your Mother knowing our suspicions, we could not help where we wanted to. We wanted nothing more than to keep you safe, and perhaps in our haste, we made the wrong decision.”
“I don’t know. Let’s go get Papa and Dad okay?” Bucky whispered into her ear and walked down the hall to the open door to the lab. He knew he couldn’t give the little girl to her parents since they were still battling Loki, but it was the best thing he could do to get her to calm down.
“Yes, love does make a family,” Steve leaned over and kissed her forehead. “I love you and I know he did too.”
Steve worked hard every day getting caught up on everything that has happened. He learned that Peter and she became attached at the hip once he disappeared. That she took over S.R.I. without even thinking about it. Everything she had done had made the earth a better place. The new motto of S.R.I. is: “To bring peace to everyone who breathes,”. Something she wanted to do more than anything in the world.
Over one hundred guests were sitting waiting for the wedding to begin. Everyone expected the wedding march to begin when the priest went up on to the stage. Not the Star Wars theme song. Peter walked up with Ned and MJ right behind him. Behind them was Nat with Bruce walking together, and Steven and Thor together, Wanda and Vision together since they were the ‘bridesmaids’. May walked alone behind them since she was Luna’s maid of honor. Bucky, Bruce, Happy all stopped on the line with spaced apart from one another. Newt walked down with the rings tied to his collar.
Peter didn’t look up from the web but responded. “Since the sun came up. I played with the nurses and then uncle Bucky was here. He took Violet to go potty and get her warmer clothes from the car.”
“Then skip the school thing. Queens needs us.” Peter told her and got dressed. “Can Ned come over, dads?”
“She was going to break down at some point. She never cried at the funeral or even while by herself in her room. She was bound to break,” Natasha whispered to the guys.
“I have you, Pete… always.” Violet mumbled and yawned herself. She made the dogs disappear and curled into Peter. “Make a web ‘round us.”
“Hey! Hey! Language.” Tony smiled and kissed his cheek. “Get some rest we will be flying for a while.”
Steve rolled his eyes. “We each try to take them down. Spread out and search. Peter… you will stay here in the lab until someone comes and gets you. Suit up.”
Luna rolled her eyes and walked over fixing his costume. “Your belt is inside out. Your shirt needs to be a V-neck,” She took one of her Spirit keys and ripped the shirt down to his pecs. “There.”
“Spiderman, go back up to your partner. Tony, we are going to need your mind on this.” Steve told him.
“Go, Peter and I will stay with her.” Bruce smiled and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder. “We will be fine. Go,”
“I won’t. I’m home for good. The war is over and we can go home. Everyone is slowly coming home, but we got out first since we never came home. There’s actually no party. Just the five guys and Jarvis to drive us around.”
“You will either make a verbal agreement or you may have a written agreement. If you are going out of the country you must get approval from both lawyers of the party.” She told them and got up. “Rogers-Stark twins you may go see your parents,”
“She’ll be fine, kid.” Dr. Strange spoke. “I already looking into the future. There are only 35,394 chances that she falls to her death.”
Violet looked up at them and bit her lip then spoke. “I-I…” She stopped talking when Nick came back into the room and sat with them. She looked back at the table.
Luna gripped Peter’s arm and looked up at him. “Peter...” she whispered barely able to speak from how nervous she was.
“Language. I’m just telling her. She needs this and she won’t do what she’s told! She needs to have time for family. Pepper lost her hair and time over this job. Look at her. She’s just a baby at twenty four years old. Peter has three kids and a wife who is pregnant again don’t tell them you know. She needs to have a life.”
Luna flicked her wrist and sent Steve back into the door. She flinched and dropped the wand grabbing at her ears. “What was that?! Did I break something?!”
Violet barely had time to stop herself from laughing. “No, we have not. Decides… I can’t truly love someone I don’t know behind the mask. It’s unprecedented.”
I paced my little room having my sleeping bag out on the floor for me to sleep in. My parents can have my bed. I just want them close to me. It’ll be nice to have the normal safe feeling again. To hold me and tell me it’s okay for missing them every second I’m not in America with them. Pacing as I watched each second tick pass.
Bruce put the arms on the girl without any problems, but would not for the life of her hold her head still for the headband. “No! No!”
They moved everything. They probably packed up my whole room by now. I walked back to my room and noticed that the room wasn’t how I left it. All of my posters were down from the walls and on my bed. Everything was packed into boxes. What’s going on?
“Glad everyone is acquainted, now let’s party please!” Tony smiled and opened a bottle of beer dumping half of it into a glass giving it to Steve.
She nodded and leaned into him. “Let’s go dance. Together. Pretend no one is on the dance floor and just move.”
Tony looked at Bruce and then at Steve. “In a few minutes baby girl. Bruce-bear here is gonna look you over.”
“Alright then. Number one on the agenda is my twins. They are not freaks they are the next generation of Avengers. My son goes by the name of Peter, but his superhero name is Spider-Man. He is able to make spiderwebs and climb walls with only his fingers. It’s amazing to see what he can do. Jarvis, show us the clip prepared for the news.”
“She’s a very smart five years old almost six. Let me think… she can talk. She talks a lot. Never stops and it’s funny. She’s strange but very loveable. She is very short for her age. She is a cuddler,” Gale told her and sighed. “When she was born the hospital got bombed. She lost her eyesight 65% of the way. She lived with her parents until she was taken away from them at three,” Gale opened the door to the meeting room. “If you two just sit down and get comfy I will be right back with, Luna. Jessica will be coming in to speak to you though.”
“Yes. That’s what the cameras showed. She ran in front of Peter with her arms across her chest.” Steve told her and rubbed Tony’s arm.
“Yeah. I do. Can we leave now?” Tony asked and got up walking out of the room pulling Steve out with him.
The twenty-year-old boy looked up at him. “Sorry, dude, but there is no men's room with a changing table. The nearest family bathroom is about six stores down.”
“I am doing everything in my power to take you back into my care. I swear I am.” Tony blinked back his tears and kissed his cheek. “You have to sit with your caretaker okay? Save a seat for your uncles and aunt though okay?”
Luna hunched over more and began to shake slightly. She took a deep breath and bit her lip keeping herself quiet. She wasn’t going to give them what they wanted. Not this time or ever.
The music stopped and Jarvis began to spoke. “Sir there is a man in the lobby who is demanding to speak to you. He says it is urgent. He is already coming up the elevator. I could not get his face.”
Natasha laid her hand on Steve’s shoulder. “Don’t panic. Come see her with me. I know you wanted to see her tomorrow, but she’s leaving on her honeymoon tomorrow. Give her time to talk to you now and ask her the important questions.”
Fifty-seven-year-old Violet stood at the top of the stairs in a ghost state, she was there, but glowing blue. Just hearing there voices she could cry. Slowly she walked down the stairs gripping the rail to make sure that this was real. When she reached the bottom of the stairs everyone looked over.
“We can stay here and leave early in the morning to go to the house,” Peter suggested wanting to stay here with all the other heroes.
Peter leaned over and kissed the top of her head. “I’ll be back. Bruce is gonna be up here in a few minutes to check on you.  Look you over as well. I love you. Stay hydrated.”
“Fine.” Steve walked to the car and changed the twins sitting them in there car seat after each of them were clean.
“Alright,” Peter told her and kissed the top of her head. He got in the car with Jen watching Violet get in the other.
Once everyone was in the limo happy drove them to Lower Manhattan to the Make a Wish Foundation fundraiser. They had asked every superhero and celebrity who was available to come to join and give to the foundation. Since Tony helped find this foundation and Bruce did research for it they were both told by Pepper to make appearances.
The reception hall was filled with people. Reporters were there too wanting the latest scoop from the couple. Everyone was dancing to the upbeat music. No one was paying attention to the differences from the couples in the room.
Violet reached her hand over and grabbed a cookie bowing her head a bit. “T-thank you for the meal…” she mumbled and ate the cookie with shaky hands.
Pepper was in there Will to take Luna if something ever happened to them. They had asked her before there very first mission to take her in if something ever happened to them. Especially if Tony’s tumor was going to kill him leaving her with just Steve. If Pepper somehow died then guardianship would go to Bucky, Rhodey, and Sam. If everyone died on the team along with Pepper they made plans with a family that worked for Stark-Rogers Industries. If Happy was still alive he would take her in first though.
“First you crack the eggs,” Draco told her and threw four eggs at Luna making them all break on the top of her head making the raw egg go down her hair.
The two left the tower hand in hand. Luna hated going to the eye doctors because every time they went they kept telling her she was getting blinder. She didn’t like that they were Debbie-Downers. They expect her to be blind by nine with how fast her eyesight keeps going, but she’s now turning twelve with 2% of her sight left. It was the same this appointment as well.
As the night went on the songs got better and better. Until the song, Iron Man by Black Sabbath came on. Peter took her by the hand and pulled her close. “Your dad use to sing this all the time in the suit.”
He nodded and followed the spy down to the hall until they reached the room where the door was decorated in bride decorations. All he could do was smile and think about how random the wedding decorations might be.
“Get off the stage. We can’t have an embarrassment on the stage where greatness is supposed to happen.” Dr. Yang told her and rolled his eyes. “Leave this place where you can’t stand.”
Jarvis laid against the driver side door bleeding out from his head shot that killed him on impact. Blood soaked into his white suit. All Tony could do was sit there and cry over the only family had left, decides Steve.
She walked down the stairs and sat in her chair leaning into Happy who was sobbing. No one knew what to tell her. What can you tell a child who just lost both of their parents four months apart from one another?
“Crazy?! This is absolutely stupid!” Tony yelled each word he got louder. “And we have done our fair share of stupid! How are you taking orders from a six-year-old?!”
Tony went into the elevator and went into the office looking at Steve, the two lawyers, and the rest of the team for witnesses. This was it… they were getting divorced. Nothing Tony wanted, but he couldn’t be with someone who couldn’t decide who he wanted and especially since the twins caught him cheating. It made everything worst.
Luna opened her eyes and squinted trying to see farther out that she could, but couldn’t. She could feel the needle in her left arm. She had bandages over her head. She could smell blood. She could hear her father’s outside of the room yelling at one another.
Tony closed his eyes letting the sun hit him. He woke up when he heard a plane coming close. Tony jumped up and started waving down the plane. “I’m here! Over here!” He screamed and ran after the plane as far as he could until he fell into the sand from dehydration.
“Hagrid?” Luna asked and sat up slowly. “D-don’t tell anyone, please. They’ll just make it worst. Please, don’t make this a big deal. I’ll just go to the showers.”
Steve wasn’t the first one to wake up. Peter was sitting on the floor playing with a web he made. “Hehe… I got you fly.” Peter took it out of the web and ate it while grinning.
Rubbing her arm and looking at the hole. “Well, I could put a big cork in the hole until we can think of something… it’s gonna take a lot of power that I don’t know how long I can handle it.”
“Okay,” Draco told her and dumped her out of the bag on to the dirty in the middle of a circle of people. The sun was just rising. Everyone had party hats on smiling down at the girl. Crab and Goyle held Luna’s wrist tightly.
Garrick walked away and came back with a box covered in dust. “Try this,” he held his hands out with the wand in his hand. “Just give your hand a flick of the wrists.”
Going inside HQ they went up to Nick's office and couldn’t believe their eyes. Sitting across the room was a girl about the same age as Peter.
“Where is Steve?” Clint looked around and noticed the waiting room was empty decides Nat sleeping in the chair behind them.
“No, I’m playing hide and seek with Vi.” Peter giggled. “She won’t find me down here, but I am looking for her.”
“They sell bigger clothes for a reason. I’ll hide it. I have to hide it. Swear to me you’ll hide it.”
The drive home was quiet decides the music blaring AC/DC and sometimes classical music, but it was normally skipped after the first minute of playing. “What time is the party?” She asked looking away from the window to her parents.
“Professor Flitwick said that you wanted to do all seven years that Hogwarts in one year. You understand that it is going to be a lot of work correct?”
Luna hesitated and shook when the cracklings of the fire started getting louder and closer to her. “No. You wouldn’t.” She backed up and held her necklace close.
“Head hurts, but I’m okay. Where’s Aunt Pepper?” Luna asked her and gripped her shirt. “Bucky wouldn’t tell me.”
“No, we are going to get ice cream with our new bracelets. Duh, of course, we are.” Sam rolled his eyes and leaned back on the wall. “It was nice knowing you why we had the chance.”
“Alright, thank you, Jarvis.” Tony sighed. “Tell him we will be there when Steve gets the webs out of his nose,”
Steve spoke and looked over at the rest of the heroes, “We had to protect them, but it looks like the cat is out of the bag. You two need to decide what we do with the schools. Please, do not tell anyone about this.”
Steve nodded and looked at the ground. “It’s been happening again since the twins were created. I don’t know what is wrong with me. Please do not tell Tony he doesn't know and is under more stress from everything happening so quickly. He’s built the house and the business is taking off with Prince T’Challa. I just don’t want him more stressed out.”
She shook her head and made the violin appear and began to play with the sounds going straight into her headphones. Peter watched her until his eyelids couldn’t take it any longer and drifted himself to sleep.
Before either of them could say anything I ran out of the room to my room not stopping. He’s dying and they didn’t tell me. I ran into the couch which moved more than six feet from its normal spot. I fell back stumbling on my feet.
“Not the wand for you. Let me think,” he sat there then smiled. “I have the perfect thing! Unicorn hair and firefly soul! Here you are, Luna.”
Steve nodded his head and looked back at the screen. “Go tell Bruce I am ready whenever he is. And babe.” he grabbed Tony’s hand and brought it to his lips. “I love you, and thank you for this miracle.”
“It could be that,” Tony told Steve and looked down at Peter. “Peter, you gonna go with Papa. Rhodey and I are going to go get Violet. I promise I will be right back. Just ask Papa to call me if you need anything,”
“No. I promised you that we would be together as a whole. I swore on my life.” I told him and smiled. “I will not remember anything after, but just know. I love you.”
Luna rolled her eye and leaned into his hug more. “I won’t need that stuff. You just swore you would be back safe. Anyway. I love you papa and I’ll see you later. Alright. I’ll behave for them. I love you.”
Looking over at the lock Peter noticed it was only an hour later from when his parents tucked them in, but it sounded like an army was roaming around the building. Rolling over he looked over to Violet’s bed and saw men fighting and bombs dropping. “Shit.”
The flight back was quiet. No one knew what to say to the Stark-Rogers family. Luna sat next to Peter holding the broomstick in her lap. Steve laid his head on Bucky’s shoulder quietly sobbing into his shirt. They didn’t know what was going to make this family complete again.
She nodded at him and curled into him more. “The Force is with us today… he loves me, Papa. I swear on my life he does. I’ve been getting sick all month worrying about today. ”
“Then move out of that shitty studio apartment and back into the tower. You can be near all of us.” Tony told her.
“Steve, I love you too,” Tony told him and pulled Steve in for a proper kiss and put his fingers through his hair.
“Jarvis, I don’t want to celebrate my birthday day anymore,” Tony told Jarvis and paced. “It’s been four and a half years since they left me here. I’m going to be twenty-five and I can’t celebrate without them. There all twenty-six and twenty-seven. I can wait awhile.”
Tony sighed and sat next to Thor laying his head back on Steve who was still standing. They waited until the end to stand up.
The twins sat on the train while everyone got off the train to see Santa and the show. The staff kept serving the kids milk and cookies trying to keep the twins happy but didn’t want to take them off the train without permission. Then everyone started to get back on the train. Santa was gone and the train started moving again.
Steve woke up on a bed softer than the one Tony and he owned. He felt like he could lay there for weeks. Sitting up slowly he noticed he was in their room, but something was different. The painting of them is still up above the bed. He broke it down with his upsetting fit about Tony dying.
A red-head women came into the room smiling slightly. “Sorry to interrupt, but I’m Jessica, manager of this adoption agency. Before I get her… I need you both to know something before we move things along.”
She nodded and smiled. “I know, Papa. I love you both so much you don't even know. See you in three weeks. Three long and terrible weeks!”
Luna went down the rest of the stairs. “Sorry I thought I heard the dinner bell.” She lied through her teeth. “What do you think of my outfit?”
She looked up at them and began to cry harder out of embarrassment. “Don't blame Thor! I just… I’m sorry…”
So, Tony made something he was supposed to: a bomb. He dropped a baby bomb outside of the lab when he was being shoved into the room. Tony counted to eighty while getting the suit as fast as he could hoping he would get it all on in time.
I walked over to the door of their bedroom and slammed the door opening putting the door handle into the wall. I didn’t even go throw the door open like that. I watched as they both flinched back looking up at the door from one another’s eyes. They must have been talking before I went in. Tony was bald with an IV in his arm. I couldn’t help but tear up in front of them.
She shook her head. “No, mater, I have to help clean. May I please go to my room after this? I need to clean my room.”
They flew to Great Britain to go see the there daughter. The daughter of their dreams. All they could do was hope about her. The flight was long, but there hope kept them from freaking out every mile. Getting closer and closer to there daughter.
Tony sat in the MRI machine keeping as still as he could. He hated this part more than life. Tony has never been able to stay still for more than two seconds of his life. That’s one of the main reasons he can’t sleep. Staying still kills his soul every second he’s still.
“Tony…” Steve looked around and saw that he was on the floor out cold. “TONY!? We need a medic please!”
The stage went black and a screen went down on the stage and a recording started to play. Tony was sitting in his lab Dummy was in the background slowly moving behind him. “Is this recording? Guess the blinking light means go… thanks for the heads up, Jarvis. Baby girl your getting married! Oh, the look on your face must be priceless. Steve better have whooped this guys ass in shape. Sorry, I know watch my language. Don’t talk smack to a dead person. ANYWAY! I love you and I bet your dress will be amazing. I love you. Kid, you hurt her you have a dead person ready to kick your ass once you get back here. AH, SHIT! DUMMY! That’s my IV! Stop! Gonna send you to a community college to wreck there shit… but you’ll be sent back in a week. Are we still recording? Jarvis, don’t make me reprogram yo-” The video went dead and the lights went back on.
“I told you that we could move out! But you didn’t want us to for the twins!” Steve yelled back and pushed Tony into the wall.
Standing Tony held his back with a grunt. “I just didn’t want glass on the floor. Thank you, Wanda.”
“Dr. Banner, Dr. Strange, look at her for me, please. She’s bleeding.” Peter asked him slowly standing up and taking her by the hand dragging her to go see the two doctors.
“None of you are going anywhere.” Fury told them in a stern voice. “You all have to do damage control.”
“I’m glad. Can I pay for that picture? Also, when can we take her home. Luna Elizabeth is destined to be a Stark-Rogers.” Tony told her and set Luna into Steve’s arms carefully.
Luna looked up from her lap and gripped her robe. “No. Tony and Steve are my parents. I don’t have a mom! I have two loving dads who will do anything to keep me safe and loved. I love them so much. I love them more than life. I would rather be with them right now, but here I am getting bullied for no good reason other than I’m blind.”
Taking a deep breath Luna continued hearing people sniffle in the crowd. “My favorite moment of my parents is their first argument in front of the family. Where Pops asks Dad who is he without his suit. Dad replies to him ‘Genius. Billionaire. Playboy. Philanthropist. Gay. Superhero. Father. Husband. What about you?’ Pops just smiled at him then kissed him. There are so many moments of them being sad and at the same time being loving. J-Jarvis go ahead and play the pictures you put together.”
“What’s your name cutie?” Nat started and batted her eyes at him and gave him truth serum in his neck.
“She said that she hurt her fathers by not stopping the killers kill them at a conference in front of Peter. That she had to come back in time and fix everything so Peter had a loving family forever. That it’s my job to protect Peter.” Violet whispered and looked back at them. “She said she needed to fix things for him. That I would understand when I met Peter Joseph Rogers-Stark, Tony Rogers-Stark, and Steve Rogers-Stark. Then I would find my place. Here you are. I am finding my place”
“Luna, how are you holding up? I’m sorry for your lost.” Peter asked wiping his eyes with the back of his hands. He was more upset looking than her. His whole face was red from his tears.
“We really can’t let anyone outside of us talk. Please, Tony. We have to keep their identities safe.” Steve told him and bit his lip. “Make sure of it. For me, please.”
“No. Tell us now, please. I need to stand.” Steve told her and looked at Tony who was about to pass out from standing still. Steve sighed and helped Tony to sit down in the nearest seat. “You are getting looked at after this.”
That night everyone was waiting around the living room. Tony was sitting there rubbing his hands together and Steve was pacing the room making a path in the rug where he has been. Nat and Bruce held one another's hand talking about the mission they had just been on. Dr. Strange and Clint were eating the leftover pizza while Sam and Rhodey were to busy trying to show one another up. Thor had just walked off the elevator going into the living room.
My whole body trembled as I ran off the elevator looking around the penthouse squinting trying to see farther than I could. “Where are you?! DAD! PAPA!”
“I still know your mother. Your father died two years ago after he published something he shouldn’t have in his newspaper,” He told her and sat forward more handing her a cloth to wipe her face off. “I use to know you as well.”
“Good afternoon everyone. Welcome to the wedding of Luna Pandora-Elizabeth-Sara Stark-Rogers, and Peter James Parker. Marriage is a wonderful thing between two people who are in love. And let me tell you I have never seen anyone more in love then the day I renewed Tony and Steve’s vows. May he rest in peace knowing that his daughter is going into good hands. Now, I believe you both have your own vows. Ladies first,”
Bruce came up not even five minutes after Peter left to see her. “Hi, kiddo. Heard your not feeling well. Let’s get you looked at and find out what’s going on.”
“Tony, we need to go!” Steve yelled and pulled Tony back through the window by his ankle. “We need to go now! Bucky get him out of here! Rhodey, Sam and I will get this guy in check.”
As soon as the headband was on her head the arms started to move around and the fingers curled up into a fist. Violet was more than amazed at this that her power started up. In a moment rattles started falling from the ceiling as she squealed with delight. No one was able to touch the rattles falling, but Violet. She shook the rattle and smiled. “Po…”
Luna wasn’t given time to answer when he began to put the needle in her arm. She just sat there letting Bruce do anything he needed. Her right hand never leaving her stomach.
“Of course, we can do it here or we can go back in the lab,” Bruce told them and stood up from the couch. “If you want to do it here I’ll get Jarvis to project the images.”
Peter jumped and began to wail from Sam’s yelling thrashing his arms and legs. Tony began to rock him back and forth slowly. “Shh… I know Sam is a real jackass for waking you up. Tell him if he does it again that he will change your first dirty stinky diaper. Tell him, Peter.”
Going inside the room Violet looked at the bed knowing she wasn’t going to get some sleep without her pills. “Here are my MIT shirts. Get some sleep and we will talk about your actions in the morning. I hear a single peep from you two your both dead. Understand?”  Tony looked at the both of them.
“Hey! Language.” Steve told him and shook his head. “Why can’t you two find different words to say that those nasty ones?”
Six came around and Tony was sitting there pacing the room. When Peter came in with Rhodey and May he felt his heart skip a beat. “Baby boy!” He yelled and picked Peter up kissing his head. “I missed you so much. I love you. I love you so much.”
Peter and May moved into the compound a year after the death of Tony. May took a job she earned in Med Bay for S.H.I.E.L.D. The two were more than excited to live there with the Avengers. Which made Peter come out to Luna about being Spider-Man. He graduated a year after Luna and started to work at S.R.I with Luna doing inventing. There love blossomed into something more magical than her parents had.
Peter kissed the top of her head. “No, yell and scream if you need too. I know I needed to when my real parents died.”
“Pizza and nachos with a great movie sound fantastic! Peter, you can stay for dinner and the movie. Okay. I’ll be right back!” She smiled and skipped off into the distance smiling.
“We can work on it,” Tony told him and sighed holding his head. “I know we can do it. I promise we can make her better.”
The women kneeled and opened her bag. “Here you are, Peter. Tell her I am so sorry about taking her jacket.”
Peter laughed and rubbed the back of his neck. “She started getting ready this morning at nine. I’ve never seen her so jittery before.”
‘See everything’ Luna thought and held her arms tight to her chest sighing. She didn’t want them to think of her any less than they already did, but she can’t see anything past three feet. Since her last doctors visit she has had only 30% of her eyesight. Wich keeps sinking farther down into the ocean.
As soon as Bucky said three the little girl ran and jumped as soon as she felt the stair. She was screaming louder than anything around them.
“If you can’t decide we have a family ready to take them until you can decide,” Denice told them. “We can bring them down here and enlighten them.”
Violet began to tear up and tried to hold her hair, but the arms were glitching. “It was me or the world. I chose the world each and every time. They don’t deserve to die, dad. I may not be able to feel, but I know they do.”
Bucky placed a hand on her shoulder. “It was a private mission. I am so sorry kid. Were upset too… we heard it the same time you did. We brought the Quinjet over here to get you.”
Tony is one of the lucky ones though. After eight months of treatment, the tumor stopped growing making everything in his life looking up. Dr. Cho told him to be careful but to live life while he was still alive. Take it slow at first, but dive in when your body is ready.
I changed into a doctor’s outfit and stood next to younger Steve. “Sir, I am Dr. Helen Cho’s assistant. I am here to take the little beings out of you and into the amniotic sac. I promise it will not be painful.”
“Yes, we adopted out of the country. Her name is Luna. Luna’s parents weren’t in the picture when we took her in. She has been blind since birth,” Tony told them.
“Running with Sam and Rhodey around the hospital. He couldn’t sit here waiting. It’s probably better this way.” Tony told him and looked at the hospital logo on the wall. “Go home to your kids, Clint. I’m fine. I need coffee.”
Violet went to fight him but got stopped when the shield slashed the right side of her face making a cut. She went down to the ground shaking in fear while looking up at him.
“JARVIS!” Tony kept screaming like a broken record while the gunshots never ended. Tony got hit in the arm twice.
“We are also moving to New York City in the next few years. Everyone enjoy themselves and have fun.”
“Peter, I think you need to get that suit back on,” Tony told him and hit the Avengers Assemble button. The whole tower was starting to go into lockdown. It didn’t take the other team members long to come down to the lab.
“From the bottom of my heart… I love you…” He whispered out and laid his head forward with his arms and legs giving out from keeping him sitting straight. “Семья,” Gilbert barely whispered as his heart stopped.
Garrick smiled and wiped his eye. His sister made that wand when they were ten. She had just died two weeks before. “It was made by the first blind wizard. She was just as strong as you. She died at 100 years old. She would be proud that another young blind wizard is going to be able to use her wand.”
“KID!” Happy yelled from the middle of the hall and that got everyone to move out of the way for them.
“Yes. From out of the country. I don’t care about the gender or if they are disabled. Just a baby. I thought about while I was in the cave. Us with a baby. Holding it and rocking it. Caring for it until they grew up. I want that for us” Tony told him rambling on.
They walked to the train station and watched as wizards went into the platform. Luna watched them and started to cry.
“Here is fine,” Tony told him and sat in his spot on the couch. Ever since Tony saw The Big Bang Theory he has become like Sheldon with his spot on the couch. NO ONE was allowed to sit in his seat.
“Yes, Thor. I know. So cool!” He chuckled. “Oh! My sisters here peace dude!” Peter hung up the phone and smiled. “Hey, sissy. What brings you here?”
“Why did you take our baby?” Steve asked right off the back not taking any time to breathe between each word.
“Luna! Come out from hiding my dear!” Steve yelled from the living room. “I know you don’t want to go to the doctors, but we have to. We need to get your eyes checked.”
Both of the boys walked back into the house into the open concept where the living room led to the kitchen. Tony was on the couch watching the live concert of AC/DC since he wasn’t able to go with Steve.
Steve sat with his hand in his lap looking around. “I’m nervous. I can’t wait to see her. I feel like my heart is racing out of my chest.”
“Alright, pumpkin eater,” Steve took her hand and lead her out of the room and back out to the tower forgetting about the ice cream.
Clint and Sam dragged the boy out of the ring and tied him to the chair in front of everyone. The man sat there looking at his lap and tapped his foot slightly.
After a restful night, everyone was getting ready for the big move and the party. The ‘living room’ was decked out with yellow and blue balloons and streamers even though it was only going to be Bruce, Nat, and Tony’s little family. The rest of the supers were coming later. A big banner that said: “Happy Birthday and Goodbye for Now”.
“Aunt Pepper I’m scared for dads,” Luna told her shaking. She kept her face buried in Newt’s fur. “I don’t want them to die.” Even though Luna might be twelve, but she has the mental mind of a ten-year-old. She is smarter than anyone when she puts her mind to it.
group training; mostly because he was usually partnered with Natasha and she easily laid him out on the mat. It was much more appealing to stay put in the warm bed with his baby, so he growled when Steve tried to tug him up.
“We shall see, Mister Stark. Until then, enjoy your stay. Oh, and don’t get too comfortable—I have a few instructions of my own that I would like to give you with the subject present.”
He could smell the concern radiating off of Steve, but he did not ask any questions, which Tony was thankful for. Steve stood and carried Tony bridal-style back to their room, gently laying him down on the large bed. Tony grabbed at him and pulled him down before he could get too far away, capturing his lips with a throaty whine.
Steve tried to bite back his smile as Tony babbled on, shifting himself down in his chair to make himself more comfortable. He couldn’t help the swell of affection that filled every nook and cranny in his chest, wanting so desperately to be home already just so he could hold them.
He combed his fingers through PJ’s hair as the boy silently looked at his book, mouthing the words again as he seemed to try and memorize them on his own. Tony flicked his gaze up to Pepper, offering her a sad smile. She shook her head in response, scooting over to kiss both his and the boy’s foreheads.
PJ pulled his shirt up over his face, hiding in the thin material. Feeling his heart break a little, Tony sat down, fully prepared to spend another few minutes attempting to calm the child.
“It’s about the device in your husband’s chest,” a second doctor said, pulling the sheets down slightly to reveal the light, “We aren’t sure what it is, but it has certainly been medically implanted. That is, it isn’t necessarily a foreign object that should be removed. In fact, when we tried, he went into shock. We replaced it, and within seconds, his vitals returned to normal. When he wakes up, you need to ask him what it is. I’m no engineer, but I have reason to believe that Mr. Stark-Rogers made the device himself.”
Which, of course, meant him, which is why he looked up at Vision when the android entered the jet and beckoned him over, motioning to his arm. Steve grit his teeth as Vision easily re-set it, breathing easier when he could flex his fingers without hurting.
disgusted by him, so Tony started to relax and let the Alpha pull him in to tuck him up against his chest. It was nice, really: the touch, the comfort, the smell of a content Alpha…It made him want to curl up against Steve and fall asleep, but then the parchment on the drafting table caught his eye.
Tony laughed and the four were off, headed to a called car to take them to a private airstrip to board one of Tony’s private jets. Of course, Tony reminded Steve of his promise of the Mile-High Club, but from the looks they got from both Rhodey and Bucky, they ended up sprawled over a couch in the airplane, snoring away.
“This is a one-time thing,” Steve murmured letting his legs fall open, “Got that? I don’t think this will keep up once we’re out of the woods.”
“Okay, okay, yeah, someone’s hyperactive today,” he snorted, keeping a tight hold on the boy as he took him into the bathroom, “We gotta get you cleaned up and into some clothes, okay? Then we can go run around. Can you be still for me? Just for a bit?”
Steve sighed and buried his head in his hands, but even the glow from the fire couldn’t hide the embarrassment that darkened the tips of his ears. He shook his head and leaned his cheek against his fist, staring into the embers.
“There it is, baby,” Tony managed, inwardly cursing the tears blurring his vision, “We’re hitched, its New York official—Wait, fuck, I need to get you a ring too—”
“That’s it, you have your fill, darling. Nice and relaxed,” Tony grit out, thunking his head against the side of the bathtub.
Now, with graduation on the horizon and college just over the hill, it was difficult to watch Steve be so domestic when Tony knew that Steve was going to have to leave him for months at a time. Sure, they’d have texting and snail mail, but he thrived on touch, and not having him there—
Nodding, the Captain crouched down, easily sitting crisscross on the floor. He tried to smile at PJ, but even Tony could tell that he was highly uncomfortable with the entire situation.
Bruce talked like he breathed torrential winds, which of course flew right over Tony’s sick-addled brain. All he could do was nod, weakly letting Bruce heft Peter up out of his arms. He thought that the babe might begin to cry again, but after a moment in the doctor’s arms, Peter settled, which soothed his worry.
PJ smacked his elephant against Tony’s chest with a whine, scrabbling his feet against Tony’s thigh.
“Shh, love, go ahead, you can eat without us,” He soothed, moving Peter up so he could latch on, “Poor thing, you must be—ah—so hungry.”
With one last furtive glance at Steve, Bruce nearly ran from the room. Tony mentally noted to ask Thor about the oddness he had witnessed, but the thought was quickly interrupted by hands on his back and legs. He squeaked and tightened his arms around Peter as he was unceremoniously shoved over, frowning when Steve then clambered into the already small bed and tucked himself up against him.
Turning, the Captain noticed a small spin-dial attached to the wall. Curious, he turned it all the way up.
“—This helped. I always had you with me, Cap. No matter what. Even—even when I was done with the cruelness of the world, you were right there, in my heart,” he continued lowly, pulling Steve in to wrap his arms around him, “Yeah? You’ve always been by my side, my love. Through everything. I just wanted you to catch up on the few stories you don’t remember.”
With Peter snuggled up to him to keep him warm, Tony leaned into Natasha’s shoulder and shut his eyes, willing his brain to slow down so he could focus on the bright heat radiating in his chest. It still burned with possession, but he dared to reach for it, feeling for a glimpse of Steve within the bond.
Steve blinked, then laughed, turning Tony around to pull their bodies flush together so he could kiss him better. He pecked soft butterfly kisses all over Tony’s face before landing on his lips, languidly drawing out the affection.
“Hey,” Rhodey said quietly, now untied and freed thanks to Natasha, “None of that now, Mama. You know Peter will get upset if you start to scent badly.”
In the faint glow of candlelight, the young Omega prince hurriedly packed his knapsack with shaking hands, double and triple-checking it to confirm that he had remembered all the necessities for the long trip ahead. He cinched the bag shut and tied a rolled-up winter blanket on top, then donned it and a wineskin full of goat’s milk. Sweat had accumulated on his palms so he wiped them off on his pants, clenching and unclenching the fabric in an effort to still his nerves. With one final glance around the room, he grabbed his family crest and slipped it over his neck, tucking the expensively jeweled pendant under his shirt to hide it. Silent, he blew out the candle and headed for the window, expertly climbing out and closing it behind himself before beginning the three-story descent to the ground. The height of the castle was making him more nauseous than he already was, and the cool wind blowing on his face did nothing to alleviate his fear. Rather, sweat had slicked up his palms once more, and in the effort to scale down quickly, he slipped twice, seizing his heart and bringing up bile to his throat.
, “If you don’t want to come out for a bit, that’s okay, but I promise we weren’t saying anything bad about you—I mean, here—”
The two boys wrestled around on the grass until Miss Hill came over to pull them apart, sighing as they both giggled at her. Tony smiled at the scene and held Tasha a little tighter, only to have the look wiped off of his face.
“Don’t worry. It’ll all work out,” She said quietly, “And if he gives you any trouble, you tell me. I will personally make sure he suffers.”
Leaning his head back, Tony settled but was unable to rest, staring at the ceiling as his muddy thoughts mulled over his predicament. It was a lot better than what his father would have done to him had he stayed, and he supposed he should be grateful—other than Steve’s inability to listen, he
“Hey, that’s not a bad idea. Maybe I could put it in a teddy for you,” Tony said, pressing his lips to PJ’s forehead as the boy went through his book again, “What do you think, kiddo, hm? Maybe that’d help you sleep at night.”
“T’Challa, keep Shuri working on her sonic echolocator and see if she can get any more information about the depth of the complex. Tell her she can use JARVIS if she wants a second hand on board,” he said, pulling the Black Panther aside, “And…tell her thank you. Its always good to have another brain on board, and I only want the best. She’s invaluable and I’m glad she is part of the team.”
He carefully curled his hand around PJ’s, holding it with a light grip as not to scare him. Satisfied with the new development, PJ held tight to Tony’s hand as Tony led them to the kitchen, disposing of the multitude of gross tissues from his pocket before attempting to wash his hands. Realizing PJ wasn’t going to let go, he settled with hoisting up the boy to the sink with murmured soothing words, deciding they would both wash their hands at the same time. As soon as they were both clean, Tony turned to set PJ down, letting go of the boy for a moment.
“Is everything alright? You left the dining hall so quickly,” he asked, nodding at Thor to have him join their conversation, “Do you need to leave? I want to know what is going on.”
“Alright, alright. No more kisses,” he teased, “You settling down now that Daddy feels a little better?”
“Peter? PJ?” Tony asked, swallowing his pain as he dropped off the mattress and onto his knees, “Is that you, baby?”
Tony let out a victorious whoop when he came up with the sifter and the cocoa, grinning at PJ’s slightly startled look. He quickly sifted the cocoa into the hot milk, whisking it in until he was satisfied with the color.
He stuttered for a moment and cleared his throat, nervously sliding his hand down to the small of Tony’s back before retracting it completely, unsure of himself. Tony grabbed his hand and placed it on his back again, smiling when Steve seemed to gain a little more confidence.
“Why would he want to do that?” Steve asked, idly tapping Bucky’s leg, “He’s bent on creating a new wave of super soldiers, and it failed. I figured he’d go into hiding again.”
“Nothing bad, my friend. Simply a good meal and good company—you have yet to be introduced to the others, no? I will introduce you while the Prime fixes you a plate.”
“We should still take him down to medical,” Bruce advised, watching them both with a keen eye, “I want a CAT scan on him, anyway. Plus, they can give us a better judgment on how to proceed with making sure he gets his strength back and how to continue to help him to cope. From what Steve was saying, he had a pretty bad nightmare, yes?”
They rode for what felt like hours, never once dropping out of a gallop until the sounds of battle were gone. Even then, they pressed on until Clint felt comfortable enough to slow down to a trot, but he still kept his bow drawn. Tony felt drained, and Peter did not seem to be doing much better, as he was whimpering against his father’s neck.
Tony bit his lip and tucked his face into Peter’s cheek, taking a moment to breathe in the baby’s fresh scent. He had thought much more about Mary in the past weeks than he had when she had died. After Bruce had asked him to talk, he had begun to see all the little bits of Mary in Peter, and now with Rhodey’s arrival, he wanted to ask about her but was afraid to have confirmed what he already knew.
, you should have asked before you dropped that bomb on me, what am I going to do when we don’t get a real wedding or honeymoon or
He moved to clap a hand on Tony’s shoulder, but paused, only to gently lay his hand down and squeeze softly. Once he was up and gone, Tony fell back on his bed and splayed out his arms, closing his eyes against the persistent, itchy thrum of anxiety that crawled under his skin.
“Haven’t gotten to that part yet. Just wanted to make sure I told you that I love you and am proud of you for being true to yourself.”
“Okay, I’m out,” Tony finally said, shuddering as he handed his papers over to Natasha, “I—shit, that’s messed up. Even for an evil organization. And I don’t even
Steve kept a few paces behind them, hands shoved in his pockets. Tony could feel his eyes on his back and shivered under the Captain’s watchful gaze, unable to make direct eye contact with him. Approaching the room, PJ stopped, then backed up a few steps. Tony raised an eyebrow, then heard the commotion; he rolled his eyes, crouching back down to the boy’s height.
“Well, he did not try to jump us, so better than expected,” Clint drawled, barely dodging the hand that tried to smack him, “Hey!”
“Yeah. He better,” Tony mumbled, stroking Peter’s back, “Could—could you leave me to rest? I feel quite tired.”
“I don’t usually have the time anymore. Most of my expertise comes from old Carbonell or Jarvis family recipes, and they take hours of prep. Sometimes I cook when you guys are off on a mission. Fewer people around, so the prep takes less time. Less volume to prep, that is.”
Jarvis sat back to reach into his inner suit pocket, pulling out a small album. He placed it on Tony’s lap, putting a finger on top of it to keep it closed.
“That’s so cute,” Steve said under his breath, uncapping his thermos to take a swallow, “Oh my god, this is delicious—”
“Fear not, friend. Our Prime is quite kind and does not expect any sort of customary proceedings from you,” Thor said as he nodded in understanding, “The Southern cities are well known for their harsh customs, yes? Especially of royal Omegas. We have no such customs here. You have the same freedoms as everyone else in the castle. Though, when the time comes, you may be asked to mother the Prime’s child, but that would be long down the road. Other than that, you are as free as you—Tony?”
The once blinding fluorescence of the overhead lights seemed like a distant comfort now that the inky blackness of the room began to seep into his bones. He tried to cry out for help, but the mask over his face and liquid in his lungs kept the noise firm in his throat. Frightened, he tried to move, but quickly realized he could not feel his body, save for flicking his eyes back and forth in terror; he struggled until exhaustion crept through the few muscles he could move, causing him to sink into the complete darkness.
“Hello, my love. Did you enjoy your time with Miss Natasha?” Tony said, turning to play-bite at the baby’s fingers, “You have stayed so quiet and calm today, despite all that is going on. You have your mama’s strength, hm?”
Tony would have felt him hard and leaking against his hip when he pulled their bodies together. He had tried to control his breathing and keep his thoughts pure, as he figured Tony was really only seeking warmth and comfort. Then the asshole had to go and grind them together as he settled under Steve.
“We lost a few soldiers,” he continued roughly, “Natasha will provide a listing so the families can grieve. For now, we will rest. And as consolation--”
“Don’t put this on you, J. It’s always been them. Howard, in particular, but them. Never you. You did what you thought was right,” Tony mumbled, voice breaking.
“You alright?” he eventually asked, propping his elbow on his thigh and his hand on his cheek, “You seem a little less like you want to toss him off of you and scrub your skin raw.”
Both men looked at each other for a moment before looking down at the boy, who was still asleep and much too pale against the sheet that covered him.
Tony felt the dizzy spell coming on and quickly put Peter back down, barely managing to get the infant settled when it hit him full force and he collapsed onto his bed, groaning as black spots fuzzed his vision. He heard a rustling and loud thumps, then felt someone touching him, gently shaking his arm.
Tired and spent, he wanted to collapse on top of Steve, but he was sure the man was over-sensitized and needed some space. Gingerly, he pulled out his softening cock and helped Steve ease his legs down, then splashed up some of the lake water to clean up what he could.
Tony sighed, but he knew Coulson was serious, so he nodded and let his eyes glaze over. He’d nearly mastered sleeping with his eyes open, but as he was drifting in and out, the class erupted into giggles, pulling Tony from his thoughts. He looked over at Steve, lips twitching into a smile to see how red his best friend’s face and ears were.
“I should have killed you when I had the chance,” Steve snarled back, overtop of Thor and Clint’s rapid translating, “He could have said no if he wanted to--”
“Then why is he not good enough for you? He would not be old enough to understand why we suddenly have to take away time with him to give to a new child. We keep going around in circles on this topic and yet you continue to push and prod. I am not even saying no to another baby! I am saying
“Evening, fellas. What can I do for you?” He said, attempting to keep his cool, despite the advancing agents.
“Change the subject,” Bruce interrupted from his desk, “Talk about something that will not raise the tension in the room. I do not want Peter to be set off and stress out the Prime. The last thing we need is to have to drag him back down to the dungeons.”
. He moved down to the light jutting out of Tony’s chest, running through the hundreds of possibilities as to what possible function it could serve. Whatever it was, it was too close to important things for him to want to fiddle with it, so instead, he caught the attention of one of the paramedics watching his vitals, motioning toward one of the large first-aid kits.
Tony nodded in agreement, only to stop at Natasha’s piercing stare. He gulped, hurriedly wracking his brain for Steve’s
Tony grinned, watching PJ start to inspect the device closer. He poked a bit at the glass, seemingly testing its integrity before laying down next to it, snuggled into Tony’s chest. Keeping his fingertips over the glow, he looked at the book in Tony’s hand before looking back up, waiting.
“You deserved that,” he said in between kisses, feeling Steve’s posture stiffen, “Don’t even try to tell me you didn’t, you
The noise around him was drowned out by a building pressure in his chest and skull, making him feel like his bones were filling with iced water and weighing him down. He remembered the sky, sunny and blue, changing to the white roof of the ambulance, to a flicker of the sky again and then the tiled ceiling of what he assumed was the hospital. A flurry of doctors came to his side, trying to get him to concentrate, answer questions, move limbs—
. It was like every nerve in his body lit up at once; Tony inhaled sharply and his eyes went wide. He sat very still as Steve proceeded to sniff him over, growling anytime he so much as twitched. Usually, it was a bit attractive to have his Alpha be so possessive over him, but given the sea of blank faces staring at them, Tony could only feel cold fear.
“Stark’s cavalry arrived under the cover of fog,” Thor explained as he handed each of them a pack, “These packs should give you enough necessities to survive for a while.”
“It’s Italian. It means young child or babe,” he explained, looking away, “My mom used to call me that when I was younger.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but squeezed his hand in thanks, turning his head to look at Rhodey and Bucky.
“It’s okay. Do you want one of us to be in there with you?” He asked, “We don’t have to close the door, either. No one will walk by, if it’s being in a small place that’s scary.”
“I’m…having trouble…emotionally,” he tried to explain, fumbling over his words, “I, ah, am interested in someone, but I’m not sure how to find out if they are interested back.”
“Papa’s not blue. Sorry, honey. I’m one of a kind,” he tried, figuring he was asking if Steve had a hidden light.
Tony fumbled for the call-nurse button, pressing it rapidly until he heard shoes running down the hall. When the harried nurse opened the door, he quietly asked for Steve. The nurse nodded and left, giving him mere seconds to think through what he was going to say.
Steve’s laughter filled his ear and Tony smiled, silently thanking whoever was out there for giving him the best husband in the world.
He took a moment to collect himself, heaving against the wall as the pains in his chest subsided to a persistent throb. Thunking his head back against the concrete, Tony groaned quietly and opened his eyes, allowing himself point-five seconds of self-pity before forcing himself to his feet again. Walking around the room, he counted his sluggish steps, mentally constructing a blueprint of the room in case he would need it. Once he was assured in his calculations, he finally went back to the beds, allowing himself to lay down on a mattress.
He choked up and bit his lip to try and calm himself, pinching the bridge of his nose to keep from crying more. Hands snaked onto his hips as Steve drew them together, mindful of Peter between them. He kissed Tony’s forehead and did the same with Peter as he rubbed Tony’s sides to try and help comfort him.
He grabbed up the thermos and quickly squeezed Steve’s pec, gently kissing the man’s side to try and distract him from the pain. Steve cried out and clutched at Tony’s leg, making him grunt from being manhandled by a super soldier.
“Good—good job, did so well for me, I’m so sorry it hurt though, darling,” He murmured, running his hand down Steve’s side as he played with his sweat-soaked hair, “We need to get dressed and head into sleep. Or find a place to wash.”
“If I were him, I wouldn’t either. I’ve known that brat since he was in diapers and he’s always been stuck to Steve’s side, whether it be in class or on the playground. We used to call them Mom and Dad, it was so bad.”
to him before bedtime. Sure, he was too old for the book, but it was one of his favorites, and mama’s voice when she read Miss Clavel—
For his troubles, Tony got a stuffed bear to the face and he laughed. “You gotta wake up, kid. We’re going to land soon.”
But none of that would happen. Because life didn’t always work out as it had been planned and things didn’t always go the way that people wanted. Instead, Tony took a deep breath and opened a new group chat, quickly picking out a handful of people that he hoped he could trust to dampen the wildfire of the rumour mill.
“Of course, darling,” Nurse Rogers continued smoothly, as though nothing had happened out of the ordinary. She seemed like the sort of person that could never be fazed by anything, and Tony already admired her.
“If you are going to spend our walk being pissy, just know I am not falling for that trap of an argument. I am going to enjoy the outdoors, and you can decide if you want to enjoy it with me,” He said as he tied it around his neck, snuggling into its warmth.
Steve laughed and resumed his task, having to press kisses all over Tony’s chest to distract him from the cleaning. Thankfully, the rest of him didn’t take very long to wash, and his anxiety had simmered down enough that he could stand under the shower to rinse out his hair. Once they were both dried and into new clothes and a new hospital robe, Steve picked Tony back up in his arms, ignoring his husband’s indignant grumbles. He carried Tony back to his freshly cleaned bed, unable to help himself from crawling into the bed and cuddling up.
He scooped the baby up and glared at Steve again, keeping his chin up as he walked past the Alpha. It was slightly difficult to ignore Steve’s increasing growls of annoyance behind him, but Tony continued to walk, taking them to the throne room where some of the other Warlords had gathered for their meeting with the Prime. They barely registered Tony entering the room, but Steve’s pungent scent had them all turning in surprise. Tony made eye contact with Sam and gave him a slight nod of acknowledgment, then proceeded to sit himself down on Steve’s throne with Peter cradled in his lap.
Thankfully, the guard hadn’t seemed to notice that PJ had scooted around the two of them, standing behind them both as he cowered. However, once Tony’s neck had been sliced open, a deep anger welled up in the boy’s body, to the point where he reached out, and with one good yank, pulled the guard away and hurtled him into the back of the truck. The guard smacked against the divide with a sharp crack, slumping down into the bed of the truck. Able to gulp down breaths, Tony turned to look at PJ, but decided that addressing the sudden strength could wait.
“We did. But we’re also good at our jobs,” Steve snorted, letting PJ down once the boy started to wiggle, “I think SHIELD is starting to form an attack plan while we still know where the main base is. Some of the others are already on site and I might go back to help.”
Needless to say, Tony was thoroughly embarrassed, but Steve ignored it and hefted him up out of the bed once he was disconnected from the various machines placed around his bed. He easily carried Tony into the en-suite and set him down on his feet, hushing him when he started to complain.
Then, as if on cue, Peter began to cry, dissolving into a loud wail faster than he ever had before. Tony immediately backed down and tried to soothe the baby, much more concerned with him than Steve’s ridiculous antics.
He stayed like that, watching PJ breathe in and out until he was sure that the child wouldn’t wake again. Standing with a grunt, Tony kept PJ close to his chest as he started the walk back to the Tower. He’d barely made it across the sidewalk when the snap of a twig caught his ear; holding PJ a bit tighter, Tony picked up his pace just a bit, trying not to alert whoever was out that he had heard them. Reaching for his phone, he suddenly realized he was in silk pajamas and loafers, and not at all equipped for a fight.
Nat rolled her eyes and snatched the shirt back, putting it on the boy normally. Even though it still swamped him, Nat rolled up the bottom hem and tied it between his legs, creating a makeshift onesie.
“Don’t push it,” She said as she dropped the device from her sleeve to the ground, smiling as she crushed it with her Louboutin heel.
Tony snapped his head up and growled back, baring his teeth as he stepped into Steve’s space to let the Alpha know who
“Steve?” Tony snapped his fingers in front of the blond, concerned eyes looking down at him, “You in there? Or are you still overtaken by my dashing good looks?”
when she’d talk about you and Barnes. Howard would tease her about it, especially since she’d tear up when I asked where you were. ‘I don’t know, love,’ she’d say, and pick me up to sit on her knees, ‘But wherever he is, he’s being a hero. And one day, he’ll come back. If not in time for me, for you. We need him, you know.’”
“Look at you, thinking we would come out here and you would have a second round trying to bed me,” Tony murmured, emphasizing his point by pinching Steve’s nipples, “If you think I am just a body to warm your cock, you are sorely mistaken.”
Blinking through his haze, Tony leaned over to look over the edge, seeing Clint and Bucky on the ground, the former waving what looked like a frisbee at him.
“Dude, I have no idea,” Scott answered, relieved to toss his packet onto the floor, “You’d think the bad guys would have
“I know you do, but somebody has to look out for you before you get knotted on some asshole you regret bonding with,” Rhodey said, patting Tony’s back, “And, seeing as he’s already gone to town on your nipples, I am a
“I’m old, Rogers, leave me be,” He grumbled, letting PJ pluck a tissue from the box to clean off his own face.
Everyone stared at Steve, who pointedly was not making eye contact, staring down at where he was using his canteen to wash off the inside of his shield. With, presumably, the last bit of his water.
He’d gotten in touch with Loki the next break period, paid him 500 in cash for all the weed on him, and smoked out the boys’ gym room until it set the sprinklers off. Sure, he was caught, considering he reeked of marijuana, but Howard paid off the school to keep it quiet and beat him that night until he puked on the floor of the kitchen.
“Kind of. I mean, I knew I had a thing for fellas. You just didn’t kiss your best friend when you were in middle school,” he sniffled, “But I never really thought—I didn’t put a name on it. I figured it was just you, and that you did things to me, and that was that. Ma nearly laughed me to death when I told her though. She said, “it’s about time,” and told me we were having barbeque for dinner. And—look, I don’t expect you to—”
“Those boxes have clothes,” Steve pointed to a stack in one corner, “And the boxes in the living room are mostly book and toys. A team meeting sounds like a good idea. Hopefully, after that—"
