“Behind you,” Sherlock said, unfazed, as he ducked down, narrowly missing the stake Mycroft sent flying through the head of the vampire beside him. “I haven’t seen this much legwork from you in years, brother mine,” he commented, running around the horde of newborn vampires towards  his brother, who had picked up weapons from the pile that had been confiscated from Sherlock, Greg, and John.
?” She asked, turning her attention from the detective to the DI, who had moved to the side of the room when she came in and was now looking up at her a bit sheepishly.
“Divide and conquer, I suppose,” John answered, looking up at him. Sherlock smiled and pulled his scarf tighter.
Feeling a bit light-headed, John let out a chuckle, raising a free hand and resting it on Mycroft's elbow. “Don't say I didn't warn you.”
for a living. No one dies, you get to move on with your existence, and I don't have to come back and kill you.” John pointed at himself. “Everyone wins, except for the people you've already killed. I'm still not sure how I'm going to sort that one out; I'm half tempted to leave it to you, if you can promise you're not going to overlook the victims' families.”
“What does this have to do with you?” Sherlock asked, arms crossed. John was surprised he wasn't tapping his foot yet out of sheer impatience.
“We’ve taken on plenty of vampires - less than a week ago, as it so happens,” Sherlock said, reminding John of their alleyway escapades in East London.
John then turned to face Lestrade, whose expression of shock was tempered only by his years of practice looking calm while working as a police officer.
John recognized only moments of consciousness among the blackness that otherwise overwhelmed him. He felt himself walking towards the edge of the roof, then, seemingly instantly, he felt himself putting a vampire in the sights of his rifle. After the first shot hit its target, John heard distant cheers from his men. After the fifth, John didn’t hear or feel anything beyond the sound of himself shifting position on the roof, taking aim at one of the invaders on the ground, and firing. When he ran out of rounds, John dropped the rifle absently and walked back down the stairs.
“You're sure this is the same person doing this?” John asked, finally prying his eyes from the woman.
The stress, pain, and tension of the night reached its peak, and was washed away as the pair began laughing, both aware of how unusual their situation was. Finally, John stopped chuckling and shook his head as he sighed.
“With that accent, you're from Germany. Easy.” The detective began to pace. “Your choice of words and speech patterns point to being relatively poorly educated. Your clothes, however, are well-made, nowhere close to being in your budget. Newly turned, or you would have taken longer restrain. You're an underling, obviously, and someone's paying you well to do whatever you've been charged with doing. Of course, they probably didn't expect you to come out to a bar to brag about your position, but that's none of my concern, is it?” Sherlock said, smiling insincerely. John wondered how he had figured out a way to apply his powers of deduction to vampires.
“As we entered the building, opposing sides, I felt him pause, and knew he sensed me too. Immediately, it became a race to see who could kill Mr. Holmes first. Sherlock, I do hope you understand that my intent was solely to speak with your brother; a discussion among friends. However, knowing that our enemies were also aware of Mycroft’s unique set of skills, the circumstances made it so that he had to be claimed. If I did not turn him, the others would have. And that, I am afraid, I could not allow to happen.”
“You can call in your police contacts anytime,” John said, tonelessly, glancing towards Lestrade, who seemed in better spirits now that the fighting was over. “I think you’ll find Sebastian Moran’s records are sealed, but a warrant for his arrest is still pending. My people will contact you regarding handing him over.” He met Lestrade’s eyes, and the other man nodded.
“Nothing has changed!” Jonathan yelled back. “Vampires and humans are not compatible - will not be, cannot be. And I will ensure it.”
There were entrances to the underground of the bridge in several places, most of which were heavily barred and used only by tourist groups. However, Sherlock was confident that he could find his way in - it couldn’t be harder than Baskerville, and even if it was, the pair had plenty of time before dark. Sure enough, after twenty minutes of searching and intense analysis of maps, Sherlock found a disused emergency exit in a quiet alley. Like the farmhouse in the city, it seemed almost as though the alley itself were supernaturally shielded from prying eyes. Sherlock wasn’t sure he could have found it, map or no map, without John’s assistance; it was a strange shift in roles.
John smiled uncomfortably. “Sorry.” He stepped past Molly and looked into the hall, then returned to group. “What I'd really like to know is how it got in.”
Mycroft bent down further, dragging his teeth against John's throat and deepening the cut, running a hand through John's hair until he had enough of a handful to pull it to the side. As unconnected thoughts flitted through John's mind, it occurred to him that the deep gashes found on the bodies of some of the victims must have been due to Mycroft not simply biting down and drawing blood, but by fiercely wounding them.
“I plan to run some tests on the blood samples, I feel it may be more useful now, knowing what they're from. Is there anything else I can do?” Sherlock asked.
“My name is George,” he answered. “We have a mutual friend in one Mr. John Watson, I believe – and we must return to London at once.”
Moriarty circled around him, more cat-like than ever as an immortal. “Better than that. Normal vampires are impressive, certainly,” he flexed a hand, and watched the torchlight shine off of skin as hard as granite. “But they’re too independent - I think we can do better. Dracula, after all, could create monomaniacal servants - or so we’ve been reliably informed.”
John, sitting up properly, stretched an arm out and looked around for the nearest cup of cold tea. Not finding one, he stood and walked towards Sherlock, looking down at the photographs, which had been arranged in a order he was sure only the detective could understand. He pulled a picture from the most recent murder towards himself.
Making the most of his opponent’s dazed state, Mycroft swung the rifle in his hands against the side of Sebastian’s temple, and the man fell to the floor. John knew he couldn’t count on his unconsciousness very long, and tried to make the most of it. Using his shorter height, he swung into the larger vampire of the two holding Sherlock, and brought a knee into the vampire’s ribcage with enough force to temporarily break some bones. More angry than pained, the vampire released its grip on Sherlock and began reaching for John’s neck. John pulled a slim dagger from the waistband of the vampire’s jeans and with a few quick slashes separated its neck far enough from its body that it would take a few hours to heal, at the very least. This done, he moved over to Greg’s captor and took him on in a similar fashion.
“Dracula’s Book of the Undead,” John said, voice rough, as he looked between the men in front of him. He was angry - no - jealous? Yes, that was it. Not for the first time, but it was the first time he correctly identified the emotion as it related to Sherlock.
John nodded, and zipped his coat up a little farther against the cold air. “So many uncertainties. I don’t like it.”
“No?” Moriarty asked rhetorically. He ignored John continued to speak. “It was said…” he murmured, softly running a hand across the rich wet dirt. “It was said that Dracula could raise an army of the dead, and allow them to walk in the daylight as he did.”
John stood in front of his chair, unmoving, as he listened to the doors a floor below him close. All that remained in the room was himself, Sherlock, and a silence broken only by the clock, and the creak of floorboards as Sherlock stood up.
John shook his head and looked away, moving closer to Mycroft.“What do you remember about what happened? And when were you turned? This has to be recent, you kidnapped me last month to find out why Sherlock was forging your signature to get into the archives on that museum case. You were definitely alive then.”
John braced himself further, but knew he was right - he had very little power left to fight Sebastian, much less stay conscious.
“Fair enough.” Sherlock stood and walked back towards the kitchen quickly, a bit annoyed, but aware that sunset was fast approaching.
“Oh, God. I’ve just called back an entire army and I don’t have a plan yet,” John said, watching Sherlock as he slipped past. Sherlock headed towards the kitchen table, letting go of his load of cameras and opening up his computer.
“You've killed my children, how rude of you,” a voice called from the darkness. A man, dressed surprisingly similar to Mycroft, stepped from the darkness. Standing with his hands behind his back and smiling serenely, he observed the four people before him with a look of amusement. The man was middle-aged and short, with silver hair that shone blue in the light,  and flipped over a phone in his right hand every so often.
Sherlock smiled. “I imagine so.” He would, still, like to hear more about John’s past life, the life he hadn’t been privy to until recently, but was willing to wait. As long as John’s spirits kept up he was content.
“Sherlock, you’ve been wondering about the war. Sebastian,” he added, glancing up at Sherlock briefly. Sherlock nodded, and John slowly tried to put his thoughts in order.
Greg sighed and pushed harder at the door. A crack could be heard, then the door swung slightly inwards. He gestured at it. “Shall we?”
The head rolled across the dirt, slowing to a stop near the entrance to the barn. John walked over to it, and turned it over with the tip of his shoe.
For the first time that night, John saw a familiar tall blond head across the crowd. Stalking across the yard single-mindedly, Sebastian had a rifle of his own slung across his back and appeared to be heading in the general direction of the treasury.
“I mean, it’s terrible, and my mother will be unhappy, but it’s a great plan. Mycroft thrives under pressure, certainly better than anyone else I’ve ever met. I'm sure he'll be able to track down our opponents without much trouble - they aren't exactly keeping to themselves.”
Lestrade accepted that his desire to get in and out as quickly as possible wasn’t appealing to the others. He shrugged and assented. Molly put her computer under one of her arms, pulled out the key card to her room, and began to walk to the door. “See the both of you later?”
John, with a sense of surprised excitement, could feel Sherlock growing hard against the leg that was pressed between the taller man’s thighs. Accordingly, he pushed forward gently, assessing Sherlock’s reaction to the friction. When Sherlock pushed back against him, John accepted this as a positive response.
“It connects the two, which is good enough for me to justify my being here to London,” Greg said, putting down one of his folders with a sense of finality.
John rolled his shoulders, stretching, and muttered,“Your choice,” walking forward to greet the darkness.
“You can break his control of you, you just need to think a little,” John said, getting low so that if his opponent tried another run at him, he wouldn’t be able to knock him over.
“It’s like there used to be another vault there,” John observed. This particular compartment seemed to be several times wider and deeper than any of the others.
“Stop that,” John replied as he jerked Sherlock closer by his lapels, his fangs making the movement appear much more threatening than intended.
“That was the appetizer, making sure the book was functional. This is the main course,” he said, stopping at the foot of one grave and looking down at it, thoughtful. “We’re going to create daywalkers.”
John diverged and took a different approach. “You’re betting an awful lot on having used the right book.” If he had an ace up his sleeve, this was his last chance to use it. “Sebastian’s going to need to ask himself where he found that book - the second basement, or the third. I hope working for these guys was worth it,” he added, shooting Sebastian a fiery glance.
“The book states that it can be done, and it will be - tonight,” he said, staring into John’s eyes a little longer before releasing him. “The things that book could tell you…” He walked towards Sherlock again, leaning in towards his ear, and murmured, just loud enough for John to hear, “we could bring back Dracula himself, if we wanted to.”
He led the way upstairs, and immediately took the second flight up to John’s room. John, yawning, entered the sitting room, and had to blink for a few moments to adjust to the darkness. Black curtains had been thrown over the drapes across the windows. The kitchen was equally dark, and in his haste to see Greg, John nearly tripped over a footstool.
Sherlock was the wild card. John had often watched, amused, as his friend practiced baritsu. It wouldn’t be his martial art of choice, but Sherlock seemed to be competent enough. He’d made sure to teach Sherlock how to shoot a gun properly long ago, so that was an option. Hand-to-hand combat was a little more hit-or-miss, but in general, more hit than miss.
As he turned into the main room, he saw Sherlock absently plucking at his violin, staring at the pale, older man across from himself. Typing on the phone in one of his hands, Mycroft smiled and turned.
Sherlock didn’t answer, instead coming closer and wrapping John in a hug. The pair was quiet, simply breathing in and out for a few moments.
“I didn't know what to do,” Mycroft said, looking down and following the hands of his watch as they ticked by. A few drops of blood had managed to make their way through the glass and had stained the face; the fleeting notion that it was an adequate representation of how he was spending his time as of late came and went. “I didn't know what to do. I tried to ignore it, the all-consuming obsession. I could walk down the street and hear every single heart around me beating.”
By his calculation, a litre would do it. It would cover the major injuries and probably most of the superficial cuts, but maybe not the deeper ones. It didn't matter – he'd used less on worse injuries. Pulling out one bag, he untwisted the top and held it between his fingers, sitting back on the edge of his bed frame. Toasting the night, he tilted his head back and drank, emptying the bag and leaving only a single drop of blood on the edge of his mouth. Wiping it away, he stood and faced the mirror. His skin was flushed and his breathing was stronger. By the time he made it down the stairs he knew he would no longer be injured, and be able to tackle the more pressing issue of explaining himself to three men who could easily get him jail time.
“I do need to take a case soon, though,” Sherlock agreed, putting his own arm overtop John’s to pull him closer. “The blog needs an update.”
“And they don't attract any attention, these vampires? It seems as though it would be something vampire hunters would frown upon.”
As the dream faded, John heard his own screaming before he even opened his eyes. Thrown back suddenly into wakefulness, he looked ahead of himself, and met a different pair of blue eyes, which he immediately moved away from, panting with fear. These eyes were calmer, less threatening, and as John got his bearings he relaxed. He looked at Sherlock and closed his moth, moving his jaw a bit.
“No,” John agreed. “But I know that I'll have to. I haven't forgotten. I'm going to meet someone I served with this evening, actually. An old friend of mine.”John's phone, which sat on the coffee table, vibrated quietly as though to confirm this. “I'm hoping a meeting will be able to shed some light on some of the things that have happened in the last twenty-four hours.”
“Daywalkers-?” John started, and was tempted to start walking forward when Sebastian turned and gestured at him with his rifle. He moved back into place.  “You can’t turn a vampire that way,” John said seriously. “That’s not how it works.”
John sighed, and Sherlock wasn’t sure if he was going to reply at all when he finally spoke. “It’s more likely Moriarty was trying to get in a dig. Emotion trips you up when you’re trying to work, Sherlock – Dracula does the same to me. A great distraction.”
"I don't want to sit down," John answered, recalling the response he gave the first time he met Mycroft.
In the darkness, he couldn’t see the tentative smile that pulled at John’s lips, but he felt the mood in the room get slightly warmer all the same.
As though in a daze, one not entirely due to blood loss, Sherlock stared at the ceiling. John sliced open his right hand thumb, and ran the pad of the finger across the wounds in Sherlock’s neck. The shallow holes healed rapidly, as did John’s self-inflicted cut. Were he in a state to consider it, Sherlock would have been keen to plan an experiment using John’s blood. As it was, he could hardly remember his own name.
John ran a hand down his face as he looked out the window, his body present but his mind far away. “I always remember,” he murmured.
of shoes and the squeak of gurney wheels dimly registered in his brain full seconds after their sources had rushed by in front of his eyes. The material of his chair was scratchy – odd, he didn’t remember sitting – and the cushion was understuffed, so that the wood frame dug into his thighs as he leaned forward heavily and folded his hands in front of his face.
“Bastards,” Sherlock whispered, with a venom in his voice that surprised even him. “Couldn’t even wait till I came on, I suppose?”
Anger flared briefly up behind Sherlock’s eyes, but he quelled it and pushed it aside, clambering swiftly out of the cab. Aware suddenly of where they were – and of how many people were still milling about in the lobby despite the late hour – he took a few deep, steadying breaths as he watched the cab pull away. The case may be finished, but they still had to be careful.
John swallowed painfully, and pulled back to look him square in the face, searching for some uncertainty, some doubt, some revulsion at this whole awful affair.
“I thought you didn’t know my name.” His mind was whirling, excitement and amazement tumbling over each other.
They were on a case, they couldn’t do this, they absolutely couldn’t do this now, but they were so close,
Her eyes immediately clouded over with guilt again, and John felt something other than bile rise up in his throat.
“Right.” John nodded, absently. “Well, I’m not sure how it would work with the taper-off plan you’re on, but I’ll look into it, okay?”
call her. You just sit down and relax.” Lestrade’s voice was firm but his eyes were sympathetic. He gave Sherlock’s shoulder a squeeze and then moved off into the corner to find the number.
As if conjured out of thin air, a crowd of people spilled out of the sitting room and into the hall, all shouting and cheering and raising teetering glasses of champagne.
He felt his face flush again. It was a bit transparent, showing off like this, but then, Sherlock’s eyebrows were raised with interest, and he looked happy for a chat…
John waited. He knew Sherlock had heard him, but whether he had anything to say himself was another matter. Maybe John would have to wait until later.
A smiling grey-haired woman emerged from the sitting room and followed Mycroft toward the door, but John was already hurrying after Mr. Holmes down the street.
He hardly knew what to think or feel – his mind was cycling though so many emotions, they couldn’t land on any one longer than a couple seconds. All of a sudden, nothing seemed real, the happiness that had been flooding through him not five minutes ago gone like a trace of smoke that had billowed out the open window. Now he just felt – hollow.
This year it was being held in some sort of modern art gallery – at least, that’s what Sherlock guessed it was, given the mostly bare grey walls, save for a few scattered pictures of naked people and corporate logos. But they’d all been mostly covered by tinsel, and everyone was too busy either picking through hors d’oeuvres or awkwardly swaying on the makeshift dance floor to some synth-heavy popular tune to pay them much attention. Sherlock and John were clustered in a corner next to a large canvas featuring four bare male bottoms, and John was deep in conversation with Dimmock about the new prime minister.
“Hello?” His voice sounded raspy and heavy; he swallowed, and tried to imbue it with some levity. “Hi. Yes. How are you?”
He knew he’d promised Harry to be back for Christmas, but…in the back of his mind he’d half hoped he could skive her off, and claim he needed more time here to get the book done. But now that it was practically finished, just needed a few more scenes to wrap up the loose threads…
much unlike Mycroft’s was his handsome sharp jawline and light blue eyes, with long eyelashes that a shade lighter than the soft blond fringe they sat under. He wore a light blue button-down underneath a grey jacket, with his hands clasped behind his back, seemingly ready for orders.
John dreaded going to work now. Every time he walked into the office, he was the first thing he saw – hunched over his desk, immaculately gorgeous as ever, and never looking up.
He rang, and at least a full minute passed before someone opened the door; an elderly, angry-looking woman, whose scowl faded as she looked up at him.
“I love you.” Sherlock said again, barely louder than a whisper of air. “Don’t ever leave me here alone.”
Sherlock looked at him for a second. He considered this for a moment, but knew immediately that it couldn’t be true. No, if Dad really believed that, then he had to be wrong at least about one thing. Because Sherlock knew – it had been the only thing he’d known for certain since this whole ordeal began. There was no one else in the world like John Watson, and there never would be.
, and maybe he could just kip for a couple minutes before something else made him get up, before this perfect, peaceful space was driven away…
“We’ll have to get you some different painkillers,” Sherlock declared, watching him intently from where he was perched on the coffee table. “The ones they’ve got you on are hurting you more than they’re helping.”
“Get off, you big bully!” Sherlock shouted, and he tried to pry the fingers away from him as he flopped around. They were too strong, but Dad relented, releasing him and letting him drop back onto the sofa.
They kissed deeply, a slow sort of urgency guiding their movements. Sherlock pulled John close by the hand still holding his face, and John pushed his fingers back through Sherlock’s curls and held him firmly at the base of his skull. John’s tongue pushed past Sherlock’s lips, stroking sweetly along his own, the movement so heartbreakingly intimate it made a shiver course through his body.
Sherlock nodded, hoping his gratitude was evident across his face, and she squeezed his shoulder once more before moving off to let him follow the doctor.
“Goodnight, John,” Sherlock muttered, and John could feel him drifting off into a deep sleep seconds before it carried him off, too. Outside, the wind hummed, blowing out through the town and away over the hills – leaving them be, here in their sanctuary.
The sky darkened, and still Sherlock stayed, leaning over his desk, sketching slowly, eyes fixed and unwavering. John had given up trying to do any work, and looked up as much as he dared. Every glance made the ache flare up a little bit more, but there was nothing else for it: he watched, and ached, and knew that he would keep doing this every day for as long as his heart could stand it, because it was the only thing he
He reigned in his face as best as he could, then waited for John to move away from the counter and look as though nothing had just happened, before he emerged from behind the scarves.
But now, now his head spun and his vision contracted – all he could manage were the barest snippets, flickering like an old newsreel onto his unfocused eyes. John sitting in his chair, paper spread before him and hair damp from the shower. John at the sitting room table wearing that striped jumper, folding his hands and asking about their latest case. John draped over him on the sofa, warm and solid and trading jabs with Sherlock while some late night talk show played on the telly. John pressing a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head as he sat at his microscope and whispering softly in his ear not to stay up too long. John pressed against his chest, arms around Sherlock’s back as they swayed together and hummed tunelessly to the crackling radio. John in Sherlock’s dressing gown. John hunched over the stove making dinner. John smiling up at Sherlock as he played the violin. John, John, John.
– they were always here, every time Sherlock needed this place, needed something to sustain him, to pull him through the pain, the memories were always here, waiting to welcome him back with the warmth and comfort of home.
He felt it too, then. Felt what had just struck John with the force of a high-speed train. It was indescribable – so intense he thought it might sweep him away before he even realized what it was.
, that’s good enough.” John was aware that he was babbling, and somehow couldn’t have cared less. “I’m ready, Sherlock, please come
“That’s my husband!” Sherlock’s voice had raised to a hoarse shout without his consent. He tried once again to throw the other man’s grip from him, but his own hands were shaking too much.
Sherlock dragged their joined hands to rest against his chest, pressing John’s skin up against his pounding heart.
“Now, you can cooperate and give us the files,” John said quietly, his voice even. “And we can take you to Scotland Yard and let you plead for a reduced sentence. Or, if you’d prefer, you can make this difficult, and we can get the coroners to pass on the files for us.”
But the thought made him feel less than content. He stepped back and sat at the wooden desk, which looked directly out the doors and into the beautiful grounds. Perfectly inspiring.
His face fell in a way that only Sherlock would ever be able to detect, and his brows knitted together with the ghost of sympathy. “He
He pressed in a little further, and Sherlock made a soft noise into John’s lips. He seemed to be thinking the same thing, and wrapped his arm around John’s shoulder, pulling their bodies flush up against each other. John’s heart thumped happily in his chest. He pushed his tongue in to stroke along Sherlock’s, to feel the exquisite heat of his mouth on his, and Sherlock pushed in too, and met him.
The second window creaked as he pushed it open. It was a fairly old place, rustic in its design and hardly updated, in order to preserve its nostalgic air. The walls were faded brick, with clay shingles on the roof, and the interior was full of handmade oak furniture, probably crafted from the trees outside. The old woven carpets and sunken armchairs had a layer of dust covering them, and John hoped the warm breeze would clear it out a little, air out the musty feeling of being shut up too long.
“How did you –?” John asked in bewilderment, dropping his own hand. Clearly he’d been standing here for the past several minutes with no luck at all.
“I’m sorry,” he said, nearly in a whisper. He shook his head, slowly. “I should have done something.”
Mycroft was just close enough for Sherlock to detect his sardonic grin out of the corner of his eye.
“No one’s likely to know we’re here, but this is still a rather traditional hotel.” Sherlock’s eyes roamed over their surroundings as he spoke, making sure they were still alone. “So wait about ten minutes, maybe have a drink at the bar before you come up.”
He started telling Sherlock things he’d never told anyone else. Things about his parents, and Harry, about Afghanistan. About the book, and his fears that no one would ever read it. It was best when he drove him home, when Sherlock wasn’t busy with something else, and could listen and respond without interruption. John couldn’t be sure, but he had a feeling Sherlock was doing some unburdening of his own. And a sharp ache swelled up inside him every time that thought crossed his mind, because it only made him more desperate to understand him.
Sherlock chuckled, that deep, gorgeous, affectionate chuckle he had, that came from low in his chest. He pressed a kiss to the top of John’s head. John closed his eyes, savoring it.
He pressed the pen down onto the glass over the lead singer’s head and drew a large, four-tipped speech bubble, pointing at the mouths of each of the members of Blue Carbuncle. The studio quietened suddenly as they waited for Sherlock to write in it, and Sherlock almost couldn’t contain his laughter as we scribbled in, W-E-’-V-E    G-O-T    L-I-T-T-L-E    P-R-I-
The realization made his stomach sink, as he looked outside at the families crowding into the school.
Sherlock was trying not to give away how much his heart was pounding. The room was packed with people. Everyone had turned up; producers, agents, the marketing team, even a gaggle of old roadies had squeezed themselves inside to listen to the announcement, and Sherlock knew the whole place was about to erupt in just a few seconds, one way or another.
For a few seconds, there was silence – broken only by distant footsteps echoing in the narrow space. Then it was shattered by the loud
, it wasn’t supposed to be like this, it was supposed when they were safe, when they were finally home, when they were warm and together and John had had a chance to say it back…
With his arms laden with shopping bags, John had to fumble a bit with his key before the front door of 221B swung open.
But he saw John’s smile before two of the guards grabbed him by the shoulders and marched him around. It was unlike anything Sherlock had ever seen before – it lit up his whole face, it made his eyes bluer and his hair more golden.
“Them.” John jerked his head back toward the crime scene. “With bringing down the rest of the families. Sokolov and Orlova can’t have been the only major players.”
He had to admit he was starting to enjoy this a little. No one ever knew quite how to react around him anymore, and it was satisfying in a way he couldn’t explain, breaking the rules like this. Even as John’s words from the previous night still ran around in his head.
John hesitated, then sighed low in his chest, nodding. Mrs. Hudson took all of two seconds to regain the thread of what she’d been saying earlier, and John half-listened as he watched her puttering around, straightening up perfectly aligned books and smoothing away non-existent dust, while he sat and sipped quietly at his steadily cooling tea and pictured Sherlock’s pained concern in his mind’s eye, unable to think of a single thing he could do to help him.
“Not quite,” Sherlock said, and he was laughing now, too. “Almost, though.” The only reason they weren’t was because they were bent, hooked around John’s.
John laughed harder, the sound ringing out clearly and beautifully in the small space. “And you’re handsome, too,” he agreed, nodding.
Sherlock swallowed down a particularly powerful wave of desperate cries. John’s lips were starting to tremble.
,” he hissed; the pain had spiked up and radiated down to his shoulder. He reached his hand up, trying to knead it into submission.
John sank into the mattress as the tremors coursed through them both. His hips twitched and sputtered, then finally stilled, and Sherlock was heavy on him again, panting against his neck.
“Oh, you know, just being ridiculous,” John quipped. He stepped into the room and shook the rain out of his hair. “Can I stay here tonight?”
John’s breath was coming in ragged, sharp gasps of emotion. Sherlock felt like he was breathing for the first time in weeks.
Sherlock shifted again, though whether he was moving closer to John or farther away, John couldn’t tell.
“I have come here,” John stumbled a bit over the words, but his voice was clear and certain. “With a view to asking you…to marriage me.”
Sherlock stared down at his mug. He hadn’t properly eaten in a long while, but the thought of food now made his insides churn. He sipped at his coffee, trying not to wince as he forced it down.
“And particularly enjoy the incredible crassness of the moment we try to squeeze an extra syllable into the fourth line.”
Sherlock thought quickly - his eyes darted around the studio, finally landing on a poster out in the foyer. “Sam Smith.”
Mrs. Hudson moved toward them and Sherlock stepped into her hug without thinking. He let his head fall onto her shoulder with relief as she clasped her hands around his back.
And it wasn’t because of anything else. Sherlock knew that instinctively. It was because of what Sherlock had seen between him and Magnussen, there was no way around it.
His voice cracked once more, and John didn’t care how they ended up kissing again, because Sherlock’s lips were warm even as they wobbled, his breath sweet as harsh bursts of laughter flowed between them, and the swirling snowflakes that tumbled down around them had nothing on the revelation that a lifetime of
“It’s okay, we’ll go to the airport,” Dad said quickly at his side. He slung his arm around Sherlock’s shoulder and squeezed reassuringly. “Come on, I’ll drive really quickly!”
Sherlock pushed the icy feeling down from his throat. “Dancing,” he said, trying not to look over but unable to help it – they were still locked together, swaying less and less, mostly just staring at each other now.
“Right, yeah. Just a Dartmoor thing.” John nodded. He flicked a stray crumb from his plate, sighing gratefully.
looking towards John, who had a hand covering his face, though Sherlock though he saw him trying to stifle a grin.
Inside him, the dam had burst open, and he had to clench his teeth to keep it from spilling out. He reached out and braced himself against the hood of the car, and stared off, beyond the space where Sherlock had disappeared, beyond where his last and greatest salvation had walked away from him, and he’d let him go without a word.
The worry in John’s expression melted away, and was replaced by a tenderness so profound that it seemed to push all the air out of Sherlock’s lungs. John’s subtle smile was fond and understanding, and he gave Sherlock’s hand a reassuring squeeze and rubbed his thumb soothingly over the back of Sherlock’s palm.
John burst into a low chuckle, and the sound made Sherlock’s heart feel lighter than it had been all day.
Had it always been this far away? Surely it didn’t need to be. He could probably do something about that. That was his job, wasn’t it?
There was no room in his voice for argument, but Sherlock actually didn’t feel much like arguing anyway. He was still riding the wave of the past hour.
The office was dark. Everyone else had gone home, with just a few scattered lights left on here and there, including the one shining above John’s desk. Another one was alight in Sherlock’s office, throwing his profile into sharp relief.
Sherlock recognized the jab, but restrained himself from scowling. This was all part of it, he reminded himself.
There was a strange note in his laughter that made Sherlock look up from his phone. Mia had circled round the desk to perch herself on the edge of it directly in front of John, and John was smiling at her with a gleaming sort of energy. Quite friendly, of course, but apparently not finding it odd in the slightest that she was looking at him like she’d completely forgotten Sherlock was there.
“Oh, that’d be great, wouldn’t it, love?” John looked over at Sherlock, laughter in his voice, and Sherlock grinned and looked bashfully down at his lap.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled with confusion at the overwrought lead-in from the next song, then closed entirely when the lyrics kicked in.
Everyone in the place now turned to stare up at Sherlock. But they might as well have been the only two people in the room. Sherlock didn’t even seem to notice anyone else was there, anymore.
For some reason, John had the distinct impression that he was teasing him. He could feel his cheeks burning hot.
John reached around and covered Sherlock’s nipples with his hands. He started his little thrusting movements again.
John’s teeth were clenched tight, his forehead pressed into Sherlock’s collarbone, and Sherlock, head whirling in endorphins, came back to himself just enough to feel John’s arm tighten around his torso, his hips pump sharply once, twice, and then he was coming too, spilling hotly and perfectly into Sherlock, stifling his broken cries into Sherlock’s chest, Sherlock’s name on his lips with each ragged breath.
They passed by the jumpers and started to pick their way through the maze-like jewellery section. It was less crowded here, but all the salespeople were looking expectant, and Sherlock wasn’t keen for their advances just now. All the same, he paused for a second in front of the Cartier counter to look down at the pocket watches in the display. He never could resist a glance at them, especially the one with that silver webbing design along the casing – clearly Victorian-inspired, a style he’d always had a fondness for.
John hummed in agreement, brushing away a crumb from the corner of his mouth. “Probably just codeine now. It won’t make me sick, and I don’t think I’ll need anything stronger anymore.”
relieved – he really had no idea what they could have talked about, after all – but if anyone had asked, Sherlock wouldn’t have been able to deny just how lonely the silence made him. It wasn’t just the flat that was too quiet now; even the Yard seemed to have lost its usual bustling quality, and criminals he chased down seemed to come in without any fight or protest. It was as if the world was picking off anything that might distract him from the pain. All he could do was sit alone, in the quiet, staring it straight in the face.
Sherlock’s eyebrow gave a little twitch, but he didn’t ask any questions. Maybe he, like John, was too overwhelmed to say much of anything. His heart seemed to swell a little at the thought.
The pit in John’s stomach seemed to engulf him. It might have expanded out from his body entirely, consuming the bright happiness that had infected him just moments ago.
Sherlock blinked two, three times, a crinkle of confusion appearing at the bridge of his nose. “Yes, I know.” His eyes bored deeply into John’s “Are you alright? Did something–?”
He hadn’t meant for it all to come spilling out like that, but it had, and somehow it hadn’t felt as massive as he thought it would. The way Sherlock was looking back at him – there was something in it that said he’d have listened to anything John needed to say.
pulled up to the hotel. Sherlock thanked the driver as briefly as possible, and then shoved some rubles in his general direction. The driver took them, eyed him suspiciously, looked briefly back and forth between him and John, and then with a small sneer turned around to face the front again.
him and it felt like a cool breeze through stale air, like a soft blanket against bare skin, like a flickering fire pushing away the chilly darkness. It felt like coming home.
“Yeah,” John murmured back. He could feel the tension building in Sherlock’s abdomen. With great effort, he rocked his arse back into him, meeting his thrusts with tiny movements of his own. He’d use whatever he had in him to make Sherlock feel good, even if it utterly paled in comparison to the treatment he’d just received.
“No, ‘m fine,” John mumbled, shifting against the pillow and letting his eyes fall closed against his will.
Sherlock stared out of the tinted windows, his heart hammering in his chest. The enormity of what he was running towards hadn’t quite hit him yet, and that was probably for the best. Better to operate under semi-sound mind, before thoughts of John overwhelmed all his faculties entirely.
He felt the corner of Sherlock’s lip twitch upward microscopically. The hand not stroking through his hair was smoothing gently down his chest, down towards his hips, tracing the line of his pelvis down to his waistband. John shifted a little to allow him better access, but Sherlock was taking his time, fingers dipping gently in and out of his pants as he rubbed soothing circles along his hips.
John let his hands roam up and down Sherlock’s back, pulling him in and deepening the kiss, letting his weight above him wash through all of his senses. He was so warm, and so soft and gentle in his movements; he was touching John with something like reverence, his hands drifting down his sides to his hips like he was made of precious stone.
John closed his eyes, and unbearably gently, shifted down a little and rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock pulled him back in, desperation returning to their kisses, hands tightly gripping whatever they could reach. Without breaking their contact Sherlock began to walk backward, leading John towards the bed with his entire body.
John found them a little nook just on the side where they could see everything from an angle. John’s cousin Keith was standing on the end of a row of what was presumably the choir, and John stood in front of Sherlock, beaming outward.
Over near the far wall, next to a retro-style jukebox, another girl turned around. She was blonde and pale, wearing a fur wrap, and just as beautiful as Stacey.
In an instant, he was crouching down so that he was eye level with Sherlock, his hands grasping his shoulders.
The notes trembled through the air, highs and lows following each other in elegant crescendos. The pitch was bright, but Sherlock played slowly and it felt slightly melancholy, the joyful trills tempered by the pace, its pretty refrain reigned carefully into submission.
Maybe it had been inevitable. Maybe he’d been a colossal idiot for not predicting this weeks ago – hell, even
“We were as worried about him as we were about you,” she admitted, softly. “Do you know how much it would have killed him to lose you, John? Just the
“Right,” Sherlock nodded. God, this was awful. His entire body ached with a need to move toward John, to hold him, to feel his warm skin under his hands. He thought he’d been miserable before; he hadn’t counted on how unbearable it would be to have John right in front of him, within his reach, and not be able to touch him.
And before Sherlock knew what was happening, John had pulled him in by two gentle hands on his face, and was kissing him.
The book was almost entirely finished. John hadn’t even realized how much he’d been churning out over the past weeks until this morning, when he’d stared straight at what was looking to be the story’s conclusion, and a stack of pages several hundred thick beside the typewriter. But he couldn’t be finished, surely. Because if he was – there would be no reason to stay.
“You’re beautiful, John,” he whispered into the crook of his neck. His chest pressed up warm against his back – at some point, he’d rid himself of his shirt – and John could feel his heartbeat against his skin. His own pulse was pounding harder, more insistent every second.
The words made something stir in John’s chest. Something dark, rife with disappointment, or frustration. Why couldn’t Sherlock just understand?
She hesitated for a moment, then chuckled briefly. “Well, you’d know better than I would, wouldn’t you? He hardly lets you out of his sight!”
Sherlock melted into the embrace with relief, wrapping his arms around John and holding him tightly. John cradled Sherlock’s face tenderly with one hand, wrapping the other around his shoulders and drawing him in, kissing with a fervour unmistakeable in adoration, in gratitude, in absolute
There was a light dusting of snow outside that was slowly melting, and lights of all colours were sprinkling a festive glow all along the street. Traffic inched along, last minute shoppers scrambled up the sidewalks, but inside the large, bare sitting room in Sherlock’s 10th floor suite, everything was quiet.
The painting stared back, and Sherlock’s mouth twisted into an amused sneer at the idea of what she would say if she could see him now.
“I gave it to her tonight, when Harry was in the bathroom. You were still doing the washing-up. She gave it to her after we left, look – Harry sent me this a few minutes ago.”
John cocked his head in disbelief, and Sherlock backtracked reluctantly. “Alright, obviously I can’t be entirely sure, but it’s the most likely scenario given the parties at play.” John still looked dubious, so Sherlock sighed and went on. “Look – Orlova is our mark, John. This might be the only chance we have for years to catch Sokolov in the act. We have a fairly good idea of where she’ll be and when, and the police here, though astoundingly idiotic, have a good chance of taking her with a strategic plan of attack. Yes, it’s risky, but this woman is a
Christmas was approaching fast, and the shoot would wrap soon, and John had made up his mind that he would have to ask Sherlock out before it did. He didn’t know if he’d say yes – Sherlock
“Don’t know. Still late.” It was still dark outside the window, no light from the horizon breaking through the gloom.
His footsteps gradually faded away, and John let his shoulders relax a bit. He turned toward Sherlock tentatively, afraid of what he might find in his expression, but all he could see was his own relief reflected back.
John couldn’t breathe, couldn’t speak, could barely see – any moment now, it was all going to burst out from him and drown them both.
“Oi, don’t get too smug, you’re almost there yourself.” John let his eyes fall closed, an arm coming up to cover Sherlock’s, letting himself sink into the moment.
Sherlock worked into his left shoulder a bit harder – knowing how stubborn it could be, sometimes. He found where John was carrying the worst of it, and put his weight behind his hand.
Sherlock’s body sank onto him, his entire weight pinning him to the mattress. John hummed, smiling – he was warm, and soft, and John had never felt more relaxed.
“Jesus. It feels like ages.” John planted a final kiss on Sherlock’s bottom lip, then moved across to his jaw, his cheek, the soft skin below his ear.
“Alright.” Sherlock’s pulse kicked up a notch, but he resolved to keep his vocalizations lower, if he could.
Afterwards, Sherlock fell asleep tucked into John’s side with his arm slung across his chest, as he so often did. He wasn’t wheezing tonight either, no coughing, no pain of any kind to interrupt the evening. He was breathing deep, and silent, and to any untrained ear, perfectly normally.
“Yeah,” said John. He was right. Feeling the warmth of Sherlock’s skin pressed against his, all along their bodies, John finally felt comfortable.
Sam’s eyes crinkled, and he sank back into the cushions, looking slightly dreamy. Maybe he was thinking about her. Hell, maybe he was even
John was staring down at his hands now. He seemed to have thought he’d said too much, too quickly, or maybe he was just waiting nervously for Sherlock to reply, and was afraid of what he might say…
Even after all they’d been through today, Sherlock hadn’t realized until now just how incomplete he’d felt without John by his side. Hadn’t realized that he had been walking the streets of Moscow with only half of his heart, the other half sitting in a cozy armchair in Baker Street, sipping tea in a silent flat and missing him too. Sherlock was suddenly so overcome by how essential John was to his entire being, to everything he was, and only now that they were together properly again did Sherlock feel whole, and home, and perfectly, wonderfully happy. The realization lodged itself painfully in Sherlock’s throat, stifling his breath, engulfing him.
He cast around desperately for something to say that would be enough, that would encompass all his gratitude and his awe and his adoration in a few feeble words, but Sherlock saved him the trouble by pushing his sketchpad over to him.
John wasn’t where he’d left him, or even wandering around browsing the displays; he was at the Cartier counter, being handed a small square box by the salesperson.
His Dad looked concerned, his lined forehead creasing. “Maybe school?” he asked. “Are you being bullied?”
He didn’t have to see the next ones to know what they were. A close-up shot of John, with a champagne glass appearing at the corner of the screen for a second. A close-up shot of John, wiping icing from his lips – that one always made Sherlock shiver, and he couldn’t watch it in front of him. A close-up shot of John, dancing in a circle of work friends, his head bobbing along to the soundless beat.
And yet, not a second later, he was shaken out of the stillness by the sound of heavy footsteps hurrying after him.
“…on some – state business,” he finished, because everyone else was waiting in silence, and it stretched on, even afterwards. No one seemed to dare break it.
Now he was alone, the office seemed vast. John felt like he was adrift in the open ocean, no signs of life for miles, no end to anything in sight.
John could feel himself speeding toward the edge, and he knew Sherlock wasn’t far behind. They were both shaking, sweat trickling down their bodies, the desire flowing between them ramping up to boiling point. John tightened his grip, and wanked them faster. He heard himself making frantic moans against Sherlock’s lips, but all he could feel was Sherlock, his touch, his cock against his.
“Damn, thought I might catch you out,” John grimaced only slightly as he stood, finding his balance. “I’m just tired of sleeping all day.”
John stared at the blankets of snow as they whipped by in the dark, counting the seconds until they arrived.
“Oh, God,” John groaned. The thought made traces of yesterday’s headache begin to creep back in. “Didn’t you tell her I was still injured?”
The three of them looked up from their conversation. Sherlock could detect their pitying caution out of the corner of his eye.
Sherlock shook his head minutely, his gaze darting back and forth between both of them. “What are you doing here?” he asked again.
Dazed, Sherlock made his way around his desk and lowered himself into his chair. Slowly, in his fog-filled mind, things were starting to take shape.
John loved nights like this, when he was in no hurry to go anywhere and could just enjoy the view, and the quiet. There was a glass door dividing them, but it was still just the two of them alone. The only time they ever were, here. It was almost intimate, John thought, pain swelling in his chest as he stole glances up at him through the shadows. Almost.
John sighed and sank back down onto the pillow, rolling onto his back and staring at the ceiling. A strange mix of relief and disappointment was clouding over his thoughts, collecting into something greyer than the soft yellow sunlight seemed to allow.
John Watson, needed him so badly, not just to complete the puzzle but to fill in all the broken pieces of himself that couldn’t exist apart from him anymore. Two weeks was an eternity to be away from him, and Sherlock couldn’t stand it a second longer. He had to touch him, to hold some part of him, if only in some innocent, subtle way that could be hidden from view until they could be together properly again.
Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck again. John could feel his low sigh of contentment against his jaw.
They didn’t talk at all during the cab ride home. John was sated and a bit drowsy from all the food, but Sherlock barely took any notice of anything. Time slipped by like water he was holding cupped in his hands; every time he tried to grab hold of it, it spilled away faster, out of his reach.
Sherlock thought he’d at least make use of the time by getting some decent shots in. It was dark out now, and the roving blue and purple lights were throwing the video quality off a little, but John’s face was still visible over his new wife’s shoulder – eyes closed, leaning in, swaying with her much too slowly for the beat of the song that was playing – Fleetwood Mac’s "Go Your Own Way" (Sherlock
Sherlock was silent for a while, smiling as he observed the people milling around with mild interest. The way the cool light in the ballroom shone down at him made his pale skin look almost ethereal.
He blinked, his eyes slowly swimming back into focus. Carol-Anne was leaning in closer now, her full lips parted and inviting.
Sherlock looked back down at him; John’s eyes were dark, his lips parted slightly, and there was a pure visceral want in his expression that made Sherlock’s knees go weak.
“You know we’re gonna be alright, don’t you?” John murmured in the space between them. “This is just temporary, this is – minor. I’ll be back on my feet soon, really soon.”
“That’s alright, more for me.” He pushed a grin up onto his face, and took a bite. “Thank God I’ve got one of those constitutions where I never put on weight, or this French food would be killing me.”
Sherlock hadn’t moved; he stared off in the direction of the entry doors, his back to their quiet conversation. Distantly he heard Molly filling in Mrs. Hudson of all that had happened – all that
He couldn’t tell what time it was, or how long he’d been awake. Time seemed callously unreal at this hour, discarding each precious second behind it like so much dirt.
going to have a shot at being with anyone ever again? He didn’t know what the future held, or what he wanted out of his life, but the more he thought about it the more the prospect of a completely carefree, no-strings-attached excursion halfway around the world for someone,
A soft, deliberate footstep sounded on the other side of the door. Sherlock cocked his gun and raised it higher, and John spun away from the window and did the same.
It didn’t matter, John decided, as he tried to put Sherlock out of his mind again. He was just going to have a good time. Whatever happened would happen, and he’d have a great story to tell, in any case.
“Yeah,” John replied breathlessly. Sherlock’s breath was hot and wet against his lips. Slowly, John managed to blink his eyes open and find Sherlock’s, aglow in the darkness.
“She –” Sherlock was stammering now. He couldn’t believe this. Hope was slowly trickling back into his heart, which was beating so slowly, as if it tried to work any harder it would shatter again. Could it really be…? Was it possible…?
They were uncharacteristically quiet the rest of the scene. John was afraid his feelings would burst out of him if he tried to chat, and ruin everything before it had even begun. He kept catching Sherlock’s eye and then looking away nervously, and he
“Oh, no,” he murmured, letting his eyes fall closed. John’s face swam before them, handsome and smiling. “That is so inconvenient.”
“Um,” John stammered, drawing back. She looked a bit startled, but her eyes were quick to narrow again, seductively.
John stroked soothingly down the side of Sherlock’s face with one hand, just as he pushed into him with the other, just the tip of his finger, letting Sherlock adjust to the sensation before going any further. Sherlock felt all the air leave his lungs in one quick blast, his hands clutching tightly at John’s back, drawing him close, anchoring himself.
The door clicked shut, and John let his shoulders sag, the perfectly tailored scowl dropping off his face.
He swiped his thumb over the head of Sherlock’s cock, and Sherlock gave a ragged gasp in response. John swirled precome over the tip, then twisted downward, slicking them both.
He played through the song until it was saturated so thoroughly in his mind that he couldn’t think straight anymore. The sun had long gone down, the winter darkness settling in early. Sherlock suddenly realized that he was, in fact, starving. He put his violin away, wondering if Dad had saved any of those chicken kebabs.
The shrieking, synthesized solo kicked in, and Sherlock let go of the neck of the guitar that he didn’t look remotely like he was playing, turned around and dramatically swept the jacket off his shoulders. He paused for a moment, his bare back to the audience, letting the camera get in for a flattering close-up of his arse, then spun around and ripped off his tearaway trousers too.
“Thank you,” John said, just a whisper now; he kissed him again, longer this time, and deeper, and he was smiling into it. Sherlock couldn’t help but smile back.
“Come on, love, I’m going mental here.” John’s voice was hoarse with frustration. His hand clenched involuntarily at his side, and he prayed that Sherlock couldn’t see it. “It’s been weeks – I know you understand. It doesn’t even have to be a real case, just.” John sighed deeply, searching Sherlock’s unsure face. “Something to get us out of the flat?”
“Look, um –” he stammered a little. His heart was pounding. “Sorry for, um, being a bit forward, and all that…”
Sherlock plunged his tongue greedily into John’s mouth, his hands sliding up John’s back to frame his face, holding him there to deepen the kiss into something desperate, something solid. John responded enthusiastically, licking his way into Sherlock’s mouth with visceral need. He crooked his fingers inside Sherlock, brushing up against that perfect spot, that bundle of nerves that sent Sherlock’s mind spinning out of control, that pulled a sharp cry from his throat and caused him to throw his head back, to grit his teeth against that flash of pure, unadulterated pleasure.
John rapped softly on the window pane, three times quick succession, before pulling it open and sliding inside. He latched it again behind him, and drew the curtains closed, cutting off most of the insignificant light source remaining to the room.
A wave of nausea surged up through his stomach, and Sherlock swallowed it down with a gulp, clenching his teeth to stop himself from retching.
He bent to pick up his cards and the CD player, gave John a small nod as he straightened up, then turned away from the door.
John’s face was brightly expectant as he hit the play button. Sherlock scrubbed a hand down his own face, holding his bent elbow across his chest like a shield.
Sherlock turned around to see Dad watching him. He was grinning from ear to ear, letting out a low, gentle chuckle that was escaping him like he couldn’t contain it.
“Do you trust me?” John asked. He was standing behind Sam, who was perched on the coffee table, arms stretched out in imitation of the couple on the screen.
Sherlock hit the end button; his mouth was set into a thin line as he turned back to the road, hitting the gas again. John leaned back into his seat and said nothing. He spent the remaining part of the journey staring out the window, but couldn’t stop himself from stealing tiny glances back at Sherlock, whose eyes were set determinedly forward; only once did he catch John out of the corner of his eye, hesitantly, and John held the look for far too long before he had to turn away, the overwhelming sense of a missed opportunity too heavy in the space between them
,” Sherlock gasped out. He sucked in a few more shuddering breaths and raised his head. “I know that, I do. Of
They broke apart with a strangled sob-like sound bursting from Sherlock’s lungs. Sherlock’s face was wet, whether from John’s tears or his own he didn’t know, but he kept close, still breathing in his air. He didn’t loosen his grip across John’s shoulders. He wasn’t sure he’d ever be able to.
Sherlock turned around to see John again, with an intense, desperate sort of vulnerability worrying the creases of his brow.
“It just, meant a lot to me, because,” and here Sherlock put on his very best crooked smile, letting it reach his eyes. “You’re really hot.”
John's entire body was alight, and he thrust up into Sherlock, slotted into him, pressed up against as much of him as he could. He sped up his strokes, and they were both crying out, gasping, panting, until John gave an expert flick of his wrist on the upstroke and they were spilling out over each other, coating John’s hand, the heat overwhelming them and scorching out of them in a brilliant flame. John saw stars, his nerves sparking with pleasure, and Sherlock kept thrusting against him as he rode it out, hot and wet and gorgeous, relishing every moment.
And it wasn’t as if it mattered. Sherlock wasn’t interested. He’d told John, in one of the first conversations they’d ever had, that he was married to his work. John had never seen him with anyone else in all the two years, seven months, three days, and ninety minutes that he’d known him. He and Sherlock were friends, certainly, but Sherlock would never want anything more than that. And certainly not with John.
– but Sherlock kept himself still, his entire world shrinking to his sightline on the door, the hardwood floor under his stiff knees, John’s hot breath on his neck.
“We would have been here sooner, but we had to find someone to watch the kids.” Now Molly was apologizing –
John managed to get his shoes off, dropped his trousers, and leapt in before he could change his mind.
“Any chance you could grab a couple of samples of this dirt? We could see if we can get a more accurate -”
“Aside from trying to make sure you don't try to rip my throat out again?” He asked, gesturing to his neck, which he held one of Mycroft's own handkerchiefs to. Lines of dried blood ran down from the wound to his jumper, a great portion of which had turned a deep scarlet.
“Taxi. You blacked out pretty soon after we got outside,” John said, smiling despite himself. “On that note...” He tossed Sherlock a few of the snacks he had purchased the night before. “Get your strength up.”
With that, the group parted, and Sherlock and John watched as the others made their way to the waiting car.
“Keeping out of the public eye,” John answered. “It wasn't pleasant for me either, you know. Not being able to talk to any of you. Though I was rather enjoying being classified as dead.”
“Shit,” Lestrade said quietly, before stepping away from the computer and yelling the same word more forcefully. He came back to the laptop and watched as a bright flash – Sherlock’s explosive – appeared on the screen and blew the police sergeant several meters back. Her head made contact with one of John’s bookshelves, and for a few minutes the three men watched as Sherlock fast-forwarded through the recording. Eventually, Sally stood, seeming both dazed but more conscious than she had appeared initially. As though taken over by an external force, the blank look reappeared on her face, and she could be seen answering a call, lifting her phone robotically to her ear. Then, just as soon as she had arrived, she left again through the window.
“It’s a technicality based on an old pact. The Queen’s a great figurehead, but god help her if she exercises any actual power, y’know?”
“Strong,” the other man stated. He came forward in the light. Tall, with pointed fingernails and teeth, the vampire opposite Mycroft could pass for any age between eighty and eternal. Thin skin covered dark, still veins, which crisscrossed his bald head. His deep, bloodshot eyes captured Mycroft’s and analyzed him.
It had been three days since he and Sherlock had visited the beach, and in those three days he had spent more time in the morgue than he ever had in the past thirty-nine years of his life. He looked to his right, towards the kitchen, where Sherlock was currently examining vials of blood. The blood was, at least, better than the arm that Sherlock had spent the afternoon the day prior cutting with various blades. He was growing increasingly annoyed that he had not yet found the murder weapon, but an annoyed, busy Sherlock was still much better than an annoyed and bored one. As if he could hear John thinking (and at times John imagined he could), the man looked up.
Sherlock, quiet up until that point, put down the train ticket he had been fiddling with. “How did you survive?”
John smiled. “On the ride back you tried to convince the cabbie that he had a lost twin brother somewhere. Then you nearly vomited on him, so – all things considered – it could have been worse.”
“We’re going to review the security cameras and regroup,” John said, pointing at Sherlock’s cameras. “The three of you can sort out bringing me my army back, and I’ll call you when I have a plan.”
“Yes, and that,” Sherlock said, brushing dirt off what appeared to be a fragment of bone. “But I thought the smell was a given.”
Once in arm's reach, he tapped the man's shoulder. The figure, who had moments earlier been staring moodily out at the other patrons in the bar, immediately stiffened, turning to John with unexpected rage as he stood. Incredibly fast, he pushed through those around him to get a hand on John's shirt. John, having spent years dealing not only with vampires, but with young, volatile men in the army, recognized his posture and with his half-second head start was able to duck before the fist that swung at his head made contact. The hand, which barely missed him, instead hit the stone wall, breaking off chips of rock.
“I hope you were going to call about taking a look at these bodies, because things have just gotten worse.”
“Months,” John said, turning to look at it. “Not because of these murders specifically. I like to keep track of things. Just in case.”
Tired, and having spent hours walking and examining every possible rock with a suspicious silhouette, the group headed to the fifth address. This location was farther from the city than the others, but necessary to see for the sake of being thorough. Without much optimism about it, Molly, Greg, and Lestrade made their way to the entrance of a massive warehouse, set apart from the other buildings on the street.
It felt as though chains, ragged and dragging against his skin, were pulling him forward, making him curl his hands into claws, his nails piercing his palms.
“Suggestions?” Sherlock asked from behind John as the pair glanced around quickly for something to defend themselves with.
Sherlock pulled John’s gun off of him, and directed two shots into the creature. Despite taking off nearly half of its head, the monster didn’t slow. Sherlock desperately tried to pry at its clenched hands. Finally, he was able to pull its hands off just enough to give John some air. John nodded to his right, and Sherlock noticed a thin metal pole lying on the ground. He lunged for it, and immediately returned to John.
It wasn't until John was nearly at the doors of the lobby that he noticed that Mycroft was following him.
“Jesus fucking-” he began, turning onto his side to see what tripped him. Blood, spread across the floor, led from the gaping wounds in the necks and arms of two of that night’s guards, barely visible in the moonlight coming through the windows. John picked himself up quickly, and slid towards one of the men. Medical help wouldn’t save them, but their guns may do a service, John thought as he grabbed a pistol from one of them. He felt foolish for forgetting his own weapons, but the vast majority of of battles he had fought in his lifetime were hand-to-hand anyways, and on that front he felt prepared.
He slipped a thick green jumper over his shirt and turned on the television, setting it to mute as he checked the weather. Cold and overcast - the quintessential Scottish day. He reached for his gun, but remembered that the collection of gear had been left in Greg’s room. As he wasn’t sharing accommodations, it seemed fair that he would room with the crates of weaponry, charms, and - he hadn’t told Greg this - a small, battery-powered fridge. He made a mental note to remove its contents to his and Sherlock’s room.
“Vampires first,” the taller man said, and gestured for him to walk forward. He felt the distinct feeling of eyes watching him as he walked forward with John, though however hard he focused, he couldn't see anything in the darkness.
“I believe you and I have something to discuss,” Mycroft said, getting to the point and not making an effort to move the conversation towards the armchairs next to them.
“So, you’re telling me that this door might channel a blast of memory right into my head? Are we sure we have to touch it?” Greg asked. The group was very nearly at the entrance to the vaults, and as Greg had been entrusted with the crowbar, he was most concerned about the process of getting into the vaults themselves.
“Mycroft,” Greg called as he stood and turned around, finally prying his eyes from the illegible epitaph. Mycroft continued to stare in the opposite direction. Greg began to walk across the warehouse floor towards the other man, stopping halfway to him. “Mycroft?"
“This is it,” Sherlock answered, sure that they were in the correct place. “Careful -” he began, but too late; John was already pressing his palm softly on the center of the door.
The officer that escorted John and Sherlock to Lestrade's office yawned and took a sip of his coffee as he walked, muttering about being called back after an eight hour shift to investigate yet another murder. John listened politely, but Sherlock didn't make an attempt to listen. His only concern was finding out what had happened, and if any of his theories about the murders (of which he had many) would be proven correct. As they reached the DI's office, John was very nearly pushed to the side when Sherlock passed him. The younger officer nodded to John and departed, and the men were left alone.
“There are vampires in the world, there have been for many years,” he began. “They've been written about by nearly every culture, including ours. About a hundred years ago, the first vampire came to London.  Even then, the country was defended – in much the same way you saw tonight – by people who knew the threat that had come for them, and how to fight it. Specifically, these people were Arthur Holmwood, Quincey Morris, John Seward, the Harkers, and Abraham Van Helsing.”
John hadn't been able to stay asleep for long, when he was able to get any, and had been growing increasingly uneasy since he and Sherlock visited the crime scene and he had been able to see the broken and bloodied body of the victim firsthand. The pictures of the earlier murders hadn't had any kind of effect on him, and the photographs of the death that was currently being investigated did not do justice to the crime scene. Even moments after his nightmare, as he closed his eyes he still saw her body and her blank eyes.
It was at approximately this time that the chained vampire realized that he was at the mercy of other vampires to free him, and let out an inhuman cry. Sherlock and John listened to it fade into the distance as they ran up the stairs and exited the building, moving swiftly past the guard at the door. Once outside, they glanced at one another, and without a word, took off running for the nearest major street.
“It’s best we start moving this along,” Sherlock said, firmly. I would say we take the door here,” he pointed at the entrance they had taken earlier that day, “and loop around to the hidden vault along this side path.” He pointed at one of two plausible entrances to the underground cavern.
Sherlock cleared his throat as the cab stopped outside of the flat, and the pair made their way inside.
the case to begin with. These serial murders have gone to an entirely new level, and I'm sure you two see that. A victim found alive and covered in blood? That's a nightmare. No one in my department is going to see the light of day until we've found a way to stop this. The force is officially on lockdown, which means that no one without a badge is getting their hands on any of these case files.”
“I wanted to tell you. All the time. But how would I start that conversation? When? Over dinner? 'Hey, could you pass the salt? Did you know I can kill a vampire at fifty paces with a bow and arrow?' The time just didn't come. After a while, it seemed too late. I became too used to you not knowing, and it was... nice. A nice change.”
“Oh, close, but no cigar!” Moriarty said, spreading his arms towards the recently filled graves. He gestured at the rich soil. “Dirt, actually, that’s the key. I know you’ve noticed it, John.” He gestured at the soil that was spread across the graves in the vault. John had, indeed, noticed it had a peculiar yet familiar smell, but hadn’t placed it. “From the Carpathian Mountains, to Carfax, to here – you’ve got to admit, there’s a certain kind of poetic symmetry in it.”
John glanced at Sherlock, then said, “I'm not quite sure yet. You've got my number, and a good eight hours before dawn. The more we can get done while the city is quiet, the better.” He handed a slip of paper to Mycroft, and added, “Those are the addresses. The three of you can decide how you want to tackle them. We can regroup tomorrow night.”
The pair walked until they reached the nearest major road, then flagged down a taxi. Sherlock muttered something to the driver – probably something about a bribe, but John couldn’t be sure – and the car was soon speeding off in the direction of Baker Street. Neither of them had much of an appetite for conversation; they were both too busy thinking to communicate. After some time, they pulled up outside 221B. From the road, the flat looked all right. The windows of the top floor had been blown out, and the dark edges of the window frames seemed to hint at a fire, but the exterior seemed remarkably unscathed.
Sherlock glared at his brother. Mycroft looked to his left at Greg Lestrade, who had begun flipping through a book.
“Ah, Mycroft. No, I’ve assigned him to something much more vital. Your brother has, ostensibly, gone to find his maker,” George said with a wink.
“Good – good, yeah,” John answered, also feeling uncharacteristically out of sorts. He was unsure how to categorize his current mood; everything very much
Moriarty grinned broadly, and shook his sleeve up to glance at his watch. “We’re well past sunset, and the moon is in position. Ready whenever you are.”
“Where’s Molly?” he asked, giving a cursory glance to the three people he had just been introduced to. He flipped open his laptop and loosened one of the wires connected to a camera.
“A jogger who came by around five thirty this morning, just when the sun was coming up. Good timing on his part, for us, at least. No one had touched the crime scene yet, as far as anyone can tell. We've been able to keep photographers and the public away, too, but god knows how long that will last.” Letting out a breath of air he had been holding back, he crossed his arms and nodded towards the covered body. “You're probably going to want to take a look at that.”
“There wasn't a body at the crime scene, and leaving the flat would have required interacting with yet another wholly incompetent team. Tedious,” he trailed off, and stood to collect a few more blank slides from the counter across from him. “Waiting for Lestrade to bring me the blood I need was much more efficient.”
“Yes, you really should. You have coffee to drink as you contemplate all of the dead ends you've reached,” Sherlock said sarcastically.
There was silence in the train car. Small towns and rolling hills whipped past the window, everything cold and peaceful under the streetlights.
“Each individual lost over sixty percent of their blood,” Sherlock added, waiting for John to catch up. After a few seconds, he did.
Mycroft was still, then perfectly rigid, a difference that Greg couldn’t quite understand until he saw it.
However, John wanted to keep them talking, now that they were here. And in the midst of so many graves, a part of John was desperate to learn what was being planned.
Mycroft's eyes narrowed. “How dangerous do you imagine I am, John? How fast do you believe I could kill you?”
“So, I started asking around to see if anyone's noticed anything weird - all for you, my friend, so keep in mind you owe me - and all I can come up with is a bloke in Wales who says a bunch of warehouses are being bought up in his area. I cant get any further than that with the public records office until I start mentioning you, because apparently throwing around the name 'Van Helsing' is the only thing that gets things done around here. Which is fine enough, because eventually they let me look into the property records, and lo and behold, who's the buyer but Simon Wilcox. Do you remember him?"
The moment Sherlock and John received the call from Lestrade, they set out. With some reluctance, they closed the barn and hoped for the best; John made a note to come back when he had more free time and ensure that everything that was dead in the building stayed that way.
“Which you won't,” Sherlock responded dully, reassuring him. “You are, after all, a highly trained doctor.”
Entering the warehouse, the pair found that the lights were still dimly lit, throwing shadows over the empty interior. Mycroft was nowhere to be seen, nor was there any evidence that he had been there. Cautiously, Greg led the way into the centre of the warehouse, near where they had taken off running. There were a few fresh marks in the dirt, but neither of them could be certain that they hadn’t made the tracks themselves.
Mycroft was transfixed by something ahead of him. A massive slab, heavily engraved, sat slightly off-centre on the ground, its edges falling to pieces. Greg tried to get Mycroft’s attention, and attempted to see behind the other man.
Sherlock plucked John’s phone out of his pocket and smiled, pleased to be able to offer John something that no one else could. “We may not have Mycroft, but I’ve memorized every contact in his phone. We will be fine.”
Greg was a trained police officer with decades of experience behind him - if John could set him up on high ground with wooden bullets, Greg would be able to take out plenty of vampires, easily. He knew the DI would offer police backup - he’d already tried several times - but John would much rather take his chances going in with minimal backup than with untrained, unaware civilians.
“One hundred years ago, the Council convened in this very city, and granted Abraham Van Helsing and all of his descendants the exclusive right to assemble the Head Families, and direct them with supreme authority. I’m calling it – bring the army back in.”
“Yes, that,” Sherlock answered. “Shall we?” He gestured for the door again, and Mycroft started walking towards it.
“A few hours before sunrise, get a few rooms at a hotel or go to Mycroft's. I'd really suggest the hotel, though; somewhere cheap that won't press you to give your real names. The harder you make yourselves to be followed, the better. Baker Street's off-limits, clearly, and I don't want the three of you splitting up.”
The only person who moved was Sherlock, who leaned forward, his hands forming a steeple under his chin as a smirk inadvertently flitted across his face. Every puzzle came together eventually.
“Tell the consulting ten-year-old that, yes, Anderson will be there,” Lestrade said firmly, and John hoped Sherlock heard his tone of voice. “And I would very much appreciate if he didn't push him into the river.”
“There can only be one king,” Harker continued, “and if you won’t kill for the position, you don’t deserve it.”
John removed a few links of silver chain and a stake, and put those in a hidden pocket as well. He didn’t expect to fight anyone today, but figured it was better to be safe.
John glanced up the street, and noticed that the light was thinner and nearly behind one of the buildings. “Best to hurry now, I think.”
“Well, you know I’ve been looking into everything I can about this. Vampire lore about turning on moon phases, why some of these vampires that have attacked us are like - ah, zombies,” she didn’t ask John if they were real, but the unasked question hung in the air regardless. “Anyways, what really bothered me was Jane, she mentioned the reoccurence of ‘army trio,’ and you recognized that name.”
Sherlock pulled out his phone, and John looked around. Down the street, a man was watering the shrubs outside his home; beyond him, two women walked slowly across the road and into a café. Were it not for the light fog that hung around the streetlamps, the quiet street would be fairly pleasant. The fog, and the possibility that there were slumbering vampires nearby, John reminded himself.
“Stay awhile, won’t you?” Moriarty teased as he entered the cavern, looking much the same as he did the last time they saw him. With a wave of his hand, the vampires before him began systematically pulling the coats off the men in front of him, tossing their weapons well away.
“Yes, but there aren't many alternatives. Unless John has a friend in his network who can deal with this.”
“Yeah,” John replied, his voice as neutral as Sherlock's. He ran a thumb over the side of his wrist, glanced out the window, and moved again, this time biting back a gasp. He looked up at the ceiling as he applied pressure to different parts of his left wrist, gently rolling his fingers around the bones. “I'm amazed you haven't noticed them earlier, actually, especially in the morning. They come out a lot when I yawn. And when I'm -” he glanced at Sherlock, cutting himself off as he twisted with his right hand and gritted his teeth as he groaned.
Sherlock smiled and turned a different stack of photographs on the cluttered table towards John. “My experiments last night may have been more successful than I first thought. Look at this one,” he said, gesturing to a picture at the top of the pile, which had been labeled according to some kind of code. In the picture was some kind of limb with two cuts running parallel to one another in it. “This one was made with a slightly altered garden fork. On a living human it should match the wounds found on the last victim exactly.”
John shook his head. “I'm just going to have to repeat everything to Mycroft and Lestrade anyways, so you might as well wait.”
children, I should say those in my care. Newborn vampires are curious creatures, aren't they? So willing to obey their masters.”
John flexed his arm a bit, making the pain worse. He did it once more for good measure, then sighed. “I didn’t get all of them. Seven vampires in ten minutes. This base is guarded better than the damn crown jewels. The fence alone has enough silver on it to fry a coven and a half. How did they get in?”
Sherlock pulled at John’s jumper, then began work at the buttons of his shirt. He moved quickly, trying not to lose his nerve - he tried to tell himself that this was his way of slowing John’s panic, of taking his mind off the subject of their impending battle. He knew this to be false. He was selfish, exploring every inch of John that became available as his clothes came off, tasting and touching flesh that he had never before indulged in feeling.
Molly made a noise that the group assumed was a laugh, then said, “Oh, fine. Researching, as directed.”
The two continued to walk, until Sherlock remembered the thought that he had pressed to the back of his mind. “About last night,” he began. John glanced at him, then back to the road.
“Yeah, this time a young woman. Didn't find her until this morning, either, so we aren't sure yet when she was killed,” Lestrade said, and John could hear the weariness in his voice.
“Let’s not think of it that way,” Sherlock murmured, breath tickling John's ear. He stepped back and surveyed John. “I doubt you came here to have a quiet moment.”
“Who called?” Sherlock asked, throwing a last bite of sandwich into his mouth before he started folding the map.
“Mycroft?” Molly called out, turning slowly. She walked to Greg’s side and pushed aside a rock with her foot. “I don’t see anything.”
“Why haven't I heard of any of these 'hunters'? Surely someone would have noticed them as time wore on and the novel became more well-known.”
“Is this one of the friends who wasn’t going to arrive until tomorrow?” Sherlock asked, brushing some of the dirt off his lapel.
,” he said. Taking in John's look of surprise, he continued, “Yeah, that's right, we know you're back. However fast you think word can travel among your hunters, we'll always be faster.”
“It's not organized,” he stated. “Humans panic. They see it as chaos, but there's always a pattern. I just can't find it.”
Sherlock opened his phone, and began looking around to get his bearings. “I may have chosen the quietest hotel in the city – you're welcome. I don’t think any cabs have passed this hotel in the last decade.”
The older man shook his head. “Don't apologize, it's fine. I know you're as concerned about these murders stopping as anyone. Besides, what else am I going to do tonight? To be totally honest, we don't have any new leads, even with all of Sherlock's notes to read through. The lunar thing, though, we could look into that.” He turned his flashlight on an empty side street to his left, then clicked it off altogether.
Greg looked at him. “She was just holding on, though there wasn't much to hold on to. They found her about ten minutes from your place. Looked just like the others; blood everywhere... It was like something had tried to rip her throat out. She couldn't even say what the murderer looked like. Couldn't gesture. The medics on site got her sedated fairly quickly, but seeing the absolute panic in her eyes before they did...” Lestrade shook his head and looked away. “It's one of those nights no man wants to do this job.”
No one in the group dared to speak. Mycroft, without a heartbeat or breath to disturb him, was more still than anyone else.
John cleared his throat and pulled his phone from his shirt pocket, and Jane turned to look at him. “I have a few pictures to show you,” the doctor said, flicking to the correct screen and handing it to Jane.
The pair snickered. John looked out through the window of the clinic, as the sun rose above the plain, orderly military buildings. The sand that surrounded the fence had just started to shimmer with the heat that would soon take over. “I’ll get this place under control one of these days.”
Mycroft considered this, and John counted on him catching up without needing to explain everything. He slipped the bottle back in his pocket.
“Sherlock, will you be alright taking down some vampires?” John asked as he picked up a couple of the knives that had been confiscated earlier in the evening.
Once the three other men were in the living room – all standing and looking much worse than they had when they left hours earlier – John entered. “I need to go upstairs. I'll be back in a moment.” He made sure to make eye contact with Sherlock before he left, and assumed Mycroft would have the sense to make tea for the others. On the other hand, he thought to himself as he climbed the steps to his room, Mycroft was just as likely to pick a fight with his brother at the least convenient time possible. He would try to be quick.
Looking up, John was surprised to see he hadn’t missed Harker entirely - his hand was bleeding and smoking where a silver bullet had nearly blown through his palm. The vampire, who had seemed more or less composed and human throughout their encounter - fangs aside - now bared his teeth and hissed, screaming something inarticulate at his progeny as he gestured towards Sherlock and John. Finally, one of the newborns broke out of the fugue state he seemed to be in, and rushed at John. Slightly late on the uptake, John was tackled and felt the vampire biting at the skin it landed on, across his arms.
Leaning over the side of the bed, Sherlock reached into the pocket of his jacket on the floor and pulled out a small, inoffensive bottle of lubricant.
The very air around him had changed, and he could feel electricity pricking at his fingertips. The sounds around him seemed clearer than ever, with every drop of water and wheel on concrete intensified and distinct in his ears. He walked forward and up the stairs, brushing a hand against one of the weapons he had concealed in his jacket pocket.
“Do you imagine he was serious?” Sherlock pondered aloud, tracing the fresh scars across the doctor’s chest.
The cab rolled to a stop in front of them, and Sherlock gave the address of a quiet, rundown hotel ten minutes away. John was continually surprised by the veritable encyclopaedia his friend kept in his head.
Supplies sorted out and en-route to the hotel, Sherlock and John exited the train station on to Princes Street and began walking east, taking a left onto Leith. After ten minutes of solo concentration, Sherlock finally spoke.
“Oh,” John said, remembering the flat, which was very likely still smoking. “Right. I probably should.”
“Two blocks west, then north one more,” Sherlock said, pointing forward. “On the other side of that grey building.”
“Hi guys,” Molly said, her voice cutting out a bit as the train passed under a canopy of electrical wires. “How are things going?”
“Who’s there?” Greg called as he looked all around himself, then stopped and groaned. “Why do I ask? It’s always vampires.” Molly readied her weapon and tried to use the faint light to see into the shadows.
John had arrived in Egypt for extended training with little other than his mother and father’s stories about the wars they had fought in. He had traveled with his parents and killed a good number of vampires before he had even learned how to drive (it was an obligatory element of being a Van Helsing, after all), but the training he learned in Egypt was different. His medical education was accelerated, and his skills developed rapidly as he found himself constantly healing his fellow soldiers.
“That was – it had – it was trying to kill you, wasn't it?” She asked, looking between Sherlock and John for an answer.
“You could have stayed in the army,” Sherlock countered. “Given time, I’m sure you would have been commended for maintaining most of the personnel and information you were in charge of.” Sherlock meant it as a compliment - it was not received as such.
Molly shook her head. “Nothing you haven’t seen already. I shot a vampire earlier. Only a couple of days ago, actually,” she looked at Greg to note his reaction, then resumed fussing with one of the buttons on her coat. “Then watched its corpse dissolve into nothing but blood and teeth.”
John shrugged. “If killing vampires was what kept me up at night, I'd never get any sleep. I'll be fine.”
Lestrade, who had left John and Sherlock more or less to themselves on the journey, spoke up. “When you’re a leader, you have to have implicit trust in your team,” he said, spreading his hands in the universal gesture of ‘it is what it is.’ “It has its risks, but it’s the only way to get through each day. I did the same. Do you blame me?”
“I never said you didn’t,” John said, rubbing at his eyes. “Though, yeah, it’s a bit of a surprise.”
“Warehouse locations. Thought you may want to check them out, as I haven't gotten around to it yet.”
Sherlock raised a finger, requesting silence, and John watched as the detective put both sheets of paper flat on the bed beside him. Staring intently at them, he ran through every code and numerical classification system he could remember. Gradually, a pattern appeared, and he requested a pen from John. Not long after, he smiled, and handed the sheets back to John.
Sherlock muttered some kind of agreement while his attention turned to the pile of papers on the desk. He felt he had explained himself to John as well as he could. He examined the maps again, the meticulous notes he had taken over the course of the case. It was like having a word on the tip of his tongue - he was close to putting it all together, and felt as though if he could arrange the data in the correct order, he would find his solution. Of course, this was complicated by the thoughts of John that raced through his mind. Married. That was a big enough development, and he had never known - never put together all the clues that said ‘widower.’ He felt petty, but even the realization that before him had existed a best friend that John trusted just as much as him, perhaps more, had shaken him. Sherlock shook his head as though to clear the thought away; he felt pathetic to be entertaining such a complaint, even though his heart ached at the thought of John being hurt and betrayed.
It was difficult for the others to disagree. The field was, by all accounts, bare. Sparse grass dotted the flat square of land, which was fairly large. However, there was nothing to be seen – even the litter pressed against the edges of the fence seemed ordinary. Molly was about to consult her map, but Mycroft spoke first.
John smiled. “Either I bounce ideas off you til something sticks, or we walk around the city until we feel something.”
John did not imagine, for even a moment, that this was an accident. Not only was locking the gate a five-step procedure, in the event of a blackout the gate would become impossible to open. For the gate to be open, now, meant that a human with the correct rank would have had to unlock the gate in anticipation of the power outage. John gazed at the gate, and as the most obvious conclusion reached him, he felt as though the ground was rapidly disappearing from beneath his feet.
“Not yet,” Sherlock replied, eyes still focused on the screen. John sat up and leaned over behind Sherlock’s shoulder, eyes glancing across what he was working on. His body, warm from sleep, radiated on Sherlock’s back, and the detective stirred uncomfortably. John’s breath passed by the nape of his neck gently, and he felt himself stiffen.
Sherlock stared at the shape of John’s back a moment longer, then turned back himself. He knew he wasn’t getting much more out of John, but felt irritated all the same. He was the first to admit the nuances of human interaction were confusing, at best, and incomprehensible at worst. He felt, in an unusual moment of shame, that he had performed poorly as a best friend. Gone too far.
Once inside his room, John closed and locked the door, and leaned against it, exhaling slowly. He had left his window open, and the room was cool and quiet, though the city outside was breathtakingly alive. He could see the dim lights of other flats, and farther away, the dark sky. Three hours and fifteen minutes until sunrise. John wished he didn't know that; Sherlock would wonder how he did.
“Why? Why?” John asked, stalking forward, more insistent on receiving answers than racing back to start putting out the flames of the burning compound. “Jesus, Sebastian, you were my brother. Why would you do this?”
“Right. I imagine you have a lot of quetions, but there are some things I need to get out of the way.” He glanced at the time on the clock and began. “First I need to say that what you saw tonight was not something I enjoyed. Killing vampires is not a habit I keep, anyone who knew me back in my army days would be the first to tell you that. Occasionally, though, it's necessary. The vampires you saw tonight weren't...” He searched for the right word.“Whole. They were incomplete. The process of turning someone – correctly – involves the body, mind, and soul of the maker. It takes concentration and a great deal of care in order to get it right, to build a creature that will be able to live through centuries. The mass production that's going on right now isn't producing true vampires – it's just weaponizing walking corpses. Under the control of a superior, they could be directed to kill you, and they would. Without remorse or a second thought, because they've lost so much of who they were in life. I killed them out of mercy, more than anything else, not a desire to hurt anyone.”
The corners of Harker’s eyes crinkled as he smiled joylessly. For a moment, John was unnerved by how similar he looked to Sherlock.
Regaining his senses, Mycroft looked away from John and began to evaluate his  present situation as quiet minutes passed. Since he had lost consciousness, John had managed to move him into one of the sturdy wooden chairs that usually sat across from his desk on the other side of the room. John himself sat in one of the armchairs, and was sipping from the glass of scotch Mycroft had put down earlier. Although he considered moving his hands, he sensed that it would cause further pain and instead nodded down at his wrists“Why?”
“That was military training, what you did in the alley. Not standard, though, but clearly something that has taken years of practice; at the very least, you've done it before,” Sherlock said.
After a second, two vampires entered the alley and walked to either side of John, eyes darting towards his neck as they hissed. One moved to bite John, but was met with a blade to the arm as John moved quickly to the side. A brief burst of steam appeared from the cut as the silver stung the skin of the vampire, who appeared surprised to have missed. The other, taking its chance while John was distracted, swept an arm at the knife in John's hand, causing the weapon to fly to the ground many meters in front of them. Allowing the force of the hit to spin him, John caught his balance quickly and kicked the vampire away from him, sending him flying backwards into a stack of crates at the side of the alley, and near the three men who were waiting. Behind them, a female vampire walked to the group, running inhumanly fast to Sherlock and pulling him forward. Immediately, he shot her with John's gun, just as Lestrade did the same to the vampire that was pulling itself up out of a pile of broken boxes. Although the shots fired into the vampires stopped them, it was not enough to still them completely.
“Well,” Sherlock said, shrugging, not particularly invested in disagreeing with John. “You just happen to surprise me.”
“Apparently I forgot to submit one of my journals to evidence.” Sherlock looked down at Lestrade, then back to his brother. “Has John told you off yet for kidnapping him again?”
“Don't call the Yard. Someone in your department is involved in the murders. Lie if you have to about what you were doing here,” John ordered.
“Of which... I'm one,” he murmured, a pale hand instinctively curling where the handle of his umbrella would usually be.
“Yep,”John said, pulling them from his pocket. He glanced up at Sherlock. “Ready?” The other man nodded.
Sherlock, John, and Lestrade had managed to get into the train with minimal interaction with the other passengers. However, it made for a quiet voyage, and though the three sat close to one another, they spoke only briefly when something came to mind. As though on cue, after yet another five minutes of silence, John spoke to Sherlock. “Text Molly, remind her to look up moon phases. Maybe it’ll pull something worthwhile.” John took a sip of coffee as he wrote down notes on a pad of paper. Sherlock raised an eyebrow at being made a secretary, but proceeded to send the text as directed.
“I'm confident the chief of police won't try to arrest us, if that helps any,”Sherlock said, staring pointedly at Lestrade, who just sighed heavily. “See? He's fine with it. I haven't left anything sensitive to the case. Let's go.”
“Maybe, maybe not,” John answered. “I'm not sure. It could have just been chance that you were made into a vampire when you were.”A few more minutes passed in silence before John spoke again. “It could be nothing. I could be wrong, and god knows I hope I am, but I should have noticed this before. Whoever's managed to pull this off without any great consequences is either going to be powerful or insane.”
Another vampire, clothed in an old, moldering t-shirt and jeans, came from the darkness, grinning madly. His hands, gnarled and scarred, reached out for John, who ducked and brought one of his blades up through the ribcage of the vampire behind him, piercing its heart. He quickly pushed it ahead of him with the blade of the knife, using the creature's body as a shield. As he tried to move around the body to attack from a different angle, he found his knife stuck in the body of the quickly deteriorating vampire. Giving up after a few attempts to pull it out, he backed away from the body, and rolled to the ground as the other vampire lunged at him.
“Actually, starting with the fangs would be good,” Lestrade said, crossing his arms as he leaned back in his chair. “I mean,
Had he been able to see himself, he would have noticed the sunken blue rings around his eyes, which were gradually fading as he applied a hot towel to the area. Walking around helped displace the blood too, and Mycroft did his best to stretch out his arms and legs in the narrow room. He had neglected to bring an extra change of clothes, but knew better than to fret about it. After a few minutes, he was washed, brushed, and feeling far more like his usual self, ignoring the ever-present desire for blood. He ignored the voice in his head that murmured about that subject.
Sherlock nodded and pointed at the top of the wound. “Note how it gradually becomes deeper and wider from the initial place of contact and tapers towards the bottom. It appears to be consistent with a solitary blade of some sort, but I'll need to conduct further research when we return to Baker Street. We'll need to stop at the morgue,” he said softly, tilting the corpse's face away from him as he moved over a few steps. “It's very likely that the person behind this was much taller than Ms. Daniels, considering the angle that she was pierced at. A male, I presume, one who was strong enough to restrain her.” He gestured at her wrists.  “Do you have anything to add?”
“Terrific,” John said with a groan. “I was beginning to think we’d followed the wrong coordinates, and the barn was just a strange coincidence.” He knelt down picked up another candle, turning it over before tossing it aside. Sherlock continued his survey of the dirt, as John began to brush dirt off of a nearby rock.
“Fine, okay,” Lestrade said. “And where does the crossbow work into that?” He uncrossed an arm and pointed at the weapon that John was still holding.
“Oh, and order in some Italian tonight!” He called as he walked out the door, giving a final wave as he went.
Always, John's focus was on what was being protected at the base: namely, vampire artifacts and ancient lore. Works that were thousands of years old, written by hands both vampire and human, that detailed the more intimate truths of their kind. John himself hadn't read most of the books that were stored on the base, but he knew enough to be aware that he had to protect what was behind the silver bars of the compound.
Sherlock avoided snorting at him. “You were supposed to go to the nearest, cheapest restaurant for provisions. Clearly you were unsuccessful.”
“Do you have any great ideas you're not letting on to?” John asked, turning to Sherlock and enjoying the few moments of relative quietness they had.
Eventually, he shook his head and looked up at Sherlock. “Thanks. That was… good. Did you Google that?”
Leading the way, Sherlock looked back to make sure that John was following him, then slowed down as soon as the lane widened enough for both men to walk together. After what felt like an unusually long time walking through the dark alley, the pair came into a large space, bordered on all sides by the windowless brick walls of the buildings around it. In the center stood a barn, its painted exterior faded and cracked.
Coming to terms with the scene before him, John tried to get his bearings. Through the haze of smoke and flames, John clearly saw the tall figure of Sebastian directing vampires across the base. John pulled himself up using the flagpole beside him, and lumbered in his second-in-command’s direction.
Jane gently tilted the glass she held, watching as the woman before her cleared away pieces of smudged paper and empty, red-rimmed glasses. The remains of a day spent trying to plan an assault on an invisible enemy. The bar she currently called her home base was owned by a man who was not worth as much as the blood in his veins, but he managed to mind his own business, and let Jane mind hers. It was enough to keep her from piercing the paper-thin skin that stretched over his throat. As it was, she was content with the glass of Finnish politician she was currently drinking. The circumstances behind how she had come to possess the bottle of blood made the already pleasant vintage immeasurably more satisfying. Setting her glass down, she leaned forward and crossed her arms, resting on the table and watching the entrance to the bar.
“If you'd like it to be. You could just tell me who's causing all these murders, why new vampires are being made, and we could go our separate ways.”
“Have your team email me any photographs I do not already have,” Sherlock demanded, and with a quick turn on his heel, he swept out of the crime scene, stalking along the rocky beach.
He returned to the present and looked up at Sherlock, who was looking at him intently. “Sorry, lost track of things a bit. Her shoulder's dislocated.”
John's expression was unreadable. Sherlock didn't like that – he preferred John to be expressive, even if that meant asking stupid questions, or becoming cross about Sherlock's lack of emotions towards victims. When John was silent, he felt almost out of his depth, and pitifully human. Almost.
John hesitated, and Sherlock added, “I do not fully understand vampire culture yet. I know the words, but not how to speak them – the rules of the game, as it were, for being undead. Help me understand.” John noted that moment as one of he few times Sherlock had ever admitted to needing help.
Jane’s posture immediately changed as she transitioned into soldier-mode. “Myself and Balcombe have drawn most of the vampires to the courtyard. I’ve sent out a group of soldiers under Westenra to secure the perimeter. Would you like to make any changes?”
Sherlock nodded and put the paper down, considering those addresses as well as the theories he was privately working on. “You may notice that we're no longer standing outside.”
Equally softly, John murmured back, “No. That's just the once.” Mycroft nodded and entered alongside John, pulling the door closed behind him.
Circled in red pen were various number combinations. John looked at it for a second, but didn’t find himself any more illuminated than he had been five minutes earlier. “Sorry?” He asked.
John paused, and chose his next words delicately. “Some things are best left unknown. When Mary died…” His voice trailed off momentarily, and he coughed. “If I had sincerely believed that what was in that book would work, and that it would be a good thing, I would have let the base burn just to decipher that book and bring her back.”
Sherlock smirked. “I knew there was a reason I kept you around.” Tossing John's coat to him, he headed down the stairs and to the street, followed closely behind by his blogger.
somehow less competent than The Met's police officers? Who authorized this?” He turned  back on Lestrade, who was already looking weary.
John laughed derisively. “You have no idea, Sherlock. That was nothing, those vampires were disposable. This is the real thing.”
“Basically,” John said, “If you get back here before five, we'll be able to figure out what we're going to do next. Mycroft can take you back to your house, then he can go to his own,” he said, looking directly at the older man as he gave the order. Mycroft nodded, aware of the hour – it was close enough to dawn that he could feel his skin prickling – and stood, tapping the keys of his phone and gesturing for the DI to walk in front of him.
John snorted, his face briefly breaking into a smile. “Yeah, she was that. You two would have loved her. She was all danger, and joy, and everything that I thought I could never have in my life.” John’s smile softened as he reminisced, then he pressed on.
Not yet feeling relaxed enough to give in, as he usually would, he stared back at Sherlock. “Do you really want to do this now?” He said, his voice low. He walked closer, and Sherlock bent down instinctively, placing his ear near John's lips. “Two good men have just watched me kill in cold blood. Do you really want to do this now?” He repeated.
“John, thoughts,” Sherlock called from beside the corpse. John walked over and knelt beside him, trying his best not to touch any of the dried blood. Sherlock pointed at the woman's neck with one of his long, gloved fingers. “The wound was made with a single sharp point, dragged down from here,” he pointed from the top to the centre of the neck, “to here.” He finished at the hollow where the throat met the collarbone. When he was this close, John could see that there were two distinct lines where the victim's neck had been cut. His brow furrowed as he leaned in closer.
Slowly, John stopped squeezing his eyes shut with quite as much force, and regained control of his breathing. “Fucking hell,” he muttered.
“Chasing a vampire back to Transylvania, a shipwreck, stakes and holy wafers, that all happened?” Lestrade asked, pulling what he could remember about the book from the recesses of his memory.
“Geoff,” Sherlock said, glancing at Lestrade before resuming his examination of the laptop, waving distractedly at the living room.
There was quiet, and John didn’t need to look at Sherlock to know the detective agreed. “You aren’t wrong. I don’t know why I’m giving him the benefit of the doubt.”
Both of the men were quiet, and the only sound that could be heard was that of the cab on the damp pavement as it sped along the road back to Baker Street.
Sherlock's jaw clenched and he leaned forward. “I would have better luck.” The men stared at one another, in a battle of wits, before Lestrade broke and looked away, shaking his head.
“With my bare hands,” John said. “Yes, I’m sure. Did any of you actually speak to Jane in person? Did she just leave a message? You’ve assembled
“I really though it was a good sign, when I moved in with you,” John said quietly, shaking his head as he shut his phone off. “Your name – what were the chances? I thought it would have been good luck.”
“We might have that on them,” Sherlock said, leaning back and steepling his fingers together. “Oh, well done, John.” Sherlock’s mind raced, as he began to put the puzzle pieces of the past few months together.
“Yes, Master,” he replied excitably. As he walked uncomfortably closely to Sherlock, he muttered, “the sheer number of holiday travellers, university students, general vagrants I’ve had to relocate is astounding.” He rolled his eyes.
“You don’t have an army yet, because you think you’re aiming for quality, creating these vampires, rather than quantity.” He couldn’t help laughing.
“Will you be able to deal with this? I have friends you could talk to if you like, they could help you wrap your head around what just happened,” John offered.
Before it occurred to John what Sherlock meant, he started walking quickly too, followed by the others.
“Out,” Sherlock snarled, and even John jumped back. Watching the detective out of the corner of his eye, he moved the remaining bystanders out, and slammed the heavy door closed. Under Sherlock's hand, the man continued to struggle, fangs striking against his lower lips as they sought foreign flesh.
' John thought to himself as he quickly tried to figure out what had set the other creature off. When he stood back up, he saw blinding anger written in the features of the vampire. Taking his chance, he took the arm that had just hit the wall, turned it, and managed to get the other man into a headlock.
“Captain,” the woman said, glancing at John, handcuffing the vampire to one of the bars on the wall in one smooth motion.
“That was you?” John asked, surprised. It wasn’t often that a vampire as old as George would share his own blood to turn a human. It hadn’t occurred in the last few centuries, in any case.
“Great,” John said, rubbing his eyes. “Fine. We should get everything together, then, before everyone shows up.”
“In all fairness,” Gabriel said, pulling a length of silver chain from his belt, “You could have at least hinted that you weren’t dead.”
Lestrade nodded. “The team working on the case though it might be the last murder, seeing as nothing happened for a week after we found it. Apparently not.”Her thoughts were interrupted by Sherlock, and she looked at him as he walked to the head of the table, leaning down to look at the neck of the body. After staring at it for what seemed to be an undue amount of time, he straightened and swept around the metal table, stopping a few inches away and staring down at her.
“Someone was here recently,” Sherlock said, holding up a second candle. “Eight people, four bodies. Dragged, of course, they didn’t walk here themselves.”
“Well, yeah,” Lestrade replied, “So do I. John, too. But this kind of tests the bounds of blind faith, don’t you think?”
“On the contrary. It's excellent news,” Sherlock said, looking up and smiling dangerously at his friend. “Someone thinks you're a threat.”John looked back to the body and pointed to the lapel closest to Sherlock.
As John put together his weapons, he sized up their group’s chances. At best, it would be four against god-knows-how-many opponents, and that was assuming Mycroft was present in the vaults when they arrived. Their worst-case-scenario was forty vampires, but that was only a rough estimate. The numbers were not on their side. However, the quality of their fighters might balance things a bit: John himself was once one of the world’s most talented vampire hunters. He’d gotten slower over the years, to be sure, but he felt himself getting better with each passing hour.
Sherlock gave him a sidelong glance. “Don’t push your luck. We could do with a better map of the interior, before we do anything,” Sherlock said, pulling out his phone and opening one of the government databases Mycroft had once given him access to.
Sherlock looked out the window, his face difficult to read. John would call it a look of melancholy, if he thought his friend to be capable of it. At the very least, he was frustrated. After a minute of silence, he spoke.
John walked towards a light switch before both Charles and Lestrade called out to stop him. He paused, his hand above the switch, looking at them wonderingly.
“This is the main map,” he said, gesturing to a coloured map, recently dated. “Most maps showing the levels of the vaults that you can download from the internet are variations on this picture from the government database. He flipped it over to show floorplans for each level of the vaults.
“Eat your toast, then you'll have both,” John ordered in his best captain's voice, sipping on his own cup of coffee.
“Maybe not that bad,” John said, and leaned against the building beside him. “There's a club in London. It's hard to find if you're not looking for it, and it's even harder to get in. It's very nearly impossible if you aren't a vampire yourself, actually. It's where vampires and their – I'm not sure what the right word would be –
Hoping and assuming Sherlock wouldn't expect any more information, he moved on to a different topic. “What are you doing with the blood anyways?”
“Well, we can’t fly – not with all the guns I’ve got to take, even if I could have one of my contacts forge the customs documents in time. Can’t call Mycroft, he’s out of network. One of the Elders has a plane, but he’s with the rest of them in Romania.” John leaned back in his chair. “This has been planned too perfectly. It doesn’t matter what happens, we always seem to be a step behind.”
“She was,” Mycroft, for what he believed was perhaps the third time in his life, was at a loss for words. “I knew her. Occasionally she...” His usual subdued manner couldn't conceal his legitimately upset expression, and in that moment appeared younger to John than he ever had before. “Occasionally she worked for the bank. I didn't mean to.”
“Yes, I suppose so,” Molly replied, turning completely to face the body on the ground. A line of blood, following the path of the uneven floor, crept closer to them.
John dithered a moment. “Well, I always thought it would be cool to be turned in the Carpathian Mountain range. Sort of an old school vampire aesthetic.” He shrugged and backtracked a bit. “I mean, if you had to choose. That would be right up there.”
“Mine,” He said, baring his teeth and stepping in front of Sherlock protectively. The other vampire moved away, shrugging as he turned back to his own companion and started rubbing his newly-broken wrist.
John was positive that whatever was going to come out of Sherlock's mouth next would be unpleasant and require more apologies than he had time to give, so he spoke first. “Makes sense. I know this isn't pleasant for you.”
“I don’t always work alone, you know,” Moriarty murmured, and as the echo of his voice faded out, steps along the stone work of the passages far ahead could be heard, slowly coming closer. Sherlock shifted to try and see down the hall, and Mycroft glanced at him briefly, willing him to stay still.
John’s heart was thumping hard. He had to say something. He cast his mind around, far away from Sherlock’s gorgeous lips, his eyes twinkling, his perfect cheekbones unfairly highlighted…
Sherlock closed the door behind them and pulled off his coat. John looked around the room; it was fairly spacious, but mostly empty. The small bed was shoved up against the wall, and there was a mirror and a chest of drawers on the other side. The walls were stone – it was an old building – and they curved inward into two arched windows looking into a small, walled-off garden. Next to the bed, another wooden door led into a tiny bathroom.
Sherlock exhaled a miniscule breath of a chuckle. He brought one of his hands up to cover John’s where it rested against his chest.
The audience, whether out of shock or amusement or genuine happiness, began to cheer. Sherlock’s smile brightened.
All the air flowed out of John’s lungs in a silent rush. His heart stood still and heavy, crushing them.
He picked his way through waiting customers, zigzagging through tables toward the staircase, until –
The water paralyzes John. It’s so cold. His skin sings with a thousand needles of pain but he has to fight through it, he has to try, he has to stay afloat…
,” John let out, breathless. “It was a gift for Harry, from Diane.” John took another cautious step towards Sherlock. “She asked me to pick it up and hold onto it for her, so Harry couldn’t go snooping around again and find it.”
Sherlock didn’t move. He didn’t even put his violin down from where it was still wedged tightly under his chin.
His restlessness was clearly making Molly uneasy, though she knew better than to point it out. “Any thoughts, Sherlock?” There was an awful note of wariness in her voice.
A part of Sherlock knew that his anger at his brother was misplaced; even a man as powerful as Mycroft Holmes couldn’t dissolve Russia’s intolerant laws, at least not in the necessary time frame. Sherlock knew that even two men as clever and carefully deceptive as he and John would be taking a risk by coming here together. And yet Mycroft’s cool, immovable insistence in the face of his and John’s vitriolic protests had set his teeth on edge even as Sherlock had grudgingly accepted the case, under his brother’s repeated assurance that he would only need to be away for a couple days. But as the targeted Russian family unexpectedly went underground
“Ah, you’re awake,” said Sherlock, who had since sat down on the sofa with a book of his own – some new study on forensics that he’d been going through, and occasionally correcting. He snapped it shut with a look at John, though, and stood up.
He knew it probably wasn’t entirely correct, but he hoped desperately that it was good enough. It was absolutely
He only noticed the tears dripping down his own cheeks when he leaned down to press his lips to John’s forehead.
“No, I’m wise,” John grinned. He leaned back against the seat, his arms behind his head. “Stateside, I’m Prince Harry – without the weird family.”
John, however, paid them no attention, because Sherlock was coming toward him, stepping slowly down the stairs and brimming with joy so profound that John couldn’t see anything else.
He groaned low in his sandpaper-rough throat as he stretched out his leaden limbs. He rolled over onto his back and opened his eyes, squinting against the tempered late-afternoon light.
The feeling of excitement that had been bubbling in his chest for weeks now seemed to have congealed into a solid mass. His mind was still stuck on confusion, unable to process anything that was happening.
John pulled back to face him again and wiped away the tears rolling down Sherlock’s cheeks with his thumbs. It looked like his eyes were filling, too.
“John,” he murmured, gently. “You are so unbelievably brave, and generous, and you’re a wonderful brother –”
“More,” Sherlock crooned into his mouth, and that low baritone shot straight down John’s spine, making his toes curl.
Soon enough, John was pulled out of his thoughts by the front door of the flat creaking open, and familiar footsteps sounded out through the hall, stopped briefly in the kitchen, then made their way toward the bedroom and Sherlock was pushing open the door.
John in a pool of red with shadows playing over his pale skin. John on an operating table. John underneath a white sheet.
John's fingers moved over the keyboard, slowly. Sherlock was out on the porch, clipping low-hanging branches from the nearest trees.
John sank into Sherlock’s embrace and curled his fingers against Sherlock’s cheek as he kissed him so, so sweetly, and the gesture was so full of tenderness that Sherlock wanted to cry out. Instead he broke off with a gasp, gripping John to him as tightly as he could, and whispered a desperate “John,
, Sherlock thought, shaking his head. This was stupid. He was being stupid. It was just a dance. They were only dancing together, to a song that was an uncommonly slow one in the DJ’s otherwise bass-pounding playlist. It was just a friendly dance, between colleagues – just as he might have danced with Lestrade, or his sister – and she was only swaying her hips provocatively beneath where John’s hand was rested, he was only holding her by the hand as she moved closer and closer, she was only leaning and pitching herself forward, near enough to whisper in his ear –
He turned his head and peppered kisses all over his face, along his jaw, on his cheek, down to his chin. Soon Sherlock raised his head and kissed him full on, slowly, and deeply. All his tenderness and hazy contentment flowed from his mouth into John’s, then trailed down to the glowing embers of adoration in his chest.
He thought of John again, laughing in the school hallway with that breathtaking, careless joy, and a different sort of longing filled his chest – a bright ray of hope that could chase away all the darkness, if he’d let it.
Sherlock pushed his tongue greedily past John’s lips, and John moaned lowly as he responded with enthusiasm. The heat of his mouth was warm and inviting; he tasted like coffee and biscuits, like 20-year-old Scottish whiskey, like
Soon he was able to flag down a cab, and he climbed into it after John. He barked the directions at the driver as well as his broken Russian would allow, and then settled into the corner of the seat, purposely sitting as far away from John as he could manage.
But Sherlock barely heard him. He stared down at the CD set in his hands, everything else blurring around the edges.
“Yes, sir,” Mia replied. She had a subdued sort of voice that matched her dark bangs and heavily shadowed eyes. They followed Lestrade out of the office, then turned towards John.
“Seems my duty calls, then,” John beamed. He could feel the smile on Sherlock’s face, its shimmering rays brimming in his chest.
With shaky hands Sherlock rubbed slow, soothing patterns across John’s back, smoothed up his neck and threaded fingers through damp strands of silver-blond hair, until John’s breath evened out and his pulse slowed to a steady, firm beat. He lifted his head sluggishly, eyes still closed, seeking Sherlock’s lips without coordination, and Sherlock leaned forward to offer them. John’s mouth was warm and wet, his lips swollen red from kissing, and Sherlock pushed his tongue gently past them to stroke broadly along John’s own, licking softly and slowly into that inviting space, and John responded in kind, angling his face to kiss Sherlock deeply, if a bit clumsily, one strong hand coming up to sweep gently along Sherlock’s jaw.
Sherlock gave an unconvincing breath of laughter, and flipped open the container, plucking a few chips from the tray with his fingers.
all this had come from, but the desire to prove Sherlock wrong was mounting in him higher and higher. He’d make him see just how many people would fall over themselves to be with him, under the right circumstances. And if doing that involved sticking to this mad idea he’d pulled out of his arse which had taken hold of him without warning, so be it.
“I know, one second!” John shouted back as he shrugged off his coat. He readjusted the bags, then slowly climbed the stairs up to the flat.
He pocketed the radio and swung himself over the ledge of the roof, skipping the ladder and leaping down onto the platform of the fire escape. The curtains inside were drawn, but no light was visible in the room beyond, and the entire building was silent as the grave. Sherlock stood still for a moment, making sure it was safe, then pulled a small penknife from his pocket. He slid the blade underneath the window ledge, and after two or three slow passes the latch clicked open.
“You’re looking very dapper for a man in his forties,” he whispered sweetly against his skin, and John burst into a low chuckle, leaning gratefully back into the warmth of his embrace.
He shut his eyes against it, but it pulsed there too - red seeping through plaid cotton, red droplets spattering on black wool, red gushing too quickly like an unstoppable tide, too powerful to hold back.
They swayed in place, facing each other without making direct eye contact, and then the song stopped without warning.
John gaped, his breath coming shallow as his fear ebbed away and left a blank expanse of despair in its wake.
But Sherlock had suddenly stopped listening, because coming down the next flight of stairs was John, wearing a navy blue suit – a
Sherlock glanced sideways at him, saw that his Charming-the-Public smile was tinged with the barest hint of satisfaction. It made Sherlock’s skin crawl.
“Oh, not bad,” Sherlock smiled back, tilting his head up to receive John’s affectionate kiss. “It comes in waves.”
Sherlock chuckled, just a little, but there was no humour behind it. His smile pressed itself into a flat line, trying to keep from twisting it into a grimace.
John didn’t feel himself being woken up, but suddenly he was. There was a low howl coming from the direction of the window, and the sound of tapping and rustling. John felt goosebumps break out all across his arms.
John gave a winsome little chuckle. “Yeah, it’s a bit dodgy isn’t it? Looks like a finger from a corpse.”
The nurse leaned over and told him to relax, began her routine assurances. John turned his head, struggling to get his eyes open, and grimaced in pain at the bright ceiling lights. “Where’s Sherlock?” he mumbled.
Mycroft dispensed with the pleasantries as usual. “You’ll be pleased to know that we have John’s assailant in our custody. He’ll be tried for attempted murder in addition to his several counts of treason.”
He’d tried to shout, but the stone barely echoes back the whisper that comes out of him. His face is wet now too – warmer though, tears – and his throat is closing up.
They were throwing themselves off the pile, one by one, on the breeze that was carrying them out towards the pond.
John gave him a brief nod of thanks, then followed Sherlock out to the dance floor in a daze. Half of his brain still wasn’t sure this was happening, the other was inching its way towards a frenzy of excitement and panic.
Mycroft straightened up, papers clasped tightly under his arm. “No, he’ll be gone by now, but I can get Greg to bring you your –”
John sank into him, his other arm wrapping around Sherlock’s shoulders. Sherlock’s tongue pushed past John’s lips, which opened for him, gladly, and they explored each other, seeking each other out with soft touches and tender movements.
A sudden creaking noise on his left made him start, and he snapped out of his reverie. It was Sarah; she had perched herself on the edge of his desk, and had her arms folded across her chest.
, because I have nearly reached the end of my tether with this entire Baskerville situation, and I’m quite sure you wouldn’t want that to happen.”
“No, ‘course not,” John said with a smile that Sherlock thought seemed forced. “We’ll just get our things, then.”
From where he was standing, wiping down the glass paneling in the French doors, Sherlock was bathed in golden sunlight, and he looked like an angel.
The days leading up to Christmas were drizzly and gloomy. Sherlock took to spending evenings in the biggest sitting rooms downstairs, the curtains on the huge windows pulled wide on the off chance that the tiniest bit of light might find its way through. It never did, and the incessant rain battering itself against the glass just made him sink further into melancholy. Fitting, really, he supposed. It wasn’t as if there was a way to stop it.
He paused for a split second as he swung open the door. He was never quite prepared for what he saw on the other side, though he’d had plenty of time to get used to it. But still, there was Sherlock, so much paler and thinner than he had any right to be, perched on the sofa with a book and running a hand through his stringy curls. John supposed he should be glad that the radiation hadn’t taken
Sherlock smiled softly, trying to convey everything through the simple quirk of his lips; his gratitude toward John for coming, his happiness at their working together again, how much he’d missed him these past two weeks, along with all the words he’d been dying to say to him during their time apart, but hadn’t had the opportunity for.
“Um…” he began, then swallowed, and went on, nervously. “I’m…starting to feel a little uncomfortable about us working in such close proximity every day, and – me knowing so little about you.”
Molly blinked a few times, something dangerously close to pity in her eyes. Lestrade was the first to recover.
“It’s rude to stare, you know,” John smirked as he rummaged, not needing to look at Sherlock to know exactly where his attention was focused.
“Yes. Fireplace.” Sherlock worked to keep his voice even; he was suddenly feeling the adrenaline himself, though whether from the case or from John’s sudden presence at his side he couldn’t be sure. “Consistent with the last reports.”
“You don’t know that,” John said firmly. He leaned forward to force Sherlock to turn towards him, and Sherlock obeyed. “I told you; it’s a feel-good song, it’s nostalgic, and people love that kind of stuff during Christmas. I won’t say it’s not a long shot –” Sherlock gave a little scoff, “–but it’s
Something jolted just beneath Sherlock’s stomach at the sly little look he was giving him, and he had to force it aside.
The usual, disheartening feeling settled over him, pushing away his musings. They were all pointless, anyway.
“Of course, love, of course, anything you want, I’ll give it to you.” John’s voice was more heat than sound, breath sweeping across Sherlock’s lips, a hand coming to rest in his curls, stroking gently.
Sherlock had been keeping eyes to the ground for a week before he suddenly realized what he had to do.
“Thank you, love,” he said softly, stretching up to kiss him, quick but gentle. Then he looked down at what was in his hand. “Well, what have we got here? Feels like a book…”
The bass was pounding; everyone around them was swaying their arms, writhing their hips. Sherlock reached the centre of the crowd, then turned around, and began to move – easily, and gracefully, like this cheap pop number from the early noughties was something cool and sensual, like it was inhabiting him.
“No, don’t apologize,” John whispered. His eyes might have been shining now, too. “Don’t ever apologize for loving me.”
Not two seconds after he’d hit the end button, and another call was coming through. He answered it. “Hello? ...Elton!”
They kept swaying together, unhurried; the song might have gone on for hours. John wished it had. He wished it could have gone on forever, and he’d never have to leave this place – this place where he finally felt whole.
“Oh, a valiant explorer. I like that.” A slight breeze gusted past them down the road, and John pressed a bit closer to Sherlock. “Up on deck with my spyglass, looking for undiscovered countries…”
Harry blinked at him a few times, then sank back into the sofa cushions. Her head swivelled around, eying the woman behind the desk, the man keeping watch at the entrance.
For some reason, concern about the President’s upcoming visit seemed to be the main thread of conversation at Downing Street as the weeks wore on. Sherlock couldn’t understand why for the life of him. It wasn’t as if he’d have to deal with that
“A relationship based solely on the President asserting what he wants, without a care for the disrespect he’s shown to…”
John turned his face away from the DI, but Sherlock distinctly heard the snicker he tried to muffle with his coat collar.
“Sixteen days.” Sherlock’s hands roamed sweetly up John’s back, one settling in the space between his shoulder blades, the other wrapping around his torso and clutching his side.
John sighed softly, his expression filled with such tenderness it was unbearable, and he drew Sherlock up toward him to kiss him once more, slow and deep and warm.
“Thanks,” John said, taking his coffee and pushing a few sheets toward Sherlock. “Here – you need to sign these.”
Within half an hour, the pair had claimed the nearest taxi and found themselves dropped off on the road next to a cracked sidewalk leading to the beach. In the distance, they could see the dull yellow line of police tape waving in the early morning light, and a crowd of officers standing off to the side, some taking notes and others sipping their coffee. When they came close to the crime scene, they were greeted by Lestrade, who looked more exhausted than usual as he waved them forward.
“Don't be so sure,” Sherlock said, keen to get in the last word. He glanced at his watch. “Even accounting for finding a knowledgable vampire within the next few hours, we're late. Might as well get it over with.”
John turned from the window and darted towards the central control room. With the lights out, he almost didn’t notice that the handle of the door had been nearly melted off. At first, John presumed this was so someone could access the office, but on further inspection he realized it was so he couldn’t get in. The rage that had been gently bubbling under the surface finally reached its peak, and as his fangs came out, John slammed himself into the door with strength only a man with vampire blood could achieve. Someone knew he was coming, and John was beginning to think he knew who that someone was.
Soon, a man, younger than John, entered the cavern. He stepped slowly but deliberately - he was perfectly at ease, and by Moriarty’s immediate bowing of the head, clearly in charge. He wore a well-fitting suit, much like Moriarty’s, and his straight black hair was swept back from his forehead. Were it not for the fangs visible in his slightly open mouth, he would look out of place in the dark vault.
“Sebastian!” He yelled, walking away from Jane, rage evident in his eyes. The other man continued walking away from him, ignoring his cries. Confused and hurt, John looked away from his friend and immediately spotted a more interesting target. Alone amongst the fighting groups, a red-headed young woman waved coyly at him. She was neither a woman or young, John knew - Sylvia had been Tom’s mate since the mid-forties. It was immediately clear that this was Tom’s final jab, leaving John such temptation. She was not, after all, attacking anyone on the base - simply observing. However, Tom had quite seriously overestimated John’s willingness to adhere to his own moral code. Though he was typically compassionate, today was an exception. Instead, his first thought was simply that Tom had been unwise to leave his mate unattended. He took off running after her, and gleefully she led him across the complex.  Jane, watching him run, was baffled.
After another five minutes of walking, and Sherlock ducking into door frames and alleys every so often, John and Mycroft both suddenly stopped. They glanced at one another, and Sherlock walked back to the group, frowning about having to wait for them.
“We should have done this sooner,” John said softly, trying to lean into the hug, but worried he might pierce something vital if he pushed against the weapons under his coat too hard.
“I wouldn’t rather avoid guns today, Miss Hooper,” an impossibly old voice said from the darkness; it was soft, but could be heard as though the vampire were in front of them. “We are not a threat.”
Sherlock led them in, and once everyone was in the narrow stone hall, John pushed on the door until it clicked firmly into place. Sherlock pulled out a torch from his coat and illuminated the otherwise pitch black cavern.
“Some occasions call for it, unfortunately,” Mycroft said, smiling, as he picked up another stake and turned towards Moriarty.
“Come right in,” Lestrade said, sighing and gesturing at the seats in front of his desk. “Everyone else is scouring the city. Half of my team's at the crime scene, the other half is still at the hospital. That's where I'll be shortly as well, but I though I'd speak to you two while I still have a bit of free time.”
There was silence for a while. “I guess so. Sorry, Molly.” Lestrade hoped that covered all of the "sorrys" he hadn’t said – ‘sorry you’re caught up in this. Sorry I didn’t ask you out at that Christmas party. Sorry you’re being chased by vampires with me.’
“Damn,” Sherlock replied sarcastically, before leading the pair across the street. He glanced up at the castle in the distance. “Any chance-?”
“I know, just give me a moment,” he said, his fangs coming out unintentionally as he tried to think about other things. After a moment of silence, and Sherlock tapping his foot on the oddly sticky carpet, John tried once more to change his friend's mind.
“The base was always a target, we had issues for years, the occasional break-ins by angry vampires, sometimes full-on onslaughts by ancient vampire groups who didn’t like our presence. Most of them figured that since they were immortal, they didn’t need to be governed by anyone. Usually these kinds of insurrections were put down fairly quickly. On June the seventh at two forty-five in the morning, all hell broke loose.”
When he heard footsteps overhead, Mycroft entered the living room and picked up John's gun from the coffee table, tracing the side of it with a pale finger. While not entirely inexperienced with similar weapons, he couldn't help but feel awkward slipping it into one of the silk lined pockets of his trousers.
“Six,” Jane answered, correcting him. “You don't call, you don't write... I've had half the damn unit on my arse trying to find out where you'd gone, or if you were even alive, and I couldn't get your number until you texted me.”
“Ah, fuck it,” he heard John say, as the smaller man turned around and pushed him back into the room, pulling his friend down to his mouth with a hand around the back of the detective’s neck. Sherlock smiled into the kiss and shrugged his coat off, relishing the intimacy and urgency of John’s every movement.
Sherlock found himself discovering new physical pleasures available to him as an immortal with each passing day.
“John,” the man replied, tilting his head to the side as he looked over the doctor. “Such a mess you've found yourself in. I see you've brought others.” He glanced at the group standing behind John, who directed the conversation away from them.
“My dad spent most of his life hunting vampires, and he met my mum when he was in his twenties, at the height of his hunting career. He was more vicious then, less merciful – everyone is when they first start out. The first time you stake someone that's spent the night trying to kill you, it's like an instant hit of adrenaline. It isn't until you get older that you begin to notice the body count you've racked up. They had sworn off having kids altogether, knowing how stressful their jobs were, but then... Well, Harry happened. She traveled with my parents for the first five years of her life, until my mum became pregnant with me. Up until that point, my dad had more or less forgotten about the enemies he had made. He spent most of his time keeping vampire-human relations under control and tending to his medical practice. He only ever joined the front line when a major issue arose, or a council meeting was called.” He noticed a change in Sherlock's expression, but didn't elaborate.
Sherlock looked at him a moment more and then stood, followed soon after by John. 	“Lestrade, have an autopsy performed as soon as possible. I'm sure you have already realized that this case will take priority over all others you have on at the moment.”
“Well, we’ve been at this all morning, Doctor,” Sherlock said, stopping in view of the parliament building. “What’s your verdict?”
Sherlock was unsure what had woken him up first – the bright morning sun that was streaming through the window to his right, or the rhythmic rubbing of John’s thigh between his legs.
Another explosion sounded in the distance, and as John turned he watched as the uppermost part of the bell tower blew apart. This in itself would have worried John, but the fact that it was quite obviously a planned demolition using military-grade materials was what struck him first. Were they being attacked from within? The bell tower seemed an odd target, until he remembered that was where the base’s collection of silver- and wood-tipped bullets had been relocated following the last attack. Moved, he recalled, at Sebastian’s suggestion. John got moving.
“If I know vampires – and I do, they're predictable – on a Friday night they should be at King and St. Michael's.”
