this fic stands alone, but is also in a sort of conversation with
There's only ten minutes left in the movie, so Sam and Cas and Mom join Jack and Dean in finishing it. Soon as the credits roll, Cas excuses himself to jump on the phone. He takes the call up on the overhang by the bunker door. Dean can't hear everything he's saying, but his face looks tense and worried.
"What?" Dean says. "Dude, we're just having breakfast and beer." Not like Dad's gonna go all Flagstaff in the middle of their library, if that's what Cas is clutching his pearls about. "Just because the 'rents are taking a break don't mean I ain't still got joint custody. Right?" he adds, looking at Mom.
, Castiel said, seething, and it's true. Dean didn't
, she'd probably get it. She'd understand why Dean would defend him no matter what Sam or Cas said, even if they were right. Dean's dad was there for him when he was destroyed by grief, and it felt like nothing would ever be all right again. Mom knows what that's like; after the Yellow-Eyed Demon killed her parents, Dad was all she had. Good or bad, he still got them through the hard times.
He has a little breakdown about it the next day at 11 AM in the kitchen. It's nothing in particular that does it—he's somewhere between still hungover and already drunk again, his mind is wandering, and mostly what he feels is numb. But then something sticks in his head about how it's been less than a week and it already feels longer than all forty years he spent in Hell, and he's got more weeks ahead of him, weeks that stretch into months and years and maybe even decades. When he's fifty Cas will still be dead. If he makes it to eighty Cas will still be dead.
Facing the prospect of Sam spending eternity in Hell, Dean was more than a little drunk at the time, and since Cas was the only other person awake, he decided to get Cas drunk with him. Cas asked him about why he changed his mind and told Michael to get fucked, and from there they got to talking about why Dean nearly said yes to begin with. Dean tried to explain about Heaven; that it was more than just God turning out to be a deadbeat, it was that so many of Sam's best memories were Dean's worst. And when Cas asked him what made Flagstaff such a terrible memory for Dean—yeah, Dean had been just drunk enough to be honest.
Dean hovers anxiously from a few feet away. Sam said grace extraction was safe—relatively, as long as you didn't go too far—and Dean went first just to be sure, but it's no joke to scrape the last remnants of an angel's grace out of its vessel. It hurt Dean like a son of a bitch, and Cas was a lot nicer to him than he's being to the old man. Dean didn't go through all of that with Michael just to have something bad happen to his father now.
They seem to reach an agreement. "I'll go," Castiel says. "Please keep an eye on Jack." What John hears, though, is
(See the end of the chapter for
"Sam?" calls Mom, from atop the bunker stairs. "Dean?"
Dean clutches his head. "No," he groans. "You can't have him!"
"You shouldn't have," Mary says. "Jack, we've talked about this. You can't keep falling back on angel powers when you can use human solutions. I don't want to see you get hurt."
But clearly, it was a big deal, and it was a hell of a lot longer than half a fucking minute.
"Why?"
They're only catnaps, but Dean dreams, a little. It's more like letting his mind wander when he's awake. It's okay. He's not sleeping deeply enough for Michael to get to him, and they're not bad dreams. But they are about Dad.
"And did you...?"
"He's really not," we say with a smirk, and we drag the tip of the angel blade up Sam's collarbone and across his throat, just deep enough to break the skin. Dean screams his silent fury, but Sam becomes very, very still. That's good to know: even the mighty Sam Winchester can be made to act as prey. "Small wonder that you were the one who had to throw me in and close the door. Dean never could have done it on his own. What you don't understand about your brother, Sam, is that he is fundamentally weak. He broke in Hell. He broke for me. And if I don't get what I want, he's going to break you."
"Because I didn't know it was you! I couldn't!" Even if he was sober trying to explain this would make him sound crazy, so he doesn't bother. "I thought after—after all that, you'd at least say something. You'd want something back."
Another voice, male, demands, "Where is he? Is he here?" A pause. "What happened to your face? Did he—"
Theoretically, that means he could, like, commit to Cas or whatever. They could do the whole monogamy thing. If he was gay, which he's not. And it's really almost too bad.
His breath ghosting over Dean's ear sends an unexpectedly pleasant shiver up Dean's spine. "I dunno," Dean admits. None of it? All of it? Dean doesn't have a fucking clue. He's never done this with a guy and liked it, because he's never done this with a guy for his own pleasure, when he wasn't getting paid. Hell, even with women, Dean's always a gentleman; he comes last or not at all. But this isn't just some sleazy john at a truck stop, or some random one-night stand Dean will never see again. It's Cas. It's different. Dean needs Cas so badly, and he trusts Cas not to pull any fast ones, but he has no idea what he's doing here. He might as well be a virgin. He's glad that at the moment Cas can't see his face. He tries, "Whatever you want?"
to indicate that he's risen to the bait, but Sam keeps his back resolutely turned. So John sighs and dismisses himself instead.
Dean never really realized until then how Dad made Sam feel. That's how he made Jack feel, too. And with Michael running down his clock, Dean's not sure he's ever going to be able to fix that. He hits pause on the movie and turns to Jack, giving him his full attention. "The way I treated you was wrong," he says. "I never got the chance to apologize for that. I'm sorry, Jack."
"Even when he hurt you?" At Dean's sharp look, Jack holds his hands up in surrender. "I accidentally overheard Mary talking to Sam."
Sam draws back in shock. "What?"
"I meant Mom and Sammy too," Dean is quick to add. He hesitates. "And, you know. You're here now."
And speaking of Dad, Dean's eyes slide towards him, totally unthinking—he realizes a second too late he was about to ask for his keys back, for permission. But Dad shrugs and looks away, hands shoved in his pockets, and Dean remembers that Cas got them back. They're sitting on Dean's nightstand right now. Dean doesn't have to ask Dad for anything.
with you." The corner of his mouth turns up. "And because I'll drive your car again, if you like. Smite some more vampires, maybe."
Maybe to keep himself out of trouble and in John's good graces, maybe to protect John's feelings, but he's been
We backhand him again. John's wedding ring splits open a small new cut on his cheek, just like the one he got during that first scuffle with his father, the day John came back.
"I gotta turn in," Sam mumbles, scrubbing at his face. He catches Dean's eye. "You good?"
The one thing Cas doesn't talk about is dying—what he said.
Dean can't quite look at Cas, but he does hear him sigh. "You're grateful," Cas says, like it honestly hadn't occurred to him before.
Something about the way he says that last word grates on John's nerves. "Anymore?"
"Fuck. Yes," Dean agrees blearily, and rubs the grit out his eyes. His whole body aches. "Morning, sunshine."
! please go show them some love if you have a tumblr account <3
Cas is still staring unhappily down at his phone. "Mary asked to borrow my truck," he says, digging the keys out of his pocket and going to place them on the bumper. "She and your father are taking the long way home. She said they needed time to talk."
There are two creepy-crawlies already living in the bunker's walls, if you ask John, but he's got enough sense to know now's the wrong time to take a swing at that particular beehive. After all, he promised Mary—and besides that, he's getting the feeling Sam can and will break his nose if he pushes his luck as far as Castiel and Jack are concerned.
Pathetic. The only creature here capable of killing us, and none of the rest will let him. All they're doing is buying us more time.
When Dad was gone, it was okay to get a little pissed. When Dad was gone, it was all right to admit that none of it was fair. That kind of anger is safer. It doesn't have any direction. Whose fault is it, anyway, that Dad just couldn't swing parenthood? The Yellow-Eyed Demon's? God's? Dean's? Didn't matter, as long as it wasn't Dad's. Dean could do things like talk to Sam about all those times Dad would send him away, or to tell Cas about what happened in Flagstaff when Sammy disappeared on his watch.
Castiel must know. He must know what Dean sold himself for that very first time, and he still—
Cas gives him a little smile, halfway between nervous and something else Dean can't put a name to. "You think there's something else you're supposed to do for me. But the truth is that I was already with you, in every way that mattered. I lived with you, when we weren't traveling. I worked with you. I fought by your side. I burdened myself with your problems, and you with mine. I trusted you above all others. We shared secrets. We shared a family. We even raised a son together. What more could I have asked for? What more could I have wanted?"
Sam turns the last plate over. "Dean did," he says. "And I did. I told you—Cas got us out of Hell. We wouldn't be here if not for him. Cas has gone to bat for us more times than I can count."
"I'm..." Cas hesitates, then admits softly, "You frightened me. Not what Michael did—I was frightened for you. He took you over and over, and I couldn't stop it. I thought I would have to break another promise to you. I thought I might lose you. I don't think I've ever come so close, not even when you had the Mark. I don't know why I'm doing this
Dean would rather it not come to that. Obviously he'd prefer to die with Michael than to live with him forever at the bottom of the Pacific—if he could figure out how to kill them both in one fell swoop, he'd do it in a heartbeat—but they have no idea if Jack would have a soul left after using up that much power, and Dean's got to put him first. Better for Jack to cool it with the angel stuff for a year or ten years or a thousand, or however long it takes for him to refuel the tank the natural way, and then he can be regular Jack again.
"It was the only way—"
to use my soul..."
Still fighting for air, Dean rolls, repeatedly slamming his elbow back into all the soft parts he can find. The vampire's grip slackens just enough to give him one desperately needed rush of oxygen. Dean can't maneuver well enough to get the machete out of his belt like this, but he sure as hell can pull one of his hidden switchblades out of his coat, and if there's anything Dean's good for, it's dealing out pain. He sinks that blade right into the arm that the vampire's got around his neck, and it goes so deep Dean feels the tip scrape his own adam's apple when it comes out of the other side. Dean forces the blade up through tendon and muscle towards the vampire's elbow as hard as he can. That isn't enough to kill it, but it's more than enough to get it to let go. Dean just needs three seconds to scramble to his feet and whip out his machete—then it's toast.
But Sam fixes him with a strange look. "No, she didn't," he says. "Mom won't tell us anything, no matter how much Dean asks. She says it's not our job to clean up your problems or fix your marriage. For the record, I agree with her," he adds, and takes no care to keep the rebuke from his voice. "But you know Dean. He'll never stop trying to fix it."
Dean presses his face into Cas's neck. He slips his hand under Cas's still-unbuttoned shirt, for no other reason than to let it lay against his ribcage and feel him breathing. It's a little cool in the garage, and Cas is so warm. He still smells good. Dean's slept next to Cas almost every night for weeks now, but he's never slept
Dean hums under his breath as he cooks, and after a few bars John recognizes
going to run to town and get some marshmallows."
can imagine. More than I could bear."
So John does the hard thing: he sets down his mop and bucket, and sweeps Dean into a hug.
Once they get back to the group, Dean reports, "I counted nine, but there's at least one room inside we couldn't get eyes on. There's a back exit and the front door, and one exit up in the loft they might use. I say we split up."
," Hatchet Man says. "
The room gets quiet, at least aside from Michael. Dean shifts uneasily from one foot to the other, and realizes he's waiting to be given permission to take a seat. But this is his house, right? His and Sam's. Dad's the one sleeping in a guest room. There's an unused desk in the corner; Dean pulls out the chair and flips it around to sit down.
Sam hesitates. He looks like he's actually trying to weigh his pros and cons. Dean urgently hisses his name.
"I told you, with the angels nearing extinction, Heaven is on the verge of collapse," says Cas. "My grace wanes in and out. There are times when I barely have enough to heal even simple injuries. Bringing Dean back from the dead might require more power than I'll ever have again."
, which you can listen to on either 8tracks or spotify.
A chill runs down Dean's spine at the memory of Cas's bloodied face and the feeling of his own mouth forming words he never wanted to say, the residual fear threatening to claw up his insides if he lingers on it for too long. "It's not your fault, Cas." If Dean had been stronger, or if he hadn't had that moment of weakness in the front seat that night to begin with...but even knowing what it cost, he can't bring himself to regret it. Nothing too bad happened in the end, right? Everybody was cool about it—even Dad, if you grade him on a curve, which Dean does. "Besides," Dean points out, "you stopped him when it counted."
And so, John and Sam do dishes. John washes, Sam dries.
! these are cool talented people who have their own cool stuff to look at, so if you enjoyed this fic, PLEASE go show them some love!! (ps: i actually forgot to add this when the chapter originally went up, but seating arrangements for this awkward family dinner can be seen
a quick shot."
Dad's jaw works for a long moment, his eyes bright. Dean can hardly stand to look at him. "And you had the same jailer I did."
Michael? But he's—
Cas hums in thought. "If an ordinary exorcism won't work on a high-level demon, I doubt an angelic one would affect an archangel. But it's a place to start. Perhaps if we could build or find another Newton-Dee Hyperbolic Pulse Generator..."
Dean's not sure he does either. He regards Cas with suspicion. "What are you doing in here?"
But Dad either doesn't notice or doesn't care, because without any further deliberation he unhooks his duffel from the doorknob and steps inside. Dean hears him lock the door behind him.
Cas holds up his phone. "I'm keeping an eye on things," he says. "Lie down."
Then he hears Mom scream.
"We've been talking about doing something like this since before Christmas," Cas explains. "Only with everything that happened with Michael..."
It's time for last resorts.
said yes to Michael."
Mom's shoulders slump in relief, which, aside from the hugs, is the most emotion Dean's seen out of her since she walked in the door. "Are you sure?" she asks. "It's just a few clothes and his toothbrush. I can get it."
But...
to clock him right in my kitchen."
"That bother you?" Dean asks, tone deliberately light. "Wouldn't blame you if it did." Maybe that's why Cas never seemed to care whether or not they moved things past kissing. Maybe that's the real reason why he didn't want Dean to return the favor just now, and all that stuff about doing things
There is a long and thoughtful silence. Sam searches John's face. "I think," he says at last, "that Windom was the first time I ever really understood you. Dean and I fought over it, you know? Dean said the best way to protect Adam, or the thing we thought was Adam, was to keep him as far away from all this as we could. But all I saw was danger. How could we let Adam go on to live a normal life, when anything could come after him—for revenge, to use him as bait to get to us, or to you? I thought the only way to protect him was to train him, because we couldn't watch him all the time. And I finally got it—why we grew up as soldiers. Because the biggest difference between us and Adam wasn't who went to shooting practice and who went to baseball games. It was that we were the ones left alive, and he wasn't."
Dean said yes to Michael. To save Sam and Jack, and kill Lucifer.
Dean doesn't blame him. He'd sure as shit keep his lips zipped. But that's not how the rest of the people in his life are. Everyone always wants to talk about their feelings. Dean expected some kind of nagging, lingering looks or awkwardness, for Cas to start avoiding him out of sheer embarrassment, or maybe even to try and walk the whole thing back, like—what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Shit you say right before you're about to bite it can't be held against you, especially gay shit. Dean had a whole plan of attack ready for when Cas inevitably brought it up—deflect, change the subject, assure Cas that he didn't tell anyone, if need be. Never, ever speak of it again.
for a post-chapter 6 comedown. they're really very good and i like his art very much, you should definitely go check them out!
But Dean shakes his head, silent. He hasn't told Cas about the hallucinations yet, and he doesn't know how to explain this latest thing, this hallucination-that-wasn't. Dean can feel it—Michael gets tired after he screws with Dean's head like that, and he was still wiped from what he did over lunch: replaying the distant howling of hellhounds when Dad mentioned dogs, then startling Dean with the exact sound the door made when Sam slammed it shut after him to go away to school, and showing him, however briefly, the walls of that old cabin.
"All good," Dean tells Cas, with a shaky smile. His vision's starting to clear, and he can see the worry on Cas's face. "Sorry." Coming out here was a mistake, he realizes that now. He wanted to do his part to clean up Michael's messes, but he's not on his game. He could've gotten them all killed.
"Almost there," Castiel says. "I can see the car."
Cas turns his head a little to break the kiss, laying a couple on Dean's jaw instead. This isn't so bad, actually. Dean's starting to thicken up in his boxers. He is rapidly beginning to recategorize the way he thinks about stubble. "What do you want to do?" Cas breathes.
"Fine," Dean says through gritted teeth, even though he clearly isn't. He looks around the room with new eyes, scanning the walls as if seeing something John can't. It reminds him uncomfortably of Mary, as Dean often does; the spooked look in his eyes is identical to the expression she used to wear when something or someone reminded her of the day her family died.
"And where is Michael now?" asks Dad.
What? John frowns. Does he mean Dean?
Jack smiles.
"You're right to be afraid," we tell Castiel. "The magic that child uses is not infinite. The power it would take to kill me will burn off what little soul he has left. Are you prepared to sacrifice your only son?"
Cas never brings it up in front of other people. Dean didn't have to ask him not to do that; he just doesn't. And Cas is always the one doing the kissing, and never on the lips. That suits Dean fine. Cas is the gay one here; Dean's just along for the ride. He doesn't mind if it's Cas. He never minds when it's Cas.
Sam shakes his head. "She said I could do it," he says, and Dean doesn't miss the trace of real pride in his voice. "We practiced on the phone. She said my pronunciation is even better than hers." He claps Jack on the shoulder, and gets a folded piece of paper out of his pocket. "You ready?"
"I'm happy, too," Cas says. "I can't possibly describe—I'm so relieved. I guess it was just...too much at once."
Dean smiles, for real this time, hidden in her hair. "No, it's fine," he tells Mom. "You're doing great, trust me. This touchy-feely shit's hard work, everybody has a few hiccups at first."
Looking at her now, though—now, John isn't so sure.
This boy is the devil's spawn. He's the antichrist. His
. And then John used him and used him until there was almost no sense of self left at all. A necessary evil, sacrificing his sons like pawns. Anything to finish the fight. The problem was that John threw himself into that fight so hard he lost sight of what—or who—he should have been fighting for.
"That's not funny," Cas snaps. "I just said I might not be able to bring you back. I'm not going to gamble with your life!"
"Dean," Cas protests.
"Hey, Dean," she murmurs.
This wasn't exactly like that. Dean just heard Dad singing, and—
gay. In addition to the thought of fucking men making him want to throw himself into traffic, Dean definitely still likes women. Not a lot of things beat a pretty blonde waitress with a great rack. But the older he gets, the less he feels the need to actually go out and get lucky. Firstly because most of the hot chicks are already hitched, but also because he's not in his twenties anymore. It's not that he's never in the mood, but he's got other things to focus on, and it's a lot of work and good luck involved just to scratch an itch he can get to just as easily with his laptop and his right hand.
, for lending me her editing eye and incredible attention to detail, her insistence on consistency and less italics in general, and also her ESSENTIAL sam girl sensitivity reading, which made this fic BETTER. if you liked sam in this fic, it's 'cuz i wrote him for her, and because she helped me push the sam stuff to its max potential. i hate when fic erases sam, and since this one was about the family dynamic first, i couldn't be more grateful for her input, even when it made more work for me (maybe especially when it made more work for me - that usually meant she was right). cathy writes VERY good sam fic and does cool/fun things with experimental media, so i want all 600+ of you to go check out her stuff, ok?
Belatedly John realizes he's still got a promise to keep to Mary about laying off the boys. "I'm not asking to give you a hard time," he says. He tries to gentle his tone, but he's having difficulty keeping a handle on his anger. He's tired of being left out of this conversation. "I meant what I said this morning. I want to do right by you, for once. I want to help."
"I've got a pickup," Mom says. "We can just put everyone in the back."
John remembers enough of Hell to remember the offer the demon gave him every night: that it would put down its blade if John picked one up. And John said no. That demon never could break him, because John was already broken, broke for good the night he saw his wife burn. But what about Sam and Dean? Are his sons the kind of men who'd pick up that blade—or worse?
Mary reaches across him to pick up her—good God, is that a phone? Is that what they look like now? "Dinner bell," says Mary. "We always try to eat as a family on Thursdays. Board games after."
Jack panics, looking to Sam. "What should I say?"
Near the end of the fifth movie, though, the bunker door squeaks open, surprising both Dean and Jack. "We're back!" Mom calls. Dean and Jack meet each other's eyes and panic. "The movie," Jack hisses.
"What?" Dean asks, scandalized. Again: gentleman. "But you..."
What he means is: Castiel himself still looks like shit, from where Michael tried to bash his face in. He fucking hates John's guts. Why the hell would he forgo healing himself in order to try and save John?
, for the sharpest typo-hunting eyes i've ever had the pleasure of working with, and powering through 100k+ of a fic written in her SECOND language, AND go back to double-check some parts when i rudely edited them after she had already gone through on her initial sweep. she's a badass, and if you find ANY typos in this fic, they are MY mistakes.
"Yes," Dean says from the table, and Cas shoots him a glare and says, "
To that end: Cas. Cas doesn't need sleep, and he has perfect time-keeping abilities. So after everyone else goes to bed—because, hello, embarrassing—Cas sneaks into Dean's room and sits with him while he rests, waking him every half hour, to make sure Dean can't sleep deeply enough to get within arm's reach of Michael. It makes the whole "watching over" business a bit too literal for Dean, but hey, desperate times. It sure as hell beats the alternative.
One more time. Dean can do this one more time. Michael's still tired right now. Dean might be a dead man walking, but he is
. But Dean, for his part, has his jaw firmed, his chin lifted, even as his eyes stay lowered. He's scared, but he's steeling himself to take his lickings standing up, just like John always taught him. That makes John sick too. He's the one who put that look on Dean's face to begin with. And suddenly, John can't stand to be here. He wishes he wasn't here at all.
Story of Dean's life: either way, they lose.
He still sounds scared, and also completely miserable, which normally would eat at Dean, but right now is a huge fucking relief. Can't be that scared and miserable with no soul; Jack's must have survived this latest fiasco. "That makes two of us," Dean says. "As long as everybody's okay. And it doesn't happen again." Can you ground a half-angel two-year-old teenager for using up his soul to kill super-vampires? Dean's gonna have to talk it over with Sam and Cas. He can't take his coffin ride in peace if he's worried Jack's going to go soulless on them after he's gone.
sucks—but we help a lot of people. We leave the world better than we found it, and we kick ass. And this place, these people—it's a hell of a lot closer to a picket fence than I ever thought we'd get."
And he can see the moment Sam decides not to fight about it. There's a hard, considering look in his eyes, like he's deliberating some decision—then his shoulders drop, and he backs down.
"Uh," says John.
. There's really just no accounting for taste." Then Sam quiets, suddenly a little more serious. "I just know with—with everything, it can't have been—been—well, I didn't wanna give you a hard time about it until you had your act together, that's all."
Is that a challenge? "Michael's gone," Dean reminds him again, an idea forming in his punch-drunk, sleep-deprived brain. "You know what that means?"
"If I open the door," John says, "will you take me and go?"
but Dean's seriously not gay. He did what he had to do, to make sure Sammy had hot lunches and school supplies, even if that included doing other guys for cash in shady truck stop parking lots. He's had more than enough experience to say with authority that no, he's definitely not even a little gay. The first time he did it sucked, so to speak, and it never, ever got less bad.
Dean catches sight of them with the spoon in his mouth and jumps like a scalded cat. "Dad!"
Dean turns. Mom's got one eyebrow lifted. It's her
"What is your color?" Jack asks.
And actually—yeah, Dean's starting to think he really might be.
Not for the first time, Dean's voice and his courage fail him. He takes a couple of deep breaths, but the rest won't come.
It's true, but Dean isn't sure why he said it. Maybe, secretly, some part of him was hoping Dad would say,
"Except you," Sam says.
Dean rolls his eyes. "Trust me, I've heard them go at it more times than I can count. I can fill in most of those blanks."
Not like he's flashing back. Not quite. More like—
," Sam says, somehow putting decades of disappointment with Dean's taste in movies into a single word. "You're inflicting these on Jack?"
?" he asks, low and urgent. "You're trembling." His other hand comes up to cup Dean's face, thumb running over the sweat beading on his brow. Dean leans into the touch and feels Cas's forehead press against his own. Dean might kiss him if he wasn't so scared.
"Gross," says Dean, but he takes them. It's not even close to the weirdest way he's wrapped up a hot date in this car.
"...wasn't like this, you know," Mom is saying, over the clink of dishware being cleaned and put away. "He was a lot like the boys, actually. Oh, especially Sam. I could never tell Sam that, I know he'd take it the wrong way—but John was so kind. He had this puppy dog look that made you want to tell him all your secrets. They even give the same bear hugs. I'm sure you can't imagine."
With a monumental effort Dean forces himself into a semi-upright position. He takes five unsteady steps out into the hallway, leaning on the wall for support. Sam trails him, uncertain; Cas hangs back by the door. "Dean, the dungeon is that way," Sam reminds him.
was sorta-kinda mentioned in john's journal, which gave me heart palpitations. and finally, here's
And then John realizes: Michael is the only reason John's back at all. The wishing magic Sam and Dean were using was never meant for him. It was always to get rid of Michael.
capable of love. John felt it. If a thing as cold and sadistic as Michael can love, then it stands to reason the rest of them can too. There's no other reason Castiel would despise John so much and heal him anyway, that he would even despise John to begin with, unless he—
The words die in his throat. Sam meets his eyes, jaw working, and doesn't look away.
Normally this kind of quiet doesn't bother John, but today it makes him uneasy. "It's good meatloaf," he tells Dean. "Reminds me of your mom's."
, John thinks, among other things, and winces at the memory. He's not doing a very good job of making up for any of that right now. "That's not your concern."
," she says into his shoulder, even as she pulls him to her, presses a desperate kiss to his temple. "That's not your job. You're the one who got hurt!"
Does Castiel
Dean looks down at his own hands, but they aren't his hands anymore, because he's not the one in control. Slowly, one by one, his fingers open up. This isn't a hallucination; this is Michael, reaching out from his cage with newfound strength to save his own life. Even for archangels, survival instinct is a hell of a thing.
"So what's your problem?" Sam asks, cautious.
"Sam?" Jack asks. God, John almost forgot the kid was here. "Sam, are you okay?"
He thinks the hard part is going to be doing it in handcuffs, but while he's slicing a tomato, lights explode behind his eyelids, and when he looks down there's a skinned, pulsing hand on his cutting board. The walls start melting, the smell of meat sizzling on the pan reeks of burnt human flesh, and the hair metal on the radio gets replaced by the screaming souls of the damned and forsaken.
Sam's jaw works. "It's the opposite of okay."
"Mom?" Dean says, like that should be obvious. There's been an edge of accusation in his voice since he lost his temper, and it's only getting worse. "You made her cry last night, Dad. She won't even tell me what you argued about."
They're interrupted by footsteps in the hall. Dean's heart stutters like a siren before a storm, and sure enough, a few seconds later, the pressure drops and there's Hurricane Dad darkening their doorway. The whole room goes silent.
"Michael," Dean says quietly. He nods at the blade in Cas's hand. "That'll work. I could feel how scared he was. But he..." Dean shudders. "He made me let go. He moved my arms. And it won't be long before he's moving the rest of me."
Mom's trying to put a brave face on it, but her eyes are bright. "He knew about two cracked ribs, for starters," she says, voice wavering dangerously, and Dean feels his heart sink like a stone. "I asked John, in the truck, if he ever—and he said one time, it was just one time, but he didn't tell me that it was—that he—" Mom's tears spill over, and she paces over to drop to a seat at the table, leaning forward under the weight of it.
couple of things: i split the
When the light dies down and Dean lowers his hands, he sees Cas grinning at Jack ear-to-ear. "Your wings are back," he breathes. Considering how Cas's own wings looked through Michael's eyes, Dean would expect there to be some envy in his tone, but there's nothing but naked relief. "It worked!" In the span of a second Cas has got his arms tight around Jack in the same kind of rib-crushing hug Dean's dad gave him an hour ago in the kitchen.
Yes, it is hard. Dean wants to protect other people from his dad, but he's also got to protect his dad from everybody else. He's worried any minute Cas will blow his top because Dad said something awful about Jack, or that Sam will drop the wrong childhood detail that ruins Mom and Dad's marriage for good. Dean knows his mom. If she knew about some of the stuff that Dean's only ever talked about to Cas, she'd be horrified. She might not even want to be with Dad anymore. How can Dean be responsible for ruining that kind of happiness, especially when he might be leaving them all forever soon? It's taking everything he's got to hold it together as it is.
"I'm sorry," Jack says suddenly. "Did I say something wrong?"
Why doesn't he say anything? After all that, why won't he bring it up?
Dean can't stand it. He's always hated seeing her cry, even when he was little. "Hey, don't apologize," he pleads quietly. He takes one of her hands in both of his. He says again, "I'm okay, Mom, see? I'm okay. It wasn't even that bad."
Dad's initials, of course, aren't on the table. He never carved them into the Impala, either. Matter of fact, he'd been pissed as hell at Sam and Dean for fucking up his car. But he never did replace that back panel, and Dean took a lot of comfort in that.
Oh. Something in John despairs. They were never supposed to know how bad it got. John was careful not to mention the demon blood to Dean—what little he did have to tell Dean was awful enough on its own. "How did you find out about all that?" he asks softly.
Dean carefully lets his hands rest on her shoulders. "Hey," he says, still surprised. Mom's gotten a
Dean wets his lips, a little uncertain. He has no idea what Cas is going to do. "Yeah, okay," he croaks.
"He's in the kitchen," Dean says, "but Cas, listen to me, it was just an accident—"
"We're sure," Eileen agrees. "It's really him."
But there's nowhere else to go except the car. And Cas would find him there, just like he did before. Much as Dean loves his baby, he doesn't want to sit and stew in her while he's pissed. It was—a good night they had, him and Cas in the front seat. Dean doesn't want to ruin the memory.
Holy shit.
Dean reaches for their deck of cards. "Hey, Sammy. Shuffle up and deal."
Dean is in the dungeon, angel cuffs half-on, leaning against the wall with both hands over his ears, while he waits for Sam to re-feed their chains through both of the iron wall mounts for extra strength—when all of the sudden, the noise just stops.
—" Sam starts, but the door opens ahead of Dean and there's Cas, and Sam yells "Catch him!" and before Dean can make it out Cas's arm wraps like iron around his chest.
Pain as the fangs tear out of his flesh. The vampire snarls, hunched over—and then it stops dead, trembling, and begins to scream. Light and fire start pouring from all the orifices in its head, and every cell in Dean's body goes slack with relief. Dean knows it's Cas before the vampire's corpse falls to reveal him standing there.
, Dean thinks.
argue tone. "That's out of the question. We're taking you back to the dungeon. It's the only way to keep you safe when he busts outta there—then he can have me."
partially as research for this fic. it's not strictly canon compliant, but it was great inspiration. i also wrote
Dean expects Jack to say something like,
"What?" Dean asks, anxiously. She can't have figured it out from one—
Jack warily takes a few steps back, keeping his eyes on John's hands, and how tight his grip has become around his machete. "You're acting like Dean used to," he says. "But Dean knows I'm good now, or I'm trying to be. Sam and Mary do too. Don't you trust your own family?"
Jack sighs in the long-suffering way that only two-year-old teenagers are capable of. "Maybe if I could get my powers back, so I didn't
So Sam shuffles up and deals. There's no real betting when they're just playing for shits and giggles, so he skips the initial blinds and deals all five table cards face-up.
"Your wrists will bruise," Cas replies, unhappy.
"This is a clusterfuck," Dean tells Cas. He scrubs a hand through his hair. "What was Jack thinking, bringin' up Hell like that? He should know better!"
, Dean said,
Yesterday, during that tussle with the vamps, Michael was strong enough to reach through that door in Dean's brain and grab at one of his worst memories: Mom burning on the ceiling. Today, he did it again, but this time he had more control—he managed to cause a physical sensation, a hallucination of something right in front of Dean. And next time? When Michael tries again—and he
Sam lifts his eyebrows. "You put us on this road," he says easily. "For better or worse. So you don't get to backseat drive. When you died you left things to Dean, just like you always did. So leave them to Dean. Trust me—he's got both hands on the wheel."
"Good job, son," he slurs.
my good friend
"Cas," Dean groans. His vision is blurring and he can't see. Where is he? "Hey, man, give me a hand here."
Somehow it still doesn't feel like enough. Cas said he was okay, that they were good, but Dean still gets the feeling that he owes Cas one.
Sam takes a step towards Dean, and the streetlights flicker. Sam wears that raw press of demonic power like a cloak; he's smug and comfortable in his own skin. He looks taller in the dark. Dean almost forgot what it was like to be so scared of him. He steps back, but Sam keeps following him "Sammy, stop—"
It's clear enough that Sam considers that particular quirk of Dean's personality a serious character flaw and that John's the one to blame for it. John's starting to feel like he's the one getting a headache. Sure, Dean's always put too much on his shoulders, partly because of John and his quest for Yellow Eyes, but it also comes from a place of caring, and John can't find any fault with that. Still, for Mary's sake, he says, "Son, I don't suppose you'd accept an apology." He'd have to say it through his teeth—but for his family, he would say it, if it helped.
Cas reaches down and cups Dean's face so tenderly Dean feels as though any moment now he could break right into pieces. Dean closes his eyes and turns into the fingers splayed across his jaw. He parts his lips without meaning to, and presses an open-mouthed kiss into Cas's palm. It's a lot like he imagined, except without the scary part. Very quietly, Cas says, "You can help me with that tomorrow."
So that's how it's going to be. "You sure about that?" Dean asks, maybe a little too sharp. Michael echoes his skepticism with far more glee. "'Cause you said before you could help me, and you didn't."
"I know," Cas says again. Dean never told anyone, but Cas still knows. "That doesn't change anything for me."
"He does this all the time?" John asks, his alarm rising. "What, and you all just let him run around vaporizing people?"
"How long?" Sam asks. "How long did you know?"
as always, please be nice to sam and mary in my comments section, and for the final time, i hope you enjoy the chapter. <3
"Whoa," says Dean. "Uh, thanks."
Sam cuts him a glare. For all the strangeness since John's been brought back, this surliness, at least, feels familiar. "Bobby Singer."
"Dean," Cas says again. He reaches out and Dean flinches. Stupid. It's just Cas. He's afraid Cas will drop his hand, but Cas just slows it down, telegraphs his movement before his fingertips touch Dean's jaw. Gently he turns Dean's face towards him. "Why are you so determined to see the worst in yourself?"
a man. John can't decide which part is worse. He knew Dean had issues, from the way he had to grow up, but he just didn't realize the true extent of the damage.
And so, for the first time ever, Dean is the one to tilt his face towards Cas's, and not towards his cheek. This time, their lips meet in the middle.
That's why Dean can't do it. He's afraid that if it came down to it, Mom would pick him over Dad. He doesn't ever want her to have to make that choice. If she and Dad have even a snowball's chance at happiness in this sad, doomed little world, Dean can't be the one to take that away from them.
Sam considers this for a moment, eyes darting back and forth. Then he seems to make a grim decision, and says, resigned, "Kate Milligan."
"I—" Mom folds her arms close to her body. "I need to go put your dad's things in one of the guest rooms."
John looks around as best as he can, but as far as he can tell, the room is empty. It makes the hair on his neck stand on end; after what just happened, he does not want to be alone with an angel,
Cas seems to hear that last part, even if Dean didn't say it out loud. "We'll find a way," he swears. "We will, Dean, don't give up."
Cas looks decidedly less than enthusiastic at this suggestion, but if Dean can keep a two car-length distance between his dad and the angels, he'll be a happy camper. "That sounds like a great idea," he says, and claps Cas on the back in apology—in the manliest, most platonic way possible. "You oughta let Jack get in some driving practice. See if you can teach him to parallel park."
," Cas and Dean both say at once, and Dean meets his eye and then looks away, mortified. For fuck's sake, their little relationship hasn't even hit the one-month milestone and they already need couples' therapy. "No," Cas says again, and dries his hands. "I need to take care of a few things anyway. Perhaps the two of you should talk instead."
Dean loses it. Maybe he's a little loopier than he thought, but right now it feels like the funniest joke he's ever heard. Cas finally lets him go, and—gently, lightly—shoves Dean's chest, sending him sprawling to the bed. Hint taken: Dean pulls off his jacket and boots.
Mom scrubs at her face. "What?"
"You see," Castiel says, taking another step forward, "I'm going to give you something you've been asking for all along. Something your wife and sons would never even dream of letting you have."
Sam's hands are empty. John has to remind himself to start washing again. "Ancient history, huh?" he echoes. It sits wrong, Sam telling him how things are going to be, instead of the other way around. But he hears Mary laugh from the library, and his nerves settle. She's here. They're all here.
, and not said one word while Dean talked, just the way he didn't say one word about it for the five years after he found out, not until Dad came back. Flagstaff hurt Sam too, just differently. And he hurt about it so quietly that no one noticed—not even Dean.
This is the second time an angel's whisked his son away from him in as many days, and both times Dean was clearly in some kind of danger. And given what John just saw the kid—not even a full angel—do, he's got half a mind to march off after them and tear Castiel away from Dean with his bare hands. Angels are real, and angels are dangerous. There's no arguing that now.
"You want to do what's best for this family? You want to know what I really want from you?" Dean's vision flashes white. The lights in the bunker hallway have started to flicker. "Stop walking out on me because it's easier for
"It's that bad," Cas breathes. It's not a question. "They're in the trunk. Can you walk?"
"Still me," Dean mumbles. He forces his eyes open. "Is Mom okay?"
To John's surprise, his throat is almost too tight to swallow. This is what he always wanted for Dean: a home, a family. He left his boys alone in the world, and all they had was each other. He lived every day scared to death something would be smart or dangerous enough to take them from him—or worse, that whatever sickness was inside Sam would get the better of him, and compel him to fall in line with all the plans the demons had for him, turning him into the very same kind of thing their family hunted. Dying hadn't alleviated his worries, but seeing his boys like this does. So they didn't get out—at least they're together. At least Mary is here. What could matter more than that? Maybe it's better this way. Their family is together again. John couldn't have even daydreamed of this. That's how incredible this is. More than incredible: it's perfect.
"So am I," says Sam, and strikes.
,  and of course john making mary mixtapes is a nod to dean having done the same for cas.
"Of course we are," Dean says fiercely, and the force of his own answer surprises him. Only a few minutes ago, after all, he had been wondering the same thing. They really are a couple of idiots. No wonder it took them more than a decade to put poor Sam out of his misery. Dean hesitates, then adds, "And it's still for keeps, right?" It feels kind of stupid to say it now, but it wasn't fair for Michael to tell that stuff to everyone. Dean wants those words to belong to them again.
Dean's heart is in his throat. Maybe...maybe just like he always knew, a little bit, that Cas loved him—maybe Cas knew that he knew. Maybe he knew the entire time that Dean knew, a little, and that Dean didn't mind. Maybe that's what he means. The thought is more than a little worrying. Was it just Cas, or could everyone could tell?
Dean folds his arms. If the apology doesn't come with locking Dean in that box, he's not sure how much good it's going to do.
"Someone's been playing Frankenstein." He specifically doesn't mention angels; Dad's already suspicious enough of Jack and Cas. "Trying to breed monsters stronger, to take out hunters. Those 'roided up sons of bitches are a real pain in the ass."
And then he falls silent. But now that John's looking at him, looking at Dean and truly seeing him, there isn't anything else left for him to say. Because for the first time, John truly understands what things were like—are like—for Dean. Michael showed him. Because Michael wasn't just in Dean's head, he was also in Dean's shoes: the eldest son, loyal to a fault, relied on too much and given far too little in return, thanklessly, endlessly serving an absent father with no hope of a reward. That absence broke Michael, and John sees now that it very nearly broke Dean, too. Dean has spent a literal lifetime feeling John's pain and trying to protect him from it, but now John feels Dean's pain more acutely than he ever has. And he understands what a miracle it is: that the weight of the world didn't crush him, that Dean has lived through everything he's lived through and is still standing here at all. Michael, in trying to hurt Dean, unknowingly gave John a kind of wake-up call he didn't even realize he needed, something he would never have even been capable of hearing had it not come directly from inside of Dean's own head. John might not understand all the choices Dean's made, and he might not approve of everything Dean does, but right now all he wants to do is ease Dean's suffering, the way Dean's done for him time and time again.
"Come on, Cas," Dean says, a little desperate. "I took a swing at you, didn't I? Got you right in the kisser. So go ahead and take a shot at me. Any way you want."
"Good morning," Cas says, wearing this fond little expression like he didn't just spend eight hours and change sitting up playing lookout for Dean. Then he ruins it by adding, "Dean, you look terrible. No one would blame you for staying behind."
Dead, then. John wonders who, or what, killed her. "Sorry," he says roughly. He'd like to know who exactly Jack's biological father is, but with Mary giving him that look he can't bring himself to press it right now.
Hands touch Dean's shoulders and he jerks away, tripping and going down hard. "Stop!" he says again, "Stop it, stop it, it's not gonna work—"
hurl. "And speaking of hurling," he adds, "don't forget about Montana. Remember when Sam got that stomach bug? Wasn't me that stayed up with him four nights in a row."
"Me and Sammy, we've seen and done it all," Dean says. "The stories I could've told you, if I wasn't so scared you'd...I lived in a real house, Dad, with a mortgage, and a woman and a kid, and then I left them. I helped raise a kid I thought was a monster, then nearly broke when I lost him. I've been killed and brought back to life, I've been possessed, I've been turned into—a ghost, a vampire, a fucking demon. I've fought angels, demons, and everything in between. I didn't just kill Yellow Eyes, me and Sammy killed the
"—stop feeding her horror stories about our shitty, messed-up childhood, Sam."
"Castiel?" Mom asks, surprised. "I've seen him get rough in a fight, but he's always so gentle with Jack."
, he thinks at Michael, hands clapped over his ears, and imagines that door in Rocky's with a thousand locks on it, with piles and piles of furniture acting as barricades. That's not good enough. He pictures Sam and Cas in front of it instead, locking it up tight and holding it closed for him; they're stronger than he is, after all, because they're the ones who threw Michael in. Himself he imagines in the driver's seat of his car, on the open road. Michael might be riding shotgun—or, more accurately, locked up in the trunk—but Dean's still the one behind the wheel. He's in control. He has to be, at least until Cas can get those angel cuffs on him. He can't let Michael hurt his family.
had it bad, it was just bad in different ways, and they were both so neck-deep in their own shit they couldn't understand how much the other one was hurting. They spent their entire childhoods thinking the other one had it easier when they both got the shitty, fucked-up end of the stick. They argued about which one of them was Dad's favorite when really neither of them was, because Dad's favorite was always going to be Mom.
"You mean Jack and Castiel," John grumbles. He can't help but add, "You're settling because you've never known anything better. I know you say they're family, but a couple of angels can't replace a wife and children, Dean."
Cas is mostly quiet while he's doing that, but then when Dean is zipping back up he asks suddenly, "Was it all right?"
finally: warnings for this chapter! it's pretty tame, all told. minor content involving needles, discussion of past abuse & past sexual violence, and some homophobia, some of which is unintentional/benign and some of which is not.
Cas makes a face, and Dean realizes it's more or less what he said when he offered to let Cas fuck him, if he wanted. "No need," Cas says.
Dean shivers, clutching at Cas's shoulderblades with white knuckles. They shift under his palms with the movement of Cas's hand. Heat crawls up his chest. He doesn't want Cas to stop.
True pain. Warm blood pouring out of our new body. These are sensations we are unaccustomed to. It hurts, it
Michael.
," Cas says again, taking him by the face.
"You're still doing it!" Dean says over him. Pain lances through his head, but he can't stop for anyone, not even Michael. Not even Dad. He'll never get another chance. "You haven't learned a damn thing! You show up here after thirteen years and think you know better than me—all you wanted to do was throw yourself in the fire so you could be the good guy again, and hope none of us would notice it's just another way for you to leave your family behind. Don't you get it? Death is easy—living is what's hard! You would have had an easier time killing Sam than reaching out to him and saving him because you're a coward, and every time things get too dicey, you start looking for a way to bail. You spent twenty-two years running away from the fact that whether you killed the demon or not, Mom would still be dead!"
"And he's
loved. Cas holds him like he's precious. It's not a feeling Dean's used to. Even after their kiss in the hospital parking lot, they didn't touch each other like this, except for one brief half hour after their night in the car together. It's a lot of contact all at once. It's almost like without even realizing it they were both waiting for Michael to leave.
Cas crosses his arms. For a guy who's supposed to be in love with Dean or whatever, he looks really unimpressed. Dean missed that expression more than he thought was humanly possible. "And if I had asked you for anything, anything at all, what would you have said?"
John spends much of his third day back in the land of the living alone. He wanders through the bunker like a ghost, but his family is too busy putting their heads together over some undisclosed problem to pay too much attention to him.
"Man," Dean says, leaning back against the seat and closing his eyes, "on the outside chance I do make it out of this, I promise you, I can do better than some psycho reaper." He adds, nice and sarcastic, "I used to be a professional, after all."
for me. And now we're free! God's dead! So—fuckin' name it, man. I gotta make it right. You want us to act like it never happened, take a swing at me, that's fine. You want a tumble, I can do that too. Floor's all yours. Lay it on me." Actually, the thought of fucking Cas kind of makes Dean's stomach turn, but if he can fuck guys he doesn't even like for money, how bad can it be to fuck his best friend as a favor? Wouldn't it be worth it, if it was really what Cas wanted, to make it all up to him? Maybe that's too much like a pity fuck. Dean just doesn't know the right way to gently turn down the extremely intense advances of your gay best friend and actually stay friends with him without shit getting weird. Weirder.
Dad jabs a finger in Dean's direction, but he doesn't touch him again. "You could have told me that days ago. Instead you've been going around behind my back, lying to my face, when all I asked was for you to be honest with me—"
Oblivious to Dean's sudden revelation, Dad lets out a sigh, bringing his hand up to pinch the bridge of his nose. "I don't want to fight with you," he says finally. "We don't have to do this. We can start over, Dean. Just tell me what's going on, so I can help. C'mon, kiddo, the last thing we need is you doing something stupid."
In one way, Dean's right: John does have more important things to be worrying about. But there's nothing he can do to fix things with Mary except try to fix things with Sam and Dean.
It's definitely what Sam or Cas or Mom would say. But Jack frowns, thoughtful, and what he comes out with is, "No, you said it's like me and you. You thought I wasn't good, but I was, or I am now, or—I can be, at least. You were good enough too, Dean. It was him that didn't understand."
Sam spreads his arms, an open target as he advances. When did he get so tall? He's been moving forward this whole time, just like he always used to do during fights; he always was one to get up in John's face. But for the first time ever, John finds himself stepping back.
" Dean interrupts. "You're telling me that bitch is still kicking? I thought Metatron cracked her walnut."
Cas squeezes him, a little. "I told you," he murmurs. "The happiness isn't in the having it. It's in being next to you. It's in getting to say it. I meant it when I said I don't need anything else. This is more than enough."
overprotective."
Dean closes his eyes. It's only thirty minutes, but it's the best sleep he's had in a long, long time.
"Sammy," John says, alarmed, "what the hell are you talking about?"
"Adrenaline wore off, I guess," Dean says uncomfortably. Cas shouldn't really have adrenaline rushes, but he also shouldn't be able to sleep or enjoy the taste of Dean's cooking, and in the last year or so Dean's seen him do both multiple times. With the angels near extinction, his grace wavers in and out. Sometimes he seems like normal, juiced-up factory settings Cas, and sometimes he seems very nearly human. Dean takes a breath and then reaches for Cas's hands with his own. "I bet you're just tired," he says. "We all are."
Dean feels Cas's fingertips on his wrists. He doesn't grab them, not like he did in the dream, but coaxes Dean's hands away from his face so that he can meet his eyes. "It was a nightmare," he murmurs, and yeah, all right, he must have seen. Fucking horror show in there, God, nobody should be looking in on that—but Cas doesn't seem half as upset and disgusted as Dean is. "Everyone's safe."
"Dean—"
, Dean thinks, but of the two of them, Sam's currently less sleep deprived, and he swings first. He gets his ass handed to him for his trouble—one hit to his chin to daze him, another to knock him back, and then he gets tossed into the bookshelves behind them. That's Dean's cue.
Of course, now that Dad's here, nothing seems to fit anymore. There's six of them, and only five seats in the Impala.
Oh, shit. Dean swallows, throat suddenly far too dry. He licks his lips. It takes him two tries to get out, "Not really."
shit, Cas rests his thumbs on Dean's belt buckle, and makes eye contact.
Dean doesn't find out until they get back to the bunker. Sam ushers him ahead and carries all the grocery bags himself, and when Dean steps into the kitchen, he's greeted with the sight of Cas, Jack, and his parents standing there waiting for him, and—decorations.
That's a nice thought. Dean chuckles, but doesn't reply. His eyelids are getting heavy.
"That's just not true," Cas says, and Dean jerks his head up to look at him. He almost forgot Cas was there. "Dean, you were a child—"
He lets his hand reach up, at last, to smooth the emotion away from Cas's face, and doesn't take it away.
, and he's going to keep lying, and there's pretty much nothing John can do about it, not with Sam breathing down his neck. And where does that leave John? How is he supposed to find out what's really going on here? Sam and Mary won't tell him anything, not while he's on the outs with both of them. And Jack is obviously out of the question; after what happened yesterday the kid's doing all he can to stay as far away from John as possible. Being around him makes John's skin crawl anyway. He's creepy.
Dean doesn't get it. "Okay, but you still want me to bang your gong, right? That's why you never said anything?"
Dean never told anyone, but when he was little, he looked forward to when they ran out of money, because he liked sleeping in the car better than he liked sleeping indoors. Sometimes, he still does.
Un-fucking-believable.
love. She was fierce, and fiercely protective; she always got so firebrand angry at anyone who implied John being a mechanic was a lousy lot in life, a path best suited to guys who were all brawn and no brains. She could command a room just by walking into it; once, when John lost track of time at the bar, she came looking for him and quieted that whole room full of rowdy men with one sharp two-fingered whistle. And she could diffuse the tension just as easily as she set it up—when one of the younger fellas by the jukebox tried to make a pass at her, instead of punching his lights out like she so clearly wanted to do, she asked him sweetly, "Are you sure you're even old enough to be here, sugar? Ask me again when you have your mama's permission." It got a big laugh from the crowd, which meant John didn't have to find a new watering hole, even after she made a scene dragging him out on his ear.
No. Sam can't be a monster. For God's sake, he's still Mary's child—that's got to count for something. He's standing right here in front of John, cleaning up the kitchen after a family dinner. He doesn't even fight with John anymore. Whatever happened to the boys while John was gone, it couldn't have involved demon blood, right? If you can count on anything in this world, it's that Dean always takes care of his brother. John's being ridiculous. The voice his paranoia speaks in sounds only too similar to the demon that tortured him in Hell, and even though John's out now, it's torturing him still, with this kind of doubt. If something was wrong with Sammy, Dean would know. Mary would know.
"It won't be."
That's not fair. This is Dean's life; why won't anyone let him choose how he ends it? Dean shoves the last of the empty beer bottles in his trash bag. "You know, when it was the other way around, I backed your play," he says furiously. "Remember? You jumped, and I just sat there and let you. Or no—I
That's vastly oversimplifying the issue, but it does seem to take some of the stiffness out of Dad's shoulders. "So he can't just jump in one of us, not without say-so."
Dean sees Jack fidget with a peanut butter cup out of the corner of his eye. "I didn't know he was like that," Jack says hesitantly. "When you talked about him, you always made him seem like such a good person. I thought he'd be more like you."
It's the same as it always was with them. It's just like it used to be. Dean slots back into place next to Cas so easily it scares him. They kill some monsters. They go to a bar. Cas rides shotgun next to him for eight hours and spends the entire time talking about the history of beekeeping in Argentina and Dean doesn't get tired of hearing his voice even once.
"We could always play for pennies," Dean muses, warmed by the sudden fond memory of Dad teaching him and Sam to hustle with pocket change when they were still in grade school. A thought strikes him. "Better yet—lowest hand has to eat the last slice of cake. Icing too."
to die," John says, frustrated. "That's what the magic brought me back to do. I was going to take Michael with me. I shouldn't be here!" That's two fights, now, that he wasn't meant to survive.
Sam goes first. "I'm aces," he says, and lays his cards on the table. "Literally. Four of a kind."
Sam looks up from his work. "And of you," he says. He pauses, like he's thinking about saying something huge, and Dean holds his breath, but then Sam seems to change his mind. He goes instead with, "You know, Dean tells you that stuff because he trusts you. And my brother doesn't trust anyone."
John creeps closer to the storeroom door. It's been reduced to splinters; the noise was what prompted John to leave his bedroom and come see what was happening. His first impulse was to simply storm in and demand answers, but nobody's been very forthcoming with those. So instead he hung back. More likely, then, that he would get his answers whether Sam and Dean wanted him to or not.
Dean takes the book gingerly, running his thumb over the leather, resisting the urge to open it up just to breathe in the smell. "Thank you," he says quietly.
"I know, I know," Sam sighs. His jaw works. "It's not something you would have wanted me to do, I get it. But you should have seen Jack's face. He kept looking at Dad's hands. Like y—like he was afraid. Like he thought Dad was about to take a swing with his machete right on the spot."
Dean used to think it'd never work. There would always only be so far he and Cas could go down this road together, because Dean's not into dudes, not like that, not in a way that counts. Not unless he's getting paid, and he hasn't needed to do that for a long, long time now. He figured keeping it in park with Cas was the best it was ever gonna get. Better that than them winding up in a ditch.
John misses when he was bleeding on the floor from the not-quite-mortal wound she gave him. At least then he was allowed to touch and comfort her.
, not you. You had no fucking right."
Dean walks into the room with Castiel on his heels, both of them carrying pots and trays of the dinner Dean made. "Don't worry," says Dean. "We only told him the good stuff."
They can't kill Michael without another archangel, and all the other archangels are out of the picture. All this research—they must have been looking for another way. Because if they can't find one, Dean's going to throw himself in that box, maybe forever, to keep Michael from hurting anyone.
also made another tragedynatural edit (maybe my favorite one yet) which you can see
"But it was more than that," Sam continues, looking back down at the pages. He's not even giving this conversation his full attention. "Only certain people can be vessels. It runs in the blood: Mom's bloodline was for Lucifer, and yours was for Michael. With Dean and I having both, we would have made them unimaginably powerful. But their fight...biblical is an understatement. They would have torched half the planet. So Dean and I found another way."
"You owe me one," Cas says. "For the fries."
We won't give him the opportunity. We whirl, slamming him with one of our wings and pinning him to the wall. "I'm done playing games! I'm done bargaining. You
Cas can't even meet Dean's eye. "Michael will not have you," he swears, "not while I—"
Cas is something else.
Which is a little unfair, actually. Dean already knows he's not a creep. He waved Cas away, sure, but he didn't mean, like, don't touch him
"5:18," Cas answers. "Your mother should be awake already. We meant to leave early, but—Dean, I can stay."
The last time John did dishes must've been when Sam and Dean were still little. John almost never actually saw Dean cleaning, but when he did, he washed, and Sam dried. John strongly suspects nothing has changed in that regard, except that now he's elbow-deep in dishwater instead of Dean because Dean isn't here. He's outside with someone who's not even human.
"Gay?" Sam suggests.
Dean doesn't make a big deal about it. He says, "Sam, you and me in back so we can talk," pretends to think a minute, then adds, "You drive," to Cas, and tosses him the keys.
Or at least it would be, if not for the two interlopers sitting at his family's table.
, so if you like tumblr you can browse at ur leisure. i've been asked a few times if edits/transformative works/etc are ok - yes, absolutely, i'd be honored, just please send them to me so i can see them and be excited about them!!
"Yeah, and we put him back in," Sam says. "And then we killed him. Dad would be proud. Should be proud, anyway," he adds in a mutter.
"It didn't take," Cas explains politely. "I seem to be something of a..." He searches for the right phrase. "...queer fish?"
That's it, then. In Dean's head Michael sneers his triumph, and Dean lets out a slow, even sigh, trying to stay zen so he can't escape early. Cas might be trying to drum up more leads, but they're out of time. It'll be any day now, any hour,and there's nothing left anyone can do. "It's okay," he tells Sam.
happy thursday & welcome back to ur weekly installment of the john winchester hate club!! one of my favorite scenes of this fic is in this chapter, i'm very excited/nervous about it. i may have spent a good portion of yesterday wringing my hands. thank you so, so, SO much for all the love last week, there are not human words for how overwhelmed with gratitude i was. please don't take it personally if it takes me awhile to respond to comments; you all have left me so many it is literally taking me days to get to them all. it is the best sort of problem to have. <3
He's starting to get it, maybe. How Cas could love him without needing to fuck him. It's fucking crazy.
Son of a bitch, he just means Michael. That is so much better. "You got me," Dean says weakly. His heart is still racing, matching pace with Michael pounding in his head. "Never could pull one over on the old man."
Dean waves him off. "Look, just give me five minutes," he says. "I'll be back before you know it." So saying, he high-tails it before anyone has a chance to argue, leaving his own plate half-eaten behind him.
Dean meets his eye. "No, it wasn't. If we hadn't taken care of it, people would have died. And it's not enough to get Michael out of me," he reminds Sam. If it were that easy, they could just try one of Alastair's old angel exorcisms. "If he left the door open once, he can do it again, and I can't live that way, Sam. I won't. Even if he did decide he was done with me, I'm not letting him take some other poor schmuck for a joyride either. That still ends with him burning down the world. At least as long as he's locked up in here, he can't hurt anyone."
Dad meets his eye with the kind of look that always made Dean's soul wilt. "I don't believe you. You said you were in Hell for a short time. But I know it was longer than that. When you woke me up—I know it was longer. Son, tell me the truth. How can I believe anything you tell me if you're just going to keep lying to my face?"
, the very first "john & dean"-ish song i ever heard, off of a now-lost fanmix i found on livejournal way back in 2010. it's been a favorite of mine for many years. if you're into listening to music while you read, i made
But for all of that, Castiel was as good as his word: he didn't even shoulder-check John on the way out.
Dean appears in the doorway behind the newcomer and shoulders his way through. "He's a friend," Dean says, and adds, "a
"I can't believe I was at home parked in front of the TV while you were
," Dean hisses. The bolt of terror that strikes him at the thought of his father leaving their bunker is accompanied by a banging in his head. Michael is now at a solid six. How could Sam say that to him? Good, bad, or ugly, he's still their father. Sam can't just kick him out of
It was more like Dad was forgiving him than apologizing. Dean always thought that was uncharacteristically kind of him. But in order to forgive him, Dad had to make it his fault. Not just losing Sam, but making Dad go postal too, because it was Dean's fault Dad wrongly thought Sammy was dead. And if it was Dean's fault Dad got angry, it was Dean's fault he got his ribs broken. Everything is always Dean's fault, because Dean's always the one screwing up.
Of course, they're both thinking about the initials carved into the Impala. But this is different; it's not just Sam and Dean against the world anymore. They have a family whose initials are all carved alongside theirs. Mom added hers a while back, and later after Jack came back from the dead Dean insisted he do it too. Dean remembers how Cas stood in the doorway watching, a proud parent head to toe, but making no move towards the table himself. Dean had to spell it out for him; get out one of his switchblades, toss it to a wide-eyed Cas, and ask, "Well, are you coming, or what?"
for their help. without them, this chapter would not exist. <3
"I'm not gay," Dean insists, voice rough. "I did what I had to do."
If circumstances were different, though, Dean might've tried. As a rule he's not into dudes, or at least he didn't think he was, not until Cas came along—and wasn't
"Dude," says Sam. "Watch your mouth in front of Mom and the kid."
, after they've come this far, that he sounds sad. "I know. It's okay."
Dean stumbles to his feet. "Forget it. I'm going to bed."
Cas is scowling openly now. "They're not that different. Dean can come with me."
"You don't know that," John whispers. "How can you know that? I do trust you, son, Dean too." Sam's expression does something complicated, like what John said caused him pain. John jabs a finger in Jack's direction. "But I don't know that thing. It's not even human. How am I supposed to trust something that's not human?"
"You killed Lucifer," John remembers, with no small amount of wonder. When Mary told him, John was still so shocked at the devil being real that he almost forgot about who took him out. "How do you kill something like that, anyway?"
His fault.
"The hell I don't," Dean snaps. He didn't live with the memory of his brother jumping into Hell on the backs of his eyelids for a year for nothing. "But I can't ask Sammy. He can't do it. I can't ask Mom. I sure as hell can't ask Dad. So I'm asking you, because you're all I got. Cas, I am begging you to help me."
Bitterly, Mary says, "Thank you."
That was Flagstaff.
"Oh, Mom," Dean breathes, torn between exasperation and heartbreak. "Hey, come on, Dad didn't know. Nobody knew. I don't even know how Sam figured it out." And Dean's going to be having
"I'm certain that would have violated the kitchen rules."
Sam frowns. "So we cleaned them up," he says. He hesitates, and then grabs Dean's shoulder. "You don't have to be...worried. You know? You're too old to—to get in trouble. I mean, what do you think he's going to do?"
. also,
But the fight's over, and Dean's a real man now. His hair's buzzed shorter, and he's got a respectable amount of stubble on his chin. He's wearing a simple flannel, sleeves rolled up, and it's only too easy to picture him elbow-deep in the guts of their old Chevy instead of standing in this kitchen. And his clothes actually fit now. He's got meat on his bones, real muscle born of hard experience. John's boy wears most of his age in the wrinkles around his eyes, now, but there's not one inch of him the years haven't carved into a stronger, harder, more dangerous hunter than he was when they saw each other last.
"I've got it," Cas agrees. He meets Dean's eye. "I'll be right behind you. Whatever happens—Sam and I will both be there."
"—you watch out for Mom," Dean says over him. "You gotta—"
"I get it," Mary says finally. "It's easier to think that putting distance between you is the way to fix it. It always worked with us, you know? I mean, Dean's right. Even before the boys came along, when we fought it was always you running—and hell, me letting you. You'd stay at Mike and Kate's for a few days, and then it'd all blow over, because we loved each other, but it'd never really get
Jack squeezes him back just as tightly. "Thank you."
truth," he says, disgust creeping into his tone. "Not mine. Flagstaff happened to
Ah. Dean shoves another handful of popcorn in his mouth so he has a second to think about his answer, keeping his eyes on the screen. Finally he says, "Shoot."
Castiel turns his head to the side, but he doesn't face John; his eyes are only for that box, and he doesn't seem to care that his back is open to someone who'd be willing to kill him. "That's not your concern."
Unbidden, John's eyes find the box shoved against the back wall. Just a few days ago he'd been standing in this very room watching Sam hurriedly pull the tarp down over it.
John's eyes flick away from the mirror. He can't even look at himself while he thinks about it.
," Cas says again. He looks like he's getting ready to step between Dean and the kitchen door.
"It was me," Dean insists stubbornly, and finds that his hand is coming up to cover Cas's, to keep him here. "Trust me, Cas. It's always me." There's something about Dean that invites people to use him up 'til there's nothing left—a loaded gun, a punching bag, a warm hole, a willing vessel. Sometimes it feels like the only person who doesn't get that is Cas.
Dad gives him a little nod. There's another short silence. Then Dad says, "Well, bet's a bet. Pass me that cake, huh?"
Because now that Dean's older and Dad's back, he understands that Sam never cared so much about Dad's approval because Sam had already figured out way back then that there was nothing he could do to make Dad change. Part of Dad was always going to see Sam as the freak with the demon blood, the reason behind the fire that killed Mom. Flagstaff and all, Dean knows without a shadow of a doubt that his father loves him. He's not certain Sam would say the same thing—he's not even sure that Sam would have ever said it, once in their entire lives. They
"What?" says Sam.
Something changes in Cas's face, then; some kind of happy-sad emotion that makes his brow wrinkle. Dean's hands want to reach up and smooth it away. "I think you already do," Cas whispers, and can't quite seem to help smiling. "I think you already are. Of course you're good enough; the only reason I can love you at all is because you taught me how."
"Sam had to veto ordering one of everything on the menu," Cas continues. "Mary was in favor, but he expressed concern about the sodium content."
, he thinks, and his father's boots swim into focus. But—
kind of wink.
Dean is caught totally off guard at the way his eyes prickle at that question. Dean's close to his mom, has been since he broke through that brainwashing the British Men of Letters put on her, and they're always honest with each other now—but he didn't realize she'd noticed. "I'm okay," he says roughly. "Mom, I'm—I'm thrilled he's here. I haven't seen either of you look so happy since I was four. It's like—sometimes this family feels so cursed. So we deserve one good thing, huh?"
"The really evil ones always need a special sword," Sam says, wistful, like it's an inside joke with a friend he doesn't talk to anymore. "We couldn't swing it, not back then. Fighting was what we were trying to avoid. So I said yes, and put the devil back where he belonged—with Michael, in the Cage, the one in Hell. The fight never went down, not here. But in that reality—things went a little differently."
Is he thinking of how they left things before Stanford? John thinks about that all the time. But he can't afford not to push this. "Dean's my son. You're both my boys. I've got a right to know if you're in trouble."
"This place," John says, in amazement.
"Hacked the patient records," Dean says. "Except patient records get tossed after seven years. Patient
Dean talks over her. "He was the only one there, after." He remembers long nights spent in the car, the only safe place in the world. "When you had nobody, and nothing, he was there. He came through. Don't you get that? Don't you remember what it was like?"
He's still not gay. Ask him before this and he'd have said thinking about sex with men would give him hives every time. Men stink, literally. They're sweaty and hairy, all hard angles and bad breath and greasy fingers. Dean can't count the number of times he used to have to wear his old leather jacket in the summer to cover fingernail marks on his wrists, or keep his shirt on when he was sleeping so Sammy wouldn't see bites on his stomach and hips. Sometimes, if he had to blow a guy and had the motel room to himself after, he'd make himself puke in the shower, just so he could get all that filth out of him. Even then, Dean spent years at a time never feeling clean. Men make Dean feel like he's drowning.
we're talking about here. You don't know how serious this is—"
"Don't," Sam says wearily. "Just don't."
, he remembers Dad shouting, just a few days after the fire. He shook Dean by the shoulders, tears in his eyes, whiskey on his breath, ignoring Sammy crying in the next room.
Sam and Cas rush in. Cas scoops the blade up off the floor very first thing, but Sam kneels next to Dean, one hand on his face so he can peer into Dean's eyes. "Dean? Dean! Answer me, man. Is that still you in there?"
"Every...fine," says Cas. "...too slowly. Come on."
Mom frowns, taking her hand away at last. Dean is both relieved and disappointed. "Dean, you don't have to—like you said, I've been with him for a decade. I know him better than anyone."
He looks up when Dean enters. "Only a few hours, now," he says.
After a long moment he manages to meet Cas's eye again. "What time is it?"
Immediately John starts and tries to jerk free, but agony shoots through his ribs and up his spine, and Castiel shoves him back down against—something thin and lumpy. Mattress. He's on a bed in the infirmary. "Wh—?" He breaks into a coughing fit. His throat is so dry he can't speak.
If there's any one thing Dean knows about Michael, it's that he is inevitable. Even after everything Dean did to fight it, when push came to shove he still bent over in the end. And with Michael there was no such thing as mercy; Dean became the right hand and blunt instrument for a violent, cosmic being that was both infallible and utterly absolute, something that was more than happy to ride him hard and put him away wet. Michael is a force of nature, as patient and deadly as rising flood, and as slow-moving and certain as a hurricane. He's an unstoppable, inexhaustible timebomb, ticking steadily down to total annihilation.
"Let him go," Cas sighs heavily. "His issue is with me."
"See?" Dean says. "You're still doing it. But Dad, you can't not tell us about Sammy and the demon blood and then just come in here and—"
"You just weren't old enough to remember." No matter how much of a clusterfuck this has been, if Dean's gotta go on his one-way ocean dive, he couldn't be more grateful that he gets to spend his last days topside like this, with his whole family together again after three fucking decades. "If the pearl couldn't get rid of Michael, this was a pretty good consolation prize."
But to Dean's everlasting surprise, he is still alive and topside, and right now, thanks to Michael, he and Cas are firmly in park. No good getting busy with a Peeping Tom archangel riding shotgun, after all. But Dean doesn't know what to do with a parked car (at least in the metaphorical sense). They've kissed a few times now, which Dean is into, but Cas never touches Dean below the belt, literally
Dean backs off. "Right," he says. "Uh. Dinner soon. We ordered takeout."
?" Mary asks, aghast.
That's not what John wanted. John
Castiel pauses, giving John one of those horrible x-ray looks. "They're my family too."
But Sam shakes his head. "We were thinking of a last resort. Hear me out," he says, as Dean scoffs. "If only an archangel can use the blade, none of us can stab you with it. But you have an archangel inside you. So maybe if you stab yourself..."
"Yeah, this is the last one. Came out in '89."
"That's the devil's kid!" John says. "The devil was who Yellow Eyes was working for, right? Did you forget what Yellow Eyes did to your family? What Dean and I saw him do to
Mom says something back, but Dean misses it because his phone buzzes in his pocket. It's a text from Sam.
Dean's eyes fall closed, and he sleeps quietly, a whole eight hours through.
, and
Oh boy. "It was for a good cause," Dean says. "Why don't we get caught up over drinks?"
Dean blinks down at his hands—clean, but only for now. He squeezes them into fists and digs those fists into his eyes until that dangerous prickling has stopped. He really hasn't ever seen Cas cry before, not even when he was human. Why did it take Michael pointing it out for him to realize? Now Michael will be determined to wring it out of him before this is all over. "I'm pretty damn far from all right, Cas."
Wow. Kids. "Yeah, sure," Dean scoffs, and tries to pick his jaw up off the floor. He ain't gonna hold his breath on that one. "Bet that's coming any day now."
And Baby missed him, too, Dean can tell; she comes to life under his hands, taking all the twists and turns with expert precision no matter how he puts her through her paces. After spending weeks and weeks fighting to control his own body, it feels fantastic to be back behind the wheel, both metaphorically and literally. She moves exactly as he directs her, doing no more and no less, working with him instead of against him. Driving this car feels like breathing. It feels like freedom. It feels like home. Sam didn't need to worry about Dean nodding off at the wheel—he's so high on this he feels like he'll never need to sleep again.
How can anybody live like that and still be happy?
"No, and with good reason!" Castiel's tone is irate, but not enough to cover his desperation. "Jack, there's never going to be one last time for you. Don't you get that? We've begged you to stop and you won't. There will always be something you think is more important than yourself—that's just the kind of person that you are. But you're my son, and I won't let you risk your soul for anything!"
Sam dries the plate. John can't believe his son's grown so quiet. "They're family," Sam says at last. "They might be strangers to you, but Cas and Jack are my family. They're Dean's family. Mom's family. You know, uh—when she came back, she really struggled. It'd been a really long time for her, and she missed her kids being kids. She wanted to be a mother to us, she wanted to so badly, you know, but we grew up without her. But Jack—I know he doesn't look it, but he's still a few months off from his second birthday. And his mom's gone. Cas, and me and Dean, we did the best we could. But they needed each other."
"If that's what works for you," says Mom, "I'll back your play. But if you change your mind, I'm in your corner."
"Yeah," John agrees, throwing one last glance back over his shoulder at Mary in the library before following Sam out of the kitchen. Here at last is a safe topic to broach. "What about you? I don't see any rings on yours or Dean's fingers. Neither of you ever...?"
"Think," Cas suggests quietly, "of the way you love Sam."
So Sam and Jack were in danger. And Dean would have done anything,
Selling himself really was the only thing he was ever really good for.
about it?" Dean asks, horrified.
"No, it's not allowed," says Jack. "But Cas does anyway. It wasn't his fault, though. I'm not his son biologically—just in all the ways that matter."
Not like it'd be the first time. "I don't care. Get 'em as tight as you can."
He tries to remember the smell of clean aftershave and ozone, the fleeting feeling of that first kiss, and Cas pulling back when Dean wanted him to stay. The way being close to Cas feels like safety, and not like drowning. He can do this, for Cas. He wants this for Cas. And—yeah, maybe a little, he wants it for himself too.
Who knows? Maybe there's a few places they can get to in a parked car after all.
"Dean," Cas starts again, but Dean leans in and kisses him hard.
Dean's not in the mood. He can't ask Mom, he can't ask Jack, and he sure as hell can't ask Cas. Asking Cas for his help is why Dean's so pissed off to begin with. And after what happened with Dad earlier, Dean isn't really ready to talk to him yet either. "I'm tapped," he explains shortly, and without further ado leaves the room.
When Dean finally pulls back, and dares to open his eyes, he finds Cas searching his face, expression all too serious. Dean wants to wipe that look off his face more than he knew was possible. "Hey," Dean whispers. "You gotta lighten up, dude. It's my fucking birthday."
John lets it drop, for now. The last time he saw his boys he was fighting with them, and he's been back for less than a day; the last thing he wants to do is fight now. "Pass the potatoes," he says instead, by way of a subject change. Nobody says grace at this table; instead, they all dig in. And as it turns out, Mary was right: John was in for a surprise. Dean really can cook. Dinner is meatloaf almost exactly like Mary used to make, and the best loaded mashed potatoes John's ever had. Silence falls over the table, the kind only brought about by everyone being busy with eating at the same time.
"Love is nothing but weakness. That's why you're the one on your knees." We strike Dean across the face. "But that's not an unusual position for you, is it, Dean?"
Well. John's not sure he would have healed up that shiner either.
him to do later?" Mary cries. "God, John, what happened to you? You were the most gentle man I'd ever met. Now you're—you're everything I hated about hunters. This is exactly the life I fought for years to escape from, and you gave that to our children—"
"Sky divin' and Rocky Mountain climbin'," Dean agrees irritably. Does Cas not want to or something? "So? Last night on earth's my best line! I've had two close calls in as many days, Cas, we gotta smoke 'em while we got 'em."
Jack gets quiet. "I remember. But that was a mistake. You thought I was bad, and you were sad because Cas was dead, and you missed him so much. But when I brought Cas back you were—you. Not like that anymore."
"Course not." Dean elects not to inform Dad that since his birthday is less than a week away, he practically already is forty (which is really weird when he remembers Mom technically just turned thirty-two). He just waits until Dad's back is turned to steal three pieces off the plate and cram them into his mouth at the same time. Small comforts are all he has, these days. With the way things are heading with Michael, he really
Cas does Dean the courtesy of not looking too openly disappointed as he pulls the needle out. He lays the half-filled vial of Michael's grace on the table next to the other one in front of Jack.
Sam makes a face at Mom and Cas which Dean can't interpret on account of Sam being smart enough to turn his head away first. He turns back to Dean and adds, "Watch your mouth in front of the kid. I'm gonna run to town and get some marshmallows."
"No, it's really her—I rebuilt her from the ground up," Dean says proudly. "You'd be surprised how many parts were salvageable." The engine was a lost cause, but the piece of the interior with their initials on it survived the crash, and even though the heating was wrecked, Dean still managed to locate a few of the legos that rattled around in there when you turn it on, and dropped them right back where they belonged. If he swiped a few more from a pawn shop to get the rattle to sound right, well, no one'll ever know but him. The ashtray with the army man stuck in it came out in one piece, he was able to bend the roof back into shape and repaint it, and despite all that broken glass, the seats and upholstery were fine. Dean even saved one of the hubcaps.
for this chapter: whew, a lot. nightmares, extremely graphic violence, internalized homophobia, handcuffs/restraints, extremely detailed discussion of emotional and physical abuse and the warped thinking that evolves around those types of situations, flashbacks, a deliberate attempt by a bad guy to trigger a memory involving sexualized violence, discussion of whether it is ever right to disclose abuse without consent, mention of past suicidal ideation,
Dean hits play. "No spoilers, but I'm telling you: movies like this, it's best not to get too attached. Some things really are inevitable."
"Michael dead," Dean says. "Got it." His heart desires a lot of things, but right now, he can't think of anything he wants more than that. Because Sam might still think they can wriggle their way off the hook on this one, but Dean won't give up on Plan B. Worst comes to worst, he and Michael are
"Did you think we forgot?" Sam asks. "It's not every day a guy turns forty."
"Jack and Cas have saved our necks more times than I can count," Mary says warmly. Just the sound of her voice makes something in John relent, relax; this is a strange situation, and he's wary of these so-called angels, and he has so, so many questions—but how much can it really matter if Mary is finally here beside him again? "Just a few weeks ago we were working on a rugaru case up in Michigan, and I thought we were finished—then out of nowhere comes Jack in Castiel's truck. Sent 'em all flying into an electric fence."
Dean's heart stutters in his chest. His vision goes a little blurry, the way it always does when Michael senses a chink in his armor. Thanks to his ears ringing, he misses the next few words out of Dad's mouth. He catches the end of a sentence that goes, "...and just what was so worth selling your soul over?"
on tumblr. and of course my eternal thanks to
Secondly, Dean wants Sam in the back next to him to tell him what happened at the barn. They could sit in the front together, Sam driving, Dean riding shotgun; they've done it a million times. But Dean knows from a childhood of being raised in that backseat that between the engine and the heater and the radio, there's just enough noise that if you keep your voice low you can have a semi-private conversation, kind of like the one he and Sam had on the way up here—and it
Castiel. Where is—?
And for a moment, he's awfully tempted to take her up on it. They parked far away enough that they have a few minutes until they're going to need to start being stealthy again, and Mom is the only person Dean can think of who loves John Winchester like he does—warts and all. If Dean said something like,
Jack sounds skeptical. "You didn't hear what Sam said. He's horrible. He's the worst person!"
both look up, hands flying for their weapons.
"That too," Dean replies. "But I meant because of my dad. You don't know my old man, Cas. Fireworks show like that—he's gonna be pissed."
Cas is silent for a long while. Finally he says, "You didn't rest at all last night." It's not a question.
No matter. "That won't help you," we remind him. The others have begun to appear behind him; first Dean, then Sam, then Mary. "In fact, why don't I give you a freebie? Take your best shot, Castiel. I know how much you hate this face. Go ahead, put that blade through John Winchester's heart. See if his family forgives you."
And John doesn't know what he was expecting—for Sammy to get up in his face, maybe, like old times—but it certainly wasn't the skeptical, disappointed look that he gets. "Nah," Sam says, easy. "You don't. Especially not if you're gonna give us a hard time about it." It's different from the way he used to fight with John, pissed as hell and shouting the house down. This Sam seems older, and more tired. Like the wind has been taken out of his sails—but that's all right, because he's already got to wherever he was going. Everything he says is matter-of-fact, brook-no-argument. He's really
The silence that follows is only comfortable for about a minute. When that minute's up, Dad clears his throat. "I have something for you."
Dean leans on him.
"Of course I do," Sam says over him. "I don't want my brother to die. But you know what it's like to be possessed, and that's worse. Being possessed forever, in that coffin, is worse. Dean, can you fight him?"
Dad narrows his eyes. Dean got that look a lot, growing up: he's being sized up. Dad knows he's lying. "You were fooling around with magic? What were you wishing for?"
"It's not a problem," Cas says. "Come in and sit down; be with your boys."
"Dean," Cas starts, unhappy, but Dean cuts him off with a pleading look and Cas is a good friend, so he buttons it. The daggers he's glaring do plenty of talking for him, anyway. "I'll see you in Wichita," he grumbles, and off he goes. Dean wouldn't own up to this even under pain of death, but he smiles a little when Cas isn't looking, and thinks with an embarrassing amount of fondness,
see her face again..." He uses his fork to mime a decapitation, complete with sound effects.
Dean opens his mouth—but he's at a total loss for words. What the hell is he supposed to say to that? When Dean's looking for hope, he goes to Sam. Everybody who's ever met Dean knows he's the most pessimistic bastard on earth. That's just never the kind of thing he wanted to put on Dad.
forgive you."
drew some INCREDIBLE art for chapters 2 & 3 that you can see
, it's that Dean gets to tear the paper open. He tries to play it cool, but it's kind of the most fun he's ever had. He hasn't celebrated a birthday like this since he was four.
Yeah. Dean smiles back, but his heart sinks. This is just another snag—him and Cas.
He can't handle it. He hurls his bottle against the wall, booze and broken glass flying everywhere, and it reminds him of the lightbulbs shattering when Cas first stepped into his life, and it doesn't help, it's not enough. He turns over the table, all the dirty dishes shattering against the floor, he tears open the drawers, he lays into that kitchen like he'd've laid into Cas if the fucker hadn't gone and died on him. He beats on the furniture the way he'd like to beat on himself. He trashed rooms like this when he was a demon, when he had the Mark of Cain, and it feels the same way: hot and angry and out of his control.
Dean feels a rush of relief once the handcuffs click in place around his wrists, especially once they're tightened to the point of pain. Even if Michael takes Dean now, he can't use Dean's body to hurt anyone, not with these on. Ironically, the cuffs kill enough of Dean's anxiety that he stops needing them as soon as they're on. Michael's kind of like a demon or a ghost; what he looks for is weakness. Sadness, or anger, or yeah, definitely fear—they all leave Dean wide open. Any strong emotion is one that Michael can exploit and drown Dean in.
Dean wouldn't have trusted a Dad who put on a rainbow pin and started calling Cas his in-law. He didn't need Michael hopping back and forth between their heads to know exactly what Dad would think of Dean screwing around with another guy (and thank fuck all that slipped was Dean and Cas, and not the rest of it; Dean would never be able to look Dad in the face again). Dean really didn't ever imagine what it would be like if his dad found out, because until this week, Dad was long dead before Dean had even begun to figure it all out himself. But if he had, he would have expected horror, disgust, disapproval, disownment. The fact that Dad sucked it up enough to land on a response as neutral as flat-out denial is both shocking and actually kind of heartwarming. If Dean's learned anything by now, it's that how his dad acts means a hell of a lot more than what he says or how he feels. If they can stand to be in the same room and actually meet each other's eye sometimes without it being horrifically awkward or traumatizing, Dean's happy.
for working so hard to draw such a snazzy badass cover for this fic - you can reblog it
"You think there's some kind of catch?" Sam asks. "Like—at midnight he turns back into a pumpkin, or something?"
It's just like last time. Cas screams, light pouring out of his eyes and nose and mouth, and Dean feels the whole world stop spinning. "No!" he shouts, but it's too late; Cas's body drops to the ground, lifeless, and the shockwave of the remnants of his wings searing themselves into the ground sends Dean stumbling backwards. The flashlight rolls out of Cas's slackened hand, casting Sam's face into a strange light.
wow. okay. WELCOME BACK to the john winchester hate club - final meeting.
"We were kids," Dean says over him. He's not gonna talk about Flagstaff. "I'd do it all again, man. Same way every time. Don't worry about it."
, really has known both of his boys for a decade.
Six people on the same hunting trip presents a little bit of a logistics problem. When there were five of them, they could all fit in Dean's baby: Winchester bros up front, Mom and Cas in the back with Jack crammed between them. It was a tight fit, but they made it work.
"Wow," Dean deadpans. "You sound exactly like Sam. It's actually creeping me out a little. You should stop."
If Cas already knows then why can't Dean say it? If he's not careful, he's going to be the one crying. "I'm okay," he tells Cas instead. "I'm okay, I'm okay, see? Michael's gone."
Dean's not damaged. He's not. Or if he is, he's getting better. He takes a deep breath, but the words won't come. He tries and tries, but his voice is stuck in his throat. It's one of the worst feelings in the world.
"That wasn't your fault," Sam says sharply. "It's like being possessed. You didn't have a choice."
Then he turns and flees back down the stairs, leaving John alone with a single certainty: the demon was right. Dean wound up exactly where it said he would.
Isn't it? Dean's the one who screwed up. That's what Dad said after Flagstaff:
We come into the war room through the library, the opposite of the direction that we left. Sam and Dean are both on their knees, Sam cradling his broken arm, Dean's newly-healed hands fluttering over him as though he could be of any help. Castiel stands over them, one arm thrown over Jack's shoulder to keep him from running off, the remnants of his wings curled uselessly around them all; he is the first to spot us.
Two days later, they even get in touch with Jack.
," Dean says. "Oh my God, I can drive! No more Michael waiting to steal my baby and take her for a joyride!
Damn it, she looks like she's going to cry after all. "Yeah," she says finally. "Yeah, it's perfect. Thank you." She stands. "I'm gonna—"
It's not been so long, really, since John was putting together clues and omens like nobody before or since. Patterns, seemingly unrelated evidence: that was his life for twenty-two years. And now that evidence comes crashing together in the worst possible way.
listening. If he wants a snowball's chance at salvaging any of this, he's gonna have to start remembering to turn his ears on.
Dean looks away, trying to slow his breathing and the frantic pace of his pulse. He's never thought about it like that. He doesn't want to think about it like that. He doesn't want to talk about this anymore. "So, what, you're telling me that it was for nothing, I didn't even protect Sam right, I didn't even—I did all that to make sure and I didn't even—?"
"I get it. I didn't always, but I do now." Dean sits up a little. "But man, I—I want to give that to you. I want to love you back, I just—I'm not good at this stuff. Tell me how to love you back. Tell me how to be good to you."
and finally: i haven't had a real problem with this yet, but as always,
to do it, you spineless son of a bitch. He won't give you any choice. So you keep those cuffs on you, because sooner or later you're gonna have to put them on him, throw both of us and the blade in that box, drop it in the ocean, and forget about us!"
Dean forces a smile that he knows Cas absolutely sees through. "I'm good," he says. To Sam he calls, "You two lovebirds take it easy, huh? Don't do anything I wouldn't do." Then he high-tails it out of there.
Then again, maybe he doesn't. John thought nothing could be worse than watching her burn to death right in front of his eyes, helpless to stop it. As it turns out, he was wrong. He'll have nightmares about Michael using his hands to hurt her for as long as he lives. He has to swallow before he can speak. "Are you all right?"
"Being stuck at the bottom of the ocean with Michael forever is not the worst thing that can happen to me now," Dean says. Cas scoffs, but on this Dean and Michael are in strong agreement. "I'm serious. You wanna know what the worst thing that could happen to me is?"
Dean can barely spare them a second glance, but Cas turns to them and says, "
to get a beer?"
be back, he'd go with them, and that'd put him right in the potential blast zone.
And Michael's gone for good. They rewrote destiny one more time, and now Dean doesn't have the clock ticking down on him, or his head on the chopping block. Every day after this will be one day older than he ever expected to be, even in his wildest dreams. Maybe it's the sleep deprivation, but it's making him sentimental. It feels like getting a new lease on life.
"Okay, next one," Sam says. Cas says something to him in Enochian, and Sam must understand it, because he dips the brush in his own blood and begins to paint a symbol onto the bricks. As he works, he says, "You know, he shouldn't have had to tell me. I should have known. I mean, I—I—I thought I knew everything about Dean, so how did I miss this? It—it was right in front of me."
"Patient records," Dean mutters. "Nosy bitch, I fucking knew it. Hey. Mom, hey, look at me." But she doesn't, so he crouches on the floor in front of her, so that she has to meet his eye. He makes himself smile at her. "I'm okay, see? I'm just fine. You don't need to be sad over it now. It's ancient history."
It takes only a moment. Our eyes are on the nephilim, not on Sam. He shouts "Mom!" and with his uninjured hand throws the angel blade. Then—
"The apology helped," Jack adds. "I already knew you were sorry, but it helped to hear it, and I forgive you. I hope your dad apologizes to you too, someday."
John stares. He didn't.
It takes Dean a moment, but eventually the stiffness leaves his shoulders, and the tension in his back abates a little. He's taking down deep unsteady breaths that might mean he's crying, only trying not to show it. But, awkward as it is, the upside of this situation is that they don't have to look at one another. John won't check and he won't ask. Free pass.
Cas frowns. "Dean, you didn't go to bed last night. You haven't slept in thirty hours."
There's a pause. It's not a coincidence who Dad picked to be the distraction—that's the same thing as
The place smells fantastic—John opens the bedroom door and is greeted by the aroma of roasting meat and onions. It smells just like the meatloaf Mary used to make. "Is he trying to copy your recipe?"
Slowly, John says, "I was trying to protect you—"
Naturally, Sam and Mary both look up when John steps into the library; John's been murdering good conversations all day. He raps on the table anyway, trying to keep the sudden souring of his mood out of his expression. He has an easier time thinking of Mary fondly when she's not sitting right in front of him, still angry for the crimes, real or imagined, he committed while she was dead. "Saw you were headed for a migraine," he says shortly, by way of explanation, and sets the mug down.
"A walk?" he repeats. "Seriously? What am I, a poodle?"
John remembers their conversation in the gym, the way he saw Dean react to some unknown hallucination, and wanted to comfort him, but didn't know how. Children are easy to soothe. If you're bigger and stronger than they are, that's all they really need to feel safe. But while Dean got older, he never got harder, not the way John wanted him to be, not while John was alive. Worst of all, he never stopped needing John. And the more he needed John, the more John pulled away, in a desperate attempt to teach him to stand on his own two feet like a real man should.
"Yeah, it is," Dean admits, "but only after the training wheels have come off."
and as always, my deepest thanks to
secondly: i don't always do this, but this is my favorite chapter of this fic, so if you like, i have some recommended listening (aka what i listened to during the writing). for the first scene,
"Just a few more days," Cas pleads, barely audible over the howling in Dean's head. "We've got a lead, Dean!"
Dean exhales, long and slow. "Thank God," he says. "I'm really gonna have to work up to that one."
that's wrong with Dean, is all because of you."
about—given the appropriate prompting. Dean can never figure out the right questions to ask, and he doesn't actually care about history for its own sake, but Jack has only been alive for a year and a half, and he asks questions about literally everything all the fucking time. Give 'em a long enough car ride, and the two of them always get going eventually. Dean's not about to say so out loud, but he thinks it's kind of neat. Jack may not be Cas's son by blood, but they're two peas in a pod.
But no matter what it did to him, no matter what guise it took, no matter how sweetly it bargained, that demon couldn't break John—he broke a long time ago, back in 1983. There was no torture in the world of the living or the dead that could compare to watching Mary burn alive on that ceiling. John died to save Dean, and Dean would finish his fight. It didn't matter how much he was made to suffer; he was right where he wanted to be.
"I made that deal to save your life!" Mary says. "And you repay me by abusing our children—"
Dean drops his hands from her shoulders, face flaming. Michael bangs on that door in his head in perfect time like a ticking clock, reminding Dean just of how few chances he himself has left. "Yeah, well," he mumbles. "That's why I'm asking you. Just think about it, okay?"
But Dad's been gone for a long, long time—and no matter how Dean fought and struggled with it, that immutable fact was impossible to change. Dad was gone, and Dean was here, without him. And over the years Dean realized that he didn't have to try so hard to defend Dad when Dad wasn't around to hear him do it. It was okay to say stuff like
"Hmm?"
Dean corners Sam in the library as they clean up, while Mom and Jack are busy making coffee in the kitchen; she and Sam must be planning to make an all-nighter of it. "So it was a bust, huh?"
Dean wasn't even supposed to be Michael's vessel. It was supposed to be Dad who broke in Hell first. Everything,
thirdly: i do have some listening suggestions for this chapter as well, if you're the type to like music along with your fic.
Dean holds up his hands. Fine, whatever, let them have their fun. The pit itself is on the far side of the bunker, in a little dip that's mostly out of sight of the road, so it's not like anybody's gonna see. But the sun's been up for a few hours now, and the four inches of snow that fell overnight makes everything look so much brighter, and Dean's just not used to a daytime fire in a hole.
Enough. "What the hell would you know?" John growls. "You think that half-breed you've got running around here counts as Dean's—"
Cas leans into the kiss, his hands coming up to hold Dean's face. It's a little weird, because Cas has stubble on his jaw and his hands are bigger than a woman's, surely leaving bloody handprints on Dean's face even now—but Dean doesn't mind it. He's even into it. Dean never let johns kiss him, and none of his old hookups and one-night stands ever kissed him like this: like if Cas just held him close enough, he could protect Dean from everything, even Michael. It's something else. For a guy who spent four and a half billion years as a virgin, Cas has game.
Dean searches his expression, spooked and silent, looking for—something. "What were you dreaming about?"
Dean's not going to wait until Michael's free. That would make everything he's gone through up 'til now all for nothing. He's at the end of his rope. The hallucinations were bad enough, but he can't take—not Sam and Cas. Not that.
Oh, boy. Right for the jugular, huh? "Does it matter?" he asks roughly, and reaches for the volume again.
"Tell me you don't eat that shit every morning," Dad says. "You'll be dead before you hit forty."
Castiel's nostrils flare. "Is that so?" He strolls forward slowly, absolutely unafraid. His hands are even in his pockets. "Perhaps I will. Are you sure you want to know?"
Playing a mother to some half-angel kid. John's mouth twists unpleasantly as he scrapes dried potato off the last plate. "Why is that?" he says. "What are these angels to you? This Castiel—do you owe him for springing you? Is that why he's here? Son, we're supposed to hunt things that aren't human. Not have dinner with them." He hands the plate to Sam, pulls the plug on the dishwater, and goes to dry his hands.
"I'm so sorry, Dean," John says, and means it, because now he finally understands what he did wrong.
Hunting. John found out years ago what Mary was, what her family did. But he could never imagine it. Seeing her here now, dressing in boots and button-downs instead of her white nightgown and sundresses, her long curls traded for a practical short bob above her shoulders, new scars on her body and no makeup on her face, makes it seem more real. John takes the end of one tapered lock between his fingers. "I like your hair." She smiles at him, eyes crinkling, and he adds in wonder, "You know, you still look just the same. Just like you did the night I lost you."
"What would you know?" Dean grumbles. The thing about being drunk is that sometimes the good old brain-to-mouth filter takes a hit in levels of normal human function. What Dean means to say is something like, "You only got drunk like one time." What he actually says is, "You're not even the same Castiel."
Cas tips his head forward into Dean's shoulder, grinning. "Still about medium-low."
Cas closes his eyes in mortification, and Dean feels a tiny thrill of victory at having successfully embarrassed him. "They do smell good."
, Cas. Of all the people I expected to leave me out to dry, you were at the bottom of the list. And now, what—you're just gonna wait around until he busts out of my head and
"Don't worry," Castiel says, a little too pleasantly. "You're Sam and Dean's father; I'd never lay a finger on you. If you're half the man your family thinks you are, when I'm finished with you, you'll be doing all of that yourself."
, Cas said then, for what was really the first time. Dean never forgot.
marshmallows.
. Don't think for one second I forgot you going full Hamburgler when we were chasing down those horsemen."
Cas shakes Dean awake for the final time at six-something in the morning. Dean, half-asleep, turns his face into Cas's side and mumbles, "Dad?"
John whistles. "Long time," he says. Almost the entire time he was gone. "How'd you two start running with angels, anyway?"
And that was just the tip of the iceberg. Mary was twitchy, jumpy—positively on-edge some days. She had a lot of bad dreams. It's one of the things that always reminded John of her when, after her death, Dean began having them too. Like mother, like son; they thrashed almost the same way in their sleep, crying out for parents long dead.
Dean doesn't care. He pushes past Cas so he can look Dad right in the eye.
We walk slowly over to Dean, his face upturned and glaring. "You were this close to saving your family," we murmur. "I want you to know that. I truly was going to take this one and leave. Why would you stop me? You admitted to yourself that he's a screw-up, and you don't need him anymore. You were so angry with him for saying yes to me. And you must know how
, because it's flat instead of curved. Dean's never made out with guys like this before. Call him
He's got the rest of the world to get to, after all.
Cas squints, trying to catch up. "You had ulterior motives," he realizes, accusatory.
Now Sam glances from his reading to pin John with a flat look. John is starting to regret sitting down for this conversation.
"I can imagine," Cas murmurs. Dean likes the way Cas smells; clean, like the opposite of Hell and back alleys. "But you're here now."
Dean's phone buzzes again.
"I can't help it," Dean admits ruefully. If she's not careful, she's going to get him started too. He can't have that, not with Michael so close to his escape.
were "inspired" by why does he do that? by lundy bancroft. it is lightly implied that
there. And that's why—"
, a disembodied voice tsks in his ear, breath that stinks of sulfur washing over his neck.
Sam looks like someone just punched him in the stomach. "And," he says faintly, "you
Dean hasn't overthought touching another guy so much in years, and not ever when he wasn't getting paid for it. But this is important. Dean's not gay, but that doesn't mean he wants Cas to feel bad about having the hots for him. Any true friend would be cool about it.
Castiel inclines his head. "You give them far too little credit," he says. "They all had good things to say about you at one time or another—even Sam."
That gives Sam pause. He's been working himself up to that kind of shouty anger that led to him punching Dean in that hospital parking lot, urged on by the kind of helpless frustration with Dean's self-destructive streak that he's been nursing all his life. But now he looks guilty; he flicks his eyes away, shoulders dropping a little. Yeah, if Sam didn't think they were doing this, he's wrong.
It was everything John wanted for him, and everything he didn't. Dean's finally a man—but all these years later, he's still hunting. The fight is over. Dean should have gotten out.
And there it is.
, Dean reminds himself again. It's Sam and Cas's door. They're stronger than he is. Sam beat
Sam says it as though Adam is still the one better off. It doesn't feel like absolution.
"No," Cas assures him, but he smooths Dean's hair back anyway. "It's just me. I'm afraid I have bad news. Your brother found some of Michael's monsters. There's a vampire nest in Wichita. Do you want to go?"
It takes another hour and change for Mom to cave. After Dean destroys her at Battleship one last time, she stands and stretches, saying going to bed at seven sounds exactly something a girl her age ought to do. And Dean is so busy watching Dad sadly watch her leave it takes him a moment to realize that just leaves him and Dad and Sammy—just like the old days.
Banging on the door—the real door, the one to the storage room, not the one in Dean's head. That's Sam and Cas, right on schedule. "Dean?" Cas calls. "Dean, open the door right now!"
Dad pushes out of his chair, leaving his beer on the table to pace over to one of the bookshelves. It's like he can't even look at Dean. He's quiet for a long time until he finally says, "You know, Dean, there's so much I would take back if I could—"
Sam doesn't want to put Dean in the box, because he's afraid they'd never be able to get him out again. So they're chaining him up instead, because soon—
"I don't need a 'tumble,'" Cas says, irritated. Good God, he's doing air quotes. Dean feels a rush of affection so strong it's actually physically painful. It's been so long. "I don't need anything."
," John snaps, taking two fast steps forward, but he feels Mary's hand on his shoulder at the same time he sees, incredibly, Castiel's eyes glow, and the cut on Dean's face that he got from their fight earlier shrinks down to nothing and then vanishes. Castiel drops his hand.
"Okay." Sam dries his plate. "Okay, so—no reason to pick at it. I've been back from Hell for almost a decade now. For Dean it's even longer. For us, that's ancient history."
So: up he gets, back to the kitchen. He's hoping it will be empty by now, but when he gets close he hears Cas and Mom talking. Dean hangs back, in the shadows; it's rude to eavesdrop, he knows, but maybe if he waits them out they'll just leave.
Not that Dean's had a ton of birthday parties to compare it to, but Michael being dead gives this particular birthday an edge. They've got music, food, booze, and even presents, wrapped in old newspaper. They're last-minute grabs too, stuff Dean would have had to pick up for himself eventually, stuff they probably dug out of their already-existing supplies: car wax, new boot laces, a couple of canisters of rock salt. The point isn't what the presents
But ultimately, it's the memory of Mary's betrayed expression in the truck that stops him. She'd want him to use the kid gloves with Dean. He hasn't done a very good job so far—Dean wasn't the only one who lost his temper just now—but if that's what she wants, that's what she'll get. Even after everything she's done to him, to their boys, even after what she said to him last night, John still loves her more than anything, more than life itself. If it'll make her happy, then yes: he'll do better. He'll lay off for real. Whatever Dean's dealing with, he'll have to deal with it on his own...at least for now.
"You're not listening," Sam says over him, and a second too late John realizes his mistake. "Big surprise there. Seriously, Dad—we've had enough of your lip service. You're sorry? You want to help? Clean up your mess."
Between Sam shoving him and Mary putting their marriage on hold, John actually almost forgot about Dean's strange outburst back at the barn until now. At the time he was so shocked that it didn't even cross his mind that Dean might be shouting at him: clearly, the words were meant for someone else. Dean doesn't talk to his father that way. But aside from the vampires, there was no one else there. At least, no one John could see. So if Dean was shouting at someone he could see and John couldn't...
It's an invitation to talk, coming from someone who, like Dean, has a damn hard time talking. It's one of many things Dean and his mom have in common, along with their love of bad road food and appreciation for a practical haircut. They're in firm agreement that interpersonal relationships are hard and talking about your feelings sucks. Dean appreciates the gesture more than he can say.
"But what about you, Dean?" Dad asks. He takes a step closer. "I know there's something going on—something with you and Castiel."
"I didn't mean like—"
Dean stops in his tracks. "What?"
"Morning," Dad replies. His eyes slide over Dean's shoulder and Dean's blood runs cold. There's only one bed in his room, and Cas is standing
"I'm being realistic," Dean tries to explain. "You guys can try to bring me back if that's really what you wanna do, but you know Billie has a hate-on for us. You have to prepare yourself for that. If Cas can't pull it off—"
Dad looks so sad. "No, Dean," he says. "You don't. You think I don't see how scared everyone gets, how fast you have to take yourself out of a room?" He steps a little closer, glancing at the doorway before lowering his voice. "They may not think much of me in there, but you know better, right? Whatever it is, you can tell me. I won't get mad."
Dean flips the angel blade, rests it lightly against the wall next to Cas's head, close enough to his ear that Cas can hear the clinking of metal on brick, know just how close it is to his face. He can feel Cas's pulse racing beneath his hand, just like he could back then. "He'll take his sweet time," Dean promises. He's been able to feel Michael's hard-on for this little revenge fantasy digging into his back for weeks now. "He'll use every last ugly thing I've ever learned about pain, and he'll use it on the people I care about most. Jack first, then Mom and Dad...coin toss on whether he saves you or Sam for last. To be honest, I don't think even he knows which one of you he hates more. But you and me, Cas, we won't be able to do anything but watch. And he will make us watch. He'll make us watch every second."
(See the end of the chapter for
John has lost the thread. Again. "And what the hell is that supposed to mean?"
Too soon. Mary gives him a hurt, disapproving look. "Don't you hit me with that right now, John Winchester. We aren't—disagreeing over the dishes or how to pay the fucking mortgage. These are our children! Don't you see them?"
"Right," Cas says. He takes a deep breath. "I—you were right. I—we, Sam and I, at the hospital, we promised. And I broke that promise, because I can't do it. I can't make myself put you in that box. I doubt Sam could either. But if it comes down to it—Michael—him, I can lock away."
"Stand aside," Cas says. "I've got this."
Mary cared about people. She cared a hell of a lot about him and their boys, of course, but strangers too; she wasn't close to anyone, save for John, but she was kind to everyone. Giving change to the less fortunate, helping old folks across the street, that sort of thing. "No one should have to be homeless," she said once. "Normal people like us can't even imagine what it's like, not to have a roof and four walls." John admired it, because it was sort of the opposite of the way he was; he'd break his own back for family, but that sort of investment was something he didn't hand out to strangers. He cared about his people first. Mary cared about all people all the time—so long as she could keep them at arm's length.
Unless—
Finally Sam, standing on the other side of the chair, holds up his hand. "All right, he's had enough. That's as much as we're going to be able to get safely."
Castiel seems to prefer this state of affairs, since it means John stays silent. He goes back to his work, looking at John's wound, his face utterly impassive. "Surely you must understand by now how much Michael hated Dean, and how much he rejoiced in his suffering. I don't know what you saw or learned while Michael was inside of you, but I do know that anything he may have disclosed to you was shared with the sole purpose of causing Dean pain. The kindest thing you could do for your son would be to never speak of any of it again—especially to Dean himself."
Jack's eyes begin to glow.
a later, and right now he wants more than anything to wipe that look off Cas's face. "Hey, it's gonna be okay. C'mere."
"Dad was singing in his sleep," Dean says. He's never told anybody about this, but of course Dad would know. Makes sense if you think about it: same cell, same jailer, same nightmares. "Alastair used to sing too, while he—and in Hell he could make himself look like other people. Michael was tapped, but I mean, with all that...Cas, he barely had to lift a finger." The faintest phantom whiff of sulfur and burnt meat, and suddenly Dean was no longer certain of his reality. "For a second I thought..."
Fuck, fuck,
"The training I understood," Sam murmurs, grim. "After all those years, I finally got it. It's not paranoia if they really are out to get you, right? But Dad, the rest of it..."
"No!" Sam is breathing harshly through his nose now, eyes bright. "The way we grew up, the way you told Dean everything and kept me in the dark, on a tight leash, this need-to-know basis, like you were waiting for some other shoe to drop, or like I didn't belong—you think I never noticed that I wasn't like other people? Never wondered if there wasn't something wrong with me? You never considered that driving me away from my family, from
If anybody else said something like that to John, he would laugh in their face. But there's no one he trusts more than Mary. He doesn't understand it, but if she says so, he believes her. He tries to relax the hard set of his shoulders. "All right," he agrees, through his teeth.
Dean doesn't hear anything else; he stalks into his room and pointedly slams and locks the door behind him.
not," Dean snarls. "Sam and Cas did that! They went in my head, they jogged my memory, they threw him in that cage in my head and closed the door! And they can't do that for you because they don't mean the same thing to you as they do to me! If Michael gets in you, you are on your own, do you get that?"
Damn it. Son of a fucking
Sam and Eileen return from their weekend away, Eileen without any ring on her finger. Dean waits until Sam's alone (you'd be surprised how well a deaf lady can eavesdrop) and then says, "I can't believe you pussied out! You better hurry it up, little brother. You gotta lay it on her while you've still got working equipment."
Dean lets out a low whistle. He's seen a lot of crazy shit in his time, but Sam successfully bossing their dad around? He really did think Hell would freeze over first.
Sam looked up at the sound. "We do board games, normally," he says. "If we're not on a case. Mom's probably teaching Jack about Connect Four right now."
i feel like i have so much i could say about this chapter (i literally hit the character limit in the end notes lmao), and i'm so fucking NERVOUS about it, but as it is actually the longest chapter of this fic so far (19k! good grief when did that happen) it's probably better to shut up and let you all get started; i have talked enough. don't feel bad if it takes you awhile to read! please god nobody interrupt work or school to do this! take your time! multiple sittings! all that good stuff.
The table gets set for six people: John, Mary, Dean, Sam, Castiel, and Jack. Jack is, in fact, another angel, at least by half. He breezes into the library where the table is set, oblivious to the tension still lingering in the air, lifts his hand in an awkward sort of wave, and cheerfully introduces himself as a nephilim—half-angel, half-human—and Castiel's son.
"It's not like that, exactly." Dad reaches in his coat and pulls out...his journal? "I swiped this from Sam's research table," he explains. "Thought you ought to have it back. It belongs to you boys, anyway."
Dean experiences a moment of such sheer blinding terror he's certain Michael will bust out of his head on the spot. He can't quite feel his feet. It takes him two tries to speak through numb lips. "What?"
"Honesty," Castiel answers. "I'm going to tell you what
And since Dean was the one getting hit, he's the one with the right to decide that. Not Sam or Mom talking it over in the kitchen, or Cas sitting next to him here and now. Dean would like to say so, drive his point home, but the truth is he still can't even look at Cas. He feels rather than sees Cas open his mouth to object, to fill the silence, and then snap it shut again. Good—if he interrupts, Dean won't be able to keep going.
She's asking if he's real. She's asking if it's okay.
"Not a big deal?" John repeats, incredulous. He's half-ready to stand up in his seat. He remembers Hell, every horrible second of it, and it's the last thing he'd wish on anyone, but especially his Dean. Just thinking about it makes his heart ache. "Dean."
Cas gives Sam another sigil to start working on. It's quiet for a little bit, and then Sam says, "You know what the worst part is? That Dean still—he—he loves Dad so much, you know? Him and Mom both. The look on her face when she saw him again...and did you see how happy that stupid Hatchet Man impression made Dean? Sometimes I go so long without seeing them smile I start to forget what it looks like. Dad doesn't deserve..."
"But I was so proud of you when you passed," Dad says. "You know that, right? I was so proud."
Sam blinks. "Me? You want
And there's that feeling again: shame. John doesn't often find himself in the wrong, but he certainly wronged Sam. The violence came from Michael, but it was still John's hands that broke that arm. And John suspects Sam would say the arm is the least of it. John didn't deserve to be put first in line. If Dean hadn't asked—
Dean scoffs. "At least
Yeah, fuck this. "Sorry," Dean mumbles, and pulls away to get to his feet unaided. "I'm goin' inside."
On Dean's way back in, he sees Sam and Cas standing at the front door. Cas is shining a flashlight at the wall. "...told you and not me," Sam is saying. He's holding a paintbrush, and a cut bleeds sluggishly on his arm. "I just don't get it. I mean, no offense, but..."
But it's worth it. In a way, Dean even takes a vicious sort of pleasure in it, the same kind he got cutting into Alastair once they ran into each other topside. It can't last forever, but this is his revenge. Michael made Dean a helpless passenger in his own body for weeks, and trapped him so far underwater he was sure he'd never see light again. Let the bastard have a taste of his own medicine.
Cas doesn't look like he's teetering on the edge of an emotional breakdown, though. He doesn't look hopeful, or like his heart is ready to bust out of his chest (not that Dean would know what that's like, thanks, he's definitely not panicking right now). Cas actually looks totally unsurprised and a little amused by this giant revelation that's currently rocking Dean's world. "I'm flattered," he says.
Jack, like his father, sometimes has a little trouble picking up on Dean's sarcasm; he gives Dean a satisfied little nod, like he didn't just tip his world over sideways, and says, "Ready to keep going? I wanna see if Summer makes it to the end."
. I thought it would literally never end—why would he make it official when he's so far out of your league?"
Dean kicks Cas back, also a beat too late. Cas's mouth turns up at the corner, half-hearted. "That's a lot of fries you owe me now."
Dad strides forward, physically putting himself between Dean and the route to the storage room, where the Ma'lak Box is. "No," he says, in his strictest no-nonsense don't-you-
But Cas is shaking his head. "You promised
There's a long silence. Sam switches his grip to Dean's shoulder and squeezes tightly. "Can you fight him?" he asks finally.
"Of course," Jack answers. "The best people."
—if it's even half as much as that—
From the tone of his voice, Dean can tell they aren't going to be the happy kinds of stories they all told in the car just this morning. Hasn't Sam done enough today? He hates Dad. Everything he says is just going to drive Mom's opinion of him further into the dirt. "Sam, there's no goddamn reason to—"
for general soundboarding & always always ALWAYS being down to get excited with me about this fic no matter how shitty i felt about it, and
Cas stares at him.
"It might," Dean snaps. "You have to accept that, Cas! You think this is easy on me? You think I want to be shoved into a box with Michael for the rest of—ever? Especially now that Mom and Dad are here, and you and me are—?" Whatever they are. "But that's reality. I let Sam go, when he put Lucifer back in Hell. It was the hardest thing I ever did, and I regretted it every second, but I did it because I had to. Someday, you and Sam might have to let me go too."
"You can't watch everyone all the time, and keep an eye on Michael too," Cas says. "Let us take care of each other. You've got more than enough to deal with."
"Okay?" Cas asks.
as a final reminder, there is NO "on-screen" sexual assault in this story, but that doesn't mean the bad guys don't won't sometimes use
Sam cracks a reluctant smile, and Dean drinks it in. "Well, I've never seen Dad this happy," he says quietly. "Mom either. It's pretty unreal."
"Your father's outside," Mom says, voice deliberately steady in a way that borders on numb. Dean recognizes that tone because he's used it a hundred times himself. It's only now that he realizes she's been crying, and a lead weight settles in his stomach. It's not the first time he's seen Dad make her cry, but he forgot just how much he hates it. "I asked him to give us a few minutes before he comes in."
"I just—" Dean puts down his burger. Keeps his eyes on his own plate. "I don't want to give you the wrong idea. I'm still not—" He lowers his voice. "I'm still not gay. You're good, we're
The last of Dean's fingers uncurl. The blade drops from his hands. And the door to the storage room explodes open in a shower of splinters just as Dean's only hope clatters to the floor.
additional reading:
Well, Dean can think of one person who would. He makes himself smile and says, "Can't let you guys have all the fun, right?" Truth is, Cas is right. Dean's not sure how much longer he can keep going like this, with no sleep and Michael dogging his footsteps every day. But that's all the more reason to fight the good fight while he still can. If these are the last days he's ever gonna spend outside of that coffin in the ocean, he wants to live them, not stay home and rest while his family cleans up his messes.
"Unconditionally," Cas corrects. He hands Dean the frayed little hand towel hanging on the fridge door. "When he was still knee-high and stealing your Spaghetti-Os and nothing but trouble to look after, you didn't love him because of anything he did for you. You loved him because he was Sam. In the same way, I—" He stumbles over it a little, like he's still not sure he's allowed to say it. "I love you because you're you."
"What's wrong with him?" John asks. "Is he all right? Dean? Son?"
Oh, shit.
"We've got this, Jack, but you need to get your—"
And then Dean slumps forward, hissing through his teeth, clutching his head with both hands.
There's a moment's pause where Castiel looks up, his expression a little incredulous, like he's surprised John spoke to him at all and would have rathered he didn't. But then he jerks oddly, almost as though someone kicked him under the table, and schools his features into something bland and disinterested. It happens so quickly it could almost have been John's imagination. "I met Mary almost immediately after she came back," Castiel says, a little too politely. "Sam and Dean I've known for more than a decade now."
And the thing is, Dean's not just saying that. For all it's been on his mind lately, he doesn't actually blame Dad for Flagstaff. Not really. Not the way Cas does, or the way that Sam probably would. It sucked, and Dean hated it, but they both had every reason to believe Sam was dead. And if Dean really had let his little brother die on his watch, well—he would have deserved a hell of a lot worse than what his old man doled out that day. Dad just made a mistake. It happens to everyone.
But for all the shitty situations Dean's gotten himself into by turning today's little mishaps into tomorrow's hornet nests, this thing seemed harmless enough. Sam called it a Baozhu. It's a little pearl that looks like it came out of a secondhand prop shop, and he's very careful not to touch it as he hands the cloth it rests on to Dean. It seems pretty ordinary, but apparently, it'll grant Dean whatever his heart desires—without costing him a thing.
"Two teams," Dad agrees. "We can let the angels distract them at the front door and then surprise them from behind."
Dean won't. Instead he looks at the door, where Cas's body—
...and, yeah, that's everything! wow. it's FINALLY TIME. enjoy the fic <3
open. It doesn't matter what John wants. The will of the archangel is absolute.
Now, for better or worse, Dean and Cas are stuck living with his little moment of impulse; it's not like you can walk back using tongue in a semi-public area.
They're interrupted by a beeping from the bedside table.
So he eats in his room, on his bed, without the company of the TV or radio or other people—at least, people other than Michael, who's happy to make sure Dean doesn't enjoy his meal in silence. Dean barely tastes the food. It's stupid; why should he keep this body fed? Why should he take care of it? It's as good as Michael's now. Best case scenario, he'll be wasting away at the bottom of the Pacific by this time next Thursday. Worst case scenario, he'll be spending the rest of eternity as Michael's angel condom while that asshole burns down the world. Who cares if he eats, or sleeps, or showers? What does it matter?
"I've tried my hand at fatherhood once or twice," Dean says. He's screwed it up so many times—with Lisa and Ben, with Jack. "Believe me, it ain't an easy gig."
Dean's torn between looking at Jack and looking at his father. He warned Dad to expect a light show, but after what happened last time, part of him is still expecting a sudden objection, an outburst of violence. And another, smaller part of him worries that if Dad wasn't really totally willing, the grace will make Jack sick, just like it did last time.
Dean nods, throat tight. "Yeah," he agrees. "Okay."
The only answer is that Jack fucked up somehow and it can't be the real Cas. Or there's some kind of string attached—amnesia, another deal, the other shoe. It's a trick, or a dream, or some alternate reality. Maybe Dean died and went to Heaven's holodeck. Maybe he's back in Hell. He hangs onto that paranoia with white knuckles, because it's all that's keeping him together. He can hang out with Cas and work with Cas without actually having to be close to him, and it doesn't hurt so much, as long as he remembers it isn't real. It's just something he gets to enjoy and/or suffer through for a while, and when he figures out what the catch is, everything will go back to normal.
"So fine, train them!" Mary says. "But that's no excuse for the rest! Hurting our Dean, and what Sam said, how you made him feel growing up..."
because he's the only one who doesn't know Dean isn't, and unexpectedly finds himself grinning into his next handful of popcorn. Turns out Jack knows him pretty well.
It only takes about ten minutes for Jack to start asking questions about vampires, which then naturally becomes a discussion about the history of vampirism in North America. Normally Cas isn't even close to talkative, but having been alive for all of human history and then some, history is actually the one thing he can and will go on and on and
He's still got that cut on his cheek, John realizes, heart twisting painfully. For all the time Dean's spent hunting things, at the moment he looks more like prey. His eyes are on John's face, but in a pointed way: like he's making the effort not to flick them down to watch John's hands. It takes him three tries to get out, "Hey."
"Yes," Dean answers through his teeth, like everyone at the table can't tell that's a lie. "I'm good, guys. Calm down. You're scaring the folks."
"2009," Sam continues. "Dean and I answered a call on one of your old phones from someone we thought was Adam Milligan, who asked for our help finding her. He told us—you know, who he was. And we drove out to Windom, Minnesota, and we tried to work the case—but it wasn't Adam." Sam softens his tone. "It was a ghoul."
"He did it for me," Sam snaps. Immediately Dean mutters, "don't you start," but Sam says over him, "It was my fault. I trusted the wrong people and got in trouble. Dean was just—
So Dean opens up his mouth and speaks.
It's not like Dean could blame him, not for any of the above.
Dean's panting, swaying on his feet. Multiple possessions will do that to anyone. Little wonder he didn't dare leap at us himself; he could not have slowed us down for even a moment, not like this. "Not today," he manages. "You're gonna have to go through me first."
Dean's jaw tightens. "I'm peachy."
Sam looks up. "What?"
Left to his own devices, John somehow stumbled into the bunker's gym about an hour ago. There's plenty of equipment to use and John's got plenty of steam to blow off, so he's been spending most of his time working up a sweat at the punching bags. He sets his plate down on one of the nearby benches and kicks out a couple of footstools for them to sit on, and begins unwrapping his hands so he can eat.
Dean can be one scary son of a bitch when he puts his mind to it, and he figures by now he's scared Cas enough. So he starts to let go and back off. But to his surprise, Cas's hand flies up to catch his wrist, and keep him right where he's at. Dean gave him too little credit; when Cas meets his eyes, he's unafraid.
Dean rolls his shoulders, stiff from sitting in the same position for too long. "Nah," he lies. "But I promised Cas I'd be extra careful anyway. You know how he is."
"Right on the money, kid," Dean agrees. Watching Jack watch the barn, Dean is struck with a sudden memory of his first vampire hunt, hidden in the woods with Dad and Sam, learning that vampires were real after all. God, he was practically still a kid back then, even at twenty-seven: wide-eyed and fascinated by the fact that the vampires could leave the shade for a short time if they wanted to, and truly still believing that everything would be over once they got their hands on the Colt and killed Yellow Eyes, because Dad had all the answers, right? Of course, all that changed real quick after Dad died. But Jack won't grow up to be like Dean—not if Dean has anything to say about it. "Come on," Dean says. "Let's work our way around so we can count the vamps and find the exits."
"Sam," Dean says, "what the fuck?"
Sam makes a terribly hurt face, and opens his mouth to reply—
"I had to talk your father through heating up formula
And that's what's so unsettling about him, John realizes. It isn't just that he's not human. It's that he's the only one here who seems unhappy that John is back.
Which is why this walk outside the bunker is probably going to be Dean's last. First driving, and now the whole damn outdoors. There's really nothing Michael can't take from him.
"Darth Vader!" Dad remembers with a laugh. "Damn, I almost forgot. Cardboard helmet and all. He was adorable. I should have taken more pictures. Your mom would have loved it."
"About that," Mary says. "I, uh, don't cook. Never learned how."
He's gotta admit, it does make him feel a little better. It was kind of Mom not to mention that Dean didn't do the most thorough job of killing Lucifer. He said yes to Michael so he could ice the devil and save Sam and Jack, but even though Lucifer died, his vessel Nick survived, and Nick kidnapped and nearly killed Mom before Sam and Dean caught up to them. Dad definitely wouldn't approve. Dean should have dug that archangel blade just a little deeper.
see you then, and as always, thank you so much for reading >:)
. That loving Dean made Cas happy enough to literally die.
"Yes he will!" Dean snarls. "He will, and when he does—look at me!" he demands, and Cas's head jerks up, his eyes bright, his throat working. "He will take me. And you better be fucking prepared, because it won't be like this. There won't be any warning, or any arguing, or any time for long weepy goodbyes. I'll just be gone. And then you'll
Jack, seated at the other end of the table opposite from Sam, between Dean and Mary, has plenty to say. He eats like a toddler—or like Dean—talking with his mouth full and like every bite's the first he's had in days. He talks about the shows he's watching and the hunts he's researching and everything else under the sun. And Sam and Dean and Mary all respond in kind, at least when they aren't chewing themselves. But there's one person (or rather, non-person) at the table who has yet to speak at all.
put together some excellent tragedynatural/broken road posts that made me absolutely insane -
Enough. "And whose fault is that?" John snaps.
"You see," we murmur, as John attempts to recoil in horror, to flee his own body, "I know all about you, Dean Winchester. I know what you really are. Should we tell them about it too?"
"Sam said it was a possessed mannequin."
"I still think there must be some way to use the archangel blade," says Mom. "I know the lore says only another archangel can use it, but has anyone else actually tried?"
The vamp behind Dean takes off. Dean shouts as the fangs leave his neck, but there's no way he's letting it get away that easy. He takes aim and hurls his machete after it like he's skipping a stone—it spins through the air and takes the vamp's head clean off. "Go get it," Dean pants to Cas. He doesn't have time to go back for it now. He slips his hand inside Cas's trench coat and pulls the machete out of its sheath on Cas's belt instead. "Thanks, Cas."
That's much better.
Cas presses his lips into Dean's hair, humming in agreement, and that's pretty much the last thing Dean hears as he starts to drift off. He still kind of regrets he couldn't stay awake long enough for birthday sex, but there's always next year. Everything's okay now, right? They got time. It's been a hell of a bumpy ride—Dean drove one long and broken road just to get this far—but there's still plenty of asphalt left to put beneath his wheels, and nothing but open two-lane blacktop ahead.
"Oh." Dean drags his arm over his mouth. "I guess not."
John's heart stutters. What?
" Dean says, incredulous.
, inspired by
, hallucinations, and one person calling jack a mean name based on his being half-angel.
completely
to drive your car?"
Michael hopped bodies so quickly that Dean still has the afterimages of some of what his dad saw on the backs of his eyelids, and he remembers Michael's scorn when he saw what was left of Cas's wings curled around him. Now that Michael's history, Dean can't see them anymore, but he has to wonder: has Cas always done that? Is he doing it right now? Dean was horrified at the idea that Sam had been able to see through them for so long. Didn't it ever bother Cas, that the other angels could see what he was doing?
They turn back to watch Sam and Cas and Jack throwing in bits of metal into the fire. They got every last nut and bolt and piece of shredded metal. Dean doesn't care what they said: he was right. This is totally overkill.
"Loophole?"
Dean knows how that is. A long time ago, when Sam was running around with Ruby, he felt the same way. He didn't even care anymore that Sam was keeping secrets; he just wanted Sam to stop treating him like he didn't know better. And suddenly, as quick as that, Dean just can't do this anymore. Not about Hell. Not with Dad.
The rest of the day goes like that—Michael saves his strength when he knows it's useless, like when Dean's chained up, but every time Dean leaves the safety of that restraint the pain and sometimes hallucinations start up all over again. Dean can feel Michael experimenting; instead of pushing as hard as he can every time he gets the chance and wearing himself out, he's trying it different ways, at different times. That's more comforting than it ought to be; if Michael's still experimenting, that does at least mean he hasn't figured out yet exactly how to make Dean break.
"Of course it's my business, Dean!" Sam's jaw is set, his brow drawn, his eyes all big and sad. He looks just like he did when he was a kid. "I'm the one who ran away. If I hadn't had to get out and get away from Dad so badly—you took that beating for me! It all happened because of me! It was my fault."
Footsteps in the hallway. In a moment Mom and Jack round the corner opposite from Dad, behind where Dean stands. "What's going on?" Jack asks. "Dean, are you..." He trails off.
What the hell is Dean supposed to with that?
Very well. The offer was made, mercy extended, in exchange for the consent given to use this body; it was his choice not to take it. We flip through Dean's memories together, Flagstaff and the clinic after. Two cracked ribs? We can make it three. We kick Dean again. There's blood on his lips.
They get drinks. Dad still likes his whiskey neat. Dean has a little, but not too much. Gotta keep an eye on Michael. It's the most surreal feeling in the world. Half of him is focused on keeping himself grounded and keeping that door closed, and the other half feels like he's in outer space—he can't believe he's really sitting here, having this conversation. He can't even figure out how he feels about it, because it doesn't even feel real.
"Yeah." Dean opens the trunk and starts rifling through their weapons, which is stupid, but he likes having something to do. "Yeah, he's gone for good."
"I think—I think we summoned you?" Sam says, but it comes out more like a question, because seriously,
gonna go out like this. Hell already broke him once; he'll be damned if he lets it happen again.
Cas is saying his name. Right, talking. Staying awake. "It was kinda hot, dude," Dean says. "Tag-teaming those vamps like that."
John grits his teeth. "Dean," he admits, his voice low, "one time. In Flagstaff. It was—" To say it was a mistake is beyond understating it. "I thought he'd killed Sam."
Cas doesn't speak, which Dean appreciates, but he nods and presses a hard kiss to Dean's temple, one hand curled around the back of his head. It's a long time before either of them move again.
They're in his room. Everything is exactly as Dean left it. It's still dark, except for the warm glow of the lamp. Cas is okay, right here next to him, except he looks scared to death. Just like when—
And when he leaves the room, Dean is either too pissed or too chickenshit to stop him.
of a general nature include: past child neglect & abuse, including emotional abuse & physical abuse (this is talked about extensively but never depicted "on-screen"), the cycle of abuse, dean having a history of sex work in order to eat (some of which happened when he underage and all of it with very dubious consent, again this is discussed in some detail but never actually depicted), many mentions of torture in hell, GRAPHIC depictions of violence (fight-scene type violence, not abuse-type violence) possession & extremely suggestive language around possession (referring to it metaphorically as rape), extreme sleep deprivation (mood lol), some minor homophobia, some VERY minor suicidal ideation (not out of any genuine wish to die, but as a potential solution to the michael problem), and trauma in general (a shit fucking ton of it). more specific warnings will be added as i post, and spoilery warnings will be put in the end notes for you to decide on a case-by-case basis on whether or not to view them.
To illustrate, he clamps his mouth shut, before he can say something awful like
Dean drags his hand down his face, mortified. "Look, man, I know," he says. "I mean, I don't know, obviously—I was thinking about Michael the whole time, I swear!"
At least he still has Dean. At around lunchtime John's boy finds him with a couple of beers and a plate of sandwiches, saying, "I don't know if you ate your breakfast. Don't tell Sammy I said so, but Dad, a man can't live on bacon alone."
between the first time the angels tried to wring out Dean's consent and the moment he finally gave it up—he thought he was free from that fate, but it was dogging his heels all along, just waiting for the right moment to apply the wrong kind of pressure. Different Michael, sure, but same outcome. Just like he always promised.
, Dean wants to say, except the way Cas is studying him kind of robs him of his voice. Cas says, "I'm sensing ulterior motives."
"That didn't take long," Dean says as Cas slides inside. "Sam tell you I was out here?"
John watches Sam and Dean turn down the corner of the hallway with his eyes narrowed. He wishes he had arrived sooner, heard more of their conversation. All he got was the end of it: Sam said if they locked Dean up, they didn't know if they could get him back out. Castiel promised to be there no matter what, Sam didn't want John asking questions, and Dean—he wanted to be put in the dungeon, in chains. That he was hanging on by a thread. That he had only hours left.
Dean doesn't need to be an archangel because he's connected to one.
The night passes in a slow haze of exhaustion, like all of Dean's nights do lately. Cas dutifully rouses him every thirty minutes like clockwork, and while Dean does at least get to lie down and stay still, he doesn't—can't—get any real sleep. That's the whole point. Cas was gone for two nights to do that zombie thing with Jack, so Dean needed the eight hours in any capacity, but he marvels every night that Cas doesn't get bored just sitting awake doing nothing.
," Dean says again, and squeezes his eyes shut. Cas is okay. He knows Cas is okay. So is Sammy. Sammy would
Dean is, in fact, screaming his denial at this very moment—he would be happy enough to die, but not if it meant Jack losing his soul. But Jack cares more about killing us than he does his own safety; it's not information we can manipulate him with. "Aim carefully," we warn him instead, and inch the blade up Sam's throat so that the point forces him to lift his chin, to look up. "If you hit Sam, you'll lose them both. Not that you'll care, once your soul is gone."
"Dad," says Dean.
But Dean's only got one hand free, and Dad's grip is too strong. Michael and sleep deprivation have made Dean weak; he can't get away from Dad on his own.
Hands on his wrists. Banging in his head. Dean thrashes. "Stop it! Lemme go, you bastard—"
Jack sighs, head hung. "I'm okay. I'm sorry. I was scared. I didn't want anything to happen to you or Mary."
Sam's smile is quick but genuine. "Yeah. We've been living here for years, and I'm still not used to it."
And with all of them sizing each other up over the tops of their cards, it does feel a little like Dean always imagined it might. Like Sam and Dad don't hate each other and there's no fights for Dean to referee and they all actually do want to be here. A good part of that's fake, or temporary—but it's nice of them to play along.
Dean barks out a laugh. "Sue me," he says. "I wasn't exactly expecting my
That's all right. Thanks to John, there's more than one vessel running around this bunker. John is the inferior choice—he's not the perfect vessel, and no one likes him either—but at the moment he does have the advantage of being away from Jack.
"I'll kill her right in front of you," we warn him pleasantly. We tighten our grip on her hair, our other palm hovering just above her temple. "I could snap her neck. Tear her head off. Burn her soul out of her body so she doesn't even make it to Heaven. Is that what you want?"
Then something strange happens: out of nowhere Dean flinches violently, as if startled by some loud sound. He almost drops his beer, one hand coming up to hold his head.
Well, that's one less thing to worry about.
Up he gets. Phone on. Sam's alive: good.
It's weird, the way they tell those stories. Like it's funny and charming and not horrible and that their marriage wasn't on the verge of collapse some days. Like they didn't forget the fights, or the bad times, but that those things just don't matter anymore. Maybe they're just that happy to see each other. Maybe that's what it really means to be married. Like, for better or worse. Playing for keeps.
"Let's make this easy," we say pleasantly. "Break the wards. I want that door open. Or I'm going to turn Sammy here into a little red smear on the floor."
Dean scrambles back, looking up, up, up—
A man appears in the doorway.
or i'll kill you :) the only person we blame for dean's abuse is his abuser. he sucks and nobody has to be nice to him <3
Cas rolls his eyes so hard Dean's surprised they don't fall out of the back of his head. "I am acutely aware."
Maybe there's no point in Dean lying when he's so close to the end, but he doesn't want Dad to worry. He shrugs. "No big deal. We'll get another shot."
Oh. Dean does his best not to get all choked up; he's already cried all over one parent today. "Oh, you know," he says, struggling against a sudden surge of affection for Cas and Mom both, and failing utterly to put a manly amount of indifference into his tone, "he's all right."
At first, nothing happens. Then the bunker lights start to flicker. Dean peeks one eye open—then everything goes black.
"Is he sick?" John presses. "Is he cursed? Does it have something to do with him going to Hell?"
"Have you even got enough slack in those chains to eat candy and popcorn?" Jack asks Dean, with what Dean feels like is an insulting amount of skepticism.
Dean's getting more and more embarrassed about still being in the handcuffs. It makes him feel better to have them on, like—if it happens again, even if he doesn't get any warning, everything will still be okay. But Dean can't live his life like this, and also his hands are falling asleep, so he says, "It's okay. I got him. Cas, get these things off of me."
Is he serious? John looks back and forth between Castiel and Dean, uncertain. "There's no such thing as angels," he whispers. "Everybody knows that." It's a story you tell to children, like the way Mary used to tell the boys that angels were watching over them when she tucked them in at night.
Dean sways on his feet. His vision's going funny again. Is that the blood loss, or is it Michael? His ears start ringing—yeah, that's Michael. "Shut up, you son of a bitch!" Dean snarls. "You ain't going nowhere!"
"He can be," Dean allows. He breathes in deep, his memory of that whiskey and gun oil smell still crystal clear. "But I always felt safe with him—always. Matter of fact, he made me feel safer than just about anyone."
A disgusting affair, angels fornicating with humans—but as predicted, it was useful in the end.
Of course, that might be where Dean's going, too. Said buddy should have enough time to try and find him and bring him back before Billie tosses his soul out into the Empty, but nothing's ever certain. Cas could be too slow, or he might not have the juice. Dean's rolling the dice on this one. He's okay with that. Worst case scenario, well—a whole lot of nothing actually sounds pretty peaceful. It sounds quiet. Dean could use a little quiet, these days. It's been a long time since he was alone in his own head.
"What," he says lowly, fury lacing every word, "did you
Cas joins Dean up by the railing. Dean can see that he's texting Sam too, quicker than Dean ever thought possible when he'd first been teaching Cas to use a smartphone, and switching back and forth, rapidfire, to also text Mom. "You guys gossiping about me?"
John is unsettled with how well everyone else seems to be taking this. "Power like that doesn't get used for
Yeah, okay. That's why they're wasting time buffing up the warding. Dean's heard enough. He decides he might as well take the long way around through the garage, but he forgets his fox walk and snaps a twig on his first step, and of course then they
Cas pins him to the floor, straddling Dean's waist, one hand bruising both of Dean's wrists, the other raising the archangel blade high. There's tears streaked down his face, and Dean grins at the sight. He's never seen Cas cry before. It's a nice little milestone.
Dean gives them a slow count of four in his head before he pulls away. Ask him a month ago and he'd say doing this kind of thing would turn his stomach. But now he feels a kind of longing for Cas he didn't think he was capable of, a feeling that both scares and thrills him. He almost wishes they had more time, and less eyes on them. He might do more than kiss Cas, if they did.
"You should try his burgers," Sam says. He's sitting at the head of the table, to John's left. "I'm not normally a fan, but they're art."
Hours until what? What would make Dean want to be locked away forever?
Cas thinks it over for a moment. "I didn't ever need much," he says at last. "Just to say it, and be acknowledged, and not to have to hold such a big feeling inside. I only—" His voice goes all wavery, and he has to stop for a second to get his shit together. "I only wanted to be as important to you as you are to me. Nothing more."
Dean's headache doubles for that one, and he grins through the pain.
when Jack puts down his beer bottle and says, "Oh, Cas is the one who pulled Dean out of Hell."
"I lost it," Sam says quietly. It takes Dean a second to realize he's ashamed. "Right in front of Mom and Jack, and I told him everything. How angry I was that I grew up feeling like—like he didn't trust me because of the demon blood. How I felt like I didn't belong, or that there was something wrong with me, because he was always waiting for me to go darkside—even when I was just a kid. And Dean, I—I told him if he couldn't lay off Jack, then he couldn't stay in the bunker."
"He doesn't trust anyone," Sam says flatly, and he steps forward too, to make himself an impassable wall between John and Jack, arms folded, expression serious. "It's okay, Dad. Jack's not gonna hurt anyone. Honestly, we're more worried about him getting hurt."
Dean goes back to his bacon. "Touchy," he mutters.
—Dad," Dean says, "I flew in a plane!"
His dad's pain was a phantom limb: invisible, but still hurting and aching, even after Dad was gone. It was something Dean was aware of all the time, kind of like the way he always feels Michael rattling the bars of that cage in his head. And it hurt Dad, that he couldn't give his kids the life they deserved. That's not his fault. So, yeah—if Sam or Cas starts in on John Winchester being a shit father, Dean'll have to jump in the middle. Easing that phantom-limb pain is something that's hardwired into his DNA. That's never gonna change.
"I get it right?" he asks, after she's taken a sip.
Dad sounds...almost proud. It's the first time since killing Yellow Eyes that Dean actually believes it. Talk about a happy birthday. "No kidding," he agrees lightly. Dean was too chickenshit to stand next to Cas, but he does meet his eye on the sly. "Guess good things
And there it is. This is the moment of truth. Dean realizes with a pang that he's been putting off this conversation because he doesn't want things to change. He doesn't want to go back to not having Cas anymore.
Unless he—
It all comes to a head one night about a week and change after Cas gets back, when they're in the bunker alone and Dean's had one too many. Sam and Eileen are away for the weekend, and Sam let it slip that he's planning on popping the question, so Dean decides to pop a bottle, ostensibly to celebrate, mostly to drink away the worry of what happens after they get hitched. There's no champagne in the bunker,
"I'm not asking if they got hit, I'm asking if you beat them," Mary says. "You know there's a difference."
Cas, still scowling, says, "I could attempt to gather souls. Soul power is how I killed Raphael."
"Remember that you have to stay on top of Michael. You can't freak out."
The idea of fucking men is revolting. It's flat-out repulsive. But the idea of Cas is—Dean doesn't know.
But Dean doesn't need John so much as he used to—he would never have shouted at him like that if he did. He's a man now, too, if not exactly the kind John expected him or wanted him to be. He found his feet all on his own. And looking at him with new eyes, John sees that the years grew around Dean like rings on a tree. At the heart of him, he's still just Dean. Comforting the child he scooped up and rushed away from that burning house and the man he sees standing before him might not be two such different things after all.
"I don't want Sam to tell Mom about that stuff," Dean says. "I don't even want him to know about that stuff."
