“I mean, you’re not so bad,” Tony offered, trying to smile behind an obvious lie. Steve stared at him before absolutely losing it, laughing at both Tony’s expression and his utter lack of computer knowledge.
“Not gonna happen, BBQ sauce only in these woods,” Bucky replied, collecting the money while Natasha threw them the finger.
“What?” Tony snapped his head up from his laptop, which he grabbed somewhere in the middle of their argument. “Why didn’t you tell me? More to the point, why didn’t you get me invited?”
“I used to be really little, before I hit puberty, which was crazy late. I had practically no muscle, I was probably somewhere around 5’4”, and I was super skinny because of a naturally high metabolism. I don’t think it’s gotten any faster or slower, but the muscle mass and the calories I eat definitely help keep me at a normal size, I suppose.” Steve shrugged, as if it were nothing that he was just some huge guy with phenomenal muscles and a heart of gold to boot. Tony cursed himself, because really, he came here to convince himself out of this ridiculous crush, not fall further into it.
“I have always been interested in school, that’s why I’m here, Bucky,” Steve replied tightly, pursing his lips in a fine line. “And don’t call him that. He’s not a playboy.”
“C’mon Buck, leave him alone, he’s obviously not ready to confront his feelings,” Sam joked, earning a glare from Steve.
“Yes mother,” Tony promised, rolling his eyes at her. “Speaking of trouble, where is that lovely girlfriend of yours? Shouldn’t she be here making fun of us for not living our college lives to the fullest or whatever?”
He stared at his phone, the number burned in his memory. He was assigned a new student to tutor, which was always nice, but it was in a subject he hadn’t even glanced at in years. Intro Programming, topics he learned before he could talk. But of all the tutors, he was the resident computer genius. He circled the classrooms once more, their empty tables and blank whiteboards begging him to scribble over and make a mess like his workshop.
“Doesn’t mean you can’t be quiet about it,” Rhodey said, “it just requires more clandestine meetups. Ooh, a forbidden romance, that could be interesting.”
“Oooh, invite her and her study group over here! And tell her to bring Steve,” Rhodey suggested, throwing a conspiratorial grin at Tony.
“Besides, no way Coach Fury would kick you off the team,” Bucky added. “You’re his star player, his ticket back to coach stardom or whatever shit he’s spewing nowadays.”
“We can always discuss that a different time, but right now I wanna focus on you passing this course,” Tony said, sighing internally.
“So, how’s it goin with Mr. All American?” Rhodey asked a few weeks later, after Tony came back from a particularly frustrating session.
“Well, it doesn’t matter, because nothing is going to happen between me and Tony,” Steve said, failing to hold back a sigh of disappointment. Tony was quite attractive, with his slender frame and his ever curious eyes. Steve would jump at the chance to ask him out, but he didn’t think Tony would go out with someone like Steve who was average intelligence at best, and just plain stupid at worst, especially when it came to what Tony’s studying. Steve had glanced at Tony’s laptop once in a while, and he saw multiple programs running in the background with equations he couldn’t read correctly, let alone understand. And not to even mention his ass, which almost killed Steve on site the first time Tony had bent down to grab his charger. It was round and perky and goddamnit if Steve didn’t have incredibly inappropriate thoughts about grabbing it during half of their sessions.
“Tony, it’s 10pm, I’ve seen you go to bed at 4am when you have an 8am exam,” Rhodey argued, dragging Tony to his feet. “You gotta support Pep, and her wonderful girlfriend who brings us her attractive friends.”
,” Steve said, his frustration building. “Tony and I are just friends, I mean we’re barely friends, he’s just my tutor.”
“B+,” he replied through a very foggy brain. Tony left a trail of kisses up Steve’s face, humming in agreement.
“Oh god, why are you in the middle of the hallway?” Clint yelled. Tony jumped away in surprise before sliding quickly back to Steve to hide both of their erections.
“Absolutely not, you’ll distract them from studying, and Tony won’t get any work done himself,” Pepper threw back. “Besides, I don’t even know if he’s in her study group.”
“Oh, yeah, well,” he stuttered, and honestly, Steve could not find him any cuter than right at this moment. “Your dorm is very confusing, I tried to find the bathrooms and I couldn’t find them anywhere and then I wanted to run back to my own dorm where I knew there would be a bathroom and then I couldn’t find a door out I mean you don’t have the exits clearly marked, and that’s totally a fire safety hazard, I feel like you should report it to your coach or even the dean I mean that seems like something that ought to be fixed right away-“
“Well, I want to be in the army, but first I wanted to get a degree, and I liked the idea of maybe cyber tech and whatnot. Might have to change my career path,” Steve laughed.
“No, not happening, I am not going to see Steve at this god-awful hour,” Tony whined. As much as he wanted to see his favorite student, Steve was still his
After many tutoring sessions and way too many coffees, Steve seemed to destroy every stereotype Tony had about athletes. He was quiet for one, almost shy, and he was nervous a lot about getting the answer right. And he was smart, just not in computer science necessarily. Tony asked once to see what else Steve studied, and he showed him parts of his sketchbook. He was almost hesitant, like he didn’t want Tony to judge him harshly, but every single drawing Tony saw took his breath away. Steve was talented, like
He leaned down, tilting his head to the side to capture Tony’s lips in his, finally. Tony responded beautifully, wrapping his arms around Steve’s shoulders for leverage and reaching up to tangle his hands in his hair. He gave as good as he had, and Steve tried his best to keep up. But the truth was, Tony was turning him into jello, and even though Steve was bigger, it felt like Tony was the one holding them up. He nipped at Steve’s lips, smoothing them over with his tongue, and Steve was absolutely helpless against his efforts. Somehow, he had backed up, and now was pressed against the wall, which offered a very solid base to steady himself as Tony slotted one leg between Steve’s. He felt Tony’s hands roaming over his chest, slipping under his shirt, which drew a moan from Steve who immediately responded by sliding his hands over Tony’s ass. It was just as round and perky as it looked, and in these sweatpants, it was
“Yes, sorry, you’re Steve?” he finally asked, snapping out of his trance. Steve flashed him the brightest smile he’d ever seen, with perfect straight, white teeth that could be in any toothpaste commercial.
Tony scowled at her, even though he loved her dearly. Sometimes, he wished they had worked out as a couple, but it turns out Pepper can only handle so much of Tony’s bullshit, and Tony wasn’t willing to compromise his, often dangerous, work.
“Only if you promise to study and work to get an A,” Tony breathed heavily, already nosing at Steve’s jaw and making it difficult to concentrate.
“If this is about Steve, I will not hear one more comment about his appearance or personality,” Bruce replied, eyes glued to his screen. He maneuvered himself to the couch, pushing Rhodey to the side. “My research on organism mutation is almost done, and I will not be distracted by your schemes, Tony.”
“It just takes time sometimes, I’m free to help you outside of our official tutoring lessons if you want, we can even grab dinner and make a date of it,” Tony suggested, before realizing what he said and freezing on the spot. Steve blinked and opened his mouth, then closed it, then opened it again. It looked like he couldn’t quite think of what to say, and his brow furrowed as if he was trying to find the nicest way to let Tony down. Tony, meanwhile, stuttered something about the bathroom, before he threw himself off the armchair and towards the hallway that he assumed probably eventually led to a bathroom. Steve remained glued to his seat, gaping like a fish, and when Tony looked back at the last second, he was staring at the floor. Tony cringed to himself and thought,
“You’re certainly disturbing me, stop that! I’m right in front of you!” Clint screeched, throwing his hands in the air and storming back through the doorway to the common room.
“Hey, you took off,” Steve said, as softly as he could, but Tony still jumped a mile in the air before whipping around to face him.
“Right, and this has nothing to do with you studying way harder to get better grades in order to impress someone? Someone very specific?”
“Tony! You better get your ass up and ready for school before I do it for you! Trust me that is not something you want!” she yelled. Tony most definitely did not want that. for the first time in a while, Tony did what he was told and was ready to leave in 15 minutes. “Get in the car or you're going to be late.” Pepper said starting her car.
“3000.” She confirmed. Pepper nodded and closed the door. Morgan was ecstatic. With her mom gone she could go down to her father’s lab and fix the van. If she worked hard, Morgan might be able to fix it before the weekend was up. She waited until she saw her mom’s car leave before heading back into the elevator, but the button was gone. She frowned, if she couldn’t get to the lab her plans would be ruined. “FRIDAY?” She asked.
“As long as you’re happy I don’t care.” Bruce said writing something down. He didn't even bother to look up.
The game itself was huge. Tony had never seen a group of people this large before. It was a tiny bit overwhelming. But having Steve by his side made him feel a lot better. He also helped Tony understand what was going on in the game. Tony even understood when Rhodey's team scored. Tony was having the best time he ever thought he could have at a sporting event. They met up with Rhodey after the game at his car.
Scott wiped his forehead and stepped back. That was it, they were done. They had finished the portal. They even did a small test run. It work. They could get Morgan back. He looked at Hope who smiled and nodded towards the portal.
“Only that short? I thought it would be longer based on how far we seem from the tower.” Tony said, looking down. Steve shook his head.
“Enough time for me to say B- when people ask me what's my type, when they mean dating.” Tony said, looking up at Steve. It was too quick for anyone to see coming. Or at least Tony because he was oblivious. Steve pressed his lips against Tony's. He made a noise of surprise then melted into the kiss. Steve pulled away and Tony missed the warm of Steve against him.
seen it.” Tony countered. Clint rolled his eyes and pouted slightly. Tony smiled a bit, he had just sort of won his first argument.
“Of course we are going to need to background check you, but if everything checks out, we’ll do it.” The girl hadn’t moved from The Captain’s side since she arrived. Her face showed no emotions and Tony envied her ability to do that.
“Can’t sleep?” She heard, a female voice said. She turned around and saw Natasha. She snorted at her luck. Of course that’s who showed up. “Laughing at me?”
"Alright." FRIDAY said at last. Morgan breathed a sigh of relief. She stepped out into the lab and rolled up her sleeves. It was time to get to work.
Tony looked at the clothes, they did seem to be his size. Obie had always given him the newest clothes, whatever he wanted. These, however, seemed so cool. Tony ended up with a long sleeved, striped pink and black shirt, with a black band t-shirt on over it. He pulled on the pair of ripped black jeans, and he placed his converse back on. He looked at himself in the mirror and smiled. He liked the way the faded colors and the tears - ones put there on purpose this time! - looked on him. He walked of the room, and back into the common room where everyone was. He had a small smile on his face, and sat down next to the couch on the floor again, his legs, like always, folded underneath him. Obie had told him if he had to sit, it should be neatly and properly, and on the floor first. And if he said Tony could join him on whatever he was sitting on, then and only then was Tony allowed off the floor.
“It’s Steve, and I hoped to use your real name, otherwise I’ll start referring to you with a different name.” Steven - Steve - said. Tony heistated. Then it came to him.
“She’ll have to do it, but there isn’t a grantee and even so. She’ll try again and eventually get it. We just figured we should tell everyone. It’d be best one of you tell her.” The group nodded before looking at one another. It’d be hard. Morgan knew what day it was. They
“This way, we’ll let him explain when he wakes up.” Natasha said. Pepper smiled sadly. She liked how Natasha said when.
“Boys!” Natasha yelled. They looked at her. “Seems we didn’t have a choice.” Natasha guestered to Morgan walking up to him. They froze.
“Doctor Banner got a call from Morgan at around 12:23 this morning.” She replied. Steve sort of paled.
Steve watched the tower. Obadiah Stane’s main building. Steve knew that this man had secrets just waiting to be discovered, though he had no clue what. Obadiah was a terrible and cruel man, and Steve was just the guy to expose the truth to the world. He waited for Obadiah to leave, before stalking over to the building. Getting up to the penthouse wouldn’t be the hard part, the hard part would be getting past the security desk in the lobby. Today, however, he was going to get into that office, even if it was the last thing he did. He plastered a smile on his face, and held his camera firmly in his hand. He had his plan, and it was going to work. Steve walked in and stood at the receptionist’s desk.
“I don’t know. It’s just I feel it. They way he smiles and his face lights up, it’s wonderful Bucky, I swear it.” Steve said. Bucky could see in his eyes that Steve loved this man and his face softened.
for comfort, and for the best sleep, but to Tony, this was the most comfortable bed he ever slept in. He didn’t fall asleep though, he wanted to wait until Steve came to bed, just in case. The door opened and Steve crept in quietly. Tony was surprised that such a large man could walk so quietly. As soon as Steve was in bed, Tony closed his eyes. Sleep had never come so easily to him before.
“Doctor Banner.” Steve said as they approached. Cassie went upstairs and stayed in one of the guest rooms when they got there. Scott didn’t want another daughter lost in time. Hank and the rest were already looking over the van and trying to figure out what needed to be done.
“Alright, well where is he?” Steve asked sitting across from her. She went from screen to screen and scrolled a little here and there as well as typing things a few times. Clint shivered when he saw the smile on her face. It was a knowing, yet somewhat evil smile that looked
“Thank you.” He said quietly and walked off into the hallway. Steve looked after him and turned to call in the pizza.
“Steve! Do you know what you have just done?!” Pepper exclaimed as quietly as she could. “We could have lawsuits filed against us if anyone ever finds out what just happened. He could be a minor, and we could be charged with kidnapping!” She hissed. Steve passed out the coffee Tony had made for them to everyone.
Morgan woke up and her head was killing her. She moved her hand, the real one not the metal one, to her forehead and groaned. She cracked her eye opened ever so slightly to see Clint standing over her before closing it again a second later.
“Obadiah killed him. Along with Howard and Maria.” Tony said. Steve frowned slightly at hearing Tony calling his parents by their first name. But wasn’t his business. “He has guards on you. Ready to shoot at anytime. Phone’s were bugged couldn’t tell you. I couldn’t risk it. I did research and found these people. The deal was I joined them and they would kill Obadiah.” Tony said. The pair looked Steve. He shrugged.
“Wait I am super mad at you!” She said. He laughed lightly. (Morgan was one of the only people, these days that could still make him laugh.)
“It’s going to be okay Pepper. I’m sure he is fine.” Rhodey said. He was afraid himself but he wouldn’t let Pepper know that. She didn't need that. Not right now. He knew how stressed she was. “On my way.” He said and hung up. Tony was going to be okay. He had to be.
“I’m 18!” Tony squeaked. He shook his head not knowing why he was telling him this. “JARVIS, facial scan please.”
“I’m from a generation that is not only a terrible, kind of morbid, pun but also holds actually truth behind it.” She replied. It wasn’t an answer but they knew she was getting there. “Generation Phoenix.” She breathed it. “There are so few of us and I understand it.”
“He favoured his left side and his never moved his neck so I figured as much.” She said with a shrug. Steve put a hand on Tony's shoulder.
“Okay, so like, what’s wrong with him?” Bucky asked as soon as Steve was off the phone. Steve sighed, knowing that discussing Tony would be inevitable. He was just glad they all waited until Tony was out of the room.
“Who built the original?” Morgan asked. “I know Tony didn’t build that van because it wasn’t his style. Than who did?”
“How do you remember that?” Clint said. “Like the year he did it? Is it in textbooks now or something?”
“Hey Tony, before I say anything, is someone there with you?” She asked. He was too impatient to notice her tone of voice.
“What is happening is you broke in here and we want to know who you are and how did you get in here without any of us knowing.” Natasha said. Natasha, Auntie Tasha. Her Auntie Tasha aiming a gun at her.
“Jarvis must be worried sick! You had us scared half to death, think of him!” Pepper explained. Tony’s face fell. His face lost all color.
Morgan spent her day lounging around. It was nice. Being able to do these things with the Avengers, the original ones.
"The newest Stark phone can do way too much." She muttered. She stayed on her phone and texted her mom. ‘I’m in the past, they don’t know who I am. If you call again, I’ll refer to you as Pepper.’
“Sir, you brother requests your- who’s this?” A redhead girl asked coming out of the office and ballroom hallway.
Tony was good at being quiet. He remembered when he was little and Obie was around more often, Obie would get drunk and angry. To make sure he wouldn’t get hit, Tony often had to be quiet when moving around and working. That was just how people were, right? Tony made his way into the kitchen and looked around. He loved the way this house was set up; it was almost like what college dorms looked like in the movies. A shared common room and kitchen, with hallways leading down to different bedrooms. It was nice, and had such a cozy feel to it. Unlike the tower, which was never full and always had a cold feeling.
He stared at the coffee maker as if it would make the coffee brew faster if he kept staring it down. Natasha and Bruce had their tea and Clint waited in line for the coffee. Tony didn’t miss the way Steve’s eyes lingered on him. It was probably just him checking to make sure Tony was okay but he couldn’t help but blush at his gaze. It was slight and he made sure to just drink his coffee to hide it. Come on, Steve was literally the peak of human perfection. There was no way to not appreciate him. There was something missing though, something nagging at the back of his head.
“Heart attack?!” The entire friend group yelled at once. It was kind of creepy how in-sync they were. Pepper and Rhodey gave Tony and identical look. Tony scrunch up his face a bit and shrugged.
“Bucky is right.” Bruce said, also standing up. “If we want to get good seats, or seats at all, we should go soon.”
“That’s because they left, my boy.” Obie said, somberly, and pointed at the line of cars. Tony recognized the car as the same model as Steve’s, and although the windows were tinted, he could see a tall, blonde man in the front seat. Tony gasped. They...They had left him. Steve was gone. The man whom he thought cared for him. He was betrayed. Obie never betrayed him. Obie cared.
“Don’t fall.” She commented but startled him and he fell on the floor. She stifled a laugh and went to help him up. “At least it’s straight now.” She said with giggle. He grabbed her hand and she pulled him up.
Steve was now sitting on the couch where Sam had sat, and Natasha was now on the floor with Clint. Sam had moved over and was now sitting next to Bucky. Tony walked over and sat on the ground next to the couch, with his legs folded neatly underneath him.
“Clint?! How-Why- what-?” Tony had no idea what to even say. Clint grabbed Tony’s wrist and started to drag him away. Tony wasn’t really resisting. Thor, Bucky’s bodyguard and Natasha, along with  Bucky were now in the room. Watching what was going on. “Clint just give me a few minutes!” Tony exclaimed.
“Shut up!” Tony shouted. He hated it when people yelled, and this man was being way too loud for Tony’s liking. The man went quiet. “Thank you.” He muttered. Tony stepped back into the light holding the wrench firmly with both his hands as he approached the intruder.
“No, I mean I’ve seen it in T.V shows and movies, but I never had it before.” He replied. Clint moved behind Natasha and sat in front of Tony crossing his legs, and spent the next half hour teaching him how to properly eat pizza.
“No! It's actually kind of cute.” He said. Tony blushed. Steve looked down. “I mean my brother's in charge but what is he going to do? Fire me from being a prince?” Tony laughed.
get you out!” Tony nodded, putting his fate in Steve’s hands. Obadiah let go of Tony and turned his focus to Steve.
“Yeah, a fire escape or a fail-safe if anyone who isn’t supposed to be inside the building gets in. Sort of like you.” Tony said. The elevator opened and they moved quietly behind the  receptionist and through a door that Steve hadn’t even noticed.
All languages were google translated (expect for English) I'm not the best at Russian so like I figured the safest way was to use google translate. Thank you so much for reading!!! <3
“Yes, it’ll be fine.” Steve said. “If you want I could sit with you in the back. I'm sure Clint already stole my seat, so it’s no issue.”
“No, not really anyway. I'm pretty sure I'm clean but like I've been wasted before. Anyway, what I meant was considering who my target is shouldn't it be best not to show you who I am?” Tony rambled. He realized he should've stopped talk and tried to stop the flush of his face. The Captain seemed to smile a little.
“Sir has been awake for about three days, or 84 hours to be exact.” JARVIS said. Tony hung his head and tapped his ear piece. He forgot JARVIS could turn on speak mode whenever he wanted.
“Fine. Just, don’t get them involved...” He said. Steve heard every last word and he wasn’t about to let Tony sacrifice himself for him. He wouldn’t let him hurt any more. So instead, he burst through the door and ran over to them.
Morgan scrolled through the information and looked around. She found what she was looking for. Her eyes scanned the screen faster than what seemed possible. Her brain worked fast. With a genius father and mother who ran a company, while trying to take care of said father at the same time, their brains had to work fast. Morgan just happened to inherit that. She rolled her eyes and threw her head back.
Scott, Hope, Janet and Hank all sat down around Steve and Bucky. Cassie was upstairs. They hadn’t said anymore then that.
“Yes, I can hear them from my room. I used to be able to see some of them over a few buildings, but then Obie changed my room when I asked to see them.” Tony said. “I don’t . mind that noise, it’s comforting.” Steve nodded.
“Anthony! You are a prince and your kingdom was attack! It is your duty to protect it, we are going! NOW!” Clint yelled and pulled Tony away.
“I’m not sure. The amount of cell phones being used in the area and the fact that he may be moving is interfering. We’ll just have to look around.” She replied. They did. The group didn’t exactly split up. They stay within eyesight of each other.
She let the tears fall as she saw them go back together after parting the first time. That was it, they were happy. They were in love. She looked to her side and smiled. It was over for her now but that was okay. There was no going back to her old life but it was worth it.
he had a weak heart. It was not looking good for him. But all he had to do was stall him, just for a little while longer. He had screamed for JARVIS to call the police, and the were probably on their way right now. Hopefully. He would not let himself be taken like this.
“Guys! I’m sorry I missed it! But, why is Tony back with Obadiah Stane? I thought he didn’t know he was here.” She asked. Steve and the others went white.
“What’s up Steve? Something I can help with?” He asked without looking up. He saw Steve shrug before standing behind Tony.
and she could type faster with one hand then most people could with both. She wasn’t sure exactly how to code it though. She needed to get it done though. It was the next step in the plan to fix the future. She went through test after test until finally, one seemed to work. She smiled before lying down in her new bed. It was unfamiliar and yet comforting. She found it easy to fall asleep.
To her own surprise she slept peacefully that night. Not upset, not worried, not afraid of her upcoming, emanate death.
“Get over here.” He said. Tony stood up and made his way over. A small thudding noise was heard. “What the hell was that?” Tony knew not to panic.
“How do you live?” Bucky asked. Tony was uncomfortable now. He didn't mean to say the wrong thing. He didn’t even know what he did wrong.
"Also, could you like not mentioned this to my mom?" FRIDAY hesitated again. "Unless I'm in danger of course."
“Don’t do that, I need my camera, Steve! This isn’t a joke you promised!” The two started to argue, and it just got louder from there. Tony tried to cover his ears, but it didn’t much.
“It’s right this way.  This is the main entrance, up those stairs is the bedrooms and down this hallway is the dining room and that hallway is the ballroom and offices.” Steve said. Tony nodded taking it all in. Tony looked past the stairs to two glass doors.
“You’re the first person, not in my family to be so direct with me. I kinda like it. So if you don't have a place to stay, why don't you just stay with me?” Steve asked. Tony looked horrified.
“JARVIS?” He asked. “Where’s Morgan?” He figured it out. She wasn’t there. She didn’t come bouncing in wearing a stolen shirt, even though Tony bought her, her own clothes.
“He’s on a romantic vacation with Hope... and Cassie.” Steve said off screen. Past Steve cocked his head to the side and Tony scrunched up his nose.
“Exercise 8, Tony. Deep breaths. I'm here, Tony you are safe here.” She said. By the time already came back he was fuming and Tony was was calm, well calmer. the entire friend group was worried and had no idea what was going on they wouldn't leave Tony until they were sure that he was okay. Until they knew for a fact he would be okay.
“They’re fine.” Steve said and crossed his arms. “What the hell, you got shot because you dove in front of civilians! You could’ve died!”
“Kid you’re not suppose to leave the compound alone, let alone the year!” Rhodey exclaimed. Morgan shrugged.
“Stab you.” Tony finished, poking The Captain’s chest with his dagger. The Captain almost seemed impressed. Being face to face with The Captain after all this time made Tony smile. They were so close and Tony couldn’t help but noticed how attractive The Captain was. Even though they both could die at any moment.
“Morgan?” Steve asked frantically over the phone. “Is everything okay?” She took a deep breath and steadied herself.
“Possibly.” Was his replied. He didn't care if it was his first time or not. He got through didn't he.
It was Tony’s. Obadiah was dead. Tony dropped the gun and fell to his knees. Steve rushed over to where he was now on the ground. He hugged the smaller man to his chest. Steve pet his hair.
JARVIS?” Steve asked. “Like from scratch? You built an A.I system by yourself?” Tony looked at his confused expression, which matched everyone else’s in the room.
Morgan sat down on the couch and took off her quantum-suit. After explaining what happened with her.
“We’ll be right here.” He said. Tony nodded and went straight back to where they had been sitting. It was right there, on the ground. Well, it had been stepped on and moved slightly, but it was there. Tony clutched it to his chest, and placed it in his shoe, so he wouldn’t lose it again. He turned and walked to the place he remembered where everyone had been standing, but he couldn’t find them. They were nowhere in sight.
“I- I didn't I have been adrift for awhile. I- I thought I could climb aboard and t-try to get to land.” Tony stuttered. The man let go and Tony stumbled and almost fell but the man was back holding him up again.
“I’m sorry, but that floor is Mr. Stane’s, and no one is allowed to go up there unannounced.” She said, her polite tone of voice painfully fake.
“You suck.” Tony said getting into the car. The ride was short but to Tony it took a lifetime. “Pepper, I can't do this. I don't want to! High school is way too big for me! I won't go!” He said firmly Pepper's face softened.
“I found the van downstairs and fix it up.” She said her voice reaching a higher octave. “Oh, look at that I gotta go, byeee!” With that, Morgan hung up. “She is going to kill me for that.” Morgan muttered.
“Yes, now if you don’t want the Colonel or that assistant girl to share his fate, i suggest you let me stay in control.” Obie hissed into his ear. Tony thought of Pepper and Rhodey with a bullet in their heads. He shuddered. Then nodded dumbly. Tony got up slowly and walked to the door. “And don’t even think about telling anyone about this. I have all your phones bugged and guards following your ‘friends.’ so don’t even think about warning them.” Obie smiled as Tony opened the door. “Don’t be a stranger.” He called after Tony.
“Wat ‘bout Pep?” Tony asked. His words were short and slurred which wasn’t a good thing. Pepper gasped and looked up, Rhodey’s arm still around her.
“No, not really, I just had a hard decision to make over the phone earlier and I don’t think I could sleep.” She said. Natasha sat down next to her and faced her. Morgan turned as well.
“Alright, kiddo. What do you want this year?” Steve asked. She smiled shyly and looked down. It was funny how fast her mood could change.
By the time she was done, Morgan was covered with paint, mostly purple which is was she decided to use instead of the old orangish brown color it use to be. Purple was a much better color. But she add some designs so she was pretty much a rainbow of colors. Here normally chocolate brown hair was now blue and green. Her face was covered with colors creating new ones as they mixed. It was mostly dry so she could touch everything without getting paint on it. He stepped back to admire her work. The van was a nice shade of purple and blue with designs of the Avengers on one side and a little memorial of her dad on the other side. She was decent at painting, Steve taught her a lot. They used to have lesson when she was little, he would meet her in the common room at three o’clock every time she was here. She wasn’t as good as him but did it often enough that the van looked good. She looked at her phone. It was 8 o’clock at night.
“I’ll go with you.” Bucky said. Steve nodded again before turning back to Pepper, who was sitting next to Rhodey, and placed a hand on her knee.
“Thank you Natasha!” Tony called after her. He could’ve sworn, he saw her smile. As if she didn’t hear ‘thank you’ all that often. Tony let out a breath.  He'd have to bath, if he didn't Steve would know. He smelled like salt water and fish, which humans didn't like. But if he got wet, he’d turn back into a merman. Slowly, he took off his clothes and got in. Within in ten second he had his tail back. He prayed no one would come in. That would be bad. The bath was nice, despite the anxiety of someone walking in. It wasn’t like the ocean, it was so warm and bubbly. Getting out was a huge issue. He ended up face down on the floor.
Tony nodded slowly, he hadn’t eat lunch today and he never ate breakfast. He would’ve eaten lunch, but a hot blonde guy with a camera broke into his house.
“I know it was obvious but I’m trying to say it you won’t be able to get on alone. You need to not only access his house but his lab and company. First company to cause a distraction that would make Hank go there and when there you’ll need his phone to be able to get into his lab. But first you have to get into his house and grab a key which you will also need. It’s complex and there is no way to do it alone.” He said.
“Cut the crap Tony! I’m worried out of my mind about you! You said you were getting better and that you would take over the company three months ago! Then you practically cut off contact with me! Tony I love you but you’re worrying me sick.” She cried.
“You don't have to apologize Tony.” Natasha said. “your house literally burned to the ground, you didn't overreact.” Tony smile that her reassurance.
“Yeah, I just haven’t ever walked that far before.” Tony huffed. “JARVIS, I am alright, right?” He asked his A.I quietly.
“It’s not your fault, we should’ve warned you that Pepper was coming over before this happened.” Steve said. “Are you okay?”
“You don’t get a say in this Tones!” Rhodey yelled. Morgan didn’t even bother stopping herself from laughing. Clint pushed into the frame.
“What’s going on here? Why did all of this happen?” Rhodey asked. Pepper placed a hand on his shoulder.
“Please just be safe!” Bruce said. Tony gave him an earnest smile and nodded. Tony made his way up the ship and held to the railing. Then his grip slipped and thought he was going to fall. Only Tony could mess this up.
“He calls me seaweed brain, which is actually very insulting where we come from and I Birdbrain.” Tony explained.
the rest of the day was completely uneventful, although it was a decent day, he was happy to be home. As soon as he closed the door, his phone rang. It was Rhodey.
“What’s up?” He asked her. She made a face before looking up at him. Her father, the one she was mourning earlier, the one person who was
“It was no issue, really.” She said with a smile. “I knew you needed someone and Steve was a good choice.”
“If you say so kid, just don’t rush into anything alright?” Bucky said. “I don't want to see you hurt.” Steve smiled wistfully.
“That’s a lie.” She said. Slowly, she placed a hand on his shoulder. He flinched, but didn’t pull away. She pressed his head against her shoulder, rubbing his arm. He had never been touched this way before, and he honestly liked it. He liked it a lot. By the time Steve came downstairs, the two hadn’t moved; Tony still hadn’t cried, even though Natasha’s statement made him feel like it was okay. Steve had rushed down stairs and breathed a sigh of relief upon finding the two.
“A bomb in case we need a quick get away. It should cause a minor earthquake that will simple shake the building just a bit.” Tony said. “If my calculations are correct.”
“Sorry guys, I have to take this.” Tony said. Then walked over to the side for privacy. “What's up Pep?”
“Th-Thanks you guys.” He stuttered, still smiling, and they stayed like that for awhile. Tony was perfectly content just listening to their stories of customers who were rude, or even downright stupid. He never laughed like this in his whole life. He enjoyed it very much. People were actually kind of fun, and these people were really nice to him. Bucky sighed and stood up.
“I don’t know, last time I tried without Tony I turned Scott into a baby.” Bruce said. “I didn’t get to fully analyze what he did.” They all sat in silence.
“Oh god.” He muttered and ran over to them. Rhodey was busy trying to stop the bleeding, his little medical training was actually helping even if it was only a little. “Stand back.” Steve said bending down. Rhodey did what he was told. Pepper buried her head into Rhodey’s shoulder and cried. “Hulk we need you to be ready. Ironman is down and not conscious.”
“Don’t have another choice Dr. Banner!” She yelled into the phone. “I can do this and if I die so be it. It’s my choice, not yours. I have a chance here and I want him to be happy. I know he can be if I do this.” She said. “I’m sorry but I have to. Don’t tell anyone or else I make your future bad.” She said. They both knew it was an empty threat and that she wouldn’t ever do that but it was there.
“Steve we have to- Who the hell is this?” A man sitting at the table with a bunch of papers around him said. Tony immediately flushed.
"Don't tell her over the phone. The last thing we need is for her to get hurt trying to get here." Steve said. Happy nodded.
It wasn’t long before everything else was starting to wake up. First Bruce, who sat down next to Pepper, then Clint and Natasha walked in, and then Bucky and Sam. They all seemed tired out of their minds. Tony knew the caffeine would help wake them all up.
“You think I don’t know that?” She asked. “You think I’m stupid? I’m 15 and smarter than you.” She exclaimed. “Sorry that was hurtful but still.”
“Guys, no, I broke into his home, literally. You guys would do the same if someone broke into our house.” Steve defended. Tony smiled faintly behind Steve. “And you guys would call the police, which Tony did not do. He hid our stuff and asked me to take him to see the fireworks tomorrow night. And if I do that, he’ll give me back our stuff, and he won’t press charges.” They all looked at Tony. He did
Happy walked into the Avengers compound he was a little late but he was still there. Steve, Bucky, Sam and Clint were all in the common room when he arrived.
A pause. And then JARVIS’s tone takes on an unmistakeable–and increasingly frequent–timbre of warmth. “If it had not been, sir, I certainly would have informed you far earlier.”
“Continue not to, for fuck’s sake. As of now, what I say here doesn’t leave this room until further notice.” He looked challengingly at Natasha, who demurred with a slow blink. Then he turned to Steve, and exhaled. “All right. Go ahead and introduce yourself, soldier.”
Deep beneath his sternum, a hot coal began to glow. He sucked in a breath, and it seemed only to get hotter. He was losing feeling in his hands.
He fought down an onslaught of nausea. Stumbled a few more paces towards Bleeker Street before he nearly dropped the case.
“Wait!” Helen shouted, throwing out a hand, “It should be working!” She typed frantically. “It just—oh my god. Tony, the molecular binding.“
Tony is quite certain, however, that if he says that aloud, not only will Thor be offended, but Heimdall or whoever will probably descend from the clouds to smite him for his grievous insult. He knows the guy is Norse, but hell, all gods get down with the smite, don’t they?
“No,” Tony agrees, meeting his eyes for the first time. “Not at this point. But there should be laws in place that will make it harder, not just for me, but for all of us, to fuck up. Because I know I’m the merchant of death, but you’re not fallible either, Cap, and neither is Natasha, and neither is your friend.” He makes a considering look at the ceiling. “Sam, on the other hand, possibly infallible. He is almost inhumanly even-keeled, especially for a guy who likes flying around on actual metal wings.”
“Does that reasonable explanation end with ‘and then I panicked’?” Tony says, “Because I can think of no other reason why you would come to me, of all people, with a
“You seem to be doing better,” Dr. Feranza said, looking cautiously pleased. “What’s changed, lately?”
“Undermining it doesn’t count as working on it,” Tony says finally, the edge in his voice only somewhat softened.
“Um,” the super had said, hands on his waist, “The’re fine. Quiet types, mostly. Friends of the owner. And the owner is…mostly fine? You wont’ see much of him.”
But then they have a bad day, as they were no doubt due for, and Tony can’t do it. They get to the mansion and he starts peeling off the pieces as he walks to the elevator, each piece nauseating to lose but worse to keep on.
“Ferragamo on Fifth Avenue,” Pepper replies, and folds her hands very neatly in her lap. “Tony’s black AmEx is desperately in need of some exercise.”
He paused. Probably did no good to badmouth his dad in front of a former colleague, unconscious or not. He took a breath, and continued. “And of course, Fury doesn’t tell me shit, because that’s what he does, he’s like a pirate-ninja, it’s ridiculous. One day I’m going to steal his eye-patch and probably get tased for the trouble, but it’ll totally be worth it. Come on, Cap, work with me here, I’ve only got ten minutes before they kick me out and—“
“That aside,” Fury cut in, “The captain will be staying on SHIELD premises for the immediate future. Rogers, if you need anything, these are the people to ask. We’ll get you set up with a space of your own and some reading.”
“I’m so proud,” Tony says, emerging, a soft grin on his face. “He hates Jar-Jar Binks as much as I do. I didn’t even need to prompt him.”
Tony smirked. “Yep. When I saw what Fury was giving you in the way of cultural briefing, I was kind of offended on both yours and Steve’s behalf, because seriously, Cap, all of your issues with the 21st century totally make sense now–”
They all watch as Steve’s expression gets stormier and stormier. The suited man remains placid as he gestures vaguely and grants Fury some pleasant, empty smiles. Fury looks less and less impressed with him.
She regarded him with eyes unbearably like her dad’s. “Mom asked me to ask you if you wanted to stay here tonight.”
Pepper inhaled sharply, then let it out slow. “Ugh,” she said. “That’s probably what he would have said, too. You’re no help.”
“All right, I think we’re set,” Helen said. A faint, high hum had begun to come from the Cradle. It made the back of Steve’s teeth itch. “Ready, Tony?”
He went on a long run around the lake, trying not to think about anything but the taste of the air and the path in front of him, and then instead of heading inside afterwards, found himself wandering the property and ending up at the garage.
“‘Kay,” Morgan said amenably, and turned away, blissfully unaware of the history she’d just excavated and then promptly re-buried. “Mom! Steve’s gonna stay!”
“Not sure yet,” Tony answered, to his unfinished question. He tilted his head, and even without his eyes visible, the heaviness of his gaze was tangible. “Will you stay to find out?”
He visited the Stones a few more times. Each night after, his dreams were vivid, and they always featured Tony, in varying states of distraction. They didn't always talk, and usually when they did, Tony did most of the talking, about things that didn't wholly make sense, and which he didn't bother to explain. In fairness, Steve didn't try very hard to understand him; dreams weren't meant to make sense. It was like what Morgan said—it was nice to just see him, sometimes.
He might as well have asked about an embarrassing disease; Steve froze in place and seemed to have to work hard to compose himself into something resembling normal. He took what felt like several hours to finish chewing his bite of toast, appeared to lose his nerve and then regain it, until finally he said, “It was about Tony.”
He didn’t need the rig to take it off after mark one, even when it was badly damaged; Dummy just picked it all up and put it back into embrace of the hydraulic arms that sorted all of the parts, sending the damaged ones off to be reshaped and reassembled while the usable pieces were readied for the next time Tony needed to put them on.
“EKG started up six hours ago and is now steady,” she cut in flatly. “He should be coming to pretty soon, if what we know about the serum is correct.”
That postwar history book—there was really a Captain America radio show?? Peggy must have despised it. Of the things I wish she could remember, that’s definitely not one.
There is nothing Tony hates more, in this moment, than Doombots. Give him death rays, give him alien invasions, give him anything other than these souped up terminators on steroids with their inane shouting and their frustratingly unpredictable patterns of attack.
“We try. We do our best. But what about when our best isn’t enough? What if our best is a massive fuckup, that ruins a whole country, what then?”
And that’s the thing—Steve still hadn’t let go of his hand. Tony looked back down at him. “So,” he said, after a long second. “I’m sorry about that.”
Steve narrowed his eyes. It didn’t take much to put the pieces together. “They’ll think we had a weapon.”
He hugged her back. “I used the Stones. Got stuck. Working on getting—wait, did you think I wasn’t—?”
A pulse of light. Then the power came back on. The garage seemed old and dingy next to the glow of the Cradle.
“I’m not doing some sort of reverse Pygmalion thing, am I?” he mutters, smoothing the chassis into place. “Or if I am, it’s not morally abhorrent, right?”
“Just so.” She settled back on her heels. “You asked if I was happy. Sometimes I am. Sometimes I’m not. Such is the human condition.”
It’s not until later that he realises he didn’t learn her name. Later still, that he realises that he really,
“Lieutenant, I’m afraid Mr. Stark is not feeling particularly friendly towards visitors at this point.”
“Needs must,” Natasha said, with a twist to her mouth. “And Tony doesn’t sleep anymore, now that he’s a suit. You’re the next candidate by proxy, he left enough of himself in you for it.” The eyebrow she raised was
“Not interested,” Tony said. “And tell your king he should leave us alone, we’re just a bunch of misfits with no use to anyone.”
huh?” She crossed her arms and looked out at the lake. “I guess I should keep an eye out for a supernova.”
He shut his eyes tightly for a second, and then turned, taking care to modulate his voice. “Hey, Morgan. What can I do for you?”
“I’ve had it,” Steve said, sounding a little breathless, but that was probably the velocity. “The past few weeks. Didn’t much care for it, though I could tell they meant well. And it’s not dictionaries, it’s history books.”
Steve woke to earnest, young eyes staring at him. He blinked twice, ran through several stages of panic and a few of grief, and said, “Good morning, Morgan.”
—take in the gleaming armour on the floor, the outfit Tony had on, and the utilitarian but still fairly sophisticated interior of the medical bay. Watched as consternation gave way to creeping dread. “How long?” he asked, after a long moment. He sounded hoarse and far off. “Have we won?”
Beginning of a time-travel epistolary thing I never managed to work out the actual time-travel mechanics for.
Tony got into a routine before he joined/was shanghaied into the Avengers: After a mission, he got back to the house, and the armor came off of him in pieces.
Bucky looks right back at him. “You’re taking this awfully badly, for a guy who took Duggan royally fucking us over once or twice with barely a blink.”
“He nearly pulled you in,” the Ancient One said. “I hadn’t considered that a possible danger. My apologies.”
“Right. Thank you, Bowers. Surface as soon as you’re able, and radio your coordinates to me on my personal line. I’ll be there as soon as I can.”
Natasha looks at both of them. “You’re both idiots,” she says flatly. “And now all of Monaco is creeped out.”
A couple more steps, and then Bruce flopped down next to him. “Comfy tree you got here,” he commented.
Tony took a long look at Steve’s hand, and then his face. “Wow. Serious motivators at stake this time around, jeez. Um. Solidification of me, obviously. I’m only solid in here, but not out there. Because I’ve gotta
Bruce made a point of patting him on the shoulder. “I’m glad to have you back. Whatever the circumstances.”
“Good god, man, why’d you even let him up there when he was small?” Tony crows, “There was no way that could have ended in anything
Tony’s hand warmed with Steve’s body heat, slowly until Steve couldn't tell where he ended and Tony began. He didn’t move a way for a long while.
All that was left was the Cradle, glowing and crackling at the seams, the whir of it now a persistent, deep chug, like the sound of snow being compacted beneath tractor treads.
She smiled, a little smug. “I’ll admit that I have a lot of transferable skills applicable to my current position.” She leaned over and kissed him on the forehead. “Take care of yourself. It’s good to see you, and I wish I could do so more often.”
Steve hadn’t appreciated how much control Tony had gained over the Extremis fusion in the intervening weeks since his transfer—his features were more defined, and he’d given himself the bare outline of trousers and a long-sleeved shirt, not dissimilar from the undersuit he’d worn for earlier iterations of Iron Man. He still had a metallic sheen to him, like he was a bronze cast of himself, but he moved with ease and lightness, nothing like the lumbering gait with which he’d gone up and down the stairs in the first few days. When he thought about it, Steve didn’t think he ever had seen Tony in quite this form before—he was making an effort. For Pepper.
Steve absorbed that for a second. Then he said, “I’d be a pretty black kettle if I had anything to say about that.”
For the anon prompt: "Could you possibly do a little fic where The Avengers are fighting. And like before Tony gets to help Steve Steve gets hurt? "
He takes a breath, huffs, and then crosses his arms in preparation for whatever defensive flailing these dumbasses will no doubt default to. He might have gotten off track a bit there at the end, but he’s pretty satisfied his point has been made.
I don’t think they were expecting much trouble from me on this end. Probably best if you find me a secure network off of SHIELD’s system, though.
Clint raises his eyebrows. “JARVIS let me in. Something about an intervention and saving you from yourself.”
Pepper narrowed her eyes. Tony tried to start walking again; she put a finger on his chest. He stopped. She crossed her arms.
Inspired by much discussion about how great Maria Hill is and how much she and Rhodey would get along.
“It seems that my predecessor was far more involved with the Avengers than she ever let on,” Stephen Strange said, after coming through a portal directly into the living room. “And I’m not certain why she agreed to such a procedure, in this case.”
Peggy stared at him, searching his face. “You’re older than I remember,” she said. "But not as old as you should be."
Two days after dancing with Pepper in the upstairs office, Steve was reading up on No Child Left Behind in between bouts of rage-dozing late into the afternoon when he finally succumbed to total sleep amid the sound of Tony and Helen working, murmuring back and forth. When he awoke, the sun was nearly done setting, Rhodes was on the lawn grilling what looked like a small mountain of steaks, and the coffee table Steve had been using as a book repository looked like an engine block had been shattered atop it.
“Obviously, we’ve never had a case like yours before,” Fury had said, looking at him in his usual steady, inscrutable manner. “But both because of your displacement…issue, and your military affiliations, it’s my opinion that you’ll be both safer and more able to acclimate while in a controlled environment, where you won’t have a hundred people tugging you this way and that.”
If he wasn’t careful, Steve was going to get very attached. As it was, he doled out an extra strip for her, much to her wordless, sparkling delight.
He got up and peeled the comic strip from the wall, carefully removing the blu-tack from the wall in the process. He stared at the picture in his hands for a long moment. Then, he put it down.
“What? We still on?” Tony says hopefully. “I suppose the venison’s pretty good too, and Steve’s already said before that he hasn’t had that. Seriously, the man is incredibly deprived.”
He was surprised, then, when on Wednesday, Tony sat back from his work and said abruptly, “We told Morgan.”
He didn’t know how to expend everything whirling inside him. He flicked through the drafts of interfaces, and picked one at random. “Dr. Cho, when you’re done taking readings from Captain America, can I get your take on a couple of designs?”
“Whenever you’re ready, then,” Tony says, stepping back slightly. “Or, uh, whenever you feel like it. No pressure. Just…yeah. It’s there.”
“You went off-grid into the north Atlantic without telling Maria or I,” Romanov said, apparently unperturbed and showing no sign of moving from her seat. “And Coulson wasn’t even lying when he said he didn’t know anything either. Now you’re back, and you have someone who looks a hell of a lot like Captain America in tow. Colour me curious.”
“Sure. Thanks. I’m just going to,” Steve gestured at his sweat-soaked t-shirt, the general dusty state of himself. “I’ll be down in a few minutes.”
Natasha blinked, but her expression didn’t change. “No charge,” she said, after a long moment. “That one’s pretty easy to get. A lot of the stuff’s been un-redacted in the last decade or so. Though if you want a current address, you’ll have to jump through some hoops.”
“The Mind Stone, I expect,” the Ancient One replied. “His active energy does appear to be concentrated there. If I were to take a guess, I would say he awoke there first.”
“Jesus, Barton, how’d you get in here?” Tony says, jumping away from the table and putting down the soldering iron with a clatter. He has to snatch it up again to turn the heat down a second later, and then he ends up perched, looking adrift, amid the sea of machinery.
“Pepper needs a dance partner to finish out this song, and I want to read this,” Tony said, and then his chin abruptly tipped down, as if he’d surprised himself. Maybe he had; Steve was plenty surprised.
Steve grinned into his pillow, which smelled of Pepper’s shampoo and Tony’s aftershave. “Don’t mind if I do.”
“Odd,” Steve decided, after a second. He didn’t exactly have other words for it. What had been a tickle in his brain was now a dull, not entirely comfortable pressure, warm and pulsing in time with his heartbeat. His lungs felt strange too, like they were just slightly misshapen, not taking in nearly enough air. He took a deep breath. No change in lung capacity then, just...the illusion of it.
It was soft on the inside, lined with whatever Tony had fabricated to keep it comfortable and flexible despite the hard outer shell. The arc reactor in the palm flickered with residual energy, but it had been doing that, on and off, since they’d taken the suit off of Tony after the battle. Something about it made his palm itch. But other than that, nothing seemed to happen. He flexed his hand a couple times to no special result, and shrugged. One never knew.
He accepted a mug from Bruce and sat at the kitchen table like he’d never left it since the morning. Bruce slid in opposite him.
Tony gunned it. “Motherfucking crazy person, who does he think he is, we just pulled him from the ice and now he’s going to flatten himself,
She gave him a dissecting look. “It’s been a pleasure to have you,” she said, with deliberate weight. “Really and truly. I didn’t expect that. You’re welcome any time, Captain. And like I said, I expect to keep in touch.”
He practically shrunk under her hand. “It’s okay. I’ll go for a run, that usually fixes most things.”
Hi Tony. Thanks for the ebooks, they’re very interesting. Also, I wanted to tell you—I read your file. I’m sorry.
Tony flinched; he couldn’t help it. “Buddy, you have no idea,” he said. “But in this case, I guess I’m sorry for just blurting everything out. Probably should be breaking everything to you gently or something. There’s probably regulations for this sort of thing. Then again, maybe not. I’m pretty sure there hasn’t been any other cases of resuscitation from cryogenic freezing out there, so. Yeah. Sorry about that.”
Tony hung up the phone, and stuffed it in his pocket. “Pepper, I’m gonna have to cancel on the next meeting.”
"You know me," Steve murmured, a little helplessly. "Can't help myself. I’m...I’m sorry if it’s hurt you. Or Pepper or Morgan. That wasn’t my intention, but. I know that doesn’t really matter, in the end." There. He’d said it.
"It’s stuck on the dark world or whatever though, right?” Darcy says, after a second. “Thor said it was taken care of.”
She looked around at the foreign emptiness, the nothing that Tony had grown accustomed to over the past few weeks. "I hope you're right," she said. Her eyes seemed to track and catch on things Tony couldn’t see.
When he didn’t, when there were bad days, he wondered a bit what it would be like to do something selfish, that he wasn’t sure was right for everyone, but might be right for
He put the Tesseract back into its case, and braced himself for the shockwave. Instead, what came was cool breath, pressing into his skin, curling around his spine and filling the marrow of his bones.
She led him up to a study that Steve hadn’t been in before; it was closer to a nook than an office, under a dormer that let in a flood of light. The desk in the window was piled with papers that were organized just enough that it was very clear that this was Pepper’s space, not Tony’s.
“Tony!” Pepper scolded. “What the hell were you thinking? You should tell people who are going to be around you about these things!”
One that would be very awkward if she stayed in her current position. She frowned. ‘That’s my dad.’ Morgan mouthed before running up the stairs. She didn’t stop until she got to her room. That was that.
Tony dried himself off and stood up fully clothed. He stretched out his legs and gave his friends in the water a smile.
“Well, how do I explain this. Okay. So the government gave some German scientists a deal after World War 2 and Zola was one. He and a few other Hydra agents expanded and well they have a hold on SHIELD.” She replied. “But that’s not to say
“Love? Steve you guys aren’t even dating, how could you love him?” Bucky asked, trying to keep his tone causal.
Tony’s face lit up when he saw a coffee pot, he would do something nice for these people. They didn't even know him, and they pretty much accepted him without much background. Of course, there was the looming threat of arresting their friend hanging over them all, but he hoped this would be more of a peace offering. It wasn’t much, but it was all he could do without feeling too intrusive. He could make the world's best coffee, and it had nothing to do with the fact that it was all he ever made. Nope it did not. Not. At. All.
“Hey, come on we’ve gotta go.” She said. He was confused. She was suppose to have a class today. Why was she here.
“Follow me.” Tony did. They walked through the streets of New York. Tony walked behind Steve, which Steve thought was strange, but didn’t question. Tony was willing to not press charges on counts breaking and entering, just to see some fireworks. Who was he to question anything. But something about Tony struck him as odd... Everytime a car honked, Tony flinched; he kept his head down, and seemed to have trouble keeping up with Steve. He had to slow down his pace multiple times before they reached his gallery. When Steve stopped, Tony almost walked straight into him, and muttered an apology. Tony was officially the strangest person Steve had ever met. Steve was completely at his mercy, and here Tony was apologizing for
“You are exploring the stars!” She exclaimed with interest and pride. Her mother use to say that when she asked where Auntie Tasha and Daddy were. She knew wherever they were they weren’t coming back, but she always wanted to know where they had disappeared off to. Exploring the stars, she would say.
“Yeah.” Steve replied. Tony giggled it was like music to Steve’s ears. So soft and beautiful. Steve kissed him again. Softer this time, gentle, as if he was afraid to break Tony. Such a contrast to what had just happened. Heat was gone but an amazing warmth came with this kiss. Passionate and slow, traditional.
“I see what you mean Tony.” He said. “But, I worked too hard to give it all to you.” He sighed. Tony cocked his head.
“I don’t know, I had been working on prototype after prototype, so I kinda lost track of time.” Tony said.
Morgan did eat her waffles, that was one of the few differences between her and her dad. She knew how to eat while she worked. (Unless she wasn't hungry when she started and was deep into whatever she was doing) She knew her father loved to fix up old cars, god knows he could afford it. So fixing the car part of the van would be in her blood. She used his old tools and tried her best to be careful but accidentally had a runaway power drill try to dig into her hand. Poor power drill hand to be thrown out. T’Challa (Shuri actually) had given her a vibranium hand for her ninth birthday as long as they promised to never give it away. For her tenth birthday Pepper had the first arc reactor along with the words “Proof That Tony Stark Has A Heart” carved into it in italian. (Which she was fluent in thank you very much.) She had used the cloaking device thing that S.H.I.E.L.D had and mixed it with her own stuff and was able to make it look normal. She only did that when she was at school though. She learned fast enough that if she didn't at least keep it covered or else the other kids got distracted by it. No almost no one, at her school, knows, or remembers, that her left hand isn't real. She turned off the nerves in that hand a while ago after she realized that her hand was over sensitive. Now she basically used her hand as shield when she worked. The van was fixing up nicely but it was rusted here and there and the paint was faded. They always did say she was her father's daughter. Morgan decided she would paint it before she finished the last wire that would turn the damn thing on. Luckily, since it was Tony Stark's workshop, she able to find paint cans.
They’re covered in blood and sweat and dust, and the owner of the restaurant had just given them a level look, and said, “Please mind the chairs, they have managed to get through today unscathed so far.”
“I was just gonna throw the book at Fury, I have like eighteen lawyers on call, you didn’t have to—“
He opened his hands, a little helplessly. “The choice should be enough, don’t you think? We made our choices, and we’re not taking them back. But we’ve still got shit to do, don’t we?”
“Ah,” Tony says, looking at the television, which is still looping slow motion footage of Bucky wrapping his cybernetic arm around the shoulders of Iron Man and pulling him in for an extended kiss. “Uh. Oops?”
“Natasha, now is really not the time,” a man in the doorway said, his mouth pursed slightly. “I’m sure he doesn’t actually look that much like—” then his eyes fell on Steve and he stopped abruptly.
It visibly impacted, and for a split second, the shimmer resolved into something solid—man-shaped, bare-chested, and dressed in red and black trousers, with two longswords strapped to its back. It startled and made a profane sound, and whipped around in Steve’s direction. Then it was a shimmer again.
“That’s...not exactly the kind of residual energy you’re drawing on,” Natasha said slowly. "You didn't know?"
“No, not you, Strange. God, he really is an idiot. Couldn’t just let me drift into the ether like a normal superhero, had to be the last goddamn guy to lay down on the wire—”
“Well. Forget about me; we’ll need to get Morgan somewhere safe,” Tony said, ignoring everything else. Everything else was awful and he didn’t want to think about it. “Hell, if we want to keep this house, we should probably move out of it for a while, or with our record it’ll get destroyed in the crossfire.”
She took a deep breath in. Stroked his knuckles with her thumbs. Her hands were slightly cold from her glass. “I wish,” she said slowly, “That you’d shared this with us sooner. This, or something similar.”
“Take up the shield again, you mean,” Steve said. “I don’t know if this is the time or place for that.”
“I couldn’t,” he repeated. Hmm. That was an interesting file. He should look at it. His arm didn’t seem to be working, though. “Tony, do you mind?”
Tony almost didn’t recognise the phone number when he first saw it on screen; his hand was hovering over the ‘Ignore’ option when he placed it, and then he had to clear his throat several times before saying to JARVIS, “Put it through.”
“You did, then. Good. Our original problem persists: Stark has no place to go that could house him outside of the Stones. Should I simply push him out now, he would eventually dissipate. A peaceful end, and not an unkind one.”
“Paperwork’s airtight, apparently,” Fury said dryly. “Also, it isn’t as if Stark doesn’t have any interest in the good captain.”
Street, steering one-handed, the other arm occupied with crushing Steve to him as closely as he could manage. Steve, for his part, seemed to have a pretty good grip on his shoulders, but Tony wasn’t about to trust him, supersoldier or no. “You need therapy,” he announced. “And this is coming from a guy who’s needed it since his teenage years. Also, goddamn you are heavy, what are you carrying with you, dictionaries?”
“I imagine he means me,” the Ancient One said. Steve jerked his head back to look up at her. She looked back at him with preternatural calm.
“Then that’s all that matters,” she said with a half-smile, “Isn’t it?” Then she sobered. “Stay close. We’ll try to tie up all of the loose threads, but someone might still get through. I’ll try and give you warning if we see anything.”
. Tony, who was definitely not wearing anything close to tweed, instead a wrinkled too-tight band shirt and expensive darkwash jeans. Everyone in the department had warned Steve about Dr. Stark, the brilliant theorist whose books were flying off the shelves even in this crap economy, and Steve was intensely glad that they had, but it hadn’t actually done anything to prepare him for
“Two,” Sam continues, “You talk. Maybe you work something out, maybe you don’t. But at least you’ll know why Stark’s doing what he’s doing. You might not agree with it, but better to know than not.”
Bucky’s face seemed to go through the same process Tony’s just had, his chin jutting out. “What’s it to you, Stark?”
to, either. “Leave nothing but a smear on the asphalt. I know we’re supposed to salvage something, so we can study it later, but I. No. If someone else sees it ever again, it’ll be too soon.”
Steve pushed him away. “I don’t think just that will hurt,” he said, attempting to push a smile into the corners of his mouth. It only half worked, but he got an answering smile in return anyway.
Pepper held back a sharp intake of breath and immediately looked at Jim, who’d stopped halfway through plating the eggs. He flicked a glance back at her and gave her the most speaking of looks.
“Laws of the universe can be bent and sometimes broken,” he said, after thinking for a moment. “But I’ve never known the law of conservation not to hold. Even when they’re dust, people don’t go. They just transform.”
“He was a surgeon before that, Tony!” She shook her head. “Strange said it’ll be fine, and to remember what he said before. Whatever that means.”
Steve drifted off almost instantly. When he started to list to one side, Tony caught his head and shoulders and eased him down onto a pillow, and after that Steve did the rest of the work of tucking his legs up onto the couch. He looked not quite peaceful, but younger than he had in awhile. Tony sighed.
. But honestly, JARVIS is probably the most impressive thing you’ll come across in these digs. Ooh, that reminds me, JARVIS, after this we’re going down to the workshop, I need to get Steve his tablet and phone.”
Steve walked to his room and shut himself inside, locking it behind him. He was sure any self-respecting SHIELD agent probably could gain access, but it was an important habit to maintain, in any case. He folded himself onto the bed, and stared at the sketches he’d plastered across the opposite wall.
“Feelings take longer to change than logic does,” Bucky said now, with a shrug. “Though I guess it’s been longer for you than it has been for me.”
The next email was just an IP address. Steve saved it, and went on with his life. Or at least, what was counting for it, nowadays.
why you now have my private cell number. Use it wisely. Or not at all. But yeah, wisely would be better.”
At the far right of the wall, there was a quick four-panel comic of Tony talking and chewing Thai food, his hand extended, describing panel by panel the rise of Mark I, and its almost immediate fall. The last panel has his hand flat on the table, his face downturned, his opposite hand slack around his chopsticks. Steve had taken extra care with that section, the sweep of his lashes, the hard purse of his lips forming an inward, mocking half-smile.
“Very good. Well, I imagine you’ve been hanging around here long enough, and wouldn’t mind having a look around the city?”
“That’s JARVIS. Artificial intelligence, a brain made of computer bits that lives in the house,” Tony explained. “Say hi, JARVIS.”
“Now that the compound’s a mess, I think I’ll probably have a better source of equipment here,” he commented. “Would you mind, Mrs. Potts?”
Pepper stares at him. “No,” she says eventually. “Take a nap. Also, sign the papers in your inbox. I’ll be…I’ll be at the office.”
“Yeah, yeah, and back in my day I could’a bought a pack of gum,” Steve drawled. “So who’s the real loser here?”
. Same hair, same gun. She had her fingerless gloves on. But she—it was like she was half made of gold thread, or something.”
“I like undercharging. It makes for nicer people, and obviously I get my money elsewhere. Now go.” Tony shoos him back across the hall.
Tony sighed, his shoulders dropping. Pepper had become accustomed to how he emoted in the suit, but it remained disconcerting to see this half-suit, half-body construction act like him when she knew there was nothing inside. He came back and levered Steve’s body back up into his arms, and then turned to her.
“As well as anyone would, I suppose,” Tony answered, and accepted his drink with a nod. He took a sip and appreciated the warm burn. “Been keeping himself to himself. How does a guy deal with going to his death and then just, waking up in the future?”
When Tony showed up in the cafeteria, he was carrying the suit in briefcase-form, and was wearing a black t-shirt and rumpled jeans stuffed into what looked like stolen SHIELD-issue combat boots.
“He’s right, you know,” Pepper says, striding through the room. “You only like the interactive glass because you used to work on it in Malibu, where the only thing you could see through the glass was clear ocean and a bright sky. It doesn’t work in New York, Tony, get over it.”
Tony scoffed at the room at large. The thing was, he had been ready to move on. Steve seemed to be, well,
Steve could place why he found it familiar, too: it had been the press against the inside of his ribs, the curl of cool air up his spine, the silent support that had helped him breathe and say goodbye to Peggy without breaking down.
She looked at him carefully. “I get that. Though you know Stark lives in a bit of a bubble too, right?”
He tried to sit up; she stopped him. “All of you needs to rest, including how you are in here,” she insisted. “Tony did a number on you. Comes with the territory of holding a soul that isn’t your own, but Tony’s especially is…”
“I told him not to, and still went right over me. Never fucking listens.” Steve frowned. “That’s not fair.”
Bucky and Sam cleared. Bruce darted forward. “Pulse is thready,” he commented, two fingers pressed under Steve’s jaw.
And Tony just looked at him while his whole chest felt like it was caving in and said, “No. Sorry to disappoint, Cap.”
Tony levered himself to his feet with a whisper of metal plating. “That’s my cue.” He unnecessarily circled the coffee table on his way towards the kitchen, brushing cool fingers over Steve’s shoulder as he went, just across the collar of his t-shirt, just enough for his index finger to touch the skin of Steve’s neck. Steve inhaled, blinked slowly, and listened to his footsteps retreat.
Natasha smiles grimly. “He doesn’t exactly need all of us on the small stuff, does he? But this looks…”
“You’ve got no damn idea. Captain Rogers, I’m willing to give you more slack if you need it—hell, you want an allowance, we can talk about that—but I think you need to appreciate the position both you and I are in. You know people’ve kept looking for the serum, right?”
When Tony closes his eyes and leans into him, Steve just wraps his other arm around the small of his back, and lets him stay that way.
She studied him, her head cocked as she twisted back and forth on her feet. She had a stuffed blob of something wrapped in her arms; Steve was pretty sure it was one of those plush microbes or diseases or something equally science-y.
“Hm. What’d you do in a past life to deserve him?” she asks, and there’s the smallest sparkle in her expression, like she knows how he’ll respond.
“What’s the problem, here?” Tony says, spreading his arms wide. “I’ve improved Natasha’s widow’s bite by 500%, Bruce’s nanotech expanding trousers are going into production in twelve hours, and I’m pretty sure I can make antimatter artillery for your quiver, if I can just–”
“Off the record,” Bowers said, “I’d say keep him close, then. Men like him, if he’s anything like the stories tell, shouldn’t just disappear.”
Tony tilts his head to see the source, and identifies a tall guy in a tragic amount of flannel beneath a dusty leather jacket with hard green eyes. Behind him is a second guy even taller than the first, on par with Thor, which is just damned unfair, if you ask Tony. He’s got his hands shoved in his pockets, and unlike the first guy, seems appropriately starstruck at seeing Tony Stark land a plane in the middle of nowhere.
“See, that’s where you and I differ. What’s one more violation of privacy between friends?” She stepped back. “You should get back. Solve your problem. I don’t want to see you again until you have your own ride.”
He startled, and turned to find Pepper leaning in the doorway, holding a glass of something amber on ice.
“I will admit that a certain part of me is waiting for the other shoe to drop, yes,” Stephen agreed.
Physically, he knew he wasn’t—digging his fingertips beneath the layers of cotton and wool he’d borrowed from the crew revealed radiant warmth, his metabolism working overtime as always, but that didn’t stop him from shivering. It probably wasn’t helping that he stayed out on deck, but going down below…it was a little too closed, a little too small. And the sea looked the same as it always did.
“I hope for the sake of our eyes that you’ll be moving this outdoors, then,” Pepper said, walking in from the porch with a glass of wine. She raised her glass and inquiring eyebrows to Steve, who nodded acceptance—Pepper’s taste in wine was impeccable.
The base code of JARVIS was stupidly easy to remember, he could almost feel the awful plastic keyboard back at MIT clacking beneath his fingers, setting the foundations. Concentrating on the build helped. Instead of refracting across endless mirrors, opacity and solidity started slowly to return.
“What about after that?” Steve asks, after a long moment in which he has to digest that particular soup of revelations. Because he hadn’t known that, not at all.
“‘Or something’,” Tony said, bumping his shoulder against Steve’s as he passed him and stepped onto the disengage unit. The armor came off in pieces as he walked. He wrinkled his nose at the Ferragamo suit, now thoroughly crumpled, that he was left in. “Ugh, my dry cleaners are gonna hate this. You couldn’t have called when I was out of the office?” He went over to the elevator and stepped inside. Then he looked over at Steve, who had a slightly shellshocked look about him. “Chop chop, Rogers, get your head in the game.”
Bucky looks at Tony, drinks in the patent leather shoes, sharkskin suit, and patterned shirt that should look ridiculous but mostly looks edible, and decides to go for broke.
“What the fuck,” Tony said, but they were swept away, leaving the words behind in the typhoon of sound, sight, signal.
“It definitely worked,” Steve assured, looking back up at the Ancient One. He took another sip of whisky. It was shockingly delicious. There were layers to the flavor he’d never noticed before—not just the standard burn and woodsy sweetness, but delicate layers of mineral and peat, overlaid with smoke and bitter earth.
“Shame. I hear he’s pretty excellent in bed, which is surprising, considering all the money. But Pepper’s only given glowing reviews, and that was
“Must be about a month, I guess,” she replied, almost apologetically, “give or take.” She lifted one shoulder. “Feels like longer.”
“We’re as safe as we can be,” Natasha interrupts, and Clint nearly sags in relief. She comes up to stand behind him, and rests an elbow on his shoulder. “You don’t need to buy us, Stark.”
Tony hadn’t needed to go off on his own at SHIELD when he’d gone back there for debrief—he could have easily gone straight in and out and never seen Steve at all. But that morning he’d gotten Steve’s insomnia-drunk email, followed soon after by an emergency alarm, and yeah, he was absolutely going to wander around SHIELD until he got a chance to look in on their wayward super soldier.
“It’s nice to meet you, Steve,” Tony says. “Now go. I’ll fix everything, you’ll have the most swag apartment in Brooklyn when I’m done.”
“Sugarplum, you’re late to the party!” Tony sounds raspy and out of breath behind the faceplate, and yet he still manages to be an embarrassment.
“That’s a given. Fury wants you contained, and he’ll keep you that way as long as you don’t do anything drastic.”
He didn’t really want to stick his nose in Rogers’s business. He shouldn’t, Fury was right, he wasn’t a people person, and if Steve was doing better, then he could be free of the whole thing.
“I am not missing that,” Clint agrees, falling into step with her. He calls over his shoulder, “Any time you wanna join us, Stark, just come on up.”
Green Eyes narrows his gaze, and then pokes a finger towards the tall one. “Stark, as in that phone that you’re jizzing yourself over, Sammy?”
Steve shrugged. “Not much. I have a schedule I keep to. I’ve been reading a lot, trying to catch up. It’s interesting.”
“It’s different from what I would have expected,” Tony said. “Before, that is. Now, I’m not really surprised.”
“Except, see, they aren’t supersoldiers. They haven’t got special powers, they’re not gods or heroes, they’re just
Steve slept like he was drowning, heavy and always sinking down further into the dark. He thought at varying points that he was maybe coming close to waking—he was aware of a sunrise at one point, and almost opened eyes to see it—but then something in his bones would pull him back down into black.
“Yeah. I think so. Either that, or they’ve got something else planned for him. Else, why the hell get out here so fast?”
“Natasha happened,” Steve said, righting himself. He tingled all over, with adrenaline, with happiness, everything. “We’re okay.” He sat heavily on the lawn. Shucked the gauntlet off and stared at its broken profile for a long moment. Tony followed him down at a steadier pace.
Steve nodded. He’d seen the notes on Tony’s drinking history. Still, Tony was here, and he had been willing to talk, had probably sought Steve out to share this with him. He was farther along than Steve was, and that was encouraging. Even now, Steve felt better for having said something, even if the saying had been painful.
“Yes, though don’t immediately help him up. He’s intubated, to stabilize airflow before he’s fully awake.”
“Of all the things that Tony Stark is,” Natasha said, smiling slightly, “Normal is not one of them.”
“No, it won’t be me for the test. We’re just gonna practice with some lasers first. Should be a fun light show.”
Cap was staring at him. And then his wrist shifted under Tony’s hand, and he was gripping Tony’s wrist right back. “No, I—that can’t…”
“You’re both adorable,” Tony says, “It’s ridiculous. Also, I require fried things. Where can we get them?”
Steve was finishing up his run; he rounded the far eastern edge of the lake, where the woods were sparse and you could see the road curving round before it reached the dirt driveway leading to house. It was still early, maybe 9:30 at the latest—the household wasn’t heavily populated by morning people, and Steve had felt his own internal clock slide in response with all the quiet.
Tony knows better than to ask. “Fair enough.” He claps Thor on the shoulder. “Right, have you only had one kind of pie so far?”
) as it could have been. Still, he hadn’t meant to send it. Or perhaps a small part of him had wanted to, but was too ashamed.
Tony wasn’t sure how to describe it. “It requires a lot of focus,” he said eventually. Not much more than it had taken for him to function normally on a daily basis, but enough that it was noticeable. “And yes, there are limitations.”
Steve raised his eyebrow. “Because people want to know that about ‘Steve Ryerson’?” It was the alias Steve had been given at SHIELD, at least for the staff who weren’t in-the-know. Steve didn’t think it suited him at all, but he hadn’t said anything about it.
“Stop that, you’re gonna give yourself whiplash,” he murmurs, which, what? Steve doesn’t understand.
It took an hour, in which Steve could feel a stinging numbness begin to take hold at the tips of his fingers. But then the door was squeaking open, the light flicking on, and he had to move very quickly to avoid getting clocked in the face with a paperweight.
“And are you sticking around, Captain?” the man named Coulson asked. His eyes were a little wide, and he was leaning forward in his chair; next to him, Natasha had a hand delicately over her mouth, her eyes glinting with amusement.
Steve had gone into the ice expecting never to see the people he cared about again. This wasn't a welcome alternative.
“Tony’s mad as hell about it,” Steve said. He wavered on his feet, and then steadied again. God, he was tired. “Keeps telling me I should’ve let him go.” He saved a new set of algorithms with a hand-wave. “He sounds like you, Buck. Worrywart. But I couldn’t.” He pulled up a file that he was only half-sure he could decipher. The symbols and shorthand were all mixed into one another, but the logic...huh. He could follow the logic, and maybe fill in the blanks from there.
Tony was silent. Clint nodded. “That’s what I thought. So. Thanks.” He jerked a finger at the truck in the driveway. “I’m gonna go. Laura and the kids’ll wanna know, and I don’t want to explain it over the phone.”
Tony had raised an eyebrow. “Dad never did anything with the company that wasn’t at least somewhat profitable.”
“Chop chop. That shit’s a temptation we don’t want around here any longer than we have to.” Clint could feel Bruce peering at him, so he finally opened his eyes and looked back, then jerked his head in the direction of the house.
“Relax,” Pepper said, pushing at his shoulder a little, enough to steer them into a slow rotation on the carpet. “You barely even have to move your feet, and I’m leading so you’re not about to step on mine.” She smiled. “Eyes on me. Don’t look down.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’ll at least like the inside, I guess. Though to be clear, it’s not finished yet—scheduled to start running on arc reactor power in a few weeks. Totally green, sustainable, efficient. You should like that, you’re a child of the Depression, after all.”
fuckers probably kept it for themselves. lemme see if I can hack your PC a bit more to give you some cloud storage and reading materials
Pepper thought nonsensically. Less like armor, more like a wirework model of a person, or primitive graphics come to life. It encased Steve fully, and then seemed to tighten around him, like it was learning his contours, polygons giving way to smooth curves.
“Which hopefully won’t be for a while yet,” Tony commented. “Because I’m really into just enjoying this steak right now, right this minute, and not thinking about what’s just sitting dormant in my cells, ready for some sort of dramatic awakening.”
“Not sure.  I’ll probably get called back for the Hulk to deal with something at some point, but it’s still chaos out there, even with everyone back.
“Yeah. God, you really are a little unreal out of uniform, I gotta say. I could think of you as just the symbol until you started going halvsies and losing the jacket when it suited you,  and then Nat got you onto the UnderArmor thing, and that was—that was just
And if, late at night, he occasionally wrote Tony long rambling emails about the distance he could feel between himself and this world, about the people he missed, and the lies he’d told that day just to get through without friction, that was his business.
And then, very quietly from the far side of the room, Coulson says, “Called it,” and holds out a hand.
Steve looks around, at Bruce’s bemusement and Natasha and Clint’s unperturbed expressions. “This is…okay?” he asks eventually.
“We had a movie marathon,” Tony says from somewhere under his fifth custom Ferrari. According to Pepper’s immaculate Excel chart, he’s been collecting them almost solely for the purpose of redesigning all of their engines in the German style just to make the Italians cry.
Tony led the way through still-unfinished lobby—fresh paint and plastic-covered surfaces abounded, he really needed to check with Pepper how things were progressing—and then into the elevator. A somewhat uncomfortable silence descended when the doors slid shut. He tried not to fidget.
The back door to the house slammed open. At the sound, Steve roused himself, but he couldn’t seem to find the earth under his feet. “Hey, Pep. Wow. It’s really, really good to see you.”
“If we’re being absolutely, completely accurate and fair,” Pepper said, clipped, “then you already aren’t my husband. Your death certificate says so.”
“We’ll keep it quiet,” Tony said. “I’ll keep working on the port system, Helen will keep working on the Cradle adjustments. But we’ll...I’ll try not to rush it.”
Tony's steps were whisper soft on the carpet. His feet entered Steve's peripheral line of vision, and Steve studied the ridged lines that articulated his arches, the flat flex of where his toes should be.
“Couple of days,” Bucky answered. “You’re lucky you woke up when you did; Banner was ready to start you on an IV.”
“Then am I—” He stopped. There was only one explanation, other than heaven or hell, which definitely wasn’t this. “I’m
“Asked her to,” Steve murmured. His hands were moving very fast, and he didn’t know what they were doing, only that it looked kind of graceful, and not at all like him.
“To move on?” He stepped forward. He was surprisingly light-footed, the articulation of the nanoparticles apparently even more subdivided in this iteration. “I mean, of course. That’s what you’re supposed to do. Obviously, there is a terrible monster inside of me that wants you to miss me forever, because that’s what I’d do if you were gone, but I didn’t actually want that. Still don’t.”
“I was held up,” Thor interjects, “By my introduction to a most extraordinary foodstuff by these two warriors. Come, Man of Iron, you must try some!”
“We have a date tonight,” Pepper reminds Tony, cutting in, “And you’re clearly not planning on taking a nap today. Do I need to reschedule? Because if you fall asleep in the middle of the antipasto–”
“That’s definitely what your face is saying,” Steve said dryly, relaxing a bit. “Hurt and offense, not excitement at getting to show off all your cool stuff.”
Steve gathered a small bag—inconspicuous, topped off with one of several history textbooks issued to him by SHIELD. Underneath that, a change of clothes, and a shaving kit. He slung that and his jacket over one shoulder. He typed into his phone as he walked.
He goes down to the lab and punches in his personal code first–best that he progress through the various levels of security to assess precisely where Tony’s at on the pain and suffering scale.
Bucky, Sam, Clint and Wanda all came to see him off. Pepper invited them all in for lunch beforehand, and Steve ended up sitting next to her for the meal. “You feeling ready?” she said, between bites of fresh pasta.
Steve didn’t wake at all; he just pushed his cheek a little deeper into the pillow, and exhaled in a gust. He looked not unlike how he had directly after the final battle with Thanos—hollowed out, relieved.
“Coulson,” Natasha finishes. They all look at her. “We were his team. They need Coulson to do the debrief.”
“It’s really easy to lose track of what you’re concentrating on,” Steve says gently. “Particularly when you’re doing all your work on a clear window?”
“Yup,” Natasha said. “Just enough space to say how great your day has been and/or list your top five sandwiches.”
“I rarely am,” he replied. “But think of it this way—transform something small, and it remains small. Transform something vast, something with boundless energy and vision, something...larger than life, perhaps?”
Tony closed his hand around Steve’s gauntleted wrist. It burned again, but this time Steve could feel something else underneath the closed circuit, something like intent, something like
“You’re right. That’s how terrible this all is, really,” Tony replies. “Are you aware that I just kissed you?”
“You don’t know what you’re asking.” Helen Cho’s image stood in the living room, managing to radiate exasperation and worry even from several states away. “This is basically Ultron again.”
On instinct, Tony stepped forward again, putting himself between Rogers and Fury. “He just woke up a second ago. Cut me some slack.”
“Please avail yourself,” Pepper said, shrugging and gesturing to the basement. “He programmed your access years ago.”
Tony shifted. Bucky could see his eyes, their liquid focus finding him. “You sweet on me, Barnes?” he said, clearly aiming for a drawl, but the huskiness of illness and quiet made it a low, tentative rasp.
When he couldn’t sleep, he usually sat out on the porch until it got too cold to stay. He found Pepper out there more nights than not. Sometimes her eyes were red. The first time it was like that, he moved to go and she’d said, too sharply, “No. Stay,” and from then on, he just sat with her and stayed quiet. He hoped it helped.
It was like punching a lightning rod. There was no rebound, just magnets sucking themselves together, closing the circuit, and then Steve wasn’t inside himself any longer.
“Me too,” Steve said, surprising himself. “That would’ve been nice, I think. But they’re okay without me. Bucky’s doing...I don’t know, he’s been so different since Wakanda, he’s so...”
With some effort, she returned it, and it felt as familiar and as painful as the past three weeks. If she'd held any doubts about whether it was Tony or not in there, they were gone now with that old feeling, like she'd just kissed his helmet and thrown it out of the plane ahead of him all over again. “Go on, then.”
“Welcome to your floor,” Tony said. “It’s got all the amenities, but beyond that, you’re gonna have to work it out on your own. I was going to try and order some stuff in to get you started, but you didn’t give me much warning that you were coming. That said though, there’s a black AmEx with your name on it, for whenever you feel like you’ve decided what you want.”
For prompt: "Steve being kind of worried about people's reactions to stevetonybucky, but when he makes the announcement (or when they all find out) no one cares at all. (Tony may be a little offended that no one even raises an eyebrow.)"
Steve attempts not to flush. It’s a losing battle. He had really not counted on the Faculty of English Studies to contain people like
Didn’t talk about it. Instead, he started helping out around the house, in addition to Pepper’s assignment for him—playing with Morgan, tidying up, continuing to make breakfast and help with salad at dinner.
But that was all right. Steve made the very deliberate decision not to avoid either Tony or Pepper, and he stuck to it. Despite his complete inability to walk away from a fight, he’d been very good, over the years, at running away from non-fights. But this was too important to run from, he was pretty sure. It felt fragile and infinitely precious. And if he messed it up now, he’d never get another chance. They’d be kind, but they’d close ranks, and they’d be right to. So he needed to not run away.
Deep in the guts of Mark XIV, he heard his private cell phone ring. He ducked out of the armor and squinted. “Time, JARVIS?”
“Romanoff,” Bucky murmurs, and Steve winces. The last time she talked to him, she’d made her position very clear.
“What the hell, Steve?” he muttered as he staggered under the weight. It was like steadying a wet sandbag. “What did you do?”
He huffed out a breath, and looked back. “Natasha, it was lovely to see you again, your level of terrifying is only increasing, and I respect that.”
“So where does that leave us?” he asks, after a moment. He sounds startlingly vulnerable all of a sudden, and Steve suddenly thinks of Rhodes, who risked his military commission every time he made it up to the Avengers facility, and Pepper, who had seemed surprised and wary when Steve showed up at the office this morning, but let him up anyway. He looks at Tony, who had walked away because he was “done”, even when he clearly wasn’t, not in spirit or intention.
They very well might be poisonous. They’re the colour of chestnuts, mottled fine, like feathers. The tendons in his fingers are near black beneath his hand guards.
“Both?” Steve suggested, as he settled. The shadows under his eyes had eased slightly, but he still looked a little consumptive, like he’d been through some sort of terrible fever that had only just broken. “Had a weird start, and then between Buck going to Wakanda and then both of them losing five years in the Snap, they kinda missed each other for a while, and then came back together with a lot more in common than before. Seems like they’re playing catch-up now.”
“Steve? Steve, fuck! Where'dyou, what the fuck were you thinking, you were alone, why didn’t you get me over here, fuck, shit, motherfucker–”
Natasha walks forward and kisses his cheek. “Relax, Tony,” she says, “You’re team now. Come on, Barton, we’re doing spaghetti westerns tonight with Thor.”
Morgan was starting to make noises about starting school, and so Pepper got wrapped up in figuring out the logistics of that while Tony (anonymously) filled in for her SI duties and Rhodes got back in touch with his chain of command, leaving Steve mostly to his own devices again, picking up around the house, and making more breakfasts. Steve didn’t begrudge them the time; he took it upon himself to read up more on the initiative Pepper had set him onto, and on the topic he’d chosen. He had vague memories of civics classes from his teenage years, but he’d been out of school a lot due to illness, so his body of knowledge was probably both spotty and, since then, heavily skewed by the politics he’d become embroiled in while playing Captain America. He took a tablet with him out on the porch most afternoons and tried to plow through what he’d missed, the ins and outs of history that had somehow led to it being dropped from the syllabus entirely.
Steve had folded his hands in his lap, and regarded him. “Okay,” he’d said after a second. “I agree.”
He tried to return the expression, and it was like being trapped in the door jamb all over again, unable to get away and not wanting to, either.
She must have made some sort of sound, because Tony turned back to her, and shifted from foot to foot. “So,” he started, and then clearly didn’t know where to go from there.
Steve was given a laptop. He was pretty sure it was bugged to hell and at least, as Natasha had put it, “childproofed”.
“Language, Tony,” Steve wheezes, his right arm apparently functional enough to grasp the shoulder of the armour and hold on.
From behind his desk, Tony tilts his head up to regard him. “Long time no see, Cap. What can I do for you?”
When he’d exhausted everything he could find or put together from the comfort of the porch, he went in search of Pepper.
Then: the herald at a throne made of gold, kneeling. The king, robed and crowned, imperious, with instructions.
“That’s definitely all Rogers,” Steve said, and then blinked, unbalanced. He could feel Tony shrinking back inside him. The transfer out of the Reality Stone had tasted like blood, and now he could feel it coating the back of his throat. He swallowed convulsively.
They set up the Cradle in the garage, moving aside time-machine parts, and all of the various half-finished projects Tony had left behind before Thanos. So much had been put on hold, Steve thought, not for the first time. Tony had given up so much, just to see the world through its darkest time.
Steve felt his head turn as if from far away. “Sorry, Pep,” Tony said, the syllables clumsy in a mouth that didn’t belong to him, “If I’d known this was how things were going to shake out, I definitely would have given you a heads up, if only for the paperwork. Bringing people back from the dead is a logistical nightmare, believe me, I’d know. But like I said, it’s really good to see you.” He blinked hard. “He’s losing ground, we need to move fast.” He pulled up another file. “Ah, here we go. I just need to adjust some last parameters so I don’t blow us both to kingdom come. Give me five minutes.”
“You’ve actually got great timing, in a way,” Tony said, looking slightly uncomfortable. “I was going to turn the reactor power on tonight—hook it up to the grid. Provide the surrounding three blocks with free power. It’s gonna be a nice little light show; Pepper will come by too, so you can meet her, she’ll get a thrill out of that.”
Before Steve could find something to say to that, the Ancient One descended the stairs. “The stone is gone,” she announced, sounding troubled. “I hadn’t realized...but I suppose he was right. It did work, in the end.” She shook herself, as if readjusting reality around herself. She held out her hand. “The Time Stone?”
Steve thought for a long moment about all the things he wanted to say, and felt overfull with them, unable to choose one. Because when Tony had shown him his room, he’d looked at the massive expanse of empty space, devoid of character, clean and sterile, and it was like looking at a blank canvas, full of nothing but what Steve could want, free of expectations, and open to whatever things, old and new, he chose to place there.
into him, a shockwave of sound and breath that knocked him off his feet. As he hit the far wall of the study, he thought he saw shards of light careening after him like shattering glass, points all twirling towards him, razor sharp—he raised his hands to shield himself—
“Monitor the interface for femto-particle transfer, make sure it actually comes out one end the same form as it came in,” Tony nodded. “Brilliant. I’ll show you mine if you show me yours?”
“Good morning,” he responded, but it was clearly just a reflex. “Where’s Colonel Phillips? Are you…what
Tony sobers, and even lets Bucky start in on him with antiseptic. “I’m fine,” he says eventually. “Really.”
With Helen and Steve the only real guest occupants of the house (Rhodes didn’t count), life seemed to slow. Pepper confirmed that should the worst happen, Carol would be on call to take Morgan, and Tony, FRIDAY, and Rhodes put together a series of security protocols around the property that would hopefully give them some warning if any interdimensional travelers decided to pay them an unwanted visit.
Tony, for his part, was very quiet in the first few days after Natasha’s visit. He worked on the Cradle interface and made himself scarce during meals, probably to avoid the awkwardness of his inability to partake. The awkwardness of his absence, however, was just as bad, in Steve’s opinion.  He tried to spend more time in the living room, sharing space with him and Helen while they worked, just to get a feel for having him around again in whatever form.
“Sure,” Steve said quickly, and then seemed to regret it. “Well, that’s…there’s nothing wrong with it. No one does anything I’m not comfortable with, not really.”
For levynite's prompt: "Marvel, neighbour why are you doing some kinda renovation at 6am while singing la cucaracha, oh hello you're hot"
He was too tired to sit up. But he reached forward and just barely brushed her calf with his fingertips. She caught his intent and scooched a little closer, enough that she could get his hand clasped between her own. She was warm, vital.
Tony talked for about an hour, explaining bit by bit the solution to a problem he’d managed to solve two days ago. By the end of it, Steve’s breathing was deep and steady on the line.
, Steve thought. Of all the things Tony brought with him, of all the things he could make for himself in the Cradle, he remembered the arc reactor, and his
“Oh shit,” Tony said, his head finally appearing from behind the coffee table. “Sorry. Didn’t even notice the books. We need to get you a real desk. Or a studio, or something.”
“I was in the mountains of Afghanistan, that’s all I knew. No idea where I was going, except that I needed to be away from the hills where I’d come from. It sucked. I was banged up from the crash, burned all over the place, and all I could do was walk. I’d used up my usefulness. I built a fucking robot suit in a cave, and then I walked.”
“Well that sounds...highly inconvenient, if vague,” Tony offered. “Though maybe a good argument to keep me legally dead for a while.”
Bruce only gets a little green around the eyes, a little bulkier. He figures it’s because he’s been using the Tower’s gym.
“Been a while since we’ve all been on the same project, hasn’t it?” Tony agrees. “Fury’s been keeping us all squirrelled away. I don’t think Bruce has come out of the morgue in a month.”
Bruce’s footfalls were quiet in the grass, just barely audible above the murmured conversations back at the house. Clint listened to the approach and didn’t move. He had found just the right spot for his ass against this tree where the roots didn’t come up too far, and his head was tipped back against a particularly soft patch of bark.
“Don’t be sorry. We’ve got no damn clue what to do with you, Rogers, and it’s pretty clear that you have no idea what to do with yourself. Why don’t you talk to someone to try and work out a game plan?”
“…Sure,” Steve said. There was nothing wrong with sitting in that isolating tube in a cold room, hammering sounds surrounding him. It didn’t stay with him, or anything. Didn’t follow him into his dreams.
Of course. The continuum—the Stone they were bringing back was the one Clint had taken away, but that didn’t erase its own path through time and space.
Anything without Tony and Natasha felt, however irrationally, like Leipzig. Like things falling apart, like Steve losing sight of himself and losing sight of the world.
They were all doing that. Anything else always came out sounding either too intimate or too sexual. Tony tried not to think about it.
–and he still sees the massive explosion from ten miles out, and then his heart is in his throat until he touches down.
“It was an honest mistake?” Steve tries, rubbing the back of his neck. Tony hasn’t managed to meet his gaze once since they got back and realised what had been staring them in the face for the past three weeks.
“Scared,” Bucky supplies. His arm creaks with his breath. “He should be. So am I. I don’t want to be put in a hole to rot. I’ve done enough of that.”
“I’m thinking,” Steve started, and then swallowed. Tried to pick up one semi-normal thing amidst the storm.  “I’m thinking about giving the shield to Sam.”
“Seems like you’re letting him just fine, why should I get involved?” Steve replied, resting his elbows on his knees.
Tony has his hand curled around his forearm, where the gauntlet ends. “There isn’t a seam,” he says, deathly quiet, to himself.
"She's smart, Tony," Steve said, leaning forward towards the edge of the couch. "She's so smart, just like you. I think she'll come around faster than you think. I would, if I were her." He swallowed. “I’d just be glad to hear your voice.” He stared down at his feet. It was easier to say this now, having gotten glimpses of the warmth Tony had betrayed of himself while living in Steve's skin, but it still wasn't
“He’ll be returned to his place of origin. Without the swords. We prefer not to meddle, but where we do, we like to just put things back where they came from.” She turned slightly. “That’s why your continued existence is a bit controversial, Tony. You didn’t quite follow their philosophy.”
Tony seemed not to know what to do with that. When he did choose to engage, it was usually with pleasantries, nothing deeper than surface level, so Steve kept his peace, and waited.
“Doubt you could surprise me,” Steve volunteered. He got three blank stares, and one glittering smirk in response.
“Did Peter use to send you memes?” Steve asked. “He’s started doing it to me. It’s baffling, but weirdly relatable.”
“The power’s going online in less than a week. I’d like to have a complete plan by then to start scheduling move-ins.”
“This could have made it a lot shorter. We might have understood you, a little more. Tony, especially. He knows—knew—what it was like. The struggle of looking forward.”
Steve’s initial response is to be angry and protest, but he stops. He’d just proven Bruce’s point. Bruce was right, he needed to think more and react less. This isn’t a battle field. No one and especially not Tony is attacking him. Tony loves him so there’s no reason to get defensive when they talk. Sure, Tony’s words are sometimes sharper than any knife, but Steve does know that when he’s open so is Tony. Steve smiles. Every time Tony is open with him feel like a privilege, a special gift and Steve also feels proud that someone who’s been hurt so many times is still strong enough to open up. He nods at Bruce. “You’re right Bruce. Thank you again. That’s good advice.”
He hadn’t meant to do it, but Tony’s crying made his muscles clench causing him to pull the door lock mechanism through the wall to get the door open.
“Um….no. Tony, it’s Steve…” Steve had to physically bite his tongue to prevent himself from saying sweetheart. That definitely wouldn’t go over well right now. Steve’s hands felt like he has hair growing on his palms from how much his palms are sweating. God, he hasn’t been this nervous since the day before project rebirth, but he couldn’t help himself. To him the stakes were high.
He’s eyes landed on Tony and it was like his own heart was shattering all over again. Tony was there sitting in the very middle of the lab hunched over and crying into a mug he held in both his hands. The expression on his face made it clear that the man was falling apart.
Steve pressed the key for the elevator then decided to take the stairs in his haste, but before he could, Natasha was standing in his way.
Steve made a face in response as he held his hand to prevent Bucky’s lips from coming in contact with his face. “Please don’t”
Steve had said, and he can admit that struck him somewhere deep, causing all his insecurities to escape the bubble that Steve had carefully packed them in. There was no way he was getting away without a conversation about feelings, but at least there’s the possibility of angry makeup sex. Which is why he was trying to be good by resting in the bed, he needed to soften Steve up before they had this conversation. Tony decided to send Steve a few texts to hopefully soften him up even more before he came home.
. So Steve began to pull out when Tony started hacking when some of it went down the wrong tube and a lot of it was overflowing from his mouth. Which subsequently resulted in Steve painting Tony’s face with the rest of his cum. He dropped his grip on Tony who dropped face first onto the ruined sheets and then Steve proceeded to flop onto his back still breathing hard.
Tony suddenly ripped himself from Steve’s hold. “That’s the other thing Steve, why we can’t be together. What I did today..”
“If that’s the only reason you’re here Rogers, then feel free to get out of my workshop now.” Tony’s voice came of sharp and cold and caused Steve’s stomach to sink again as Tony basically threw himself from his arms to stand up.
“No, it’s okay Steve. I want to answer it.” Tony cut him off, and Steve gave him a surprised and then analyzing expression as he continued speaking. Reporters were leaning in, all excited for the response.
But after Tony revealed that giant gash on his leg after the battle, which look like it might cause Tony to bleed out from the amount of blood pouring from the wound, Steve couldn’t control the overwhelming fear that consumed him. He needed Tony to understand that Steve didn’t want him to do that, never again. He didn’t want to have to worry about protecting Tony as well as preventing Tony from protecting him. He knew it was a losing battle though. He knew Tony would continue to try and protect him as much as he would try his best to protect Tony. That might even be the reason the 2 of them worked so well in the field, doing combo attacks with each other means leaving openings in their defense but also knowing the other person had your back. He knew that Tony didn’t think he wasn’t capable of protecting himself. Under the circumstances, without knowing the nature of the bomb, Steve couldn’t say for certain that he would have survived that blast. In fact, under his fear, he actually thought it was very romantic of Tony to try and protect him. He knew it came from a place of genuine love and caring. In that moment, however, he was so afraid. Afraid that Tony was hurt. Afraid that Tony was hurt Because Of Him. Afraid that Tony was more than hurt. He didn’t end up holding on to his emotions when he talked to Tony after the battle and it all came spilling out. He’s expression became more tight. God, paperwork was killing him today. He just wanted to go home.
“Yeah, Steve. I know Clint is usually wrong when he’s off the battle field but he’s right about this.” She continued, ignoring Clint’s mild protest. “Steve does Tony love you?”
“Have a think, let me know if you have questions,” she said, patting his shoulder and sliding off the chair. “You have an idea about what you might want to focus on?”
From what Steve knew of Bucky’s taste in dames (which was a lot, more than he ever wanted to know, really), he hadn’t expected shamelessness to be a deal-sealer, but the way Bucky’s gaze was sharpening definitely pointed in that direction.
Steve ran his hand along the underside of the worktop with unsettling accuracy, and disengaged the arc reactor from where it was downloading the data from the screens. “Okay. Here we go.”
“I see how it is, you’re only in this for my tech,” Tony scoffed, a hand dramatically thrown over his heart. “I am hurt, Rogers, hurt and offended.”
“Star Wars,” Steve says, a little sheepishly, “Apparently I had to understand just how much the prequels sucked so that I could then rightfully deny their existence.”
“Why are we building them submarines?” Tony had asked at one point, peering at the project outline. “It looks like we’re not even getting paid for anything beyond the product, and we have employees out there.”
Steve pinches the bridge of his nose. Wonders if there’s a chance of escape, any at all. He was a super soldier–it should be possible, even in a room full of Avengers with gleeful looks on their faces.
” Tony says, and guns it, streaking low through the streets, tearing a path through the bots, not caring if he takes them down or not so long as they
Fury led the way to a conference room that was all glass-walled and steel-brushed. Steve sat down in one of the oddly-shaped black leather and metal chairs, and cocked his head. It was surprisingly comfortable.
Steve pulled himself upright and brushed sand off. He was still in the torn remnants of his uniform. He supposed he should be thankful he’d lost his helmet in the fight; he wasn’t sure a kid would have dared approach him while he was masked. He breathed deep, salt clinging at the back of his throat.
For feelwhaaale's prompt: "Steve/Tony and Tony/Other based on Garfunkel and Oates’ song “Me, You, and Steve”?"
“Sub-basement, I knew it!” Clint crowed, as he headed towards Laura, who was waiting with the kids in the car. Together with Strange and a few others, they were the last contingent to leave.
Steve found his hand in the grass and gripped it, hard, not caring that there wasn’t any give. Eventually, he felt Tony grip back.
The Ancient One nodded, and raised her hands, the Time Stone settling in the air between them, glinting sickly green. “This will probably hurt,” she murmured, and then swept her arms back, and
“That’s...patently untrue,” Rhodes said, after a weighted pause. “And I’m pretty sure if Barnes heard you talk like that, he’d whoop your ass.”
And now the whole city looked like sheet metal and glass. Yet he was approaching it like his mother had as a little girl—Ellis Island to his right, filled with the names, true and false, of those that had come before him. It was a strange juxtaposition.
“I don’t think it’s an unfair question,” he said, as gently as he could. He wasn’t sure how well he succeeded.
“It’s okay. It’s fine. I’m fine. Help me out of this thing?” Tony looked down at himself, and frowned. “Actually, before you do. Could I maybe get some pants?”
Despite Natasha’s opinions, Steve tried to make SHIELD work for him. It wasn’t that the idea of seeing Tony more wasn’t appealing—it was, perhaps,
“Captain Rogers,” Fury says, after a brief conversation with the suited man. “Come here for a minute, would you?”
“By military regulations, I shouldn’t even be making this call, Mr. Stark. Next one’s the official one.”
The briefing was incredibly rushed–Hunt had tried his best not to call Brandt unless it was absolutely necessary because it meant revealing the fact that he
The Mind Stone wasn’t hard to pass off. In the chaos of Loki taking off with the Tesseract, Steve rolled it into the crowd surrounding 2012 Tony Stark, who rolled over onto his stomach and onto it after Thor restarted the arc reactor, frowned, and then pocketed the thing like it was a spare money clip.
Steve finally turned to give him an odd look. Tony mulled over what he just said, and clarified, “It’s how I am. You’ve got a lot of catching up to do, Cap.”
“JARVIS, what’s the issue?” he says, shaking his arm as the team files into the living room. Steve rolls his shoulders slowly, over and over. Natasha clicks her tongue, a sharp, metallic sound amid the shuffling of dirty clothing and tired steps.
An alarm started up in the lower levels, a dull pulsing roar. SHIELD agents paused, hands flying to earpieces. Steve stifled a slightly hysterical laugh. This was all far too familiar. He could almost hear Bucky yelling at him in the back of his mind.
He stilled for a moment, and then very carefully put his fingers through her hair the way she liked. His hand was smooth enough not to tug or tangle. It felt...odd, but not bad. She sighed, and let him take a little more of her weight. The arm around the small of her waist tightened.
There was a slight pause before “Then why did you add LOL to it? What’s funny about you leaving?” Clint shot back.
Steve basically snarls, “I don’t care if I have to start at square minus a hundred, I’ll never give up on Tony even if he gives up on himself. Even if Tony never wants to be with me again after this, as long as I’m still able to get even one of those insecurities back into the box then it’ll be worth it.” Steve had the most stubborn look on his face which brought a smile to everyone’s face and warmed their hearts.
Still nothing from Steve’s end…..Tony was starting to feel desperate. Steve still struggled with 21th century etiquette, it’s likely that he doesn’t know that you shouldn’t break up over text message and maybe didn’t want to have a confrontation face to face with Tony. The LOL was probably trying to lighten the mood of the conversation despite what he’d said. Maybe Steve had been thinking about it since the battle and decided that Tony wasn’t worth all the trouble? Maybe this was the final straw that broke the horse’s back so to speak? He could just feel all his insecurities burst from his internal bubble. In Tony’s defense though, he pushed back his insecurities longer than he’s ever had before but then his reality came crashing down. Suddenly he realized that he’s hands were trembling badly. He picked up his phone. Tony couldn’t even blame Steve, but he wanted so badly to beg Steve for another chance, tell Steve that he can do better. But something in the back of his mind told him he wasn’t capable of change, that he’ll always be this broke person, that he shouldn’t waste more of Steve’s time and he should accept his fate. Accept the end of their relationship.
So, Steve supposes the main problem with texting is that he can never express the depth of his affection for Tony with it.
At his words Tony finally made a high pitch keen and he came so hard he got some cum on Steve’s chin. Tony’s orgasm then caused his inner muscles to ripple around their cocks and that was it for Bucky. He came hard, orgasm making every cell in his body tingle and his vision whiting out.
One look at Steve’s angry face told him that it wasn’t about to happen though. That was fine. He wanted Steve to be angry. He wanted to drive Steve way, have Steve leave in a fit of anger, so he could get his distance. He wanted them to fight and yell so that they can have the closure of their relationship. An actual closure instead of just a text…..and maybe someday, a day that Tony couldn’t see right now, they could be friends again. When he’d healed from this, IF he manages to heal from this, or maybe just when the spot has been covered by nasty scabs. It wasn’t that he was optimistic, but that day where they would be able to talk to each other again off in the distance was the only thing keeping Tony going right now, and he knew that for that day to happen, they needed closure. He needed closure.
Apparently that was all it took because Steve then looked up at him sheepishly and a bit guiltily although not nearly as guiltily as Bucky thought he should be.
“I don’t want to calm down Clint, I want to kick Steve’s ass.” Everyone paused at the statement. Bruce was almost never violent in his human form, but when it came to Tony, all bets were off.
he reminded himself. Tony’s just trying to start a fight again. “Of course, you get a say and since you do get a say, why don’t you tell me what you think our relationship status should be.
“I understand Steve. I really do. It’s for the team, right?” He could almost feel a sad smile on his lips as he looked down at nothing in particular. “It’s for you too.”
Tony smiled a bit. Steve was always so concerned about him. Plus, no longer at one word answers, that was progress at least.
In Steve’s head the chance that JARVIS has been compromised increased. He became concerned. Turning Steve went to find the others. Maybe they’ve seen Tony or maybe knew what was up with JARVIS.
Bruce stiffened a little and pressed a bit. “That’s not what I heard. Steve said….” Bruce then paused and back tracked. “You didn’t make him miserable Tony! Of course not. You made Steve the happiest he’s ever been. It was obvious to anyone even if he didn’t say so all the time and wasn’t make those love sick sighs throughout the day. He did it so often that Clint threated to castrate him, and when then didn’t work, he capped Steve at 15 a day. 15, Tony!” Bruce then took a deep breath and tried to stay calm while addressing the second part of Tony’s statement. “And you don’t put us at risk Tony. You have all of our backs. Have saved each of us countless times. Saved countless more civilians. You’re a huge asset to the team Tony. Why would you say you put our safety as risk? Did Steve say something? Is this related to what happened with Osborn this morning?” Even Bruce could hear the anger in his voice at the end of the statement. He saw Tony cringe which was all the motivation he needed to double down on suppressing the other guy. Plus, he used this lab a lot and he’d be pretty upset if the other guy trashed all his hard work.
Steve looked down at his plate. “I’m sorry Clint, thanks for the food but I’m just not hungry. Maybe pack me a Tupperware for later? Thanks.” He pushed his chair out and stood. “I’m super tired. I think I’m going to go to sleep for a bit.
Steve, the fucker, just smirked in his face, “I would Bucky, I really would but I know how important it is to you for to win this bet. You sure you want me too?”
Steve’s stomach chugged but he forced himself to focus on the conversation instead of how he was feeling. This was important. “Then he said some self-deprecating stuff, which I tried to correct but then he said that our relationship is over and …” Steve swallowed hard but didn’t continue.
“Steve your insecurities stem from your relationship with Tony so none of us will be able to help as much as Tony can by assuring you that your fears are unfounded.” Natasha reasoned.
Clint didn’t look to happy either. “Sometimes I forget your still in your 20s Steve. For the record I though you were doing really good.” He stopped talking then because Natasha sent him a look that said
“Now that one problem is solved. I think I’ve found a solution to how Bucky has been excluded lately,” Steve continued smirking at Bucky again. “He can participate by watching and running that mouth of his since he’s so good at it.
“Look, Tony, just explain it to me. Please? Because I really don’t understand. I thought we were doing well.”
tell Tony, or anyone for that matter, that a break up was for their sake. It’s too presumptuous. Of course, the other person deserves to decide that for themselves! Oh god, what he must have thought.” At the last sentence Steve returned to moaning into his hands.
It actually didn’t take very long for Steve to text back, which surprised Tony. He must have expected Tony to text, which means he’s been contemplating what happened this morning a lot. That’s not a good sign.
It took a few minutes but eventually Steve entered the room making sure to close the door behind his as he entered Bucky’s peripheral vision.
“Drag me down?” Steve echoed. “Did you not hear what I just said about you? Tony, you support me and bring out the best in me just like I apparently do for you. We aren’t a balloon and a brick. We’re two balloons and together we can lift things that each of us couldn’t lift alone. As for unhappy, what on Earth gave you the idea that I’m not happy? I know that we argue sometimes Tony but this time that we’ve spent dating has been the happiest period of my life and it makes me so happy to hear that I make you happy.” Steve gave a genuine smile and wrapped his arms around the genius once more, only for Tony to look at him with furrowed brows. “I know that it’s hard for you to trust yourself enough to think I’m here to stay, and this whole incidence has definitely set that back a few steps but Tony Please trust me enough to know that I wouldn’t lie to you about this. You make me happy, really.”
With the glass to the workshop destroyed, Tony moved to his back up safe haven in the tower, his lab. He didn’t feel safe without the blackness of the glass surrounding him. He’s sure JARVIS will let pepper know about the glass, and she’ll probably have someone down to fix the glass by the end of the day. He’d considered flying to his rebuilt house in Malibu to hide in the workshop there, but he quickly realized he was still too drunk to fly the suit. Not to mention it’s likely that Steve would follow him if he left the tower, the stubborn bastard, which he definitely didn’t need right now.
Steve pointedly cleared his voice. “Now as I’m the impatient type,” which caused Bucky to scoff. Steve was, in fact, patient about everything except sex. Steve pointedly ignored him and carried on, “I figured we’d skip the foreplay. Plus the entire last month was foreplay for you Buck,” he chipped cheerfully as he turned Tony to face him while holding Tony’s legs apart so that Bucky got a full view of Tony’s hole plugged up by a thick vibrator. Bucky could only groan staring at the two together. Tony made the cutest noises and they turn him on so much.
The hulk wasted no time and crashed into the glass with his shoulder. The force resulted in a hairline fracture in the glass that Steve could barely see. Distantly he was thanking heaven that the workshop wasn’t built from hulk proof glass. The Hulk seemed determined and repeated his action. It took a good 9-10 hits for the hulk to cause the glass to come crashing down. Steve would be incredibly thankful if it wasn’t for the fact that the Hulk started running towards Tony with a “Tin man need help.”
“You going to go apologizes? That’s why you’re looking for him right?” Bruce piped up again. “Because if you’re finding him to yell at him, I’m obligated as his Science brother, as he would call it, to release the Hulk on you.”
Steve was already frustrated but he was starting to feel unsettled and desperate based on JARVIS’s responses.
Screw this paperwork. He’ll do it later….. probably. He noted his phone had 8% battery left, so he knew he wouldn’t be able to continue his conversation with Tony for much longer. He typed out a quick reply telling Tony that he was on his way, made sure it sent and shut the contraption off to conserve batteries in case there was an emergency.
“You want is so bad don’t you?” Steve looked at Tony before hulling him to his knees while raising to his knees as well. With his hands still bound together Tony notably had a hard time not pitching forward when he bent to try and take Steve into his mouth. There was no way he wasn’t going to choke although he would probably choke in any positions considering the size of Steve’s dick. Steve definitely noticed but made no move to help him and simply stilled his hips waiting for Tony’s service.
“You were right, it was dangerous and reckless, and I could have put the team in danger. That’s why we can’t be together anymore.. it’s to protect the team! It’s for my family, our family and there’s nothing I wouldn’t give up for them even if what I’m giving up is you.” Tony’s words maybe should have made Steve a bit jealous but all he could feel was warmth. He’s so happy that Tony now has the team in his life to back him up, that he has so many people supporting him.
God he was so frustrated. The large piles of broken equipment and targets that Bucky had gone through in last month attested to how often he’d had to find other ways to expend all that residual sexual energy.
As soon as those words passed Tony’s lips, Steve and Bucky started to fuck him in earnest picking him up and then dragging him back down to impale Tony on their cocks as gravity wasn’t fast enough. “Well Tony are you going to come clenched around both our cocks?” Steve asked. Neither of them move a hand to touch Tony’s penis.
Tony’s words stuck him to his core, and it was amazing how his whole world perspective changed in an instant. He felt cold and alone, left out in the world full of emotions and things he didn’t understand to fend for himself. As much as Steve tried to support Tony, Tony supported him just as much and more. He makes Steve better every day without even realizing because that was just the kind of wonderful person Tony was.
Looking at the comment Tony was surprised that his didn’t sound that bitter. Huh, maybe he was finally becoming an adult after all. He looked around the room. Before they were a couple it used to be Tony’s room, but Tony didn’t want to kick Steve out if he considers it his room now. He grabbed a bunch of his cloth from the closet, as well as, his pills, a few important pictures from the nightstand, and his toothbrush from the bathroom, and headed down to the workshop. He set himself up there until he found another room he wanted. Might as well stay since he was going to go to the workshop to mope and mourn their relationship in peace. The workshop will always be his safe haven, his sanctuary. Knowing himself he wasn’t going to leave for a while, so he might as well have supplies.
“Look, I understand what happened. I’m a genius and I catch on quick. But it happened Cap, no way to put everything that’s happened into a box and shove it in the corner now. If your want forgiveness for making that stupid typo you got it. I’m not mad Cap, honestly.”
Natasha eyes never once left her book. “Have you tried asking Jarvis?” The sarcasm highly apparent in her voice.
“Steve? Steve! Calm down! You’re hyperventilating!” Natasha’s firm voice broke through his spiralling thoughts, and he suddenly realized he’s now sitting on the floor crying. “Oh Steve.” Natasha sighed. It hasn’t been the best day. Before she could get Steve to calm down further Bruce cut in again.
Steve was started to pant more, a sheen of swear appearing to match Tony’s. He must be really fucking Tony hard for him to show symptoms of exertion. Tony swung his head to one side giving Bucky a view of his face. He looked like he’s eyes were about to roll to the back his head in pleasure as drool fell from his lips. He was magnificent. “I bet you do. You are always such a slut for it whenever you’re made to take it…” Steve growled, eyes dark, pupils blown. Tony whined in response. “You’ve got no problem with us just using you hard huh?”
“What, I don’t even get a say in all this!? You say we’re together and so that’s how it is?!” Tony shouted at him, suddenly angry.
“Don’t hold your breath,” Bucky muttered and then turned to Tony, “How could you Tony? Conspiring with Steve to worsen my misery? I’m feeling utterly betrayed.”
Bucky couldn’t help but it. He rolled his eyes and said “Right like you’ve ever refused sex in your life. You were probably up for it the moment Steve brought this up.”
Steve, at a loss for words, shoved his phone at Natasha while out of the corner of his eye he saw Bruce do the same thing to Clint with Tony’s cellphone.
“Sweet thing,” Bucky interrupted him this time by placing his thumb over his lips, preventing him from speaking. “we ain’t the least bit upset. We’re in awe of you.”
Realizing what Tony was trying to do and not wanting to upset him further, Bruce looked at the phone screen only to read it and see red. He shot out of his chair, grabbed Tony’s cell phone and stomped into the elevator with a single mindedness that usually only the hulk possessed. He was in perfect control though. He knew he wasn’t going to change because Bruce wanted to, no he needed to be himself when he lays into Steve, so that Steve will understand the severity. Then he might let the other guy out depending on how this plays out.
After Steve left however Bucky could only shrink in on himself. Steve was correct that he’d gotten himself into this. A few weeks ago Tony and him had gone out for a date. During which they’d gotten each other all hot and bothered resulting in them having sex in a back alley. They hadn’t realized that paparazzi had tailed them, and by the next day their sexcapade had been published in basically every newspaper in town. Natasha, who was in charge of avengers PR (because Tony took too much joy in messing with the media), had been so pissed that Bucky was lucky that he’d only been stabbed once by the end of the day.
Bruce cuts through the silent. “You broke up with him over text message? Even you know that’s not acceptable. Honestly Steve I never took you for a coward. Not to mention the other BullShit you’ve apparently been telling Tony all because of that stupid incident this morning? How….”
Despite suddenly feeling defensive, Steve only managed to respond weakly, “I was just worried about him, I don’t want him to do stuff like that…”
Through the hurt, understanding poured through and it light up Tony’s spirit and soul or whatever he had in that arbitrary space. He could do this. He needed to do this. For Steve. For the team. For His Family. This was the closure that he needed. He could accept the situation and move on.
“Maybe we can talk about it later but right now I need to be alone.” Talk! Later! He’s mind clung to those word because Yes, they could talk later. Sort this out! Maybe it wasn’t true? Maybe he can convince Tony to take him back once Tony had some time to himself! Maybe he can sort out the right things to say in that time. Maybe he can come up with a convincing case to beg Tony to take him back.
“Then you’re breaking up with me, is that what you’re saying Tony? Because again I ain’t breaking up with you.”
Bruce only smiled, getting that Tony was teasing instead of being genuine when Tony moved to take another savoring sip with a hum. “I don’t think I should be riling you up right now.” Bruce paused but ultimately decided to not beat around the bush. “Calming down a riled-up Steve is enough for one day.” Bruce almost regretted his inability to procrastinate when Tony froze up with a hand twitch that basically caused hot tea to pour onto Tony’s left hand. Tony himself didn’t even react or try to drop the cup, for which Bruce was grateful for as he likes that mug, but also deeply concerned about because the water is definitely hot enough to cause a second-degree burn. Bruce was then distracted by the thought that Tony may have nerve damage from burning himself too many times in the work shop but came too when the sound of the mug hitting the table assaulted his ears.
“Now Tony,” Steve dropped the volume of his voice but his words was still very clear in Bucky’s ears. “Be a good boy and put on a good show for Bucky, huh? I want you to be load and vocal alright?”
“Steve it’s true. Tony has been doing so much better since you guys have started dating and I’m sure it’s because of what you do for him and what you mean to him. And you know I’m not lying because I’m more bro with Tony than I am with you. So, don’t diminish his accomplishments and his gifts to you by saying you forced him. That’s not fair to Tony or you.” Clint looked so serious and Steve wanted to believe him so badly. Then Clint’s serious look turned into a teasing smile. “Beside man, you’re loyal, strong, honest, have integrity. You’re Captain America, a living legion. How can anyone not want you? You’re basically perfect or as close to……..”
Steve tried his best to flip into Captain America mood. He had to stay calm. He needed to concentrate on getting into the workshop. He can drown in his emotions when Tony’s life wasn’t in danger. He collected himself and was just about to coordinate with the others when a roar took over the attention of the three other people in the room.
At his words Steve suddenly ripped himself from Tony’s arms to turn around and face him again. “I’m not perfect! And I’m sick of people expecting me to be! I just, I try my best, but do you know how stifling it is to feel like you have to do perfect in everything? Tony this is my first serious relationship. I have no fucking idea what I’m doing or what I’m suppose to do! I don’t know if anything I’ve done so far was any good!” Then Steve started losing steam, suddenly feeling hurt. “And you’ve known me a long time now Tony. If all you can see is Captain America or someone who’s perfect then I feel like you don’t really know me at all.”
” Tony looked completely wrecked gasping for breath as he kept trying to buck into Steve’s thrusts despite the unyielding hold on his hips.
Steve’s smirk grew a bit, his eyes bright. “Didn’t think so.” Steve moved to sit on the bed and started running his hands through Tony’s sweat soaked hair. “Now Tony here, the angel, was concerned that you might have felt excluded this last month. He also mentioned to me that you might be avoiding him?” He gave Bucky a quick glance before focusing again on Tony’s face. “Obviously he played it off, but I’m pretty sure he’s been down all month about it. Isn’t that right sweetheart?” Steve moved to unbuckle the ball gag to which Tony only groaned.
and he NEEDS Tony to understand that, understand that he’s still feeling it, the devastation of almost losing someone so precious to him.
However when Tony turned his head slightly towards him and he saw the slightly blissed out expression on his face. Bucky took a moment to be slightly confused but also aroused.
“I though we were arguing over what happened this morning with..uh.. the green goblin.” He hadn’t really wanted to bring it up but it’s now or this whole thing blowing up in his face later.
His response caused Steve to smile smugly, “While I guess I’ll have to keep him warm until you get here.” Steve was already stroking himself almost back at full hardness. He then went to turn Tony so that he was face down ass up with his ass facing Bucky. “Such a shame because it’s such a pretty hole isn’t it?” Steve was spreading Tony’s cheek for him to give Bucky a nice view of Tony’s gapping hole, rim puffy from the earlier abuse. Bucky couldn’t agree more as he’s cock turned steel hard. Tony was breathtaking like this.
wanted to do. Demanding he show Steve the 21th century. Wanting Tony to make things for him, for the whole team, yet still have time for him, SHIELD, his company. Not to mention the countless times he was arguing with Tony. No, times when he had yelled at Tony as Tony just stood there. Has he been exhausting Tony this whole time? A burden? A leech on Tony’s existence? Tony did look so exhausted. Is that why Tony doesn’t want him anymore?
But as Steve got into the elevator and turned back to face Tony as the doors closing, Tony whispers, “Goodbye, Steve” while looking at the floor. Steve’s insides twisted because to him, it felt like Tony was saying it like this was the end.
Tony felt his eye well up with tear again. Tony still loves Bruce, of course, and he knew that no matter what Bruce cared for him. The fact that he remembers that at a time like this shows how far he’s come since being with Steve, since being with the Avengers. Bruce was just mad that Tony had put them in danger, Tony reasoned. He needed sometime to himself to calm down. Probably, considering his expression when he stormed out of the lab.
“Shh, Steve it’s okay. It’s not you okay? I promise.” Tony’s words were slightly muffled from him resting his head on Steve’s shoulders. “Please don’t feel like that Steve. Don’t ever feel like that. You’re perfect.”
“NO! Tony, no, Never. NEVER” Steve swept Tony into his arms once more to whisper fervently in his ear. “Listen carefully. One – What you did this morning wasn’t wrong and I’m so sorry I got angry over it. It’s hard for me to watch you get hurt but I’ll work on it. Two – you were not and do not compromise the team. I was just angry and that is completely not true. Three – There is no team without you Tony. You’re the heart of this team and none of us would ever EVER want you to go.”
Steve kneed down next to Tony. Training automatically kicking in, he instinctively checked for breathing and pulse. Steve felt just slightly lighter when he found both. But Tony’s life may still be in danger. Steve start shaking Tony aggressively while calling his name, he needed to wake him and possibly get him to throw up anything residual in his stomach.
Tony tried to open the bottle with his sprained wrist holding the vial, and he ended up popping the bottle open with more force that he meant to causing all the medications to fly out around the room, into his pile and rolling under appliances. Damn it, whoever thought of child proof vials? I mean serious? Screw children.
“I hate the thought that he forced himself to change because of me. I never wanted him to feel like he wasn’t enough. I never wanted him to feel like I didn’t love him for who he already was, or that I would love him more if he changed.” He could only look down and stare at the table.
Steve stopped paying attention, running to Tony’s side. He did hear Natasha instructing him that he’d better help Tony. Meanwhile they’d take care of the Hulk and get him to change back so he could help with the medical treatment.
No, he couldn’t think that. He was going to fight for this relationship with everything he has. Time to go for broke. “Tony I want you to listen to me. I don’t want to break up. I’ve never once wanted to break up with you. This isn’t me regretting the break up or whatever your thinking. I want to be with you Tony. I’ve always wanted to be with you and I’ll always want to be with you no matter what happens because I love you, all of you. Who you are, what you do, and everything in between. That break up wasn’t real Tony and it will never be real, not unless you want to break up with me but I’m definitely not breaking up with you. So as far as I’m concerned we’re still together.”
It only took him about a second to take in the whole situations. Pills all over the ground and a passed out Tony with tears running down his face with a few massive bottles of Whiskey beside him. Steve’s blood ran cold.
“Tony I’m SORRY okay? I was angry and…” He trailed off. Suddenly Steve was feeling tired, and the day’s events hang heavily on him, dragging him down. He knew he’d hurt Tony this time, but he just couldn’t back down. In that instance he realized it was because he was hurt too. That today’s events had hurt and frightened him. This wasn’t about being a hypocrite because he’s feelings are still valid. What he was feeling was real,
However Bucky could see the strain from the shake in his thighs. Tony wasn’t going to last. After 4 or 5 times Tony tumbled forward, his weigh pitching him mouth first onto Steve’s cock. Tony ended up taking Steve’s cock until Tony’s face slapped Steve’s lower abdomen. With no hands to push away from Steve he was stuck gagging and choking on Steve’s cock. Steve however had closed his eyes to enjoy the sensation and stayed in the same position. “Tony…ughhh..it’s so good. I could spend the rest of my life happy if you spent it swallowing my cock”
“No you don’t Buck. You love me, and while you might be agitated at me this particular moment, I guarantee that by the time we’re done you’ll be buying me flowers to thank me.” Steve told him, mirth in his eyes.
“Credit where credit is due Tony, there have definitely been huge improvements since our time and Buck and I do truly appreciate that but that doesn’t mean there aren’t still problems. That’s why we look up to you Tony, you’re forever a futurist. You look at the world and always see how it can be even better.”
“How can you be so thoughtless!?” came Bruce’s voice from inside the elevated. He seemed enraged but was trying to keep himself together by not talking to loudly. He was coming towards them fast.
By the time he was home, it’d been more than an hour. Why did he do his work in the triskelion and not the helicarrier? Traffic had been insane! Rush hour in New York was worse than fighting rampant dinosaurs in Steve’s opinion. But then he clamped down on the thought because he was totally going to jinx himself. Please don’t let him be fighting dinosaurs tomorrow.
He can feel his blood rushing in his ears, Steve’s chest is warm against his back, and Tony’s giving him expectant doe eyes. It’s entirely possibly that he will regret this.
“Clean, more or less,” Dr. Cho answered. “He’s running a little low on iron, and could probably stand to sleep some more, once he’s gotten some food into him. But I’m a biologist, not a GP.”
Steve knew the instant Tony disengaged. “No. Come on,” he said, plaintive, knee falling and hitting the stone dais, staining the uniform scarlet.
He turned, and sprinted. Down the narrow stair, then off, off to the east, curving around the ever-steepening column of the mountain, until he heard the awful, despairing shout of Clint far up above, and the sickening impact of flesh and bone directly below.
“…Yeah,” Clint says, and has the fleeting but desperate thought that he really should have gotten Steve to do this. “I’m thinking JARVIS was right on the money here.”
“I could try for a matte coating, if you’d prefer?” Tony offered. He didn’t have complete control over the look of the thing, it was all a matter of intent, but he could try.
Steve said, “Everything you did, I get it now, why you did it, even if I don’t necessarily agree with the how’s. When I told you I trusted you, it was because I meant it.”
Tony flipped up his faceplate, and grinned back. “Adrenaline junkie. Takes one to know one.” He waited for a second, half expecting Steve to say something more, but when he didn’t, he rocked back on his heels and said, maybe a little too brightly, “So, wanna see your new digs, then?”
Starks were going to be the death of him. “You’ve convinced me,” he managed, raising his hands in defeat. “I’d be happy to stay. But, uh. Call me Steve?”
As soon as his vision clears, Tony stumbles forward, just fast enough to push a staggering bot aside and catch Steve as he crumples.
Tony exhaled, and turned. And then without meaning to he found himself striding over to where Steve was slowly getting down the stairs in order to make sure he didn’t misstep on the landing and break his neck. “What are you, why are you out of bed? Go back to bed.”
“Well, I made mine.” She said quietly. “I know the cost. I know what can happen but it’s worth it. I know it will be. Have fun.” She hung up and huffed.
“Oh right. I forgot about that m-Pepper was allergic.” Morgan said slightly panicked that she almost said Mom.
“It's not the worst thing that's happened.” Tony had no idea why he was still whispering or why Steve was now too.
“Tony I could-” He ended the call before she could finish. He tried to walk straight back but it ended up being more of a stagger everyone took notice.
“Yes, sir. You are alright, I would advise you do not strain yourself, much more.” He replied Tony nodded.
“I think you should try asking  them about themselves, or discussing topics you know about.” He replied. Tony thought for a moment.
Please comment I love them and I always love it when I see the comment count climb! Thank you so much for reading!
to stop but he couldn’t. Once he started, he really couldn’t stop himself. Steve shut him up by placing his hands on Tony’s shoulders.
“Who was that?” Pepper asked. He was so screwed. How could he explain this. Oh he was so screwed. “Was that Rhodey?” She asked. He could’ve cried.
“Do it. She is just a kid and is going through more than you realize right now.” Pepper added. Morgan rolled her eyes.
“So we've noticed.” Steve said. Tony pushed away from Rhodey and hit Steve arm. The football boy started talking and Tony got a feeling that someone was watching him. He turned around and saw something that made his breath stick in his throat. Tony turned it back to the group, he could feel his heart rate becoming a regular. His breaths came quicker and he started to panic. He batted it at Rhodey's arm.
“If I take you to see the fireworks, you’ll forget any of this ever happened?” He asked. Tony nodded.
Of course Bucky didn't trust Tony. What are the chances that this random kid shows up without bad intents. He hated the thought of his little brother being taken advantage of. He knew he would have to keep an eye on Tony. Maybe try to get a reaction out of him, or catch him in the act of doing something terrible. He would just have to wait for Tony to slip up, right?
Steve was the first one she wanted to get out of the way. He was her first step in fixing the future. She had a great night sleep after Natasha had talked to her and got her to bed. She missed that. Being tucked in by anyone really. The last time she was tucked in it was by her father, the day he left. And never came back. She smiled and ended up in a few clothes Natasha had left for her. They actually fit her which was amazing but not as much because it
“Obadiah Stone.” He hated to say his name. Everytime, it reminded him of what happened to Jarvis and what would happen to Rhodey and Pepper if he ever found out about what Tony was doing. The Captain raised an eyebrow. “See why I wanted to do this in person?” Tony asked.
“Not really, no. I just I have to say something. I-” Tony’s phone rang. It was Pepper again. Tony rolled his eyes. “Okay, now i'm really sorry. It’s Pepper and she’ll kill me if I don’t answer.” He said.
“Yeah, that was his favorite bedtime story, how he met you guys.” She said smiling up at Steve. Steve held a faint smile and took a breath before continuing.
“Well, I just got off the phone with him. But there was someone with him. He told me it was you!” She exclaimed, actually jumping out of her chair. Rhodey didn’t say anything at first.
“JARVIS, you up?” He asked, quietly. Steve had gone back to the others, and they were now talking quietly among themselves now.
“Steve is in love with you and I want to get your intentions straight.” Bucky said, normally the tone of his voice would’ve scared Tony, but he was too happy to be afraid. His face was infected with smile in an instant.
“Go Go Go!” He yelled showing people the way out of the line of fire. “This way! Hurry!” The rest of the team we're doing their jobs perfectly. They were like a well oiled machine out there. Working in perfect sync with each other. He heard yelling through the comms and couldn't help but be captivated by the sight of this team working this well. It was beautiful. He heard Peggy from the comms shouting out who was where and which of the men needed to be taken out first. If Tony had been doing his job correctly, maybe things would've turned out just a little bit better. But he blames that on the team working too well. He heard her before he saw her. Pepper. Pepper freaking Potts, yelling his name, looking for him. Tony cursed under his breath. A few months of training taught him to watch his surroundings and he saw a gun man aim for Pepper. There was no way, after all his work, he would let her die. No. He bolted towards her, not even noticing that shots were getting less and less frequent. “PEPPER” he yelled and dove in front of her. It was like the world stood still again. Almost like he was back in the office, the day Jarvis died. Everything went so slow. The bullet priced his skin and pure agony was all her felt. Pepper covered her mouth as she realized who it was and what he had just done. “Sorry.” He muttered with a smile on his face.
