"No." Kelly closes her eyes, shaking her head definitively- but in the way people always do when they know they've just been proven of the impossible, "Oh, no."
He knows what that's like- to have a dark thing inside of you that you don't understand. Just like he knows what it's like to have Lucifer in there- puppeting his body and making him watch. But that's not what this is. Lucifer isn't here in this one little girl.
Dean plops down beside Cas on the log, their thighs brushing together. Cas is holding a marshmallow over the fire, cooking each side to golden perfection. He's probably got the timing down perfectly for it.
doing the right thing." Cas shouts from the library, clearly having been eavesdropping.
"Minnesota. Two dead, locked room. Victims had put in a call about a crying baby but the place was empty. The only thing at the scene was their bodies. Been five days, and the coroner still hasn't put out a cause of death."
There's a lot that Sam went through downstairs he'll never repeat to another living soul. He doesn't even want to think about it. But it's a part of him the same way it's a part of Cas, too. Sure, maybe it didn't happen to Cas directly, but it may as well have. He's still got that trauma rooted deep into his core in much the same way.
Dean catches Cas looking at them, too, from the end of the table. Does Cas want that with Dean? To be all soft and snuggly and
Dean smells that, too. It smells like blood and mildew and lake water and grass and a couple dozen different car trunks and
Cas limps his way to the library without a word, leaving Sam and Dean in his wake. Dean heads first to the kitchen, pulling a beer from the fridge and gulping down a few sips before realizing Sam had followed him in there- so he hands off a beer to his brother, too.
"Just saving some for later." He grins, then remembers, "Oh, Cas! Here, try this."
"That was kind of you." Cas smiles, hoping his face doesn't look as pink as it feels.
He doesn’t know how long he sits there like that, but he sits until someone speaks to him. Anyone, in his head, just because he needs them to.
It's the last call he's ever wanted to make, but he does it anyway.
She tilts her head, "Thank you?"
"What?"
"Well, you said a few of the Loughlins survived, right? That was the rumor?"
Dean swipes a hand in the air, "Hey. I know from a little bit of experience you don't take a swing at John Winchester for nothing. So what'd he say?"
"And I love you." Cas beams, dropping his hand from Dean's face and picking up a piece of french toast. He takes a bite, quirking his face in concentration before he swallows, "This, however, I unfortunately do not"
Dean couldn't imagine being shoved up inside the body of a beetle- hanging out with other beetles and befriending them. Humans are obviously different from bugs, but... to angels? Not so much.
It actually ends up being something along these lines.
Dean eases up, "You see any black smoke?"
, the hardness in his jeans is waning, fleeting.
"Whoa, whoa," Sam shouts out, immediately followed up by Dean's concise, "Give us a second."
This could be the workings of a spell veiling the goings on within, or there's simply no one here and hasn't been for awhile. It's likely the first, given how powerful the warding is- but that doesn't stop him from worrying that Sam might not even be here at all.
The same word keeps filtering through his mind over and over, forcing the memory to stick. It's something he knows he needs to hold onto.
Dean's eyes flicker in thought. He turns suddenly, "When did this go down?"
John doesn't answer. Doesn't slow his steps.
"The old fashioned kind." Dean nods, turning to the exit and leaving the other two in place. He hears Sam mutter a quick
thinking about it. Because if he can see it now, then everyone else is gonna see it and... What? They probably saw it the whole time, who's he kidding? He's the only unobservant friend who
He's struggling with the phrasing, but Sam seems to catch on, nodding along, "She's... his
freshly minted and packaged behind those eyes.
Perhaps it's a side effect of middle America. These vast expanses of grassy hills spanning for days on end- it leaves little to do but settle on thoughts and thoughts and thoughts.
"My name- My name is..."
Their boots clank in tandem up the metal stairs and out the front entrance. Cas' stolen brown pickup sits where he left it, abandoned with the door half ajar, having rolled several feet into the grass. The smaller sedan Dean and his father must have stolen sits right beside it, parked far more gracefully.
"What's that?" Sam nods at the thing Cas is currently trying to cover with both hands in his lap- looking
"What? A guy can't take a break? Drove all night, library all day? I'm beat."
Turns out, Dean's still pretty predictable. He's changed, but at the same time- hasn't at all- falling back on drunken hookups as a means to solve his own problems. Or create new ones. Trying to fill a role he's lying to himself he even fits in anymore.
It never ceases to amaze him, how easily Dean brushes off the kindest aspects of himself, and his complete selflessness in his childhood with Sam, “You shielded your brother from what could’ve been traumatizing, and made memories together instead. Don’t diminish the good you do, Dean.” Cas puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder and lingers there until Dean shrugs him off with a sheepish smile, face hot.
should have that type of power over life or death. And no parent, certainly, should have a say over it like they're Holy echo chambers for God's will.
"Uh..."
"I'm not
Sam's all freaky tall like Shaggy, towering over Dean on the bed, saying, "Stay there." with a pat on his shoulder.
"This one. Sam is the most intellectually driven of the three of us, and I am generally the one who needs aid getting out of a situation with a questionable creature."
"You have a robe at home you specifically call your 'dead-guy robe'" Cas uses finger quotes, matching Dean's whispered tone, "How is this different?"
I taught you boys how to
Half that shit... for all these legendary stories of the great Dean Winchester, he couldn't even figure out how to deal with all
Dean sits on the sofa, picking up the guitar discarded on the cushions, "Well, so what, Lucifer's a dork? That's good to know." he starts strumming a few loose chords- they come out tinny through the electric guitar, but their structures are actually sound. He never knew Dean could play guitar.
John's peering at Dean with a deep frown, jaw clenching.
He's silent for a long time, but Cas still feels him there, just on the edge of longing, words on the tip of his tongue without yet spilling over.
Dean's voice hardens, glowering at his father, "Sammy's
"I am not
So he'll blow through Cas easy, cause Cas isn't gonna suspect anything... but that's not fair to Cas either. He's a good fighter, a great fighter. He's killed hundreds, thousands of angels. He could survive one little fight with one random angel…
For a man that so many know simply as a killer, a hunter, a man of violence and blood, his most hidden side is that of simple care, of the tentative brush of calloused fingers, of soft sighs in between the sheets of a bed he occupies with only a lover, of light laughter when grazing the spot on his stomach where a scar tickles. He is so much more than any person will ever see, because through this bounty of love he also created a soul within Castiel. There's no way that he had one before meeting Dean Winchester because the world was simply far too cold, and since only warm. No one else could ever possibly fathom the depths of love within that one man.
A silence falls. Cas lets it, thinking perhaps that's what John needs. He
"I distinctly recall both you and your brother waking to armed men and being murdered in your hotel room several years ago."
He redirects his attention to the table, and Donna is going on about a date gone wrong, animatedly changing her voice for each person in the story and laughing. Realizing he left his beer in the bathroom, he drifts to the kitchen to snag another, voices carrying from the dining room. He leans against the counter, pops open the beer, sips it while peering out the window into the near-dark, wearing borrowed pajamas in a home surrounded by his family. He remembers when he was a kid, sometimes he'd make a friend in a town they'd pass through, and he'd end up playing games in the basement for a single night like Jack and the girls are just below his feet. His friend's mom would order pizza and they'd stay up just being kids.
Dean laughs, "I'm gonna use that next time Sam asks to get a dog."
"To family, you goob." She chuckles, but straightens up, "I know we're a little patchwork quilt made of mismatched pieces of different families all put together... but I'm glad some little good coulda come outta all that bad cause I can't imagine life without you all."
It drops with the sound of a cut off scream upstairs. Gail, her mother, shrieking out something unintelligible, muffled by the thickness of the door separating them.
Dean."
Maybe it
Tommy: Show’s at Club Meteor. One Hour.
Stepping in on the other side of the table to look his son in the eye, he lowers his voice, just barely, "Company you're keeping... What the hell are you thinking, son?"
"Dean?" He says, then harder, "
"Whoa, whoa, whoa!" Sam holds up a hand, and everyone stills. Bucky- his knife half-raised, John- slowly reaching around to his back for his gun, Dean- standing in the middle of it all without a clue what to do or who to believe. "Wait. Hold on a second."
Crowley: I thought our little (baby angel emoji) on one shoulder, me on the other arrangement was agreeably ceased upon Lucifer's caging
It should’ve sent them both sprawling... but he’s clearly still too weakened for combat, and the slightest sidestep and pummel into Bucky’s gut- he falls to his knees, where she claws a firm hand around his throat.
"Oh, Dean." Cas shakes his head and looks up at him with nothing but kindness, "There
It’s a hundred percent about something else, but he doesn’t push. Of all people, Cas is sure entitled an existential crisis or two.
"But you're right," Crowley continues, "I was simply the most task-oriented teammate in the room. As per usual.
"Happy Thanksgiving, Dean!" Sam shouts across the kitchen jokingly sweet, but it makes Dean grin anyway as he cracks a couple eggs over a pan.
Luckily, Jody saves the day for the second time this morning and cuts through the heavy air with an offering of pancakes. She slides a plate to Kaia first, and the second to Dean. They both mumble their thanks, drowning the flapjacks in syrup and digging in immediately.
"Wow, this Benjamin seems like he's pretty cool, you know." Dean cuts in, tone dripping with contempt, "Like he wouldn't make any half-cocked, knee-jerk choices."
Jody stares at him wide-eyed, a mix of disbelief and surprise on her face.
Instead, he sets the needle in place and listens while the second half of the album starts up. Dean dives onto the bed facedown, arms curling into the pillow. A little awkwardly, a lot tentatively, Cas sits beside him.
"I know, it's a lot." Dean admits, peeking over at the passenger seat.
John leans back with a snort, linking his hands on his stomach, "Ah, shoot 'em a story about faking your death and people run with it. They believe what they gotta."
Dean: Night
"Wow!" Jody lets her hand drop, eyes wide and uncertain, a small smile creeping in when she meets Sam and Dean's eye again- but they can't seem to meet her same level of enthusiasm. Jaws set, tension you could cut with a knife.
It's not damning. Certainly a clue, but hardly an admission of guilt to dark witchcraft. Wiccan people exist in all realms of life, some cornered into the magical and others simply communing with nature in a strictly innocent manner.
Dean can feel the beat of the angel's heart beneath his own clenched fist. He releases the fabric of his shirt and flattens his hand on Cas' chest
Stuck there frozen, another one of the vamps starts to round the corner. He readies his blade, simply waiting for them to come to him. The vampire stops short, nearly hitting him and stumbling back, holding out an angel blade in one hand, the other flat out in placation.
want to die. Like, the people they love die and it's... sometimes, just for a little while, he's jealous of them. Because they don't have to sit there and feel that loss the way he has to. They get to just lay down and rest.
Yeah, he's so in.
Happy Birthday, Dean. Pretty stupid we drive everywhere but never been to the Grand Canyon. Maybe we can trick dad into thinking there's a Wendigo out there and camp out one of these days. -Sam
(earlier time uncertain)
Crowley: Missing me already?
Crowley grins, "Great, let's get a move on, then."
"Ah, I called him. He said he'd try to make it." Sam shrugs, rubbing the back of his neck.
Cas sighs, shaking his head almost sadly, "No. Of course not. You don't need to worry about me."
"You didn't eat... so your brother could have a full meal instead?"
If anything, he’s not gonna let Sam go worrying- thinking this was one of the bad nights. This is just Dean, womanizer extraordinaire and resident idiot, having a night on the town well past his prime.
Three men in dark suits exit the SUV. The first is short with dark hair mopped atop his head and greased back. The driver is a bit taller, thick-bodied, and bald. The last man rounds the SUV from the opposite side, bald as well, but with a darker skin tone.
Yeah, well- he's not. Just needs to flush out whatever drug's in his system and he'll be aces.
"It's the truth."
And he's exactly the same.
Dean swings a fist at John's jaw so fast, he barely registers himself making the movement until his knuckles sting from the contact.
"Yeah. I got it."
"We both know that's not true."
, and he's been
came to Earth."
What he's come to learn, however, is this gift of compartmentalization is simply a fancified word for "shoving your shit down." And if Dean and Sam and Claire are any teachers in this life, such is universally known to be a terrible way to go about things.
It's another twenty minutes before Cas' phone lights up again, ringtone low. Dean's name pops up on the screen. He's calling.
"You?" Donna pokes a friendly finger, and laughs.
That was probably harsh. She
"Because," Cas continues, voice dripping with sarcasm, "Tell me, Dean. Who was it you planned to have die tonight instead- before your father stepped in? It was never going to be Sam, you and I both know that."
"Hey," He hip checks her, grinning, "I've been a doting single mother for years. Ain't that right, Sammy? Braided his hair before school and everything."
Dean's on the couch beside his father, both of their bodies mirrored- legs splayed out in front of them. He frowns at Sam in the chair beside him, saying something about vegetable water as Cas approaches.
Cas: 15 hours is not a day
He rakes in an exhausted breath, fresh headache pounding its way through his entire scull- but stiffens as a set of boots slowly clomp down the stairs. Squinting towards the intruder, he mentally kicks himself for not having a gun beneath his head the one time someone-
"Angels really don't have any fun, do they?"
That's... overwhelmingly endearing. He knows for a fact that he's giving Dean the "sappy face" that he always tells Cas to put away.
"Yeah, you know what I like about him?" Cas shoots back with a matching frustration, "Is that he's sarcastic,
He turns on the water, peels off his clothes, and settles them in a pile in the corner of the floor. Two towels and two sets of pajamas are sitting on the edge of the sink waiting. Just tee shirts and flannel bottoms. Normal stuff. But Dean does still feel weird about wearing Jody's dead husband's clothes. He never knew the guy, or even met him. Jody seemed cool with it, though, so he supposes it's fine. If Jody and the girls needed clothes at the bunker, he tries to imagine he'd be just as fine loaning some of his mom's stuff. Even though that loss is still fresh, he thinks he'd be okay with it just because it's them. His family.
He dives into one of the horse stalls, back against the wall facing the figures. One clatters something to the ground, and a second set of footsteps ghosts quietly from behind.
colors."
"Come
"Land of gridlock, Botox, overtaxing, underachieving, smell of sweaty desperation... I mean, you can't breathe. The beaches are toxic. You got dudes in skinny jeans wearing sunglasses inside." He sighs, "Ugh... Image obsessed narcissists. I
"Uhm," Shifting in his seat, he lowers his hands beneath the table, still clasped, and meets her eye, "We're not going to hurt you, Kelly. But that child-" he nods to her stomach, and she automatically places a hand there in response, "It must be dealt with."
Cas isn't sure what that means or what to do with it. With Dean, it'd mean he doesn't want to talk anymore. Usually because the topic at hand is getting far more personal than he's equipped to deal with at that moment.
Cas/Crowley: what happens in LA (kissy face with heart, hot stuff/sweating and panting face)
wouldn't understand, but I've been a king. Having people look at you like you're everything, knowing that once they buy in, you can make them do anything, it's intoxicating."
Dean's apt to just ignore that one, but Sam pipes up instead, his voice rumbling against his chest, "Hey! You could be in a ditch right now, so how about you stow the commentary?"
Dean: take away all these faces
John looks at Cas like he's a nuke waiting to explode, and he's studying him for any weaknesses he might be able to use later on down the road. How Cas is acting right now sure doesn't help with that, but John also doesn't know Cas like Dean does.
Cas lets that silence deafen him. Sitting on Dean's bed, amongst a sea of artifacts of the man's life like tokens left in a lost one's tomb.
. If you had taken her to a doctor-"
He carries both mugs back to the table and slides one over to Cas before taking the seat directly next to him. Technically this had already been Dean’s seat so really Cas is the one that sat next to him first. Technically.
"My point is, Cas thought he was doing the right thing-"
Dean slices clean through his thigh- Ishim has his hands on the collar of his shirt before he can even react, tossing him several feet across the room, back hitting the far wall. He shakes his head, the room spinning-
Sam found a case of
Cas sighs, "What do you wanna know?"
He'll have to make due with what he's got.
This peace offering, as innocuous and sincere as it may appear- is anything but. If there's anything he's learned over the years, it's that trust is the most dangerous weapon of all, and most are undeserving of it.
“So, you guys got leads on any hunts close by?” She peers at both men across the table, shoveling another fork full of flapjack into her mouth.
"Hello." He takes out his badge, making sure to flip it open the correct way, "I'm agent Beyoncé and this is my, um, my partner, Agent Zee." She merely glances down at the badge, so he pockets it again, "Um, we wanted to ask you a few questions about your bro-"
He softens, wondering how he might be able to appear less threatening- difficult part being he never truly considers himself all that threatening in a general sense so it's difficult to ascertain what he could do to aid in her comfort.
Dean tries for a grin, but it comes out more a weak grimace, and he shrugs, "Guess I’m just that irresistible."
hunched behind Rowena, eyes wide in terror- and Rowena, meanwhile, frowns furiously at Cas, her hands balled into fists at her sides.
Though, somehow, Sam hadn't really figured it out completely himself until Lucifer took Cas' body. After that, when he really thought about it- everything kind of clicked into place. The entire past decade watching the way these two interact, always slightly missing what was really happening beneath the surface. But when he realized, it came with a second revelation... how the hell had neither of
“Cas-“ Dean turns to Cas then, and the angel gives in to the overwhelming desire to touch... not even letting Dean finish his sentence before he breathes, “Dean!” And wraps his arms sturdily around both of his shoulders.
Sam's moving beneath his touch, seeming to look one direction, then another- but he hasn't said anything.
He’d seen pictures of John Winchester before of course, but they were all at least twenty years prior to the man's death, taken when Sam and Dean were still children in a world with Mary Winchester.
in case of an emergency. And Cas, in case he tracks down Kelly."
Cas: (unamused emoji)
Dean: but you too
"Well!" Jody lets out a fast breath, straightening, and looks between the brothers, "I think that calls for a drink. Beer?" She points at Dean, who nods, then Sam, "Beer?"
Because he was just drunk. And friends kiss each other when they're drunk sometimes. And then they just don't talk about it. Ever again. They act completely normal the next day and like nothing happened at all until they all just forget about it.
”Well, I think a bit of interference was necessary-“
it. Cause he always has to
"And you don't care who pays the price?"
"They're weird." She's breathing rapidly, as though doing something strenuous or rushing somewhere, very definitive.
Everyone's fucking trying but that doesn't mean a goddamn thing when nothing's being said. They're living out the equivalent of kicking dirt under the rug instead of hoofing it to find an actual dust pan. No real solution, just kind of burying it until it can't be buried anymore.
Dean hasn't uttered a word through any of this. Just going through the motions. Doing his part so Sam doesn't have to.
He'll be the first to admit that there are times he
She chuckles and grins, but seeing the morbid look on Cas' face makes it slip down again, eyes dropping back to her plate, pushing a hunk of meat around with her fork, "Just cause I know he was totally fine after, so that's..." She shakes her head, curls whipping messily around her face, "Dean told me awhile back that I should go easier on you cause the things you did, you did to save the world. I think... I definitely knew that, but I didn't really
"That's the thing, though. This doesn't feel...
”Oh, don’t start that-“
"Batteries still low?"
John side-eyes him but clicks a button, illuminating his face in dim blue light. "A deal?"
But Cas would ask himself that while watching Dean sleep with his boots on an a gun beneath his head, and he'd take away his nightmares and know it wasn't true. He's not simply a man.
"Dude, you've gotta chill out," Sam says, clearly trying hard to temper down a chuckle.
“Bed. Come on. Before I change my mind.”
He doesn't wanna know what Sammy saw. Or when. Or when he realized it wasn't just once. He doesn't wanna know what Sam walked in on, then quietly walked out and shouldered alone for a good twenty years after that.
Wasn't like it was his fault that time, either. Not that
It's not like he never noticed back then. If anything, he noticed
Dean jerks his head up, "What? And leave you here with her? Are you kidding me? She-"
He clears his throat, climbing in, "let's go."
Dean scoffs, kicking a rock into the fire, "Yeah? Like what?"
Slowly, achingly, Dean lowers his hand. Cas watches him, blinking through the movement. Both knowing that this choice- could kill Dean instead. It will. Trading one for the other.
"She tried to kill us." Dean says coldly.
"You- Well, where are you now?"
The simplicity of the life here is alluring in it's own way. It's not even all that different from he and his dad working together on the Impala when he was Elijah's age.
my father." Cas says short, clearly impatient, but warms and lowers his voice to Dean, "I'm sorry, I didn't want to add to what's already... on your plate."
Sam claps a hand on his shoulder and looks at him like he doesn't really believe that. Dean doesn't even believe it anymore. He's just saying things. Trying to get out of it. Trying not to feel this way. But Sam doesn't call him out on it, either. Not this time.
A minute passes, and Dean can
Crowley sees right through the entire sad little attempt.
. A former 'Angel of the Lord' in love with Dean Winchester, an emotionally stunted old hunter who drinks too much and has barely made an honest living in his life. Cas is so out of Dean's league it's stupid.
"I'm not
Gaze cold and unmoving from Dean's, he says evenly, "What the hell happened to you, Dean? You used to be a good soldier. Sometimes you lose people. So what? You pick yourself up and you keep fighting. The
It's Sam who breaks first. Dean hears them arguing when he gets out of the shower and starts padding down to the kitchen to whip up breakfast, slowing his steps.
Nothing. Not a single budge.
Dean jolts up. He needs to get a grip.
An alarm blares.
to be a lie. It's not-
Room 129 is in the center of the building's strip, right beside the staircase. He plants his feet, palm aimed flat towards the door, pulling a mass of energy from his grace's core- directing a pocket of it towards that plank of wood guarding the room- eyes blazing with that same force-
But that's the last prayer he sends. Against all logic, he pulls out his phone and calls three more times while pulling out of the lot, tires screeching through the turn. Any other day he might give a shit about that, but that day isn't today. They're just fucking tires on a stupid fucking car.
Dean helps his dad mop up the crime scene while Sam waits in the car... just like old times.
he's certain of. If Dean were bored of him, or even simply annoyed with him... he wouldn't go running off to Crowley next.
The demon screeches furiously, tossing Bucky to the ground, moving to step over him when dad starts on the remainder of the exorcism.
Dean tears his eyes away and stares down at the counter again, latching his focus on a stray droplet of condensation.
Dean: Only took a decade
Dean tosses down his fork, it clanks on the plate, "Fine, hold up." wipes off his mouth lazily with the corner of a napkin and tosses it on his plate, standing.
Rowena is seated in a large outdoor chair fashioned from what appears to be a fancy collection of branches, and overlooks the yard. She calmly takes a smooth sip from the mug in her lap and turns to the pair, holding it up with a grin, "Cup of tea?"
As they watch Jack light up his first fire, Cas is still looking at Dean like that. That sappy, drunk angel who's in love with him and looks at him like
"Yeah," Dean says, muffled, like he's running a hand down his face. It's hard to tell with him sometimes if his words actually land or help at all. "Yeah."
Crowley clicks his heel down, pausing in the threshold, "Just me."
But Dean can’t think about that right now. He'll be fine. Has to be.
feel it.
If he wasn't a fan of this guy before, he definitely isn't now. In fact, he's earned a hot spot in the Dean Winchester bible of shit-stains.
Sam and Dean settle on the sides of a couple of boxes across from them.
It's a couple more weeks- another case gone by, John still on the road solo- when the boys are in the Dakotas and decide to swing by Jody's to surprise her and the girls. Dean leans on the threshold and raps on the door a few times, Sam beside him with hands deep in his pockets. They're both clearly exhausted, winding down now that the adrenaline from the hunt has had the time to wear off.
"But I didn't mean it like that-" He huffs out a breath, feet shuffling, "Look, I just meant- half the time we're both so wrapped up in ourselves or each other, we forget Cas is going through the same thing half the time. He's just... quiet about it. He just takes it- like with Ishim. I mean, past six weeks haven't been easy on any of us, but they weren't easy on him, either...
She takes the glass on autopilot, eyes blearily roaming the space, "What- what- where am I?"
"Okay."
true, and you know it!"
Two steps from the freedom of outside air, and Jody inches in from the living room- probably been keeping an eye on them since she walked away. She always seems to have a knack for knowing when things are off-kilter between people.
Phone held above his head, a singular bar blinks in, then out. Dean's been following a line of streetlamps a good ten minutes without strolling into a single soul. A couple more lights stretch across the lawn, but he can't see past the line of trees in any direction to get a clear view of where he might be headed. All he can hope is that Chuck's not a total dick, and at least stuck him somewhere remotely close to Kansas. Dude likes his stories so much, though, maybe he'd pop Dean into Oz just for the hell of it.
The only good thing about the devil trying his hand at fatherhood is it gives them an in. Since it's likely he poked the holes in the condoms himself, Lucifer's gonna want to keep an eye out on Kelly- who Crowley's found is this year's Monica Lewinski and the most likely candidate for the lucky mother-to-be.
"It's cause I'm watching you, huh?" he barely holds back a smile.
Even though he knows with every bone in his body that that look Cas is shooting his way, that resolved calm, he's screaming
“Get ‘way,” Castiel begged, trying to push Dean’s hands away.
I thought I understood your longing – it looked so much like mine.
“Mmm.”
“Ishim killed her,” Dean corrected firmly. “You had no way of knowing. You had no way of stopping him.” Castiel didn’t respond, he couldn’t move past it, so Dean caught his gaze. “Hey. This is not your fault, okay?”
“I missed you, too,” Jack said before drawing back. “It’s been so busy; I was starting to worry I wouldn’t be able to come back down.”
Castiel grumbled softly as Dean got out the creamer but still held out his mug for Dean to add to until it was a little lighter in color.
“How did you get him back?”
“Finally free,” Dean summed up. He thought about the last few months, his own obsession with freedom. Sam’s statement was right—it was just them. They hadn’t reached out to anyone else yet, too overwhelmed with the implications of Chuck being defeated. That didn’t change the fact that Castiel wasn’t there to share it with them. Or Jack for that matter. He had been shoehorned into the position of God, had never gotten to be a kid. Dean’s heart ached in sympathy. If anything, Jack was more trapped than ever.
“Dean…”
Sam wasn’t wrong, but to Dean, it sure felt like Castiel was leaving. He was always leaving.
Dean felt a smile spread across his face.
“I’ll miss it.”
He couldn’t help grimacing at that last word and turned the music off rather than changing the station.
***Released early in anticipation of the virtual convention. Next chapter will be up Monday at 5pm EST as per usual
With that, he turned away and went back to sorting through and refolding the clothing in his chest of drawers. When he finished, he started straightening the lamp on his bedside table. Dean stayed where he was, watching and building up the nerve to ask a big question. Maybe he took too long.
“Kid, how about you put that stuff away?” Dean reached up to grab a frying pan. “I’ll make you breakfast.”
“No, she’s rebuilding part of Heaven.”
“Chuck brought friggin'
[Distinction between OUR Cas and previous forms. Remember who he is and what he is. But he’s still our angel. Still all Cas.]
Castiel looked so small huddled against the wall. He was drenched by the rain and shivering, obviously human.
[Nightmare. Cas thinks he's back in the Empty because he's more fucked than he lets on. Dean gets it; he's fucked in the head, too. They all are. This hits Castiel hard; it's been years since he last slept/had a nightmare. He's so incredibly out of his element and Dean is a comfort in the way his grace use to be, back when he was an angel. Dean takes him to the DeanCave to distract him because it's what Dean does for himself instead of drinking so much. They're all healing, slowly. Dean remembers Castiel's affinity for cartoons and seeing him read the Saturday Evening Post. Castiel is comforted by age, by relics, much like Mary was. Dean leaves the channel on some old cartoon channel rather than the shit early morning tv Cas binged on when he was depressed.]
“Well, how do I look?”
Dean felt his expression soften. “This is your home, and we
“In the real world, we brought you back. I went to the Empty for you. But you…you just won’t wake up. Maybe it’s all too much, reality…but we’re trying. Sam, and Jack, and I. We’ve been working on it for months, ever since you…ever since you died.”
Today was an alright day. Dean certainly didn’t feel happy, but he was functional. That was good enough, right? Sam sat across from him, diligently researching and looking to see if maybe witchcraft could help. It made Dean feel worse, to see Sam coping so well. Even with Cas gone, he could focus for more than half an hour at a time, yet here Dean was with twenty tabs and no idea what he was doing with any of them. One was an article about a pie fest coming to Akron, Ohio, but Dean closed it, unsure as to why it had been open in the first place. He would have time to eat pie after they got Cas back.
Cas comes closer and examines the decorations. There are ornaments - bulbs, icicles, ugly Santas - and colorful knick-knacks strewn all around. Cas grabs a straw star and lifts it up in front of his face.
"Well, you said it's about the way he acts around you, yeah?" Sam asks.
"They will look lovely on you," Cas says, tone entirely serious, and that makes Dean laugh. Sam can't help but laugh, too, and clamps one of the clips into his hair, and swishes his hair around like he's in a shampoo commercial.
worrying, Dean," Cas explains, as if Dean was the one who doesn't know what it's like to be human.
"Okay, okay," Cas says. "I give up." His eyes glisten as they bore into Dean's.
The start of the plan goes quite smoothly. Dean doesn't find a case for them, maybe hasn't even been looking, and Sam prepares a two-course menu: tomato soup with little cubes of stale bread (they have to get rid of it somehow), and an Asian dish he forgot the name of as soon as his eyes left the cookbook. They all dig in happily, and when their plates are empty Sam stacks them up and thrusts them into Dean's hands.
"You don't mean that," Cas says.
"The museum," Cas says, slowly opening his eyes.
"My lower back," Cas starts, and points to it awkwardly. "It's still hurting," he blatantly lies.
okay with that.
Maybe that's why it has never felt this sincere, this — intimate.
And beyond all of that waves and waves of guilt crashing into him. Guilt about lying to Dean and using him; Guilt so bitter and burning that Castiel's pillow ended up wet from tears for the second time that day.
Someone clears their throat below.
Cas looks at Sam, but doesn't say anything. Sam isn't an idiot, but he can be a jerk sometimes, so he makes no effort to shut up and instead says "That's such a thoughtful gift, Cas."
Dean's not going to admit that seeing Sam with old-people glasses makes him feel warm and safe. He's also not going to admit that the glasses actually look really good on Sam. Instead, he raises his hand in a peace sign and says "How many fingers am I holding up?"
But Dean simply nods at him and leaves.
Dean's breath hitches. He doesn't know what to do, so he does nothing. Then he feels icy fingers on his chin, gently pulling down. Dean lets himself be guided, and meets Cas' eyes for what feels like the millionth time today.
Sam manages to find a furnace to smelt the gold. They're not sure if that'll do the job, so they stay two more nights to make sure. Castiel's not feeling up to a long drive anyway.
Cas thinks, but says "I don't want him to stop."
part. But everything before and after that he's not good at, and he needs to learn it, which means the Winchesters have to teach him, as if they don't already have enough on their plate.
And before Dean has the chance to do something dumb he presses a clumsy kiss on Cas' damp, salty lips. Cas is warm and responsive, pulls when Dean pushes, and Dean lays a hand on his cheek and brushes the tear-stroked skin with his thumb until they break apart with heavy gasps a minute later.
It's a new thing.
, mind already somewhere else, probably going over their plan again. Meg shoots Dean a look he can't quite decipher as he leaves the cabin.
"He seems uncomfortable," Cas says, frowning at the thought.
"Sexy, huh?" Dean wiggles his toes. "Missing the boots, though."
, not when they're in his bedroom - the only room where he allows himself to think about Dean like that.
It takes Dean an excruciatingly long time to fall asleep that night, thinking about his conversation with Cas. After two hours of his friend's words echoing in his head (
The words tug on Sam's heart.
- jumping when their eyes meet.
Sam regards him with a raised eyebrow. "Why not?"
He stares for a minute, then another one.
Sam wants to reach through the wall, really be there. It seems like a different world to him, a better one, a world in color. Not as dreary and gray as on Sam's side.
"You alright?" Dean asks him as soon as they're outside watching Sam drive away. "Just a few more steps."
so much more, so much more distinct," he says. "The sunshine, the flowers, the bees, this tree," he gives the branch a gentle pat, "even myself." He turns to face Dean again. "And you."
Minutes pass, and Dean flexes his muscles in an attempt to keep himself awake and alert. He doesn't know how long he can do this, how long it will take until sleep will overcome him, but he has to try to delay it as much as possible.
Dean can't help but smile at that, and turns away again. "You're really gonna stand there all night?"
"I found a case for us in Colorado," Cas says and points at the photo in the news article.
Sam chuckles. "Are you gonna decorate them too?"
It's not okay.
It's cracked and bitter and tastes like death and dying, but it's there.
Cas starts feeling better on the third day since his injury, and they leave town, counting themselves lucky that the spirit seems to have vanished. Dean insists on sitting next to Cas, in the middle seat, in case Cas starts feeling worse again. Sam is driving, and he keeps shooting glances into the rearview mirror to catch a glimpse of them, so Dean doesn't dare touch Cas even though he desperately wants to.
"How are you feeling?"
- his actual, human
"Made Cas work hard for those cookies, huh?" Sam asks in Dean's direction.
Dean nods at him. "I know you don't like...
"What do we say?" Sam scolds him.
When Castiel becomes human he isn't the only one who needs time to adjust. Sam and Dean have to deal with it too. And it's hard to think about, and Dean feels wrong thinking it, but they lost their best asset, the ace up their sleeve.
"I will eat exactly a third of them," Cas promises, eyes still on the prize.
it. Now he does.
Step.
Sam wonders what they're talking about. If they would mind him hearing, if it's private. He ponders this often. What do his brother and Cas talk about when he's not in the room? Does Dean entrust Cas to secrets he keeps from Sam? They undoubtedly have a connection that Sam doesn't have with either of them, but does this mean that they conceal things from him? Is Sam just standing on the sidelines? A third wheel?
He stares until he re-lived the whole scene ten times, and only then he fully grasps what the hell just happened.
Cas feels hopeful at that, but the thought of confronting Dean quickens his pulse. It's still too difficult, too daunting.
Dean grins. "You heard the man, Cas," he teases. "Get your sweet ass up there."
And they love him still, obviously, no question about that. Dean even feels he loves Cas more now: loves the visual of Cas brushing his teeth, loves the sound of Cas' soft snoring, even loves how Cas smells like sweat after hunts.
He managed to not give in this time. But he's weak, and tired. And as he's sitting on his bed, hearing footsteps approaching in the hallway - unmistakably Dean's - he gives up. Just like that. It's another first.
's mysterious death was gruesome enough to be mentioned in the town's record not once, not twice, but three times." Sam frowns at Dean's makeshift bed. "Also, I would never shoot you for money."
Cas pulls back as if Dean gave him an electronic shock and apologizes, and Dean wants to tell him that he's not mad, he's not upset, just surprised, but all that comes out is a weak "Cas..." and before he can will his body to move, Cas is gone.
"I'm not-" Dean starts, but thinks better of it. "Okay."
Dean gets hurt badly one day - it's his leg - and after that, they don't really do cases anymore.
"Is it helping?"
Cas beams at him, shutting out the guilt as best he can. "Thank you, Dean."
Dean continues to look at Cas, who doesn't seem to either notice or think it important enough to comment on, which is good because Dean doesn't ever want to stop looking. He doesn't even know why. He just likes the way Cas' lips silently repeat some of the more confusing dialog, or the way the bad jokes tug on the corner of Cas' mouth, or the way his eyes seem to droop more and more as the movie progresses. He looks at the wrinkles at his eyes and feels warm inside, wondering if they've always been there or if Cas has been a human long enough to age, and he looks at the mess of Cas' hair, thinks about how badly he wants to run his fingers through it to mess it up even more, make it look wild like when they first met in that barn when sparks were flying all around them.
"Cas," Dean starts once he's close enough. Cas doesn't react, just keeps caressing the plants.
"Last night, when I was trying to fall asleep," he begins awkwardly, knowing very well that Dean misses context here, "I thought maybe I could do it, but I can't, I think," he says.
It's just a few more hours until Christmas eve, and Sam finished putting up the tree. It reaches the ceiling of the bunker; it's big and wild, just perfect.
Cas and Sam stare at Dean, but Dean just laughs it off. "Come on," he mutters and promptly adds another strip of lametta to Cas' hair.
"I...
"Dean," Cas starts, wide, crystal-blue eyes on Dean. "I lov—"
"Hell, I wouldn't mind if you did it again," Dean says with a chuckle, and feels a blush spread over his neck. He's playing with the hem of his shirt, searching for something to grab onto.
Castiel starts picking up the pots from the table, feeling lost.
Cas furrows his brows at Sam.
"What about this," Sam says. "Unless Dean finds a case for us until noon, I'm cooking dinner. I'm going to tell you and Dean to clean up afterward. You'll have your moment then."
"I recognize it," Sam says, and pauses for effect. "It's a symbol of new love."
"I'll, uhh, I'll go talk to him," Dean says after staring at the door for a minute. Cas rushed out of it a few moments ago when the Winchesters and Meg kept trying to convince him to help fight the leviathans.
Cas falls asleep before Dean returns.
about loving Cas, instead of saying it.
powerful, he could magic away most bruises and tears. It was his thing. His
do it for me?"
"Want me to help?" Sam offers.
Sam takes one look at the pair of them strolling into the war room - Dean flustered and Cas smiling delicately - and somehow he just
"Don't be stupid, Cas," Dean says, but his voice is full of adoration. "You're learning. It's okay." He lets go of Cas and raises his shirt to reveal his abdomen. Pointing at one of the scars, he says, "See this? Didn't know how to deal with it, so it didn't heal properly. Shouldn't have left a scar, but it did, 'cause I was stupid."
"That would be appreciated, I suppose," he says. It's not quite frank either, he doesn't
"A special something for my old man," Dean teases.
"Cookie cutters," Dean explains, and Cas meets his eyes and nods, towel and plate still in his hands. He looks at the shapes a while longer, then goes back to drying off dishes. Dean huffs, unsatisfied with Cas' reaction. He picks out one of the cutters and slides it towards Cas. When Cas doesn't look at it, Dean puts a hand on Cas' hip and tugs gently. Cas looks up like a deer in headlights, staring first at Dean and then, at Dean's nod downwards, at the cookie-cutter. It's the shape of an angel.
It's December 7th, and it's the first frosty day of the season. The bunker's heating system is turned up slightly more than usual, and its inhabitants stir in their beds as they slowly wake up.
Soon after that Dean goes to prepare their holiday meal - burgers. Sam and Cas join him in the kitchen to help and chat about Sam's new fancy book while Dean flips burger patties in silence.
Sam smiles a sad smile at him and steps closer. "Cas... It's okay. You don't have to say it. I know what you mean. I think Dean would understand too, even if you're not sure how to say it. Just talk to him, it'll be alright. I promise."
So for now Sam is going to gently shove his bunkermates in the right direction (which, of course, is towards each other) and hope that that jumpstarts the fluffy romance Sam's been waiting for since the apocalypse. (Hold on, is Sam being creepy about this? No. No, he's right about this. He knows his brother well enough to know that Dean's head over heels for Cas.)
Cas' expression is hard to read, so Dean looks up at the sky, letting snowflakes land on his face.
Sam and Cas are in the kitchen doing the dishes - Sam washes the plates and Cas towels them off - when Dean returns from his grocery trip. He sets down the heavy bag next to the fridge, then throws his hands up into the air as he steps closer to his brother and Cas.
Cas says.
Dean smiles weakly at the angel, and finally that lopsided grin spreads on Cas' face again.
They agreed on small, simple presents.
Sam just tells him that he's happy for them, but he doesn't make any promises on the comments-part.
"Good morning," he says cheerfully, and Cas grimaces.
When Castiel finally did fall asleep it was to the image of spending the rest of his short human life with Dean, helping, learning, watching... but never having.
Cas hesitates. He doesn't want to keep up the lie. "Yes." Guilt is filling up his stomach.
Dean continues to mouth along next to Cas's ear, not close enough to be intimate but close enough to make Cas' face flush red, Sam notices as his eyes flicker back and forth between Dean and Cas.
"I'll go to the front desk and ask for a bucket. You, stay," Dean commands. "Be back in a sec," he adds in a softer tone.
He didn't need pity. Not from Cas.
By the time they finally put lametta on all parts of the tree, Sam is done with ornaments and is already putting on the string of lights. He would prefer candles, but this is what they have, and introducing a fire hazard to the bunker wouldn't be the smartest thing he's done in this life.
The beating in his head is quiet but there. It grows louder when Dean relaxes and closes his eyes, so he doesn't. He shuffles, turns and turns again, catches a glance of Cas' silhouette in the darkness.
Okay, maybe that's a bit mean, but hey, Sam's losing sleep over this.
Dean's heart jumps. "Yeah, okay," he chuckles quietly, eyes flicking around the room.
Sam talks to Dean about it - about how hard it is, about getting old, about the possibility of retiring one day - and Dean brushes it off, acts like he's still 26 with a give-'em-hell attitude and sunkissed skin, tells Sam that they should be grateful it's mostly easy hunts instead of the apocalypse, or demons with a flashy new eye color, or god, or whatever else they've had to deal with in the past.
No response. He dares to open the door a crack and sticks his head in. "It's Christmas," he announces gently. His eyes fall on the bed, where he sees Cas pressed up to Dean's back, and clears his throat. Cas' eyes open slowly.
Now that Cas is looking at him like
When Dean turns around, Cas is standing in the doorway. His head and shoulders are whitened with snow, his nose and cheeks red.
"Uhm, Cas, did you forget to get me something?" Dean asks, making sure the hurt isn't recognizable in his voice.
Dean. He wants him, but he can't have him. He feels like a child throwing a tantrum with kicks and screams,
Cas' lips curl into a smile around the cup.
feels it. And really, Dean doesn't have time for that. That's what he tells himself, anyway.
a little bit of an idiot, staying awake sometimes, pondering why
, as Dean liked to call it, was the one thing he could do, the one thing he depended on. He didn't think about the possibility of that thing being gone someday, disappearing with his grace and his wings. And the problem with being a one-trick-pony is, of course, that when you can't do the trick anymore you're just a pony, and a useless one at that.
"Oh," Dean's good mood is back instantly. "It's fine, I'll go first." He picks up the last present and hands it to Cas.
"You want me to—?" Cas asks. Dean can't even make out his lips moving, only sees the looming shadow of the angel standing there.
Cas lets out a shaky breath and gasps for more air, and arches his back into Dean's touch.
hair clips," Dean specifies, pointing at them, and Sam scoffs.
Sam nods with a chuckle and slips into the bathroom, locking the door behind him.
. Stop acting like an overprotective boyfriend."
Cas glances at him, cup at his mouth, but not drinking.
When Dean and Cas arrive in the living room ten minutes later, Dean's face is still flushed red. Cas shoots Sam a quick awkward glance, but is immediately distracted by the sight of the Christmas tree and gifts.
A soothing hand begins to caress his back, and Cas leans into the touch, calming down after a few minutes when his stomach is finally empty. He breaths heavily, spit hanging from his mouth, acidic taste burning his tongue.
"Not in the way—"
They finish, and Cas grabs a kiwi from the fruit basket Sam put on the counter. As he cuts it open he thanks Sam for buying the food.
Sam takes Cas shopping now and again, and each time Cas picks a small trinket or snack to give to Dean for when they return to the bunker. But one day, a Thursday in May, he keeps his gift in his pocket, waiting for a better moment, and regardless: when they come home Dean is in a bundle of blankets on the couch watching
"Because." Cas rolls his eyes and sighs.
"I mean," Sam continues, "Do you want him to change the way he acts, or tell him that you're okay with it?" he explains.
"You're creepy," he jokes. His voice is strikingly loud in the dark.
"Why should we spend our time fighting and waring when we could be gentle and loving instead?" he says, expecting no answer.
It's hard, it's tiring, it's stressful, and it's
"Uhm," Sam says awkwardly but with a smile, "The tree is done. Hit the lights?"
Sam smiles and shakes his head, turning away to make some finishing adjustments to the tree.
Dean claps his hands softly. "Alright, that's enough." He clears his throat and crawls off the bed to stand, leaving Castiel feeling very light but also cold.
In short, he's human, and Dean knows it. And knows that Sam knows it.
Dean's hands are still on him, pressing here and there, less soft now, stronger, Dean is putting his weight into it. It crumples Cas' shirt and pulls it out of his pants, and it travels up a few inches, exposing his skin to the cool air. Dean tugs on it, drags it upwards as far as it goes, and he presses a flat palm on Cas' skin, hot, steady.
Dean tries his best to stay calm when dealing with Cas in such a state. Sam offers ever-patient support to them both, taking over for Dean when Dean has had enough, or distracting Cas when he feels a bickering fight starting up again. It's exhausting for everyone.
"Cas, please let me in. We gotta talk."
, strange, unknown. Again and again, Castiel has to deal with a first time. The sensation of something being stuck in his throat. Words not coming out when he wants them to. Shaky hands. There seems to be an endless amount of things, and each time he discovers a new one he sinks further into the hole he's hiding in, attempting an escape from it all but only finding himself deeper in his own thoughts.
Soon the first box of decorations is used up, and Sam opens the next one. This one is full of lametta. Metallic golden and silver, glittering strips, many packages of them, filling up the whole box.
Dean looks down and sees Sam, hands in the pockets of his jacket, hair tucked behind his ears. He looks somewhat puzzled.
"Fine," Dean says, sits down on the bed, wiggling out of his shoes. He hesitates then, shooting a glance at Cas — still on the other side of the room, watching him — before checking for the gun under his pillow.
"Oh," is all Cas can get out. Dean's hand is still on his hip, softer now, almost hovering over the skin, but not quite. The points of contact seem to burn hot.
So Dean gets up, he takes his shower, he stops himself from thinking about Cas during that, he scrambles those eggs, he sips his coffee, and he watches as Cas moves to the couch to watch TV, and he asks Sam if there's a new hunt, and when there is, he drives them there, and back, and he takes care of Sam and Cas, and Sam takes care of him, and it all starts again from the top, like a broken record player or a movie left on repeat.
, but right afterwards there's a flutter of wings somewhere above him, and Dean looks up to see Cas sitting on one of the tree's thick branches.
Dean doesn't say anything anymore, just lies there and feels Cas' eyes burning into his back. He thinks Cas is going to turn around and leave, walk back to his own bedroom like any normal person would. But of course Cas doesn't. Instead, Dean feels the bed tip towards the other side as Cas sits down at the edge of it.
"Chose those for you," Dean explains, voice not quite as cool as he hoped.
Rivers of tears are wetting his cheeks and blurring his vision, his heart's stuck in his throat, choking him, and through it all, he
"Sammy, commotion at the so-called 'Heritage Center'. I'm guessing it's our Casper," Dean shouts through the door.
"Pie," comes Cas' guess as he continues to dry the dishes. It isn't a bad guess.
"I can help you," he says.
Dean's annoyed that he gets a question as an reply and doesn't even consider answering it. "Fine, don't tell me."
Not the way he used to be, back when he was an angel. Fighting wars for heaven was exhausting and difficult, but Castiel was never
It's also really damn annoying, though. Especially during hunts. And even more especially,
When they get into the car again Dean chooses the seat behind Sam, and Cas moves, with no hint of hesitation, towards the middle to sit right next to him. Sam's "No shotgun?" is ignored by both of them.
"I cooked, you clean up," he says to both of them, meeting Cas' eyes for a fraction of a second. Dean is too full to complain, so he takes the plates and lets the sink run full with water.
A minute passes, maybe two. Finally, the hammering subsides, and Dean is left with nothing but stillness. He meets his own gaze in the mirror and breathes slowly, once, twice, blinking the dizziness away. Whenever Michael is quiet Dean can almost pretend that everything is okay.
"About?" Dean asks.
Sam is the first to wake up in the morning. He makes himself a light smoothie for breakfast, not wanting to ruin his appetite for the large meal they have planned for later. He does grab a cookie from the tray on the kitchen table though, because he's only human. The other bedroom doors stay closed, so Sam decides to finish preparing the tree, dimming the ceiling lights and switching on the tree's string of lights. He even bought a bunch of fake candles, which he spreads around the room, then he starts up an instrumental Christmas playlist and steps back to admire his work, trying not to look at the presents under the tree too closely, as to not spoil the surprise later. He sits down criss-cross on the carpet, and stares up to the tree, waiting for the others to wake up.
Dean unloads a stack of decoration boxes he found stashed away somewhere onto the floor next to the tree. He wipes the sweat from his forehead, rolls up his sleeves and opens the topmost box. Sam takes a look at the contents, Dean steps back and fixes his eyes on Cas.
Once, in winter, Sam cleans the snow off Baby after taking her for a drive, and Dean presses the keys into Sam's hand and says "She's yours now, brother," and Sam damn nearly cries.
"...'s too early," Dean insists, and rolls away from Cas' touch.
, but Sam answers "One more hour, give or take," and stops for gas. While Cas is in the restroom Dean buys him a cereal bar ("for strength"), which Cas gratefully accepts with a soft "Thank you, Dean" and a smile that could give you diabetes. Dean does not miss Sam's amused headshake.
"Shit, Cas, it's probably a concussion," Dean's voice says somewhere close to him. "Sam, can you finish off the spirit? I need to get Cas back to the hotel."
"No. Not as long as you can breathe fine," Sam says seriously, calming him down. That poor man is already dealing with Dean being all over him.
"I'm sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," the angel says, worry on his face as clear as the bags under his eyes. He looks just as exhausted as Dean feels. This whole situation is taking a toll on everyone.
Cas seems to sense it, because a few moments later he's dropping his trenchcoat, carelessly abandoning it on the floor. He climbs into bed in what seems to be slow motion, and the weight of his body dips the mattress, almost sending Dean tumbling in his direction. Cas props himself up against the headboard, leaning on the wall, and turns his head towards him with a sigh.
Castiel shakes his head. "Is that supposed to make me feel better?"
"I've wanted to do that for a long time," Cas explains, a blush spreading over his nose and cheeks.
"Look, I get it. Make love, not war, right?" Dean says, and lifts Cas' chin with a soft touch.
"But you've made a mistake, and now you're carrying it around with you." Cas raises his arm and hovers his hand next to the scar. He doesn't dare touching Dean's bare skin,
Cas does try to relax, but it's almost impossible with the feeling of Dean on him, touching him. And besides, the massage itself really did feel amazing.
But he doesn't say anything, keeps his mouth shut and his breath held, face in pillow, fingers clutching the bedsheets.
"Cas..." Dean moves his hand on the counter, grabs Cas' wrist gently. Cas' grip on the towel tightens.
Dean is spared from having to answer when their police radio crackles and reports of an unexplained incident come in. They look at each other, and Dean throws his fist against the bathroom door while Cas gathers their weapons.
"Dean, relax."
Dean says — with a smirk on his face and mock poise — that it's because he has an angel watching over him. But Cas isn't an angel anymore, not really. And he snores just as loud as Dean, and is twice as grumpy in the morning, and is increasingly dependent on regular caffeine intake.
"I..." Cas hesitates. "I don't know what there is to talk about, and that's what bothers me."
Cas nods and lets Dean guide him to their hotel room with a hand on his shoulder. Once inside, Dean wants to push Cas down to sit on the bed so that he can examine him closer, but Cas beelines to the bathroom, stomach twisting and turning.
They stand like this for a few minutes before Cas says "I like snow."
Fingertips start pressing Cas' his skin, right above his hips, massaging softly. Cas is glad he had the foresight to hold his breath, because he almost lets a groan escape from his lips.
A small whine comes from inside the room. Dean waits patiently until he hears footsteps. The lock turns, the door stays closed, however, and then the footsteps walk away again.
It's mostly quiet. They've all had a long day, and they all will have to get up early to wrap the case up before anyone else gets hurt. Cas and his brother are probably in bed already, like Sam, lights shut off, maybe tossing and turning like he does. But every now and again pieces of muffled conversation float over. Sam can't make it out, not even a single word, but he recognises Dean's voice, softer, more intimate than he's used to, but unmistakably Dean's. Sometimes a gruff reply from Cas' side.
Whatever.
"M-my eyes?" Dean asks, not sure if he heard correctly.
, he adds in his thoughts.
Cas offers him the flower pot and Dean takes it carefully, avoiding looking at Cas' eyes. He spends the rest of the morning looking at the flower whenever he felt the urge to look at Cas. Sam turns up the music at one point, and Dean keeps his eyes on Cas' gift for the entire duration of a song Cas seems to enjoy enough to hum to.
is especially hard. "I'm having trouble sleeping."
Dean briefly closes his eyes in disbelief. "Cas, it's not like this is Sam and I's idea of a summer vacation, alright? We have to do this. We
The end of the bed tips down as Dean crawls on, and a moment later he's straddling Castiel's hips.
Cas looks back over his shoulder away from their hideout, staring into the distance where the sun is slowly starting to set.
Sam Winchester's patience is running low.
"It's in my bedroom," Cas explains. "I couldn't wrap it. Should I go get it?"
on Cas. He wants to take him out to dinner, hold his hands, watch bad movies while cuddling against him, feel his stubble on his own cheek, and yes, he wants to press his fingers into the skin right above Cas' hip which is flashing him so delightfully at this very moment.
understand. Is this— is this just how you are from now on?" It sounds a bit harsher than he intended.
"Well," Dean says, but Cas interrupts him.
"No," Cas says before he has the chance to lie again.
The movie is about a big city hotshot who warms up to the idea of Christmas through his love for the awkward new coworker. Dean hates it, frankly, but Cas seems to be enthralled by it, and that makes it endurable. Dean finds himself watching Cas more often than the tv screen though, taking in his reactions to every little interaction, dialogue, and plot point. Even with the Winchester's best efforts Cas still hasn't seen many movies, and his resistance to lazy tropes and recycled plots always make watching a movie an experience.
Cas seems to understand this, and remains still.
You see, that room next door is almost the same as this one. Stained carpeted floor, low cealing, obnoxiously blue partition, beige toilet and sink, complimentary scratch pad on the tiny wooden table. Most importantly, though, it has the same amount of beds: one (king-sized, that is).
The Heritage Center has many stuffed versions of local animals, on display with walls of information about them. There's even a dinosaur model.
Dean's heart breaks from guilt, and he takes a step closer to the tree and reaches up towards where Cas is sitting. He tests if the branch will hold his weight, and it seems more than sturdy enough, so he grabs it hard with both his hands and launches himself up, pulling his legs up behind him, and then one of them over the branch to straddle it. He's facing Cas, who has quietly regarded him throughout the whole thing.
Cas chuckles at that, and Dean looks at Cas and thinks
"You...
, and drops his hand from Cas' face.
, and Dean shoots a
." He pats Castiel's shoulder. "You wouldn't survive without me," he jokes.
Sam is being clever with his gifts. He buys them online and jogs to the nearest post office to pick them up. When he returns to the bunker, his brother and Castiel are still asleep, so he uses the time to wrap the presents with old newspapers, which he thinks has a certain charm to it. He puts a Christmas bow on top of them as a finishing touch though, just so that Dean won't complain about them looking sad. He hides them in the giant closet in his room, knowing that Dean won't look there, and telling Cas that December isn't a good time to be snooping around.
He didn't expect these feelings to turn bitter after a while.
Dean turns to walk away. "G'night, Cas."
"Its pollen can be used for warding magic," Cas says, "In case you don't know what to do with it. I know flowers are not..."
Sam can hear his brother moving around.
An affirmative grunt from Dean. Shuffling.
thinking it, files the butterflies he feels away somewhere, and finally drifts into sleep. Because that's the Winchester way.
They return to the hotel room - two kings and a pull-out couch - soon afterward, and Dean offers Cas one of the beds, having listened to Cas complaining about his lower back for the last few minutes.
"Dean, your brother is right, you mustn't worry about me so much. The tingles are already subsiding," Cas agrees.
So, Sam thinks, and makes a list in his mind:
at him, and after that Sam mostly keeps his eyes glued to the screen, smiling to himself.
"Dean," Cas breaths into him, eyelids still closed, one hand clutching at Dean's shirt.
Cas drops his head in thought.
After going through the news articles and the plan, Sam starts quizzing Cas on practical medicine, and Cas does rather well, motivated by Dean listening intently from behind the steering wheel.
"Well, not nothing." Dean slumps against the backrest of the couch. "Sometimes a massage helps."
"So," Dean's voice is rough in the mornings, "Sleep well?"
Dean closes his eyes, heart beating fast, and prays that his voice won't waver when he speaks.
"I see you squinting at books, jerk," Dean says.
Cas doesn't react, just stands still with a relaxed expression. Happy.
Cas ignores it.
A second passes before Dean lets go of the hem of his shirt and it falls down to cover him again. Cas pulls his arm back quickly.
Sam gives him his best bitchface. "Sure, when he dies from a frickin'
Cas nods again. "Thank you, Sam. I will try." He starts walking towards the door. "Also, that fruit does not taste good, it makes my tongue feel fuzzy," he says and is out of the kitchen before Sam can say anything else.
Cas can understand that a bit better now. He feels love for Sam, but he loves him differently than he loves Dean.
Dean looks sad now, awfully so, and the sight of it fills Cas with remorse. Dean doesn't say anything for a while, and Cas thinks maybe he's waiting for him to elaborate.
"I-" for a second it seems like Cas is going to fight it, lie about not doing such a thing, but he concedes. "I'm sorry if it makes you uncomfortable."
Blood is rushing through his ears as he begins to leave the kitchen, slow and almost mechanical. One step in front of the next.
"Dean." It sounds pained, tortured.
"You'll be more vulnerable if you are sleep-deprived. Get some rest." Cas draws back his hand. "I'll make sure nothing happens while you're asleep."
"Merry Christmas," Cas whispers, lips close enough to brush over Dean's.
Shit, it's not like it's new. Or unexpected.
It's sunny outside. Birdsong and leaves rustling in the wind give a dangerous aura of peace and safety as Dean takes a few steps down the path, the gravel crunching under his shoes. He doesn't have to go far to find Cas. The angel is standing under a tree, gazing at a patch of dandelions. His hair is a bit messy, and he has that airy expression on his face that tells Dean that he's about to deal with some crazy again.
Then Cas,
"No problem. I woke up kinda early today. Why are you up already, anyways?" Sam asks him.
He stares at the towel on the counter, where just a moment ago he was holding Cas and trying to get him to explain.
Sam clears his throat.
Dean nods.
"- With you," Cas finishes reluctantly. "Or rather... Without you."
"Then I still win, because you'll be doing the dishes either way," Sam teases. In a more serious tone, he adds, "He won't bite. Just don't let him shake you off. He doesn't like-"
Dean returns the favor whenever Cas is fed up with Sam's attempts at teaching Cas anything above basic first-aid. Dean gets it, reassures Cas, praises him, tells him that everyone would feel a bit woozy at the sight of this much blood, catches Cas when he faints, moves strands of hair on Cas' sweaty forehead, and taps his cheek's lovingly to get him conscious afterwards.
"Well, if it makes you feel any better, that
Sam looks over at Cas, runs his gaze over him for a second. "They look normal to me."
Sam chuckles. "You mean, your stomach twists, you start feeling dizzy, your hands are shaking, ...?"
"Cas, of course I like you like this," he says finally, and inches a bit closer, careful not to lose his balance. "It's just... You're different than before."
Sam huffs. Dean is right of course, but that doesn't make this any less mortifying. "Thanks," he says.
Sam smiles at him. "Yeah, it takes some people a lifetime to learn." He grabs the knife and washes the kiwi bits off it. "Anything in particular on your mind?"
Sam just lets out a
Cas takes a moment to compose himself and does.
He jumps when there's a rap on his door. It's Cas, and he looks apologetic as he enters.
. They're not going to figure it out themselves. No pining or staring contest that Sam isn't invited to will make up for apparently-dead-or-unused brain cells.
Dean's expression turns concerned. "Do what?"
me?" Dean asks, unsure. He wants to joke about it, but somehow the chuckle is stuck in his throat.
They put on their winter coats and boots (a recommendation by Dean, because Cas doesn't seem to think it necessary - he hasn't been human for long, after all) and Dean even slips on a winter hat he finds in the pocket of Sam's coat. They exit the bunker, cold wind blowing at them as they step outside. It's not late, but dark except for the single light at the bunker's entrance. They stay close to it to stay inside the protective spells and light. A blanket of clouds is covering the sky, and big scattered snowflakes fall down onto the men.
Cas scoffs, clearly amused.
Cas doesn't smile. He pulls a face, as if Dean stabbed him in the heart, instead of having promised to always be by his side.
Sam, who's sitting in the armchair on Cas' other side, looks at the mug and then at Dean.
When they finally arrive in Cripple Creek they check into the Gold King Mountain Inn: a bit pricy, one of the few choices in the former gold mining town, and affordable as long as they don't stay a whole week. The room is comfortable, and Dean wishes they could just stay in and enjoy the hotel's offers (there's a pool, dammit!), but they set out to find the eyewitnesses and relatives of the vics. Sam hits up the Wildwood Casino to talk to one of the managers there, a burly man who apparently has not only witnessed one but both of the murders, while Dean and Cas check out the small museum on the south end of the same street, which is owned by the family of one of the victims.
Cas doesn't say anything, so Dean clears his throat and asks "So... d'you wanna give this" - he gestures back and forth between them - "a try?"
hunts.
Cas' voice asks a question. There's a creak, a moment passes, and Dean replies, quieter than before. Sam wishes he could bang his fist to the wall and its ugly, yellow wallpaper and shout at them to shut the hell up. But he knows it's not their fault that he hasn't had enough sleep lately. That he's irritated. And jealous.
Dean gets serious. "If you don't like them I can return them and you can pick a pair yourself."
"You can't do it on yourself," Dean chuckles nervously. "And I doubt Sam would do it for you."
Cas nods as if that was all the reply he needed. Their eyes meet for a moment, and Dean shys away from them, fearing how well Cas could read him.
"Dean," the former angel says, voice low and rough.
Dean doesn't know if Sam feels the same way. He tried asking him about it once, but it's really difficult to ask "Hey, does your heart skip a beat when you see Cas yawn?" or "Sammy, do you ever think about Cas when you're about to fall asleep, just so maybe he appears in your dreams?" so Dean ended up stuttering and blushing and steering the conversation back to the topic of the dinner they were eating.
, but... details.
"You're right," Cas says.
They share a look, and Dean clears his throat.
Dean sighs. "There's something you need to know," he pushes out. It sounds more serious than he planned.
"It doesn't," Dean says truthfully. "I just want to know why."
There is no way in heaven or hell that he can see this for the rest of his life, not allowed to touch, barely allowed to look, and not lose his mind.
Cas sees right through him. It's obvious by the way the corners of his mouth travel up ever so slightly. Bastard.
Cas wipes his mouth and tries very hard to believe him. He stares into the toilet bowl for a few more minutes, spitting occasionally. After a while, Dean gets up and hands him some tissues and a glass of water. Cas accepts them gratefully and cleans himself up.
He didn't get a goodnight from Dean today, just a curt "See ya". He didn't get an "I love you" either, not even the ones he used to share with his brother — nicknames and teasing and hair ruffling and "If you're in the bathroom in the next ten seconds you can shower first."
"Alright."
Cas' eyes meet his. "Dean..."
"I know you said you wouldn't want to give me a massage. I just thought... maybe I can change your mind."
Cas' lips go flat in an enigmatic expression as he tilts his head.
He's often thought that some of the angels may have been right- laying his hand on Dean in the pits of Hell changed him irreversibly in a way that's never happened to any angel in all of time before. He touched the painting, just as Eve ate the apple. But hadn't she, too, merely been wanting for the great promise- free will?
"What do you want, Dean?" Cas prods again, gently, trying to ease Dean to the words.
to find that Grimoire."
They sit in silence a long time. John finishes his drink but doesn't ask for another until it's gearing up towards midnight.
Cas: How am I the mother
Dean's halfway down the hall when he calls over his shoulder, "Jack, put on your shoes we're leaving in ten."
”Been a little busy, Sam. Didn’t come up.” He forces out, stiff, still staring intently at the table.
Dean doesn’t go after John. He doesn’t go back into the room either.
"Nah, they're keeping an eye out, but... Rowena blasted him to the bottom of the ocean."
She shakes her head, seething, hands in small fists at her side, "Until you forced me to get back in the game, I'd tried to
He stuffs a couple of bills into the tip jar as the woman hands off the coffee, and nods in thanks, glancing at Dean once more before turning back to John at the table ahead.
goddamn time Cas doesn't answer his fucking phone-
Yeah... he's worried too.
John doesn't ask, that would be too obvious, but the man isn't stupid. Dean knows how his mind works: Weapon he's never seen, creature he's never met. Cas' wary glare. Wouldn't take a genius to connect those dots and realize that's probably a heavenly weapon.
Sam's nodding again, watching Cas carefully pocket the little piece of plastic in his inner jacket pocket.
Rowena gapes, huffing out a sharp breath and sweeping her arms wide in mock-offense, "I
Sam snorts, "Yeah, she's uh, she's great."
In the bunker you can't always tell outright what time of day it is with the lack of anywhere at all for sunlight to filter in. But there's still other ways you can know, if you pay attention to the bones of the building.
Cas breathes out a soft laugh and murmurs, "I don't think that'll be necessary."
Maybe Dean and Cas have always been right, in not imagining up a good future for themselves. Sam's gone back and forth, but maybe he's fooling himself more than the others if he never even figured a Dean who might drift away from dementia or something equally as mundane.
His tone calms as he speaks, greying bits of his own skin spreading like a plague across his face.
”In that case, yes, I’ll try some. Thank you.” He nods in appreciation.
It's not like he's sore this morning, so whoever
John stops just outside the door, slowly turns the door handle, readying to swing it open.
"'Wendigo?' Is that, uh-" Dean starts, but Bucky turns to the room again at the mention of the same trigger-word.
. If anything, it was simply more intense. And it gave me a certain understanding of what those feelings actually were."
The double doors on the opposite end of the room swing open, and Dean starts for him, yelling a cut off, "Sam!"
game night.
Cas: I will (eyeroll emoji, thumbs up emoji)
"Yeah, but we don't know- we don't-" The phone shuffles on the other end, clamoring onto the table.
don't let me hear whatever word Dean's about to use to describe the creepy way he looks at Cas." Claire groans, dragging her feet in the room shoulder to shoulder with Alex, both squinting like the overheads personally offend them, "I already wanna puke."
Sam sputters, backtracks, "I mean, Dean, we just keep digging ourselves into a hole and the only way out is to keep digging deeper."
"Hello, lads." Mick half-smiles, albeit a bit tentatively, likely knowing the kind of reaction his presence is gonna have here now in this clearing.
It's not like this should be breaking news. It probably started way back with the apocalypse if he really thinks back and wants to put a date on it.
All that, and it takes him far too long to realize exactly
, the trunk opens behind him, "I paint in
"Morning, guys..."
They round the corner, one after the other, and Dean’s gaze finds Cas immediately, slouched off to the right in one of the chairs at the table, an empty teacup in front of him and his head propped in one hand. It's a very human gesture, really, and it makes Dean smile.
"Hm, impressive," She says.
"No," Sam holds up a finger, locking eyes, because this isn't something to just let go.
Sam mustn't know about the beatings, then- in addition to what Dean admitted to Cas last night. There's likely a great deal more that neither of them know, that only Dean keeps closed down and tied up tight. It's not within the realm of Cas' business to delve deeper into any of these facts, so he simply stays silent. Sam doesn't seem to be looking for much of a response anyway. It's not like anything can be done today in regards to any of it.
truly get- despite it being the thing he's always wanted most...
He shifts off the bed- he'd passed out atop the covers, boots still on. It's a habit he hasn't quite been able to shake when coming down from a hunt- adrenaline freshly draining from his veins.
Cas takes Dean's hand from the seatback and threads their fingers together. With a squeeze, he brings his hand up to plant a soft peck on Dean's knuckles. Some of the tension starts to leave his shoulders again.
“Sam?”
Jan 13 12:36 – Feb 17 ????
Major work done Jan 1-3
Maybe he saw a little too much of himself in the kid.
But he couldn’t do that. It wasn't his turn just yet, and the door was closed. He couldn’t intrude, and who knew what Castiel was thinking, feeling…
And my mind was empty – or it was as though my mind had become one enormous, anaesthetized wound. I thought only
Yes, Billie is nonbinary. You can pry them out of my tiny enby hands
“The hell’d you let me sleep so long for?”
Dec 13 11:11 to Jan 24 10:36
“Yeah, buddy, of course. We’re, uh, we’re still friends. That doesn’t change.”
“You’re hurt…”
“Hey, Cas,” he greeted, lacing their fingers together as he took a seat. Unsurprisingly, there was no response.
“I’m not surprised... He takes after you and Sam quite a bit.”
No, Dean had been in his memories. Castiel knew just how alone he was when he was human the first time.  Maybe this was his way of moving forward, his way of hiding from Jack how rocky the past really was. Regardless, Dean didn’t sleep that night.
Miracle whined loudly again and Dean allowed himself to get back into bed to lay with her until she was a little happier. He absentmindedly scratched Miracle’s head while waiting for the throbbing ache in his head and chest to dissipate. He settled for one of the two and, after a few hours, made his way out of his room.
“She’s…” Dean took a moment to let that sink in. “Alone? Do you trust her? After the stunt she pulled?”
[Dean goes inside Cas’ head. We see that Castiel has constructed a fantasy for himself, somewhere he feels loved and content. In the Bunker, day, we see Jack and Claire (typical sibling things, they’re comfortable with each other), Sam and Eileen (flirting, looking for a case. They’re out of earshot, so we cannot hear spoken dialogue, just the tone. We may recognize some signs), and Dean (somehow involved in everything. Undecided if he is casually affectionate). May include other assorted friends such as original Charlie and maybe Mary. They all trickle in and out, having various adventures. While they interact with Castiel, he does not go with them. He is content with watching and being included.]
“He’s growing like a weed.”
Castiel nodded with a small smile.
“Sure!”
Most work done Feb 17
“It worked to wake you up, when Ezekiel was calling the shots. And when Mom was brainwashed, and when Michael buried me in my head,” Dean listed. “Why not for Cas?”
“No, dumbass. I told you that I love you.”
Dean looked back to Castiel, deep in his book, and to the message on the table beside him. He picked the paper up, grateful that he could interact with it, but if Castiel saw, he said nothing.
Castiel shook his head violently, backing away. The hat pinned to his hair came loose and fell down into the dewy grass. The others paid no mind.
“Jack? What’s wrong?”
[Note: on some level, Castiel believes himself to still be dead and in the Empty. He is in his right mind: he is ignoring what we know is reality. He knows that this is a dream, and he clings to it because if he doesn’t, he knows he will lose himself in the Empty forever. He doesn’t do this in the hopes of being resurrected, but rather as a rarely indulged comfort.]
There was only one way to find out.
“Yes,” Jack said, appearing behind him. Dean would be lying if he said he didn’t jump.
He thought that until he flipped out the light.
“During dinner?”
“You know…with Chuck not writing our story anymore, we get to write our own.” His voice lilted upwards, optimistic in a way that Dean hadn’t heard in months. “You know, just you and me going wherever the story takes us…. Just us.”
“What about getting in?”
he promised.
“Alright, so you go to hell and learn some magic, become a regular ginger junior, and then we make me invisible or whatever.”
“Of course.”
“Hey, buddy,” Dean murmured. “We’re home. Time to go sleep in your bed.”
“You don’t have to wear it if you don’t want to.”
“What?”
Come morning, Dean awoke alone on the couch, though the blanket covered him nicely. What had happened? Did he scare Cas off? Worse than that, did he leave again, like he always did?
The next memory was a field of bees. Castiel wore an outfit Dean recognized as being from the psych ward, but he was happy. He was sitting among wildflowers, talking to insects, and smiling brightly as they seemed to respond. His hair was wild and windswept, his id bracelet threaded with flowers. It was the first time Dean remembered seeing Castiel so happy, so free, without anything hanging over his head. He wasn’t dealing with all of the trauma that had built up over his billion-year life, or the guilt of what he had done to Heaven, the war. This was Castiel at peace, and Dean didn’t have the heart to disturb him.
“’N feel it.”
“Okay, so?”
Dean wasn’t going to lie, knowing that Mary was gone hurt, but…
“Can’t you heal him?” Eileen asked.
The door to Room 7B was heavy and even standing in front of it took a toll. Mouth dry, Dean managed to put his hand on the knob but couldn’t find it in himself to open the door. He knew what waited on the other side for him, and he didn’t want to see it. The empty space, the sheer nothingness—not even goo or a coat this time—was too much.
“What? No. No, no, no, Cas.”
[The day has gone by; Dean has tried to reach out multiple times unsuccessfully and has instead settled into a chair in the room, paralleling Castiel’s own watching. He’s learned a fair amount about Castiel though, by watching him throughout the day. He thinks he understands Cas’ interest in it. Still, there is a difference between watching and partaking. Castiel needs to wake up and live.]
“I wasn’t afraid to die,” Castiel said, a steely look in his eyes. “Not for you.” Cas’ thumb swept across freckled cheeks. His hand traced Dean’s jaw and slid down his neck to settle on his shoulder. “I’ve seen you at your lowest and I’ve seen you at your highest. Both were you. Even in hell, even angry and broken, even when we fought…you were beautiful, and loving, and
They’re finally free, but was the cost too high? Can Dean fix it or is it too late?
“I…” Castiel began, obviously conflicted.
Dean found him in the kitchen, stirring honey into a cup of black tea as he listened to Jack.
“Thanks, Jack.”
“I never would have dreamt of you with a dog. After what you went through in Hell… It never occurred to me. I’m sure you noticed her absence in my… in my head.”
“Of course he knows, Jack,” Dean reassured. “He knows how much you love him.”
“You’ve been there now. You know how cold and hungry it is. It’s… well, it’s dead. What you don’t know is how the Shadow torments you. How you lose track of what’s real and what’s a memory.”
Sam and Dean both buried themselves in research, though they both made time for the newest edition of the family. Miracle found her place next to Dean in the library and he was grateful for her. Caring for her provided a welcome distraction and reminded him to take care of himself as well. He and Sam tended to her jointly, though she slept almost exclusively in Dean’s room. However, she adored going with Sam for his morning jogs, even more so now when Eileen joined some of them. She had been wary of Miracle at first for reasons Dean completely understood, having also been dragged to hell by hellhounds, but Miracle was sweet and gentle, and, like Dean, Eileen warmed up to her as well.
“And nobody says we will, Dean,” Sam said, softly. “But we just defeated God. Things are different now.”
Dean looked beyond Sam over to the doorway where the voice had come from. Jack. Miracle, too. He was dressed in a pair of Star Wars pajamas that Cas had gotten him for his birthday, though Dean figured their kid didn’t need to sleep anymore.
Four plates waited to be filled. Only Sam and Dean remained.
, I beg them.
Castiel took another long sip and grimaced.
“Blood…”
“Awesome.”
Dean learns more about Castiel through his memories.
Dean turned away and blocked it out. He didn’t want to be confronted by it again, and the pain of everything that had happened. He wanted to cling to reality, where he and Jack had started making amends. They solved codes together and watched Disney movies and even had a dog for fuck’s sake. Everything had changed, and Castiel didn’t know. He didn’t know how they had all changed, and if Dean didn’t get him out, he never would.
“Like fishing?”
completely human now, right kid?”
[half-cocked knee-jerk choices, some grand scheme to save him but oh no! Dean’s the only one who can go! Who would have thought, it’s almost like they have a
“You want a beer?” Without waiting for an answer, Dean stood. “I’m gonna grab a beer.” Then he headed towards the kitchen.
castiel absolutely did not think he would be alive to deal with telling
At first, he thought he might be able to nap, find something to drown out the guilt festering in his soul, but the more he lied there in the silence, the louder his thoughts grew.
“Goodnight, honeybee,” Castiel whispered, running a hand across Jack’s forehead, pushing back the soft hair affectionately. Jack slept on.
Eileen invited them to celebrate a day of Hanukkah with her, something Sam insisted they both go to despite Dean’s reluctance to do anything that wasn’t directly related to finding a way to save Cas. Still, eating a latke at Eileen’s kitchen table and watching her teach Sam “Happy Hanukkah” in sign language, he had to admit that he was glad he went. Life since defeating Chuck had been a mess, with more anger and unhappiness than he cared to admit. It was nice to see that someone was getting their happy ending, and he was so glad that it was Eileen and Sammy.
Dean frowned. “Well, yeah, man. If you wanted that. If you don’t—”
“What?”
“Was there something else you wanted from me?”
“What the fuck was that?”
“You love him.”
He shook him, only to be reminded, once again, that there was nothing he could do.
“Of course,” Cas agreed.
“Greek mythology. There’s not punishment like hell or a reward like heaven. It’s more of a middle ground for everyone in between. There’s just sleep, and echoes of what life was like.”
Sam, for his part, was watching Dean, taking in and gauging his reaction. Well, what was the damn point of the drive if neither of them was enjoying it?
“I drove!”
She bounded right up to them and stopped, warm and safe in Dean’s arms. He held her tightly for a moment before opening up the car door and allowing her to jump in. He rolled the driver’s side passenger window down for her and she loved every second of the drive back.
Jack raised his hand in farewell before turning away from them. He started to walk away, towards some of the people they had saved, taking Dean’s hope away with him.
“Scares the hell out of me, too,” Dean confessed. “But like you said, he’s still young. We have years before he’s all grown up.”
“They go to Heaven and Hell, too.”
“Alright, well, you’re not a nephil, you’re capital G God now.” Jack started to respond again, but Dean beat him to it.
finally starting to understand. Then he had become an angel again, and all that progress vanished, at least from Dean’s perspective. There was only so much Castiel could have felt, much less fully understood, in the under six months he was human, and the difference between human and angelic understanding was the problem.
Too deep in Cas’ mind for Jack to reach, they started back to where Dean had come in. In doing so, they passed by memory after memory: telling Eileen about his deal, movie night, his time as a human when all of the angels fell, the innumerable times that Naomi had stuck her drill in his head…
The darkness was silent for a moment and Cas laid still before quietly asking, “Can you turn a light on?”
Dean could feel it behind him, unmoving, and slowly turned around to see the outline of a tall, vaguely human shape though distinctly inhuman in every other regard. It took his form, a perfect replica of Dean Winchester, and shook Castiel’s shoulders. He didn’t stir this time. It called Cas’ name heartbrokenly and circled him a few times to no result before smugly settling down and sleeping near enough that Dean could still make out the outline. So
“It started to rain on the way back,” Jack explained, shrugging off Cas’ trenchcoat and his own jacket to reveal a relatively dry t-shirt.
“Well, your idea sucks. We can’t do that to him.”
“As long hair does you.”
“He’s like that.” Dean couldn’t bring himself to say
Would anyone be interested in reading the blocking / notes I had drafted for this chapter initially? I could have them as a 13th chapter or something, released whenever? Leave a comment and let me know!
The squint grew deeper for a second before the meaning clicked. “Not yet. I want to finish a few more.”
I implore you,
Dean flipped the switch of his light.
Thank you to
Jack smiled at him.
“You are broken, Castiel. And I am going to fix you.”
you. Like you love me.”
The Shadow… it doesn’t play fair, Dean.” Jack’s eyes were wide and desperate, his grip tight on Dean’s arm as if to stop him. “I went there. I tried to reason with it, but it… it took Cas’ form and tried to lure me further. You
-law,” Sam corrected. “I never made it to my interview, remember? And that was
“What, so now she trusts you?”
Dean’s stomach was in knots, knowing that today was the day they would bring Castiel back. He put on his battle armor—the green jacket with Castiel’s handprint—and allowed his hand to sit overtop the bloody smear. He hadn’t worn it since…
“Hello,” he said brightly, holding up a hand in greeting. It was mere seconds until he was enveloped in a hug.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What, like spoon?”
Dean sank next to Jack on the bed. Kid had a point.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Of course.”
“You’re back!” Sam’s face split into a bright grin, the happiest he had been in days. Dean’s heart ached a little deeper.
Anything in [brackets] is what I had for myself as far as notes / blocking. The most extensive notes are for Chapter 8 because I knew what I wanted to do back in December but not how I wanted to do it. I also have the dates I got each chapter done (minus editing).
Disjointedly, Castiel nodded and rose, eager to leave behind his tangled bedsheets and the darkness of the room. Dean couldn’t blame him.
“We will, Dean, of course we will, but we need to get this right.”
“I think a little bit of change is nice. I was an angel for millennium, now it’s time to try something else. And
“What do
“This one’s a Caesar cipher,” Jack said with certainty. “You can solve it with the ring really easily.”
We didn’t exactly cover ‘loopholes in agreements with cosmic beings’ in my undergrad classes.”
“That was different,” Jack said, softly. “Nick, his vessel, had woken him up. Lucifer was almost back, he was fighting to come back, until I killed Nick. All Chuck had to do was open the door.”
He was in a clearing now. Trees stood on one side and a large yellow house on the other. He could see a small cluster of people outside and soon was close enough to hear a woman screaming. A figure walked out of the house, a man in a tan suit. A flock of three women in pastel dresses followed him as he headed down the path leading away while two others, a man and a woman, doubled back into the house. Dean moved a little closer in order to find out what they were saying.
“As tall as the Chrysler Building? Yeah, I remember,” Dean said, and Cas smiled at him gently. “What happened here? I get the plagues and all, but what happened to you?”
The salesclerk in the liquor store gave him a look as he checked out. Dean didn’t know if it was for the volume he was buying or how fucked he undoubtedly looked. Didn’t care, either. He held off for the drive back and started drinking in the garage. Then the library. When Sam found him on his way to his room, Dean was solidly drunk and sobbing again, too far gone to care about appearances anymore. He just wanted the pain of it all to be gone.
Dean heard Jack say in his head.
Jack still wasn’t done though.
Sam just smiled and put the popcorn into a bowl before heading to the DeanCave. “We’ll wait for you to start.”
A few days later, after writing out dozens of little messages for Castiel, Dean and Jack took Miracle on a walk together. The weather was cool, and Dean could feel winter air biting at his skin.
Castiel gave him a confused look.
It's been so long since he's touched anyone with these hands- well, outside of the violence of combat mere hours earlier. Maybe it's better to say it's been longer, still, since anyone's touched
feel that way about someone... which feels almost shameful to admit now, even just to himself. Why wouldn't Cas be able to feel that way about someone? He's a caring guy. Too caring, almost. Except he's never even
"Alright then," Sam claps his hands, eyes shifting through the group, "Meet back at the hotel with word."
A door creaks behind him, low voices echoing into the space. He buries his flashlight in his jacket and flicks it off, waiting. They step closer, a warm light approaching with them.
Dean's pacing the length of the sidewalk, trying to get a sense of the movement of the shadows behind the lace curtains. There's not a whole lot he can see, but at least it doesn't look like there's an outright fight going down just yet.
Some footfalls, slow and precise, but heavy. Same as any old hunter who's passed through all day. Maybe this one's ducking back in after a smoke break.
Not that it would say any particular thing if Cas
"Come on, man." Dean groans, "Rowena? I mean..."
"Sam!"  He takes the coffee held out for him, grinning down into the mug.
Dean just shrugs and waves it off, a sleepy haziness still crowding his brain. Coffee. He needs coffee.
"Dean, it's fine."
"The angels that I served with are being killed." He says plainly, voice hardening, "So I will put up with Ishim. I will put up with everything else. And so will you. I have to go."
She turns in her seat to better face Dean, and grabs his jaw with one hand, forcing his eyes on her, "Dean-O... you're a helluva lot smarter n' you ever give yourself credit for. And! You got a good heart, hun. I've seen some people turn real sour when bad things happen to 'em," her tone softens, bringing out that rare seriousness as she places a palm on his chest, "but I can tell you still love with your whole chest. Even if you don't wanna all the time. And I'm thankful to be one a' the few that gets to see that much of ya."
Dean sighs, breath visible in the cold air. He has his hand buried in his coat pockets and stares at his shoes awkwardly. Cas is beside him, not moving.
Dean isn't quite sure what he might be waiting for. Then:
Dean sighs. "Cas, I'm not quite sure I
Cas doesn't know what a "small, simple" Christmas present entails, but does his best not to go all-out. He puts his gift for Sam in a gift bag he finds in the bunker and doesn't wrap Dean's present at all.
He's right, and Dean's silence is all the confirmation he needs.
Cas continues, "Even when I was homeless, what I missed more than anything was you." His voice is soft.
"Sam and me will make sure you're not going to leave unnecessary scars if that's what you're worried about," Dean tells him, eyes on the arm that was reaching for him a moment ago.
Dean scoffs. "Yeah, right."
Dean is thrown back to all the times Cas has said the same to him in the past. So much has changed since then. Cas isn't as clueless as he used to be, Dean is sure that the angel now is aware of every significance and implication of his suggestion.
It's selfishness. Pure, naked selfishness. Undisguised and uninvited, yet there. It lights a fire inside of him when it arrives, a fire that wants to be fed. It burns and it pains, but Castiel knows that giving in to it would only make it unstoppable. So he tries his best to subdue it, ignore it if necessary, live with it. The fire roars when Dean is as close to him as he was earlier. Castiel can feel his hands wanting to reach out to claim Dean as his own. The flames licked on his insides when Dean touched Cas' lip, and Castiel wanted nothing more than to lean in without question, without consent, without hesitation.
Cas thinks about that for a second, brows furrowed, then nods. "Yes, something like that."
He stares as Dean looks up at him, gets up grudgingly, and cracks more eggs into the still-hot pan as if directed to do so instead of doing it of his own free will. He took the coffee with him and knocks it back while shuffling the eggs.
"Have you talked to him yet?"
There's a warm hand on his shoulder, squeezing softly.
"You like them?" Dean asks carefully. "You can use them to cut out the cookies later if you want."
"I'll get creative. Any idea where it is?" Sam asks.
"I'm not in danger, am I?" Cas asks Sam anxiously, choosing to ignore Sam's mirth.
Cas thinks about that for a second. Here it is, the chance to get that information his own brain wouldn't give to him. The missing piece. The right way to go about all this.
Cas catches his gaze and says "More than anything in the world, Dean."
"Be..." Cas closes his eyes for a second to gather his courage. "Happy."
Cas looks at the toilet and it's over for him; He starts gagging and puking and his muscles convulse painfully. His fingers wrap around the toilet seat, holding on tightly. It's probably the worst thing he has ever experienced.
Castiel's cluelessness, Dean's pissed-off-ness... Sam has got enough of it. It's been
Dean's got a long way to go, Sam thinks with a sigh. Cas is trying to meet him in the middle, but the puzzle pieces don't quite fit together yet. There's some more rounding off to do.
Soon after that, on a cool summer evening, the three of them go for a walk together, slow, with many breaks for Dean to rest his leg, even if he insists that he's fine. The wind rushes through the trees above them, making Cas' coat flutter and Sam's hair dance in front of his face. They stop on top of a hill and Dean says "Let's live like this forever" with a gentle smile while the setting sun's orange glow lights up the freckles on his face, and Cas pulls out the little box from his pocket and kneels before him and asks him to marry him.
"You can open mine now," Dean says mysteriously, and pushes one of the gifts towards Sam with his foot.
Cas nods, obviously appreciating Sam's lesson. "I guess I didn't sleep well," he says finally. He slips a spoonful of kiwi into his mouth.
A moment later Dean is leaning into Castiel's bedroom, hands on the doorframe. "What's up, buddy?"
you would want to do that again?" he asks carefully.
Sam notices that Dean's gaze does not move away from Cas' face the entire time Cas is unwrapping the package.
"Cas, you alright?" Dean asks weakly from somewhere across the room.
Cas sits down next to Sam and asks "Who's starting?"
In fact, in Castiel's opinion, much of it is hard.
Dean stops him with a raised hand before he can stutter out more nonsense. "Woah there, cowboy. Wanna try that again?"
Dean raises his eyebrows at him, then quickly turns away and rubs his face, muttering "No, I don't..."
"Thank you," Castiel says again, and looks Dean in the eyes. There's a new feeling again: It's like tufts of cotton are clouding his brain. He doesn't want the moment to stop. He doesn't want Dean to go and leave him here alone. Even if it's all based on a lie Castiel wants it, and he's ashamed of it, but the thought of Dean trumps everything else there is.
Step.
Sam goes for a run, Dean makes breakfast while Cas sleeps in. They got into a certain rhythm here, and there were almost no hunts in the past month. They're safe, and warm, in their home.
When Sam returns to the library he finds Dean inspecting Cas' face, one hand curled around the collar of the trench coat, index finger of the other hand slowly stroking over Cas' bottom lip. His brows are furrowed, a concentrated expression on his face that contrasts heavily with the look of panic in Castiel's eyes.
Sam goes out to help a fellow hunter every once in a while, and when he does, Dean and Castiel enjoy their togetherness in the bunker. Cas counts the scars on Dean's skin, touching each and every one with his fingertip first, then with a gentle kiss, starting at the top of his head and traveling down until he reaches his toes. He keeps miscounting though, or maybe some of them fade after a while, because even after they stopped hunting Cas ends up with a different number each time, and he says it at the dinner table on Sundays, it's a tradition for them, and after he says the number Sam serves the dish he had cooked for them. Cas cleans up after, and Dean helps or simply sits at the table and keeps him company, fatigued from his bad leg, and lists movies they have yet to see or places they would visit if they had more time or money or energy for it all.
"So..." Jody lets out a breath, strips off her jacket with a resolved nod, "This is gonna be fun."
”I didn't see him in the description. It’s something called
Rowena straightens, turning serious, "Sam's gone for the Grimoire- I can't stop the spell without it, and we can't leave him here or it's likely he'll perish before our return," She waves a hand, egging the two of them to follow her, "Just take the boy's hand and toss yourself in front of any thrown spells like the good little guardian angel you are. We're wasting precious time!"
"He just-" He stops, clenching and unclenching his jaw, "She wasn't
Smile a little more forced, she says, “Wave me down if you need anything else.” and disappears.
She doesn't appear very surprised, and merely stares at him with that same fear in her eyes. Knowing there's something sinister at work here- with them, with her brother- yet having no understanding of what it is.
to focus on that. Focus,
Cas swallows, looking down to his mug fisted in one hand. It's empty.
John circles the table to stand behind him, peers over his shoulder, "This is from today?"
Is this what it'll feel like? Visiting the places that they once shared together and feeling a cold loss in his bones and an ache that never lets up.
"We don't know." Cas sighs.
goes sideways. Just the way it is. But you believe me, the timeline without you in it? The worst one there is. So, fuck dad. Fuck dad and the stick up his ass and his idea of how things should've gone. He wasn't
Sam and Dean trade a look- they've spent enough time with Lucifer to get a sense of the guy's movements, the way he talks, his plays. Sam, especially.
”Just made the whole box. Figured there’d be enough hungry hunters around here that won’t let it go to waste.”
Cas: Tracking them now
“Hello, LA!” He shouts into the mic, grabbing it with one hand, “What a crowd! Look at all those fresh, new faces. Everyone excited?”
“Hard to say. Zachariah had a tendency to create entire fractions of realities, but it certainly would’ve been easier to simply send you forward.”
Eileen: Thank you
Dean just nods, collects his dirty plates, and stands, "Great. Glad that's cleared up."
"You find anything?" Sam asks first, brows raised.
"No."
"Alright," She chuckles, but picks at the table cloth absently, and coughs, shifting in her seat, "Don't have to get all sappy about it, geez."
"It was horrific, but it was necessary. It was
So many things just out of reach.
Lucifer chuckles, facade dropping, “He needed
"Well, veteran angel then. Retired." Donna offers, pointing her fork at him.
Sam lets out a forced chuckle, "So, what, you're just gonna keep walking past each other in the kitchen, not saying a word?"
"Here." The girl grins wide- maybe laughing at him- in some ways it reminds him of Claire. She hands over a keycard, "Room twelve. I'm here 'til morning. Hit me up if you need anything, or if you wanna tack on another night."
"No."
You can't really accept Dean without those parts, too, though. Mostly because he hopes that you won't. Cas always does. Always has. He thinks that scares Dean sometimes because there's times where there shouldn't be any reason at all for the man to lash out, but he does anyway.
Wendy is standing still and wide-eyed in the center of the living room, looking completely lost, watching as the two approach. There's something
Dean sweeps his hands out, setting the ice bucket on the table. Why are they even in this town again?
One couple is just ahead of them on the same line of sidewalk- grinning, hand in hand. One man cackles at something the other man says, their deep laughs echoing one another. Dean sidesteps so they can easily pass.
"And that means?"
Gently, Cas prods the question on his tongue, tapping a finger absently on the handle of his mug, "Were you hungry a lot as a child?"
Just like always, Cas is left wondering what that means.
(Today 3:36 PM)
"My daughter... I had my daughter... long before I ever laid eyes on an angel."
Dean clicks his jaw, "That- that was different."
What he wouldn't give to fall back into old Dean's life back then, even for a day. When he thought that was the worst it would get. Some demon activity, a couple werewolves, worried about losing the fight of the week and losing his brother- but that was it.
”Come on-“
"Elka. Gonna pour yourself one a' those while you're at it?"
There's a short silence, the both of them watching the cams just for something to do, when John breaks it, voice soft, "So... you that worried about picking a fight with me?"
"No."
"Yeah, sure looked fine to me-"
”I’d rather you ‘blow the brains out’ of the man giving you the food.”
”What’s up?”
"Heya, Cas."
"Yeah, uh..." He clears his throat, taking a thick swallow of coffee, "Well, good news, uh, there's nothing on angel radio and Heaven's still on lockdown, so rogue angel is out."
the night your mother
It's not a completely accurate likeness, but it's the closest he could comparatively make to the human scope of imagination. He thinks maybe Dean just left it here and forgot about it, but the drawer's been cleaned out since then. The expired condoms long gone, not even replaced by a fresh batch. Seems Dean's either becoming incredibly irresponsible or has frankly given up hope in his sexual prowess. Maybe he just forgot.
"Singer Salvage and Roadhouse" is a pitstop for any wayward soul who needs it. There's a jukebox of "only the classics," a couple of grumpy old regulars Cas or Dean have to kick out at the end of every night, karaoke every Thursday, and a "burger of the week" every week. Dean forms the recipe for each one himself and names them after a different supernatural creature. This week it's a Rugarou Burger- several mixed meats, a surprise sauce (A1 mixed with BBQ), pepper-jack, grilled jalapenos and onions, topped with spicy sausage and the works, only served bloody. Since Cas became fully human, he's enjoyed trying every single one of Dean's newest experiments. The only burger recipes Dean ever repeats on the menu are the ones Cas likes.
Dean nods, "And that's big news?"
"Hey Cas?"
Kaia giggles, and Dean doesn't hear the rest of their conversation. He's too busy hearing nothing but white noise and hoping his heated face can be explained away by the flames dancing in front of it. He lets Cas keep looking at him, and lets him keep standing so close. But just because Cas likes it. Not because Dean does.
Dean looks over to the counter with confusion, like he's not even sure what Cas is talking about, his face scrunching up even more, "What? Dude, no. She's like twice my age. Truck stop MILFs aren't my go-to."
"Samuel," Rowena sighs, grabbing at Dean's palm with dainty, gentle hands, "Those glyphs you found are an archaic form of Celtic. Ogham Chraobh."
John cocks the gun, raising it to his head.
"September eighteenth, nineteen seventy-three."
John lets himself get tugged along, whispers carrying through in their wake. He even hears Alicia stage-whisper, "
Dean's voice turns cold, “Where do you think you’re going?”
"Chip off the old block, huh?" Dean jokes, picking up his lukewarm beer for a hefty chug. He swallows, drops it back on the table when John simply frowns, fixing him with a stern glare. "Look, I had to."
Cas can tell just by the tone of his voice how that steadily declines into a lie.
"I don't know." Dean admits.
She widens her eyes innocently and tilts her head to the side, almost like she's about to play it off- except it's the same way it looked at Dean before, inside of Elvis. The slight tick in one eye, and tiniest upturn of the corner of its lips- as though so amused it has to keep itself from grinning maniacally.
Cas takes a shaky breath, settled in place, his exhale hitting against Dean’s lips- cause they’re just that close. Not quite forehead to forehead but it might as well look that way.
Annoyance clear in his movements, Cas turns on his heel, "Isham said to come alone. He doesn't like... humans."
"Yeah, since when do you come to things like this?" Sam agrees, diving his hands into his jacket pockets. "I don't remember a single hunter's
Maybe that's something that has Cas' gears all in a twist about this, too. Caring about the meatsuit you're wearing doesn't seem to be a regularity for the god-squad. If this Benjamin guy is anything like Cas- where Cas always did care about Jimmy on some level- then it makes sense why they'd be such good pals. There's basically zero angels that have the same kinds of morals to Cas in a lot of matters.
There's Sam, and there's Cas. Brother, best friend. Angel. There's mom- Mary. Lawrence. Dad- John. Alive. Bob... Bobby...
demons."
This is all that occupies his mind until the Impala grumbles up behind his truck in the late afternoon, Dean behind the wheel and his father in the passenger seat. Cas straightens as they roll up and kill the engine, and Dean approaches first, heavy-footed and peering past to get a look at the house.
"Maybe not, but I have faith."
Next up after this one is Regarding Dean, which I'm pretty excited about. Though, I admit, I'm most excited to get to Stuck in the Middle, which comes up right after that!! Getting into the thick of the middle of the season here!! Yay! :)
"Alright, well, I'm gonna go scope out the body. If you wanna spend some more alone time with, uh..." Sam points at the mess of syrup, whipped cream and plates in front of them, "Your waffles..."
There was once a time where Cas wouldn't have afforded himself this kind of privilege on his lonesome like this. Kinda makes Dean smile, knowing the kind of comfortability between them now, and being able to see the proof of it right in front of him.
happy thing... of the many happy things a person can experience in life. Not like the peak of happiness... right? Because if
He cuts her off, pointing threateningly, "Don't. Even. Dare..."
"All the way. That family... they're like... off the charts religious. Old, old Testament. I'm talking no cars, no electricity, no
" Loraine draws out the word, raising her voice and turning towards a room where no one's listening, and turns back, "drunk hunters... and my son's dead body is in the parlor. But I haven't slit my wrists yet. Small victories."
"Okay.
"Stick around for the afterparty." Lucifer says, and there's no venom left in it.
"Well the language isn't necessary." He mutters, considering a moment, "When you sold
"I know they do." They trade a long look, something passing between there going unsaid. That same kind of resolved knowing from across the room of that church- Cas a bloodied heap and Dean lowering his hand. It's that same kind of codependency he's got with Sam- just completely unwilling to let the other die, tossing themselves in the other's place even though they both know the survivor won't be any better for it. It's a toxic kind of mess they have going on here.
The demon grins wide and cackles out a harsh, tinny laugh. One not like Jody at all. Cold.
The ride home from the barn that night was almost completely silent. Sure, tunes mumbled from the radio but Dean barely processed anything but the rev of the engine and sound of tires on asphalt.
"The truth is, I've never been fully deserving of the trust they've both given me. But I'm grateful for it," He raises his eyes. John's looking at him with an unreadable expression, "I've died for them and I would do it again, eternally. Because everything they've given me in this short time I've known them means more to me than a thousand more years of empty life as a celestial being."
Dean chuckles into his mug, giving Sam a look and wiggling his brows. John notices, looking to Sam, "Still on that health-kick?"
died today? What if those cosmic consequences caught up and Dean had wasted Cas' last day on earth at odds with the guy. Instead- instead of...
And it's funny cause Cas just doesn't pull any punches, and never has any shame or embarrassment- and even now he's grinning all wide and toothy at Dean just because he so genuinely loves it when Dean laughs. The whole schtick of it is so funny because here Cas is, commenting on it, having no idea whatsoever that
There's a pause, the boys trading a look. The attendant shifts his gaze between them, clearly confused they're not on the same level of incredulity as him, "It's a cult thing, right? That's why the FBI's-"
"Yeah, close." Sam shakes his head, pulling out his phone, tapping through his contacts.
Dean rolls his eyes and laughs, "Yeah, right."
Cas smiled, and nodded, “Goodnight, Dean.”
Sam stays silent- it's not that he's not glad his dad trusts his instinct, but this just isn't the way things go. Sam and Dean might bicker, but end of the day they respect the other's side of things.
" Dean laughs, but hands it back, "I'm not a keychain guy, you should put it on yours."
"Who's-" John starts, but Dean cuts him off.
Just as Lily's sent to the ground, Sam comes up behind Ishim with his own blade, managing a slice across the man's upper arm- white light leaking from the open wound. But Ishim, again, reacts too quickly, throwing an elbow back and landing a blow to Sam's face, sending him to the floor.
"He said he'd meet us here." Cas exhales, tearing his eyes from John and sweeping his gaze around the room before landing on the brothers again, softening with a sigh, "Frankly, I appreciate the break. It's been
"Your girlfriend didn't just come back from the dead, so yeah
Cas: Missing. But alive
"Yes. But the power to produce this is immense. It's much, much greater than a typical angel."
"Not at all. We're good dogs. We only come when called." Ketch flicks his eyes to Dean, who merely looks confused, then nods to Sam, "And
”Ah, screw it,” Dean mumbles, looking on at the crowd of unsuspecting victims, horrified.
It's not a string of thoughts... he's speaking. Singing... in a low, barely there sound escaping his lips.
With a scoff, Dean's face turns an even darker shade as he lowers his voice, "Well, yeah, dude. She thinks we're
"Sam." She grins wide, nose scrunching with the rise of her cheeks- then, she turns to the girls, "
”I just- don't go back to being that kid that thought he was doing the right thing for
Dean passes out for the first time in a long time without a drop of alcohol on his lips, and with thoughts of Cas swirling through his mind.
fucking wound. Make him live with all these scars built up in here, scotch tape barely sticking the pieces together on the best day.
This one stems from John’s entry in the Alex Levine novel “John Winchester’s Journal” on page 126 dated January 24, 1996.
Dean slams the door shut, eyeing the 'NO TRESSPASSING' sign like it's more a suggestion than a warning, "Looks like we're walking from here."
." Dean shrugs, "It was always Sammy..."
This memory loss makes no sense. Biting at bits and pieces but leaving other ones behind completely.
That's probably an insane thing to admit, though, huh? Insane to even think, if he spends too long actually considering the connotations of that and his long history as a heavenly meatsuit. Heaven's sword giving his ass away to the fallen outcast? Scandal for the newsletters.
"Hey, Cas." Dean says, hitting speakerphone.
Heavy footfalls echo from the hall, and John strides in, the brothers both turning to greet him simultaneously.
"Alright," Dean cuts in and Cas drops Marion gracelessly back into the chair. He fumbles a second, nearly tumbling off of it, then rights himself, going still, awaiting a direction. Dean nods, raising his brows, "So call it."
"Yes, wow!" She pushes him to the center of it- "You stand in here, now."
Sam emerges then, hair ruffled and stretching his arms to the ceiling with a guttural groan and heavy feet. Cas sits up, his hair a complete mess too, swept lazily across his forehead. Eileen slips past Sam, beelining for the kitchen but notices Cas and Dean entwined far too friendly on the floor and grins wide without comment. Cas turns a bashful shade of pink and buries his face into Dean's shoulder, stealing the mug from Dean's grasp and taking a long sip. Dean trails a hand down Cas' back to rest at his hip and hug him close to his side. He plants a quick peck on his temple, and separates to find Cas looking at him with the mushiest smile and puppydog eyes he's ever seen.
"N- not that kind of history. This is a, uh," he clears his throat, "It's a podcast on the history of the Protestant Reformation. A multipart exploration of each of Martin Luther's 95 theses."
So if Dean has to fall back on old ways for awhile- convince both he and Sam that
his music, his memories, his weapons, his life... Sam's is devoid of much more than the bare necessities.
He’s been staring down at the photos on Dean’s desk again, elbows propped there and hands threaded into his hair- and the passage of time suddenly feeling askew. Stretching by the millisecond.
And that's the thing. Cas is it. But he can't half-ass it or keep waiting around for something to happen. He can't let Cas go around thinking that this is anything less than what it is, because Cas deserves better than that. Maybe Dean does too, but Jury's still out on that one... and while Dean might be a man of action, Cas needs more than that...
Then, she slows, head whipping to the right, "Aye, we're close, come-"
"Yeah." Dean chuckles, "Apparently, we're a little bit legendary."
them was wildly different. He couldn't even quite put a name to them all at the time.
But it's still his dad. Dean tried reaching out- for weeks. Ever the peacekeeper in him, he just wants this to
They sit in silence for a minute, breath low on either end. The wind is starting to pick up, but it feels nice, and he likes the sound of it brushing through the leaves on the edge of the parking lot. Dean yawns, a deep rumbling thing, phone still right up against his face. The scruff on his chin scratches up against the mic.
"Spell's progressed, I see." She says, turned to Sam, too, voice thick in a Scottish accent.
"Wait- wait a second, Cas." Sam holds a hand up, halfway extended out to him, "Her family was murdered. I mean, I- I know you were just doing a job, but-"
"This was frowned upon, of course, but it wasn't truly a crime deemed so punishable. His true crime... he'd created a nephilim. This was... it was completely forbidden. Dangerous. We barely knew of their power, but we knew it was immense and... the child," he shakes his head, "It couldn't be allowed to survive. To grow into it.
. You blast me away, you'll blast away every angel in the room." He breathes, head tilting, voice a near whisper, "I'll survive. Castiel, on the other hand..."
Faith. That word should be a poison, but faith to Dean stopped being faith in some God or some entity of righteousness in the universe a long time ago. At some point, faith just came about believing in his family. Believing in Cas.
So, for the math: LOTUS aired December 8, 2016. If we jump off of that and say that around that time is Kelly's conception date, then the trip to find and capture Kelly/Lucifer would've occurred within the following couple days after that- since that plan moved quickly following Jack's conception and you can see based on the daylight/nighttime in changing scenes in LOTUS that 2 days passed and they extracted the president on Dec 10th.
"I know that..." Dean's voice is small, and he looks at Cas, really looks at him, because surely he doesn't deserve someone like the angel in front of him.
He catches a breath, looking back up at her, and she's waiting for him, both arms raised and poised for another round. Ever a man that doesn't leave a woman wanting, he moves forward again, throwing a right hook. Another miss. He dodges early but it's not enough, and she lands another solid left punch, colliding directly with his face this time.
Dean shakes his head, sitting back down and starting in on his shoelaces again. One boot comes off- he tosses it in the corner.
There's a lot Dean could say right then to how of all three of John Winchester's sons, he's the least of them. Since he was four years old, he's merely been John's soldier. His trusty gun. A son by word and by blood, but that's as far as it's ever gone.
'til I read it.
"Hope is pretty dangerous."
That thought alone… terrified him to the core. He’s always been mindful of time with the Winchesters. It feels different to him, of course, than it does for them. Simply because he’s lived through so much of it already. But each moment he has, he tries to make it last, to not allow that time to slip on by and be forgotten.
"Music is important to you." Cas tilts his head, and Dean fixes him with a look that definitely translates to a wordless
"Cloaked. It's very powerful." He looks over his shoulder at John's approach, and nods, "John."
"And what was?" Dean places his arm on the backrest, backing down the driveway. When he straightens out he leaves his hand on the seatback between them.
The angel shifts his gaze back to the man- John, “Your father...”
latched onto Dean's soul in the pit. And that explosion destroyed that piece, leaving a gaping, agonizing hole somewhere inside Castiel, collapsing his chest in on itself to a slow but certain death.
"Dad?" Sam says, dropping his hands from Cas' torso without glancing back.
"Dad's fine."
With a last glance to Sam, he turns on his heel to the exit.
"No, you were right. I should never have left them. I..." he frowns at the counter, "Have you heard anything?"
He can tell just by Sam and Cas' bodies stiffening against his sides that he's not amusing any of them. That, at least, seems to be something Ishim can agree with.
May 17 1987. Dean was 8 years old.
Mild descriptions of suicidal ideation.
it." She considers him, "That's the problem, huh? You're scared."
"Hi." Dean side-eyes Sam, brows dancing up once before turning back to her, grinning, "And who are you?"
Just like Sam, he's flung across the coffee table before he's even a foot away from her. She flings him without so much as a touch.
He's fine with dying, he really is. He just hopes he can see Cas one last time before the timer runs out.
"I don't know, Sam!" His voice hardens, and he scrubs the heel of his palm at his temple, "I don't even remember going to grab... burgers-"
," He says, like it's obvious, but backtracks, stumbling, "I mean,
It's not a resolved no, but it's not a happy yes either. It's more like a 'we'll see.' The same stagnant middle-ground that’s been keeping them afloat about as well as a punctured life-raft.
Ketch hasn't been lying as far as he can tell, but to omit certain truths can be the same thing as, and flush easily beneath the radar. He's well-versed in this tactic. Sam and Dean do it all the time.
They tell John everything.
dinosaurs? It doesn't feel like a wholly natural turn of events, does it?"
"Realty office. The women were very excited to help me once I showed them my badge." He tilts his head to John, raising his brows, "Murder mystery fanatics. Did you know people are thrilled with the concept of 'true crime'? It's odd, considering the gruesome nature of some cases... but anyway, they were very helpful."
”Probably kinda cool, having an angel in your pocket like that. Hey-” Randy raises his beer, eyes lighting up with his next train of thought, “You were on the FBI’s wanted lists for awhile there, too, right? Man, regular Harrison Ford-”
”Dean-“
"Uh... th- three hours, maybe?"
Then there's Dean. He doesn't have to wonder about his story or why he's here. Only a privileged few get to know those intricacies, and Cas is fortunate enough to be one of them.
"That was the last time I saw you alive," Dean continues, "Sam found you. They tried to revive you, but..." He pauses, shrugs a single shoulder, "You got a hunter's funeral... like you- like you wanted." He shifts, clearing his throat, "That was ten years ago."
going to the store." Sam grins over his mug. Dean glares murder over his own cup, but Sam just continues, "Eileen had the idea that we should get some of the hunters together, have a type of freedom celebration. So I hit up Jody, she and the girls are in. She's gonna spread the word."
"Oh, I wouldn't know." She holds up her hands, "You help those other than yourself. But
Sam softens, placing a hand on his shoulder in a motion of comfort. It doesn't do much, but it
"Are you... interested in her?" Cas asks, nodding to Dana.
Just because he's late to find it, though, doesn't mean he can't pick up the job. He can't find Sam and Dean, but he could do one useful thing. The thing that they'd do, if they were here.
"Yeah, but if it's not a case, then what is it?"
She might not even be able to control herself- eyes wide and staring up at the door with complete, shattered terror- it's clear her first thought isn't even that she might be strong enough to stop the intruder. Her first thought is nothing but fear. It's all she knows.
"Oh, all right." Dean groans, chuckling, knowing what Sam's
They approach the room with light steps, only pausing in the doorway to listen for the all-clear and sliding the keycard home.
"From who?" Sam asks.
He settles on a couple bottles that smell like different flowers, washes up, then hops out feeling more refreshed than he has in months. The kids are still downstairs, but everyone else is settled around the dining table when he walks out. It kind of reminds him of BBQs with Lisa back in the day. Ben and his friends separating off at the end of the night while the adults wind down somewhere else. It’s all very... domestic.
he say? He was never a child, and he never had a father- it's not something he could completely understand. The thing he is now, he "grew up" essentially the same as they had- being a soldier, taught to serve and to fight in the name of an elder's mission.
”Making pancakes, by the way.”
doing that again." Dean swipes a hand through the air definitively, "I don't care how many mooks they send after us."
"Castiel. I don't know you a whole lot yet, but from what I hear you've got a whole lotta courage and goodness in that little angel heart a yours. Fact that you three boys have each others backs for this long tells me they got a lotta love and respect for you, too, which already makes ya family in my book. I’m thankful to be able to call ya that."
"No- whoa, whoa. It's me. It's me." He holds up his hands, flat, and John pauses- exactly like Dean knew he would.
Cas' idea of happiness then Dean has gotta treat that guy to some better times. Dean is just
Ishim lands the next blow- but it doesn't phase her for too long before she's back in it, throwing a slash towards his chest. He catches her wrist the last moment, twisting with an audible
"Yeah," Dean pounds a fist on the railing, glancing around, "When we're not on the road. It's, a, uh... long story," He waves that off and turns, heading to the stairs. John follows. "An old Men of Letters bunker."
He turns back to Billie, his entire body going rigid,
"Yeah, no big deal."
"I'm not a hunter, I'm a poor excuse for an angel. My skills are extremely limited. So... yes. I called
His cheeks are wet. He looks up and there's green eyes staring back at him- they're only- they're barely familiar-
"Right." Sam calms, leading them down the stairwell, "The fix sounds fairly simple. You just find the witch who did it and kill it."
He shuts the door and revs on the engine by way of ending the conversation. Unable to do much else but drop it for now, Dean waves as Cas pulls out and disappears down the dirt road.
He rubs at his eyes, leaning into his chair.
"Think of him as the toddler he never was." She shrugs, turning on her heel and beelining for the bag she's abandoned on the floor at his arrival.
"I mean it, man. That last go around was... kinda crap. My own fault, but... I'd never kick you out again, you know that, right?"
He stops next to Cas, slapping a hand on the side of the car and leaning against it, too, crossing his arms. They're both turned, looking at each other, and it's times like this that ache the most. Dean cares for him, of course, but he'll never think of Cas as more than a brother. He is perfectly content living out the rest of his days filling that role, but that doesn't mean the ache isn't still there... a hollow
Cas: I've contacted others and we are working on finding them
"And you're not gonna like all of it." He continues, gripping a hand around his mug, flexing fingers, "but you need to hear it. So you know- this is why things are... the way they are."
Nothing is gonna get through that door. He knew it when he started.
Dean scoffs, rolling his eyes, putting back up a front, "Nothing. I-" He stops, because it's not nothing, and it's not fair to Cas to say it is. So he gives the most truthful answer he can instead, "I don't know. I never knew, I-"
Dean shrugs, "Okay."
And he won’t. Sam’s just going again and getting in the middle of something when it’s none of his fucking business. Dean should just start betting himself how long it’s gonna take his brother this time to plug himself in the role of middleman negotiator, then complain about it when neither party wants anything to do with the amends he’s forcing.
“You remember..." He straightens in his seat, "Must've been seven? eight? years ago now... You remember that spot Zach sent me, and you yanked me out to that street corner?"
Just as Cas finishes and lifts his hands for a
- or whatever it is that is between them - goes both ways. It's easier to just stay in his comfort zone, sitting there like he swallowed his tongue,
He waits half an hour before deciding that his patience has run thin, so he gets up and walks to Dean's bedroom door, knocking softly. "Dean, you awake?"
Somewhere in the middle of the movie Dean gets up to get a blanket and spreads it over him and Cas, who pulls it up to his neck and nestles into the warmth, getting drowsy. Dean fights the urge to stretch his arm around Cas, completely with a fake yawn and everything, because Cas wouldn't know that stupid trick anyway, and Dean really wants an excuse to get closer to Cas.
But hey, it's been a long day, and he's bored out of his mind, and Cas is here, and Dean feels the need to rock the boat, because that's just what he does when he's bored.
Why then does Sam move up the bed to get closer to the wall, why does he press his ear up against it, holding his breath so he can hear.
Again, silence.
"Thanks, Sammy, much appreciated," Dean says flatly.
"They do," Cas agrees. His hands are covered in flour, his shirt is crinkly and the top button unbuttoned, sleeves rolled up.
Another day Cas finds Dean in the library, eyes filled with tears, looking at a picture of Bobby, and Cas promises Dean that they'll all meet again.
Dean shoots a glance at Sam. "Well, Sam's sleeping, I think the booze got to him," he explains needlessly.
Dean's not good with presents, never has been. Their dad's never wanted any, so all he knew was how to get things his baby brother wanted. But he's pretty proud of his gifts for Cas, and hopes that they're good enough to make Cas happy.
Cas raises an eyebrow. "Would
But in the end, they make it work, all of it.
Castiel feels something bubbling up inside of him occasionally, something ugly and unreasonable, and when it's there he feels as far from heaven as he could possibly be.
"Okay." Dean looks at him with confusion. "What- What does that mean?" he asks, voice flat.
"Time to open these," Dean says, voice still full of sleep.
"Uhh, no."
"So, is it bad or good?"
"Nah," Dean says. "I know you like 'em plain. And it's probably good for Cas too, the first taste should be
As Sam continues to fill the tree with ornaments, Dean shows Cas how to use the lametta. He puts some on a branch, making sure to make it look natural, and not just throw them on in bunches. Cas copies him, filling another branch. Again and again, they grab some from the box while the other one is at the tree, then they switch and start again.
Cas nods and puts the empty kiwi half on the table, but doesn't reach for the other half.
Sam presses his lips together flatly. "You look terrible." It's clearly a tease to get Cas to talk.
Sam attempts to catch Dean's eyes, but his brother seems determined to not let that happen. Instead, Dean follows Cas to the tree and points at the tiny stack of presents.
An awkward silence falls between them, with Cas smiling shyly, head dipped down, and Dean frantically thinking about why he is more than okay with how the situation has progressed.
"I can't just...
He doesn't mind that; doesn't mind that he feels himself growing older physically; doesn't mind that he's going to die soon or - with a bit of bad luck - any day. But it just isn't enough time for him to completely adapt to this earthly, small way of living; a life full of love and hurt and
Dean blames it on the alcohol.
"You've noticed a change on how Dean acts around you?" Sam guesses. "But you're not sure if Dean's noticed it himself?"
So yeah, Dean isn't blind, but he
It's whatever, you know. One day your best friend is an angel and the next he's stealing fries from your plate. And it's fine, it's a-okay.
Cas looks at him for a while, brows furrowed, then looks away.
Now he is. Very much so.
Dean's not afraid of intimacy, he thinks. Cas knows for a fact that Dean has been intimate with many women. And yes, that's probably a different kind of intimacy. Humans make funny distinctions like that. Like love isn't the same as love isn't the same as love.
It wasn't always easy being an angel, but Cas was powerful,
"Thank you, Dean," he says, but it sounds sad.
"Morning," Dean sighs, pushing himself away from the counter. He claps Sam on the shoulder as he walks by him, and leaves, just like that, tugging at Cas' heart in the process.
Being part of the team, like everything else it seems, is more difficult once Cas is human. He's a decent hunter - he knows this - when it comes to the actual
"When he's around you, you mean?" Sam asks.
And yet here he is, jealously writhing inside, and a venomous taste like gall. And he can't sleep, of course. Because his ears pick up every little faint sound that comes from behind the wall.
. And he doesn't know why, can't explain it. But it feels like a hook is pierced into his skin and whenever he wants to reach out to one of the brothers for help it pulls him back, won't let him go. An anxiety so constant and humbling, and Castiel doesn't know why it's there or where it came from, or whether it's ever going to go away.
"Guess so." Dean throws his jacket onto the couch to use as a pillow. Thinking about Victor Carr, he adds "I'd be pissed too if my buddy shot me for the gold we were supposed to share."
Cas takes a step closer to Dean and does the same.
"Already thought of what to say to him?" Sam keeps pushing, and Cas starts feeling unsteady. He did
It seems so. Cas looks at the honey and brightly-colored bee-print socks in his lap and grins stupidly.
"When Dick's dead," Dean sighs, "whatever happens to us, you come find me, and you tell me, okay?"
Cas moves, then suddenly there's a hand in Dean's hair, fingers threading through carefully. It feels amazing, and Dean closes his eyes and sighs. The gentle movement of Cas' fingertips on his scalp sends shivers down his spine. He holds on to the feeling, forcing it deep into his memories as to never forget it. And that is how he slips into unconsciousness; with Castiel's loving touch on his mind and a heart full of hope.
"Oh." Cas turns over and happily buries his embarrassment in the pillow.
"Oh," Dean says again. He feels dumb. Once he processes Cas' words, there's a fluttering in his stomach he has a hard time ignoring.
"You're gonna make some," Dean sighs. "Hell, you've made many." He holds up a hand to stop Cas from interrupting. Cas looks up at him with hurt on his face. "It's okay, we all did. You shouldn't worry about it so much."
Dean can't help but break out in laughter and throws up the rest of the strips in his hands towards Cas. Cas has a big lopsided grin on his face, and Dean feels his stomach flutter at the sight. They look at each other for a moment, then - at the same time - throw themselves towards the box to grab more. Dean is faster, and he manages to unload a fistful of lametta over Cas's shoulders. Cas, with his proclivity to the dramatic, laughs out loud, and defends himself by picking up the whole box and upending it over Dean, who goes to the ground, half from the lametta raining over him, half from laughing so hard that his knees have given out. Cas chucks the empty box away and hears Sam laugh with them as Cas follows Dean to the ground. He starts picking at Dean, grabbing tufts of lametta and attempting to decorate Dean's clothes with them, which isn't easy because they're both shaking from laughter. He takes from Dean's shoulder and puts some in the pocket of his shirt instead, then picks some from Dean's hair and sticks it behind Dean's ear. Dean calms down at the touch, so Cas does too, and they grin at each other as Cas continues his work.
He shakes his head, lowers it. "Forget it."
Castiel sits up and fixes his shirt, facing Dean.
"Don't," Dean interrupts him. "Don't say it, Cas. Not now," he begs. "Not when we're all about to die."
"Thanks, Dean," he says sarcastically. "I'm sure I can find a use for them."
"I'm not old," he defends himself.
Not three days later the bunker is filled with a loud e-guitar solo coming from the sound system. Dean enters the war room dramatically, nodding along. Sam looks up from his research, laughs. Before he can say anything:
"Still not happening," Dean says, throat dry. He fights to put a sarcastic smile on his face. He's not going to confess to yearning for the feeling of safety Cas watching over him would inevitably bring.
Cas takes his time answering, finishes his entire plate first. Sam waits patiently.
make Dean want to lean in and kiss it off like the guy in that stupid rom-com did. And that his fingers keep brushing over Cas' hand when they've settled into the couch again, listening to Sam telling stories from their childhood, has absolutely
comes Dean's faint reply, and Sam drops down onto the mattress again and groans quietly, lifting his arms above his head and balling his hands into fists. He wants to scream.
Cas' eyes open slowly, and his gaze travels up, stopping at Dean's lips for a short while, then continuing up until they meet Dean's eyes.
Dean continues. He strokes Cas' back for a second, muttering "Okay, relax...", then starts kneading again, working Cas' back in a slow but determined fashion.
There's the pity, right there on Cas' face. Fuck.
"Dean," Cas says, "Despite what you may believe: I am not crazy. I just... I know now. What I've felt for humanity, for Earth, and for you, this whole time...."
He thought he loved Dean back when he was an angel. Now he isn't quite so sure that what he felt was love. Maybe angels couldn't
A soft chuckle.
know what to say to Dean.
Step.
. (But don't tell Sam that.)
"We're missing the angel on top," Sam says, nodding upwards.
Dean really doesn't want to fuck this up.
Sam laughs. "Sure."
And Dean knows that he means it.
Cas squints at him in concentration. "You're afraid to fall asleep," he concludes.
Cas says.
"What'm I s'pposed to do?" Dean mumbles into the mattress.
Sam closes his eyes, frowns.
Cas drops to the mattress again and tries to calm himself. "Yes," he replies.
Dean's sure that Cas means both Dean and Sam, and yet his snarky reply is stuck in his throat. He swallows hard and sits down on the couch.
"Yes," Castiel says again, feeling rather stupid.
"Yeah," Sam confirms. "Just fight through it. You'll feel better once you've talked to him." At least I hope so*, Sam adds in his mind.
Dean nods back and sits down next to him awkwardly, meeting his crystal blue eyes and finally recognizing the tender look in them - the look that's always been there - as love.
Sam gives Cas some time to elaborate, but Cas only continues to eat his fruit.
Cas feels Dean's gaze and returns it, and then suddenly Dean feels soft skin against his hand and Cas' fingers wrapping around his own, gently interlocking them. Cas turns his head towards the tree again, but his hand stays in Dean's, and Dean feels like his heart is about to explode into a million pieces, when Sam interrupts the moment.
Dean grips the front of the trench coat and pulls Cas closer. Their eyes meet, and for a second Dean thinks that Cas is leaning in, quick breaths and eyes flickering down to his lips. He panics and lowers his head and brushes the lametta in his hair off onto Cas, who laughs, huffs and puffs, and finally raises his hands in defeat.
After the burgers are eaten, the three men return to the living room. Sam's carrying two bottles of cinnamon beer ("Disgusting," Dean comments). Dean took the eggnog from the kitchen for himself and offers Cas some of it. Having never tried it, Cas is very excited to taste it. The line of eggnog on Cas' upper lip after taking a sip definitely
"'s okay," he mumbles through the toothbrush.
Sam cocks a gun from a corner of the room. "It must be the gold. He never actually owned it but it was technically his because of the deal," he says.
There's a banging in Dean's head, a heavy
"Got it," Cas says, voice muffled in the pillow. He runs his hands over the linen beside it, preparing to grab it to calm himself. His whole body is screaming at him, the points of contact between him and Dean glowing hot, shooting sparks through his veins.
Cas regards him for a few seconds before pulling off the socks he's wearing and putting on the new ones. "They're very soft." He smiles again.
Cas thinks for a moment. "Why were
Dean traces his scar with a finger. "It's there, it's always gonna be, and I don't care. Haven't thought about it since I got it, actually." He stops tracing. "It's just a weird bit of skin. It doesn't matter."
"I would have gotten it myself," Cas begins, looking forlorn, "but since I am not an angel anymore I had to ask one of my brothers for help. I hope you appreciate it despite that." He reveals a potted flower with a large white blossom.
It's not like Dean to admit to needing someone (someone human) though, so Sam doesn't pressure him to. So Sam bites his tongue when Dean hands him the key to the single room and proceeds to go off with Cas to the other one.
Dean shuffles a few inches closer to Cas and leans back, frowning at the movie preview. Sam presses play.
He comes back an hour later, drawn in by the smell of freshly baked cookies. The kitchen floor is covered in flour, and empty pots are all around the messy countertop. Dean is wiping it off as good as he can, and Castiel is kneeling in front of the oven, staring into it, assumingly to watch the second batch of cookies bake.
Cas looks at Dean intently. "Yes," he agrees, face scrunched together, "I think so."
"Dean, can we talk?" Cas asks carefully, eyes fixed on the spoon he's drying off. In his peripheral vision, he sees Dean go still and turn his head towards him.
"So, one night to make sure, then back home?" Sam asks.
, and despite everything Dean makes breakfast for the lot of them, every day, waiting for Sam's polite
No answer.
Cas takes a moment to answer. "Okay."
Just one look at Dean in his crumpled sweatpants and sleep-in shirt, fuzzy face and bed hair and grumpy demeanor, sipping his coffee (black) and shoveling in his eggs (almost black) is all it takes: Cas feels lost again.
Then, of course, step three: Get rid of these obstacles, and watch as a new love blooms in their bunker.
Dean whips around to see what's wrong.
"Really?" Sam asks, glancing at the bag. He walks over and pulls some of the stuff out - flour, milk, cartons of eggs, and a small box of cookie cutters. Dean takes them from Sam and throws the box on the counter next to where Cas is standing. He rips it open as Sam stores their food in the fridge and cupboards, then turns it over to empty its contents on the countertop. Cas glances over, interested.
Cas wants to ask why, but the food is smelling too delicious to ignore. He grabs a fork from the silverware drawer and starts eating without even sitting down. As he does so, he feels Dean's gaze on him.
"I don't know how," Cas finally says. The
And Castiel sits on his bed, and cries.
Dean's words are cut off when suddenly there's a weight against him, Cas' breath in his mouth, their teeth clashing together, and a hand on his jacket pulling him closer. A soft sound escapes him, and he melts into the kiss instinctively, burying his fingers in the front of Cas' shirt. Only after several seconds he grabs ahold of his thoughts and pulls away from the angel.
"Oh." Cas looks thoroughly disappointed. "Why not?"
Dean perks up an eyebrow. "Is that so? And how would you do that?"
Cas takes a deep breath and walks closer to the bed, comes to a halt right next to it and doesn't say anything for a while.
"Okay, lie down," Dean says, rolling up his sleeves.
Dean eyes it suspiciously and opens it. His eyes go wide as soon as the box is open. Incredulously he grabs the first thing he sees and puts it on his head. It's a cowboy hat, and it doesn't look cheap either. He grins widely. "You know me so well," he says and digs into the rest of the contents. He pulls out a dark blue bandana, a bolo tie, a belt buckle, and rough bootcut jeans with chaps, and examines it all closely. "This is great, Sammy." He holds the jeans up to himself and wiggles his hips. "I'd look amazing in these, huh?"
Dean pulls his legs onto the bed, tugs the blanket up over himself and settles in. A
, and Cas is
In short, Cas feels like a burden. And he tells Dean so one day when he can't take it anymore. Dean just disinfected a wound on Cas' shoulder, and it keeps stinging even after Dean has wrapped it in bandages.
"Our reasons are probably similar," Cas says.
Dean takes some of the strips and grins. "We'll find something else to decorate," he says and lays one golden strip over Cas' head.
"On your stomach, genius," Dean tells him.
"Thanks, Cas," Dean says automatically. "Really, thanks," he adds after closing his eyes for a second to calm himself down.
"Chick-flick moments, yes," Cas finishes for him. "I am aware."
"You? Drinking hot chocolate?" he asks, and starts to scroll down Netflix to find a movie.
Step.
"Why's that?" Sam asks.
"Beyond the obvious physical beauty..." Cas begins and ponders for a moment. "When I look at them, I feel like I can see inside you, see your soul. Like I'm an angel again."
He doesn't know much about massages. He knows they involve a lot of touching, which is why he asked Dean to do it for him. He doesn't know how intimate it is supposed to be, maybe not at all. Or maybe it is, because last time Dean said Sam wouldn't do it for him. Then again, Dean also said that he himself wouldn't do it. And anyway, Dean probably doesn't think of moments like these in measures of intimacy the way Castiel did.
Dean leans in to kiss the corner of it, soft and quick, and when he pulls back Cas' eyes are closed.
"His lips are swollen," Dean retorts, eyes on Sam.
"Okay," Dean says, because what the hell else is he supposed to say? He's staring down at his shoes, feeling terrible. He misses Cas too, every minute he isn't there. But Dean doesn't know how to say that out loud, or even if he wants to. Doesn't it mean just as much even if it goes unsaid? Surely Cas knows that their...
Dean beams at Cas' words, and promptly pulls down his pants.
"Good night, Dean," Cas says.
It's a plan. Cas doesn't know if it's a good one, though. Unsure, he meets Sam's eyes.
Dean turns to look at Cas for this one, moves around the table, closing in, puts a hand on Cas' shoulder, leans down-
Why? Because apparently humans need eight (according to the internet) or six (according to Sam) or at the very least four (according to Dean) hours of sleep, and Cas is barely getting them.
"Everything okay, Cas?" Dean asks, almost a whisper.
Cas looks up at him.
Cas looks confused now, and honestly a bit annoyed, and puts the book he's been reading on the table, not breaking their eye contact.
"Okay, but...?" Sam digs deeper.
of the light switch and a turn, then he's staring into the dark, lying on his side, facing away from Cas.
Dean takes care of Cas as best he can, treating every little bruise and scrape. Cas could do it himself, but Dean likes nursing Cas back to health, and damnit, he can allow himself to enjoy something for once - to hell with Sam's knowing glances.
"Sam and Jack are still in the library, researching," Cas reports when Dean doesn't say anything.
Sam quirks an eyebrow at him and rips the Christmas wrapper off. Two small packages fall into his lap. He picks up one of them, and his face falls.
Dean shakes his head to snap out of it and looks away. "It'll be better tomorrow," he promises.
Dean presses his pillow over his head and mutters "... n't mornin' yet...", and Cas whispers "It's the 25th," which makes Dean look at his alarm clock sluggishly. It shows a glowing
Cas tries to sit up, and the building begins to spin. He makes a choking sound instead of answering, and presses his eyes shut in an attempt to stabilize his surroundings.
Sam gapes at him. "Dean, what has gotten into you? He's going to be
"Thank you, Dean," Cas says as Dean hands him a plate as he always does. Cas holds it steady as Dean unloads the food on it, and says "You don't have to do this anymore, Dean. I know how to cook breakfast."
It's a pair of glasses. Sam can't believe it. He looks between them and Dean.
Dean lets out a questioning "
He wants to stay awake, Cas at his side. He wants to pretend this is their normal. He wants to feel Cas' breathing deepening, wants to hear his soft snores, wants to notice every time Cas moves. But he's tired, and wrapped up in warm blankets, and his stomach is full with delicious self-made cookies which remind him of his baking adventure with Cas, so soon he slips into wonderful dreams about a Christmas angel in a trench coat.
Sam helps them through it, every step of the way, sometimes with loving, encouraging words, other times by not saying anything at all, if that's what his brother needs.
"Cas?"
Cas looks up again, a soft smile on his lips. "You're welcome, Dean."
Sam puts his hand on Cas' lower back and shoves him towards Dean, who's facing away. Sam and Cas share a look, Cas not very pleased, and Sam leaves with a rushed "Have fun!" before Cas can start complaining.
"Not really," Cas says while chewing.
It's hard for Dean, too. It's hard to stop pushing all his feelings down, expressing them instead. It's hard to work jobs because now he worries even more that someone might get hurt.
Castiel is absolutely
Sam told him that it might take him a long time to learn how to turn off his thoughts when going to sleep. But Sam didn't understand. Castiel didn't have problems falling asleep when he first became human. In fact, he couldn't get enough of it. Something is different now, now that he lives and hunts with the brothers, now that he accepts what he is feeling for Dean. Last night it took him ages to even become drowsy, rolling around in his bed, uncomfortable, hot, loud thoughts keeping him awake.
"Uhm," Dean says, and it seems to pull Cas back into the present.
"It's not," Cas says. "It's the making mistakes I'm worried about."
"I mean— It's fine, I'm fine," Dean assures him, moving his hands through his hair. "I'm just worried I won't be— in control anymore, once I wake up again."
, gesturing to Cas to come cuddle in with him, and Cas can't say no to that, so it's not the right time anyways.
Castiel is tired.
"Promise?"
"It's alright, Dean." It really is. Cas wouldn't mind more overreactions in the future, if it meant breathing in Dean's air.
A noise comes from the kitchen door and Cas turns around, plate in hand, to see Sam. He looks well-rested and healthy of course, in his running outfit, glowing compared to them, and even has a smile plastered on his face.
"I love it, Dean," he says, picking up one of the socks and examining it closer. The bee print is pretty and detailed, not cartoonish, and the golden color ties it all together. "Thank you," he says and meets Dean's eyes.
"You're welcome, honey," Dean replies, and there's a short uncomfortable pause before: "Ermm, you're welcome
Dean, down on the mattress, suddenly has Cas' thighs directly in front of his face. He turns around, continues staring into the blackness of the room. He can't hear Micheal over the sound of his own blood rushing in his ears, but he knows the archangel is there, waiting for him to drop his guard.
"Cas, I'm not going to leave you," he starts, just to get that out of the way so that maybe he can see Cas smile again. "You won't ever have to be... without me, okay?"
"So, looks like you have a concussion. That means bed rest for you, kiddo," Dean says, flushing the toilet and pushing Cas towards the bed.
"Whoa, that should be enough tinsel," Sam says and moves the box to the ground so he can open the last box too, which is, again, full of ornaments, and also includes a long string of lights.
"Yes," Cas confirms. "It's all so much clearer now," he says, as if that explained anything.
Cas remains unreadable to him, so Dean ventures on.
"I want to," Dean grunts, scraping the rest from the pan and setting it aside again.
Cas looks at him and ponders. "I can't sleep," he says, and there's a soft whine in his voice that makes Dean groan.
It's the human things: The shortness of breath. The spinning sensation. The ridiculous rush of blood into his face whenever Dean touches him. The way Castiel can feel his
"Because... Every time I try, I start feeling sick again. I must have not recovered from the concussion yet."
"Great," Dean grunts. "How the hell are we supposed to burn
, but not expecting anything from Cas because the sight of Cas beaming, shoveling eggs into his mouth like his life depends on it, makes up for it thousandfold.
Cas swallows heavily and sets the dry spoon aside. His fingers curl into the towel on the counter as he turns towards Dean. He thinks maybe he can actually do it now, confess, if he doesn't think about it too much, doesn't let the fear inside him rise. But he doesn't find the words fast enough, and all that stumbles out is "I-, you-, I can't-, I don't
