Tony stills, laser focus finding its target. He does not turn around. “Wow, you really didn’t learn your lesson, huh? I know it’s hard to get anything through your thick, stubborn skull, but hot damn Gunslinger you’re really going for it this time.”
“Punny,” Tony says wryly, turning. Loki’s closer than before, and Tony holds still for his inspection, the line of his mouth thinning as he circles around and sees what is likely a sizeable bloody mess spread across Tony’s left shoulder. He stills at the touch of Loki’s fingers on the sensitive skin at his nape.
“I told you; I need you to meet me in the middle,” Steve says, solemn. His eyes gleam bright and crystalline in the light, bathing half of his face in gold, and Tony can’t do anything but kiss him.
Tony nods, even though that’s two things. Even though he knows he won’t. He can’t trust himself to speak. He feels numb with grief. Nothing’s hurt this bad since Jarvis—the old, human Jarvis—died. He’s two seconds away from bawling like a child.
Pym took the reins from him, reaching for the saddle’s buckles and frowning at Stark. Flower nickered, nosing at Pym’s ears. “I’ll take care of Flower, you take care of Rogers, yeah?”
“Oh god,” he mutters, mostly to himself. “This is fucking terrifying. Why is it hot?”
Tony laughs, his head tipping back, baring the long line of his throat. Against his skin, old bruises from battle run into the new: mottled yellow and green mixing with the new red and purple, layers of evidence of Steve’s mouth overlapping and mixing against the olive tones of his throat.
“Thor isn’t here,” Steve says firmly from behind him.
Tony laughs and pulls out of the garage.
His living quarters felt neglected when he took the elevator down. Maybe it was just his imagination, but he hadn’t slept in his bed in weeks, and when he pulled out the old Dell computer he’d bought on his own before moving into the tower, it took what felt like ages to boot up properly. He was probably being paranoid, but it seemed like a stupid mistake to do research on Tony’s personal medical information on one of the communal StarkPads. He had his own laptop, too, but he knew that Tony was always fiddling with it, adding one thing or another to make it better. Tony did that with all the StarkTech that the team left lying around, more habit than anything else. He’d be sitting at the table eating a bowl of cereal, and next thing Clint knew his phone was keyed to vibrate in a specific way that it would transmit through most objects more noticeably.
“What?” he asks. “What did I do?”
“You liked being in charge, having me at your mercy. How did I look, squirming for you while you held me down? How did it feel, watching me? Having me there, under your hands, just for you to touch, to kiss, to control and hold and loving every second of it-”
“Where are we going?” Tony complained.
Steve leans in to kiss him, and for a long few minutes they just stay like that, Steve kissing him and Tony letting himself be kissed, reaching back to tangle his fingers in Steve’s long, thick hair. He’s let it grow out so much, mostly keeping it back with product, but Tony kind of likes the way his bangs hang down when he leans in to kiss him in the mornings or after a shower. Right now, his hair hangs free, and Tony cards his fingers through it and rocks his hips back a little, slow and easy.
“Steve,” Tony calls with forced casualness, “please get up so I can pee in peace.”
“What am I doing wrong?”
“What, because he’s black or because Steve’s shit at politics?” Falcon quips, and Tony can see the tell-tale signs of Rhodey trying to restrain laughter from where he’s engaged in conversation on the pavement below. He falls into parade rest, trying for casual and failing. God help him.
"Did you go to church?" Tony blurts out, because he's a hot mess who's been awake for 52 hours.
“How long does it take for a spell you’ve cast to wear off after you die?”
“You’ll get grease on you,” he warns, perhaps meaning something else entirely, but Natasha only smiles thinly.
“Yes, alpha,” Steve agreed immediately, and Tony smiled at him.
Loki hums thoughtfully in what sounds like agreement. The spluttering choking noise behind him implies Clint hears it, and Tony barely makes it into his quarters before breaking into hysterical laughter. He might also be crying, he isn’t sure.
“No thanks are required. I am simply glad, if you are feeling better.”
“No, it’s okay,” Steve said, probably flushed an absolutely mortifying shade of puce based on how hot his face felt. He waved a hand, then offered Tony one of the rolled towels they keep on the bench for cooldown. “I asked. And we’ve been sparring. Your adrenaline’s gotta be high.”
“You’re not wearing your blockers,” Bruce tells him, and Tony freezes. He goes back over the morning, and realises that Bruce is right. He didn’t apply anything to his bonding or scenting glands when he came home. He was too hungover to remember.
“You have no idea what the view is like back here,” Tony tells him conversationally.
Steve glances at Tony, remembering their conversation about Loki’s potential premonitions. Tony no longer looks ready to take Loki apart, although his expression is still flat, only blandly curious. His eyes gleam, full of quiet fury.
Sam looks like he doesn’t know what to do with Steve sitting on his doorstep in the middle of the night, elbows propped on his knees, hands in his hair, but he doesn’t look surprised either. He hefts his bag, then steps around him, unlocking the door and going inside without a word. Steve follows him like a dejected puppy, aware of the picture he makes and not caring. He locks the door behind him and follows Sam into the kitchen.
The expression on Rogers’ face was one of disappointment and resignation. “Is no day sacred to you?”
Tony pulls his shirt on and tugs the hem over his stomach, silent as he waits for the rest of it. He puts on his watch, turns back for a pair of socks. Loki is looking at his hands, clearly somewhere far away from here, and Tony wishes desperately that he had Steve’s ability to look invested and sympathetic at the overemotional drop of a hat.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony is fidgeting, fingers tapping on the arc reactor, eyes flitting around the elevator. Steve remembers the fight they had here, only three weeks ago. When he considers it, he can hardly believe how little time it’s been. It feels like it’s been months.
“I’m fine,” Steve snaps, but he lets Tony take his hand and guide it to his neck, the other pressed to his chest beside the arc reactor so he can feel his heartbeat, his breathing.
“Thanks,” he says, more than a little sheepish, but Pepper just smiles at him.
“I know,” Tony says, holding up a hand. He takes another bite of his sandwich, and Steve stares at him, brow furrowed. “But if we’re such a mess, do you really think it’s a good idea to get tangled up in something even more complicated right now?”
Tony had been the one to extend the olive branch. Steve wasn’t sure he deserved it after he’d been proven wrong in such a nuclear fashion, but Tony had used that branch to build a safety nest of routine and casual intimacy so fast that Steve didn’t even notice he’d been falling before he was caught, held safe and warm in Tony’s regard. He’d been floundering in the new world, and Tony had seen him and pulled him up. He’d given Thor a drinking buddy to have the kind of raucous remembrance of home that he so missed. He’d given Clint open access to the roof and someone to trade vicious barbs with, someone who wouldn’t shrink from his anger or treat him like he was spun from glass. Tony broke people down and played them like he did his machines, testing their sounds and their abilities, then quietly providing them with everything they needed to function at peak capacity. Steve would have bristled at it, if he wasn’t so ashamed.
“All right.” A gasp, a shift of fabric, the quiet sounds of kissing. “All right. I’ll stay.”
"Loki says yes."
“Does anybody? This life doesn’t leave much room for romance.” Sam heaves himself up from the grass, dusting himself off a bit. “Come on, let’s get your sorry ass on the road so you can save the day and get the boy, or whatever it is you people do for fun.”
“Steve, stay with me, okay? Help’s coming, just, stay with me. Stay. Hold on. Stay with me, don’t- you can’t, don’t go, just-”
“That sounds appealingly difficult,” Tony says, grinning, because he can totally see it. “Ooh, and it’ll light up!”
“That’s not funny,” he says, because it isn’t. But now that she’s said it, he can’t stop thinking about it: Rogers’ hand brushing his hair back, his pained expression, the careful way he’d moved through the room while Tony was getting his bearings.
“Boo,” Steve says, just to amuse himself. He watches her scurry from the room with an admittedly uncharitable snicker.
“If the military knew what elegance in design was, we would have never needed Iron Man,” he retorts. He pulls the helmet off of the suit and lets JARVIS walk it over to the rig to do the heavy duty repair. A hissing breath escapes between his teeth when he sees the damage. “If this had taken any more hits, it would have gone through my actual occipital. I would be blind, maybe dead.”
“If I may,” JARVIS says. An image pops up where Steve’s face used to be. Tony turns his head, curious, and then raises his eyebrows. It’s his Pamela Hanson photoshoot.
“No, I just- Pepper, she said that Tony had- uh. That there had been, um. Tall blondes. But, while they were together. I don’t-…”
Tony doesn’t know how long he stands there. Long enough for the last humid hint of spring chill to leave him shivering, damp clothes clinging to the small of his back. The dried blood begins to itch, flaking off his skin. The moonless sky glimmers with the faintest hint of stars, bright polaris the only easy, glittering target in the whole mess.
“I wished to see,” Loki says, and Tony considers this.
“You’re an ass,” Rhodey says, and Tony grins at him and steps out of the workshop, heading up the stairs and towards the penthouse suite. He measures out the battle as he goes, considering weaknesses and gaps in the fight, where to place who. They’re outpowered, he knows, but that’s never stopped them before. He’ll just have to play the board carefully.
“Listen to me,” he says, and Tony closes his mouth. “I’ve never been as close to anyone as we’ve become and had it be platonic. Not once in my life have I had a friend like you. Do you understand what I mean?”
“I’ll be sure to tell Natasha that.”
“Do you want a hug now?” Franklin asks him, and Steve nods. “Okay. And then I’ll go get daddy for you. Even if I’ll get in trouble.”
“I want you to take me for granted,” Steve confesses in return. He closes his eyes, presses his forehead to Tony’s. “I want you to be able to trust me again, like we used to. I want to trust you like that, too.”
“And Tony,” Steve presses, “he’s okay?”
“Are you sure-”
Steve winces. “You-… I know I made mistakes. I was selfish.”
“Lockdown initiated, sir.”
“It’s never over,” Steve sighs. He pulls back, rolling his neck around his shoulders. He tugs his left arm back, the crunch loud enough that even Tony hears it. “Damn it, Tash.”
A trembling smile quirks Tony’s mouth.
“Good,” Tony croons. “Good boy.”
“And why are you assuming you’re going to be dead so soon?” Steve demanded.
Bruce shrugs eloquently. “It’s likely-”
“Why?” Tony asks, frowning.
The professor tilts his head to the side for a moment, considering. “May I do something unkind, to illustrate a point?”
“Is that why we’re fighting?” she asks, not taking her eyes off of Steve and Clint. The corner of her mouth moves, a strange kind of half-smile. It’s almost like the one Tony knows is just for him, but slightly more bitter.
“Don’t mind me.”
“Oh fuck,” Steve says, from where he’s half-trapped under Tony’s body.
“How is that different than what I just said?”
“Certainly, Captain.”
Steve wants to tell him not to blame himself, but he knows that would be a waste of breath. He tries to tighten his grip on Tony’s wrist.
“Time is…fuzzy,” Natasha says. Her voice slips, the faintest hint of her original Russian accent slipping in. Her eyes are far away as she speaks. “I was young when we first met, because I was still short. Based on my memory of what I looked like, I would estimate that I was about fourteen. Maybe fifteen. He was brought in for specialised training, for the Widows. Only the accelerated students were allowed to test their mettle against him. I lasted the longest. I was very proud.” She shakes her head, slowly. “The next time, he nearly killed me, to prove a point. I hated him for that. For a long time, I hated him. He terrified me.”
“And?” he mutters. Clint glances at him curiously, but doesn’t say anything.
“As promised, few active targets on the night shift. The compound reveals ten combatants in the upper floors, on patrol. Roughly fifty in the lower; some of the rooms are lined to prevent surveillance. Heat signatures are gathered in what I presume to be the commissary. The Captain is most likely locked in a sub-basement with The Enchantress; I cannot find either on external scans.”
“Do you not think he paid for them, in his years in exile?” Shuri asks. Tony opens his mouth, then closes it again. “Often strong emotions are re-contextualised by circumstance. The wound is fresh for you. I understand. But you should know, so that when you see him, you better understand his actions.”
He just wanted to believe DJ knew what he was doing.
“Right.” He hit the gas.  “What did you mean, what?”
There was a rustling sound, and then Peter's head popped up back over the balcony railing.  "Natasha caught him," he said.
"What I've found, sir, is that when you are presented by a small, scared child, you find a nearly limitless reservoir of baseless optimism, because the alternate is untenable." He smiled.  "You have ten minutes to pull yourself together, and then we will both be going to be reassuring.”
Billy gave him an exasperated look.  “I’ve been in and out of these homes since I was barely able to talk,” he said, without inflection.  “And the moment I age out, I’ll be tossed to the curb without so much as a tip of your cap.  Don’t expect pity if you’ve got none to give.”
Rogers smiled, just a little.  “I’m not having this fight with your helmet.”
In the function room, he tied off the garbage bag, leaving it by the door for easy pickup, and looked around.  The mistletoe alcove was going to have to come down, but he just the thought of it caused a strange sort of twinge in his chest.  It took him only a minute or two to pull the bells free, and the rest, he left where it stood.
Steve jogged up the stairs after Tony, pulling his shield off of his shoulder as they reached the front door.  “I go first,” he said.  “If he starts shooting at us-”
"A lot of people hate me," Steve said, and all three of them turned to look at him with varying degrees of pity.  He realized he had his arms crossed over his chest again and forced his hands back to his sides.  "I'm hateable."
Tony faced him, his chest tight.  He took a deep breath.  “Obie.  I am very thankful for everything you’ve done for the company, and me.  Because God knows, you were dedicated to Dad, and you’ve been dedicated to me.  To StarkMunitions, and even though you thought it was a mistake, you followed me right into StarkIndustries, with every bit of loyalty and enthusiasm that I could hope for.”
“The way back is clear,” the other said.  “For all of us.”
"His...  Dating history?" the photographer said.  He didn't sound certain anymore.  He was trying.  It was a good valiant try.  "With men and women?"
Teeth flashed, bright and white, and the man reached up, pushing his hood back.  “You always were a clever one, Wilson.”  He pushed himself to his feet, drawing himself up to his full height.  He was tall and broad, with square shoulders and a steady stance.  One eye was covered by an eyepatch, scar tissue extending from beneath the black silk.  He was bald, a neat beard framing his stern mouth.
“It's heading North,” Coulson said.  “And we've got an opening up ahead.  There's street work being done to repair a water main, traffic's at a minimum, local access only, and we have minimal sidewalk traffic.  It's the best place to pin this thing down and try to contain it.”
“Be nice,” Steve said, trying to keep a straight face.
But when Rogers held out his hand, Furbro jumped into his waiting palm, tail whipping through the air.  Rogers caught him, his fingers curling up, a protective little cradle.  “Hi,” he said to the lizard, who nibbled at his thumb.  Smiling, Rogers let it.  “Go ahead,” he said, his head still down, and that seemed to be all that DJ was waiting for.
“I can’t imagine why I’d want to get away from you,” Steve said.
“Well, you'll just have to wait for him to wake up and then ask him, then,” Sam said.  His eyebrows arched.  “And in the meantime, you have anything else to say?”
He smiled.  “I’m sorry you’re stuck here for the moment.  I’m sorry that you can’t go home.  But Deej?”  He scratched at the side of his head, making his hair stick up.  “I’m glad that whatever the reason, you ended up back here.  So that I got to know what happened, too.”
“I try not to listen to you, because it never works out well for me,” Pepper said.  “You.  Front lobby.  Ten minutes.  Happy'll be there.  Just...  Just do this for me.”
“If he’d been asked that question, and if he’d answered it…”  Stark turned to look at him.  “He would’ve said yes, and I think, he honestly would’ve believed it.  He did believe it.  So when you ask me if I’m a good father?” His mouth formed a smile that didn’t reach his eyes.  “My answer doesn’t matter.  What I think doesn’t matter.  What you think doesn’t matter.  The press, the public, it doesn’t matter.
Quietly, he disentangles himself from the pile of limbs in the centre of the bed, letting Lacey and Michelle find each other in their half-awake flailing and curl up in a sweet little ball in the middle of the bed. Tony appreciates the view for a moment before turning around and hopping into the shower. There’s absolutely no way he can go home smelling like this.
“Pretty god, tater tot.”
“Steve believed in the good in people, truly and sincerely, and that belief was a beacon,” Tony says, and Steve could laugh because Tony
But Steve doesn’t do any of that.
“No,” he says, “I actually do like talking to you. It’s…always interesting.”
“You like her,” Bruce says, and the way he says it means that there’s a lot Tony’s missing. “You like her
“I was so afraid,” Steve whispers. “Clint was so sure he saw you go down hard, but we couldn’t find you. And you weren’t on comms, and I’d been ‘bout half a mile up trying to corral the civilians in Grand Central, and-”
Clint wasn’t going to let this go. He was going to ask Tony, Steve knew, as soon as they were together again. Steve had no idea what Tony was going to say to him. Tony was the pack alpha, and Clint the only unbonded omega on the team. With Natasha and Bruce’s unique biological conditions, and Thor’s alien physiology, the one who had the most to lose after Steve was Clint. Pack bonds were integral to the continued emotional and physical health of an omega, especially an unbonded one. It was part of why the Howling Commandos had been so close-knit; a pack functioned more cohesively in the field than unattached agents. More than that, though, Steve knew that most of the Avengers had never had anything approaching a real pack, not like what they had now. The Red Room trained its operatives to need no one. Both Bruce and Clint had grown up in broken homes. Thor didn’t have a nature at all. Tony had been brutally betrayed by his own pack alpha, and his pack had consisted of no one but Stane, Pepper, and Rhodes for years. Out of all of them, only Steve had ever known what a healthy pack was like before this, and even that had been a military operation. This was the closest thing to family that any of the team had ever had. Having a strong alpha-omega pair leading them was a rarity in the modern age, and one that made everyone in the pack feel safer, more secure, happier. Steve couldn’t imagine how Clint felt, knowing that something was threatening their alpha, their whole pack, and it was being kept from him.
“Make it snappy!” Tony calls. “My scanners are down. My display is basically snow right now.”
To itself, to the stranger who has loved you
“I’ve got a lead.”
"I cannot." He sounds upset about it. "I don't have the ability to scan for magical energy inside the suit, sir."
A few things happen in quick succession, then. First is that Tony pulls back as though he’s been scalded. His eyes are huge behind his sunglasses, painfully vulnerable. He looks terrified, his scent quickly turning sour, and Steve has just long enough to think
“Steve,” Tony said, an easy smile taking over his face. He held up a glass of green goop. “Want some smoothie?”
Tony nods. “It’ll come slow, and then it’ll hit you in the face,” he agrees. “That’s why it’s better to start treatment early. Take it from someone who refused; it’s the fucking worst to do it alone.”
"M’gonna make a suit that'll come to me wherever I am," he says. "Teeensy tiny little jets. Pieces that fly independently and interlock in motion. Magnets. Microhinges! I hate them. It's a nightmare, why do I do this to myself? I came out here to my plush, custom-made California king bed and I've barely even seen it. If I could just get this stupid fucking vambrace aligned-!"
, he realizes, and didn’t that sting like a bitch. Cap had been handling him like a rogue asset.
Steve shuffles around awkwardly on his knees, then turns and winds his arms around Tony’s neck. He nudges their noses together, playful and utterly irresistible. “Put your hands on my stomach,” he tells him.
“I’m more of a brownie man, myself,” Tony admits, taking slices of apple as Clint lays them out and placing them in careful concentric circles. He knows better than to ruin Clint’s vision when he’s in this state. “But I do see how disappointing that is, Captain America not liking apple pie.”
“Nope,” Peter says, with the kind of glee that only shit-stirrers can manifest. “He’s in the common room drinking a beer and arguing about Dog Cops with Clint.”
The fight is brutal.
“Warn the team, would you? Just so they don’t freak out, if they see him zipping around outside.”
. He was so hard, his briefs still clutched in his fingers. He let out a soft whine. “
Tony scrapes his teeth over the skin, grinning when Steve lets out a choked-off moan at the feel of it. He presses wet kisses across Steve’s chest, running his hands over all that smooth, firm muscle. His fingertips trace the lines of Steve’s abdomen, the cut of his hips, up his arms and over his grasping fingers. It’s not as much sexy as it is claiming, but he can’t stop touching Steve. He’s warm and sweet under him, tilting his head back, exposing his throat, and that’s just an invitation Tony can’t ignore.
“She is not powerful enough on her own,” JARVIS says, and Tony takes the info for what it probably is; a message from Loki. “She may have gotten help from Doom. She’ll burn out quickly, at this rate. All you have to do is outlast her.”
“This matters to you,” Steve says, sounding a little bemused, and Tony frowns.
“Nope,” Clint says. “Just tired and high. Nat was hungover, which, let me tell you, takes so much more
Tony laughs, glancing at the nearest security camera. “Boyfriend material? JARVIS, what the hell have you been up to?”
“Captain?”
“I don’t think I can stand-” Tony begins, but Steve keeps a firm hand on his wrists, holding Tony pinned flush against the wall. He pulls Tony’s dusty shop jeans down until they’re pooled around his ankles. The low growl of want that looses from his throat at the sight of Tony mostly naked and hard in front of him is half-feral, and Tony can feel his cock twitch under Steve’s hungry gaze.
Steve frowns. “You were a kid struggling with an oppressed identity during a deadly pandemic that was killing your friends. That’s not cowardice, Tony. You were protecting yourself.”
Something settles into place in Tony’s chest. A small smile slowly makes its way over his face, breaking warm and welcome as daylight. “I’m always so surprised by how kinky you are,” Tony murmurs, and Steve shivers sweetly in his arms. “Darling-”
Tony breaks off with a gasp, eyes flickering behind them, and all at once Steve realises that the open living plan of the common area means that there’s nothing stopping Natasha and Bruce from seeing everything, and that he’s painfully hard under the cradle of Tony’s hips.
Tony glances down at him, amusement creeping over his mouth, twisting it into a wicked curve. “Sure about that, Cap?” His thighs tighten around Steve’s waist, reminding Steve of the predicament he’s in.
“You want my knot?” Tony asked, pressing his mouth up against Steve’s rim, licking between his fingers, and oh, his teeth-
what will I do
Steve doesn’t react. He takes him at his word, gently wiping the blood away in methodical, circular strokes. When he’s done, he leans in and presses a soft kiss to the centre of Tony’s chest, where the white tracery of scars from all of his myriad surgeries sits. Then he stands and tips Tony forward, nose to sternum, and does the same thing to his back.
“Sir, you have an incoming call from Agent Romanov.”
“No, no, it’s good?” Steve says, laughing awkwardly. “It’s- I’m good.”
“Tony, I’ve never been in a traditional, long-term relationship in my entire life,” he says, and that’s. Huh. “I’m not asking you to be good at dating. I already know you, Tony. We already know we get along, that we can work well together, that we can share a home, that we, uh.”
“Your friend Sam Wilson said that you hold yourself to a higher standard than the rest of the world. Do you disagree?”
Steve goes to rest his head against the wall, but all that does is put his head through and into the shower. For a moment, he pauses there: halfway between rooms, his disembodied form floating between. Tony grunts, low, and Steve takes a quick two steps into the shower. He sits down on the tile, puts his face between his knees.
Thor sobers a bit, wiping at his face. “Aye, Amora is well trained in magic, first by the norns and then later by Loki. And others.” Thor shakes his head a little, mouth twisting into something disgusted and cruel. “She panted after me and my brother like an animal in heat for some years, one of many who hoped Loki might become king before me. We both had our followers. I think she expected that she might fare better under Loki’s reign, being an enchantress as she deems herself.”
“That’s not a fair question, Cap,” he said, finally. It was quiet, defeated, and before Steve knew it he was moving, walking around the island and taking Tony’s wrists in his hands. “What-”
Lots of love to any essential/care workers out there. Stay safe. Stay inside.
“A perfect non-answer,” Tony nods, clapping his hands together. “I expected nothing less.”
Cap doesn’t say anything, and Tony sets his jaw. “Alright. So why are you coming with me, when this is some sort of a trap she’s setting up for us?”
Steve hisses in a breath.
Tony continues towards the coffee maker. He's not awake enough for this shit. Loki's loose haired and languid, wearing something black and cotton in lieu of his usual leathers. It’s laced with green at the throat, but seeing the pale, vulnerable lines of Loki’s collarbones makes something in Tony stutter and spark. It looks soft. He looks soft.
“Let him go,” he says, weary.
“I’ve seen you two fighting over the remote,” Spidey ribs him, body language loose and excited. “He’s getting better at it, isn’t he?”
I M G L A D Y O U H A D E A C H O T H E R, Steve tells him seriously. It’s a long sentence to tap out, but it feels important to say it right.
There is a moment where they are both, unspoken, reminded of what Reed said about pedestals and equal relationships. Tony has the grace to look sheepish, and Steve reaches out and shoves him down and ruffles his hair until Tony grins up at him from under his hand. Something about the boyish expression is enough to make Steve’s chest squirm with butterflies.
He did not say: you are useless like this. He did not say: you are in the way, here. He did not say: you are making things worse for your mate.
,” she purrs, fanning herself, and Tony throws up his hands, because no. He’s slept with 100% of the people in this room, and he has a line, okay? He does, and he’s found it.
“Knot me,” he begged, and Tony growled, the vibration making Steve cry out. “Please.”
“Have you talked to Thor, to corroborate his information?”
“What’s he do?” Wilson asks, propping one hip against the kitchen island.
“Are they?” Tony mutters, before he can stop himself, and Beth frowns at him.
“Oh,” Pepper says.
“Okay, Tony,” Steve concedes, and the grin he flashes over his shoulder is boyish. “Good morning, by the way.”
here?” he bites out, and Tony winces.
“Okay,” Steve says, moving closer to the bar so he can lean his arms on it. It brings him within touching distance of Tony, but neither of them are quite ready for that yet. “Say that’s true. What does Amora gain from keeping me from Bucky?”
Tony stiffens. “You could.”
“If you entertain this nonsense and we lose not just Captain America but Iron Man as well, that’s not just a loss for the superhero community. All of his employees-”
Steve’s funeral is just as crowded the second time.
“So!” Tony crows, clapping his hands together and walking over to them. “Heading to the Sanctorum?”
“I love you,” Steve whispered against his hipbone as he removed Tony’s boxers, grinning softly at the nuts and bolts print on them. He tossed them to the side, then glanced up to meet Tony’s eyes. He looked wild, a little confused, incredibly turned on. Steve wanted to eat him alive.
The whole sordid thing is going to come out before this indignity is over. Tony knows this, because he knows Steve. It is what he’s been dreading since he looked down and saw a squirming mass of slick red flesh where his legs and cock should be. Tony’s spent most of their relationship distantly dreading the day that Steve realises what he’s signed up for and changes his mind. Distantly, because Steve knows him, too; he knows the demons that live inside Tony’s head. After all their preceding years of friendship, he knows Tony so intimately that it feels like he will never scrape Steve out from the soft hollows of himself. Dating Steve—loving Steve,
The thing the beta majority and the alpha assholes in power didn’t want to acknowledge about omegas was that in many ways, they were far stronger than their alpha counterparts. Steve knew intimately what the propaganda said. It was the reason he’d been branded as an alpha, taken the heavy-duty suppressants calibrated for someone of his size and metabolism by Stark and Erskine before his death, applied two drops of synthetic pheromones to his scent glands every morning after washing up like clockwork. Omegas had been banned from the military, because omegas were weak and meant for childbirth. They were hyperfertile, with an 89% rate of conception after a heat with an alpha, compared to the 38% rate that betas had even when tracking and having sex during a beta female’s oestrus. What else could they be good for?
“Is that why the shield has ridges on it?” Steve asks, surprised. Years and years later, and he’s still learning new things from Tony every day.
“We figured, what with Doctor Strange trailing our float,” Joyce deadpans, and Tony flashes a grin at her.
― William Shakespeare,
The thing was rough, stiff almost. It smelled like so many different chemicals, Steve couldn’t even begin to place them all, and over that, a heavy layer of Tony’s sweat. Steve probably should have thought it disgusting, but Tony was his alpha. He was hardwired to love the scent of him, no matter how overpowering it might be on this particular garment. It had been through welding, and soldering, and fixing up engines and repulsors alike. It had been with Tony for far longer than Steve had, and he honestly wasn’t sure if Tony had washed it in the near year they’d been bonded. He didn’t think he’d ever seen it leave the shop.
He knows the professor might hear him, but he doesn’t particularly care. It’s nothing he hasn’t heard before, Steve’s sure.
“And the idea of that bothers you,” Tony mused, and Steve nodded. “Okay. I think we could do that. How does breakfast sound, tomorrow?”
“Guess I better enjoy my last month of freedom.”
“I am perfectly personable, unlike some,” JARVIS says primly, and Tony snickers. “The last of the legion is through.”
“Wow,” Steve murmurs, and he’s not looking at Tony’s face anymore. He’s staring at Tony’s tentacles, which have apparently decided to put on a light show: undulating bioluminescent bands of gold and warm, hot-coal orange line his tentacles from waist to tip in a gently waving pinstripe formation. It’s oddly mesmerising, and entirely embarrassing, because it is absolutely textbook mating behaviour.
“I…what I said wasn’t right,” Steve says, and Tony blinks heavy eyes at him, stifling a yawn. “I didn’t mean to imply…it’s none of my business, or. It wasn’t. It wasn’t any of my business how many people you were sleeping with, or have slept with, although I’d
“I’m going to try something,” is all the warning Steve gets. Steve raises his eyebrows, reaches out to tap a question into Tony’s shoulder. He doesn’t get the chance before his body is slipping away, being compressed down the way he’s used to feeling when he travels between his body and Tony. The world peels away from him, Tony as well, and he squeezes his eyes shut at the disorienting feeling of it happening without his intent.
“Oh my god,” he’s gasping, “Steve,
“Nope! None.”
“And how exactly are we supposed to become one, huh?” Tony asks, his lips moving against Steve’s mouth. Steve grins, takes Tony’s plush lower lip between his teeth.
"Do we know that all they took was files?" Natasha asks.
. He frowns, and turns around to face Maria, as if to check that she’s still there.
“Yeah, he does that. Dark and mysterious, it’s kind of his jam. Or crutch, let’s go with crutch. No flash bang, though, he must have liked you. You okay?”
“Tony,” Steve moans, and Tony leans in and sucks a bruise onto his trapezius as he fits his tentacle over Steve’s chest, holding him up and suckering his nipples at the same time. “Oh, God,
“I told JARVIS to send you the files,” Tony grumbles. “Look, it’s bad. They have Cap, and Loki is supposed to be dead, and we’re outmatched, okay? Between Hasegawa and Barnes and fucking magic and Asgardian assholes with superhealing, we need something that can quickly take people out, without…”
“I did ask him!”
“Anything you like,” he says, and his eyes gleam so, so blue. “Didn’t I tell you already, Tony? I’m yours. I’ve always been yours.”
“Right,” he says. “Of course.”
Sight Bonds are rare, and hold a kind of mythical place in the gestalt. Even diehard anti-dynamic activists soften a little at the idea: someone who is perfect for you, in every single way, down to the unique cocktail of hormones in your blood. The only record of a Sight Bond going sour is the romance between Cleopatra and Marc Antony, and whether or not they were ‘soulmates’ is highly contested. No one knows if that was a fabrication to justify their political manoeuvrings or if it was real. Now, of course, there are blood tests, which is how Tony knows that the nascent bond that pulls at his chest and tells him to find Steve and cuddle up next to him and complete the bond isn’t just in his head. Bruce had confirmed it. To Steve, because of the serum’s inclination to accelerate any and all biological processes, it’s like they’re already bonded. Tony hadn’t even needed to bite him to stake his claim. To Steve, he and Tony are already tied together. All he’s waiting for is for Tony to give in.
“Baby,” Tony says, hesitating, but he hasn’t secured Steve’s arms or torso at all. He can’t stop Steve from reaching up and grabbing it, guiding it towards his mouth. He pulls away, but too late: Steve gets his mouth around the tip of the ligula, and the sensation shivers all the way down to Tony’s core. He can feel so
“He’s in and out,” Riri said breezily, but there was something underneath her tone that made Steve pause. Tony might not be in an alpha rage, he realised. His hormones were probably a fucking mess. “I’ve got it handled. Tony and I worked everything out before you guys showed up.”
Tony frowns, frowns deeper at the flash of mischief in Steve’s eyes. The first time…
“Uh, thanks? I guess?”
He hadn’t even wanted to come in the first place, but Pepper had been out of the country and if he couldn’t have his partner in corporate dominance, he’d damn well drag his lover down with him.
This sort of thing used to be a lot easier...
Tony demands answers that Steve refuses to give, that sets him on edge and turns him
Tony eventually reached out to another pump bottle, and then vanilla and apples blended in with the scent of the tea tree oil and teakwood and hot dampness of the shower, creating a fragrant woodsy scent that reminded him of the custom creams and lotions Tony and Natasha returned with from those indulgent day spas they liked to sneak off too.
He felt himself pumping the car in and out of turns as he pushed the Saleen for
Tony’s eyes snap open as he lets out a startled cry, full of disbelief and hope and encompassing need, and Steve thrills with satisfaction at the response.
“Tony, she can’t--Orthiel has taken the Winter Soldier for his host.”
He lies there for a while, staring up at his ceiling. He knows, somehow, that he will be dead by morning. Today is a very important day for him.
“Say it.”
Barely out of the ice, and then there were aliens and Avengers, which almost immediately resulted in the Avengers cutting ties with Shield after Steve fought his...alternate self?...clone?...evil doppelganger?
much less sass at me
with you? Do you have any idea how fast you were going out here?”
“A terrible hunger is upon you.”
Steve’s growing sense of bewildered rejection dissipates as Tony hauls him up and back into his arms. A thrill runs through Steve--he
Tony relaxed and, after no doubt taking a moment to recover his mental footing, brazenly eyed Steve up and down for a long moment. “Gotta say, casual really,
“Aye, it was a well-fought battle, Steven, and truly, you are a lucky man. Amulets such as the Blue Ādaraya only react as strongly as the emotions abled to be channeled into it. It is a mighty and true love Stark harbors for you, to produce such profound results.”
Steve stretched languidly, reveling in the bone-deep feeling of pleasure he was basking in. Oh, there was an ache, yes, but only of the very best kind. The kind of exhausted wrung-out ache that came from taking and being taken, of being ridden long and hard then put away wet and lazy in the aftermath. Steve let out a sated hum and settled deeper into the pillows that had managed to survive the utter shambles they’d made of the bed.
Tony finally coated him enough that he must have been satisfied, since he carelessly tossed the bottle back into the confines of the hollowed out shelving and didn’t bother to look as it rebounded off the wall and skittered across the shower floor.
He’d wanted Tony a very long time but had resigned himself to the impossibility. Steve wasn’t keen on playing the homewrecker for a quick lay, and Tony seemed to be categorically uninterested in anything that wasn’t attached to dangerous curves, a viciously keen business sense, a no-nonsense attitude, and a predilection for fiendishly tall stilettos. Tony loved Pepper Potts deeply, and for all the rumors of his womanizing, was entirely faithful.
and jerks his gaze back down to the table, unwilling to bear witness to the macabre horror that Steve has become. Overbearing malevolence falls heavy over the intimate setup and Tony snaps his gaze back up, quick enough that he catches the fleeting remains of a ghastly snarl as Steve’s expression settles back into pleasant nonchalance.
--and then the stupid bastard had left the tape in the room while they went out to go get dinner. It had been long gone by the time they’d thought to search for it.
to normal people, and oh fuck, this had to be the serum. There was a bit of fear--was this a thing--was he always going to spring wood now, as if his body was just going to constantly hand erections over as some sort of consolation for the utter wreck he’d been ever since he had the serum? Mostly, though, was a rising sense of euphoria, like he’d felt when he’d finally gotten to really cut loose after getting the serum.
“Who’s ‘zat?”
It reminds him that he’s so thirsty.
that he was holding him responsible for this mess?
Steve drew in a ragged breath, then tried to turn around. Apparently realizing his intent, Tony pulled out of him with an apologetic stroke over his sorely abused hole and helped him steady himself on his feet. Finally face to face with Tony, Steve gripped him by the black silk tie and yanked him forward into a kiss, chaste at first but growing more and more fevered as Steve licked his way into Tony’s mouth, nibbling at the man’s lips and relentlessly trying to pull the air directly out of his body.
It’s another mission in another winter-ridden European forest looking for Loki and any sign of the Tesseract he ran off with, and the only thing that separates it from the eleven other missions they’ve run since the Chitauri invasion is that the Hydra agents fighting them have
Weak fool that he is, Tony had simply left Steve in his room, with a bowl of water and the evening’s leftovers in case he got hungry, and assumed that would be enough to tide Steve over until morning. He’d expected Steve to sleep soundly in familiar surroundings.
it. It’s something there in the back of his eyes when he makes contact with his reflection, something that sets his nerves to stinging like ants swarming their unfortunate target as rage churns like acid in his veins and his lungs constrict. His instincts recoil and Tony is seconds from hurling the kinetic energy sculpture on his nightstand at the mirror when his mother’s chilling caress passes over his cheek, dampening his emotions until he can breathe again.
Steve’s jaw dropped slightly as Tony spoke, and he boggled at what he was hearing. Did Tony actually
had a still going in his lab for a while, and I know he and Gabe tried to make vodka a couple of times. They used me as the tester because I was the only one that wouldn’t immediately die after tasting it.”
“Thor, there are civilian fishing vessels off the coast. An unexpected storm might harm locals that would have otherwise not taken to water this morning,” JARVIS says, and Thor growls a curse, bringing mjölnir down with a shattering explosion of lightning that arcs throughout the entire building.
“Yup,” Steve says happily. “Come on.”
In another situation, this would be romantic.
Steve glances up from the Times, smiling reflexively at the sight of Tony leaning against the door jamb. His arms are folded across his chest, a crisp red shirt rolled up to the elbows. A black tie sits loose around his collar, the top buttons undone to reveal the soft V of his collarbones. He looks mischievous, and beautiful, and Steve takes a sip of his apple juice to forestall a flush at the brunt of Tony’s affection and attention beaming down on Steve from on high.
“Been sleeping?” Beth says knowingly, and Tony offers her a wry smile. “Come on, why don’t we go upstairs? There’s bound to be some folks home. People are worried about you.”
“Don’t worry, I ran into some friendlies. I’m all healed up.” He glances over at Minoru, who has the grace to shrug sheepishly. “By some definitions, anyway.”
Steve, opens his mouth for it without being asked.
“You’ll probably be clear by tomorrow,” Bruce said. His voice was meek, apologetic, but Steve couldn’t bother to feel bad about it. He was feeling particularly protective of his alpha, and the parts of the serum that made him a little more aggressive than the average omega didn’t like how Bruce had been acting one bit. Had he said these things to Tony when they were alone? “I would suggest that Steve wait in the penthouse and you go up to meet him. Or, I guess I’m requesting it. I really would prefer if the Tank was free as soon as possible, and getting it professionally sterilised will be hell with all the clearances needed to get down here.”
“Tony,” Steve says, sounding resigned, and Tony turns to him with a broad, plastic grin. “What is he talking about?”
Steve flinched, taking the chastisement for what it was. “Sorry,” he whispered, and Natasha was there again, hand at his elbow.
It’s the last thing he can manage to do, but that’s alright. It’s been a good life.
Rogers didn’t say any more, and after a moment, Tony rolled his eyes. He stripped all of his outerwear off, hanging his wet clothes on the pegs by the door, standing his boots by the door.
Tony lets out a stuttering laugh. He glances away from the schematics he’s working on, a rare warm expression crossing his face as he looks back over his shoulder. “Hello to you too, Reed.”
“Access granted,” JARVIS tells them. “Steven Grant Rogers, Codename Captain America. Anthony Edward Stark, Codename Iron-Man.”
“Of course,” Cap says, looking resigned. The usual battle readiness is sinking into him, his shoulders rolling back, and Tony turns, trusting Cap to follow. The legionnaire takes up the rear.
“A tempting counteroffer,” he says, and Tony closes his eyes against the whiplash of arousal slipping back into his body. He’s had an exhausting day and it’s not even dawn yet.
He doesn’t expect a smoking gun, and he doesn’t get one. As far as he can tell, this is just a corporate lab. But it’s a development, and their first real evidence that Reed and Tony are on to something.
“Threw up,” Steve admits, a wry smile taking over his face. “I’ve always been like that, since I was a kid. Guess even the serum couldn’t change that about me.”
“Have you taken any brain scans while you’re sleeping?” Reed asks.
“So it is.”
Tony hasn’t spoken to Stephen, as far as Steve knows, but he also knows that’s because Tony doesn’t think that this is supernatural. Steve had no life signs. His throat had been slit, deep enough to cut through both arteries and his trachea. They’d stitched him up and given him some of his own blood, kept specifically for these circumstances, but he’d already flatlined by the time they’d gotten to him. He is, for all intents and purposes, dead.
Steve ends up watching three different family films with Hulk:
is the scientifically accurate terminology for what we are. Scott constantly produces overwhelming concussive force from his eyes, and needs an assistive device to keep his power contained and continue his life as normal; to eat, or shower without living as a blind man. The only colours he’s seen since his sophomore year of high school are shades of red.”
“Why are you
“We can, sir. The design won’t flow in the way you prefer, but I can adjust the paint colour accordingly at the very least.”
“Has the incidence of contact increased over time?”
“Please, Nat knows.” Tony eyes him shrewdly, then a wicked smile takes him. He begins to hum a few bars of a song Steve faintly recognises from the radio. “You should put the screen back down, or she’ll feel left out.”
“I can,” Loki allows, looking thoughtful. “The soldier is easily defeated by your Hulk, or even Thor.”
Bruce’s hands still on his skin. They’re warm and wide. “You know, I always planned to leave, eventually. I can’t stay here.”
“Just fucking go, Cap.”
“Nice to meet you, Evan, but you can relax. I’m just a New Yorker who needs a ride home.”
“You’re very easy to read,” she tells him, waving a hand. Pepper laughs at the outraged expression on his face. “Pepper, do you know what this means?”
“And you like him,” Steve says, gently as he can manage it.
“Are…are you okay?” Steve managed, not really sure what he was asking. Tony just smiled thinly at him, tapping on the arc’s casing with his fingernails and making it clink dully through the fabric of his shirt.
“Captain?”
“’Tis but a scratch,” she intones, the words deeper and louder than should be possible from a scrap of a girl like Minoru. Tony has the barest moment to laugh, and then the armour is pulling itself back together, metal smoothing out, sheared-off pieces flying towards them from across the battlefield and reassembling before his eyes. The repulsor nodes flicker on, and Tony can hear his comm kick in again—a frantic cacophony of voices from inside the helmet. He winces at that; Cap must be going nuts. He’s pretty sure
“Answer the question, please,” Steve says, and his voice is shaking.
Tony was here, and safe, and warm.
“Come on, let’s try that block I taught you last week,” Steve said, clearing his throat, and Tony studied him in that uncanny way he had, like he was pulling Steve apart to see how he worked.
Tony sighs, runs a hand through his hair. “Fine, send Pepper the specs, and cc Doctor Chandrakar while you’re at it. Tell him this is in-house for now, but maybe he can think of a way to make it a little more elegant.”
He does feel strangely…settled, after the mission. Nothing particularly exciting had happened. He suspects that SHIELD was testing him, making sure he was really ready for the field. But it had been nice, to feel useful again. To do something that Steve is undeniably
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Okay?”
The photographs, the desperate notes,
“Good boy,” Tony grins, and Steve swallows. “Oh. You like that?”
“Nothing,” Tony says, shaking his head. “Go. Run. Be an extremely hateable morning person.”
Steve had been in a monomanic quest to find Barnes for months after the Potomac Crash, until eventually Sam convinced him that if Barnes didn’t want to be found then maybe they should let him go. They found evidence of him at libraries, looking up information on the Commandos and Steve and himself. He was clearly on a quest of self-discovery, and Sam had reasoned that he would come in when he was ready. That didn’t mean that Steve and Nat didn’t jump into the quinjet whenever they got a reliable tip, but he wasn’t out chasing ghosts every spare minute the way he’d been after the crash. Tony was glad of it, because that had been unhealthy, but this behaviour just didn’t make any sense.
Clint whistled low, but Steve ignored him, fighting to maintain his composure as heat blazed over his face, his neck, all the way down his chest. He could feel Thor still beside him, Natasha shifting awkwardly, but he was too busy staring down at Tony. He looked like a deer in headlights, fawn-dark eyes wide with shock.
“Fucking that man has done nothing but make my stupid schoolboy crush even more disgusting.”
“You can do a lotta things with nanites, it seems. Although the brains tell me ya shouldn’t be messin’ with ‘em.
“That’s not enough reason for someone to die, in Tony’s book,” Steve explains. Three pairs of eyes turn to look at him. “He’d have been a lot less upset if Hasegawa had threatened Pepper, and then he’d killed him himself. Isn’t that right?”
Tony blinks. “Well. Yes.”
“This,” Bruce says, and spins the tablet down the table to Natasha. He points at Thor, who’s pouting at the end of the table, flecks of green curry in his beard. He has an entire collection of bamboo skewers in front of him, and is working his way through another batch of satay. “The Executioner is a power match for you. The other guy can take him out, but we’ve also got Moonstone to worry about, because as Tony showed me, the suits can’t handle her energy blasts. And then we’ve got Amora.”
“Take Spiderman.”
“This is an open wound, Cap.”
The resulting concussive force throws him back several metres, and his head swims as he tries desperately to get his bearings. The suit is flashing warnings all over the place, and Tony pushes himself up to see The Executioner flat out, his chest caved in to what Tony expects would be some excellent white butterfly material. The Winter Soldier is down too, and Loki looks like hell, his clothes tattered all along the right side of his body. A gold shield shimmers around both him and Amora, and as Tony drags himself to his feet he can hear the stirring of the enhanced getting to her feet behind him. Two down, three to go.
"He didn't say, but a few weeks tops. He misses Jane when he's gone for too long."
Sometimes, Tony talks to him, which is deeply surreal. In the beginning, Steve had to fight the urge to talk back to him. He’d ranted and raved at Tony. He’d shouted in his face. He’d tried running full tilt away from his body, then shaking him as soon as he’s snapped back to his side. So far, nothing’s worked. It’s been nearly two months, now, that Steve’s been dead, and he’s beginning to get nervous. He doesn’t want to think about being stuck like this forever, but it’s hard to be optimistic under the circumstances. He thinks he can be forgiven for struggling a little emotionally when he’s forced to watch Tony mourn him, day in, day out. The depression and addiction has always been painful to experience as someone who loves Tony, but it’s doubly hard now, when Steve knows he’s partially responsible for it. When all he can do is watch, and say nothing.
“We’ll play it by ear,” Tony said, and that wasn’t a no. Steve was willing to take what he could get.
“Yes, I see you have the way of it.” Thor shakes his head. “There is a reason my brother has chosen you, although for what purpose I cannot ascertain.”
Steve snaps his eyes back up to Tony, schooling his expression, but Tony isn’t looking at him. He’s straining, his biceps standing out in long, lean lines as he attacks the place where the armour’s thigh attaches to its groin with a small tool that doesn’t look like any sort of screwdriver Steve recognises. There are different words for each piece of armour, but Steve doesn’t know them.
“Yeah, well. I had to learn something from all that drama.”
“Tough shit. My hormones are a dumpster fire right now,” Tony said, and Steve laughed again, blinking blurred eyes as he looked up into Tony’s gorgeous face. He wanted so badly to kiss him. “I wanted nothing more than to bond with you. You’re right, I didn’t think it was possible, and it was a fucking Christmas miracle that we did. You hear me? I was
“So what’s next, genius?”
Steve is interested in who killed him, of course, but presently he’s got two more pressing things on his mind: first, he’s worried about the fact that Tony’s clearly driving himself crazy with guilt and grief, and second, he hasn’t been able to touch Tony again since that first time. He’s tried a handful more times to get as far away from Tony as possible, but Tony’s too preoccupied with piecing together CCTV footage and trying to gather data from the tissue they’d scraped from Steve’s wounds to notice the tug. He’s constantly on the phone with the Hanks, T’Challa, even finally calling Stephen, which is how Steve knows he’s desperate. Tony hates to rely on magic for anything.
Steve smiled, shook his head. He rubbed absently at his bondmark with one hand.
“Now there’s a truth if I ever heard one.”
When he came up, Rogers was out cold. He hadn’t even touched the cheese, and Tony sighed and checked on the pot on the stove, giving it a stir and adding some more water. Then he piled the food onto the board, cutting a few slices of cheese and then running his fingers through Rogers’ hair.
“Only a few minutes,” Pepper said.  “No one's noticed.  I promise.”  She leaned forward, the light sliding over her hair.  “It's okay.  You're okay.”
“No,” Iron Man said.  “Really, that’s what you’re wasting your opening gambit on?  Are you-  No.”
“Of course.  The patrons are confused by the lack of food options at my curb,” Tony said.  “It's a scandal.”  Another creak as he leaned back in his chair.  “You're already dressed.  That's disappointing.”
“I might’ve been drop dead drunk, but I pride myself in staying upright through it,” Tony said, tossing the shirt aside. He shifted, reaching for the phone, and stopped halfway there, clutching his head. “Oh, God.”
Pepper handed the notebook to Rhodey, who tucked it into the pocket of his vest.  "You can have it back when you're done with your dinner," Rhodey said.
Steve smiled, just a little. “I'll pick up your dry cleaning bill.”
With absolutely no consideration that it wasn’t the one that he needed.
“Jesus, Cap,” Luke said, yanking the man out of the remains of the bomb.  A SHIELD team was waiting to load him onto a stretcher and bundle him out of the building.  “Did he talk bad about your mother?”
Sam touched his shoulder, and Steve's head came up.  Sam was looking at him, his face creased in a slight frown.  “Hey, you okay?”
“Really?” Sam asked him.  “I mean, I get a little of that, but more racial stuff, honestly.”
The door to Hammer’s office was hanging open, crooked on its hinges, the broken glass still scattered across the worn wood of the floor.  Steve picked his way through the carnage, trusting Tony to follow his lead.  At the edge of the door, he glanced back, and Tony gave him a nod.
"In that I'd like for the potential victim to get mugged in an alley?"
Natasha leaned back, her hands braced on the pommel horse.  “Just do exactly as you're told and you'll both be fine.”
Steve blinked at her.  "Excuse me?"
Steve took her hand with care, all too aware of the fact that his hand was probably filthy.  But her grip was firm and strong, her small fingers squeezing his without a flinch.  "Ma'am," he said, some of the tension going out of his shoulders.
Some of the strain went out of Steve’s shoulders.  “Thanks, Deej, I appreciate it.”  DJ nodded, and Steve headed out to the main buffet area.
“I anticipated your request,” Jarvis said, his voice echoing from the open front of the armor.  “If you would be so good as to unlock the door, sir?”
Rogers paused, one eyebrow arching.  “Everyone.”
“Okay, I would've said no and made it stick,” he said.  He picked up the champagne flute, rolling the stem between his fingers.  “I didn't-”  He huffed out a breath.  “Look, this happened, and it wasn't what we intended, but we're both dealing with it, right?”
“What the fuck is happening here?” Trip asked.  “Why is there-” She looked at Harris.  “Who let the cat in?”
Reggie tipped his cap up.  “You got it, Mr. Stark.”
Tony took a breath and let it out.  He glanced over at Dummy’s empty charging station.  “Fuck it,” he said.  “It’ll be worth it.”
DJ reached up with both hands, leaning them into Hulk's palm.  "Okay!" he said, and this time he managed a smile.  He glanced over at Steve and Tony, and Tony could see the strain in his face, in the way his words came with such effort.  "Was worried."
Clint opened his mouth, and she shook her head. He subsided back into his seat.  “Sorry, Phil.”
Tony looked down into the cup.  “A lot of things,” he said, taking another sip.
His head inclined just a fraction of an inch.  "Of course, Miss Potts."  He collected the coffee cup from in front of Tony. "May I get you some tea?  Or perhaps a lemonade?"
"Kickin' an' screamin' the whole way," Seamus said cheerfully. “Hiself don't like being outmaneuvered.”
"We'll find one who hates you and loves him and it'll average out to a nice indifference," Marcy told him, her lips twitching, and Tony burst out laughing.  Steve just gritted his teeth against the urge to say something rude.
“And we all knew what I meant, what I was referring to, so I don't see what the difference my word choice really makes,” Morrison said. “It was implied, and you're-”
“Excuse me?” Tony asked, insulted.  He braced a hand on top of the box.  “I have vast amounts of control, vast and-”
Steve tapped the rim of his coffee cup with one finger, grinning at Clint.  “Didn’t stop him, I take it?”
“I'm angling for a staff position,” Jesse said “He's already agreed to pose for me.”
Val gave him a look.  “Uncle Johnny lies.  A lot.”  She tucked a long strand of pale hair behind her ear.  “Dad had to develop flame proof bedding for a reason, you know, Franklin.”
“For accuracy or...”
Tony looked up.  DJ was hovering next to him on the sidewalk, his expression quizzical.  Tony smiled at him.  “Yeah, I’m fine,” he said.  “Decided you didn’t want a tiara after all?”
“Remember what happened the last time you went out with Clint?” Pepper asked, her voice sweet.
Steve smiled.  “I’m sure.” He looked down at DJ.  “DJ’s promised to write to me.  If he does, will you post his letters for him?”
“I don't know,” Tony admitted, and God, but he hated to admit that.  He scrubbed a hand over his face, frustration rolling over him.  “And I'm not really looking forward to finding out.”
“Bullshit,” Tony bit out.  He didn't slow down.
And just like that, Tony might as well not have existed.  Rogers turned to face Pepper, pulling his hat from his head.  “Ma'am,” he said, and for Pepper, his voice was polite and respectful.
Pepper set a hand down on top of the stack of files, preventing him from opening them.  He looked up, startled, and Pepper smiled.  “Name your price.”
“Still safer there than out here.”  Steve leaned forward, bracing a hand on the back of the front seats.  “Pull over,” he said, and Happy glanced over his shoulder at him.
Steve shook his head as he poured boiling water into the teapot.  “Because you live with a pack of jackals?” he offered.
Laughing, Tony pushed at his shoulder.  "Get off.  I know you're only trying to check my temperature."
“Cause I absolutely, one hundred percent will lose,” Ellen agreed.  She swiped a hand over her face.  “You got anything?”
“And I felt it.  Terribly close.  Terribly familiar.”  She paused, her eyes at half mast.  “It was a shock.  That is my only excuse.”
And fish.
“What?” Tony shrugged.  “No one.  What do you mean, who’s going with us?  I’m sure he’ll drag my exhausted ass down to Mjolnir to start, but-”
Drew nodded again.  “Hi!”  He looked at Darcy.  “Tony Stark has a kid?”
Sam blinked at him.  "No."
Phil watched him, warmth pooling in his stomach.  “I think my mother likes you more than me.”
“Doorbell,” Steve said, his voice tense.  He took the last few stairs in a few quick steps, coming to a stop again on the landing.  “We weren’t expecting anyone, were we?”
Tony eyed it.  “And where is he now?”
Greer gave him a brisk salute and a bright smile.  “Yes, sir, Cap’n, sir!” She swung her legs down to the floor, her knees bumping together, and her toes pointing in  “I’ll slip him a note in class, do you like me?” She spread her hands wide.  “Check yes or no!”
"Oh, my, no," Jarvis said, stepping briskly onto the staircase.  "A household like this should absolutely have a French chef.  Thus-"  He paused, one hand on the banister, his body turned back towards Steve.  "We do."
“It’s working,” Jess said to Carol.
Steve nodded.  “Thank you.”
“Marry me, and I'll go punch the faux Doom,” Steve said, and it was such a goddamn Steve Rogers thing to say that Tony felt something inside him snap.
Clint blinked.  “What?”  He leaned, peering under the blanket that flopped over DJ's forehead. “Star Wars?”
Jan considered the plate.  “Hmm.  True.”
Jarvis smiled.  “He’s right as rain, tucked in warm and safe.”  He shut the door behind Steve, setting the locks with brisk efficiency.  “He was concerned about you.”
“So you’ve done this before?” Darcy asked, taking the unicorn away from both of them.  Clint made a grab, and she ducked away, pressing a kiss to its fluffy muzzle.  “Gone to the gathering of pointy headed weirdos?”
Steve found himself smiling back.  “Steve,” he said.  “Thank you.”
Tony considered that.  “Which…  Question is that answering?” he asked at last.  She flipped him off.  “Both of them, then?”
Tony blinked.  “What?”
DJ reached out, one little finger tapping the tip of Tony’s nose.  Tony wrinkled it up, scrunching his face into a squint, and DJ let out a giggle.   “Better?” Tony asked.
Pepper nodded, her attention still focused on her phone.  “You’ve had better days.”
“No. I mean.”  Steve glanced away, his stomach aching.  “No.  I’m just-” He risked looking back at Tony.  “Are you-” He shifted his weight, and realized his arms were crossed over his chest.  He let them drop back to his sides.  “Are you interested?” He cleared his throat.  “In Sam?”
“Please stop talking,” Steve said, and there was a note of desperation to his voice. Laughing, Tony let himself be towed along through the building, his feet almost flying over the carpet as he struggled to keep up with Steve.
Tony forced his eyes open.  Forced himself to look at DJ, no matter how much that made his chest ache, made his throat close up.  “The best ones will just accept, that you know what you can bear and what you can’t.  That they’ll never know, but they can believe.”
"You're also a little impetuous," Jan said.  He glared at her, and she gave him a gamine smile, holding up her hand, her finger and thumb a bare inch apart.  "Tiny bit."
“Ms. Potts, sir.”
Ellen clicked on her email icon.  Nothing new popped up.  “I didn't get it.”
Laughing, Shuri held the shield out to Steve, and he took it.  “Be careful,” she said with a nod, and headed off after Okoye.  “And I will see you in the market.”.
He looked up and found DJ staring at him, his face tense, his fingers locked on the hem of his shirt.  Tony blinked at him.  “Hey, what's-”  He stopped, figuring it out a second too late.  Which was, after all, his parenting style in a nutshell.
Steve looked out the window, still on edge.  They turned onto a larger road, and he caught a glimpse of another car following them.  He couldn’t see inside, but he was pretty sure Happy was behind the wheel.  “Yeah, I caught his act.”
“Clumsy.”
He looked up, and Rogers was smiling at him, just a little, his mouth kicked up at the corners.  Tony glared at him.  "Are you...  Smirking at me?" he asked, suspicious.  He pointed a wrench at the blasted man, his eyes narrowed.  "That looks like a smirk."
He slapped his hands down on the workbench, hard enough to hurt.  “They’re both gone.”  A bubble of laughter caught in his throat, and for an instant, he was afraid he was going to throw up.  He swallowed hard.  “They’re both-”  He rocked back, his eyes burning.  “I don’t fucking care.  I don’t WANT to fucking care.  So do your worst, toss it all, I’ve got stashes you don’t even know about.”
Steve choked on a laugh, and Tony gave him a look.  “Do not encourage her,” he said, swinging a leg over the railing.  He hopped down to the street and stepped aside so Steve could do the same.  He dusted his hands off on his legs.  “Acceptable?”
“And that’s the most terrifying part of it,” Darcy said.  “Almost there.”
“Right before we went to the movies, a day or two, maybe?”
Steve stared at her.  “The Council of What?”
“Did it scare you?” Tony asked, and DJ went still.  For a moment, he seemed to struggle, his face twisting into something like confusion, like fear.  Tony tapped him on the tip of the nose.  “Stop,” he said, and DJ’s face relaxed.  “Bad question.  Let me try again.”  He rocked forward, trying to find the right way to phrase it.  “Did it startle you?”
DJ leaned into him, exhaling.  “Tired,” he said, and Steve’s chest ached.
Clint paused in the act of peeling a strip of duct tape free from the roll.  “Congratulations?” he said to Darcy, before ripping the tape free with his teeth.
Clint folded his hands in front of him, his eyes wide.  “I…  Might’ve done another video.  After everyone left.”
“Right.”  Steve straightened up.  “Jarvis.  Can you give me a report of everything that DJ bought last month?  What he used his money for, when he was spending money on himself?”
Steve realized he was smiling.  “Dear God.”
“This is why I don’t live here,” Jan said.
“Fire fixes a lot of problems,” Jessica said.  She paused.  “Makes some other problems, but still.”  Her teeth flashed in a grin.  “Fun.”
DJ looked down at the cup, and back at her, his breathing heavy and rough in his own ears.  She wiggled her fingers at him, a stern ‘give it here’ gesture, and DJ leaned over, gingerly collecting the tea cup.  He held it out to her, careful not to touch her when he handed it over.  “Where-”  Words were hard.  Harder than they usually were.  “Where am I?”
“Right.”  Steve did his best not to smile.  “So you're okay with being hated, as long as it's for the right reasons.”
Tony rubbed his forehead.  “No,” he called, but Darcy slid into sight at the end of the row, holding a box over her head.
“That’s quitter talk,” Darcy said.  “Literally.”
“I’d hate for that to happen,” Alison said.
Steve took a deep breath.  “Was he drunk when he got the tattoo?”
“Aren’t you going to ask me?” Tony asked DJ.
“Oh, God,” Tony said, his head dropping to Steve’s shoulder.  “Stop.  First of all, can we go with no?  Stop?  Make it-”
Tony’s head bobbed in a slight nod.  “Am I drunk?”
“But do hurry, darling,” Jan said, taking Rhodey’s arm.  “Or I’ll have eaten all the sweets.”
“All of my cooking falls under the category of 'stupid kitchen tricks,'” Tony said, and Steve laughed.  “Did you get drunk?  Are you hungover right now?  I've never seen you hungover.  I want pictures.  Send me a selfie.”
“An idea that we could make the world better.  Safer.”
DJ considered it.  "Did you draw a heart on it?" he asked, slightly dismayed by that.
“You’re cruel when you have reason,” Rhodey said.  “You don’t have any reason here, you’re just tormenting the man, and there’s no reason for it.”
“Spaaaaace Nazis,” Steve sing-songed, and Tony kicked at his legs.  Laughing, Steve moved out of reach.
Steve offered her an arm.  “Let's go make some coffee.  Jarvis'll let us know if they need anything, and I don't know about you, but I could desperately use some caffeine.”
Tony's vision blurred over, and he realized he'd been staring at the wall as if held the secrets of the universe.  He blinked hard.  “I think I just got shampoo in my eyes,” he said.
“So the hot tub ended up full of idiots,” Natasha said, her voice expressionless, “and Jell-O.  And Jell-O covered idiots.”  She paused.  “Until the, you know, massive amounts of sugar and gelatin in the water caused the filter to clog, then the motor overheated, then-”
In the warm light of morning, he found the expansive main room of the suite was large enough to host a party or meeting, with huge windows that looked out over the strip.  There were small, intimate clusters of seating and large, expansive couches clustered around low, glass topped coffee tables.  There was a grand piano, topped with a beautiful arrangement of roses and lilies.  There was a bar, its shelves filled with gleaming rows of bottles and glassware and fronted by a row of gleaming stools.
Tony considered the array of designs.  Slowly, deliberately, he reached for his coffee cup.  “The clinical term is catastrophic thinking,” he said, with a wry twist to his mouth.  “And I have my coping methods.  This one is less destructive than most, but it’s by far the most expensive.”  He pulled one of the armors out.  Pale blue and silver accents.  He knew its designation, its capabilities.
“You said he found you in jail.”
“We can substitute some mittens or something,” Clint told him.  He leaned back.  “Darce, gloves?”
“Tony-” she started, and he wasn't interested.
“You will take what you’re given, and be properly grateful for it,” he said.
He took it.  “Yes, ma’am.”
“I called Happy,” Tony panted against his throat. “He came and took the suitcase suit from me and he's waiting downstairs. With the limo.” He arched into Steve's body, need sizzling through him. “Limo. Big. Plush. Bench seats.” He grinned at Steve, who was looking like he'd just taken a hard blow to the head. “I've slept back there. You can sprawl out. And it's completely soundproofed.” His eyes met Steve's. “I made sure of that.”
“I’ve done my best to build up an immunity, but she manages to make every time a new and ever more terrifying experience,” Tony said.  “I think it’s because-”
“Right, I don’t need guilt right now, I’m not feeling guilty, my parents are dead, too,” Harris told him.
It was the kind of paparazzi question designed to elicit a response, and Tony's shoulders went tight.
Her teeth flashed in a dangerous sort of smile.  “With two very notable exceptions.”
“I’m sure you will, but if you don’t-”
Tony took a deep breath, trying to steady his heartbeat.  “Fine, I'll buy dessert.”  It was flippant, the words slipping out without a thought, but Steve's face split in a grin.
Jesse's hand fell back to the bed.  “That's my source.  From the airport.  The weird American plane just requested clearance to leave.”
“You two can take the same suite you used the last time,” Tony said, his fingers beating a rapid tattoo on the steering wheel.  “Pretty sure it’s been updated recently.  Pepper made me redo all of them.  Said it was good for property values, but honestly, I think she just likes interior decorating and spending my money.”
“I’d be insulted, but you likely have a point,” Strange said.  “And as an apprentice, a very valuable lesson to learn.”
And three more seatings after that.  He gritted his teeth and did his best to focus.
“But the workers of the old magics respond to no one, unless it is convenient for them.” T’Challa made a humming noise under his breath.  “Sadly, that may mean that they will not respond to me, either.”
Luke Cage saluted him with a plate full of appetizers.  “You guys know how to throw a party,” he said with a wide grin.  He was wearing a white sweater adorned with blue snowflakes and a red scarf around his neck for a rakish dash of color.  He looked at the alcove.  “What’s all this?”
The streets were full of people, holding signs painted on cardboard and sheets, rainbow flags tied around people's shoulders and dangling from upraised fists.  There was singing and chanting coming from various groups, and something that Steve would've identified as parade floats moving clumsily through the crowds.  On them, girls with shaved heads combat fatigues also wore flower crowns and small domino style masks, their hands covered in glitter as they tossed fistfuls of rainbow confetti into the crowd.  Musicians and DJs were scattered in each moving platform, the traditional instruments mixing with modern house music to form a riotous, almost cacophonous sound.  Dancers followed behind, shoes kicking up gleaming rainbow clouds with each step.
"A paper towel," Tony said, just to make him laugh.  "Or, you know, a smoothie cup."
He grabbed his jacket.  “You have the files?”
“Ominous,” Sam said, with a bright grin. “What do you need?”
Bucky glanced at Steve.  “Was that what happened?”
“No, I haven’t mentioned it, or-”
Steve nodded.  “Yeah.  Yeah, it-”  He swallowed, and looked up, and there were tears in his eyes.  “Yes.  This is perfect.”
“Right.  So not that bad.”  Tony flexed his fingers, and his toes, making sure everything worked.  “What happened?”
He looked up.  Steve was staring at him, his face unreadable, and Tony shifted in his seat, throwing his legs out in front of him.  “Half the time, you're there in my bed in the morning,” he said.  “And when you're not, your razor's on my sink and your shirts are on my bureau.  If I'm in Queens, I know I'm going to find your goddamn banana breads cluttering up my freezer, your tea on my counter.”  He rubbed a hand over his face.  “And in midtown, it's your dry cleaning mixed in with mine, your shampoo in my shower, your socks under my bed.”
Nothing was wrong.  Nothing was goddamn wrong, what was wrong with him?  Why couldn’t he just say that, say ‘nothing’ and actually mean it.  Just once, just this once, he needed to mean it.
Tony pulled away, just long enough to suck in a breath, and Steve buried his face in Tony’s throat.  Tony sucked in a long, slow breath, and felt Steve do the same, unconsciously mirroring his breathing.  Tony smiled.  “Steve?”  Steve hummed against his neck.  “Where are your hands?”
Steve stared at her. She did her best to look innocent. “I love you, Jan, but I don't trust you as far as I can throw you,” Steve told her.
"We did," Pepper said, and there was a note in her voice that he had learned to be wary of.
DJ looked at Tony and back.  “Everyone?  Your treat?”
“I think so, and I hope so?” DJ said.  Fury’s head tipped to the side, and DJ managed a smile.  “Otherwise, he has to tell my parents what happened.”
Steve waved at the chair.  “Please stop… Asking”
“That makes one of us,” Steve said.
“This is honestly the most fun I’ve had in weeks,” Harris said.  He reached for a cup of soup and popped the lid off.  Cheddar broccoli.  Pleased, he reached for a spoon.  “You have friends?  School?” he asked DJ.
It was enough.  DJ darted past them, still tossing petals, and Steve grinned.  It was more than enough.
“You are enough trouble already,” Steve told him.  “Keep this up, and you'll have nothing but tea and broth today.”
DJ’s mouth worked.  “Want me?” he asked, and then, another attempt, “Want me to stay?”
“Yeah, but none of them are good,” Tony said.  He peeled a strip of paper away from the label, flicking it away.  “Don’t start a fight that you can’t finish, Steven.”
The sun felt amazing on his face, and a few breaths of cool, clean air cleared away the last of the mental cobwebs.  He set the tray down on the table, and moved to the railing.  The suite might've been on the top floor of the hotel, but it wasn't a particularly tall building.  Even from here, he had a clear, unimpeded view of the city's main square below.
His phone rang, and he considered ignoring it.  But it was Pepper's ringtone, and he knew better than to ignore that.  It never worked out for him.  Without looking, he answered it with a tap of his thumb.  “Stark's House of Trash,” he said.  “How can direct your call?”
Steve gritted his teeth against saying something that he really shouldn’t.  “I mean, I could still do that, if that’s what you think,” he said as they boarded the elevator.  “I can still outrun you.”
“That seems both excessive and also difficult,” Pepper said, a hand covering her mouth.  Everyone looked at her, and she shrugged.  “I mean, how complicated was he-”
“As much as he hates me, he’s pretty hardy,” Jan mused.  “I really think we’d have to go through with the ceremony to get the full effect of his disapproval.”
“Nope.  Hammer got him into his office too fast.  He didn’t take off his hat until the door was almost shut.  The only thing I saw?  He was bald.”
“Tomorrow, for breakfast,” she said.  She took his bowl from him.  “Any more tonight, and you’ll likely have trouble sleeping.”
“Orchids can be ‘ass-focused,’ right?” Jess mused.  “They look kinda like asses.”
“You are undermining my authority,” May said, her voice very stern, and Steve smirked at Tony from behind her back.
“I suspected.  They don’t tolerate thieves.”  Tony’s head tipped to the side.  “I’m going to say something to you, that someone said to me, not that long ago.”  He stood, the wine glass cradled in his hand.  “You think you’re the only one fighting this battle?  Officer Rogers, you’ve become a part of a bigger universe.”  He saluted Steve with the glass.  “You just don’t know it yet.”
The confusion melted away.  “Miss Van Dyne.”
Steve shifted on the bed, trying to ignore his reaction to that single word.  “And?” he asked.
“What?” Steve’s head snapped down towards the board.  “Son of a-”  His breath came out in a burst of laughter.  “You did that on purpose.  To distract me.”
“Here.”
“I know,” Tony said, sinking back down into the chair next to the bed.  “How're you feeling?”
Steve managed a smile. “Hi,” he said.
“No,” she said.
“I mean, I was going to do that anyway, because you’re bad at it,” Clint said with a grin.  He wiggled his hand between them.  “We have a deal?”
Tony took it from him.  “Especially since her tastes changed with the season,” he said.  “And her mood.”
“I’ll have coffee,” Tony said.  His stomach was painfully empty, but the thought of food made his throat close up.  “Just coffee.”
She licked some chocolate off of her thumb.  “‘That’ twitter feed?”
Steve's hand rested on DJ's hair, lingering there.  "But sometimes.  If you go places everyone tells you not to go.  If you speak names that aren't yours to speak.  If you linger by a fire you did not set.
The cop hadn't gotten any less attractive since Tony had seen him last, and that was somehow infuriating.  Tall and well built, with broad shoulders and narrow hips, he cut an impressive figure, even in his slightly worn uniform.  He had a face that would've been painfully gorgeous, if not for his ever-present scowl.  He met Tony's eyes without flinching, obviously neither impressed nor intimidated.
"A thing," Pepper repeated.
“Don’t worry,” Clint said, rolling the car forward.  “I know just where to get that.”
Down below, the oven timer went off with an insistent beep.  Tony waved Steve off.  “You need to-”
Steve resisted the urge to just watch him walk away.  It was harder than it should’ve been.  Instead, he turned his attention to Greer. “What can I do for you?” he asked, folding his party assignment and tucking the pages into his pocket.
"It's an engineer thing, you wouldn't understand," Tony told him.
Steve's arm tightened on Tony's waist. “You protected the workshop.”
“Stay with me,” he said to Darcy, and somehow, somehow she did.
Steve sat up, rocking Tony back into his lap.  “Why?” he repeated, and there was a strained note in his voice now.  “What happened?  Are you hurt?  What did you-”
“Stay in the car, I’ll get the key and we can take the elevator from the parking garage,” Tony said, slipping out of the car door and pushing it almost closed, reluctant to wake the kid.  Clint leaned over in the driver’s seat, and Tony stabbed a finger in his direction.  “You.”  He waved his hand at the backseat.  “Babysit.”
Tony flopped back onto the bed, raising one foot to brace it on Steve's shoulder.  “Strip me down, big boy,” he said, his voice husky.  “Be gentle.  I'm...”  He threw a hand over his eyes.  “I'm delicate.”
Tony burst out laughing. "Officer, how dare you! I did no such thing!"
“I think the turn of phrase was, 'Captain America,'” Aimsbridge mused. “There was probably more. But I stopped listening at this point.”
“I’ll take my chances.”  Steve kissed the back of his neck.  “Shower.  Pants.  Happy child.”
“Maybe if you sweep for him, he’ll hire you and you’ll get out of that viper pit across the street,” Fury pointed out.  Tony flipped him off, the gesture half-hearted, and Fury grinned at him.  “See?  Right there?  That’s the level  of class we’ve come to expect from you, Stark.”
No one did, and the door opened easily when he gave it a tug.  In another moment, the was through the portal and inside the greenhouse.  Startled by just how easy that had been, he paused, trying to get his bearings.
The slow, incremental dawning of Steve's smile was still one of the most beautiful things he'd ever seen.  “I'd heard things,” he said.
“What I did?” Steve asked.
Rogers hovered in the doorway, as if he wasn't sure if he should risk stepping over the line that separated the grand, well ordered, almost staid house from this loud, chaotic space.  "Am I interrupting?" he asked at last.
Tony turned a gimlet glare at the ceiling.  “You're helpful.”
She stabbed a finger in his direction as she crossed over to the punching bags.  “You're the one who tells me I've got to learn to multitask.”
"The billionaire," O'Brien said, his arms crossed over his chest.  "His secretary's comin' down here this afternoon, and she needs an escort."
“Art school,” Tony said.
Steve took it, slipping it into his mouth.  It was sweet and cool, the flesh crisp against his tongue.  “He does that a lot, doesn’t he?” he asked, his voice quiet.
“That's part of the problem,” Steve said. “Living in Avengers tower is...” He paused. “Like living in a very affectionate frat house, honesty. For the most part, everyone's fully invested in everyone else's business. So you try to make a date and somehow it ends up being twelve people yelling at each other over bowls of popcorn and containers of takeout.” He shrugged. “Did you ever try to flirt with someone in front of a sibling? They are going to make sure you fail. It's not even malicious. It's just instinct.” He spread his hands. “It's a lost cause, honestly, it's not going to work.”
Peter stumbled, and Steve caught the back of his shirt, steadying them both before he set down the bushel basket.  He lifted DJ off of Peter’s shoulders, and boosted the boy onto one of his own.  DJ grabbed hold of his hair with one hand, reaching up to snag an apple with the other.  Peter trotted off towards the ladders stacked against the tool shed.  Judging by the way his hands were cutting through the air, he was talking the entire way.
“I....  Might be,” Tony said.  He hold up a finger.  “One moment.”
“Pretty sure that you didn't tell 'em that your 'resource' might throw a bus at their teenage daughter,” Clint said.  “I mean, most parents would object to that.  In general.”
“Well, I don’t,” Tony said.  “Love  Either of you.”
Tony stared at her.  She stared back.  “No,” he said.
Steve looked down to find Val staring up at the bells.  Steve looked up at them as well.  “Oh.  Jan made bells out of mistletoe.”
And a gunshot would bring anyone who was left running.  Straight into the line of fire.
Harris gave a slow, deliberate nod.  “Nope,” he said, and stepped back into the bedroom.
Franklin nodded.  “Yeah.  I know.”  He held up a hand.  “Can I have a high five?”
Steve shifted his weight, the chair creaking under him.  “No. Thank you, but-” He looked across the pool to where DJ was sitting on the stairs, tracing the patterns on the tiles with his feet.  Nearby, Pepper swam back and forth, following an easy arc within easy reach of DJ should something happen. Not that Steve thought anything would; the kid could swim.
“What are you doing out here?”
Jan nodded.  “Definitely, that is…  That’s a good plan, better too much than too little, it’s just-”
DJ’s face scrunched up.  “Promise?”
"Washing his hands," Peter said, around a mouthful of eggs and bacon.
"Well, what choice did I have?" Tony said.  He lay the menu down and unbuttoned his vest, the movements easy and Steve wondered if he even knew he was doing it.  He was okay with it.  There was something about Tony, rumpled and unguarded, all that sleek surface disturbed, that was everything he wanted and nothing he was equipped to deal with.
"That doesn't seem like a good agreement," the girl said.  She sounded stern in the way that only a teenage girl could.  "You need to not do that."
“I do not want Sir heading back upstairs, or worse, straight out onto the lawn, where he would be a fairly visible target,” Jarvis said, and Aunt May paused, looking up at him, her slipper dangling from her fingertips.  “And I need to call the other properties, to make certain that this is an isolated incident.”
"Mr. Stark is always busy," Jarvis said, glancing back over his shoulder in Steve's direction.  There was a glint in his eye, something bright and amused.  "But he benefits from the occasional interruption."
Harris blinked, trying to clear his vision.  “What the hell was-”  A murmur of sound brought him up short, and he froze.  “Right.  Public.”  All around them, heads were craning in their direction, vendors and attendees jostling to get a better view.
Tony took it.  “That’s a terrible idea.”
“Welcome home, boss,” Happy said, so clearly unconcerned that Tony would’ve kicked the side of the car if it wasn’t his car, and also, if Happy wouldn’t have been perfectly happy buffing it out.
The raised typeface on the dog tags stared up at him, and he struggled to breathe.  His hands were shaking as he tucked the chain under the neck of his shirt.
He glared at her.  “I don’t-”
“Everyone’s going to be there,” Steve agreed, because agreeing was easier than trying to think.
“How many siblings do you have?” Steve asked, and the boy jumped.
DJ's face lit up.  “Yes.”
“You’re determined to get us both arrested, aren’t you.”
Steve ignored her.  “Yes.  You should send her back to the castle.  You know.  Where I’m certain they have food.”
