“You don’t have to be there,” Tony said, “I can handle it for you. God knows you’ve been through enough without adding the vultures to it.” This brought a soft huff of laughter from Steve, “What?”
Steve greeted them when they got back to the hotel room. Lily was apparently asleep, and the large super soldiers looked tired and stressed and he took Tony into his arms and kissed him,
“Tony, can you please concentrate?” Pepper sighed, pinching the bridge of her nose and letting out a sigh through her lips.
“This could benefit us too.” Tony said, “We take our employee’s children, if they agree, and we take the most academically gifted children throughout the country and we give them the kind of education that can’t be found in most mainstream schools. We can make sure the classroom numbers are smaller so that the kids get more one on one time with their teachers, and also instead of trying force kids to learn standardized subjects that they may struggle with, we focus more on developing their knowledge and skills with the subjects they are good with.”
Strucker doubted that the weapon had even been legitimate Stark Tech since it had failed to go off, and there were plenty of fakes sold on the black market to those who couldn't afford the prices of going through legitimate channels. The Bomb might have been old Howard Stark technology, there were still plenty of his weapons floating around in the world, being bought and sold by black market arms dealers. Either way it didn't matter to Strucker and he did not correct their belief that Tony Stark had killed their parents, in fact he encouraged it, fuelling their hatred for Stark and implanting a hatred for the Avengers within them.
The images of the arguments and fight between Steve, Tony, and Rogers had gone onto the internet within minutes, and from there the press had taken up the story and turned it into front page news down crying Rogers for his sympathies with a known Hydra collaborator. For blaming Tony for things that had been legally proven to not be his fault, for condemning homosexuality, for saying that Howard should have beaten him when he was a child!
“Yeah, whoa, what?” Date, who had said anything about a date, Tony hadn’t said anything about a date, had he, had he? Damn, he so needed Jarvis for times like this. His mouth somethings did things without informing the rest of him and then he’d be scrambling to catch up and figure out what the hell he’d said when his brain wasn’t paying attention, and said brain had no reason not to be paying attention, it wasn’t like he was working right now, the only interesting thing in the room was Steve, and yeah, okay, that was very interesting, those shoulders, those pecs, damn, having a body like that should be illegal, it should come with a Government health warning, alerting those with health conditions that prolonged exposure might cause heart attacks and strokes.
But Tony had yet to return any of his calls, Rhodey was out of communication, overseas on some military mission, and Pepper wouldn’t even take his calls, her secretary threatening Rogers with having him charged with making nuisance calls if he didn’t desist in calling her office!
“Yeah…” Steve mumbled, neither man moved, they stared at each other, unable to tear their eyes away, then as one they moved forward sinking into a deep kiss.
“So you think that going public is the right way to go?” Rhodey asked, raising at eyebrow at the drool Lily was depositing on Tony’s shirt!
“Oh my brown baby, he is growing up so fast!” Deadpool cooed, “You’re a parent, right?” he said, whipping around and pointing at Steve, “Don’t they grow up fast? I mean one minute you are teaching them the intricacies of kidnapping their cousins, while they are driving you to hits, and next they are running over perverts with their taxi after they have helped you save a really hot handed teen with a drop of diabetes from a future guy with racism and a robot arm, who actually turns out to be useful in saving your future Baby Momma from being shot in the heart was an asshat who you can then kill with a cheese spreader!”
“Yes they do, but they haven’t realized that yet, and there is also the chance that a relationship won’t work and they’ll break up, they are afraid that if that happens they won’t be able to be friends anymore.”
“Your failure provided Hydra with an excellent weapon, Captain.” Zola said, “The Winter Soldier has been our best asset, indeed, he was most useful in dealing with the Stark’s.”
“You know how Captain Jack Harkness behaves around people he likes a lot and the Doctor tells him to stop?”
“Sweetheart, its alright, you don’t need to cry.” He said squirming until he was under the bed besides Zach.
“All sorted, I can hit moving targets now as well as fixed targets.” Peter wrote back. After a few moments his phone buzzed and unsurprisingly it was Ned on the group chat with MJ.
A tuna pasta salad with hard boiled eggs, a protein brownie, and because he wasn’t going completely healthy, a bag of cheese puffs and a chocolate milk.
“Huh.” This gave Steve some pause. Stark Manor was beautiful. It was an old building which Howard had extended when he’d bought it, building the extra wings onto the property, one of which, Tony had said, had been used by Ana and Jarvis.
“It’s fine, all sorted.” Tony said, “Bucky will have to go to court in America and Matt will make a case for him to be found not guilty on the grounds of diminished responsibility. A which point he’ll be free to do as he pleases but until then he’ll be in our custody.”
“And that you three are wanted terror suspects.” Maria added turning on a computer monitor and showing Natasha, Tony, and Steve the news report of them with declaring them public enemies.
“On it Colonel.” Natasha confirmed, she and Clint headed back to the front gate to keep an eye on the road, there was only the one road into Leheigh, so any trouble would come in the direction.
“We’ll go fishing tomorrow.” Steve agreed, securing Zach’s arms around his neck to ensure that he wouldn’t fall now he’d fallen asleep.
“It can’t be true.” Tony said, shaking his head, “I’ve never shot myself up with anything like that, or been shot up with anything like that.”
“And what about New York, what about the Avengers?” Steve challenged, “If you had walked away we’d never have met and that Nuke would have destroyed New York and irradiated half of the eastern sea board.” Gently he reached out and took Tony’s hands, covering them with his own and gently squeezed them. “I know there have been harsh consequences for you becoming Iron Man, but I like to think that the benefits outweigh them.”
“I’m not, I keep messing up.” Peter wept into Tony’s chest, “You should never have adopted me, you should have just let me go into care, then you wouldn’t have to put up with all of this.”
“Yeah I know, I guess that sort of thing was kept more private in my day.” Steve said thinking of the past and of conversations regarding sex back then. People had talked, Alpha’s and Male Beta’s like to brag about their conquests, but only with one another and only in hushed tones over a few pints of cheap beer, never out loud in front of Omega’s and Female Beta’s.
Steve didn’t know exactly what was going on with him, but he knew that there was something bothering Peter. He wasn’t acting like his usual cheerful self. Always seemed on edge and on the verge of saying something only to bite his tongue and look away.
“No Howard, you can’t do this. He doesn’t need changing, he is perfect already!” Maria’s sobbing echoed in Howard’s mind and he shook his head, willing it away from him.
But then, as he was walking home from school, on one of the rare occasions he wasn’t picked up by either Steve or Tony, he had seen a mugger ripping a purse from an old woman, knocking her over and leaving her in the gutter.
Tony’s early childhood had been so lonely and disconnected with anything resembling a family life that feared sending Zach away from home, even if it was just for a few hours a day. He’d not even hired a nanny when he’d gone back to work, he and Pepper had argued about it, her saying that he would need the extra help because he wouldn’t be able to concentrate on work and care for Zach at the same time.
“Just, on a serious note, if there is anything you want to talk about, things you don’t feel you can talk to your Mamma about, come to me, day or night. I promise, there is nothing you can tell me that will shock me.”
“I wouldn’t want to impose,” Steve said, sniffing a bit, and shifting Lily in his arms, Tony’s eyes were drawn to her. His daughter, or that Tony’s daughter. She was beautiful, truly perfect.
“Well, you seem a lot brighter.” Steve said, throwing down his coat on the back of the plastic chair nearest the bed and sat down, “I take it you’ve worked out the designs for your suit.”
“Sounds like it could be a hell of a team,” Tony said, spinning round on his chair and bumping Butterfingers who chirped at him, “Go be useful and pick stuff up,” he said to the bot, he sighed, as the ever helpful Butterfingers reached down into the bin under his desk and began to pick up the rubbish that Tony had thrown away!
“Where did you learn to dance?” Tony asked, impressed by the Captain’s grace and skill. Rogers had always spent the nights propping up the bar with Clint, unable to dance and refusing to ever set foot on the dance floor, since he never got that first dance with Aunt Peggy.
Recovering himself, Tony lay a hand on Steve’s shoulder and spoke to Zola, “Hydra’s plans, what are they, what do you mean when you say humanity will hand over their freedom?”
Peter made a choking noise and hurried to his bedroom, frankly he would be happy to do anything to avoid watching that video ever again.
Steve gave a small smile, “I’ll keep that in mind.” In truth he had always thought Bucky would be his Best Man at his wedding, had he ever got married, part of him still wished Bucky could be his best man but unless a miracle happened and they found him before the wedding, that wouldn’t be happening.
This was enough to have Tony launching himself off Steve’s lap and storming through to the other room, where he seized Deadpool by the neck and body slammed him into the wall.
“Ssss’uh.” Tony whispered one pale hand flexing in the blood that was spread out under him growing wider and deeper by the minute. “So’eee, Sss’ree.”
“You can have a beer or something if you want to, I don’t mind.” Tony said, “Just because I’m alcohol free doesn’t mean you have to be too.”
Under normal circumstances Steve would have smiled at that, might have even laughed, but right now he could do nothing but glare at the images of Wanda and Pietro Maximoff. He didn’t care which one had fired the shot, they would both pay for it and pay dearly for hurting his Omega.
“Yeah, because she’s sweet like honey and hums like a bee, so Lily-Bee.” Tony explained, as if that made perfect sense. Steve was grinning at his interaction with Lily, perfectly accepting of the nickname, recalling the nicknames his Tony had had for her.
“But you have risked your life for strangers, fought along side a group of strangers whom you had only just met and then formed a team with them.”
“Or scare the crap out of him.” Tony said looking to Steve, “If he is alive he’ll be a very old man now, the last thing he’ll need is a load of Shield grunts beating down his door.”
“Its gonna eat me!” Zach declared staring down at it in horror, “Peter told me about lizards that eat people last night!”
Steve stared at Zola his hands curled into fists, his body trembling with anger, with the need to fight, to hit something, to be able to do something.
“That’s cheating!” Telling Pepper was the ultimate way to get Tony to back down and Rhodey knew it, using it to his advantage.
"It's Osborn's fault." He snarled, "I'll sue that arrogant, incompetent assclown into hell for this, I'll see his company ripped apart and burned to the ground." He was clenching his hands into fists looking very much like he wanted to get them around Osborn's throat.
“No archery range for you.” Tony sing songed going to the sink and getting paper towels to clean himself down with, he tossed the roll to Zach to do the same and glared at U as he trod on a banana, “Pick up duty is yours.” He instructed the bot who beeped mournfully, “Oh don’t give me that, you know better than this and I don’t care if Butterfingers was pressuring you, and don’t think you are getting out of this either.” He said pointing at the mop wielding bot, “Get mopping, I want this place clean and tidy.”
The billionaire looked terrible. His normally olive skin was sallow and pasty, his eyes were sunken into the hollows of his skull and were surrounded by dark circles that looked almost painful. His lips were bloodless and chapped from where he’d obviously been worrying at them, and the weight loss… Tony must have dropped at least twenty pounds if not more and it did not suit him.
One of the guards, probably their chief or captain or whatever spoke into his radio telling everyone to stand down and lift the lockdown on the factory.
I know you’ve been abused and I hate that you went through that, I wish I could kill the bastards who hurt you, but that fact you have survived that shows how strong you are. You are standing here alive and well after suffering so much, have two wonderful Sons that any Alpha would be proud to call his own. You can be sarcastic and cutting at times, but you are also observant, thoughtful, impossibly generous, and incredibly loyal. So, why wouldn’t I want you?”
“Hold your horses babe.” Tony said giving him a grin, “We’ve found one energy reading that matches between my brain and the object, we still have a long way to go before we can neutralize the energy.”
This didn’t stop Tony from feeling guilty, or Bruce it seemed, since he’d disappeared. Though Tony suspected part of that was because of Steve’s “Brilliant” idea of adding Wanda to the team.
He was relieved when Osborn’s car finally pulled up and he hurried over, getting into the back of the car where Norman was sat, shrouded in darkness as the lights in the back of the car were turned low.
“Before Ross starts invading elsewhere he’ll try and conquer America first.” Tony said, “Overthrow the government and take power himself. That’s his plan, that is what he intends to do, and then from there he can start attacking Europe, the Middle East, Asia, the whole fucking planet.”
The smug look the Captain shot him every time that Tony glared told him that he was well versed in having to get his Tony to eat instead of work all the time and that he would not be able to get away with his usual tricks while under the Captain’s watchful eye. From his left, Pepper kept shooting Steve pleased looks, at his ability to get Tony to eat a decent meal, which would have set Tony sulking at the fact they were ganging up on him, had it not been for the fact that the food was very good, the triple chocolate mousse they had for dessert especially.
“I’ll show you.” Tony said, putting his hands on Steve’s shoulders. Awkwardly Steve put his hands on Tony’s waist but allowed the Omega to lead, keeping his eyes fixed on the floor so he could see where he was putting his feet so he wouldn’t trample the Omega as they moved to the music.
"You and me both." Tony said pulling his knees up to his chest, he rested his head on his knees and looked at Steve from under his lashes, "I'm sorry." He murmued, "It won't happen again, it can't happen again. I have to get this shit sorted out for good."
“What?” Tony demanded, “You won’t cook meat, you won’t cook eggs, and you can’t toast things. What could you possibly contribute to this breakfast?”
“You kids get away from here, I don’t want to have to call the police.” He said to them through the doors.
The Asset jolted awake the words echoing in his mind along with images of the man he’d nearly killed the night before, dressed in fatigues and clutching his arm a smile on his face.
“Mr Stark, that’s so…. Wow, I don’t know what to say, I’m like honoured and I totally think of you as a Father… I mean older brother figure, you’re way to young to be my Father of course, and I’d never think you were old…”
As it was their first team-up it could have gone better in regards to public relations and inter-team dynamics, the headlines that followed speculating over the relationship between Doom and Richards didn’t help much, and the one that read Iron Man: Matchmaker? With images of Reed Richards and Dr Doom next to it, had Pepper slapping Tony upside the head.
It would all be perfect, if not for the difficulties Zach was having as a result of learning about his bastard of a Father.
This startled a laugh out of Tony, trust Zach to think of something like that, a roller skate and wheelchair race!
“It is possible. I am afraid I cannot provide you with certainties.” Jarvis said, “I can however hypothesize that they will not be satisfied by merely wounding Sir, even severely, therefore they may well attempt another assault to finish the job as it were.”
He was also warned about a possibility of bedsores on Tony’s thighs and buttocks, if he suspected that a sore might be forming he was to inform Tony’s GP right away and begin treatment, they couldn’t afford for an ulcer to form which it too easily could.
He’d seen Stern’s arguments and couldn’t help but wonder if the old bastard was right, that he was to blame for Peter and Zach becoming enhanced; if he’d given up the suit, stopped being Iron Man when he’d learned he was pregnant with Zach then maybe Killian wouldn’t have attacked and Zach would never have become enhanced, Vanko would have lived out his days in Russia and Peter’s Uncle and Aunt would still be alive and he wouldn’t have become involved in Tony’s fucked up life or become enhanced.
“Damn.” Sam said with a rather bewildered smile on his face, “I’m gonna be on TV with Captain America and Iron Man!”
“And we’d have just started chatting and then exchanged phone numbers and gone for coffee?” Steve asked, grinning now as he pictured the scene.
Steve felt that they should get the chance to tell their side of things, and would have argued with Natasha if she hadn’t reminded him that they had yet to find Bucky and save him from Stark.
Breathing heavily he made his way to the sealed metal door and pressed his hands against it, trying to lift it, but it was shut tight, not even his strength could get it moving. From outside of the lab he could hear footsteps, heavy boots thumping on the ground as people ran; he could hear laboured breathing and orders being given over radios.
Well that didn’t work, Steve managed to gross himself out but his penis remained stubbornly hard, then Tony shifted and made the problem worse, the Omega was grinding his delectable backside against Steve’s erection providing the most delicious friction.
“Gimme the instructions again.” Steve said, Sam shoved them at him, and Steve scowled at them. It could not be this difficult to do this, it was two tents, not rocket science, he could do this. He was Captain America, he could put two tents up.
“Oh? So he wasn’t asleep on top of you this morning then?” Sam asked far too innocently and Tony slipped with his tools and cursed. He risked looking up and saw Steve blushing furiously and stammering incoherently.
Steve’s eyes narrowed and he looked through the doors at Tony who was helping Zach with his spelling.
He was being arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm, unlawful imprisonment, financing illegal experiments, and human experimentation.
“I’ve found animals.” Peter whispered back, “Lab animals.” He looked sadly at the poor creatures wishing he could free them. Maybe he could take them back to the Tower when he came back here with the Avengers?
“Yeah, not the first time, and if Cap’s kinky it won’t be the last either.” Tony said with nonchalant shrug, while mentally calculating how long it would take for the suit to reach him.
“Uh excuse the interruption, Sir.” Jarvis cut in, “But I’m afraid open warfare between Master Zach, Master Peter, Colonel Rhodes, and Mister Odinson has broken out in the mansion, if you want to have anything to return home to I suggest you head there swiftly.”
For smell Peter was given a face mask with a filter that would block all smell or allow a small amount in so he could gradually expose himself.
“They’ll be in D.C. Fury decided to call his pet freaks in for a chat. Which gives us perfect opportunity to strike and kill two birds with one stone.” The handler paused and snorted, “Well three actually and maybe more. But the deaths of Stark and Rogers at the hands of an unknown terrorist will be just the final push the UN and the world governments will need to launch project insight. The loss of their beloved superheroes will terrify the world so very much that they will hand over their freedom without a second thought.” He smiled happily, “Then, there will just be a few loose ends to tie up, Fury, Romanoff, Barton, anyone else who can’t toe the line.” He slapped the Assets flesh shoulder, “Keeps you busy, eh, big guy, anything to stay out of the freezer eh?”
“On my way back yeah, I went for a run through the park,” Steve said, “Met a fan of yours, a little boy who never takes off his costume.” He grinned, “He was a real sweetheart, reminded me of Zach at that age.”
“Unca Phil!” Zach cried, jumping up and running over to fling his arms about Coulson’s thighs in a hug.
She would take over Jarvis’s main duties in running the tower, maintaining security, communicating with Dumm-E, You, and Butterfingers, and overseeing Tony’s day to day life.
“What could cause that?” Thor asked, as he leaned his weight against Mjolnir looking reverently at Tony.
Tony managed a weak smile that didn’t reach his eyes, nothing about this situation was going to be an easy fix, himself especially and he wasn’t sure he even deserved to be fixed.
“Hmm.” Tony tried to sound enthusiastic even as his stomach churned. It was only with his immense stubbornness that Tony managed to eat the plateful that Steve gave him and hold it in long enough that he didn’t have to run to the bathroom before he was bringing it all back up.
“Glad you could make it, Captain,” Fury said, looking very healthy for a man who’d been reported to have been shot multiple times, he looked to Natasha and Tony, nodding to and addressing them, “Stark, Romanoff.”
Pepper was naturally going to be Maid of Honour, and Rhodey would be giving Tony away. They then had to decide on when they would be getting married and where, if they would have a big or a small wedding, and of course where they would go on Honeymoon. But before they could start making such decisions disaster struck, and for once it was with Tony, or with Steve, or with the Avengers at all. In fact it happened to Peter.
When my car is found there is going to be a media shit storm over our whereabouts and I can’t afford to let the world no that I’m alright and Steve’s alright because that will give away our location to Hydra. However, I don’t want Zach and Peter worrying, or Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, and Bruce for that matter, so I need you to let them know that we are alright and to hold the fort for us.”
Ordinarily Jarvis respected his Makers privacy and did not interfere in his relationships. This may have been a mistake in accounts to Stane, but Jarvis had not known that at the time his creators Husband was his enemy, not until it was too late and the override codes had been used on him, giving Stane the opportunity to attack Tony in their home.
Tony was feeling all of that already and it had only been a few days, he had weeks if not months of this ahead of him and wasn’t sure he was going to be able to keep from breaking beneath the weight of it all.
“Indeed.” Killian said with a smile, “As I looked out over the city I realized something. Anonymity. It’s been my mantra ever since. You simply rule behind the scenes. Because once you give evil a face you create a target.”
“That’s exactly what I am.” Tony cried, finally meeting Steve’s eyes, “Normal people don’t heal like this, normal people don’t have huge white cell counts, normal people don’t survive having their spleen and aorta rupture inside, of getting their chest full of friggin’ shrapnel.” He snorted, “Guess now I know how I survived open chest surgery in a fucking cave. Anyone else would have bled out or died of blood poisoning, but not me, I get to live with having a lump of metal in my chest cavity, hell, maybe I can survive without the reactor, maybe I’ll survive the shrapnel tearing my heart to pieces, God knows I’ve been told often enough that I don’t have one anyway…”
Peter sniffed and nodded, “I love you Mamma.” He whispered, it was getting rarer that he said it these days, his teens were encroaching and he was starting to head into the years where terms of endearment were seen as uncool and gross.
Gathering what little strength he had, Tony made to shove past Rogers, planning to go and lock himself into a bathroom stall until he’d calmed down enough to show his face again, but as usual, Roger’s wasn’t letting him walk away, grabbed him by the arm and spun him around, his fingers gripping painfully tight to Tony’s bicep,
“It was complicated,” He said, “Yes Bucky remembered himself, remembered me, but he wasn’t the man I knew either. That man died in nineteen forty two. The Bucky that came back had those memories, but he had been changed by the experiences he’d been through since then, all the trauma, all horror, it left its mark. He was in part still Bucky, but he wasn’t the care free, cock sure little shit I’d grown up with” Tony snorted a little at the description and Steve grinned, “He was matured, beyond his years. Hardened and far more cynical, but he was still Bucky, still loyal to a fault and ready to step up if we ever needed him. So, yes, we did get him back, he was just different to the kid I knew.”
Steve grinned, “Maybe later. We will have the bed to ourselves tonight.” He turned and deliberately flexed his muscles, “Hurry up, you need to have breakfast before we set off.”
Tony too would be changed by this, he would be devastated, broken. Any chance of their having a baby together would be gone because social services would take the child from them.
The conversation with Sam had served to lesson Steve’s problem and he lay back contentedly until Tony finally shifted off him and he was able to get up and make use of the bathroom.
“Yeah, hows that possible?” Rhodey asked, “He’d be ninety odd by now, super soldier or not, he wouldn’t be capable of much at that age.”
“I am so sorry honey,” Pepper said, pulling Tony into a hug. “Are you okay? No I know you’re not okay, you couldn’t be okay.”
“Roger that.” Bruce said looking a little relieved at not having to become Hulk, while he was doing better he still preferred not turning into his alter ego.
He played the message and smiled to himself Curien was in Nassau County, he’d been to a free clinic and had his injury treated, it seemed Stark had shot him with his suit and all but destroyed his arm, the clinic had only been able to patch him up and he needed further treatment which he expected Norman to pay for.
“Hey Steve?” Came Tony’s sleepy voice, “Friday said something about someone on the side of the building…” he broke off when he saw Deadpool, “Oh God.”
Tony didn’t need to say anything more, Steve was right with him, heading to the lift and going down to the lobby bare foot and in a pair of sleeping pants, just as Tony was in one of Steve’s shirts and a pair of boxer shorts.
On hearing Tony’s voice Peter shot out of bed, his limbs uncoordinated and body fumbling and falling to the ground as he staggered his to the door, forcing himself to stand up by using the door frame as a support and then the wall as he made his way out of his room.
“I think my (Younger Brother) as you seem to be calling him, is suffering from shock at no longer being an only child!” He said, giving the cameras smile, “He and I are very different though.”
Steve had been sketching when the phone had rung, he’d taken the call, saving Jarvis from having to do so and wasn’t surprised when the woman on the Phone had asked for Tony. While people thought of the Tower as Avengers Tower, it was really Tony’s Tower.
Peter fired his web fluid getting it around MJ’s shoulders and pulled her to a stop, he closed the distance between them in a few seconds and let out a whoop.
Taking pity on him, Tony agreed that Zach could come in the shower with him, Zach could do with a hair wash anyway so it would kill two birds with one stone.
Tony felt tears welling up again, this time they were a mix of relief and sorrow, “But Steve I might not be able to be a proper mate to you anymore, we might never have sex again.”
Steve Roger’s was a very patient man and he could take a lot of shit before he snapped, but dealing with Wade Wilson would test the patience of a saint, and Steve had never claimed to be a saint.
Peter choked on another sob then buried his face into Tony’s chest and clung to him tightly, “I love you Mamma.” He cried, his body shaking with the force of his sobs, “I don’t want to be bad, I don’t, I want you to be proud of me.”
Bruce was the flag holder in this version of capture the flag and his purpose was to evade capture by either team, who would have to take him and the flag he had tied about his wrist back to their base, while also fending off attacks from the opposite team.
“I know baby, I know.” Tony said undoing the last strap and lifting Zach up, he closed his eyes barely holding back the tears as he breathed in Zach’s scent. For a moment he didn’t do anything other than just hold Zach, feel the familiar weight of him in his arms and the press of his small body against him. The relief at having Zach back where he belonged was overwhelming, not even when Rhodey had found him in Afghanistan had he felt this much joy.
“His sickness was not caused by an infection or food poisoning.” Jarvis said, answering Steve’s question before he’d even asked it, “I believe he suffered a night terror, and I do not think it is the first time he has done so since his injury.”
“Sam said theres a pot in the kitchen,” Steve replied neatly placing the damp towel over a rack on the back of the door.
Steve increased his pace, managing to get Zach out of the hospital room and down the corridor to where the others were waiting before he had to put Zach down, his suit smouldering from where Zach’s flaming hands had burned into him.
“Uh huh, and… you what, want a job?” Tony drawled, “I don’t really have an opening for highly trained assassins. Okay they might be useful when it comes to some business negotiations but most countries frown on using murder as a way to get leverage, they don’t even allow torture or death threats.”
“I got an A Plus on my spelling test.” Zach declared, “And my friend Cal’s birthday is in two weeks and he’s invited me to his party.” Sure enough he pulled a shiny party invitation out of his pocket and thrust it at Tony, who scanned the invite.
“Sushi really, for a wedding?” Steve asked eyeing the menu’s dubiously, he had tried sushi an couple of times but didn’t really have a taste for it.
“Scan all possibly security feeds, hack road traffic cameras if you have to, Jay, just find her. We need to have a conversation.” Tony said.
Tony groaned, “If we do so then I want at least a camper van, my poor aged back can’t handle these air beds!”
“It’s alright munchkin.” He tried to reassure her, bouncing her as he’d seen Tony and Steve do, “Nothing’s going to happen to you, I promise.” Supporting her with one arm he reached inside his jacket and pulled out his phone, swiftly dialling Sam’s number.
“Of course he did.” Tony sighed, “I swear to God, I will chop that pain in the arse into tiny little pieces and throw them all into separate active volcanos!” Rhodey nodded not looking like he disagreed with the suggestion,
“Hopefully not.” Tony said, “We’ll work that out. As for this week, you can help me in the lab, and maybe start some meditation with Bruce, work with him on finding a way to help you learn how to stay calm.”
“I can even send them directly to news stations.” Tony said with a smirk, “Hydra will be completely exposed for the world to see. Every piece of dirty laundry will be airing in public.”
Steve nodded and offered Tony a small smile of reassurance. He knew that despite Tony’s brave words for Zach and Peter he was terrified of Social Services becoming involved, it had been a worry for him since Zach’s enhancement. He might have the money to afford the best lawyers in the world, but social services had a massive amount of power, and if they got public support instead of Tony then his chances of regaining custody would be very slim, it could also take years of court cases, suits and counter suits, appeals, and it might still achieve nothing.
As they had spoken about in the hospital, they had decided to take the boys on a camping weekend. Steve had found a lovely spot besides a lake with hiking trails through the woods and up into the mountains. Said mountains were not high and the paths would be easy to follow so it would be no problem for them to walk them.
Steve stood, resolved to help Tony. He couldn’t change the past, couldn’t stop what Howard had already done, but he could ensure that Tony suffered no more than he already had.
As soon as Rhodey’s call came through the team sprang into action, which for Deadpool was literal as he leaped onto Vision’s back as the Android was taking flight and made a cowboy cry as if Vision was a horse!
Over several weeks Peter managed to gain control of his senses and was able to expose himself to more materials, flavours, scents, light, and sound.
This of course meant the pair or rather Steve, at Peter’s insistence had to try and prove Tony wrong, so the pace was increased so they could search in the woods for decent sized branches on their way back to the lake.
It didn’t take Steve long to pack up his apartment in Brooklyn, he had so little that it only filled one bag, clothing, toiletries, his compass, and a few books, that was all he really owned, the rest was the furniture that Shield had bought. He paused once to look over the lonely place, it was nothing like Stark Mansion (Well duh!) but Steve didn’t mean the size of the place or anything like that, he meant that this place didn’t feel like a home.
The bed seemed to engulf Peter's slight frame, the many wires and tubes smothering his body and making him look painfully fragile and young.
Tony lifted his head and glared at him, his face twisted into a mask of pure fury, “I will rip you limb from limb.” He whispered, “I will break you, shatter your body, flay you, and beat you to death. My face will be the last thing your pleading eyes will see in this life, and before I end your misery I swear I will pluck them out and make you eat them.”
Tony’s didn’t want to look up but he couldn’t stop himself from doing so and he let out a long keening cry when he saw Peter standing before him, his intestines hanging outside of his body.
The woman had clearly been expecting someone else when she handed Tony a file and spoke about being left alone now. The people she had been expecting showed up shortly after, claiming to be government agents. Tony called Bullshit, because, well hey, they were full of it and found himself running from a woman who was literally on fire.
“We will be conducting some interviews.” The host said, “But they will be arranged at a time convenient to yourselves and none of the topics mentioned in the contract will be raised.”
Thor smiled, “You didn’t little one. No one blames you for being upset, and it is all over now, no harm done.”
“He’ll be alright.” Thor said nodding his head, trying to appear more confident that he obviously felt, “He is strong, he is a fighter.”
Tony sagged against the wall of the lift as the doors closed. Steve was laughing, “He doesn’t seem too different from my Clint was, a little older maybe, but not that different.”
Pursing his lips Steve followed the sound of voices and made his way into the living room, where he found Tony’s Son’s curled up together on the corner suit sofa, a woollen blanket over their laps as they watched some kind of program on the massive TV in which there seemed to be a blue police box in space.
When asked what colours he would choose for Firecracker when he was older Zach had to take a few minutes and think it over before saying “Owinge.” Which was how he still pronounced Orange, “Because fire is owinge, then White for Daddy and Gold for Mamma.”
Tony gave a choked noise in his throat and Steve held onto him tighter, half carrying him to the waiting room where the teacher sprang up from her seat. With a startled "Mr Stark, Captain Rogers!"
“Ohhh!” Tony threw himself at Steve which had the effort of rolling them both off the bed and onto the floor where they landed laughing in a tangle of limbs. “Gonna make the cutest baby with you.” Tony said kissing Steve’s jaw and neck.
My Father would tell me that it is time I take my place as Asguard’s King, but my heart tells me that the time for my reign is not yet.” A look of pain passed over Thor’s face and he closed his eyes to prevent tears from falling, “I would always seek my Mother’s guidance at such times of uncertainty and now that she is gone, I know not where to turn.”
Because of how young Zach is, and certainly how young he was at the time, Tony did not want his enhancement to become public knowledge, but now, with what had happened to Peter, he feels that it is best that his family and the avengers give full disclosure.”
“If we are going to do this, if we’re going to work together on this then we have to trust one another.” Steve said looking around, “That is the only way this will work. It’s the only way any team works.” He looked at each of them, “Tony’s told us all his story of how he came to be here, everyone knows mine, how I went from picking fights in alleys to being chosen for the super soldier program. Now how about the rest of you?”
Despite all the interest Tony refused to do any interviews or photoshoots, he’d been paraded in front of the cameras as soon as he’d been born and he wasn’t doing that to his Pup, he gave updates on social media and had PR do press releases but that was it.
Tony bit his lip, “He did. He was a…. he was a bad man; he did a lot of bad things. I was going to explain when you were older, I didn’t mean for you to hear it like that.”
“Project Insight goes live just days from now.” Natasha said, “Sitwell and Pierce are using Fury’s murder and your suspected murders as leverage with the WSC to push it forward faster, they’re not even going to wait for Congress to vote or the UN, they’re just going to make it live.”
Tony bit his lip, he could lie, he could say nothing, but if he did that, if their relationship became based on lies then there was no relationship at all, at least not a healthy one.
Steve’s head hurt just thinking about what the cost of that would be, “I’m going to start on blueprints. As soon as Pepper gets the go ahead from legal about the school I’m going to be getting architects to work right away, I want to get this place up and running in a year if possible.” He paused and grinned at the slightly shell shocked soldier, “So, what did you want to see me about?” He asked and hooked his fingers into Steve’s belt to tug him forward, “Were you missing me?”
“Oh, Mr Stark, my plan is most ingenious, but I’m afraid that you two will be too dead to learn of it.” The lift door closed, Steve’s hastily thrown shield not preventing it from closing. Tony tapped his ear piece.
Steve had been great to him so far, hadn’t complained about anything, repeatedly assured him that his feelings hadn’t changed, and did believe him, he really did, Steve was no liar, he was too honest a person for that; but he was a young and virile Alpha with needs, and Tony was going to make sure that those needs for fulfilled even if it killed him.
“You need to keep that opinion to yourself,” Natasha cautioned him, “You don’t have to like it, but do not speak openly against homosexuality. It will only bite you in the ass in the long run.”
The homophobia made James want to stay away from Bucky’s Steve even more. He liked Men himself, and Dames. Liked them both, but Bucky’s Steve didn’t like that, didn’t approve. Had he known it about Bucky? James couldn’t remember, he doubted it though and resolved to stay away.
“I would have thought so.” Tony mumbled looking back at the letter and pursing his lips, “We need to verify that this is genuine.” Turning he headed off down the hall with Steve following after him a few seconds later.
The two stared at each other, looking away and looking back with nervous grins and began to make small talk to try and cover up their nervousness.
“It’s gonna take me hours to scrape this paint off.” Tony complained, “And I promised Zach and Pete we’d blow up that volcano tonight.”
“Sir was sick in the night.” Jarvis said, “He vomited over himself, the bed, and the floor, which was most embarrassing for him as you might imagine.”
There was no way this wasn’t going to get into the media and it would be better if their parents heard the facts from the Avengers than from the news.
Peter’s shoulders slumped and he nodded his head, waiting silently as Tony finished speaking with the principal and signed Peter out of the school. He then followed after his parents out to the car and silently got in, wishing he could turn back time and take Ned up on the idea of running to the cafeteria instead of staying and getting into a fight with Harry.
Presents were passed around, with people trading thank you, and scolding others (Tony) over spending so much, but hey, what was a set of matching Diamond earrings, necklace, and bracelet to a billionaire?
“Mr Osborn?” The principal said gesturing to Norman’s seat. Scoffing the businessman sat back down and crossed his legs.
“You and the rest of us.” Steve agreed and glanced around, “Where is everyone, was there a mission?”
Steve sighed wistfully. He’d give anything to have that in his life, but he knew it could never be. He was lucky to have Tony as his friend, he shouldn’t be wanting more than that, he should be contented at having that much and not wish for anything more.
One of the perks of flying in on a private jet meant that Tony was able to bring one of his cars with him. Well, it was a perk to him, to Steve it meant watching Tony commit two dozen driving offences in the first ten minutes of being on the road, after that he stopped counting wondering how Tony even had a licence when he drove like a lunatic on speed.
When Steve first awoke he didn’t remember where he was, then the memories of the night before came rushing back and he rolled over to cuddle around Tony only to find the other side of the bed empty.
But Peter was not stupid enough to think this luck would last indefinitely, as he gained more notoriety the greater the chance Tony and Steve would put two and two together and he would be found out.
Steve was smiling now, “I can’t believe it. My best friend is still alive.” He looked to Tony, “I can’t begin to thank you for helping me with this.”
“Look Mamma, I drawd you fightin’” Zach said showing Tony a picture of Iron Man fighting grey blobs that were supposed to be the chitauri.
Tony’s lab was a marvel of technology, holographs, and robots, actual robots that moved and interacted with each other and people, they even spoke, more or less, with beeps, whirrs, and trills.
Tony looked over his shoulder at Steve, “An unmanned aircraft, of varying size, mine was small, they fly over areas and take photographs and scans and such.” He explained, “Now, looking at the outside of the camp it seems completely deserted, as if no one has been there in ten years or so.” He changed the image to what looked like some kind schematic, “But, if you look inside the structures, or beneath the ground level, there is a power source down there, a massive one, what it’s doing I don’t know, but there is no reason that the military or Shield would keep a defunct base so powered up, that just doesn’t make sense, practically or costly.”
Rhodey chuckled and leaned in, giving Tony as strong a hug as he dared, “You’ll be alright, I know plenty of people who’ve been through this and come out the other side.”
“No, sweetheart, you’ve done nothing wrong.” He assured the Pup, “I just had a bad time in the snow a long time ago and today made me think of it. But it is nothing you have done I promise.”
Zach bit his bottom lip, his eyes shining with tears, “M’sorry uncle Thor.” He whimpered, “Didn’t mean to hurt you.”
Was Steve doing this because he was looking to reclaim what he’d had with his own Tony. Was he making do with this universes pale imitation? Tony had no doubts that Steve’s Tony had been twice the man he was. He’d certainly not made the same mistakes, and he and Steve had been married, they had a daughter together, of course Steve wanted him back, would have him any way he could.
“Ass kicking can wait, debauchery first.” Tony said resting an elbow on Steve’s shoulder so he could card his fingers through his hair, “Lets go down his corridor a little way.”
“We were just trying….” MJ began in a whispery voice, her usual bravado lost as she faced her own parents wrath, Mr and Mrs Watson were just as furious as Mr and Mrs Leeds, having been told everything by Clint and Pepper after they had been called to the Tower to collect their respective children.
“She’s so beautiful.” Steve whispered, sliding onto the bed and put his arm about Tony’s shoulders, Vision quietly excused himself to go and help the rest of the team secure the base leaving Tony and Steve to have this moment in private with their daughter.
“You can’t honestly be saying that this is Tony Stark’s own fault.” The interviewer said incredulously while the studio audience booed and jeered.
“He might have intentionally brought them into his children’s lives but he did invite them in by publicly becoming Iron Man, publicly threatening the Mandarin, and being a figure of such controversy.” Senator Stern argued.
“And Bucky?” Steve looked sick as he asked this, his face had a horrible pale sheen too it, like he’d eaten something rank or seen something truly vile.
“Twas truly a most worthy battle of wills.” Thor said, beaming happily, he had Zach perched on his broad shoulders, the toddler was getting the burst balloons down from the light fixtures and the doors.
“Not good.” Bruce replied hurriedly inserting an IV port into Tony’s veins, he then began to squeeze on the blood and saline packs to get them into Tony’s body faster. “Steve wash your hands in disinfectant, then I want you to take over my job and get this blood into him.”
Cull roared and flailed, vomiting blood that seeped through the web mask, from behind Deapool rammed his katanas into Cull as hard as he could, pushing his full weight behind them, skewering Cull on all three blades and holding him there until they were sure he was dead.
It was already large and sturdy, the foundations were solid and the ground was level so building up and along would not be difficult.
“Sir, shall I call Happy?” Jarvis asked sounding melancholy, some may say that an AI had no feelings but Tony would bet his right arm that Jarvis did.
“If he did that to me I’d have dumped his crazy ass on the ground!” Sam groused as Vision bore Deadpool clinging to his back and carried him to the UN.
Wanda sneered at him, not bothering to deny it. “He murdered my family, he deserves to suffer, to feel nothing but pain and misery until it finally destroys him.”
“Wha…” the memory of the factory came rushing back and Tony tried to sit up only to have his head spin and his stomach lurch.
He gave up alcohol completely, throwing out every drop, cut back on his coffee consumption even though it was like cutting off a limb. He consulted nutritional research to find the best and most nutritious diet he could adopt while pregnant and made a conscious effort to eat properly.
Norman was of course seething over this, his PR team had released a statement on his behalf expressing his condolences to Tony, but anyone who knew Norman knew that he was only concerned about saving himself and his company.
"Peter Benjamin Parker Stark. August 10th 2000." Tony recited. The receptionist typed the information into the computer and then tapped her electric blue nails on the keyboard as she waited for the results.
“Oh!” Tony’s eyes widened, “Uh, Fri, order baby food and whatever else is needed for babies, nappies and cots and clothes, and Clothes for…, Steve? it is Steve I take it?”
“I am serious, I’ll confiscate your repulsors and leave you earth bound and helpless, you’ll be forced to clunk around like the Tin Man from Wizard of Oz, and don’t you think that’ll give you an oil can when you rust up!”
Pepper had faced many press conferences and interviews since becoming CEO of Stark Industries, she’d also arranged many for Tony when she was his PA. She’d dealt with screaming reporters, snide journalists, flashing cameras, blinding lights, and difficult questions and she had done so without fear.
“You know that place doesn’t exist anymore right?” Ned asked which set off a bickering session between the pair. Peter sat back and let them squabble, enjoying this brief moment of normality in what had become a very weird life.
For several minutes the two just lay there breathing heavily, the, after he got full function back in his limbs, Steve went to get a wash cloth to clean them both up with.
In order to help himself with his lingering PTSD and other issues Tony devised a system to turn memories into a virtual reality, while he names B.A.R.F and presented it at M.I.T. Shortly thereafter Bucky came in from the cold, finally ready to see Steve and start to heal from his past which B.A.R.F. helped him with.
It was huge, over course, it was more like a luxury apartment rather than a hotel room. With three bedrooms, a huge bathroom, and a lounge area with a fully stocked liquor bar, and a balcony complete with a table and chairs to lounge outside.
“Because he never learned to dance properly, and there was a woman he was in love with during the war that he never a chance to be with.”
“Better think up a plan then.” Clint said, “Or are we going to use my favourite method and just shoot everything we see?”
He was also darker than Steve’s Tony. His eyes were a rich chocolate brown, when Steve’s Tony’s eyes had been a golden hazel, his hair a dark brown, where this Tony’s hair was jet black.
“As to our differences,” Steve said, answering Christine’s question. “I a lot less quick to judgement. Having lived longer and seen much more I have learned the value of taking my time before making decisions. Especially ones that can effect not just myself but many others. I have probably mellowed somewhat too, am less quick to anger and tend to look before I leap, again, probably something that can be contributed to age and experience. As I am given to understand, this worlds Steve Rogers had but one week in a military boot camp before being dosed with the serum, then became a… performer? Before rushing into an active war zone to save his friend. The Title Captain America being a stage name that was adopted by the military rather than an actual rank insignia.”
“Sure, should I get some popcorn and beer?” Steve quipped back, as the grainy black and white footage of an old road began to play on the screen.
“Is this because of the Extremis he was injected with?” Janes asked Tony quietly, the Billionaire nodded.
“The manor!” Tony exclaimed, “Its sitting empty we can totally use it for the ceremony and the reception. Jarvis is already uploaded there so security won’t be an issue, we can hire a wedding service to do everything.”
“Fire cracker.” Zach repeated as he lifted his head from Tony’s chest, “That can be my hero name! I’m Fire Cracker!”
He'd wake up and have to go and vomit straight away, then spent an hour panting and sobbing over the toilet.
Sam grinned, “My lips are sealed. I just wanted to see how you were both doing and let you know I’m heading out on my morning jog, if you want I can pick up some bagels and toppings on the way back.”
As his due date grew closer he had Happy run different route to the hospital to find the quickest and had Happy move in with him so he could get him to the hospital as quickly as possible. This also resulted in Happy waiting on him hand and foot as the large Beta was a fluffy teddy bear and got totally mushy when it came to a pregnant Tony and his future God child.
But what do the Avengers do when they are not on duty, what do they get up to in their day to day lives? In this documentary you will be shown exactly what life is like in the Avengers tower.”
The ship was modern and they had access to WIFI, although it could be sporadic depending on where they were in relation to satellites, however it was enough for Wanda to keep track of Stark and his family.
"God...hmmmm, yes!" Tony groaned, "Only after long, unending hours of such torment shall we finally let down our defenses, lay down our arms, and surrender to our invading force."
“Tried what, whore?” Steve spat at him, “Tried to be a hero? You are no hero, you’re nothing but a useless, crippled, alcoholic slut.” Tony flinched away at Steve’s scorn, his tears streaking the black soot on his cheeks and making the ash cling to his lashes blurring his vision.
The base was eerily silent as Vision and Rhodey arrived and stepped through the doors. Both were on their guard, expecting an attack to come, most likely from Wanda who was the most trigger happy so to speak, Rogers and Romanoff knew to hold back and wait for an advantage before firing where Wanda just ploughed in.
“I am unsure as to the merits of Peter’s punishment and the fact that it is causing Zach such distress.” Thor said, “Are such methods common practise by parents on Midgard?”
The Detective sighed and pinched the bridge of his nose rubbing his fingers and thumb up to between his eyes as if he were trying to shift a sinus headache, “I know its unfair.” He said, after rubbing his fingers and thumb over his eyelids, “But the justice department would rather have Osborn behind bars than this Doctor. He is a much bigger fish.” He looked almost imploring at Steve, “The Doctor has not gone unpunished, he has lost an arm from just below the shoulder, that will end his surgical career, he’ll never be a practicing Doctor again. He has also suffered a serious trauma to his leg and will face chronic pain from the injury, as well as suffering an abdominal injury from being shot. While he will be granted his immunity and witness protection, he will not be sent back to the life he once had. It was be a drastically changed life, one of mediocrity and frugality.”
If Tony hadn’t killed Stane, then Steve would have gladly done so; he would have taken his time on it too, made the swine suffer for all the pain he’d inflicted on Tony, was still inflicting even now he was gone.
“Hey you go champ.” Steve said placing a straw against Peter’s mouth so he drink water from a plastic cup, “Slowly now, don’t choke.”
“Yes, I need to get to Peter.” Tony said, although he did feel guilty about not going to Malibu to see Happy and Pepper, but he had to put his elder Son first and he still needed to get Zach to the lab and start working on Extremis.
Tony yelped, pulling hard on Steve’s hair, making him yelp too, which was no doubt the reaction Pepper was hoping for when she shouted through the door at them.
Sighing he punched Steve’s number into the phone his heart feeling lightened when the Alpha answered.
“Hey!” Clint cried, “I’ll have you know that I am famous for my graffiti, I am master of the decorative walls and the backs of doors.”
Giving up on sleep the Billionaire had gone outside of the tent and lain down on the sand to watch the stars. At some point however he must have fallen asleep because the next time he became aware his face was warm from sunlight, there was the smell of something delicious nearby along with the siren scent of coffee, and the worrying giggles of his Sons.
Both in his dream and his physical body, Tony let out a moan, in his dream he was on his knees on the barren ground, clutching fistfuls of ash, the ash that used to be his son.
“We pulled your medical records.” Fury said, “We went all the back to your infancy, and it seems that at three months old you were rushed to hospital with unexplained convulsions and bleeding from the ears and nose. You were admitted to the paediatric ward immediately and over the next five days you developed a fever that rose to 108 degrees. You continued to bleed and convulse, Doctors feared the worst, but on the sixth day the fever broke and the bleeding and convulsions stopped. No cause for the affliction were ever established and you were released from hospital three days later.”
Curien wet his dry lips, “I understand he whispered hoarsely, and just about collapsed on the pillows when Tony let him go.
“I’m getting lawyers prepared to fight if necessary, but even with a vast fortune at your disposal, fighting Social Services isn’t easy.” Pepper said running a hand over her forehead and smoothed it over her scalp, carefully so she didn’t mess her hair, “It’ll destroy Tony to loose the kids.”
Lily giggled and reached out grabby hands to Tony, for him to take her, eagerly he did so and began making faces at her which set her off laughing all the more.
“She is indeed, and has been changed and fed by Bossman, and is currently watching the war bossman is having with the kitchen appliances. If it reassures you at all, she seems to find the whole thing very amusing.” Steve couldn’t hold back his laughter and decided to go and rescue the kitchen from Tony before it got set on fire, or blown up, or attacked with a gauntlet if Tony became frustrated and decided to take it out on the kitchen.
He was not going to be like Maria Stark. Subservient and cowed. Dependant and despondent. He would not let an Alpha walk all over him the way that Howard walked all over Maria, he would not lose all self-respect and dignity to the point where he just let it happen and buried his misery in bottles of pills, he would not allow anyone to treat him the way Howard treated his Mother, nor would he ever allow his Alpha to treat their children the way Howard treated him.
“Zach please, you can go and in and say goodnight to your brother at bedtime.” Tony said tried to persuade Zach, “You can spend a few minutes reading with him….”
So, Zach took his pants with him, heading back to the kitchen to get his Mamma to help him put them on properly.
“Can we start to look into my other abilities now?” He asked, “I really want to find out how strong I am and exactly what I am capable of.”
“It’s good to have dreams. I had a dream once, no, wait… I actually did wake up in a hot tub wearing a thong with Gwen Paltrow next to me.”
Deadpool was positively gleeful about getting to fight Rogers, he leaped at him, his katana blades drawn and Rogers barely managed to get out of the way before getting his arms sliced off by the deranged mercenary.
With repulsor blasts from both of his gauntlets he destroyed the doors in a shower of exploding glass and metal. He marched into the factory crushing debris under the weight of his boots.
“What do you mean? You are still you, Tony. You just have a few extra goodies, but you are still my Tony, nothing will change that. Not Howard, not white blood cells, not even puss leaking sores the size of a tomato growing over your skin!”
Steve typed out a reply on the tablet, “I don’t know, science stuff, I’d need a PHD to understand it all!”
“No.” Peter shook his head, “He…he and Flash came over while me, MJ, and Ned were having lunch. They started bit… slanging us off about what happened at Oscorp and the lawsuit against Norman.” Peter avoided Tony’s eyes when he said this not wanting Tony to feel guilty for his lawsuit.
“Is there a reason you are attacking my ass?” He asked hoping his hair wasn’t too much of a birds nest, he ran a hand through it, yeah, lost cause.
“So Ned said that after news spread of me being suspended, MJ marched right into the Principals office and demanded to go on record. I’m not sure if they have a record, but she wanted to go on it, giving her side of the story and wouldn’t leave until the Principal had it all down in writing and had another two teachers sign the statement and print copies of it so her testimony couldn’t be destroyed.” Peter explained, panting as he jogged beside Steve.
“Great.” Tony sighed flushing the toilet and going to the sink to brush his teeth, “So long as it doesn’t get any worse, then I should be able to get through today without ruining it for everyone else.”
“Sure.” Peter murmured continuing on his way to his homeroom, his cheeks flaming as he heard several girls and boys commenting on how “Cute” he was, how sweet his “Ass” was, and how they’d like to get in his webs with him!
“Because while it had the memories it doesn’t have the brain.” Natasha said going over and joining Clint, she took one of the Skrull’s wrists and broke it with a sickening crack of bones, then continued to twist the joint back and forth.
"It seems that young Mr Stark is a very lucky boy." The Doctor said to Tony and Steve as they came back in, "It doesn't appear that he has suffered any lasting damage at all. However I am going to order some more tests just to be on the safe side, so I am afraid you'll be staying with us for a little but longer." he said to Peter who grinned back at him.
“Well it had to come out sooner or later.” Sam offered, taking the damp towel from the back of his neck and rubbed his hair with it.
Natasha’s eyes flashed, “I like a challenge, especially one with the potential to bite back.” Tony snapped his teeth at her and Fury cleared his throat,
Tony didn’t have time to turn or to move or to do anything before his back was engulfed in pain as Killian set him on fire.
With Happy and Pepper baby sitting, Rhodes, Bruce, and Thor watching their six, Tony and Steve headed into Camp Leheigh under the cover of darkness.
Peter had no reason to be rebelling from his family, yet he was doing so. Yes it was a good reason, or at least he felt it was a good reason? He wasn’t quite sure how to explain it even in his own head, and that confusion didn’t help the uncomfortable knot in his stomach any, but, he knew that if he told his parents what he was doing then they would stop him, investigate Osborn themselves and keep him on the side lines, refusing to let him be a hero until he was older.
“I’m not.” Steve insisted, “And I’ve had my fill of swimming today.” He wasn’t sure he could look at the ocean without feeling sick right now anyway.
With the boys at school the team met for their first official team briefing since before the debacle with Osborn, whom they still had no trace of.
You’re gonna live, you have to live, you asked me out on a date, remember? Dinner and a movie, and I expect the works, Mister. I want you to show up in a nice suit, with flowers and a box of chocolates, I want you to open doors for me and pull out my chair at the restaurant, I wanna share a fucking bowl of spaghetti with you and have out mouths meet like in Lady and the fucking Tramp!
“We were thinking that, considering Shield is out of commission, the Avengers will be in greater need than ever.” Natasha said, “Especially with Hydra still out there.”
Steve had made the mistake of looking up the price of one of the suits and had nearly choked on his own tongue when he’d seen the eye watering figure. He’d been too scared to wear them, worried that he’d damage them somehow, but as he walked through the hotel, surrounded by people dressed in outfits that must have cost five figures without including accessories, he wished he’d put one on.
“The Avengers new member. Mr Frosty!” Steve said snapping some pictures and up loading them to the internet.
“Because I needed to speak with Tony,” Steve sighed, rubbing his temples where a headache was beginning,
“Screw you asshole!” Zach snarled, treating the man carrying him to an elbow in the stomach, the man grunted and dropped him down onto the floor. Zach quickly scrambled to his feet and made a run for it, ducking under the product rails and dodging around equipment, running as fast as his little legs would carry him.
Choking on laughter, Tony lifted his head and cleared his throat, “Oh Captain please save me, I have no control over my butt, it is constantly demanding attention.”
Steve shook his head, “You have the right to feel anything, and do not deserve to berate yourself for it.”
“I think we have to ask ourselves, is it right that someone who actively invites attacks upon themselves and their property by posing as a “Superhero” and taking the law into their own hands, had two impressionable and vulnerable minors in his care?
“Maybe we should think up a name for you, hmm?” he asked stroking the bump, “I don’t know if you are a boy or a girl so I think a unisex name would be best. Max, Aiden, Taylor, Spencer, Jamie, Riley, Dylan, Morgan, Jordan, Alexis, Theo. Damn, there’s just so many to choose from isn’t there?”
Laughing Steve wrapped his arms about Tony’s waist, helping to lift him up and down while thrusts his hips up, driving his cock into the hot, wet flexing muscles that were squeezing and tormenting his cock in just the perfect way. Between his and Tony’s bodies he could feel Tony’s cock leaking, the Omega might not be fully aware of it, but entire body was enjoying this, something Steve was as grateful for as Tony himself.
How some celebrities were straight back in the gym as soon as they’d delivered was beyond him, as much as he’d like to get back in shape and shift the Pup weight he was too exhausted to do anything but stagger around in a zombified state, not to mention that he was far too sore down there to even contemplate any form of exercise beyond his bow legged shuffling, to and from the bathroom and the kitchen to get something to eat and drink.
“That’s a long story.” Steve said wearily, he looked around the compound where Chitauri continued to fight, “And we still have work to do.”
“They had only just met.” Pierce countered, “And while they seem to now be working together, having found Zola’s remains, they had no prior contact to their first meeting in Stuttgart.”
Tony held his gaze for several seconds before slowly releasing his wrists and returning to his limp state, allowing Steve to get his tie off and undo his shirt. He slipped the shift off Tony, swearing when he saw the bruising on the Billionaires wrists and shoulders from Maximoff’s magic. The same could be said for the bruising on his ankles which was revealed when he tugged Tony’s trousers off.
The airbags deployed and it was a moment before Steve got his bearings, his head was spinning and something was running down the side of his face.
“Are you sure?” he asked, getting a nod and Tony turned away, pushing his face into the pillows. Steve rolled his lips, forcing himself to back away, but when he heard a muffled sob his resolve crumbled. He was back across the room within two strides, up onto the bed in one fluid motion, and had Tony pulled into his arms, head against his chest a moment later. Neither of them spoke, there was no need for words, Steve held Tony, rubbing his back until he had cried himself out and fallen asleep, the Captain had intended to leave, but he was warm and comfortable, the bed was very soft and he felt too cosy to move.
An indeterminate length of time passed before the consultant came to the waiting room and escorted Steve and Tony to Peter's bedside. Tony let out a wail when he saw Peter in the bed, a tube down his throat, another going up his nose, IV ports in the back of his hand, and heart monitor pads on his chest. Steve couldn't hold back a choked sob himself at the sight of their son, skin flushed with fever on his cheeks and forehead, but worryingly pale elsewhere, his lips discoloured, and eyes looking shadowed and sunken.
Zach frowned, he didn’t like it when his Mamma was sad. He’d seen him sad before, only a few times, when he hadn’t been able to sleep at night, and he’d get up and go looking for his Mamma. A couple of times he’d found his Mamma with his Uncle Rhodey, his Mamma would be crying while Uncle Rhodey rubbed his back and whispered to him.
They left the gala early, staying just long enough for politeness sakes and then made their exits, pausing on the way back to the tower to pick up a couple of pizzas since the meal hadn’t been large enough to fill Steve at all and Clint and Bruce were both still peckish with Natasha only having a slice, Tony, due to his on coming heat had no appetite, just wanting to get out of his suit and take a shower before going to bed so he could get some sleep before his heat arrived.
“I’ll help!” Matt grunted wondering how the hell Deadpool knew who he was and really wished that the lunatic’s enhancements had cost him his tongue!
“We both are.” MJ said, “But we were trying to help. Osborn is a bastard, he’s doing human experiments!”
“You could have let us in on your plan to fake your death.” Tony pointed out, “Let Natasha know at least.” Natasha glanced at Tony in surprise, he was still prickly towards her and she hadn’t expected him to come to her defence, it made a pleasant change, one she hoped would remain.
As Tony’s friends and family rushed to Prague to be with him, Jarvis had another task. In case of emergency, Tony had given him very specific instructions to carry out, which the AI initiated once Tony had been taken into the air by the Avengers.
“I am sorry to tell you Mr Stark that you have suffered a serious and permanent spinal injury. When you were shot the bullet passed severed your spine between the L1 and L2 vertebrae, shattering L2 beyond repair, our neurosurgeons did their best, your spine has been stabilized but that is as much as we were able to do for you, the damage is beyond the ability of medical science to repair.”
“Merry Christmas.” Everyone called back, and Steve moved back from the stove to kiss him, his apron a comic Santa design.
“It seems your attempts to free yourself have failed Captain.” He said in his most business like voice, “Perhaps you should try a different approach.”
Tony looked up from where he was designing a new type of satellite, one that would have a high powered telescope to peer deep into space, using ultra-violet, Infrared, motion detection, and ultra-sonics to search the galaxy for Thanos and signs of him coming to invade earth. He was also planning on building laser weapons to be powered by arc reactors that would be placed in orbit about the earth, to fire on any invading space craft. That one would be more complex, he would need approval from The UN for one, and countries not associated with the UN before he could start placing weapons in space.
Grumbling under his breath Tony gripped hard onto the banister and began to drag himself up the stairs his knees and hips protested with every step.
“What the hell happened?” Sam asked as he lay out the first aid kit on the kitchen counter, setting out disinfectant, gauze, bandages, adhesive dressings, and cotton wool balls.
“Mamma silly, humans don’t melt.” Zach laughed, his mouth and chin were smeared in ice cream and he had a blob of whipped cream on his nose.
Tony slowly regained his health. Within ten days of Vision taking away Wanda’s magic the nightmares and hallucinations stopped, save for the natural bad dreams that came up every now and again.
Tony looked up and spat blood at her, “For you and him. Personally, I can barely remember anything, being sky high on coke and tanked up on booze tends to make things a bit hazy.” He gave her a mirthless smile, “I assume we fucked, or did you guys just tie me up and fuck besides me while I slept it off, because for the life of me, I can’t remember a fucking thing.”
He was taken through the factory which was practically deserted, to where a tall slim man was waiting.
“We’ll pay a trip to Armani and that’ll be sorted,” Tony said, looking Steve over, damn but he was going to look edible in a tux. Tony would have a hard time (No pun intended) keeping his hands to himself.
Steve squeezed his hand and offered him a tremulous smile, “Its going to be okay now sweetheart.” He said, “I promise.”
“Now Peter.” Tony said his jaw tense with anger. “You are grounded for a week and this time I mean it.”
Fury rose an eyebrow at Tony, “Just like that, no small talk, no smartass comments? What’s the matter Stark, has Rogers finally tamed you?”
Tony’s head whipped around at Peter’s whimper and he was across the hall in a second, taking Peter into his arms and holding him close. “Baby, what is it, what’s wrong?” He crooned, rubbing Peter’s back and taking the boys weight against himself.
Tony’s hope that his discomfort wouldn’t get worse lasted only until after dinner, most of which he’d pushed around his plate feeling too nauseated and uncomfortable to eat.
Damage from Rhodey, Natasha, and Clint fighting Killian’s guards had damaged the rest of the factory and the inferno that Killian had created was spreading fast, Tony was struggling to stay ahead of the flames as well as struggling to breathe through the acrid smoke. However he was nearest an exit, he could see the fire escape (Huh irony) right ahead of him. Putting a last burst of speed into the run Tony raced for the door threw his weight against it, getting outside just as the factory blew apart.
“Leave it J.” Tony said, wiping his mouth and getting to his feet, “This is my mess to clean up not his. And’s it’s just a bit of sickness and bloating, its not like I’m dying or anything.”
“Fuck no, nor caviar, why the hell is that on the list, Jarvis is Pepper trying to poison me? She is isn’t she, this is some kind of evil murder plot against me. I knew this would happen, making her CEO has made her power mad and now she is on the path to supervillainy and is going to kick off her evil take over the world plot by murdering me.”
“Tony is not generally the sort to hold a grudge,” Rhodey said, “I’ll ask him first, but considering what we maybe facing, I doubt that he would want to turn away another fighter for the cause,” He looked to Vision, “You should think about it too.” Vision gazed at him appraisingly,
“Digging your own grave there Dad.” Peter said, his voice growing a little timid as he finished the sentence. Steve paused in folding his shirts and looked at Peter surprised. “Is it, um, is that okay?” Peter asked worrying at his bottom lip, “I mean I know you’re not technically my Father, but I um, I’d like to.. I think of you as…” He trailed off as a smile spread over Steve’s face.
“What happened to Peter, he was fine when we left.” Steve asked, rising from the bed and doing much the same as Tony in grabbing the first item of clothing available.
Statements like this, even messages of condolence Steve didn’t have a problem with, what he had a problem with was Secretary fuckface Ross daring to speak about Tony and criticize him, practically blaming him for his injuries and just about saying that Tony deserved to be crippled, as if he’d some how been asking for it!
“Indeed you are very firm in your judgement.” Tony said snickering and gasping, “Stiff and unyielding.”
Fighting the feeling of vertigo, Tony tossed the sheets back, exposing his body and froze as he stared down at his distended abdomen. He blinked once, then twice and nothing changed, his belly remained the rounded dome straining up under the medical smock he was wearing. With a shaking hand he touched the curve of his stomach gingerly, experimentally. It felt firm, a solid mass rather than dough soft.
Tony paused for a moment, he could blast Rogers in the gut, he had perfect aim to do it, he could kill the man right here and now. Every part of his body was burning for him to do it, but he waivered, unable to take the shot, unable to murder Captain America.
“You did this, it is your fault.” The voice hissed in his ear, “You should have saved them, you should have done more.”
The detective had a point, if Norman was arrested then Tony’s lawsuit against him and Oscorp would be a guaranteed win and taking a good chunk of the man’s fortune be a step towards compensating Peter. It wouldn’t undo the physical, mental, or emotional trauma, but it would pay for therapy and add to Peter’s trust fund.
"There are other lands to conquer you know." Tony said laying down on his front and began to walk his fingers down his own chest and navel, "There is the arid planes with its single mountain in the centre that has yet to be explored, the twin islands that beckon to many travellers," He ran his hands over his breasts suggestively, "But perhaps you prefer to explore the dark caverns between the high mountain slopes." he slipped his hand between his thighs and wiggled his eyebrows at Steve.
With a snarl of rage Killian turned and opened his mouth letting out a wave of fire at Tony, who fired his gauntlet, which threw him backwards into the wall but also got him out of the line of fire.
Still feeling full they decided to take a walk around Manhattan before dishing up dessert and settling down to watch some movies in front of the TV, and of course, the Doctor Who Christmas Special.
“I remember.” Tony purred back, he greeted the rest of the journalists whom he noted had all been specially chosen. They were none of them gutter press, they were decent fact finding journalists who reported real news not trashy gossip, they were more likely to write a factual and favourable story than sensationalize Tony’s injuries and make it seem like his life was over.
“No,” Tony said at once, “She’s not… she’s in Malibu.” At Steve’s frown he went on, “We broke up about two months ago.”
“There is no record of Captain America ever defecting to Hydra before his time in the ice and certainly nothing since then.” A woman said to them, “Somehow he came upon the information of your true allegiances.”
Zach, used to hearing this threat given to Peter without any follow through, ignored this in favour of jumping on Peter and Steve, demanding that they get up so they could go to the beach.
That of course led to arguments about whether or not Tony would be faithful to Steve, if he had been faithful to Obie. Which also brought up the subject of whether or not Obie was faithful to Tony.
Only three hours past before the next wave; this time Tony straddled Steve and rode him. His body bucking and writhing above Steve as he came and slowly knotted for the second time. He held Tony then, as the Omega shivered against his chest whimpering slightly and swiftly falling asleep once more.
A river of it had spread under his body in Sokovia, pooling beneath him and spreading out as he’d lain prone on the ground, unable to move or even to draw enough air to cry out.
“Steve,” Tony said, taking hold of his wrist, Steve glanced back at him, his jaw tense with anger for his mate. Letting out a loud breath through his nose, Steve nodded and sat back down.
Criminal prosecution was not something General Ross took that much interest in, not unless it was something involving terrorists or the Avengers.
“Monsters.” Peter said, “Cross bred animals, he’s got a freaking monkey alligator thing in here, giant spiders, and, holy shit!” Peter stared at the next thing he saw with disbelief. It had a lions head complete with a mane of fur, but the body was shorter, more compact and instead of fur on its back it had feathers and the legs didn’t end in paws but with talons that looked wickedly razor sharp.
Grace was an attractive woman at the start of her thirties. She was not as put together as Pepper was, but she had clearly tried to maintain her appearance while juggling being a single Mother and working all hours to keep a roof over their heads. She was a little too thin, showing that she had probably gone without meals more than once so her children could eat. Her hair needed a trim and the roots needed doing, but she had taken the time to wash it and put it up into a French twist. She’d also bothered to put on some make-up and paint her nails. Her clothes were old but clean and ironed, so despite the colour having faded they were still presentable and wearable.
Tony held his ground, his chin jutting defiantly at Steve, “There’d have to be competition for me to be scared of first, Captain Tight Ass.”
“You know that once we’re ready to show our hand to Hydra, I will have to go to the authorities with the information on Howard and Maria’s deaths.” Tony said in a softer tone now, “We can’t hide it. To do so would make us accessories to their murder, we could be charged and do time for it.”
“You didn’t let anything happen.” Bruce said, “And beating yourself up will get you no where.” He gestured to the water, “Drink, you are dehydrated and we need you on top form.”
He sat squirming through dinner, holding his breath every time the cramping grew worse and the aches griped all the more.
“He’ll be fine.” The Doctor said, “You can give him calpol to bring down his fever, I suggest getting some calamine lotion from the chemist for when the rash really starts to come out, which it soon will, and some child anti-histamines to help him sleep at night. Given a week or so he’ll be over it and the scabs from the blisters will fall off themselves, but he mustn’t pick at them.”
One view was that Peter was living in the lap of luxury, was constantly showered with expensive gifts, had all the latest gadgets, wore designer clothing, had an unlimited allowance and had his whole future already bought and paid for, with places in ivy league schools and vast trust fund already set up for him. In short, they thought he was a spoiled brat, and that Tony was making up for loss of Peter’s family with materialism.
Steve remained on the floor comforting Peter for several minutes, while the others glanced at each other awkwardly until Natasha sighed, “We should debrief, pool all the intel we have on what happened at the base, all of what Jarvis discovered, and set up a watch rotation on Tony. He might be out of Sokovia but that doesn’t mean he’s not still in danger.”
While they exchanged further snarky comments, Tony and Harley worked on Jarvis’ system and Iron Man before Harley took Tony into the town, where he met with Chad Davies’ Mother.
Steve jolted awake and sat bolt up right, fists clenched and muscles tensed ready to fight, he relaxed after a second when his brain caught up with his body and realised that there was no threat, just an over excited child.
Not the race of blue eyed blondes that Hitler had wanted, but a race of humans that were not burdened with diabetes, heart disease, arthritis, cancer, sickle cell, lupus, Huntingtons, MN, MS, and so many other illnesses. A race where learning difficulties and behavioural difficulties were not just managed but eradicated, no more dyslexia, or ADHD, no more mental health and the side effects that came from the treatments.
If the armour was capable of shrugging then that was what Jarvis did, “She has the ability to affect and manipulate minds, she was in close proximity to Sir, it is entirely possible that she has affected him and may even still be doing so.”
Tony looked at Steve with a risen eyebrow, “He’s doing this really, you are actually letting him do this really?”
“So, normally when this happens, I just go through it on my own, but this time I was thinking that maybe….” Tony broke off and gave Steve an expression as if he hoped Steve would understand.
Tony didn’t argue, he slowly got to his feet and shuffled out of the stall then doubled over with a cry of pain as another contraction hit. The soldiers shouted at each other, one running off to fetch a medic while the others kept the guns trained on him.
A psychologist who chose to remain anonymous said that in her opinion the relationship could only be detrimental to the children in the long term. “The relationship will not last, Steve Rogers is still coming to terms with the twenty-first century; it is far too soon for him to be having any kind of relationship, he is confusing love with dependency, and from what I gather he is dependant on Stark for his home, food, clothing, etc. When he starts to break away from Stark’s influence; he will come to realize that he is in fact not in love with Stark and the relationship will end.
“Uh huh. Data processors and storage, some of them decades old, some… new.” Tony made his way to what looked to be the newest section where a computer was set up and he began to type on the keyboard. “What’s going on down here, Shield wouldn’t need something like this for Data storage, they could set that up anywhere and scrap all of this.”
Cameras flashed and reporters screamed questions but Stark headed straight into the building, leading his family away from the press, a tall strawberry blonde woman followed just behind him, while talking on her phone.
Clint’s video ended with him moaning and groaning like a woman in labour and clutching his aching, bloated stomach after he’d stuffed down ten-thousand calories in twenty-four hours.
“And we’ll be home watching Dr Who with Zach and Peter before you know it.” This actually startled a laugh out of Tony, following by him coughing again. “It can’t be easy,” Steve said, “Raising two Pups alone, and not many people would have taken on another child when their own was so young and they were raising them single handed.”
The thought of his bright bubbly son left impaired had Tony sobbing into Steve's arms, the Captain quietly crying into Tony's hair as he comforted the Billionaire.
Tony nodded his head and took a steadying breath, “Well, the Doctor didn’t say that it would be impossible, just very unlikely, so maybe we don’t have to give up hope completely.”
“Which is why you shouldn’t be bare foot.” Pepper scolded him with a poke in Tony’s ribs, “You need to get that sorted.” She said pointing to the hole in the floor, “How did that happen?”
“I said it must be confusing for you, being here in the twenty-first century when so much of the world has changed, society especially.” The woman repeated, she gave a faint tinny laugh, “Why, to think I had only just been born when you went into the ice. Not that you’d know it, looking at me of course.”
“Yep, absolutely no other reason.” Tony lied, a grin tugging at his lips as he pretended to be interested in the menu options and not completely focused on the feel of the very hot body and very firm muscles beneath him.
Unable to do anything but wait, Tony and Steve had decided to use the time they had to take Zach and Peter on a mini break. The boys schools had called them in for conferences to decided the boys futures in the week and with any luck they would be back at school after that, so this was a good chance for them to relax before getting back to work.
“Are you lost miss?” The police officer on the door asked, his eyes fixed on her cleavage and not her face.
Digging his nails into Steve’s back Tony closed his eyes and clenched his muscles as he felt his orgasm approaching, feeling that Steve was still a little way behind him, he forced himself to hold on, making his body resist until Steve was on the cusp, then he sank fully down onto Steve’s cock, and let his body become flooded with pleasure as Steve came hard inside him.
“Come with me and you won’t get hurt.” Maya said, not relishing the thought of frightening him further.
Rhodey broke into a huge smile, “Come here my pancake.” He said spreading his arms wide and picked Zach up, “Hmm, you smell of pancakes, you’re becoming a pancake.” He said.
“I’ll go to a chemist.” Steve said blushing a little. Condoms might now be readily available and not hidden away behind the counter and sold with hushed whispers to the proprietor, but that didn’t make buying them any less embarrassing.
“Shut up!” Roger’s bellowed, using his super strength he managed to wrench Deadpool’s katanas from him and delivered several bone crushing punches to the Merc’s face which only had Wade prat falling backward and pulling Rogers down with him, at which point he wrapped his legs about Rogers waist and flipped them over to straddle him, actually gyrating his hips as he did so,
The Con side argued that this was just a way of passing the buck, saying it was just as likely a military person would have ended up just as injured, and that Tony could not be considered an amateur when he was the creator of the armour and had spent the better part of two decades in war zones when he had been the weapons contractor for the military.
“Get him on a gurney.” The Doctor ordered, “Take him to my lab. I’ll patch him up and then…then we’ll see what we’re dealing with.”
“Medical attention?” Natasha scoffed, “What he needs is to be arrested for assault and battery, if not attempted murder!”
The world may have changed but he hadn’t, as far as he was concerned no Omega or Beta woman was fit to handle business, high finance, or anything more complicated than nursing their litter. It didn’t matter how intelligent Tony was, how astonished the world were by his rapid progress, all Howard saw was a weak, dependant Omega whom he needed to have secured to an Alpha he could trust so he could make sure SI would be safe.
When Tony gave her the nod, Pepper stepped forward and brought the conference to a close, answering a few questions for them about SI before she too departed for her office.
As normal if they were heading out to a mission soon after breakfast, Clint was checking his weapons at the breakfast table and kept using an arrow head as a fork which made Zach laugh and Natasha slap him upside the head, which saved Tony the job because really, he didn’t need Zach getting anymore bad habits, honestly Peter racing Zach into the kitchen and crawling all over the ceiling to do it was bad enough and all he could stand before he’d had at least a litre of coffee.
“Physical exercise is said to help alleviate stress.” Jarvis allowed. “It would not hurt to attempt it.”
“Why?” Zach pouted up at Peter, to him it was so easy, Steve and Tony liked each other, he liked Steve, so they should get married and make him a little brother or sister to play with.
The mentioning of Osborn brought back the memories of the lab and Peter had to swallow back a wave of nausea, “The things he’s doing, Mamma.” He said, “The things in that lab…”
“The greater good of whom?” He asked, “You? Cap? Sure as hell ain’t Stark, nor Barnes for that matter. You know, if you really believe that, then you are not just cruel, you’re delusional, and I am done with this shit, Falcon is officially standing down.”
“Establishing now.” Friday replied, “Accessing data from secure satellite. Sir was on mission with the Avengers, Sir has been severely wounded and is enroute to a hospital in Prague. Mini Starks, Boss Lady, Platypus, and Happy Hogan are also enroute. As of yet the media have not been informed of this. Question, should the media be kept in the dark indefinitely?”
“He’s my Son, Bruce.” Tony said in a pained voice, “I need to be with him, you don’t…” He fought for breath, his throat feeling raw, “That Doctor, he cut him open, like a cadaver.”
The smell of food soon had the rest of the team up from their beds and heading into the kitchen to get their pancakes, coffee, tea, juice, and hot chocolate.
As horrible as the thought of Peter being damaged in any way was, they would both take that over his being dead.
“Or maybe you can be a Super Villain who captures me.” Steve said, “Has me tied up and at your mercy, but instead of torturing me you decided to use your wicked wiles to seduce me over to the dark side.”
He would stumble about like that for a while, then he would come across them, one by one. Hawkeye, Clint with his arms wrenched from the sockets and his eyes torn from his head laying in a pool of his own blood, his wife and children besides him, broken, bloody, and dead.
“Why are you buying a chimpanzee?” Steve asked as he arrived in the lab, he looked around at the disaster the lab had become and rose his eyebrows, “Did something explode in here?”
This was rapidly turning into a serious discussion and Tony sat up straighter so he could focus more, “I would like you to.” He said, “It’ll be a while before I can get my school up and running, and I don’t want your education to be neglected. But if you would rather have home schooling in the interim…”
“Perhaps young Peter’s analogy of Wargs is correct since we now have Ents.” Vision observed to Tony, as he rose onto his left leg, keeping the right off the ground and balanced on his repulsors.
“Motherfuckers escaped!” Killian snarled, his skin growing red again, “If they’re here where the fuck is Stark?”
Steve did feel for them, he wanted to comfort them but right now the priority was getting Peter safely home, then he could deal with ensuring Ned and MJ were alright.
“Just say you’ll take care of Zach.” Tony said turning completely serious, “If anything happens to me, take care of him, don’t let someone like Stane anywhere near him.”
I know some people might not like my solution for dealing with Hammer. But after what he's just gone through with Vanko, I couldn't see Tony wanting a potential threat hanging around when he's got kids to think about.
With so much happening the weeks flew by, and before they knew it, the Gala arrived, as did the baby sitter. Clint Barton.
Steve nodded, filing away that new piece of information as the conversation about Camp Leheigh resumed and plans were made to go there in five days time, until then everyone would carry on as normal so that the Shield grunts, if they were watching them, would figure that nothing strange was going on and would return to Fury.
The man had already lost so much, he deserved better than spending his life tied to a crippled partner.
“Ask Mamma.” Peter said, in no shape way or form was he giving Peter the details on that subject, “And it’s a bit more complicated than them just going on one date.”
Steve gave him a reassuring smile as he sat down on the sofa and rubbed Tony’s shoulder, “I know, that would have been nice; but it’ll be okay, this will all die down in a few days.”
Zach immediately sat up straighter and reached for his ice cream swiftly gobbling it up and getting stains all over his mouth as he did so.
“This can’t go on.” He said once Tony had rinsed his mouth and was sipping the water. “You can’t keep having nightmares like this.”
“Certainly Sir, I shall make that my top priority and arrange for you have the best accommodations as I complete global domination.”
The Asset was out of containment. His body thawed out, head fog starting to clear and limbs becoming mobile again.
“Oscorp and Osborn are up to some freaky shit.” MJ said, “Peter’s accident wasn’t the first time something really messed up has happened, its just the first time that its ever been public. There have been other incidents where people have been hurt from experiments.”
Steve looked stunned, he’d known Tony was thinking about setting up a school, but a full training facility, a full living space for the avengers, laboratories and workshops, garages and a school?
“Yeah, but I’ll all better now.” Tony said giving Steve a grin, “I’ll race you back to the Mansion.”
"Why doesn't your pretend Mamma have us over to Stark Towers?" Flash jeered at Peter, as they entered the lobby of Oscorp Towers.
“Well I…guess so.” Bruce stammered, he really didn’t have a lot of experience around children and often felt out of his depths when dealing with Zach. Peter was easier as he was older, but Zach was still a toddler and Bruce was often unsure of what to expect from him. His eyes widened as Zach set his panda down, slid of the sofa and toddled over to him and climbed up his legs to sit on his lap.
Clint froze up inhaling sharply very aware of Rhodey in a wheelchair not ten feet away from him, “I.. I didn’t mean…”
The determined that the sceptre or rather the object it contained was not just an energy source but some kind of sentient object.
Taking Zach from Thor Steve decided to go and rest in the jet for the night not wanting to put the boy through the journey to the hospital, and took him up to the roof with Thor.
The conference lasted over an hour before it was finally concluded and Pepper was able to retreat back into her office and breath a sigh of relief. This relief was short lived though, there was no telling how the general public would respond, and social services.
Natasha didn’t look entirely convinced, but reluctantly she turned to the computer and began to lay in a flight plan. Wanda smiled and lay a hand on Roger’s shoulder, “It’ll be okay.” She said, “We’ll recuse Bucky and take care of Stark once and for all.”
“Guys, a little less chatter?” Peter hissed, wishing his uniform wasn’t so brightly coloured as he tried to stay hidden in the shadows, MJ was hacking the security systems, but as she didn’t want to risk triggering any alarms she was only going to tamper with them for a few moments, forty seconds to be exact while Peter got inside the building, and then again on his way out.
“As I was saying, he even brings a friend along, carries him so he doesn’t get over tired, and what does he get? Insults and ingratitude!”
Bile rose in his throat and Tony tried to get out of bed to run to the bathroom, but his movement only resulted in a painful spasm shooting through his back and his upper body lurching uselessly to the side while his lower body remained limp on the bed.
Taking Morgan outside with Vision and Rhodey, Tony walked up to the Quinjet greeting Steve with a kiss as he descended from the jet.
“You too.” Steve said, “And your little Iron Man.” Robbie grinned at him showing a gappy smile where his front teeth were missing, little white nubs just starting to break through the gums as adult teeth came in.
“We’d better do something soon then,” Natasha said, coming into the common room carrying documents in her hands. “Stark’s cut our funding, and issued an eviction notice giving us ninety days to vacate the premise.”
Part of Tony wanted to just pack the boys and Steve up and take off for his island and hide out there for the rest of their lives, away from all of this bullshit.
His baseline breathing and heartrate were unchanged, and during activity they were about what they always had been, but his recovery time rivelled Steve’s. His healing had also greatly increased. The small bruises left from where blood was drawn had disappeared within an hour showing just how fast Peter was now healing.
Steve sighed dramatically, “Honestly, I’ve pretty much resigned myself to having permanent competition for his attention.”
“Its no sweat, the bakery is on my route anyway.” Sam assured him, “I just wanted to let you know as I’ll be gone about an hour or so.”
“That’s enough.” Maya said, “Out.” She ordered the thugs, who hesitated but complied. Once the door was shut Maya approached Tony, glancing dismissively at Natasha and Clint who were watching her with the intensity of a couple of cats eyeing a mouse. “So, this brings back memories.” She said looking Tony over, “Stane and I had you tied to the bed that night I believe. Hell of a night, wasn’t it?”
Sam decided to try and play peace-maker before things got anymore inappropriate, “Wade, sit down… on the floor or the sofa, not on Barnes. Bucky there will be no killing of anyone, Peter you are underage you are not ordering beer, don’t think I don’t know what you are doing, Clint, stop encouraging him, Matt, go back to whatever you were doing, Viz… just do what you do, and everybody, shut the hell up!”
“You’re not asking, I’m offering.” Steve said with a smile, “And no arguments, nor from you, Soldier.” He said with a mock stern voice to Zach, “A good soldier follows his orders or he is put on a charge for insubordination, that means he doesn’t get blueberry pancakes and isn’t allowed to watch Dr Who!” Zach’s eyes widened,
Steve had dropped down into a semi-crouch to sweep Peter’s legs out from under him only for Peter to flip himself over Steve’s body before the kick could land. He put his arms out in front of himself moving into a handstand on Steve’s shoulders which had everyone in the gym cheering him on. Grinning Peter continued with the momentum, intending to land on his feet behind Steve, only he over-compensated, using more strength than necessary and threw himself smack into the wall of the gym.
She was right, Tony knew she was right. That was why it hurt so much to hear her say it. Hiding this from Steve was wrong, He could say he was sparing Steve the unpleasantness but really, all he was doing was pushing Steve out of his life and acting like he couldn’t trust him.
“Alright honey, we’ll get you back to the hotel in a few minutes, don’t worry.” Tony said bouncing her a little. He looked up at Bucky who was staring at Lily with a bewildered look on his face, “What? You never seen a baby before?”
“Work can wait, and I’ll stay,” Steve promised, “I’ll wake you if you start to have a bad dream.” He paused, “Unless you’d rather I get Pepper…”
“He’ll be fine.” He said to Steve when he looked up, “He’ll probably have one hell of a headache, but nothing else.”
“You could always come with me.” Steve offered downing a couple raw eggs in a few gulps that had Tony gagging in disgust.
Gritting his teeth, Rogers picked his way through the couples dancing until he reached Tony and Steve, just as the music ended and people stopped dancing to clap.
Tony had a far more relaxed approach and had always made sure that the party was informal, so that none of his staff would feel under dressed or out of place.
“Spoil sport.” Clint teased, a knowing smirk on his face when Tony opted to remain standing rather than taking a seat and Steve seemed to be walking rather stiffly and had his shirt untucked, so it was serving to cover his crotch.
“Twice a day.” Tony said, “Once in the morning after you’ve had breakfast and then once in the evening before you go to bed, and in a few more weeks I’ll be home with you.”
“Do you have any idea how hard it is to keep from having…..embarrassing bodily functions while you are in a trunks?” Steve asked making Tony giggle, “I swear I was scared that I’d end up with a tent and never hear the end of it.”
Steve scowled. He hated it when Tony talked badly about himself. He’d hated it back in his reality and he hated it in this one too.
Tony wanted to believe that, he wanted to grasp hold of that hope that these nightmares could be gotten rid of and he would never again see his children and his family die in front of him declaring it all his fault ever again. But he couldn’t quite let himself believe it could be that easy, neither was he that happy about something else,
“Lots of things you don’t know about me, Nat,” Tony replied, sounding amused, but Steve saw that the smile on his face was strained and did not reach his eyes. He was also keeping a good distance from Maximoff, who’s eyes tracked his every movement, like a predator watching its prey in preparation to strike.
“Dark hair tends to be dominant though doesn’t it?” Steve said, “And brown eyes are more common than blue.”
Peter shot him a quirky smile, “I thought you weren’t supposed to run away from your problems.” He teased.
“I am not meaning to upset you.” Pepper said, allowing Tony his dramatics as she was very well versed to them.
Steve was trying very hard to convince himself of that, to believe that and only that, not to entertain the thought that Tony might not make it.
The Doctor’s voice faded out of his focus, he could see the man’s mouth working, see his hands moving as he explained, but Tony couldn’t hear him, he couldn’t focus on anything but the grip of hopelessness that wrapped around him in a suffocating embrace.
Tony’s supporters claimed that he would be looking for a long term romance because of his children, and that as he’d been married already he wouldn’t be interested in short term flings. The counter argument was made that he would want short term flings because he’d been married at a young age and hadn’t had the chance to experience flings.
Always thrilled to be compared to the Doctor, his idol, Zach agreed to keeping his new abilities and his actions a secret, so long as he could tell Peter and Daddy Steve! This Tony agreed to with a laugh and a kiss to Zach’s head.
"No mercy!" Tony cried, "We show no mercy, only when we are completely thwarted shall we ever submit to an invading force."
“Yeah, I guess so.” Steve murmured pulling Tony in closer as they neared other couples, the Omega’s scent was stronger and Steve felt the stirrings of arousal, Tony would be in full heat by morning and Steve had to fight the urge to sweep him up into his arms and carry him away to a nest right then and there.
Thankfully Zach found it fun being in his Mother’s workshop with his shirt off, sitting up on one of the work benches with electrodes attached to him and monitors beeping. He didn’t even complain when Tony took some blood from him which had Bruce running panels on, (Although that might be because he got lolly pops to suck on)
The Avengers said hello while Happy snickered at Tony’s wilting before Pepper’s wrath, which only grew worse as a thunderous Rhodey appeared.
It had been all Steve could do to keep from smashing his fist into the insufferable drunks face, and he had taken pleasure in tossing the asshole into the street, literally tossing him down in fact, and told him straight to get the hell out of there or there would be a lot of pain in his near future.
For the time being it seemed to be stable in the boy, but no one wanted to take a chance and have Zach blow himself apart as others had done thanks to this serum.
“On my count, one, two, lift.” The stretcher rose and with Thor leading the way and Bruce keeping his hands firmly pressed on the bleeding wound they made their way to the exit and down the ramp.
Tony coughed and sucked in as deep a breath as he could manage, “It was my fault Peter lost his Uncle and Aunt. It was my responsibility to make sure he was alright, I couldn’t just let him go into a care home, not after all he’d been through.”
“Jarvis, Suit.” Tony rasped out. “Jarvis?” Several seconds went before there was a static crackle in Steve’s ear and Jarvis made a garbled response.
The boy ignored him as he continued to examine the suit, surprising Tony by suggesting retro-reflective panelling so stealth mode and hello, not only cool but a really good idea, he had to look into that.
“You should have saved us.” Rhodey hissed, he and Sam scrambled and clawed their way across the ground, Rhodey’s pelvis and backside were angled upwards so they vertical to his upper body, his legs hanging dramatically to the left and right of his body, limp and useless, like a dolls limbs when they’ve been pulled from the socket. Next to him Sam’s flattened body clawed it’s way across the ground, his arms dragging his flattened torso and legs after him, and he exhaled a spray of blood with each breath.
“You didn’t have to do all this Clint.” Tony said, seeing the gesture for the offering of atonement it was. “But I am very glad you did.” He quickly grabbed a plate and got dug into the souffle moaning at the rich taste of cheese baked up to perfection.
For a moment Steve couldn’t bring himself to move. He didn’t want to go to Tony, didn’t want to bend down and touch his wrist and feel nothing. If he did that, if he failed to find a pulse then everything he had, everything he’d hoped for, everything he’d been certain of would be gone in a second.
“And now my penis has joined my balls. This is great, I now sexless, five minutes in this lunatics company and I am sexless.”
The analogy fitted Tony to a T. He was always doing it, had always been doing it and Steve had been just as fooled as everyone else, but his eyes were open now and he could see past the armour to the vulnerable man beneath, a man that needed support and understanding, a man that needed love that didn’t come with judgement, a love that Steve was determined to give him.
Over head the building shook and the sound of explosions could be heard as the base came under attack.
“I’m okay.” Peter said lifting his face away from the wall and looked down at his family and the team, “Whoa, I’m sticking to stuff, I can stick to walls, I really am a Spider person, a Spider boy, no I’m not a boy anymore I’m a Man, Spiderman, yeah I’m Spiderman!”
Curien scowled at the Captain and at Tony, “What are you gonna do, kill me?” He asked trying to sound amused rather than scared for his life, “Go on, what have I got to loose, my career is over, my life is over, death would be a mercy.”
Steve grinned and saluted her, then stepped onto Rhodey’s booted feet and wrapped his arms about the mans neck, holding on tight as they blasted off.
“S’ee’eve.” Tony whimpered his voice almost inaudible, he tensed again and there was a horrid gargling noise like water trying to get past a blockage in a pipe. “Can’n….can’n feel….”
With his expression hardening Tony lifted Lily out of the swing, “Lets get the evacuation in order and alert the teams and UN.”
“No, but I think Stark will if he gets anymore insults.” Clint laughed, he patted Zach on the shoulder, “Come on, lets get this cleaned up and then why don’t we see if we can shoot auntie Nat with your Nerf Gun?”
A Tardis. Maybe ten years from now Zach would build one in Tony’s lab and that would be how his future self would travel back in time.
“How is that not mean?” Tony asked, “Seriously, is there any way to tell someone that they have gained weight that isn’t going to upset them?”
Since the serum he didn’t need to relieve himself as much as he had before. His body was better at using all he consumed for energy so very little waste was produced, however some was, and his body really wanted to be rid of it.
There may not be anymore updates on my stories for a couple of weeks as I am moving to a new flat and things are rather hectic right now. I'll try and get some updates out but I can't make any promises. I am not abandoning any of my fics though this will just be a short leave of absense while I deal with real life.
“That’s true.” Steve agreed with a small smile and stretched out his legs which only gave a few aches of protest, “When do I get out of here?”
“I haven’t been using the injections since the night Peter got hurt. I needed to use them until my heat, that means we’ve lost this cycle.”
Tony shook his head, he wasn’t having it, “Nnnooo,” He stammered, his wild eyes searching the room, “They come out of nowhere. Just appear and then there’s nothing. Just ashes, ashes everywhere, so much ash, I can’t breathe!” He began to paw and claw at his chest and throat, his nails digging into his skin as he hyperventilated, “Can’t breathe, can’t breathe!” he panted, launching himself off the bed and collapsing on the floor.
The main course was a choice of, filet mignon with a balsamic glaze served with green beans and sauted potatoes. Pan seared red snapper, served with vegetables and rice. Or creamy truffle risotto.
“The sad thing is Clint wants to do the same.” Steve said with a mock put upon expression, “As does Thor, they are planning wheel chair and office chair derbies.”
Commander Kovarian was too old to get into battles, he’d spent his youth fighting, it had cost him his eyes and his joints, he was too arthritic, too tired to throw himself into the action as he once had done, that was a task for the young. Ignoring the gun fire, screams, explosions and general mayhem going on above, he made his way down the corridor heading for a hidden escape tunnel that would lead him outside of the base to where a transport would be waiting for him and take him and the baby to safety.
“I was, now I’m here, saving your sorry behind again.” Rhodey drawled sliding the face plate back up. “Good to see you Tony.”
Tony glowered at the detectives before him, his face a twisted mask of rage and incredulity, “Are you fucking kidding me?” He demanded.
“Whose going to be your best man?” Clint called from the cockpit. “I can make great speeches, and I can take you on an epic stag night.”
He told the senate what they could do with themselves when they demanded he hand over the suit and made Justin Hammer look like a total ass. Not that it was very difficult, the moron was just an ass anyway.
“So, I came home, to my loving husband of sixteen years, and what do I find? He was the one who set me up, had been double dealing for years, possibly even when Howard was alive. He admitted it to me, told me all of it while he ripped the arc reactor from my chest and left me die. I barely made it down into the lab and got hold of the spare, and then, despite feeling like I had acid burning inside by chest, I went out in the suit and I stopped him from killing Pepper and God knows how many others. He had a suit too you see, one made from the remains of my first, he’d have put them in the hands of terrorists and murderers, cost thousands if not millions of lives, I had to stop him, we fought and in the end there was no choice, it was either me or him, and if he’d lived a lot of other people would have died. So yes, Thor, I did kill my mate and he deserved it.”
“Why didn’t you save me Tony?” dead Steve rasped, blood oozing from his lips as he spoke, his clouded eyes looking into Tony’s accusingly, his pale face streaked with blood and veins that were too prominent against his pallor.
“No, why shouldn’t the guy let off a little steam?” Tony said reaching out to support himself on Steve’s broad shoulder, feeling oddly dizzy and too hot in his own skin.
“You were sleep walking?” Steve asked in disbelief, “You don’t sleep walk.” Tony made terrible sound as if he was choking and hunched in on himself,
“Well at first it was painful.” Peter explained recalling the first few weeks, “Every noise was so loud that I thought I’d go mad from the sound and the lights were so bright that my eyes felt like they were burning. I felt sick all the time, the smell of everything was overwhelming and making me nauseous and I couldn’t stand anything but pure cotton on my skin. Even food was a problem because the taste was so extreme, I could only eat really plain bland stuff, like an apple, or porridge made with water, no milk or anything to sweeten it.”
The marriage had been arranged by Howard as soon as it had become clear that Maria would bear no further children. Already two had been lost, a son at three hours old, a daughter stillborn, and countless miscarriages, before finally she had delivered a healthy Omega Son, Tony.
“I’m not saying your shouldn’t pull all nighters, big guy, what I am saying is, you should invite me to them. We can have an epic science night, you, me, and some sensitive equipment.” Tony wriggled his eyebrows suggestively, making Bruce scoff and roll his eyes.
“Ummmm….?” The super soldier frowned not following Tony’s line of questioning, mainly because it had come out of the blue as Tony’s questions often did, not having anything that led up to them so a person could at least get the general idea of the topic he was talking about.
Tony was showered in confetti, glitter, and streamers as the lift doors opened and he rolled into the penthouse.
“I’m alright Pep.” Tony said, as she pulled back and give him a glare he sighed, “Okay, I’m not, but I won’t fall apart. I’ve done that once and Steve got me through it.”
The sofa and coffee table looked like they belonged in the shared apartment of a poor college kid who was struggling to pay rent, tuition, and was having to make do with ratty old furniture that should have been thrown onto a dump a decade earlier, not the state of art futuristic lab of Tony Stark. Steve suspected that there was a story that went with these pieces of furniture, that they held some kind of special place in Tony’s heart and that was why he hadn’t thrown them out. At some point he’d ask about them, either Tony, or Rhodey, as the Omega’s oldest friend if anyone knew why Tony had these things then it would be him.
“After the first dozen melons were decimated I figured stopping it was more hassle than it was worth, and at least he and Thor aren’t have jousting contests on office chairs with mops as the lances and wearing dust bins with eye holes cut into them for helmets.”
The platinum blondes had not yet made their debut, that had been a product of the fifties, along with the flared skirts, and beehive hair.
“Good distraction tactic.” Tony said with a smirk, “And not entirely for Zach’s benefit I think.” There was a gleam in Steve’s eyes that he knew very well.
Things weren’t okay, they may not be for a long time, Peter couldn’t even begin to predict what might come from all of this, but right now, at this moment, he was content to let himself feel safe and loved by his parents, relieved that he’d survived and they were all together again. They might have to face hardship in the near future but right now they were alive and safe and he was going to enjoy that.
“A few more meals like that and you might not look like a puff of wind could blow you away!” Steve teased, as the coffee and port or brandy was served, along with after dinner mints and truffles.
Bruce had even gone to the trouble of making them an Indian dessert Gulab Jamun, which appeared to be like syrup covered doughnuts to Steve, only far sweeter and more intense in flavour. He found that he couldn’t manage more than one, they were just too sweet for him, but Tony seemed to like them, as did the kids, Zach especially, although limited the amount he had, not wanting him sugar hyped.
Steve startled slightly, he was used to hearing Jarvis’ voice in the tower and in his earpiece but the now embodied Android was still taking a bit of getting used to.
Tony shrugged it off, “I had my tubes lasered and I’m fine, I was sore, but okay, now its just these daily injections and soon I’ll be done with them and hopefully knocked up on my next heat, then Steve will never need to know.”
“I did the drop kicking, you blasted him.” Steve corrected, “And we should do that when Peter gets out of here, take the boys to the park, have a picnic or something. Or take them camping, get away from everything for a while, just have a family holiday together.”
“Heh, congrats Cap, not only have you had the cherry popped, you’re gonna be the dad of Zach’s bruver or sista!” Clint laughed, doubling over with his mirth.
Tony had only been pushing Lily for five minutes when Strange arrived via portal with Bruce behind him, telling him of Thanos’ imminent arrival.
“Show off.” Sam chuckled getting into the sea a little more demurely as did Thor, the two kept close to the edge as Zach and Peter got in followed by Steve and they began to swim around the cove, with Natasha, Sam, Thor, and even Steve diving off the rocks closer to the bottom.
“I’m glad he and Pete get along with everyone so well.” Tony said as he snuggled into Steve’s chest.
Tony paused, had Natasha and Clint not been there he’d have agreed immediately, but with them there he wasn’t sure, after a few moments he shook his head, “The Tower, lets go to the Tower.”
“Well, if it’s alright with your Mamma,” Steve said glancing up at Tony who nodded his consent, “Then I yes, I would love to be your Daddy.”
Peter could pack for himself, Zach however needed Tony’s assistance, so Tony made sure that plenty of shorts, T-Shirts, underpants, flip-flops, trainers, and swimming trunks were packed for his Son, along with the beach-balls and other toys they would be taking with them.
Sam had grabbed Steve and pulled him away every time, telling him it was better to say nothing, that way his comments couldn’t be twisted or misconstrued.
“Okay Spiderman just hold tight until Tony’s suit gets here.” Steve said getting himself in place to catch Peter in case he fell.
“No they won’t,” Steve said, rubbing Tony’s back, and moving his fingers up to massage the back of his neck, “Everything will be fine, you’ll see. Its Rogers they’ll crucify, not you.”
He was also thankful that Tony refused to let him go to Lydia’s party, he was still terrified that MJ would some how force him to wear leather and he’d spend the night being molested by pervy pubescents. Tony did however agree to him going to the movies with MJ and Ned but gave him a strict curfew of eleven on Friday night.
“C’mon you are not getting out of at least one dance with me.” Tony insisted, taking Steve’s hand and dragging him to the dance floor where other couples were dancing.
Steve shot him an unimpressed look that had Peter rolling his eyes, “Fine.” He sighed, laying down on the bed and closed his eyes, he could try and sleep he supposed, there wasn’t much else to do, he couldn’t watch a movie because the lights would hurt his eyes and the sound would be too much for his ears. He couldn’t read with the glass on and taking them off would make his eyes hurt, he couldn’t really talk to his Dad because it involved Steve typing out messages on the tablet, so until things changed he may as well sleep the time away.
“It will, thank you.” Tony said hugging his son, “I can also use it to grab other things too!” he swiftly demonstrated by using the grabber to pinch Steve’s ass!
Steve was sat in their private sitting room when Tony came home. He was sat forward, his elbows on his knees and his head bowed.
Zach stayed silent, even holding his breath as the men began to search through the hall, sticking his head out of his hiding spot, Zach saw the man with their backs turned to him and quietly slipped out of his hiding place, running as fast as he could for one of the storage bins in which he figured he could hide, what he didn’t count on was the wrapping wires which had been left on the floor. His feet got tangled in them and he fell with a cry, his eyes filling with tears as one of the sharp sides of the wires dug into his knees.
“You killed your mate, Stark?” Thor asked looking shocked, “Such a crime carries a heavy penalty on Asgard, one must honour their mate, not seek to destroy them.” Rhodey moved forward, placing himself between Thor and Tony.
“Together, and no, that’s not what I meant.” Peter said with a grin, “I meant if their relationship is successful or not.”
What would happen to the boys if Tony died, would stay with him? Steve wasn’t their family, not legally speaking, he and Tony weren’t yet married and he hadn’t formally adopted the boys so it did not seem likely, Tony had probably made arrangements for them, arranged for Rhodey and Pepper to get custody in the event of his death.
Since she was so much younger Emma had a different bedtime to Harley and when it was time for bed she requested Natasha tuck her in and tell her more about being a “Super ninja ballerina!”
“He can speak however he chooses, Miss Maximoff.” Vision coolly said. “Now please, stand down, I do not want to have to restrain you.”
“They’re fine. Nat and Sam have gone to get some food, Fury’s dealing with the fall out, the WSC are pretty much disbanded, Shield is calling in all of its agents to clean house and rebuild now Hydra’s been up routed.”
Plums. James liked plums. Winter liked them too. Juicy, sweet, and crisp. They were the best fruit ever and they both liked indulging in them whenever they had the chance.
The idiot started babbling about fortune cookies and then swore when Tony pointed a gun at his head.
“Smart boy.” Tony observed managing a wry smile. He coughed and winced, his throat felt raw and his whole body was aching, and in spite of the heat he felt chilled.
“I don’t, why do you think he gets away with everything?” Tony said gesturing to the devastation in the house. Presently Bruce came out of his self induced isolation and snorted at the mess.
“They also think its cool that Peter kicked the shi….er stuffing out of Harry.” Ned said blushing because he’d nearly sworn in front of Captain America! “The whole school thinks he’s badass now.”
“We had a den in one of the abandoned factories. There were homeless living rough there, but they didn’t care about two boys scrambling through the windows and building themselves a den in a corner made from wooden crates and newspaper.” Steve told Tony over hot chocolate and biscuits during the early hours of a morning after some especially unpleasant dreams.
“is that any way to greet your best friend? And I happen to have a few days leave, I thought I’d swing by here before I go and see my mother.” Rhodey replied, crouching down and spread his arms wide to receive Zach in them, “And what have you been doing my little pancake?” he asked sweeping Zach up and groaned, “You are twice as heavy as I remember, what are they feeding you, you are going to be a giant!”
It took a full six weeks for Peter had enough control over his senses to be able to return to school.
“Bah bah, nah!” Lily giggled, tugging at Tony’s beard, yeah that still hurt and so did her grabbing his hair and tugging on it.
Peter chose an two old track suits to use for his costume, the material was fairly thick and it held the Kevlar well. It was painstaking work, getting the two materials to hold together wasn’t easy and Peter was having to work on his outfit when his parents were in bed, which gave him limited time as he still needed to get some sleep before school.
“Make you, I thought hurting him was your version of giving a hug!” Sam said, Natasha gave him a beatific smile.
The drug Tony is taking doesn't actually exist and neither does the clinic he is using. At least I don't think it does, if there is a clinic by that name then it's a coinsidence.
Clint had been the epitome of the naughty little brother. Hulk and Thor had been the badass big brothers that no one wanted to mess with.
“Lets start working on blueprints as soon as we get home.” He said to Jarvis blasting off in the direction of New York.
Thor’s eyes widened as he stared at Zach. Alien he might be, but he could easily figure out what Zach was describing.
Tony, Steve, Rhodey, Vision, Sam, and Clint all testified. Matt and Peter both had secret identities to maintain so they could not testify, and no one wanted Deadpool on the stand for obvious reasons.
“He is recovering.” The Doctor said a frown on his face, “He has suffered many injuries, he should not have survived, the rupture in his aorta along should have taken his life…”
Howard held his three month old infant away from his body. The boy was perfect, or so the Doctors had said when he was delivered. Ten toes, eight fingers, two thumbs, two eyes that were turning a chocolate brown having previously been blue as all babies were at birth, two ears, and a generous mouth. His scalp was dusted with black hair that was slowly growing, his skin was a golden olive hue, and his little limbs were chubby and perfectly formed.
“They are great kids.” Steve said placing a kiss on Tony’s head, “You’ve done a wonderful job with them.”
“And we got some awesome shots to show the team back at the tower.” Peter said as he scrolled through the photo’s they’d taken. He sighed and lowered the phone from his face, “Do you think Harry’s okay?” He asked.
“You do not feel he is in any way to blame for his Son’s becoming enhanced, even though he decided to publicly promote himself as Iron Man?”
“She, is quite well I believe.” Vision said, “Although it may be prudent to have a paediatrician look her over and an Obstetrician look over Mr Stark.”
“I think you’ll find they are very serious.” Tony said getting to his feet and smirking at Norman, “And I am very serious when I say, I’ll see you in court.”
He had a fortune 500 company, was one of the most intelligent people on the planet, had survived being held captive by terrorists, miniaturized the arc reactor and made the first Iron Man suit from scraps, defeated his enemies, had two children, and had managed to create a new element while he’d been dying of blood poisoning!
Zach was thrilled to be going back, he’d missed being with his friends and couldn’t wait to get back, waking up at five am and leaping onto Tony, startling him awake and refusing to let him sleep as he insisted they got up and got ready for his big day.
“Yeah, go on.” Steve said ruffling Peter’s hair. He really wasn’t a bad boy, he was just a teenager struggling to cope with puberty, and then his entire being changed by the mutation, and it had all gone to his head, a bit of mouthing off was to be expected, but, Steve would make sure Peter knew that there was a line he didn’t cross so that situations like this wouldn’t be repeated. A week of no internet except for school work, and not being allowed to leave his room except to go to the bathroom and for meals would teach him a lesson but would also do him no harm.
Realizing that he had no choice, but to go and see Tony in person and try to shake some sense into him, Rogers went to New York and to the newly renamed Stark Tower.
He had freedom, something that he thought was a good thing, it seemed like a good thing, he hoped it would be, and maybe, given enough time, he might figure out who he was and just who this Captain America was to him too.
Before Steve could stop him, Deadpool was loping after Tony and wrapping an arm about his shoulders, which wouldn’t have been too bad had he not been pushing his pelvis against Tony’s hip.
"Enemy!" Tony squarked and was treated to a slap on the backside, which became a series of shivers when Steve began to rub his hand between his thighs.
“You’re insane if you think bringing that nut job into a team is a good idea, besides, he’s already turned down the X-Men. Called Colossus a cock gobbler, among other things!”
“Right, just like you’ve never seen Titanic, Shakespeare in love, Pretty Woman, or Bridget Jones Diary.” Sam drawled leaning over the back of his seat and grinning at Tony. The Billionaire bristled at him,
“But Shwarma after, right?” Tony said, he lifted an unsteady hand and tapped the remains of the helmet, “J, you there?”
“Please don’t run,” He said to Bucky who was tense and ready to bolt at the slightest provocation, “Someone dickwad must have alerted the authorities. It’s okay, if you don’t put up a fight or try and run then we can control the situation.” Bucky shuddered and looked about, his fists clenched ready to fight,
Slowly Rhodey powered down his suit and sighed, “I don’t suppose they said where they’d be heading?”
“Different as in I’m enhanced.” Peter said in his whisper, “The spider bite enhanced me. It’s made me super strong and fast, really agile, and I can stick to things, and my sense are all really heightened. For the first few weeks I couldn’t be without dark glasses or noise cancelling headphones and could only wear really soft clothing because my senses were completely overloaded.”
“Great, murder threats, a risk of giant rage monsters, fanboys gushing everywhere, and public indecency and sexual activities.” Clint said, “This documentary should have content for all audiences to enjoy.”
Zach can produced intense heat and fire from his hands, his immune system is much stronger than normal, to the point he will never get sick again, and his healing abilities are far greater so that he will likely heal from a bone fracture within a few hours.
“Where is it?” Natasha asked, she was holding an ice pack to her shoulder and had a rapidly blackening eye.
Bucky sighed, “I don’t know. But at least he won’t mind rape us, he’ll keep the Witch away from us.”
“I’ll get the matches.” Clint said, shuddering at the sight of one poor bastard who hand tentacles erupting from where his arms and feet should have been.
Deadpool nodded, “Sure thing Iron Momma-bear, I won’t touch your webblicious cub, I’ll save all my touching for you.”
“I’m sorry.” He whispered feeling sick at his actions and more than a little worried at what his parents would say.
Rogers’ face screwed up in distaste, “You and Stark were… lovers?” he bit off the word lovers, spitting it out as if it were an insult.
“People are blowing the fuck up.” Clint added tugging on his bonds, “You gave this shit to Killian right, you put this….whatever it is in his hands he’s using it to kill people.”
From behind Tony Wanda smirked relishing in the pain she felt radiating from Tony, she was about to send a fresh wave of magic into him when Pietro appeared at her side.
“Are you guys joining us?” MJ asked, as politely as possible, She was a teenager and parents sticking around for a sleepover/movie marathon was not cool.
“Sir, you must stop right there.” One of the guards said, his voice shaking as much as the hands which were around his gun.
Peter complied, too stunned to argue. He could hardly believe that he had done this, that he’d beaten someone almost unconscious.
They were supplementing Peter’s diet with the take aways since the portions the hospital were giving him were not enough for his enhanced metabolism.
Chained and cuffed they were escorted onto a jet with a catatonic Wanda. Doctors had been in to assess her condition and found her to have severe irreversible brain damage. She would not be going to prison, she wouldn’t even have a trial, she would spend the rest of her life in a hospice until her body gave out.
Steve wasn’t in the conference hall with him, he was waiting in the gallery with Lily, but Rhodey was with him, was in full uniform and had his back, something Tony was immensely grateful for right now.
She could still taste the sugar on her lips as she and Pietro headed for the port, without passports, papers and other documentation there was no way that Wanda and Pietro could get to the USA by plane, there were too many people that Wanda would need to control for them to get there without difficulty, it was easy if they went by sea, but to do that they needed to leave Central Europe and get out to the sea, the fastest way that Wanda could think for them to do so was go by a boat on the Danube.
Honestly, the poor boy clearly had a death wish. However, possibly suicidal ideation aside, Sam did bring the suit with him so Tony could work on repairing it enough to make it functional while he also worked on the program to bring down Hydra.
"He'll be alright, Tony." Steve said squeezing Tony's hand, "He's a fighter, he's strong, just like Zach."
Once his arm was all but free Steve allowed himself to smile, an expression that became a groan as Tony suddenly moved, plastering himself all over Steve’s front, clinging like a koala bear.
“Tony this isn’t your fault, you didn’t give him an enhancement, you are doing the best you can for him.”
Jarvis came up with the location of the Falcon Wings, and Steve went with Sam and Natasha to liberate them from the silo, “Just like getting back on the horse.” Sam declared, taking them for a test flight, he was only a few feet off the ground, both to stay below radar and to minimize injury if they failed, which they didn’t and Sam could officially be part of the line up to take down Hydra.
Peter snickered, “A bow tie, and a shortened lab coat. Mamma even made him a pretend sonic screw driver which lights up and makes noises like the Doctor’s screw driver.”
He could go and see Shield Shrink department, but he had little regard for psycho therapy and was avoiding the department like the plague.
Norman Osborn was delighted when he saw Harry with his broken nose, black eyes, and split lips, the fact he had cracked cheek bones was the icing on the cake as far as he was concerned.
“Of course we will, thank you!” Peter wrapped his arms around Tony a little too vigorously and it took everything Tony had not to yelp in pain.
“Is there anything you don’t want to talk about or are not comfortable speaking of?” The host asked.
“No!” Peter cried, backing away from Tony and pressed his hands over his ears, backing up into the wall, “Please take me home, please get me away from all this noise!”
“I hope you don’t mind.” Steve said, “And we were getting hungry watching Doctor Who,” He dropped his voice to a stage whisper, “Did you know that your Son is planning to become a Time Lord?”
Steve lay Tony down on the bed and began to take off the Billionaire’s suit so he’d be comfortable, getting the jacket off was fine, Tony didn’t fight him at all, allowing Steve to move him as needed, but when his hands went to Tony’s neck to take off his tie Tony’s hands gripped his wrists and his terrified gaze locked onto Steve.
The devastation hit Tony like a ton of rocks dropping down on him. It hit like a tsunami, engulfing him in confusion, fear, and despair.
Zach was naturally over excited, he’d started to become more enthusiastic about Christmas since his third year as he was really able to understand what was happening. He insisted that they get a Christmas tree and put decorations up all over the penthouse, which meant that the penthouse became covered in gaudy shiny snow flakes and lanterns, tinsel and a multitude of fairy lights, which Tony put up while sitting on Steve’s shoulders, this was a thoroughly enjoyable experience for Steve as he got to enjoy Tony’s thighs wrapped about his face for a good hour.
“…and after the Met we’re gonna get Ice cream!” Zach was babbling as he lead and half-asleep Peter into the kitchen by the hand, Peter was rubbing his face, his hair standing up every which way, and looked equal parts adorable and hilarious.
“I’m not either.” Tony said testing what inner muscle control he had, the sensations were still uncertain and his muscles hadn’t had any use in months but if the way Steve groaned and bucked his hips was anything to go by things were still working and he was thrusting with unerring accuracy, hitting Tony’s sweet spot with every thrust inside him.
“Is everything a joke to you?” Steve spat at the recalcitrant Omega whose abrasive attitude was getting on his last nerve.
What kind of Father had Howard Stark been to Tony? There had been nothing Paternal about the Alpha when Steve had known him, hell, the man had said he was married to his work and everything else was secondary. Of course more than thirty years went by before Howard had Tony, so maybe things had changed? He’d have to ask Tony about it at some point.
“I know this must be a terrible shock for you, but your arm was beyond saving. We did our best but the damage was too severe.”
Zach was pretty clingy after learning about Stane; he was struggling to sleep in his own bed too, something he hadn’t had a problem with in over a year.
“I won’t let anyone hurt you, I promise.” He swore, “I will help you in any way that I can, I will get you the best legal representation there is and insist that you be granted house arrest until there can be a court date to straighten everything out.”
A single gunshot rang out and faster than the bullet was traveling, faster than any eyes could follow, Vision had moved and swept the baby up into his arms, carrying her to safety as Kovarian’s head exploded, his body crumpling to the ground revealing Steve standing a few yards away, filthy, panting, and holding a gun which he threw down as he advanced on Vision and the baby.
“Death by mascara, now that’d be embarrassing.” Clint snorted, he was lounged across two plastic chairs and rummaging through the extensive amount of make up that Pepper and Natasha had brought to get Tony ready for the cameras.
“Get a stretcher here.” One of the Fire department bellowed as Steve very carefully took Peter from Tony’s hold, Tony was slumped in the armour, his face smeared in blood and body hanging limp in an unconscious state. Peter was even more worrying, not only was he unconscious his body was cold to the touch and his front was crimson with blood.
“He doesn’t need a shrink!” Tony shouted making Peter whine, “I’m sorry baby.” He soothed in a softer tone, he go down on his knees before Peter and pulled the boy against his chest, adding his own hands over Peter’s, “Try and concentrate on my voice only.” Tony whispered, “Don’t hear anything else, don’t think about anything else, just my voice.”
“Only if you are good for your Uncle Happy.” Tony said as he made the batter, “Pete, can you get the orange juice from the fridge?”
“That bastard thrives to make trouble.” Tony said, “But it’s not the business trouble that I am worried about, it’s his getting social services involved, claiming I’m and unfit parent.”
“We’ll get them back.” Sam said, “Nat and Clint will break that Skrull and get it to tell us what we need to know, then we’ll go and get Tony and your baby and bring them safely home.”
“We’ll need space for training too, swimming pool, archery range, gun range, an obstacle course would be good, Steve and Sam will love that.”
“Hey did you know #CaptainDad and #SuperDadSteve are trending?” He laughed, “People are loving you more as a Dad than they already do as Captain America.”
“Would they mention it in front of you?” MJ asked, “My parents won’t even talk about local stores getting robbed in front of me. They think that shit is too traumatizing for a childs ears.”
Steve didn’t even think about what he was doing, he simply ran and jumped onto the bonnet of the car reached inside the front where the windscreen should have been, he grabbed the man who’d attacked them, hauling him off Tony who gasped for air and began to cough harshly.
“Will you let me help you now?” Steve asked, “Let the team help you and stop pushing all of those who love you away?”
“Damn, and I didn’t get anything in to serve them!” Tony quipped trying to cover the fear that snaked its way down his spine. Steve was practically fully healed and a super soldier, Natasha was no doubt armed and was a deadly assassin, he was sporting a broken arm, broken ribs, and was unarmed, this was not a good situation to be in.
“Nope.” Tony replied, popping the P, “I have people like you for that!” He shot a grin at Steve who snorted.
The guard looked dubious and took a deep breath before he nodded and opened the door allowing the two inside the building, “You stay in my office until I’ve spoken to Mr Stark.” He said to them, herding them through to his office where a dozen screens showed video surveillance of Stark Tower.
Curien was sweating and pacing in the filthy alley he’d been hiding in as he waited for Osborn to pick him up. He was in a lot of pain, the doctors at the clinic had patched him up and given him a shot of morphine but that had worn off and he had no money to get any pain relief or the follow up treatment he needed. His arm was as good as useless right now, hanging limp in a sling with the fingers numb and the rest of the arm throbbing, especially around the shoulder joint which felt like it was on fire. He almost wished that Stark had blown his arm clean off because that would have hurt a lot less then this did, and he might yet lose the arm depending on whether or not surgery would be successful in treating the damaged nerves and tendons, not to mention the bones that needed pinning and plating.
Zach nodded and hopped off the bed, going over and hugging Steve tightly, “Sorry Daddy, I won’t do it again I promise.”
“Do not bullshit me Rogers.” Tony growled, “Or, I swear to God I will blow your excuse for a brain right out of your skull!”
He repeated his exercise until Tony was breathing normally again. “Alright now baby?” He asked, moving Tony to sit on his lap and cradled him to his chest, rocking him gently back and forth.
“Easier said than done.” Bruce said, “He won’t listen. Both Pepper and Rhodes have tried and been refused, he’s not even listening to Jarvis, and he always listens to Jarvis.”
“Let me go!” Zach screamed, kicking and punching for all he was worth, he caught Maya’s mouth and actually split her lip, making the man who’d gotten out of the car laugh, the second man in the seat besides Zach was less amused and grabbed hold of Zach’s flailing arms.
The asset didn’t reply, he knew better than to reply unless it was a direct question about a mission, his handler didn’t care, just continued talking to him, and to himself.
Tears flowed down Peter’s face as he panted and strained against the restraints, everything was going wrong, had gone wrong, and now he was going die the most horrific death imaginable.
“Absolutely not.” Clint said, “In fact I want to learn girl things, I am very interested in girl things.”
“Wha…,” Peter looked around helplessly, thankfully Tony was close by and lifted Zach up, balancing him on his hip while he read the paper, rolling his eyes. Peter saw him say something to Zach and ruffle his hair before setting him down on his feet so he could run over to Steve, who lifted him up onto his lap so they could draw together.
Zach kicked and struggled, screamed, spat, and bit as he was carried into the factory by his capturers.
“Tony.” Steve sighed in that disappointed tone that always made Tony feel like something inside of him was shrivelling up in shame.
The first time he saw a rape taking place he vomited, not even having the time to get his mask off his face before his stomach had voided itself. Sick and with tears in his eyes he had pulled the rapist off the woman he was attacking and given the bastard the kicking he deserved, Natasha’s moves coming in very handy before he tied him up.
Bruce shifted in his seat looking uncertain, “What if I….have an incident?” This was a risk, when Bruce felt stress of anxious it was harder to keep Hulk under control. If he were being filmed then he would be on edge and if something happened to make him jump then there was a real chance that Hulk might come out. If that happened there was a risk that Hulk might lash out at the camera crew, risking injuring or possibly killing them.
When consciousness returned to him, Steve awoke to find his hand was being held by Tony, who was in a clean set of clothes and had washed and shaved since he’d last seen him, showing that it had been a while since Steve had last been awake.
Natasha then alerted Sam and Vision, letting them know of Steve’s suspicions regarding Wanda’s treatment of Tony. A detective might well say that the evidence was circumstantial, but, Wanda had a history of mind manipulation and a hatred of Tony Stark, so it was not a huge leap to suppose that she might be carrying out a vendetta against him.
“Why is this happening Mamma?” Peter sniffled, his face red and wet with tears of exhaustion and pain. “I can smell everything, taste the scents on my tongue, hear everything, and the lights are too bright, far too bright!”
Steve hadn’t been able to resist following after Tony. He didn’t want to leave him alone and undefended. So he had gone after Tony and Rogers, staying far enough away so as not to be noticed, but was close enough to hear what was being said. His jaw and fists clenching as Roger’s vitriol grew more heated and hateful, the final straw coming when he heard the unmistakable sound of flesh hitting flesh.
With his cheeks blushing a little thanks to the scrutiny this brought him Pete quickly gathered up his bag and jacket and headed for the school office where the principal was waiting and welcomed him into the office.
It was dark when they landed on Tony’s island which obscured most of the view  save for what was lit by the lights on the landing strip and the external lights about the villa which Tony led everyone to, down a winding rocky path through lined by palm trees, bushes, and other plant life that they couldn’t see well enough in the dark to inspect.
“When did my Petey-pie grow up from a cute little munchkin into teenager that worries that hell out of me by jumping off ceilings and has hormones and wants to have sleepovers with his friends but doesn’t want adults around?”
The three airborn Avengers waited until the ground Avengers were in position then they attacked, Thor and Tony simultaneously firing on the base while Sam swooped down and bowled over several guards on the ground before flying back up into the air. Her circled around and then attacked again knocked several more flying as they came running to aid their fallen comrades.
“Sleeping.” Zach said with a roll of his eyes, “He told me to bugger off when I chucked a pillow at his head!”
“Hello Zach, I’m afraid I’m not going to be spying on anyone, but I have come to see your Mamma, and I brought these two fools with me.” She said, lifting Zach up to sit on her hip, pretending to groan under his weight, and poked him in the middle, “You’re getting to heavy for me to lift!” She said, “You’re growing huge, what are they feeding you?”
A battle field strewn with the bodies of the Avengers, chitauri, leviathan. Steve lay on the ground broken and choking on his own blood. Peter was beside him, torn open from his neck to his groin, his face tragically gazing up as if he were asking why this had happened to him.
“I trust you had a good night, Sir?” Jarvis asked, as Tony hummed his way into his bedroom, positively skipping along he was so contented.
“I didn’t.” Tony stammered. “Aunt Peggy and Obie did that. Said it was better that I didn’t see them. Insisted on closed caskets too.” A horrible thought suddenly hit him, “Oh God. They knew, they had to have known.” He staggered to the couch and perched on the edge of the cushions, his body taut and hands clenched into fists. “Obie lying about it I can understand. He was an asshole. He wouldn’t have wanted the Cops pocking around the company, they might have turned up his double dealing sooner. Christ, for all I know he might have been paid off by Hydra to keep his mouth shut, could even have been part of them! But Peggy?” he looked to Rhodey, who had met Margaret Carter a few times. “She couldn’t do that, could she?”
That felt like a failure to Peter, even though there was nothing he could have done for those poor people, and death was probably a mercy for them considering what had been done to them, he still felt the loss of their lives.
“Change position we’ll get them from the back!” Zach cried running around the work stations with Dumm-E trundling after him and beeping loudly.
“I’m putting parental locks on your internet again.” Tony said, “You are too young to see such things.”
Tony smiled, “Yeah I am, and I’m so sorry about your Uncle and Aunt, I wish I could have stopped it from happening, I should have stopped it.”
Tony nodded off after an hour in the air, he still wasn’t sleeping well, was being plagued by nightmares that he was still refusing to talk about no matter how much Steve pressed him.
Bruce looked to Happy, the two of them exchanged an uncomfortable glance before beckoning Peter to come through to the kitchen with them to talk away from Zach’s hearing.
“Of course they are.” Pepper said, “A Dad is relatable, its something that people can easily understand and relate to. Seeing Steve act as a Father is bound to resonate with people more than his actions as a Superhero. That, while impressive, is something to be awed by not related to, a Father, that’s something people know and deal with everyday.”
“I wish I could Stellina, but I have to go to work today.” Tony said, “So you two will stay with Happy until I’m back.”
“Tony explained how Howard was, you don’t need to protect him from me, if he was still alive I’d punch the hell out of him for how he treated Tony.”
“I’ll think about it.” Steve said meekly and wondered if he could perhaps some nice sane person to be his Best Man.
At least he got to test the bracelets that called the armour to him, that was something and it saved him from becoming an ugly splatter on the pavement that some poor bastard would have had to scrape up.
“It’s not.” Clint insisted, “I shouldn’t have done that. It was reckless and stupid and you could have died.”
“What the hell have you done now Stark?” Natasha demanded, “Haven’t you caused enough problems, lately?”
“Frankly, with having you people around, I can not blame Tony for walking out on you, in fact I’m amazed he hasn’t thrown you all on the streets! I know if people living off my dime were showing me such hostility and disrespect I would turn them out with only the clothes on their back!” He surveyed the Avengers with utter disgust on his face, “I had hoped that I would find the same family I knew back in my world, but it seems that family does not exist here, nor ever will.”
“Trust Tony to throw a temper tantrum,” Natasha sighed, getting to her feet, she looked Steve over shrewdly, taking his measure as her sharp eyes took in every details of his physical appearance, “You should think twice about staying with him.” She said, “He might be free with his money, but its only to try and make up for his faults, which are many, and could prove dangerous to you and your daughter.”
Peter nodded and bit his bottom lip, “When I’m not grounded anymore and can go back to school, can I tell Ned and MJ what’s happened. I know we need to keep it secret because of Hydra and the Press and everything, but they won’t tell anyone and I don’t want to lie to them.”
“And while you are studying we’ll also bring down Hydra, find your BFF, and develop a planetary defence that will be acceptable to the UN.” Tony pursed his lips, “We are definitely going to need for tea and biscuits for this!”
“What about Bucky?” Steve asked, “I know we need to take down Hydra, but I can’t just forget about him.”
“Yeah, but the taxi splatter road kill was a pervert, so no one is missing him. And his Cousin’s death was not actually his fault, I mean Dopinder just locked him in the boot of his taxi, he couldn’t know that he was going to have an accident while the guy was in the boot.”
“By that he means he grabbed me off the side of a building and dragged me here under duress.” Spiderman put in,
“We’ve got to calm him down.” Natasha cried, backing up as Zach’s screaming grew louder and he began to melt the tiles on the floor and scorch the ceiling tiles above him. His little body shuddered and there was a wild look in his eyes, a frightened panic shining in them, that increased as he began to pant. He wasn’t just having a fit of rage now, he was going into a panic attack and that fear was feeding into his powers making them that much more intense.
“What’s gonna happen now?” Ned asked sniffling, his Father handed him a handkerchief which he blew his noise into.
“We’re not going to do this Tony.” He said firmly, “I’m not going to make use of your body as if you were some kind of glorified blow up doll.”
“I do not believe so.” Jarvis replied, “Why would you ask such a question or think such a thing of yourself?”
Tony enjoyed settling Peter into his new home, spending time with the beta boy who it turned out was quite the little genius himself, having an aptitude for Maths and Science which Tony planned to expand on, tutoring him himself, to supplement his school work which he was getting via the internet as Tony hadn’t had a chance to get him enrolled in a school in Malibu yet, and Peter was off school right now due to bereavement, they had yet to bury his Uncle and Aunt, something that was going to be painful for the poor child. He’d already lost so much in his short life it just wasn’t fair.
“Howard Stark was a good man, a lot better than his Son. Don’t you dare judge him for Tony’s actions.” Wanda glared back,
“Yeah yeah, party pooper Potts.” Tony said dismissively, “You handle the boring legal shit and let me and the fun people celebrate our collective and by our I mean my brilliance.”
“I told you this place was freaky.” MJ said, “This is where all the really shady shit is going down, the major illegal experiments and everything.”
“I should protest at being man handled like this.” Tony said, as he lay in Steve’s arms bride style, “I’m not a Princess you know.”
Thor quickly settled into life at the Tower, happily joining in with the activities and making it his home. Odin it seemed had granted him leave from Asgard to enjoy his time on Earth with his human friends and was not demanding that he return home as he normally would.
“Hey, if it isn’t Cap 2.0,” Clint greeted, with a bright smile, “And this little lady must be Lily,”
Tony snorted, “He was an idiot, taking on Loki alone like that. Bastard’s a God, he didn’t stand a chance.”
“No, God no!” Tony said, letting out a little laugh, “He’s straight, and even if he wasn’t I’d be the last person he’d want to be with,” He tried to say it as a joke, as thought it didn’t sting, but in truth, Steve Rogers holier than thou disapproving attitude towards him did hurt. Tony had never been ashamed of his sexuality before, but Steve had a way of making him feel that way when it came to his liking men and women. Really it was just another thing that Steve disapproved of, along with the drinking, the sass, the sarcasm, the way he threw his money around. Iron Man was probably the only thing that Steve didn’t disapprove of and he’d gone and fucked that right up as well hadn’t he?
He’d also had dreams about Obie ripping out the arc reactor, relived those horrific moments over and over again. Had even dreamed of times where he’d lost the last fight with Obie and the Alpha had gone on to attack Pepper, Rhodey, had subjected the world to terror with no one able to challenge him.
“He can’t Pete, Manhattan’s been cordoned off.” Tony explained, “Go back to the Mansion and I’ll come to you as soon as I can.”
“Hey Steve, you okay man?” Sam called through the door. When Steve didn’t answer Sam pushed it open, peering inside until he saw Steve on the floor, then opened the door all the way and got down in a crouch in front of Steve, “This isn’t on you,” He said, “Not completely. We all a hand in this.”
“The only one that’s less is you Rogers.” Tony snarled back at him, “Steve is ten times the man you could ever hope to be,” He looked Rogers up and down, his eyes lingering over Roger’s crotch, “And as for fancying you, get fucking real. I wouldn’t touch you with a nine foot pole. You’re too small for my tastes!”
Strucker himself had searched for the asset but to no avail, the Winter Soldier was too adept at hiding, the Avengers though, they were an increasing problem as it was only so long before they arrived in Sokovia.
Tony practically had an orgasm over Steve’s Harley, he actually moaned lewdly as he looked over the bike, stating that he had to get himself one.
Steve flinched as a hand wrapped about his wrists and he looked up to see Natasha looking at him, “Don’t go there.” She said. Steve frowned not understanding what she meant, “You are planning your revenge. Don’t do it, believe me when I say that bloodshed does not bring any catharsis. Even if the worst happens Tony would not want you to destroy yourself in avenging him. He would rather you live and care for his sons than go out and commit murder in his name.”
Since having Zach, Tony had spent his heats alone, having Pepper and Happy take care of Zach and Peter until the heat had passed, but this time he had a choice.
The world went insane of course. Once the news broke it was on every newspaper, magazine, and news feed.
Once the splint was secured, Steve pried the spoon from Tony’s mouth and guided him to a chair as the Omega looked pale and was shaking, “Have you got anything sweet he can drink?” He asked Fury, recalling that Sugary drinks were always given for shock, or at least they were during the war, hot tea with plenty of sugar had been a regular treatment back then.
“You don’t have to come.” Steve said, “This is my problem, I can’t dump all this on you, it isn’t fair.”
Twisting his head as much as he could Peter saw Tony’s face, his head hanging limply inside the cradle of the Iron Man helmet, blood was dripping from a cut on his head and his features were slack.
As soon as the doors opened and Tony wheeled out onto the foyer they press swarmed, shouting questions at him and snapping photos, blinding and deafening both him and Steve.
Steve looked up as Natasha slammed a worn leather journal down onto the table top before him and took a seat opposite him. He was sat in the cafeteria staring into a half empty cup of hot chocolate that had gone cold, an uneaten sandwich was before him along with an untouched slice of cake which Natasha took from the tray, picked up the plastic fork and dig into the cake taking a bite which she wrinkled her nose at and pushed the dessert away.
Feeling he should try and do something for Tony too, Steve bought a canvas and some oil paints and got to work on a portrait. Firstly, sketching to get the general idea of what he wanted before he started on the final product.
A thump of the window that sounded like a fist against the glass made Steve jolt and frown. No one could hit the glass, they were sixty stories high! The noise came again, and he turned, his eyes widening and then a deep and exasperated sigh leaving him.
“Terrifying.” Tony replied, “It wasn’t like our solar system with our sun and the planets and distant stars glowing in the background. There was nothing, just cold emptiness and that armada of Chitauri.” He looked over his shoulder, out of the window and up to the night sky, “They are still out there you know? That Nuke only took out one ship and maybe a couple of other vessels. The rest of them would have survived.” Tony flinched as Steve’s hand clasped his and he turned to look at Steve who was offering him a reassuring smile.
“Well I think we can skip the preliminary details, Fury said getting down to business, “Hydra are onto us and have made the first move, a pretty successful one given that we’re all in hiding right now.”
“What have you done, what have you done?” Maria screamed at Howard, as he carried the convulsing Tony out of his lab. The boy was no longer crying, but his convulsions were worsening and his nose and ears were bleeding.
He watched Tony sleep while he ate and drank. The Omega slept in a foetal position, arms and legs drawn up together and face flushed with heat, his breathing shallow and pulse quick. The air in the room was thick with pheromones and the smell of sex, the bed linens were becoming soaked with sweat, slick, and semen, disgusting to anyone not in heat or sharing a heat with an Omega, but paradise for those that were.
Also, what I said to you when we fought is true, Bucky is alive. Go to Camp Leheigh, what you find there will lead you to where you need to go.
She settled back to watch the pair as Fury explained about Project Insight, what it would entail and what that would or could mean for either Hydra or for the world depending on who was controlling it.
