And then Tony drags in a deep, shaking breath and relaxes a little more, and Steve’s cock slides that little bit deeper, stretches Tony out wide again while Tony sighs and babbles out broken pleas.
Tony’s teasing is cut short when Steve thrusts his fingers in hard and there’s nothing like listening to the way Tony’s voice cracks halfway through a snarky comment, the whine in his voice when he’s trying
them, withdrawing slowly to stretch himself out under Steve’s rapt stare. “C’mon baby,” Tony whines, arching his back harder as the tips of his fingers tug at the edge of his rim, “I’m-
“I don’t know baby, still feel pretty tight to me,” Steve says roughly, pressing his finger in a little deeper. He tugs down on Tony’s rim in counterpoint to Tony’s fingers still working weakly within himself, feeling the way Tony clenches up tighter for a moment before rocking back with another broken sound. “Fuck,
nerdy and a little eccentric, sweet and cheesy in his own way. Who talks to his robots like they’re children but refuses to admit it, who once bought Steve every imaginable paintbrush because
Tony looks beneath him, but Steve is quickly losing himself in the mind-melting pleasure of Tony wrapped around him,
Tony makes, a soft, shivering whine escaping him as Steve starts to spill inside him. Steve allows himself a couple rolls of his hips, grinding into Tony and trying to get impossibly
stroking his hand down the length of Tony’s cock in counterpoint to the brutally fast pace of his thrusts, his own orgasm quickly building in his gut at the feeling of Tony’s cock throbbing in his grip. “C’mon sweetheart, let me feel you,” he says, practically a
all the better to watch his fingers plunge into Tony’s slick hole, and he lets out a hard breath as Tony hiccups out another broken moan of his name. “Never get enough of your voice,” Steve admits softly, words spilling out of him without thought, without any consultation from his brain but Steve can’t bring himself to care because it’s all
Tony groans, pressing his flushed face harder into the arm of the couch, apparently not concerned at all about the drool that’s soaking into the fabric.
Steve says again, sitting back on his heels a little as his head spins and closing one fist around the base of his cock. “Fuck,
when he knows what he wants, but in this case Steve knows he can’t be greedy or he’ll end up chasing Tony away and he
Steve hushes him gently, and as soon as he has both hands free Steve hurries to slick up his cock, resisting the urge to thrust into his own fist because as much he’s been teasing Tony, he’s been teasing
“Easy Tony, easy,” Steve says, dragging both of his palms up the back of Tony’s thighs and over the curve of his ass, steadying him and just
"Still able to form words," Steve says thoughtfully, twisting his fingers as he presses in deeper just for the way it makes Tony
Tony obediently drags in a deep, shuddering breath at least, and then lets it out as a keening wail when Steve presses a little closer, slides a little bit deeper. “Oh,
Tony lets out a soft noise somewhere between a sigh and a whine and then goes limp like a puppet with its strings cut, somehow
out a ragged sound. Tony’s breath is warm where he pants open-mouthed against the skin of Steve’s thumb, and with every rough thrust of Steve’s hips Tony jolts forward against the arm of the couch, still moaning and gasping out every breath.
It takes Tony a couple seconds to actually answer, heaving for breath and rocking back against Steve for a moment before his fingers pop free from between his lips with a wet sound. “Not enough,” Tony finally moans out, “it’s not,
As tempting as it is to keep going, to get Tony off just like this, hear the way he moans, work him up all over again and
The undertone of red on his golden skin has become Steve’s new favorite color in the world, he’s already mixed it in every medium he can think of but he hasn’t been able to get it just right yet. Maybe someday he’ll be able to do Tony justice, but until then Steve is all too happy to keep trying.
the way Tony’s arms shake under the strain but he doesn’t collapse. Steve has mostly accepted that he never did fill out the way he’d hoped, as a kid, but times like this he’s actually
The way Tony’s lips look wrapped around two of his own fingers, red and slick as he drools sloppily and moans around them. The way Tony’s hips jerk in place as he continues fucking his fingers into himself with frantic, uncoordinated thrusts. His face is already flushed crimson, highlighting the shine of his dark eyes, and if it weren't for the teasing glint in them and the slightest curve of his lips Steve would think Tony doesn't even know he's here.
“Steve!” Tony wails, the foot that’s braced on the floor sliding a little as he bucks his hips up hard, hole slick and clenching around nothing as he writhes weakly in place, clearly trying to chase the weight and stretch of  Steve’s cock. When Steve shifts so that all Tony gets is the length of Steve’s cock dragging up his cleft he goes still again with a choked sob of “What-
Steve had tried not to get his hopes up, he really had. He tried to tell himself not to get in too deep because this is
It’s not nearly enough, and Steve can’t deny that he’s always as desperate as he likes to tease Tony for being when they finally see each other again.
Tony demands with a wavering laugh and Steve lets out a soft laugh of his own that quickly turns into both of them groaning as Steve’s hips stutter forward, pressing a little
“So good, Steve-“ Tony chokes out, the words wet and almost indistinguishable around Steve’s finger still pressed shallowly between his lips, his entire body
He makes it around the corner on wobbling legs and freezes all over again at the sight that greets him, knees threatening to collapse out from under him as his cock gives another throb.
Steve may have watched the video Tony let him record on his tiny old camera a couple more times than he’ll ever admit to, but it’s nothing compared to the in-person sight of his cock sliding past Tony’s slick rim, the way Tony gasps and moans and
pressing himself back into Steve’s hands, into the demanding stretch of Steve’s cock inside him, moaning constantly around shaking gasps. His hands have slipped off the armrest to brace himself white-knuckled on the couch cushions, and it has Tony’s spine pulling into an even sharper arch, the hoodie sliding further up to bunch beneath his arms and
Tony sobs out, his entire body shaking as he shoves himself back to meet the loud slap of Steve’s hips against him, like he’s still trying to get Steve
soaking in the sound of Tony’s high, shaking moan. “Been thinking about you all day,” Steve confesses, barely even aware of the words spilling past his own lips, completely lost in the feeling of Tony’s hands beneath his skin, in the
in fact, and Steve can only hope that he makes it home in time to at least clean up a little before Tony comes over.
That thought has Steve’s hips jerking forward a little harder, a groan caught in his chest, and Tony
please, more—“ Tony chokes out with every slam of Steve’s hips against his ass, like the words are being knocked out of him with every hard thrust, “feel so
c’mon- fuck—” He gasps sharply as Steve rocks against him again, pressing that tiny bit deeper maybe a little too quickly, making Tony clench tighter for a second before he sucks in another wavering breath and his inner muscles relax ever so slightly, let Steve slide just a
Steve makes a low, rough sound and Tony finally pulls his fingers free from between his lips with a loud pop, smirking wider even as he arches back against his fingers harder and lets out a breathless groan.
bent over with one elbow braced against the armrest and the other twisted around behind himself to bury three fingers in his ass. The fabric of the hoodie is sliding up the sharp arch of his back and there’s
little whines every time Steve withdraws, arching back against him and then grunting softly when Steve slams back into him, eyes squeezed shut and face twisted like he can’t
quickly. “Always gonna give you everything you need, baby, anything you ask for,” he swears and it’s maybe a little
He would need white ink on top of the pencil to really show the wet shine of Tony’s fingers as he pulls them nearly free before plunging them deep again, to capture the way the light catches on the slick head of his twitching cock.
is real, who just blinked at him in stunned surprise before blushing bright red when Steve brought him flowers on their second date.
He wants to sink his teeth into the sweet swell of Tony’s ass, the delicate skin at the top of his thigh. Steve wants to leave deep, lingering bruises and then he wants to track all the colors they turn in abstract oils, make a whole series out of it.
“In a minute baby,” Steve promises and he doesn’t withdraw his fingers but he does slow the relentless thrust at least, giving Tony a couple seconds to catch his breath, for the near-constant shivers running through Tony to at least slow a little. “Just wanna watch you for minute, can I sweetheart?” Steve asks softly and he feels just as breathless as Tony, just as worked up but he can’t stand the thought of looking
to perfectly capturing the curve of Tony's throat when he throws his head back in pleasure, and Steve had been really looking forward to taking watercolors to that one.
It's never a good start when he wakes up to a panicked phone call from his assistant,  although Steve has to admit that his studio being
When his fancy cologne has started to fade and he smells more like metal and engine grease, and it makes Steve think of that lazy afternoon spent sprawled across Tony's giant couch.
His movements are ever so slightly quicker as he begins to withdraw again, but it’s still slow enough to have Tony groaning in protest and pressing his forehead into the armrest again.  Steve can only hold out and tease him for so long though, and in what feels like no time at all he’s burying himself in the tight clench of Tony’s body and
actually collapsing, but Steve still reaches out to put both hands on the back of Tony’s thighs in case he needs steadying. And then he can’t help sliding both his palms up over the curve of Tony’s ass, rubbing his cum into Tony’s skin before sliding one hand up the dip of Tony’s spine while Tony makes another soft, choked noise that
Steve's breath catches at the sight of his cum bubbling out around his fingers, running down Tony's crack and dripping down his balls while Tony chokes out another sob and rocks back into it. Steve does his absolute best to commit the sight of it to memory, swears he’s going to do it justice one day.
The biggest tragedy of all though is honestly all the sketches of Tony that he lost, Steve hadn’t even been joking about that. There was one where he had gotten
golden skin on display, Steve’s vision is actually darkening a little around the edges as all his blood floods south, cock already half hard and trapped painfully in his jeans.
distracted watching a bead of sweat work it’s way down the dip of Tony’s spine. “Could still jerk off on you,” he finally says, grinning wide when Tony gasps and clenches around his own fingers, hips jerking. “Would you let me, sweetheart?” He asks even though Tony is
for him. Tony is still working three fingers into himself, his hole slick and pink and clenching around them, his hips twitching in place every time his fingers press deep again, his breathing ragged and whining.
and sobbing out every breath, and Steve drags his hand up from Tony’s thigh to wrap around his cock instead, the rhythm of his hips going jerky and uneven as he drags his thumb through the slick mess of precum over the head of Tony’s cock.
Steve abandons the cab after another half an hour of crawling down the street. He feels a little bad, but he leaves the driver with a giant tip and doesn’t look back because he could
genius billionaire inventor who must meet cheesy artists by the handful if that’s what he’s into, and who could find dozens of other eager partners if he decides he’s
“Feel good, baby? ’S that what you wanted?” Steve demands, struggling to keep his grip on Tony’s sweat-slicked skin, to hold him in place for the deep press of Steve’s cock inside him, “what you
for me, isn’t that right Tony?” Steve asks and when Tony nods with a throaty groan Steve plunges both of his fingers in a little deeper, stretching Tony a little wider,
Every inch deeper that his cock slips past Tony’s swollen rim feels like another victory, the way it forces another shaking moan out of Tony’s chest as he opens up around the demanding stretch of Steve’s cock.
And then all at once Tony explodes back into motion, snapping his jaw shut to sink his teeth into Steve’s fingers and crying out loudly around them as he writhes in Steve’s hold almost hard enough to send them both tumbling to the ground. Steve wraps around him tighter, grinding in deep as he drags his thumb over the head of Tony’s cock and groaning at the way it
he wishes they could do this more. He wishes he could come home to Tony every day, and then they can spend every night having dinner and sex and hanging out on his couch, in
His legs feel unsteady as Steve climbs up onto the couch behind Tony, shoving his pants down past his hips and sighing with relief when it frees his quickly filling and uncomfortably trapped cock. Tony cranes his neck to the side to watch him, and Steve can
Steve shifts his weight again, digging his fingers harder into the arm of the couch as he drapes himself more fully over Tony’s back and the change in angle has Tony
It’s Tony's comfortable hoodie, the one he wears around the house, worn soft and a little baggier than his usual fitted clothes. Which means Steve kind of swims in it, but he doesn't care because it smells like Tony at
Tony moans and shakes with a desperate sound, but he doesn't stop weakly thrusting his fingers into himself, rhythm only stuttering a little as Steve presses his own deeper. Steve presses even
started to whine his name, then twists his fingers as he plunges them in deep again and revels in the way Tony’s voice catches. The way Tony’s words are still almost lost in a wavering moan when he finally manages to get out “y-you-
It knocks a ragged moan out of Steve’s chest as the quickly building knot of tension in his gut winds tighter,
easy to read, so perfectly reactive to every little thing, “Let me cum all over your perfect ass? Let me mark you up good?”
"What's wrong, baby?" Steve croons, smirking as he makes sure to drag his fingertips over Tony’s prostate with every pass, not letting Tony actually get a word out. He doesn’t let up the relentless thrust of his fingers until Tony tightens around him, letting out a ragged cry that sounds like it
ready to be shipped off to galleries or buyers and now he's going to have to start all over on them.
Tony doesn’t disappoint, his voice ragged and still slurred with pleasure as he instantly gasps out “Come for me,
Steve bites back his own groan as much as he can, doesn’t want to interrupt the spill of words from between Tony’s red lips, but Steve’s heartbeat is almost
with a shaking groan, chasing his own end and lost in the hitching sound of Tony’s breath, the dip of his spine and the tight clench of his fluttering muscles dragging Steve closer to the edge. Every hard snap of his hips shoves another breathless
the tremble of his thighs and the flutter of his eyelashes take Steve’s breath away, and Steve finds his fingers twitching. He needs paper and a pencil, maybe charcoal, he needs to capture the pull of muscle in Tony’s stomach as his hips rock again, the shine of sweat where it’s collecting in the dip of his spine and the slow drip of precum from the trip of Tony’s flushed cock to the fabric of the couch beneath him.
“Not yet you’re not,” Steve says with a breathy chuckle, his voice low and rough as he digs his thumbs into the thick muscle of Tony’s asscheeks and spreads him open
The warm brown of his eyes is almost swallowed up by the black of his pupils, looking dazed and overwhelmed already and Steve groans raggedly as his cock throb against the squeeze of Tony’s muscles and it has Tony letting out a ragged moan of his own, shifting impatiently. Steve can feel Tony’s inner muscles fluttering around his cock,
Steve groans as his hands move restlessly over Tony’s hips, the small of his back, fighting the urge to just
Tony sobs out and when he shifts again one of his knees slips off the edge of the couch. He catches himself with his foot against the floor while Steve quickly grabs for his hips to steady him, but it still jostles Steve’s cock deep inside him and Tony clenches around it as he sobs out “oh,
“Missed my fingers, is that it baby?” Steve demands and his voice comes out breathless, his heart lurching and swelling in his chest as Tony nods, dazed and
Tony begs and Steve can’t do anything but give him exactly what he wants, Steve’s breathing practically wheezing in his chest as he digs his fingers into Tony’s hips and fucks into him harder. “Yes, yes-
you make,” Steve gasps out, slamming himself harder into the tight clutch of Tony’s body. It’s a little awkward to shift without breaking the rhythm of his thrusts, but Steve manages to shift most of his weight to the heel of his hand and turns his wrist enough that he can shove his fingers a little deeper into Tony’s mouth, pressing down against his tongue and making him drool harder.
Tony nods, weak and disjointed, and Steve pulls his fingers free from between Tony’s lips for a moment so he can really appreciate it as Tony sobs out “Yes, yes,
Tony whines again and nods weakly, gasping out Steve’s name in time with the loud slap of skin against skin as Steve continues fucking into him, driving his cock into the slick, impossible heat of Tony’s hole harder,
Waiting isn't going to make it any easier though, so Steve sucks it up and makes the calls. Most of his clients are heartwarmingly understanding, and while some of them are less understanding only one of them is so rude about it that Steve has to bite his lip almost bloody to resist saying anything he’ll regret. Or more accurately, anything that will give his poor assistant another heart attack.
so sweet, the way he opens so easily under Steve’s touch, reacts so beautifully to every little suggestions. “Fuck, fuck,” Tony whines, the thrust of his fingers finally losing their rhythm, “I- I need—“
Steve fucks into him harder, chasing every broken, garbled noise that spills from Tony when Steve’s hips slam against his ass, grinding in as deeply as he can for a moment before withdrawing, over and over again. He’s trying to make note of every tiny shift in Tony’s dazed expression, the beads of sweat collecting on his brow and the shine of drool sliding down his chin as Steve’s fingers slide ever-so-slightly in and out of his mouth in time with the thrust of his hips.
body. Just another inch or two now, and he strokes one hand along the small of Tony’s back as he groans out “you’re doing so good, taking me in so perfect Tony, can you feel how fuckin’ tight you are around me? Feel that
Steve really tries not to let it get to him that they have so much trouble getting their schedules to line up, but seeing Tony once a week
trying to memorize every sound that spills out of Tony’s mouth, every broken gasp and wavering moan. The sheen of sweat on Tony’s skin as he arches and writhes and shakes so beautifully under Steve’s hands.
with it, his hips jerking in place as he apparently gives up on enticing Steve and roughly thrusts his fingers in deep again.
Steve demands with a shaking laugh, a shudder rolling down his own spine as Tony’s rim catches at the head of his cock again. He stays there, barely rocking his hips and watching the way Tony
Tony whines, bucking his hips to try and pull him in deeper, but Steve just tightens his grip and holds him firmly in place, doesn’t let him move too quickly. It’s one thing to know that Tony is going to
to loosen up, trying to let him in, and every time Steve slides a little deeper Tony lets out another soft noise, equal parts overwhelmed and
a shaky exhale rushing out of him as his cock sinks a little further into the warmth  of Tony’s body. He’s limited to short rolls of his hips as Tony’s muscles relax
Steve’s favorite days are the ones where Tony is wearing one of his old, worn t-shirts that ride up his toned stomach whenever he reaches up above his head, that show off the thick muscle of his arms. If Steve is
Tony morosely walked to his Advanced Physics class. Prom was in a week and Steve didn’t seem to care much beyond meeting Tony at the Stark Tower. Jan, Loki and Tony had a whole day planned for getting ready and Steve was just going to roll up to the tower in his rented tux …
This time, Steve asked Tony as Tony grouchily ran another dataset in hope of resolving the time loop.
It wasn’t even mid-morning and it had been a trying day already. Obadiah had insisted on breakfast with Steve in the council rooms. A get-to-know-you-better event with a number of the King’s council. It erased all the joy Steve felt after his now-daily rides with Sam in the early morning.
“Lawsuits. HR. I could go on,” Tony muttered. “Hey, I could use some help clearing out the rest of the building.”
First, Alexander thought little of the Kingdom of Malibu, and even less of the ruling royal family, considering Malibu to be an inconvenience on his way to conquering the world. He had laughed derisively when he received the offer of Prince Tony’s hand as a way of formulating an alliance between Malibu and Triskelion. Clearly King Howard was an idiot if he had not figured out that his kingdom was in imminent danger.
“Don’t spit on that rag and try to clean my face,” Natasha warned, waving the welding torch at Carol. Not that it would stop Carol, but Natasha had some pride.
It wasn’t the same -- Steve sensed the weight of his missing years when Tony wore a t-shirt with an old meme on it and the rest of the team would laugh and Steve would play along. People expected people in their 20s and 30s to know things, understand what they were talking about, to have common cultural knowledge.
He was convinced that Howard was fostering a viper in his home. He felt unsettled about that -- he was finding himself worrying about the new people he had made connections with.
“Natasha’s off the grid. And do you really want Clint and Hank together?” He arched an eyebrow. Clint and Hank would feed off each other’s chaos energy. Hank was a lot
Rhodey pursed his lips. “That’s not my read on the situation.” He twisted a napkin between his fingers. “Pete, your dad was real hurt when your mom died and he doesn’t want to lose anyone like that again. He’s had lots of opportunities over the years -- people have been throwing themselves at him. But no interest, nada, nothing.”
Next thing, Steve showed up with a shoe box. A shoe box! He hunted down the cricket, shooed it into the box and whisked it away to new location outside. The workshop was mercifully quiet all of a sudden.
Steve laughed, the last of his worry slipping away. “You’ve never said that once in your life and meant it.”
“Ohhhh, yeah. That explains a lot.” He chuckled. “I sympathize. What can we do, short of locking them in a closet?” Rhodey mused.
He briefly hoped that Maria would assign Nat to look after him. She had been friendly enough in a sea of strange new things. Then again, Steve had a nagging feeling that Nat was not one of Maria’s women as she had said. Steve had a strong sense of how things worked in palaces, and he’d picked up on little things that Nat didn’t quite do or say that she would have if she were indeed a lady in waiting.
Steve fiddled with Tony’s belt, eager to get his gloved hands on some skin. Tony shimmied against Steve, sending a thrill down Steve’s spine.  “Guess,” he said, a rough edge of desire in his voice.
“Oh?” Steve replied, taking his seat. Fury was dangerous in a way Obadiah wasn’t. He had avoided Fury so far, feeling that Fury could see right through him.
He could understand. The workshop was Tony’s own kingdom. And now the stories about Tony’s libertine lifestyle made sense. No one thought that the prince was sneaking away to work on improving plows.
Steve would never punch someone unprovoked, unless, of course, that someone was a Nazi. “Okkaayyyy.”
Cap sipped his water, his cowl conveniently cut so that he could eat and drink with it on. But he still looked uncomfortable. The cowl was likely to be wet and cold from the outside wood run and snow gathering.
Steve rubbed his eyes and mournfully looked at his empty place and glass. He’d have to get up and go to the kitchen for food. He weighed the benefits of sitting yet remaining hungry versus getting up but leaving his comfy seat.
After dinner, Steve sat on his balcony with Tony. “You look worried,” Tony said. “Is it about Mom’s proclamation naming you a hero of the state?”
“Tell me you’re not going to lock him in a closet with someone,” MJ said as she put her cafeteria tray down next to Peter’s.
The cat sat back on its haunches and appeared to give Steve an appraising look. Then turned and went back to the balcony, then disappeared.
The grey suit looked great on Tony. And admittedly the open collar with no tie look added something as well, even if it still felt too informal for Steve.
“Steve. We’ve been through so damn much in the past ten years, who knows what the future will bring? More than ten years ago, I had a chest plate and had to plug myself into the wall, then I had the arc reactor, now it’s just the RT. In a hundred years, you could be you and I could be a head in a jar or an AI. The point is -- I’m going to fight to be with you. I build things and who’s to say I can’t build something to be with you?”
“Um, not that often, just during times of distress.” Tony pulled out one of Steve’s chairs and sat down. “Or when I get excited or curious.” He sighed. “Just about whenever, I guess. These past weeks have been a bit exceptional. Probably the wedding. Probably trying to figure out if we’re going through with the wedding.”
“Natasha, I’m not sure if that’s a good idea. Dad was complaining about him again this morning.” Peter had to get Tony to sign a permission slip for the upcoming Academic Decathlon competition and that set Tony off about stupid Rogers.
“Right, you were helping Gass and that soldier bring in another barrel of Gass’s high quality homemade hooch. I bought the rings off Shepherd -- he had extra with him he was planning to sell in Las Angeles.”
She had a knack for getting Steve to loosen up, a testament to a hidden superpower of artist wrangling. “Um, this is a copy of the piece that I did in high school -- it was a building around the corner from my apartment.”
As the hostess showed them to a table, Tony said, “You know, I have no plans for the rest of the night.”
Once they were alone, Steve put his arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him close. “Thank you for backing me up.”
“I can help with that,” Steve said, reaching for the cover. “What’s the problem?” He tugged the cover off the wall.
Beyond the stables, Steve saw the practice yards and the guard barracks. He could see himself living there, working with Sam and Sam’s friends. The barracks were covered in spring flowering vines, just the like the other palace utility buildings.
He desperately did want a date with Steve, a real date, not a let’s-complain-about-the-Mets friend’s night out at a sports bar. They always spent a ton of time together and Tony wouldn’t trade a minute of that time away. But a real date. Just them alone and on the same page about maybe being more than friends and co-leaders.
About a half-hour later, Mr. Rogers showed up and Peter answered the door. He was in gym clothes -- a loose t-shirt with the Empire State University logo and athletic pants and a backpack -- and had clearly been working out. Peter was surprised -- he had never thought that Mr. Rogers had any other clothes than his collection of checked shirts and tan pants.
For one thing, who would make Tony coffee in the morning? Or get him to eat dinner? Or take him to places like concerts or to parks? Peter knew intrinsically that if left to his own devices, his dad would live like a hermit in his workshop, venturing out only occasionally.
Two days ago, she had put up with the incessant chirps for a couple of days. It wasn’t like she didn’t look for the tiny bastard. But there are a lot of nooks and crannies for a determined cricket to hide in the workshop. Really, she should have set a robot on it at some point instead of going quietly crazy.
Peter scanned the desk. Ned had noticed that Mr. Rogers kept his phone out on desk during classes, thus hatching their plan to get Mr. Rogers and Peter’s dad to meet. MJ talked and talked, drawing Mr. Rogers’ attention away from the desk. Peter edged his backpack over the phone, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible as he pushed the phone into an unzipped pocket.
Fury’s mood changed. He waved at the chairs at Steve’s table and Steve followed him there. “You aren’t what we’ve been told about you, Prince Brock.”
Mr. Steve bit his lip and looked back at the table. Hopeful, Peter wanted to give a thumb’s up to him. Instead, he said, “Peter, your dad is here to get you.”
Steve wriggled back under the covers and the sheets, and propped his arm up on the pillows. “Are you asking me to move in?”
Tony was more concerned about the film crew he saw in the background of the video than Steve arguing with an art expert. There had been worse videos, like Clint kicking baby pigeons. That was bad. Even if the baby pigeons were, in fact, aliens in disguise.
“I have some ideas about you and that conference table.” Tony slotted his knee between Steve’s legs.
“If you need anything, just push the right-hand button -- right, that one. You push that other button if you want something to eat.”
The gas mask was now in pieces since Steve stepped on it heavily. “We need to get back to evacuating people. I can improvise something as we go.”
After Peter got into the car, Rhodey suggested that they go and grab some slices at a local pizza place since Tony was going to be out late at a work event. They were in the middle of talking about MIT, when Rhodey dropped the bomb.
Not that Tony would be opposed to that if it was a possibility now that Hank mentioned it. But Steve didn’t date.
There the box sat on his desk in his room on the Chimera. He’d ignored it for a couple of days, preferring at first the safety and comfort of reading Pepper’s and Rhodey’s encrypted messages. They were doing okay, nervous about the world, scared for him.
Tony would never ever admit that he might have also softened on Cap because he had a lot of very nice physical attributes. He might even, if he ever learned the man’s name, move on to significant attraction. He drifted off to sleep, wondering about Cap’s name, where in New York he came from, what drink he’d order at the bar.
Tony flopped down into his chair, throwing his legs over one of the arms. He waved his hand in the air. “You know, our thing. Check-in before dinner.” Tony checked his phone. “No, wait, I’m early. You’re never here this early in the afternoon. Finally break the danger room?”
“Hey, yeah, that sounds good. We haven’t been out on our own, you and me, for a while.” They’d been too busy with Avengers stuff over the past couple of weeks and Tony missed going out to lunch or dinner or anywhere with Steve alone. Natasha wasn’t bad but Clint, ugh. Clint always wanted to do
Steve slowly collapsed inside. He’d gotten too comfortable, his own trusting nature betraying him, and maybe his crush on Tony showed too much.
“Prince Brock of Triskelion, welcome,” Duke Obadiah said. The gathered courtiers bowed as one to Steve.
So that’s how Tony found himself looking at Steve across a table in a crowded restaurant as they heard all about Hank’s latest research. Steve was listening intently, unlike Sara (Tony’s date) or Daphne (Steve’s date). Even Jan was checking her nails. But Steve leaned forwards, as if absolutely fascinated by ants. It didn’t hurt that Steve looked particularly dashing and handsome tonight -- Jan had dressed him in more modern clothes.
“I don’t know,” Peter said for the fifth time. He’d already told them the whole story from the restaurant to the apartment.
Just before dinner, Tony padded to the end of Steve’s bed. Steve pushed himself up on his elbows to watch him shudder and twist. Suddenly there was a roiling column of smoke and he couldn’t see the little cat. The smoke cleared, and human Tony was back. Clothes and all.
Steve might have, might not have. There was so much to catch up on after eighty years. At the beginning, Tony joked that Steve had more in common with thirteen year olds than people in their 20s since he was starting from the beginning.
“We’ve been over this -- it’s Tony -- and I really want to call you something other than Cap or Captain America.”
Tony made an escape to the bathroom at a break in the who’s-queen-of-the-mountain competition. He might have stayed there longer than necessary.
Tony rustled up two tin cups from the cabinets while Cap got the fire going. “It’s looking good -- can’t see my breath any more,” he said as Cap handed him a cup full of melted snow.
“That’s okay -- I have something I can pull out of the closet,” he replied. Maybe -- he’d been out of circulation for a long time and all his club wear suits could be out of date. He tapped the arc reactor, a subtle reminder that he was not the team’s choice to work the dance club’s floor.
Tony’s heart flipped. “You’re one of the most unromantic people I have ever met. We can order takeout and eat while we make space for you and your toothbrush in the bathroom.”
Bruce smiled. “No harm, no foul. A bunch of AIM agents designed gas clouds for the Scientist Supreme’s birthday party -- that’s my theory. Or something like that.”
Tony was too exhausted to muster up anything more than a fist pump. He had just been asked to the prom by his secret crush and not as a friend and all he wanted to do was curl up at Steve’s feet and sleep. “You bet.” He gave Steve the best smile he could.
Jan had timed their arrival for the maximum impact. She and Thor swept into the ballroom looking like they had just come from a royal event in Asgard. Loki and Brian drew all the attention as they tore up the dance floor. Steve didn’t step on Tony’s feet.
Tony would always notice the tiny twig sticking out of Steve’s collar whenever he looked at the picture. For the rest of his life he would notice and he would remember that Steve didn’t have a patch on his friends’ dates.
“I understand that Captain Rogers doesn’t want to see or talk to me. But it would be beneficial for us to meet if only to reconnect him to his work,” Axel Fergus said over the phone to Tony. Someone had given Fergus the mistaken impression that Tony had influence over Steve.
Not that she should have been impressed in the least that Steve caught and released a cricket. It was just a thing people do. Superstitions and all that. And being efficient in defeating your enemies was very much a Steve thing.
Tony felt buoyant on the floor, the music swirling and then lifting him up, fortified by Steve’s smiles. Steve refused to leave his side, two angels dancing the night away, laughing and silly like all the other people around them.
There’s always a reckoning, Steve presumed. All the weird and horrible stuff that had happened to him during the war was coming home to roost.
They rushed to the King’s apartment just in time to stop Howard from eating Obadiah’s tainted fruit. Then, Steve stood guard awkwardly outside Howard’s rooms as Tony explained to the Queen, Fury, Rhodey, and Natasha what he and Steve had discovered.
“Stop calling him Mr. Steve. It’s just Steve,” Natasha repeated as she helped Peter take out the trash. She had come to the apartment for a physical therapy appointment for Tony and took the opportunity to fill Peter in.
Cap tipped his head back and looked up at the rafters of the cabin and the planks of wood that kept the snow off their heads. He then joined Tony on the wooden bed that groaned under their combined weight.
Nat — as she had asked to be called — explained to him how the call system for servants worked. “There will be a State Dinner tomorrow night -- nothing formal tonight since her majesty thought that you would prefer the rest.”
Steve nodded. He was suddenly very tired and worn and eager to be alone. The travel had been easy, but he hadn’t sleep well since he left Triskelion.
And if Steve didn’t stop Tony from walking out that door, he'd lose the best thing he had in his life.
Rhodey chuckled. “It’s pretty obvious what’s going on. To everyone but Tony. I think Rogers knows too at this point.”
As he put fresh clothes on, suddenly filled with energy and feeling brand-new to his core, Tony headed off with a new spring in his step to find Steve to start their rest of their lives.
Not that his dad was really alone. They had a huge constellation of people in their lives, like Uncle Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy. And people like Nat, Tony’s physical therapist who joined them for dinner or game night, and who was more a friend these days. But they came and went, lived other places, had other stuff going on. And Tony didn’t -- he was left behind with Peter.
“That’s all that matters to me, not that you’re not a prince,” Tony said. “Dad can fix that problem.”
“We’ll just tell people that you’ve decided to go by Steve. It’s a better name,” Natasha pointed out.
“Steve’s a great guy. Maya wouldn’t expect you to stay single all your life. I haven’t seen you with this spring in your step in a long time and Steve’s the guy who put it there.”
“I don’t know about this, Rhodey. It feels like I’m betraying Maya by even thinking of dating anyone.”
Steve couldn’t stop smiling at him and he laughed at Tony’s jokes and blushed when Tony brushed against him. It was cute and adorable and everything that Tony had day-dreamed about.
Her phone beeped as a series of texts, all from Jan. Where are you? You should be here. We need to talk. Are you avoiding us?
“Rhodey won that bet -- the minute he saw you, he said that Alexander had sent a palace guard in Brock’s place.”
Steve wasn’t always good at understanding emotion, but he sure got Tony’s message loud and clear. Regardless of how Steve felt, Tony had already committed to this new state of affairs between them. His disappointment in thinking that Steve didn’t want that commitment was written all over his face.
“Come in,” he said, not even attempting his princely voice. He swung his legs off the bed and onto the floor, causing Star to protest the changes in arrangements.
“Aww, you’re so angry, you’re trying modern slang again. Let’s say we take the Shelby out for a spin.”
He strapped a gas mask over his face and headed into the isolation lab, where Bruce and Peter had put the five crates for safe keeping. Once Tony downloaded the intel gathering from the AIM labs, they were going to take a crack at figuring out what exactly was in those bottles.
Because everyone knew that Steve Rogers was too damn good a person to be interested in the likes of someone like Tony. Tony, who was not naturally a good person and had to work at being one every day of his life, unlike Steve, who just radiated goodness. Not that Tony hadn’t dreamt of being Steve’s special someone and how wonderful it would be.
“Your idea!” Tony exclaimed, as he snuggled up to Steve. “You were talking to Father Morales about Timely and he joked about you making me an honest man. You said you’d be glad to. We had the rings, the priest, Gass is the local government, and we had all we needed on hand. Shepherd played the fiddle.” Tony kissed his cheek. “Notice we’re alone -- Gass declared this the honeymoon suite.”
Cap sputtered and turned an intriguing shade of red. Tony should set up another stuck-in-a-cabin-all-nighter to solve more of those mysteries and maybe discover if that blush went all the way down.
“It’s just dinner and a comedy show, right? What could go wrong? At least I’ll get out of the house for once.”
Tony never regretted outfitting a tiny room in the Avengers Tower as an art studio. He certainly didn’t regret giving the studio to Steve for Christmas. Especially when Steve showed him all the appreciation a deeply grateful boyfriend could all afternoon and through the night.
Captain America laughed and Tony joined in. In the end, the man wasn’t half bad. Actually not bad at all. Although that last hint to his identity was going to drive Tony round the bend until he found the answer.
Peter enlisted Ned in the dog park plan. They arrived at Fort Greene Park with clipboards and tablets and the excuse that they had to do some survey of people who go to dog parks for a class assignment. Natasha had told him to go to a specific park bench.
The rest of the team had gone undercover at a night club tracking down the latest supervillains in New York -- the Rave Crew. Tony was too old for this shit. Jan had pointed that he should probably work on his grimace and audible grumbling whenever the Rave Crew showed up with their trademarked EDM theme music because it was not a good look on the nightly news.
The prospect of sleeping next to a pile of wet leather and experimental chainmail did not excite Tony. But he and Cap were in this together. “We need to share the bed so that we can keep as warm as possible.”
Yet, the pillow case was covered in glitter, left on his face and body from the enthusiastic make-out session with Steve when they returned to Tower. That mean he couldn’t have just dreamed all of it. And that he didn’t imagine that Steve was a far better kisser that Steve advertised.
Tony brushed against him as they walked through an office door. He turned to look at Steve. Suddenly Tony’s face was very close to Steve’s and Steve’s heart skipped a beat. Tony
Except he didn’t get the promposal of his dreams. All around him there was a new promposal everyday. Like Sam flying around the quad with all the balloons for Kamala. Seriously, they’d been dating forever. Everyone knew they’d go to the prom together from when it was announced. Steve was running a campaign to get Sam elected Prom King.
Jan turned fifteen different shades of red and said in one breath, “Bruce-knows-about-the-gas-he’ll-be-in-his-lab-when-you’re-um-done-here. BYE.” Peter and Jan fled the room.
“I’m not -- ” But in the end, Tony was never really able to resist Steve for anything. “Fine,” he said, giving up.
Tony sighed. “I don’t think any of us took it that seriously -- just having a fun time. Breakfast and heading back to Timely will clear it all up.” He pulled the sheets around him as he swung his feet off the bed.
Tony thought he’d moved on. He’d scarcely given Steve a thought over the past year. Excruciating pain had faded away to memory, the rage turned to cold ashes.
Later, after the disappointed film crew had been dispatched and the Stark Industries people had left for a celebratory dinner on the company credit card, Rosalind lingered with Steve over his pieces. “It’s been an honor, Steve, to talk about your work.”
Steve ignored the barb implied in Tony’s question. “Triskelion has its own artisans. When I have time, I like to draw.”
“Where were we going to live,” Steve said promptly. “Leaving you wasn’t even a single consideration for me.”
Of course, at that very moment, the manhole cover lifted, shifted aside, and a guy in colorful spandex and a domino mask stuck his head and shoulders out. A second later his eyes locked on Tony.
“Don’t care. Tell me what it is right now or we are going on kinkipedia and trying every one of them alphabetically until I find it.”
“Why do I keep getting cast as a detective?” asked Tony as he stroked his meticulously groomed facial hair and fiddled with his walking stick. When he heard the sound of his voice, he grimaced and added, “And why do I keep getting accents? What am I now, French?”
“It never made it to the blog post, but she said, ‘you’re more than a few steps from freedom’,” says Bruce.
Steve and Tony turned around as the white backlit surface of the table transformed into a collage of photographs.
“I resent that. My usual ripped jeans make my ass look much better than these do,” said Tony, turning around to illustrate his point, and utterly oblivious to the blush creeping up Steve’s neck.
“Oh that’s not a threat, Bobert. That’s the reality of what you’ve done. One way or another, my team’s coming for me and they
“I thought it was a dream! I thought— your nose is broken! I broke your fucking nose!” said Tony, who was very deep into a serious panic right now. It was everything he could do to not start hyperventilating. He had kissed Steve in what he thought was a dream and then he’d
Unfortunately, medieval art had never really been Steve’s thing, and he got bored of the Madonna pretty quickly. He felt a little guilty, but everybody knows you come to the Cloisters for the atmosphere and the courtyards more than the art, anyway. So he stowed his sketch pad and walked around the museum for a bit, soaking in the ambiance and hoping Tony wasn’t trying to buy the unicorn tapestries to keep himself entertained. It wasn’t long until he heard a familiar cadence of speech coming through a doorway nearby, though, and he followed it until he came to an open courtyard.
Steve stood there mutely for a moment, contemplating whether he was going to get any kind of productive result from this bizarre conversation. When he realized the answer was “probably not,” he spun on his heel to leave.
“I know we’re only doing this because we haven’t gotten along, but I was coworkers with Howard and I’m friends with you, whatever that might say.”
“Alright, sounds like the lunch rush has reduced to a trickle, and I’ve got all the information I need here. Stark, meet me tonight at 9:00 in the conference room, and we can start putting the pieces together. Clint, go meet the truck on the other side of the block to get a ride home. I’ve got one more piece to gather before I head back to the city.” said Natasha as she jogged toward the parking lot.
“Unfortunately, when I design security, I tend to design it right,” said Tony with a sigh. “The StarkVault is unhackable. Any attempt to plug anything into it or mess with its wiring, or drill through it will trigger the alarm. To get in, we’ll need a retinal scan, a fingerprint,
” said Steve incredulously as the video ended and the lights came up. “He has a goddamn infinity stone and
“‘Is eating five dozen eggs the secret to being roughly the size of a barge?’” said Tony, who had long since finished peeling the last potato but was still carving away at the one in his hand because he could
starting to break a sweat. “If you came to sparring more often you’d be feeling much better right now.”
After the show they took a few pictures and signed a few autographs with some of the fans in the crowd, then Tony started gabbing with the cast. He was clearly in his element here, talking shop on the finer details of their costumes and swapping stories about the shows he’d seen and the people in the movie he’d met personally.
“No, Tony,” said Steve, and he failed at keeping the sorrow from his voice. “The thing is, nowhere’s felt like home to me in a really long time, even before the ice. Not here, not the front, and definitely not the USO tour. Hell, Brooklyn stopped feeling like home after ma died. And I think of all the places I’ve been and the only common variable in all of them is me.”
“Before I came here, Strange showed me an example of an artifact,” you say. “It was a book with a person trapped inside its story. Strange said he thought something similar is trapping us here in the tower. But… there’s a natural connection between a book and a story, right?”
“Yeah, well, maybe it’s time to change things up, Tony,” Steve retorted as he blocked a blast of magic.
“That’s useful?” asked Bruce, sounding skeptical. The Hammerplex was an old enough building for its blueprints to be historic documents, and he was at the Hoboken Hall of Records retrieving them, as well as any other information he could find about the building.
The top of Avengers tower. Tony frowns as he drops a little bird seed from a box. Thor sits with his legs between a railing, looking sad. Natasha leans over the edge of the tower to examine the bird cage hanging off of it.
. So for the next ten minutes, Tony outlined Steve’s values, aesthetics, and tastes and then systematically demonstrated how each of them was incompatible with enjoying the performance of
“However this turns out, I want you to keep going to therapy, Steve,” said Dr. Mitchell insistently. “Tony’s not the only one here coming into this experience with a lot of trauma to unpack.”
“You know, I had the strangest conversation at the supermarket today,” said Steve as he stirred the pan on the stove.
Before Tony could answer with either a quip or some more pathetic whining (he’d know when it came out of his mouth), a familiar voice said, “What’d you do to my Iron Man, Cap?”
My perspective was pretty limited, being two-dimensional and all, but I remember a lot of round things. Bottle caps, buttons, earrings, marbles… and I don’t think anything there was bigger than an orange or smaller than a washer.
They laugh, then part ways. THOR and CLINT split off to the JAILHOUSE, while NATASHA continues down main street to the SALOON.
Tony srhuged & said, “Natasha, we need to hurry up and take the elevator to the basement or we’re going to miss it,” siad Tony.
Also, Thor had literally never heard of powerpoint before he was invited to this party, and I for one think he did a great job.
“There’s a few we can skip over just because of the lives we live, so let’s get right to the big one at the end. What do you want to do with the rest of your life, Steve?”
“Alright, honest opinion of Pride? Too much glitter. Everything else is great, but I’ve taken six showers since Sunday and I
the Hammerplex from where we are up the block. What’s the use of knowing how many Hammertech employees don’t like bean sprouts?”
Tony licked his lips and said, “Remember what we talked about last therapy session? About how even if we’re scared what the other person thinks, we should talk about what we’re feeling anyway?”
“Good to know,” said Steve. Then he looked up at the high stained glass windows of the chapel and said, “Y’know I’ve always wondered why they went buck wild for pointed arches in the Middle Ages.”
he needed a drink. At least the bar wouldn’t ask for money up front; he could start a tab and worry later about how the fuck he was going to pay it, he was that fucking desperate.
“Well… hm. Ok,” said Tony. “JARVIS? Why is every Deaf person in New York City suddenly interested in slam poetry?”
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
“Oh it’s my ego that needs checking here?” said Steve. “I can’t do something that’s not about you for thirty minutes and we start arguing again. Whose ego is the problem here?”
This chapter has a lot of American history references, so for international readers and American readers who aren't as big a history nerd as I am, I've hyper-linked references to their respective Wikipedia pages. But the links aren't necessary to understand the chapter; you can skip them entirely and not miss anything happening in the story.
“Don’t add the sugar. He’s just being melodramatic, and I don’t want to hear him whining about how sweet his paint stripper is,” said Natasha.
Thor heard the familiar whine of repulsors behind him, stopped pacing, and closed his eyes, wishing for a moment that he was anywhere or anyone else.
“I promise that if there is a way available to me, I will try to come home. Can you promise me the same?”
Tony took a step back out of Steve’s reach. He couldn’t lie to Steve. Steve knew him too well by now for that. So Tony would have to find a way to address… this, without saying anything wrong.
“I’ve made a few upgrades since Loki. And you can bet your ass I’d make a lot more if the security was responsible for my kid.”
“Protocol says two people in the video booth at all times,” said Frank. “And besides, if we’re really about to have the Hulk loose, there’s nothing either of
Enchantress and the Avengers never got the chance to try my curry, which means if you try this curry recipe, I want to hear about it in the comments! Let my friends (and Enchantress) know what they missed out on!
“They’re already there. Someone tripped the alarm on the window and opened the safe,” said the front desk guard.
Not like I’m unique in that regard. One of these days, me, Nat and Tony are gonna get matching tee-shirts for the shitty dads club. Dammit, I was really hoping to never see the old bastard again...
ROMANOV immediately stops running her fingertips over the points of her Vulcan ears and gets to work at her console.
“I’ve had that talk running through my head all day,” grumbled Steve. “And in the end my grand seduction was undone by some damn chap stick.”
Steve was getting the feeling that if they ever did get that time machine, he’d need to pay Howard an unpleasant visit.
“Alright. For Steve,” said Nat out loud, as she got up on the stage. And Steve knew he should probably tell Nat and Clint he understood what they were signing but in that moment, when Nat was putting her arm behind his back and shaking like a leaf, all Steve could do was squeeze her shoulder, lean in and say, “Thank you.” Because Steve loved everyone in that room more than anything in the universe, and the fact Nat was there by his side on that stage meant she did too. And seeing what came next, which might charitably be called the worst, least coordinated kick line in the history of kick lines (Thor didn’t even know how to deliver a kick except in the context of combat), it all clicked in Steve’s brain. If he and Nat were bringing baggage to this stage, so was everyone else. Everyone in that room was a battered puzzle piece from a lost box. Yet here they were, fitting together, making a picture of something new.
(specifically the chapter called "Bondage Forged in Fire") for the story behind the picture on Rhodey's phone.
“That doesn’t count and you know it,” said Clint, who then added, “If I’d known you’d like it that much, I’d’ve prepared a whole performance about punching villains in the dick.”
Pictures of a green nudibranch that looks a bit like a leaf, a blue nuidbranch with lots of weird spikes, and a white nudibranch that llooks like it has a frilly orange edge
Steve shifted his weight around, as if he were debating whether to bolt out of the bathroom and avoid this conversation entirely. Then he closed his eyes and sighed.
“Hey, have you set up the movie yet?” said Tony as he grabbed the remote from the common room table. Tony thanked the lord for his teenage preoccupation with escape artistry and sleight of hand, which allowed him to press the right buttons to get to the movie options for the TV while opening the secret compartment in the bottom of the remote and pressing one of the three panic buttons inside.
“Nope, gonna need you to go back to the original conversation subroutines, Jarvis,” said Tony as he got to his feet.
Before Steve and Tony could debate whether to leave or stay, Clint spotted them and made his way over toward them. After a somewhat awkward conversation involving Tony’s phone doing speech-to-text (Clint had left his hearing aids at the tower), Steve coming clean about how much ASL he knew, and Clint marveling on the dumb luck that they happened to come do this item on their list on the one night a month Nuyorican’s did ASL poetry, they came around to the question they’d been debating at the door.
Frank reached next to her and picked up a mannequin leg in fishnet stockings they’d used as a prop earlier in the night. Then she waved it over Steve’s head.
There was quiet for a moment, as everyone looked at Thor, an obvious question in their eyes. Thor clenched his fist and willed himself not to lose his temper.
“Well, Tony, there isn’t one horse on earth faster than this one, and you and your little Avengers friends just got caught trying to sabotage the race. I cannot
Also, idk who needs to hear this, but you don't owe abusive shitbags anything. Not a confrontation, not a goodbye, not an explanation, not closure. Cathartic "You don't scare me anymore!" moments are overrated. You know what's not overrated? Accepting help from the people who care about you to make sure you never have to see the asshole again.
Both Steve and I had to physically restrain ourselves from continuing to rattle off names of badass Americans until we died. Names that I had to cut from the list for brevity include Frank Bowe, Martin Luther King Jr., Rosa Parks, Dorothea Dix, Elizabeth Cady Stanton, the suffragettes who got arrested and force-fed through their hunger strikes, Stokely Carmicheal, Lucretia Mott, Medgar Evers, Alice Wong, Marsha P. Johnson, the participants in the Capitol Crawl, Sojourner Truth, Jacob Riis, Ed Roberts and the Rolling Quads, Miss Major, Harriet Tubman, and you know what I could keep going but if any of those names are unfamiliar to you, you should look them up.
The ship lurches with the impact of the torpedo. Sparks fly out of CLINT’s comms panel, although luckily he’s unharmed.
Before Hammer could ask what the hell was going on, Tony Stark shimmered, then fizzled as the armor closed again, cutting off the projector for the image.
Tony wasn’t sure if he was pissed off at that news, relieved to escape the kitchen, or terrified at the deadly tone of Pepper’s voice.
Yes, this is deliberately coded so that you only get three hints. Of course, there's nothing stopping you from refreshing the page to get the other three. I'm an end-note, not a cop.
,” said Tony a little more urgently, feeling his heart rate rise again as he heard Happy leave the car.
“It never made it to the blog post, but she said, ‘you’re more than a few steps from freedom’,” says Bruce.
“You’ve been like this all day. Just… on the surface it’s like everything’s the same, but one of the tracks in your brain is still on the damn future talk, isn’t it?” said Tony.
STEVE runs his hands over BUCKY’s buttons and pockets, casts final, wistful glances at both BUCKY and PEGGY, then his hands drop to his sides and he straightens up and goes back to play-acting the Sheriff.
“Did you think he was dating the hot chocolate?” said Tony, as he clasped Steve on the shoulder. “Steve’s making a heroic effort to escape single life and while I will miss him in bachelor-dom, I commend him for his efforts.”
“Do you really wanna spend the next year explaining to every late night host what a QPR is?” said Natasha.
“Ok, discourse on the quality of the story aside, we’re wasting time here. But whenever we get close to the elevator, some weird new nonsense like this pops up and derails us,” faid Xteve.
As Tony’s arms moved over to the manhole cover and placed it over his head, surrounding him in the dark, horrible-smelling, dankness of the NYC sewer system, all he could think was thank God he’d put the SIM card back in his phone, so the team could track his location.
“No, you can’t,” said Sandra sharply as she closed the video camera. “Not without risking your hide and mine. The Sokovians don’t play around.”
“The first Friday of every month is reserved for poetry in American Sign Language,” said Tony’s phone.
“That… would be amazing,” said Clint. “Seriously, can I have some glitter arrows? There’s so many pranks I could—”
specifically, and they might be in disguise. Do whatever you have to to subdue them. Ariel can keep Dr. Banner here while cleansweep flushes his super buddies out of the vents.”
And Steve didn’t know how to respond to that except to lean over and kiss him. Then a thought struck him, and he said, “Please tell me you weren’t ring shopping on your phone when you said you were hacking the locks to get us out.”
me, Steve, the pleasure really is all mine,” said holo-Jade, taking his outstretched hand, then placed her other hand on the outside of Steve’s own.
“You shouldn’t and you’re not. She was a pro. But this is what I was getting at when we started this and I said you needed to trust me that this was important. I can build the most un-hackable lock on earth to get into Avengers tower, but if you hold the door open for someone because they’re carrying a heavy box and you feel bad, it’s useless.”
“Ok. You can stay here. But I would be really happy if you came up and danced with us, and I think you’d be happy too. For Steve?”
You walk back down the pile of rubble to where your friends (what’s left of them) are sleeping around the remains of a fire, and shake one of the bundles of blankets awake. Nat grabs your wrist the moment you touch her shoulder, but years of this routine has converted her instinct from kill-on-touch to just this. You’ll never admit it, but her hand on your wrist is the most human contact you usually get these days. Part of you looks forward to it.
“Hey, don’t be upset. Please, Tony don’t — I still don’t have an ulterior motive here,” said Steve, his other hand coming to wrap around Tony’s as he turned his body to face Tony more completely. “More than anything else, I just want you to be ok. But if you want this, Tony, if you want me, I am
Natasha is correct. Amora would have liked nothing better than to watch us think we’d succeeded, and then fail, which means we’re in the right place. But she is likely either here already or on her way to move the artifact, so we must work quickly to find it again.
The chain goes slack as THE HULK steps out of the mist, a black metal collar on his neck attached to the chain in ENCHANTRESS’s hand. He looks almost drugged, but he’s still very dangerous and very angry.
Clint shrugged, and said aloud, “If you’re comfortable here, I’m comfortable having you here.” Then he turned to Tony and said, “Do you mind if I talk to Steve for a second?”
“And all this time I thought you were making a good faith effort at something in cardboard and metallic paint but no, where did you buy that? Target?”
“Slept face-down on a workbench last night, actually. And before you get all disappointed-in-me about it—”
Unfortunately, just as we were about to head to the elevator, there was a clap of thunder and I could see the rain pouring against the windows. And while my friends begged me to use my powers to clear out the weather, interfering in the climate when there isn’t an emergency is a recipe for disaster. And I’d much rather partake in much yummier recipes, like this one for Chocolate Crinkle cookies!
Oh dear, I thought that was obvious. I’m just here to pick up the artifact. But, I can’t have all of you knowing what it is or trying to steal it once it’s powering an Earth-sized spell field, so as much fun as this has been, I’m afraid this is where your stories come to an end.
You can thank the AMAZING zappedbysnow for this AMAZING art update she drew AMAZINGLY. And then go marvel at her other AMAZINGNESS on her
“Ok, one, we are revisiting the acceptable-Tony-lies later,” says Tony, “Two, it’s not a lie this time.”
“Kill them or knock them out, I’m not picky if they’re not real,” said Natasha with a shrug. Then a thought struck her, and she said, “Boys, how bad is my make up right now?”
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
“I stopped believing that less than a week into being your PA, Tony,” said Pepper even more irritably.
“Belgian,” Natasha corrected without lowering her pistol or looking away from Amora. Not even a minute ago they’d been sitting in a circle, with Inspector Steven Rogers and private detective Anton “Tony” Stark standing in the center of the room, the latter about to announce the identity of the killer of the Lord of the Avenger manor. Of course, since their own brains were casting the parts, the culprit was obvious, so before Tony could say anything, Natasha, the victim’s widow, had taken the bag from Amora, the maid, pulled the murder weapon out of it, and pointed the gun at her before she could try anything. Clint, the groundskeeper, was tying her up as they spoke, and Amora was not shy about voicing her displeasure.
“The whole plan as you’ve laid it out for me is hinging on this. You’re sure it’ll work?” said Steve.
“‘Pig-in-a-poke’ is a scam where you convince someone that a container has something valuable in it that has nothing of value inside,” said Natasha. “We’re going to need a case for the scepter with a combination lock on it. Make sure the case is as scepter-shaped as you can possibly make it, we want him to see it and
Everyone starts talking at once again, so you say loudly, “Either we all take turns talking, or I am resurrecting the talking-shield from those team-building exercises we did last month.”
“How about we go out instead?” says Tony as you walk toward the lab doors. “Been meaning to try out that new Ethiopian place up the block. My treat.”
“Let’s just hope you’re right about everything else about him,” said Steve with a sigh. “Operation Hammer Skimmer is a go, everyone.”
But alas, Fall has come, and so it is time to turn toward the warm, heartier recipes of the colder months. I had planned to make a roast this week, but my dearest friends the Avengers came to visit (except for Clint, who is recovering in medical at the moment). And since Dr. Banner is a vegetarian, now seems to be a great time to share with you my unbelievably easy (and vegan!) three-bean chili recipe, adapted from
“I’d say ‘what about you,’ but we’ve done a hell of a lot of therapy to establish you are happy to be in love with me.”
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Loki, Nick Fury, Gerard Way - Chapters: 6 - Words: 2235- Reviews: 32 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 7 - Updated: March 24, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
“You really should’ve dealt more employees into this one. Everyone who works here knows the boss is a moron. If he’s got a super magic bomb or whatever in the basement, I could’ve brought it to you myself,” said Frank.
Tony cleared his throat. “Wow. Can you, like, bottle that? Make it a sports drink? If we hurry we can sell out on Independence Day next year.”
Because this? Steve saying he wanted him? Tony didn’t have an answer to that. Well, that was a lie, one particular answer was practically screaming to get out, but—
“Sir?” said the security guard. “I’m sorry, but if you’re not here to see anyone and you’re not an employee, you’re going to have to leave.”
Tony went straight to the couch in his lab (which was functionally his bed these days) and passed out before he could even say anything to Jarvis. His last conscious thought was
THOR runs his hands over the bulletin board, giving a clear shot of IVAN’s wanted poster before it falls to the ground after coming loose under THOR’s hands. He eventually gets to AMORA’s poster, and he stops, shame immediately clouding his face again.
You eye the strip of skin on his abdomen that was exposed when his shirt rode up, and catch yourself thinking,
“Oh thank God he’s not,” seaid Yony, “I mean we’re not! She’s all yours. We’re um… Steve and I are boyfriends, see?”
Every emotion Tony had been holding back from the moment he’d met Steve surfaced at once, and before he was even conscious of it he wasn’t just kissing back, he was pinning Steve against the glass, his hands running over Steve's body and his tongue tasting the inside of Steve's mouth. It was like he was finally where he’d always been meant to be. It was like a wave that had traveled the entire ocean was finally crashing on the shore. But Tony just kept
“More like ‘beat it away with a stick at boarding school.’ Night was the only time I got to myself to tinker without interruption,” said Tony as he sat down next to Steve, a container of leftover lo mein in hand.
“If I reliably had no imagination whatsoever, where would I hide a safe?” Steve murmured to himself, before he noticed the giant portrait on the wall. He tugged at the corner, which swung aside to reveal the small safe behind it.
“The Avengers are pathetic and so are you,” snapped Bob. “And none of this will matter by this time tomorrow. Now that we know the amplifiers work, by tomorrow morning I’ll have all of them powered up and ready to blanket Manhattan with my magic. Then it’s only a matter of freeing my brother, and—”
Steve looked slightly relieved to hear him, but he was nonetheless starting to dig his fingers into the joints on the helmet, trying to pry it off him.
, because I was so full of good ideas that day, when l looked over and saw Penny Kurtz. Specifically, Penny Kurtz’s mouth wrapped around a popsicle. So I immediately forgot Stacey and got to work trying to get Penny’s mouth around
out of singing in church, right? There’s a feedback loop there. It feels absolutely fucking fantastic when you’re giving it all you’ve got and the audience is eating out of the palm of your hand.”
We went to the Hot Topic. Steve (that is the blonde preps name) got a GC tee shirt, black sk8r pants, checked vans and eyeliner & I panted his nails to look lik pentagrams. Tony wore a marilyn Mansion shirt with black fishnet rave sleeves over it, red color contacts, riped black jeans & black convers. I bought a corset with balck lace all over it, black fisnets, & black leagher boots with alot of fuckles.
The blush spread from the apples of his cheeks, like a rumor in a church on Easter Sunday. It was sweet, but it stung a little, having that reminder that at the end of the day, he was just a lost kid in a lonely world. The captain might have come here as a prank from the guys at the station, but he still had a look in his eyes that spelled ‘danger’. Something was weighing him down, something big.
Natasha smirked and said, “Because he’s got to feel like he has home field advantage for what comes next.”
“Thank you for telling me, babe,” he said as he ran a hand down Tony’s chest. “Really, I’m glad you did. I know you wouldn’t have not very long ago, and I can’t tell you how much it means to me that you’ve trusted me enough to tell me when you’ve had a setback.”
“Either you skipped a few lines in the conversation we were having or you’re seriously about to try to convince Captain America to steal an ice cream truck, and I sure hope it’s not the second one,” said Steve.
“Steve, I’m not giving up. I’m leaving because if Tony can’t see how much you love him, he’s got problems that we can’t fix. How you feel is obvious to anyone who has spent a fraction of a second with you both. I wouldn’t be surprised if they can see it from
Sure enough, they hadn’t even completed one rotation of the spiral when Tony said, “Mom’s art of choice was the ballet. Which Howard thought was boring as dirt, so she took me when she went. I take after my dad as far as interest in ballet goes, but the alternative was letting her go alone, and mom spent enough time alone as it was. But paintings were Howard’s thing, which is why you didn’t see anything that even hinted she existed.”
Bruce looked up from the papers he’d been reading on the workbench surface and startled at the sight of him.
“That’s fucking right, and maybe if you weren’t underground you wouldn’t’ve missed my last two calls. The GPS on your phone says you’re on the boardwalk in Coney Island. I need you to go to the aquarium.”
“No more than usual,” said Tony, “I just— I’ve got nothing, Pep. I’ve tried everything I can think of. Steve and I are going to hate each other until we die.”
“Sorry, Steve finished the last of it,” said Tony, then he added, “Hey, which of us has the better costume this year?”
“Let me go out first for the HC floor, please,” said Bruce as he pushed the appropriate button. “I don’t really have a reason, other than it’s sort of also my floor, and I’d like to drive if it happens to have a driver.”
And as he and Tony sang the rest of the verse together and Steve looked out and saw everyone else watching them with such open faces of amusement and enjoyment, Steve felt it. The feedback loop. Tony was right, it was downright de-lovely.
“I can think of a few ways to warm you up quick,” said Tony as the suit wrapped its arms around Steve’s waist and blasted off, back toward the tower just as the sirens started closing in on the warehouse behind them.
Fine. Thor, Clint, once you’re done there, go high and be on the lookout for Enchantress or the Hulk. Remember, everyone, we’re looking for something smaller than your hand, possibly round-ish, but it stood out to Bruce so it might not be. If it hasn’t changed since we were here earlier, it might look out of place for this setting. If you find it, don’t wait for the rest of us, just smash it. Let’s move out.
want to deal with them today. Maybe a proper Avenger like Steve would’ve used this opportunity to try and lure them out, but Tony was being held together by chewing gum and a fuck-you attitude at the moment, and he simply did not have it in him. He wanted to drink, scream, cry, eat, sleep, and have a complete mental breakdown. As soon as he got out of this damn sewer, he was going to do one of them, and it was a spin of the wheel for which one.
“But I think it’s time the two of you had a conversation you’ve been avoiding,” she said. Then she walked into the elevator and left the two of them alone in the hallway.
in love with me then this’ll be everything you’ve ever wanted, won’t it?” asked Tony, cocking his eyebrow.
“Oh you know,” said Tony, waving his hand vaguely. When Steve didn’t respond, Tony sighed and mimicked, “Tony, you sure are a swell fella, but I don’t swing that way. And even if I did, you’ve got too many issues for us to make it work. And even if you didn’t, your dad was my wartime BFF and this would be too weird. And even if he weren’t, it’d be bad for the team. And even if—”
“Not Z-E-P, S-E-P,” Steve said as he signed, indicating the little black device clipped to his collar. “It…uses light to change your face slightly. So people won’t recognize us if they don’t look too closely.”
He’d tried throwing money at the problem after a particularly vicious fight, but the mint condition Jackie Robinson rookie card just got slid right back under Tony’s door with the sticky note saying “You can’t buy your way out of saying sorry, Tony.” He’d tried compliments, which had confused everyone, most of all Steve, who thought Tony was taking the piss. He’d even tried flirting, which made Steve turn scarlet and yell at Tony for being lewd and unprofessional, which was a fair cop but come
TONY and STEVE head for the WHOREHOUSE. THOR, CLINT, and NATASHA walk in the same direction for a while on the way to their locations.
Over the next few days, Steve was glad to see his team had been serious when they promised things would change. Thor stopped giving hugs without asking. Nat had already stopped poking Steve in the ribs before their conversation but when Clint forgot himself temporarily and reached for Steve’s hand to compare their life-lines (“Is yours just 10 times longer than everyone else’s, do you think?”) Nat practically vaulted over 3 couches to put her hand down between Clint and Steve.
“If I’m right, you buy me something. I don’t care what it is, a keychain’s just fine. It just needs to be something I can look you in the eye and gloat over.”
“Which’ll make it even more convincing when they almost catch you sneaking out with the scepter later,” said Steve.
“Yep! Could be going for state secrets or just a grab at your junk - doesn’t matter. What matters is she played you. That’s called social engineering, also known as being a con artist, although when non-professionals use it it’s called ‘being a manipulative asshole.’ It’s the skill of hacking human behavior to get others to do what you want them to do.”
“Ouch, he is not going to like that,” said Tony with a wince. “JARVIS? Ask Jane to call me later tonight. We need to up her security and deal her into Operation Keep-Thor-From-Combusting-With-Guilt.”
Pepper looked like she was trying to suppress a smile for a moment, but then she was crossing her arms, raising her eyebrows, and saying, “Ok. What’s your idea?”
“Open doors for anyone you like at the coffee shop, but don’t do it at the tower for people who can’t show you their badge,” said Tony, “and when someone at a party starts fixing your lapel, don’t forget it’s
triptych you should take me to the Cloisters. I’m so glad my date Steve knows me so well,” said Tony.
“Steve, I grew up in a mansion like this one. And even if I didn’t I’d know how a pendulum clock works,” said Tony breaking character for a second to voice his annoyance.
“It’s not the damn color that gives you away, Steve,” said Tony. Then he took Steve’s wrist to expose the stitches to the light so he could better demonstrate his point. “Look at this, not even machine-sewn. You actually got a needle and a spool of thread and did a goddamn whipstitch between the kevlar, which— I don’t even know how you managed that, honestly, the armor should’ve bent a regular needle into a pretzel before you even started.”
“—spend more time with other people, yeah, I remember. How do you talk me into these things?” said Tony.
“I’m gonna lay this one out for you, Bobby. It’s obvious you’re new to the whole supervillain thing, but FYI, kidnapping an Avenger is about the stupidest possible thing you can do when you’re starting out. So how about you let me go and I’ll give you a 15-minute head start before my team finds you and beats you down through the sewer floor, clear down into where the mole people live?”
“Jesus Christ, could you—” Steve saw Tony look at the painting Steve was drawing, then close his eyes and swallow.
Crap. Steve had found a hole in the filter. But as Tony glanced nervously back at Steve, he saw Steve was looking at him intently, like he’d been listening the entire time. And he didn’t even seem annoyed.
“If I’d been given the mission to sneak something into Avengers tower, ideally I’d want it to be something small and easy to conceal. Something that wouldn’t stand out on an ordinary day, like a quarter or a pair of sunglasses,” says Natasha.
Police really don’t give a shit out in the sticks unless you do something that forces them to give a shit.
That in and of itself was not noteworthy. As a reanimated fossil from the early 20th century, Steve spent most of his time in the here and now very confused. The cause of it varied from day to day; yesterday it was planking. Today it was Tony leading him down the stairs to his Stark Tower lab for reasons he was keeping to himself.
“We need a plan that doesn’t have a fourteen percent chance of us all being killed,” you say pointedly. Bruce nods with a sigh and crumples up the napkin, while Tony grumbles something about his suit and sixteen percent, which you will
You feel something hit you on the back of your head. You turn around and see your three fight-friends, spread out. Any of them could have thrown the book that hit the back of your head, and you are
“That it couldn’t have been the same day. That… God, what’re the odds the worst day of my life would be followed by the best one?”
Tony fixed the woman with a dubious stare through the doors of his favorite coffee shop, before she finally broke out in a grin.
“Avengers Tower more than suits our needs,” said Steve, making a conscious effort not to be curt. “I’m here to talk about the scepter.”
friends. And Tony knew him well enough by now to say confidently that if it were anyone at all coughing up flowers, Steve would be acting the exact same way, trying in vain to save their life.
“I have three questions for you, Sandra, and then if you like, you’ll never see me again,” said the woman. “The first is, what kind of person are you?”
“If we include the roof, the containment floor is in the center, but I don’t think that necessarily means it’s definitely there,” Tony continues, as he starts drawing concentric circles starting from the containment floor and working outwards. “We already know this artifact packs a kick, so it could hypothetically be anywhere.
“Yeah, it is working. We still butt heads sometimes but about as much as the rest of us do, and it doesn’t fester like it used to.”
“You know what’s funny? Nat and I escaping like this wasn’t even a part of the plan. She was supposed to get almost ‘caught’ running out the door and drop the case behind her. Lucky for us, you’re not just a terrible person. You’re a terrible boss.”
“I’m in camera thirty-two’s blind spot by the vent opening, but there’s a group of women here waiting for someone and I can’t risk them seeing me go in the vent,” said Nat quietly, doing her best not to attract attention as she stood awkwardly by the vent in the wall on the first floor.
Tony closed the phone and pulled out the SIM card. Tomorrow. Tomorrow he’d call Rhodey and sort this out. Not today. Today he was going to get absolutely, unbelievably,
“Wow, you got a handbook? All I got was a hot fiance,” and he pinched Steve’s butt to underscore the point.
“So… touch every single object on ten floors of the tower, plus the roof, until we find it,” grumbles Tony.
“I don’t say ‘swell’,” said Steve as he slid an order slip for avocado toast and a strawberry smoothie over toward Tony. “And I thought you like to cook.”
You roll your eyes and say, “Yes, the old man is old, but maybe… hey, could it be a TV or a smartphone? Something that could display examples of everything we’re seeing?”
“No I mean,” said Natasha, who was still punching the bag, “Are we going to keep on like this, pretending we’re both training here, or are we getting right to it?”
Tony couldn’t even if he wanted to; the mud he’d slammed into was blocking the air vents into the helmet and he was already starting to feel light-headed. So instead he made a mental note that the next version of the suit needed more redundant air vents more evenly distributed around the helmet and clicked his fingers together in the manual release sequence, causing the front of the suit to open like a baked clam. When he was sure GerardWayLover69 was appropriately occupied, he sat up and confirmed his suspicion about the suit: completely bricked. It was 600 pounds of scrap now.
“You ok, Steve?” said Bruce as he came down the stairs from his floor. He was wearing a leather jacket, pants with chains on them, cowboy boots and a fake bloody gouge across his forehead.
Of course that was when my beloved Jane came back from her work, so Clint will have to wait for another recipe to try, but luckily, dear reader, you don’t!
Your fight-friends have not kept the small you safe, and they will feel your rage. You roar and start to barrel in their direction. They are already out the puny door, which becomes a Hulk-sized hole in the wall as you smash through it. You hear them moving to your left and continue to run. They have a lot of distance ahead of you, but you know you’ll catch up quickly.
“Don’t worry, Steve, I’ll get a dozen for you too,” said Tony as he patted Steve on the shoulder before he left.
“Agreed,” said Natasha. “The fact he thinks it’s an equal exchange says enough. We might lose more if he holds onto the scepter, but either way we still lose.”
“Pepper and Rhodey aren’t speaking to me right now. And even if they were they have better shit to do than listen to me whine.”
“It has to be you, Bruce,” said Natasha. “You’re a critical part of the plan Tony and I put together.”
Haven’t seen you around here in a while, sheriff. Was beginning to think you’d forgotten little old me.
“Rhodey is out of the country on War Machine business. And even if he weren’t, the General wants you to give the presentation. God knows why, but he insisted.”
"Let's meet in the middle next time," Clint decreed. They nidded and nodded, and said they agreed. So they walked to the lift, as they giggled and chattered, all together again, and that's all that mattered.
And of course as soon as he realized that, the fact that the aquarium was number fourteen on Steve’s list suddenly seemed a lot less like coincidence but before he could go... there he was. Steve was standing there, bathed in the cool, blue light of the water, looking like he’d been through hell. And it was enough to stop Tony in his tracks because
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
“When we get out of here, all of us are making a list of evil exes that could potentially come and ruin our day,” said Tony as he pressed the elevator button for Clint’s floor.
Steve thought about all the times Howard had talked over everyone in the room, and they’d all let him because he was usually going somewhere brilliant. What must it have been like to
“Roger that. Somebody text Bruce, let him know he can leave. Now if you’ll excuse me, I’ve got vents to crawl,” said Nat as she shuffled down the length of the vent, doing her best not to let the heavy scepter case dragging behind her make any noise.
“It’s still your fault,” says Natasha, the sorrow now converted into anger. “All of this is your fault, Bruce.”
“I’m actually kind of peckish. Steve, could you put in the command to take a few of these energy bars?” says Clint.
“How can you ask me not to talk about such an important part of me to my children, Tony?” said Steve.
“If your dirty jokes can repel these damn magic beams, you can make as many as you want, Tony. Until then, I’ll take my shield,” said Steve, but Tony could hear the grin under his words.
“If Enchantress managed to find an encyclopedia current enough for a Chuck Tingle page, she deserves to keep us trapped for a bit,” says Tony.
like to cook. Mashing avocados and blending berries and yogurt together isn’t cooking. It’s health food assembly.”
“Captain, you insult me,” said Hammer as he tossed the ball and caught it over and over again. “I know Tony told you I had the scepter. Did he tell you what I’d be willing to exchange it for?”
“Tell him with the occurrents, more and less, which have solicited. The rest... is... silence!” gasped Tony as he laid down on the hard, concrete floor.
“I don’t need inspiration, Romanov, I need a goddamn miracle,” said Tony. “Add extra sugar to the usual, Jasmine. I’m about to deliver some bad news and I need something sweet to offset it.”
“So nice to finally speak with all of you directly. I was so disappointed when I hadn’t captured all of you this morning, but it was very kind of you to jump in the spell yourself, Captain.” — Enchantress
“Yeah, you remain the coolest and most bad-ass of us all,” said Bruce through a mouthful of cereal. Then Tony remembered Bruce wouldn’t be taking a pin if he wasn’t marching, so really his bait was only good for Nat and Clint. Ah well, still a decent haul for a scheme he’d hatched on a whim yesterday.
Clint raises his gun and fires a shot at ENCHANTRESS. A giant green hand reaches out of the mist and catches the bullet directly in front of her, then withdraws.
. And of course, it went over exactly as well as Tony knew it would. They were elbowing each other in the ribs during “Loathing,” and Steve got a dopey grin on his face during “For Good”. And Tony wasn’t really a musicals guy, but he could definitely get on board the watching-Steve-watch-musicals train. They should go see
“I’m fine, thank you,” said Steve, as he did his best to make himself comfortable in a seat that was clearly designed to make whoever used it feel small and uncomfortable. The giant portrait of Hammer looking down at him to his left and the full Captain America suit he was wearing did nothing to make him comfortable either. But he knew the effect the image of his gear had on people, and he was going to need all of it if he was going to be successful at what he was trying to do here.
“It would appear that the widow-bite chemical compound you were improving yesterday has contaminated the hair on the left side of your head due to an absent-minded gesture with your left hand. This compound is known to be combustible when combined with the—”
Tony was quiet for a moment and softly said, “Please don’t ever ask me to choose between you and my work.”
Tony was going to say, “Because I am having the shittiest day in the history of shitty days and I cannot deal with anyone or anything right now.” Instead he said, “Clint’s gonna make us watch
“Tony, if you’re about to tell us you’re every single letter of LGBT+… I will support you all the way, but I will also have some questions,” said Bruce over his cereal bowl. Bruce and highly-stimulating, crowded, unpredictable environments didn’t mesh well so he’d be sitting this one out, but he’d been nice enough to wake up early and see them off in his pajamas.
But Tony kept hyperventilating, trying desperately hard to gulp down air that only brought on more panic and more coughing. A moment later he was doubled over, white petals flecked with blood spilling from his lips in a cascade as he tried and failed to get himself under control.
“It won’t work, Steve,” said Natasha. “If he sees Bruce there less than a week after sending Tony that video, that could be happenstance. But if
“But seriously, Steve,” said Tony when he felt like he could talk again. “When we joke about sex, we rob it of its power. We feel better about the fact that this embarrassing common experience makes so many of us do such stupid, stupid things. Except asexuals, who are more powerful than God but they have even more reason to laugh at the rest of us. Anyway, what’s the stupidest thing you ever did when you were thinking with your dick, huh Steve? Let’s rob it of some power.”
never going to let you live this down,” said Tony. “Second of all, cheer up, for all we know Thor is in a porno with Red Skull and Modok right now.”
He was halfway to his tenth favorite bar (Natasha could probably find him in bars 1–9, but he hadn’t visited this bar since he was barely out of MIT) when something caught his attention. He was in the area where they’d been fighting earlier. The cop cars were gone, but there was still a wide, taped-off area surrounding the John Lennon Memorial in Central Park, effectively closing it off to foot traffic and curious bystanders. There had been something niggling at the back of his mind since the fight: why here? If the Puppeteer wanted the maximum number of puppets or eyeballs, he could’ve sent the teenage puppet to Times Square or Grand Central Station or hell, any train during rush hour. The John Lennon memorial might be a tourist trap, but it wasn’t good for
Star Trek, specifically. Man, I wish Bruce was on the bridge, he knows this stuff backwards and forwards.
“Are the Avengers going to storm the building? Try to sue for it? Sandra! I’m serious about that Times interview, they’re going to want to know this!”
“How could we do that?” asked Thor, the wealthy Australian interloper. His eyes widened at his accent, then he added, “Blimey, am I supposed to be drunk?”
UPDATE: I had so much fun writing this chapter I expanded it into its own fic so the rest of the Avengers can tell their embarrassing sex stories too. Once you're done with this fic, check out
“You guys go get started, Cap and I need to talk in private about important Avengers business,” said Tony.
“Look, Steve, if we can’t hang out unless I keep it PG around you, I will try to figure out a way to do that. It will suck, and I will be less fun to be around, but I will do it. But I don’t think I’d be doing you any favors. I’m sure you’ve noticed by now that pretty much everything is a lot more explicit these days and if you want to spend the 21st century living in fifty shades of red that’s your prerogative, but personally I think it’d turn out better for both of us if you could stop doing your impression of a magenta crayon any time anyone says anything about sex.”
Steve knew that was bait, and he didn’t rise to it. Whatever was going on here it was at least ten layers deep into Tony’s personal issues, and Steve was sure Tony would like nothing better than to sidestep all of it and have a shouting match instead. Maybe if Steve was feeling spiteful he’d’ve given him one. But if they were going to succeed at what they were trying to do here, they needed to dismantle these landmines before they went off and hurt someone later.
Tony immediately became very preoccupied with wiping the grease off his hands with a nearby towel. Anybody who said Tony Stark was full of himself had clearly never met the man Steve had been getting to know over the past few years. Anything positive Tony thought of himself was more than merited, by Steve’s estimation, but whenever Steve tried to say anything to that effect, Tony always turned into some kind of shrinking violet. Steve wondered briefly if that had more to do with the messenger than the message, before he remembered that the time to wonder things like that was after the conversation he’d come down here to have: the one he’d promised to have in the elevator after Thor’s floor, and again around the tabletop game.
“Route all calls to my cell phone for the next month or so, J. I don’t need anybody getting an eyeful of this in a video call. And please tell me I own at least one hat.”
“Yeah, Tony’s on the West Coast doing some corporate bullshit. It’s all over the news. He didn’t tell you?”
“But that’s another thing - I don’t want any kids of mine locked away in a cage their whole lives for their own protection. And biologically, I don’t want to risk the serum giving any potential children five heads, so…”
“See, there’s a problem with that. If I stand up, Clint wins the game. It’s called Standy-Upsies-Liesy-Downsies. I’m submitting it to the Olympics next year. It’s gonna replace archery.”
I know it's not proper CYOA unless there's at least one option coming out of left field that leads to catastrophe, but I didn't want to mess up the simplicity of "You've got six possible hints, choose wisely." So just know that all throughout this chapter, Steve felt Bruce's hot sauce calling out to him like some kind of Eldritch abomination and decided any choice that weird and specific was probably bad news and he ignored it. And if you don't get that reference, go back to chapter ten, choose to take a break, and then choose to add hot sauce to your sandwich.
“You need to get your gas mask back on,” Tony said. “Since we have a weaponized love potion gas in the air.”
Actually Steve was pretty good at dancing. “I took a couple of lessons,” he confessed to Tony. “I didn’t want to --”
Tony half listened to Kamala telling him all about her theories. He watched the same short clip of Steve waving off Tarleton and heading to the reactor.
“Hmm.” Steve wasn’t sure if he was relieved or in a worse position because of the delay. Probably a mixture of both. He glanced up and saw that Fury was appraising him.
“I, um, mean --” Steve would rub the back of his neck, mumble a few words that sounded suspiciously like ‘get it together, Rogers,’ then he’d square his shoulders and aim his brightest, sunniest, most optimistic smile right at Tony. “I meant, on a date.”
He grinned as he watched Steve analyze and calculate the team’s chances. He adored Steve’s brilliant tactical mind, the little half-smile he always had on his face as he considered and weighed strategies. Just part of Steve’s charms.
“I get that too.” Natasha pulled out a few dollars from her wallet. “Coffee’s on me, kid. You got my number if you need it.”
Steve laid down on his bed, his body and brain tense from all the pressures around him. He knew how to calm uneasy horses and sew buttons on shirts and how to parry a sword. But this court intrigue and living a fake life was eating away at him. Not to mention the ever present fear of being caught out.
Peter looked up and watched Cole open and close his mouth twice as he almost burst into tears. “Take five everyone.” The students scattered and Mr. Steve sat down on the stage next to Cole, talking low and smiling. Cole took a deep breath and stood up. “I’m ready to try again,” he said.
“Tony, I don’t make promises I can’t keep. You are mine, I am yours and that’s the way it is. Come back here and we can sleep in more.”
Mr. Rogers might have been the ideal candidate for the job of Peter’s dad’s boyfriend. Everyone loved Mr. Rogers, except for one Mr. Tony Stark, who had constantly clashed with the man since he started working at the Midtown School of Science and Technology.
She wanted to shut down the memory and shove all the feelings that ‘us’ filled her with far, far away. There was no ‘us,’ no ‘Steve and Natasha,’ no ‘Natasha and Steve.’
“As he should be,” Steve replied. Diplomacy was not his strong suit, so he hoped his bluffing was working.
Peter had clearly missed whatever started the argument. Rhodey and Carol were standing in the kitchen doorway, clearly amused at what was going on.
“Mr. Rogers, I have a question about the paper,” she said. She dropped her books and bookbag on the desk, Peter followed suit and dropped his backpack next to hers.
Steve was waiting for him with coffee and a bagged lunch. “I though you could use something before class,” he said, handing the food over to Tony’s grabby hands.
“Yeah. Date. You, me. Not Saturday like you planned. Now. Maybe after a shower. I don’t think I smell too good right now.”
Tony pulled out his phone to finally see this viral video. The incident unfolded in a straightforward way. He watched an art expert point at a tiny watercolor painting hanging on the wall and declared that said watercolor could definitely be attributed to one Steve Rogers, a pre-war artist who had worked for the WPA just before the outbreak of WWII. The camera swung over to a stern Steve Rogers. Said Steve Rogers insistently disagreed. Art Expert stood his ground.
“Why do we have hardcopy newspapers?” Paper newspapers meant Steve, but Steve usually took his copy upstairs to do the puzzles in peace.
Tony woke up thinking about that thirty-first conversation with Steve. He thought about it as he broke the coffee machine. He thought about it as he walked back with coffee from the coffee shop. He thought about it when he opened up Sam’s report on Ultron.
Then again, don’t sign up for a secret military project as a test subject for a untested serum. Or enlist in a war where the enemy liked to experiment on captured prisoners. Steve had been captured, always managed to escape, but all it took was that one time.
Clint had disappeared into the club somewhere and failed to get the drinks to Tony’s table. Tony was left alone with his cell phone for company. He intellectually understood that the team was undercover. Even Peter had a part in the mission and Tony hadn’t spotted wherever he was.
Bruce and Logan had declined to come, for what were now clearly excellent reasons. Tony showed have stayed home. The thumping music threatened to cause a headache and all he could think about were the the R&D reports due soon.
Sara looked at Tony and discreetly rolled her eyes. A half hour into this couples’ date and Tony had no idea how they were going to make it as a group to the concert.
Then Steve felt sad because phone books don’t really exist any more so Tony couldn’t read from the phone book. Maybe Tony could read from one of those engineering standards books he was always complaining about. It didn’t matter what Tony read as long Steve was next to Tony, listening to his lovely, deep voice as Tony let Steve run his hand through Tony’s soft hair …
They were meeting Rhodey and Carol at Tony’s favorite restaurant. Tony muttered something about a big announcement they were going to make at dinner as they walked over. “Can’t be that big if Pepper isn’t here.”
The cat shook its head and yawned, revealing the white patch on its chest for which Steve called her Star. He reached out and the cat now allowed him to scritch her head. He earned some head bumps as a reward.
Tony fished for his pants with his foot. Steve grabbed his shoulder. “Stark, I’m a man of my word. I said I’d marry you and vowed to be your husband. I’m not walking away from that.”
Stopping to catch his breath, Tony then picked up his cellphone and said, “Hey, Rhodey. You’re home, great! I’m sending Pete over -- yeah, Happy will bring him.”
Peter glanced over at his dad, who had clearly noticed Mr. Steve and was trying to ignore the man. Mr. Steve hadn’t noticed Tony as he and his friend tossed the frisbee to the dog not far from Tony’s bench. Peter nodded to Ned and they moved a bit further away out of direct sight of Tony.
“Where did the rings come from?” Steve asked. Tony often baffled and surprised him, even more now that he’d mostly given up drinking. All he had to was ask about his workshop and next thing he’d know, he’d listened to Tony talk about steam engines for two hours straight. He’d never met anyone like Tony before or after Steve came to Timely.
“Brian is going to be stunning -- we’ll be best dressed dancers there.” Loki turned to Tony, “Car or motorcycle? Matching helmets?”
“A formality – I have clothes and uniforms here, my pile of books are next to my side of the bed, I was just asking for more closet space.”
The day of the prom and Jan was still trying to choose between a red dress and a yellow dress. “Natasha is wearing some red dress she picked off the rack -- so red isn’t a good idea.”
“He’s in his lab working on deciphering the AIM records to see if we can identify the gas,” Ororo explained. “All he’s found so far is that AIM was working on a pheromone spray.”
“I should leave then,” Steve said. Ironically, it seemed that knowing Tony’s secret was what was keeping him alive for now, at least until he reached the border and could flee.
Then both of them said “Obadiah” at the same time. Steve ran to the door, but Tony put his hand on his arm. “Wait, what’s your real name?”
As usual, the Avengers kitchen was busy with superheroes coming and going, grabbing coffee and bagels and bananas. Tony pondered whether or not he wanted a yogurt with his bagel. It had been a very late night again in the workshop. He should be in bed, not pouring himself coffee into that extra large Iron Man mug Steve had given him. He smiled at the mug. Thoughts of Steve always brightened Tony’s day.
After Fury left, Star let Steve pick her up for the first time as he sat at the table and reviewed his clothing options. Jarvis was in the process of remaking Steve’s wedding clothes. “Which do you think Tony would like?”
After Mr. Rogers left, Ned said to them, “Seriously, write from the heart? You know he's a tough grader.”
“Tony,” he said in that low, warm voice. Which never failed to send a little thrill down Tony’s spine. A few minutes ago, Tony would have chalked it up to Steve’s legendary status. But maybe -- maybe it was something else.
MJ had scoffed at him, saying things like “Your dad is perfectly capable of taking care of himself. He’s an adult.”
“It’s not a novelty act for me, you know, I love your art,” Tony said. “Not as much as I love the artist, though.”
He sat sobbing at his desk until his head ached and he ran out of tears and the handful of tissues were useless wads on the floor.
Tony brightened, like a huge weight had been lifted off his shoulders. He actually looked happier than the day the Timely folks had driven Fisk and his people out of town. He scrambled back on the bed and rolled over to Steve, where he belonged.
“I sure the hell know I’m not sharing a bed with Captain Canada.” Tony yawned and actually snuggled closer to Cap. Cap didn’t even move. “I’m guessing you’re from New York -- a trace of an accent.”
Through bleary eyes he looked at the emails -- all marked important -- from the Avengers PR team. Shit. He needed to care.
“Oh, wait. I just remembered I still have your tie,” Steve reached into the belt pocket for Tony’s tie.
Peter looked up to see Mr. Steve kissed Tony at the doorway. He wasn’t quite sure he was ready for the lovey-dovey stuff.
“It’s a palace -- everyone here already knows that the wedding has been delayed and likely for the real reasons.”
Once they became a couple, Tony earned the right to know what was going on with Steve, even if Steve wasn’t all that good at expressing it. He handed the pile over to Tony.
Steve turned to look at Tony, who was definitely not looking out the window. Tony giggled again. Steve reached out and twisted Tony’s tie in his gloved hand, pulling Tony close to him. He could feel Tony’s heated breath on his face.
He shimmied away from Steve, who immediately felt the cold space between them, a sudden gulf the size of the Atlantic Ocean Steve’s family had traveled over from Ireland.
It’d been five years and Bruce wasn’t much different. A bit more grey hair, thinner, same purple shirt, grey pants. Same asshole Tony swore at and nearly laid out cold after Bruce betrayed what was left of the Avengers. Before Tony had to scramble to save what he could from the flaming ashes of his life in the race of his life.
And Tony was smart, easily the smartest person Steve knew. He didn’t have to be objective at all about the person he loved. He could see Tony absorb and understand the medical information and data, even if he wasn’t a doctor.
Peter thought about it. Tony was stubborn -- he’d heard Rhodey point that out to him too many times. “I don’t think it’s going to work -- Dad just doesn’t like Mr. Steve for some reason and maybe it’s better to leave things alone.”
He knew the signs now. Tony would be sitting at the datacrux, sipping coffee or reading Sam’s report, and Steve, uncharacteristically nervous, would sidle up to the desk. This was a man who punched out dinosaurs without giving it a single thought. But big, beefy, and devastatingly handsome Steve would stand there, hemming and hawing until Tony said, “Steve, out with it. Are we being attacked by the Impossible Man again?”
Jan saw the doubt clearly on Tony’s face. “Well, yeah, a third couple would help. Open up the conversation, be less intense for Hank. Is Carol in town?”
“Wow, thanks, Steve,” Tony said. He’d been considering another slice but he thought it was long gone. The food had been another vague disappointment.
Steve fiddled with the blanket and looked at a spot at the end of the large bed. “I always imagined you’d ask in a more romantic way. Involving a dinner.”
“You will when the Masters of Evil crash that fancy wedding the wedding planner put together and we have to drop everything to arrest them. And we’ll be married during the whole fight.”
“Mr. Steve asking my dad out, not the other way around.” A light went off in Peter’s head. “Wait -- you’ve been plotting something too.”
Tony looked gorgeous in suits, especially the ones that emphasized his shoulders with the tailored pants that hugged his ass in a way that made Steve have thoughts that would land him in hot water with his friend. He really shouldn’t be thinking about whether he could bounce a quarter off Tony’s ass. Tony’s was perfect and tight and bouncy, and a quarter bounced off that wonderful ass would go into the stratosphere.
“Queen Maria made the decision. King Howard is not in a position to attend. She says that he will not be long delayed.”
Later that night, Steve sat on his bed, brushing Star and tickling her under her chin. “I don’t know what I’m going to do. I like it here -- the city has everything and I love the museums. The royal family has treated me well. And Tony --” Steve stopped, smiling as he thought of Tony. “Tony is amazing. It’s not just that he’s handsome, he’s brilliant.”
“What?” Peter asked, feigning innocence. He clutched his kitchen sponge tighter in his hand, squeezing out sudsy water that trickled down his arm.
At first Peter thought they all had struck out again until he saw his dad talking to Mr. Steve in front of a large painting that reminded him of a robot. His dad was waving in the direction of the painting and Mr. Steve was laughing.
Queen Maria smiled at Steve as he was seated next to her at the Welcome Tea Party. “I trust your journey was pleasant.”
“The artist has no evidence of other works in watercolors, and the artist himself says that he doesn’t work in watercolors and certainly did not paint that piece. Isn’t that enough to disprove attribution?”
Steve would be back to the mansion in no time, it was ridiculous that they even put him in ICU, knowing that he’d be out in less time than it took to fill out the paperwork.
Steve paused before opening the stairwell door to the next floor. Had Tony make some sort of pass at Steve? Was that a joke? Or a line?
“On a break -- Jane’s reconsidering if it’s a good idea to date a superhero.” Jan frowned. “Plus I don’t think Thor likes Hank right now.”
“Do you want to move in?” Tony replied. His breath hitched and pulse beat faster as that old fear that Steve would bail on him reared its ugly head. A lifetime full of disappointments and Steve’s workaholic tendencies had taught him to be wary.
“Whenever I can see one -- it’s been a long time since I traveled outside Triskelion, but when I do -- I always try to catch one.” Which meant that Steve had in fact been to exactly one play in his entire life when he had accompanied Brock on a mission to Frisco. But he had loved it.
Because it didn’t matter if he died or not. He’d still wake up in his own bed in the morning, completely fit and healthy without a broken neck.
Steve grumbled as he tugged and pulled his uniform back into place. Tony straightened his clothes and combed his hair back into place. Back to business Tony.
He opened the door and Tony breezed past him with a half-smile on his face. “Look, more gas clouds,” Tony said. “They almost look kind of festive.”
They headed to a stairwell to clear the next floor. “How long can you hold your breath?” Tony asked.
Sam gave an excellent tour and Steve genuinely enjoyed the man’s company. They walked from the royal family quarters to the galleries to the throne room to the spacious gardens. The whole palace was filled with light and flowers and art.
“Um, yeah,” Bruce stammered. He sighed and shifted from foot to foot. “Um, Kamala -- Kamala Khan --” he pointed to the girl next to him “-- found some information and --”
“Hello, I’m Lieutenant Sam -- I serve under Captain Rhodes of the Place guard -- I’ve been dispatched to escort you on a tour of the palace and grounds.”
“Ants told me too. Ants can be perceptive -- my recent research details communication styles -- let me tell you about my recent data --”
An explosion threw Steve off a building. Natasha saw a blue, white and red blur cartwheeling through the air. She scooped him up as she sped by. They had done this a thousand times before, nothing extraordinary.
Steve grabbed Tony’s hand and they headed right for the table. Tony leaned against the table, still scrambling to undo more of Steve’s uniform. Steve nimbly unbuckled Tony’s belt, and made short work of Tony’s fly, and reached into Tony’s pants --
He’s known Tony since they were both in their early twenties and, ten years later, they were more than friends. Tony said that they had a lifetime ahead of them.
Guess this is what happens when you’re old before your time, Tony thought. Was he ever as young as everyone else here? Even in the days before the arc reactor?
Steve was itching to get back to Timely. No telling what amount of trouble people were getting up to back home. And he wanted to lay in a supply of wood and coal for Tony before the fall set in and the cost of heating went up. Tony talked about stopping in Virginia City for a couple of days so he could look into tools and hardware that Pym didn’t stock on the regular.
Tony wanted to whack some sense into the man, but he had a sneaking suspicion that he’d get a face full of shield before he lifted his hand.
Stevet tugged him closer, letting Tony tuck his head into his shoulder. The idea of waking up to this every single morning warmed Tony from head to toe. Something they could build a life around.
Midway though lunch, Tony paused a moment, holding his fork laden with spaghetti as the thought hit him hard.
And, with that thought of Tony naked on Steve’s bed and winking at him, blood rushed to one part of Steve’s body and he was very glad that he was wearing his heavy uniform pants. Because as much he was finding his fantasy of Tony very compelling and fascinating, Steve didn’t want Tony to think less of him because of how he was feeling about Tony.
Steve kissed and whirled Tony around after Tony hit the ball out of bounds, winning them the match. Tony beamed brighter than the sun, happy and smiling, like he hadn’t stopped smiling since he reconciled with Steve. Peter could leave for Boston, knowing his dad was A-Okay and in good hands.
Tony was always so kind and thoughtful to Steve, an honest-to-god best friend and ally in this future world he’d woken up in. Steve perked up when Tony sat down with his own takeout in the chair next to Steve’s couch. Maybe Tony had the afternoon free? Steve wanted to go to the bookstore to pick up a book he’d ordered, then get some art supplies, and it would be more fun to have someone, specifically Tony, join him on his errands.
He hadn’t thought about Steve in over a year. Tony had finally managed to stuff all he thought about Steve down, everything that had ever passed between them, and the memory of Steve’s death into a spot in his brain. He locked up all the feelings and thoughts and memories and all the pain and threw away the key.
Alexander was not inclined to saddle his precious son with such a husband, even if it would be short time. He summoned all the young palace guards and servants and carefully inspected each and every one. He examined Steve closely, finally saying with a sigh that he had to settle for someone. Steve was passably attractive and had some wit, he supposed, and could read and write at least and was inoffensive enough to not raise the suspicions of the Malibu court.
He was in no position to complain. The suite of rooms -- bedroom, sitting room, dressing room, and balcony -- were spacious and beautifully furnished with the latest in fashionable furniture and fabrics. The large windows and balcony overlooked the interior gardens of the palace. Servants had already unpacked and put away what little he had, like the old wooden watercolor set placed on a table and his few books in the bookcase.
“Look at what I got you.” He waved a small stuffed mouse at Star, who deigned to turn her head toward Steve. Steve smiled.
Peter had to study for his upcoming AP exams. He knew his dad had come back from the date because of the noise from the living room. He didn’t notice the time because he was thick into reading calculus formulas.
Fury didn’t scare Steve after his morning with Obadiah. He noticed that Star was now perched at the end of his bed, listening intently to Fury.
Tony put away his phone. “Yeah, um, I’ll tell you later about this time loop thing. Have you ever seen Groundhog Day? Never mind, it’s not a big deal.”
Peter blurted out, “Cap-had-a-public-fight-with-an-art-expert-at-an-exhibit-someone-video’ed-on-their-phone-and-”
They were the first to get to Club A but not the last. Bucky arrived with the Guardians and they played for the gathering students. The robots kept the pizzas, wings and burgers coming. Jan, now in a minidress flitted about taking selfies with everyone. Thor was enthusiastically hugging Loki.
Tony nodded sagely. “Yes, it’s all in the way that you see it.” He was silent for a few minutes. “Okay, let’s call it a night. We’ll inform Reed and SHIELD about AIM’s fascinating new business plans in the morning. I’ll call in Damage Control to fix the labs. So, cutting everyone loose. Shoo. Go. Except Steve.”
And Peter had noticed that Tony had a faraway, sad look on his face when Peter talked about going to college. The idea of his dad being lonely and missing people gnawed at Peter. Recently his dad was making far too many jokes about visiting Peter at college on the weekends and Peter didn’t want his dad moving into his dorm room.
Steve felt the tension loosen in his back and stomach. He believed in Tony and he wasn’t about to stop.
Steve put the book away and looked thoughtfully at his now empty coffee mug. He wanted more but that would mean getting up and going to the kitchen. He’d see that it’d been barely thirty minutes since he sat down to wait for Tony. Who didn’t know that Steve was waiting for him.
Steve grimaced. He looked up towards a street light, as his innate politeness warred with his desire to escape.
“True, if both parties are honest and have a meeting of the minds. This delay in the wedding is not an insult.”
The shot of air from Steve leaning back into the chair blew some of the printouts off the table and Steve had to get up and retrieve them. No one except for Tony should see them. He could have emailed the pile to Tony; Tony would have preferred that. But Steve needed the tangibility offered by paper, to see Tony’s face as he read the information.
Mr. Steve and Tony argued about movies, sports, television shows, messenger bags, fountain pens, and kitchen sponges. That argument happened in the Decathlon carpool and all MJ had to do was say ‘sponge’ and Peter would break out in a full body shudder.
But Cap smiled at him, a warm, inviting smile that was completely human, not Special Ops super soldier, making Tony’s hardened black heart flutter a bit. “You know my birthday, possibly where I came from. I’ll give you another hint.”
Steve kissed his cheek. “We don’t have to rush back, you know. We can take our time, as long as we pay Gass.”
Steve blinked a couple of times, his headache still throbbing and his arm feeling pins and needles from Tony’s weight. He hadn’t thought of that. “That’s the solution.” He curled his fingers in Tony’s soft hair.
“I take back what I said about you being unromantic. You’re such a true romantic, through and through.”
“You know me -- I’ve dealt with all sorts of inexperienced, bull-headed explorers who won’t listen. Watched a lot of them die. You -- you’re not incompetent.”
“Mom -- whose opinion is the only one that matters -- Fury, Natasha, Rhodey, Sam, and Jarvis -- his opinion matters right after Mom’s. Lots of people -- you’re nice to everyone, even to the stray cat who visited you.”
“This doesn’t say anything decisive. Some SHIELD scientist reads something from the 40s and finds Steve Rogers is involved doesn’t lead to you being immortal.” Tony shuffled the papers together and put them on the floor. “It’s a bunch of data.”
Tony had hated the man right on the spot when they met at a Parent-Teacher Night last year. Peter hadn’t been there for the argument, but he was there when Tony burst through their apartment door, ranting about that idiot art teacher who just did. not. get. physics. Tony would not shut up for three days, complaining that the school had no standards if they hired such a stupid, sanctimonous shithead as Rogers.
Tony let Steve into the apartment, both of them now reduced to throwing lame accusations at each other, both exhausted from the fight.
“Sorry,” Tony mumbled. “You know, it’s just -- this.” He held up a hunk of something he grabbed form the table.
In response, Tony tugged at what he thought was the man’s tights. Turned out to be some sort of thin leather. “Come on, you know we’ll both freeze without warmth.”
Carol went up a notch in Tony’s estimation. Her email about the SWORD assignment came in two days ago. The timing couldn’t have been coincidental. Plus, he hadn’t been Jan’s first choice, which was somewhat comforting. Tony had always been more Jan’s friend. “How about Thor and Jane?”
Peter wanted to snap at her because there was no way his dad, who was perfect and terrific and all the good things, would have done anything to Mr. Steve.
“Indeed. We have a short time -- please, go into the washroom, your Highness,” Jarvis directed. “Give me the clothes once there.”
“Ah, they’ll try anything.” Tony paused momentarily. He leaned towards Steve. “Sweetheart, it will be fine. You could be immortal, you might not be immortal. Whatever it, we’ll cross that bridge when we get to it.”
They had lied to Steve about Malibu, calling it a backwards place with ditches for sewers. But on any given night, Steve could look out over the city filled with lights, music and happy people.
“Right,” Steve replied. Tony was incredibly smart, very smart. He could listen to Tony talk all day about the properties of gasses. Tony might even let Steve draw him as he talked. Steve could look at the drawing and remember how wonderfully smart Tony was as he explained gasses to Steve. Then Tony might go out to dinner with Steve, and Steve could hold his hand, rub circles into his skin as Tony talked more about gas and science and really, anything, because Steve would listen all day and all night long to Tony reading a phone book.
The man with Mr. Steve glanced over at the bench, then when Mr. Steve was petting the dog, whipped his frisbee into the bushes. Ned exchanged a surprised look with Peter, who shrugged. The dog looked confused at both Mr. Steve and his friend. He sniffed around the ground, then made a beeline right to Peter’s frisbee.
In the morning the cat returned, and Steve tried to lure the cat off the balcony by offering bits of his breakfast. Either the cat didn’t trust Steve or didn’t like the sausage. It was possible it was both. Steve liked cats and had hopes of making friends eventually.
Natasha knew people like Steve or what Steve was on paper. At the point in her life when she’d met Steve, Natasha was not impressed at all with the parade of men in her life -- the sons of the powerful Howard hobnobbed with, the special ops soldiers, the politicians, the lawyers, the venture capitalists and money men, that club bouncer from back in her early 20s.
“Well, that Rogers was all sorts of cute and buff,” Carol said. Rhodey shot her a look. “Well, he was.”
“Isn’t the whole Cap squad wearing red or something red?” Loki asked. He was dressed in his Asgardian finest, all gold and green and shiny.
Steve sputtered. “We were being filmed for a show. This art expert -- Fergus or something -- authenticates art that people find in their garages or attics and they sell the pieces at auction. The producer wanted a surprise.” Steve set a steely-eyed gaze on Tony. “I was set up.”
Everything weighing him down seeped away, leaving Tony only happy and euphoric. Swept up by the raucous crowd around them, Tony tried to rub the digits off Steve’s arms. They locked eyes, Tony easily falling into Steve’s brilliant eyes. Steve bent towards him, Tony tipped his face expectantly. They kissed. And kissed again, tangled up in each other and free to be just Tony and just Steve, young men falling in love with their best friend in a crowded club.
Tony stood up and walked over to the side of Steve’s chair. He reached down and gently pulled Steve’s head and shoulder against his leg. “Shush your overactive brain. Knowing you, you’ve been thinking about this for hours.”
He knew that his dad was sadder than he’d been before. Tony was distracted and cranky at home, which he never was. He managed to avoid going anywhere near Peter’s school. And he didn’t invite any of his friends over either. Peter hadn’t ever gone more than a week not seeing Uncle Rhodey before. Tony also spent more time at work, telling Peter he’d be working at the lab.
“Steve, Sir,” Steve replied. “I was one of Alexander’s guards.” Rhodey mouthed to Tony, ‘I told you.’
“This expert --” Steve spat out ‘expert’ in the same tone he used for Zemo and the Yankees. “This expert said that I did this watercolor and I didn’t. He didn’t believe me.”
By the time Peter emerged from his room with the phone, Tony and Mr. Rogers were having some sort of staring contest at the front door. “I guess they’ll let people just teach anything these days,” Tony snapped.
Besides nursing his massive crush on Tony and dodging the suspicions of Fury who turned out to be Howard’s spymaster, Steve had done fairly well at pretending to be Brock over the past month. At times he could almost forget he was there as a spy.
So Tony turned over Steve’s question in his mind, considered all the other possible meanings of Steve’s very straightforward answer until he could only find one meaning and finally replied with all the seriousness and weight that such a comment deserved. “Sure, sounds good. What time?”
Said Pete was still shaking a bit from the adrenaline coursing through his body from submitting his early action application. He leaned back in his chair and yelled back, “Food!”
She sat down next to Peter on the deck. He was watching his Dad, Steve and Sam play volleyball against Rhodey, Carol and Pepper. “We did good,” she said, clinking her soda bottle to his. “Touch and go, but it worked out.”
“So much for the new helmet,” Tony complained. “Contrary to my design, the lighter metal is not better after all.”
Peter continued, “Kitty’s okay. But now have a mess on our hands.” He had pulled his mask over his face, but was still in a t-shirt and jeans.
flattered for the last couple of times. He was flattered, excited, and thrilled, not to mention being completely and utterly scared out of his ever lovin’ mind that Steve of all people had romantic thoughts towards him, Anthony Edward Stark.
Once they were on the sidewalk, Tony realized how early it was. Plenty of night ahead of them. Plans were rapidly forming in his mind.
Natasha didn’t reply to Peter’s texts the next day. And in school, Peter noticed that Mr. Steve seemed distracted during Academic Decathlon practice. Out in the hallway, he overheard one of the girls say to another, “Whoever broke Mr. Rogers’ heart is an asshole.”
Steve had a story for each of the pieces he said he had done. Rosalind smiled and guided Steve back to talk about the pieces he ignored. Steve had no problem saying that he hadn’t done them -- one clearly had to be a forgery because he wasn’t drawing anything when fighting Nazis in the Ardennes.
Steve put his arm around Tony and hugged him. “No, that’s giving me too much credit. I researched possibilities, in case they came up. Be prepared.”
Peter deflated. He had timelines and he’d have to abandon the plan if nothing happened by February. Now Uncle Rhodey knew. “What about it?”
Steve slid an arm around Tony’s waist to draw him close. “Home is where I hang my shield. A nail in the wall, a nightstand, and one side of the closet, and we’re all set.”
One student began shaking from speaking in front of the group. “Okay, Cole, take a minute,” Mr. Steve said. “This is practice.”
A cloud passed over Maria’s face and she smiled tightly. “Soon. He is busy with his own arrangements for the wedding. He had hoped to attend, but as you know, private business does take time.”
Peter hadn’t seen his dad this happy in a very long time. He smiled and joked with Mr. Steve during breakfast.
He wasn’t really that adorable, in all honesty, when he got all angry and stubborn and ranty. Except when he wrinkled his nose in a way that softened Natasha’s heart. Damn, she loved teasing him when he got all stubborn and bullheaded.
“Gee, thanks, now I can look at all the Americans born on that date to find out who you really are.”
“But wait, what were you thinking just now?” Tony asked. “You know, when it looked like you were --”
All the bits and bobs Steve left behind. A sea shell from Hawaii.  A charcoal drawing of Tony in the armor, unused tickets to a car show. A flattened penny, a key, a broken Rolex watch. The dog tags Steve had slipped over Tony’s head. A picture of Steve shirtless in bed, an arm thrown over his eyes, a smile on his lips, a glimpse of the ocean through the window.
Not that he was jealous. But seriously, he could easily come up with methods to ruin the people who dared to marr Steve’s perfection with digits in a couple of a minutes. Seconds, make that seconds.
“The art world is a funny thing. Maybe they think you’re forging your own work in your free time or something.”
Steve’s pieces were arranged, unlabeled, on easels and on the large conference room table. Reproduction pieces from his pre-war years to the large pen-and-ink drawing he made to hang in their bedroom when Steve moved in with Tony.
They sat drinking the snow water, watching the fire flicker in the stove grate. “Does it matter?” Cap asked.
Steve sat up a little straighter so Tony could curl into his side. They could see the snow coming down in thick white flakes, the sort of snow that promised many inches, school closures and miserable fighting conditions. The Avengers had been more than generous to let the newly engaged couple sleep in.
“Hank is a good person. I wish people would just give him a chance. Reed and Sue? Johnny and that model who’s been in the paper -- Shauna or Amber, what is her name ...”
Tony puffed up some. “I’ve been inventing since I could walk. I made the palace summon system, for one thing.”
Steve finally arrived. He looked a little torn up. He brushed his hair back into place in the Tower foyer mirror and wiped the dirt off his pants. “Um, I had to fight a couple of AIM agents on my way here.” He put down the boutonniere box on a side table, the small arrangement barely surviving Steve’s fight.
Steve was undeniably gorgeous, right here in Club A. Among their friends playing pool, listening to the band, laughing and dancing.
The final conference room had a spectacular view of the New York skyline. Steve had some sudden intriguing thoughts about Tony and that large conference table. Love potion, love potion, right. This is not real.
And Tony -- Tony glowed and laughed. He’d had his share of the moonshine as well -- not as much as in his dark drinking days from TImely -- but enough to be tipsy and blushing as he took his rightful place next to Steve in front of the Jesuit priest with a beaten up bible and a collection of strangers as their witnesses in the large parlor in Gass’ ranch house. Then Steve actually turned red as he recalled slivers of the wedding night activities in which he and Tony enthusiastically celebrated their new union.
When he got up in the middle of the night, he found his dad quietly sitting in the dark, just looking out the living room window. “Is everything okay, Dad?”
King Alexander had made it clear to Steve that he needed to marry Prince Tony or else Steve’s mother and friends would be publicly executed in terrible ways. The son of the palace laundress and a palace guard until two weeks ago, Steve had been given a crash course in being a prince. Alexander had no intention of sending his only son Brock to marry Prince Tony of Malibu.
Then Alexander showed him the dank prison cells in the depths of the dungeons ready for his mother and Bucky if he refused or ran away. So, grudgingly, Steve was measured for royal clothes, given lessons on manners, and sent away to Malibu with his instructions to marry the Malibu heir.
Tony should have never agreed to this extremely top secret mission on the border of FInland and Sweden. But the Army needed his expertise in mapping and traveling through dangerous areas. They gave him the best protection they could offer, Captain America himself.
Now Steve was tracing a figure into the floor with one hand and flexing the fingers on one hand. Tony was baffled -- Steve was never less than confident about anything. “Going to the prom?”
“If you can spare your old dad some time, want to join me for some Antonio’s?” Tony said, waving a delivery bag in the door frame.
Steve memorized the path back to his room from the stables. Now that he was settled a bit, he needed to map out escape routes for when he would need them.
Tony silently groaned. Any other time he’d be super happy to see Steve but right now, he just was not up for Captain Cheerful and Handsome. Tony was dirty, tired, and less than his usual dazzling self.
Tony’s subsequent sigh was deep enough to rival whale songs. With Greer egging her on, Ororo delicately ran her hand through Steve’s hair to apply blue chalk and glitter.
The Rave Crew liked to taunt them about being too old to be cool. Ororo laughed it off, Steve ignored it.
“We’d heard after the betrothal that Brock of Triskelion was ignorant, a bully, poor at diplomacy and everything that this kingdom does not stand for. And yet, you are different.”
Steve had not been given any attendants. Alexander cared even less about the difficulties he’d placed Steve in than he did about the Kingdom of Malibu. He then told another of a series of lies, dying inside as he spoke. “My attendants are delayed. Their carriage had a broken axle, but I did not wish to delay my arrival to wait for the repair.”
They had been a collective disappointment, made worse when Howard pushed a chosen one in her direction, desperate for Natasha to be the model daughter he’d hoped for. Natasha might have been born with Maria’s manners and sensitivity, but she was Howard’s daughter in the ways that really counted.
Tony was calibrating the infrared spectrograph in the lab for Pym. At least this was interesting, as opposed to the hand-to-hand combat training Ares put him through earlier and then the session at Steve’s stupid obstacle course. He had a new set of bruises and sand in places he didn’t know he could get sand.
“What. Is. Going. On?” he asked, fixing a grumpy eye on both Jan and Peter wriggling guiltily in their seats.
Tony sighed when he saw the narrow bed wedged against a wall. Cap opened the two cabinets near a wash basin and stove. “Nothing in the cabinets,” he reported.
Tony had enough time to put sausages on the outside grill and crank up the stereo to pretend he hadn’t seen them. Like the echoes of the drawbridge slamming into place wouldn’t have given him any warning after the security cameras.
He flipped over the paper on his clipboard and nibbled on the end of his pencil as he went over the calibration checklist. Jan had texted him about meeting her at the Big Cheese to grab some slices and listen to Loki fret over what he was going to wear to the prom.
Fury replied grimly, “I’ll handle that. This business is better handled undercover.” He turned to Steve and asked, “What is your name, anyway?”
Cap wedged the shield against the door frame, digging the edge of the shield into the wood. “That should hold.” He looked thoughtful. “The wood pile should be a few paces to the right of the cabin.”
“Right.” Tony suspected that passing on the Maria Stark Foundation Board of Trustees executive meeting to hire a new director might have been the wiser course of action. But then again, Steve didn’t need a chaperone to events, unlike some people Tony could mention. Like Logan.
The Fantastic Four were in the Negative Zone, as they always were during a crisis. Doctor Strange was on vacation of all things. The Spider kid was not going to be helpful in this, at all.
Tony and Steve threw Peter the best graduation party. They rented a place on the beach for the weekend a couple of weeks after graduation and invited everyone they knew. Natasha showed up with her boyfriend, Bucky. Tony was shocked to find out that she knew Steve, but forgave her immediately when she handed him his favorite cheesecake.
Steve didn’t like Obadiah any better after breakfast. It wasn’t the barbs about Steve’s unsuitability as the Prince’s consort or that he was likely a spy for Triskelion. Obadiah was objectively correct on those points. But Steve had picked up on a subtle contempt for Howard and the royal family and an unmerited dismissiveness towards Prince Tony.
He scooped up Star -- no, no, Tony -- and hustled him out of the library and up to his room. He told Ana to cancel all of his appointments that day since he felt ill. He sat reading in bed as Tony curled up against his leg.
Steve jumped and looked to his right. The actress who’d played Dr. Frankenfurter was in jeans and a tee shirt now, but she still had her makeup on, and she was leaning over the seat next to him with her elbows propped on top of it. She was a bit older than most of the cast, and was definitely one of the more talented performers of the bunch.
“Strange said it’s only the Avenger’s suites,” said Natasha, clearly mulling over her mental map of the suites in her mind, “Probably doesn’t include medical, since there’s 100 floors of offices between us and them, so… the Hulk containment floor and the common room are all that are left.”
UPDATE: Wow, that's the fastest I've ever gotten 5 comments on anything. Final update for Nat's floor tomorrow! If you're coming here now, in the spirit of mid-aughts terrible fanfiction, please don't neglect to do your bit and leave a gud reviow.
“Are all ace jokes off the table or just that one? I can think of a few I wouldn’t mind dying in my sleep for,” said Tony, as he led everyone away from the common room and toward the elevator bank.
Two days and one rush costume order later, Steve was waiting in the common room wearing fake glasses, grey slacks and a brown jacket, and feeling like he was going to hurl. He’d caught up a bit on what he was in for - according to the internet,
You feel the corner of your mouth turn up into a smile as you look out across the table with fondness. After stopping on everyone’s floors just in case someone can see an obvious candidate for the artifact that no one else can (which had meant concomitant magic costume changes on every floor this time, much to Tony and Clint's delight when they all found themselves wearing pancake goth makeup on Natasha’s floor) you’d all decided to regroup on Bruce’s floor to discuss next steps, with you driving as the team leader. But the moment you’d all sat down around the table, everyone started chatting at once. It was as if everyone sensed this would be the last break they'd get before seeing this through to the end, and they were going to take full advantage while it lasted. At the moment, Clint and Natasha are ranking tower floors based on which would be the best in bed if they became anthropomorphic (“We used to date, Clint, I know
I had some really beautiful code that would remove options you'd already selected, and then AO3 was like, "lol, nope." So instead I'll say here that there's no point in choosing the same Avenger twice, you'll just get the same blurb. And, just like last time, remember to scroll down.
“I’ll go,” said Steve, standing up. “JARVIS, find a therapist that specializes in Hanahaki, pay whatever it takes to get them to come as soon as possible. Take it out of my account.”
Tony hesitated, then said, “Do you really think you’re a better person because you spend time with me?”
After an almost interminable pause, Steve said, “Tony, if you want to be friends, I can be your friend too.”
“Tony, if there is one thing I’ve learned from hanging out with you it’s that spending time with the advanced and unfamiliar leaves you a better person on the other side. So suck it up, swallow your pride, and let’s go watch some damn slam poetry.”
“Just until the delivery guy gets here with a better one,” muttered Tony. He tried to shovel his eggs down faster, but he was startled by Bruce’s hand covering his.
She turns to you, her eyes sparkling with tears and starlight and firelight, and says, “How do you put it behind you? That decision you made that started all of this, putting hot sauce on your sandwich, how can you—”
Steve hesitated, but he must’ve heard someone in his earpiece because he went quiet, then said, “Stay inside the suit,” before he ran off back to the fight.
to figure out how to get along, because we were working so closely together. And without that time spent together, I’d probably still hate your guts. Now if you could just spend some time with Steve—”
“Tempting as it is to say ‘show me,’ I speak from experience when I say no-kiss-sex is less fun than it sounds and your chap stick won’t wear off completely for another couple of hours,” said Tony. “Instead, what would you say to actually cooking this dinner, then cuddling on the couch while we watch
“Let’s pretend it’s not magic for a second. Let’s say it’s something else proximity-based, like a bomb,” says Tony. “And it’s a really powerful bomb, but you want to be extra sure that it reaches all the floors of our part of the tower. Where do you put it?”
You’re fully aware Nat’s story is probably bullshit, but even the slightest possibility of seeing a weird bug is enough to tempt you to enter the elevator and see for yourself.
Oh but I can. You see, I originally came here to kill two bilgesnipes with one arrow. First, I had a score to settle with a traitorous old flame of mine, and I’m pleased to say I’ve done that. Thank you, Thor. Not only do you make a wonderful pasta puttanesca...
“Ten minutes, Tony!” said Pepper, her eyes flashing with anger as she straightened his hat. “Ten minutes on how much we’ve improved our offering of MREs and then I will swoop in and rescue you. All you have to do is choke down some samples to sell how good they are and not punch anybody or blow anything up. Can you do that for ten minutes, Tony? For me? Can you do that for ten minutes for me?”
so they could buy the cheapest seats at Ebbets Field, and it had been a memory he’d cherish for the rest of his life. And now, all these years later, here he was at Citifield in his Dodgers gear, getting ready to do it all again with his new favorite person in the world.
Natasha, Bruce and Steve all raised their hands. Tony continued to mutter to himself as he rearranged things on a tablet at the head of the room.
He plodded over to the lab’s bathroom and re-examined the damage to his hair. The second fire had taken out another patch of hair, plus a noticeable chunk of his left eyebrow. Perfect. He glanced at the drawer that contained his body hair clippers and briefly considered just shaving the rest off off. He squinted at the now bald half of his head to try and get an idea of what it would look like, and realized with revulsion that he’d look like Obie. Yeah, that wasn’t going to happen.
“Can somebody else go out first next time? I think I’ve had my fill of driving,” Bruce said uncomfortably.
“I was going to say ‘really easy to get wrapped up in’, but delightful also works,” said Bruce. Then he added, “Also, the spell’s changing our clothes now. Add that to the fact that all of us were just rhyming for sixteen stanzas and I think we’ve confirmed the ‘spell’s getting stronger’ hypothesis.”
JARVIS raised the blinds enough to let in some of the early morning light, and Steve blushed. Tony could really play him like a fiddle.
“Sure are. Same combination, you were right,” Steve as he grabbed the thick stack of documents inside the safe, then opened the window, triggering the alarm. A moment later he was grasping Thor’s shoulder and saying, “Let’s get out of here.”
“Hey Cap, if we make it all the way down to Tony’s floor and none of us spot the artifact, what’s our next move?” said Clint.
The spell is getting stronger. It’s like there’s a current to it now, guiding our actions, pulling us along if we’re not careful.
“I’m alright! Jarvis, talk to me, tell me what’s going on,” said Tony as he tried and failed to lift his arms, leg, head. The motor control mechanisms were clearly busted, but if he could just access Jarvis, he could probably get them rerouted and get back into the fight. But of course, he couldn’t reach Jarvis at all. Which was just fucking fantastic. Two seconds into the fight and the suit was completely offline.
“Really? Ow! Yeah, of course,” says Steve. “Anyway, we didn’t want to bug you with details since you’re busy in the lab, but would you mind coming up to the party for a little bit, just to make an appearance?”
And then there you were, proving him right. And it— I had to try to prove him wrong. Which meant turning into Howard again: ignoring anything that contradicted my own little pet reality. We weren’t friends because of my bullshit, not yours.”
“JARVIS, take me to the lab. The second I get inside, unlock the liquor cabinet and lock down the floor. And if anyone tries to call in, tell them I can’t be disturbed.”
“I’ll have to check it out,” said Steve, who must’ve really been paying attention, because he turned his head back towards the cream-colored, circular building they were in line for and his eyes went wide when he took it in.
, Maria.’ Any time either of us called him on his bullshit. Any time mom cried. Because if there was one immutable fact of the universe it was that Howard Stark was right about literally everything, and everyone around him needed to put away their hurt feelings and accept it.”
“It’s adorable that you think rich people go to jail,” said Tony. “Justin’s lawyers made sure Vanko took the fall for everything that happened and Justin came away with clean hands, which he immediately dirtied again moving Hammertech deeper into the weapons industry. Rumor has it he’s selling to the Sokovian mafia, Hydra cells, a couple of dictators… Homeland Security’s been digging quietly for a few years now and can’t find anything hard enough to stick. But believe it or not, that’s not what this meeting’s about.”
“Oh my God, Tony, your bots are in love!” said Clint, pressing his hands to his face as a broad grin spread from ear to ear.
Steve did, and he could practically feel the hologram moving her hand to the side of his neck as he heard her say, “And maybe when we’re finished talking about that event, we can talk about some… other things too.”
“I know you won’t forgive me, Tony,” said Steve. “I’ve read the accounts of the people who… who survived what I’m about to do, and none of them talk about forgiveness.”
It was after the game, and they were in the car back to the tower, which was considerably more comfortable now it was just the two of them in it.
Suddenly there was a thunk on the top side of the suit, as if something heavy were being laid on top of it.
“Well, you brought a date, and she started flirting with me and pressing up against me. It was really uncomfortable.”
Tony noticed first. And after a small hesitation, he put his hand over where Steve’s was resting on his lap and squeezed. Steve looked at Tony, and the expression was sympathetic and warm. And frankly Steve didn’t care if someone looked right then and got the wrong idea because it was exactly what he needed.
“I can see I’m wasting my time here,” said Steve as he stood up to leave. “I just want you to remember, in the end, that you had the chance to handle this quietly and fairly, and you turned it down.”
The final page starts with a panel of Steve somewhat resisting, and Tony making a dubious face. Steve: "Wait, it'll be back to normal in--" Tony: "Do you really want to risk a live tv broadcast of what we're about to do?". Tony's back in the elevator and Steve's being pulled into it. Steve: "I need to move floors." Tony: "Come stay on mine. Plenty of room." The elevator doors close on them with a ding, but Steve's speech bubble sticks out saying "Oh. Um... Alright. Thank you, Tony." The final panel just says "The End."
“Where is this bad boy streak coming from? I mean it’s pretty hot so I’m not complaining, but you don’t” said Tony.
“Alright, you go on over and get Ethiopian. I need to keep this break short. I’ve got a lot of work to do before I call it a day, and I don’t want to go too far or take too long.”
“Damn it!” said Steve as he scrambled to his feet and managed to block another magic blast. “We’re wasting time here.”
When I went to zappedbysnow with the idea for the comic epilogue on this story I knew she'd bang out something amazing, and BOY did she deliver (seriously, the melted shield? The puppets?? If you never see any more fics from me, you'll know it's because I combusted with excitement). Check out her other amazing work on her
“This is your final warning, Mr. Stark. I’m going to need you to stand up, put your hands over your head, and come with me.”
, thought Tony, but he said, “Got a time machine somewhere around your suite? Wait, I take it back. I don’t want to relive this day even to make it better. I just want to pretend none of it ever happened.”
Then Cap walked off back into the chaos of reporters and Puppeteer victims and police to go do what he did best. Because the world always seemed to need Steve more than Tony did, and Steve, the consummate superhero that he was, always went where he was needed most. It was why Pepper had split up with Tony, and it was a big part of why Tony loved Steve almost from the moment they’d met.
“Therapy, Tony,” said Clint in a voice that was almost dangerous. “You’re going. I will drag you there myself if I have to, and then Bruce will get the other guy to sit on you while you’re there to make you stay. Because you are a pain in all of our asses, Tony, but more importantly, you are our friend. We are not going to let some bullshit daddy issues feeding your self-doubt take your
“The list said ‘bring a sketchpad,’ remember? What do you think it was for, a fancy hat?” said Steve, regretting the anger that was already starting to seep back into his voice.
“It’s your protocol we’re following sir,” said José. “You said if anything so much as hiccupped within the vicinity of the vault, to alert you right away.”
“YOU CANNOT DEFEAT ME!” bellowed Thor as he stomped on the lightning-scorched earth around him. “I AM THOR, SON OF ODIN, LORD OF THUNDER, AND I SHALL NOT BE BESTED BY A STICK!”
Fight-friend Nat immediately runs for the hallway. You hear the other fight-friends shouting behind you but don’t pay any attention to what they’re saying. Nat gets to the end of the hallway, where there’s a small room with the doors already open. Nat runs inside, and you dive in after her.
Tony and Steve immediately stiffened and looked around the elevator for insects. Nat just smiled, shook her head, and said, “Let’s see if I can give you the short version.”
Afterward, Clint went off to sign with his Deaf friends and Steve knew they wouldn’t be extracting him for a good long while, so he and Tony said goodbye and headed out. Tony called his driver and told him to meet them a couple of avenues over, so they could stretch their legs after sitting so long and take in the evening a bit before heading back.
“Alright, Mother’s Day this year, we’ll visit them both,” said Tony. “And now you know what my plans were I’m not telling you which of these I’m proposing at. Got to keep you on your toes. Also because I really doubt I can wait till Mother’s Day. The only reason I haven’t proposed already is because Pepper’s got your ring in a safe somewhere to stop me from doing it.”
Steve looked at Tony, who was staring hard straight ahead. Tony looked like he was willing the tenseness in his posture away inch by inch, until he could finally say, “That was his favorite line. ‘Oh, did I
“Remember how I said Hammer uses StarkTech on the things that matter?” said Tony with a grin. “Well, lucky us, he doesn’t seem to think backup power is something that matters. Which
They went on like that in silence for a bit, with Natasha practicing on the bag and Steve holding it in place. About 20 minutes later, Steve went to go sit on the side of the boxing ring in the center of the training floor. Natasha grabbed a sports drink and sat next to him.
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
Chapter 10 was a bit unfairly short, I had chapter 11 finished already, so I thought I'd drop this one too.
“I know what I said, Tony. And I really wish I could let it go, because I see the logic in what you’re saying. But I can’t, Tony,” said Steve.
“Start with this morning. What happened after you got out of bed?” said Steve, trying to be helpful.
As the security guard dialed up Hammer’s office and people around the lobby took very un-subtle pictures of Captain America in the lobby of Hammertech with their camera phones, no one noticed Natasha Romanov, dressed as an office worker, slipping through the gate with a stolen key card, moving quickly to get to her next position.
Clint buckled the helmet under his chin and picked up the shield. He was a little less broad than Steve, and his chin was more rounded, but with the helmet and the similar build, you’d have to look hard to see he wasn’t who he said he was.
“Yes?” said Steve who was clearly confused as to why they weren’t still kissing. “I— I thought I’d be kissing you, and I um… prepared.”
Very big of you to let Tony have his way back there. And wise to get Steve to watch him. In a whorehouse. I’m sure that won’t dredge up any suppressed emotions.
It makes your boundary feel more like a fact of the universe and it helps the other party feel like they're saving face by giving them a direction for the conversation to go.
Then Tony heard something. Somewhere far away down the sewer, there was a rhythmic beat. As it became less faint, Tony realized it was music. Which led to several other realizations in quick succession:
- English, barely - Natasha Romanov, Steve Rogers, Tony Stark, Loki, Nick Fury - Chapters: 5 - Words: 2015- Reviews: 17 - Favs: 1 - Follows: 7 - Updated: March 23, 2005 - Published: March 19, 2005 - Status: Incomplete - id: 1029802
“Yeah, I knew the ducks would get you, big guy,” says Tony, as he flies over next to you, then sits down with you.
Tony wasn’t sure he’d be able to keep back a panic attack if he had to walk Steve all the way to the hospital floor, but luckily they ran into Bruce a few steps outside the lab.
God dammit, why am I a smith? Why couldn’t I be an eccentric inventor with a giant mechanical spider?
they were friends now. And Steve crying in front of Tony at the poetry slam meant they were technically even. Anyway, they’d hung out enough to get to somewhere that was comfortable, where there was mutual respect and safety instead of animus and possible danger. And Tony knew now that even if one of them started acting like an idiot again (like by throwing a hissy fit over a musical about cats), they’d built up enough trust that they could work their way back to that equilibrium.
“That’s rule number three. Rule number one is ‘They always forget to look up’,” said Natasha, as she pressed the button for the roof.
“No, but I have a feeling he’ll see me. Call him. Tell him it’s about a certain item in his possession.”
,” said Tony as he made his way over to Steve. “Now, if we’re both done with the ritual bickering, what I
As Natasha steered Tony through the enclosed part of the lab, Tony said, “Jarvis, call back the suit.”
And the second he disturbed it, it completely emptied itself onto his arm with thousands of tiny baby spiders.
“Maybe,” says Clint with a shrug. “Ok, not bad for an educated guess. We can keep our eye out for an evil-looking TV.”
Nathan's annual hot dog eating contest on the fourth of July is an event anyone who's spent a significant amount of time in NYC has at least *heard of.* And every year the question is whether Joey Chestnut's gonna break his record again (although recently he's tied with some other competitive eaters). I'd say google a video of it, but um... it can be a little nauseating to watch the man work.
“The war changed people, Steve, and you’re not responsible for Howard’s shortcomings as a father. Right now, my biggest concern is you. Even if he pulls through, it doesn’t take a psychiatrist to see how incredibly traumatic this experience must be for you.”
Tony practically leapt out of his seat and willed his heart rate down as he picked up some nachos for himself and an entire tray of chicken fingers and french fries for Steve.
Tony turned. It was the teenage girl with the yellow nail polish who’d been behind the Best Buy checkout counter.
get is why you want this meeting headed by someone who has, on several occasions in recent history, told the entire United States military to go fuck themselves.”
So while they checked their coats and paid for their tickets, Tony talked about gunite and cantilevers and Frank Lloyd Wright and
“I’ve got a new suit down in the lab based on it. If it works, I’ll be able to condense the suit down to something that’d make Hank Pym cry. If it doesn’t… well, I’d say let’s not worry about it, but Steve will probably get really upset if the suit folds down to the size of an atom with me still inside it. Want to check my math?”
At the very least, Pepper had been right about being a much better matchmaker for Steve than Tony had been. Colleen, his date, was a scientist at CERN, and she was whip smart and funny, had gorgeous dark brown hair and eyes and a thousand interesting things to say about her work in particle physics. Doug, on the other hand, was
“Yeah,” Tony grunted as he pushed as hard as he could against the top of the unyielding casing, “I’m guessing the suit probably can’t turn upright right now, but on my mark, I need you to fire the repulsors as hard as they’ll go. Mark.”
Sadly, I can’t say what the Avengers or Enchantress had to say about this recipe. Apparently my friends decided to try attacking her the moment she came through the floor, which resulted in a lot of scorch marks on the wall, broken furniture, and the whole pot of curry splattered all over the new carpet! There were also some words exchanged… just the usual battle banter, but I’ve been told my readers enjoy hearing some more about my work as a superhero, so here’s what I can remember.
The scene is exactly as we left it, with NATASHA frozen in place and IVAN standing behind her, pointing a gun at her back. Fast as lightning and fluid as silk, NATASHA turns and takes the gun out of IVAN’s hand, then uses the handle to hit IVAN in the back of the head, knocking him out cold. She stands over him for a moment, pointing the gun at his head, clearly debating whether to finish the job. Instead, she raises the gun and checks the chamber, then closes it and hurries out the door. GALAGA GUY peeks his head out from behind a bar stool. HAPPY sticks his head up over the top of the bar.
Tony sat up. He felt like he was on the other side of the most intense workout of his life, which is exactly what had happened. Everything hurt. All he wanted to do was find a hole to curl up in and sleep until this day from hell was over.
“Thor?” he said, taking a stab in the dark as he pushed away and found his feet to stand up straight.
“Why don’t we shove every one of these MRE’s straight up your ass,” said the General, his eyes as hard as flint.
“You don’t love me back, Tony,” said Steve, as if he was asking for confirmation. And Christ, Tony couldn’t
“Yeah, I’d tap that,” sighed Toly hornly. Steve loke confuse but TOny said “Well I would. And it’s a thing for this genre; the protagonist likes bi dudes. Just don’t be weird about it, ok?”
AN: If you're reading this with a screen reader, you should know I've configured the horizontal rule that starts this chapter, and all future horizontal rules in the story, to look like green and black stars. The look I was going for was something like magical energy. Also, the text is no longer configured to look like a paperback novel.
“You know, Tony, ah… I’m always here to help keep you safe too,” says Steve with a blush as you all walk down the hallway toward the elevator. “I mean, we all are.”
A few seconds later, everyone’s back in the kitchen and Nat says, “Hey Bruce. There’s a really weird bug in the elevator. Want to come take a look?”
“They usually do a little talking beforehand,” said Steve. “And our therapy session was a lot of you
“And I don’t want any potential kids of mine baptized or otherwise indoctrinated, not with Christianity or atheism or anything else. When they ask what happens when we die, the answer is, ‘This is what I think, but nobody really knows for sure. What do you think?’”
Tony were the assholes instead of just Tony... their project was not going to progress if they stayed in this particular pattern.
“Because the only other one was going back to the elevator!” Steve yells. “What, are we just supposed to give up?”
“Ok, this woman says they have interpreters inside, so a hearing audience can still take in the event if they want to.”
“It’s Carla today,” said the woman outside the office, with what sounded like infinite patience. “Sandra called in sick, remember?”
“I’m not going to have a meet-and-greet with all seven billion people on earth when the one I want is right in front of me,” said Steve.
“One, nobody’s bricking anyone in anywhere until movie night is over,” came Nat’s voice through the comms, the faint roar of a motorcycle just audible under her words, “Two, don’t you ever read any of the books the Maria Stark Foundation donates?”
“I need to get back to the lab,” said Tony, as he turned and fled the kitchen, “I’ll see you tomorrow, alright?”
“On your count,” said Thor, as he raised his hammer, the sky darkening in preparation for an oncoming lightning strike.
Tony leaned back against the wall and closed his eyes, tipping his head back until it thunked painfully against the wet bricks of the building.
“Friends!” shouted Thor when he saw Steve and Bruce, “Drink with us! The night is young and you are far too sober!”
Everything went still. The world around them continued to churn with the cars under the park and the people milling around them and the conversations and the coffee orders and the million other moving pieces of the city. But there was a space as large as the two of them where there was only the sound of their breath and the sensation of being close. Tony burrowed his face under Steve’s jacket and Steve wrapped him in his arms, his thumb brushing over the back of Tony’s neck until Tony’s breath stopped hitching and his eyes stopped leaving damp spots on Steve’s shirt. And in that space, in those couple of minutes before they continued together to the end of the High Line, it felt… right. Like the most natural place in the universe for Steve to be was with Tony, holding him close.
