This is his chance to repent for all the cruelty and theft and
“You sappy motherfucker,” Dean teases, but his heart is swelling with the same emotion. He’s never been as good at putting it into words as Cas is, so instead, he just leans over for a kiss. It’s soft, and sweet, and pours into it all his love and gratitude and the
Dean and Castiel are in a cabin in the mountains, on the trail of a wendigo, when the snow starts to fall—slowly, at first, then thick and heavy. All they can do is stand by the windows and watch as the Impala disappears under a layer of white.
He browses around Castiel's room for a little bit, trying to get a feel for who his new husband is. The desk is neatly kept but covered in books and writing implements, and Dean can't help but think fondly of C and his love of books as he wanders over. Dean runs his fingers over the edge of the desk, reading through all the different book titles—
Dean knows better, though.
And if it’s common knowledge that Castiel is the geek, then it’s also common knowledge that Dean Winchester is the soccer star who’s hopelessly head over heels for him.
Castiel nods, and they don’t speak much more—not while they finish cleaning, not while Dean brushes his teeth (leaving his toothbrush in the holder besides Castiel’s), not while he put on his shoes and gathers the last of his clothing.
“But now… Now I hear that this cemetery has gained a second grim.”
“You may be here in my office, drinking my alcohol because you are attractive and charming,” Castiel warns quietly, “but I would caution you to watch your tongue, Dean.”
He knows Cas is awake, and he’s pretty sure Cas knows
“Weird,” Castiel says quietly, and his flat tone makes it clear that this isn’t a subject he wants to touch on any further. In his peripheral vision, he sees Dean watch him for a few moments, then turn his head away again. His shoulders seem to droop.
He can only watch as the man keeps fighting and finishes off the last of the vampires, sweeping out its feet and sending his blade singing down towards the earth. When he stands, yanking the machete free of the vampire’s body, dark blood drips sluggishly from the tip of the blade.
“Yes,” he says, trying to quash his errant and tangential thoughts. “My best friend, Inias, used to live with me, but he moved in with his girlfriend a little while ago, so…” Castiel shrugs, idly examining the tips of his spider plant in an effort to prove that he’s unbothered by his lonely living status. “It’s just me.”
Cas hesitates, glancing toward the entrance to the tent where Bobby and Rufus are surely waiting outside. “…Castiel,” he says finally. “Or Cas. But you don’t need to be formal with me. Not after last night.”
it to work, at this point. Fuck, he feels so fucked up for wanting more.
take the Impala, though—there’s no way that Dean is going to drive some rented, pimped-out Jeep when he could have his baby.
“My mom makes the best fucking pie you’ll ever taste,” Dean announces as he drops the burgers into the hot pan, a somewhat dreamy expression on his face. “She’s awesome, dude. I miss her—that’s the one thing that sucked about moving out here to become an artist.”
Dean and Castiel will be back here tomorrow to do the final cleaning of the apartment in the hopes of Dean getting his security deposit back, and then he’ll be completely done with this place. And tonight?
“Night, Cas.”
All he can do now is hold his head high and do his duty for his kingdom, and when the doors swing open...
And now, somehow, the prospect of jumping into this doesn’t seem quite as scary as it had a week ago, or even a few days ago. Not now that he has Dean by his side. Not now that he trusts Dean not to let him down.
Finally, he nods. “Yeah,” he says, quietly at first, and then more decisively. “Yeah, okay. I’ll stay with you at least until I see how the Alliance reacts to your escape—but if I change my mind, you’ll let me go, yeah?”
Castiel is beautiful in his recklessness, in his wild, unfettered love and the raw power that crackles around him. The fact that Dean can see him—
Everything after that feels like it happens in slow motion.
The feeling of it flutters in Cas’s chest, hammers against his ribs. It’s just beginning to form, but already so strong, and he’s not sure whether it’s that or the tricks Dean knows with his tongue that steals his breath away.
and takes off.
When Dean finally does strike, with the full intention of making contact, the alpha is ready for it. Like when they’d been fighting before, he slides out of the way and returns his own attacks. This time, though, there’s the hint of a smile playing at the corners of his lips, and his scent is
Naomi is still looking at Dean with disdain and even disgust. “Is he not going to kneel, in the presence of three Dominants?” she asks pointedly.
Considering he’s being called into the Oval Office alone and in the middle of his shift, he’s starting to suspect that that might not be the case.
as his pink cowboy boots hit the red carpet, and he smirks in the direction of the media is cameras begin to flash in his direction. The pink, cowboy-inspired leather had been a risk, but it’s a risk that seems to have paid off beautifully, as he flirts with the cameras and tips his Stetson to the paparazzi who catch his eye.
He swears he sees the raven’s eyes widen guiltily, and there’s a long pause before he speaks.
Taking a small step forward, Dean smiled at the boy in front of him.
A/N: this chapter is short sorry and sorry for the feelings xD I know it's been a while since I've updated I was dealing with a lot mentally and also the whole announcement of season 15 being the last, made it hard for me to write. Anyway hope you guys liked it
Cas laughs softly at Dean's comment pulling his hands away, resting them in his lap, "I see, and this sudden change, it's me?" Dean's lip curves up into a smile, causing a shiver to run down Cas' back, "Yes, you are the reason and would you believe it, a man with desires such as mine, a man that can have whomever, would fall submissive in the presence of someone he just met. Sort of ironic, but something about you brings it out in me." A soft chuckle escapes Cas' mouth and he glances at Dean out of the corner of his eye, "well I'm not gonna complain....Dean, I do have a small request of you, will you stay with me tonight, for the whole night this time?" Dean stares at Cas, a small smile forming on his lips, "do I have a choice?" Cas angled his chin down, with a small seductive smile, "no not really, besides you still have to pay me for last night...oh shit."
Lager poured, Donnie goes to call Sandra and Lynne a cab, and he gets a few beers for the guys playing pool at the back table. By the time he makes it back, the stool next to Dean has been taken by a dark haired man in a suit and trench coat. Definitely a mob doc. Not that Donnie has any idea what a mob doc looks like, out here in nowhere Kansas. The guy's peering intently at the taps until Dean rolls his eyes.
"Yeah, yeah, don't quote me to me." He's about to get the car moving when his phone rings. He frowns at the name on the screen before sliding his thumb across to answer the call. "Becky?"
"Only online in fandom," she explains, sounding much more like herself again. "It was a whole thing for you and Dean. Sorry if that's awkward, since, you know, you're not married."
"Uh…" This ain't exactly a craft beer emporium, though they occasionally have a couple local brews on tap. Usually it's the standard cheap beers—Bud Lite, El Sol… He gets the sense that Dean's Margiekugel isn't what Cas is after. "I mean, most of 'em you can get anywhere. We got an IPA from a local place that's pretty good. And their cider's been popular."
Dean settles back in his seat, pulling his phone back out of his pocket. "Internet says we're married. Close enough. And it ain't my fault Twitter lost Sam's invite in the mail."
It feels like this should be a huge momentous moment, like he should be nervous, but instead, the words come easy to him, like they're just a fact of life, one that's comfortable and worn in, like a favorite pair of jeans.
Dean's brain is still churning and he only understands half of Becky's story. Something about people running Ash and Ellen roleplaying accounts—for half a second, he wonders if Ash's figured out how to hack into Twitter from the great beyond, but then realizes that if he did, he wouldn't be pretending to be some dude named Chad pretending to be himself—and then the rest of the
"Well," Becky says, "normally I wouldn't because fandom, real life, not a great mix—I get that now, they're two different things—but I've never
"Just, um, I know the fandom wedding thing was fiction and you guys are running your own lives now, but I just...I just want to say I hope you guys are happy, whatever that looks like for you. You deserve it."
"Yeah," he says, smiling softly. He digs out some bills from his wallet and slides it all back to Donnie with a friendly tap on the bar. "Thanks, Donnie. See ya 'round."
"Nope, no tulpa, no one running the show but us," Dean confirms as Cas stops the car at a light. Cas smiles softly at Dean's words, his eyes crinkling in the corner, and it hits Dean again, as it has over and over in the months since getting him back from the Empty, that he actually gets to have
"Yeah, yeah." Dean rolls his eyes with a smile and slides onto his usual stool. "Whiskey, double."
"Yes?" they answer in unison.
"Whatever."
"Whatever, I got plane tickets and hotels to book. Toes in the sand, Cas. Toes in the sand."
"Well, you
"Oh, just, uh… Did you happen to get married over the weekend? On Sunday?"
Dean knocks his boots against the edge of the floor of the car to get the snow off before climbing into Baby. "I'm getting too old for this shit," he grouses. The car's already on—he'd gotten the engine going while he and Cas cleared off the car and shoveled out around the tires to get some traction, but it's still chilly inside. "Why'd we agree to take a case in Vermont? In
Cas' eyebrows raise. Dean stares out the windshield.
Donnie smirks as he turns to pour the cider. "Well, I'd say your friend clearly has good taste, Campbell, but he hangs out with you, so…" He smiles at Cas. "No offense."
Cas only grins, but it brightens his whole face. "None taken."
"I'm glad I made the list," Cas answers dryly.
"I'm still not sure if I regret that I missed that or am lucky."
"Yeah, that." He claps Cas on the shoulder. "C'mon, grab that cider and let's play some pool. Donnie, keep the tab open."
the fandom so united like that. It was like lightning in a bottle. It was a whole day of art and fic and meta and headcanons—"
"No kidding."
. I can
"Uh…" Dean can
"The cider sounds interesting. I'll take that."
He laughs when Dean flips him off before guiding Cas away by the elbow. After a few hours of pool, beer, cider, and nachos, Dean comes over to settle his tab. He keeps glancing over at Cas, who's by the door, as he waits for the ancient register to print the tab, and there's an easy, giddy expression on his face that Donnie's never seen on him before.
"Um…" Becky sounds unsure of herself and Dean wonders what nightmare is going to pop out of her mouth to haunt his dreams. He
Dean doesn't know what cannons on your head have to do with anything and he's a little afraid to ask.
Dean tightens his grip on Cas' hand, in case he had plans to pull away.
"Becky, I don't want this to come across wrong," Dean says, "but, uh, why are you calling about this? I mean, you guys have been doing your fandom thing for years, and I got no problem with that, I really don't, but I don't know if I need an update on what people are twittering about us."
. He'd tried to get Cas a good Carhartt jacket, but the former angel apparently has opinions on outerwear, which Dean thinks is hilarious coming from a dude who wore three versions of the same doofy trenchcoat for over a decade.
"Oh thank god," Dean breathes out, glancing over to Cas to give him a smile. "Becky, I'm putting you on speaker. Cas is here, too."
Donnie picks up the money, grateful for the usual generous tip and genuinely happy for Dean. He might not know all the gory details, but from what he's seen, the guy deserves a little good in his life.
Cas shrugs. "I've been human for approximately seven months. I can't say I've ever had any attachment to human marital ceremonies, though, like you said, I'm not opposed to the idea." He gives Dean that soft half-smile that feels like coming home. "And I'm also in it for the long haul."
"Tough day at the office?" Donnie asks, though they both know Dean's work doesn't involve anything remotely resembling an office. Donnie's never gotten the particulars, but he'd say that anything from organized crime to covert military ops is a solid bet.
But he's pretty sure he didn't get hitched—they'd been in Kansas, not Vegas—and even if he did, how the hell would
I were going to get married. Might be tough given that I'm somehow both legally dead and on the FBI's Most Wanted list. Plus I'd have to find someone dumb enough to hop on that bandwagon with me."
"You better be," he teases, "'cause I don't break into the Empty for just anyone, buddy."
Dean and Cas look at each other, clearly sharing an inside joke.
her blush. "So, Sam added me to the hunter network tracker, not 'cause I want to hunt or I'm stalking you guys, but just, you know, another set of eyes and ears in case something comes up, and by the time I thought about it, I saw you and Cas were in Vermont and if it were true, I didn't want to interrupt anything, so…"
Dean's really,
Donnie crosses his arms. "Oh I'm sorry, if you wanted to pay someone to tell you how great you are, I think you want the place down the street."
"Hmm," Cas agrees, though the corner of his mouth is quirked up. "That would be difficult."
"Even cracked the top five."
said that we'd take the case," Cas reminds him.
Dean freezes for a second, studying Donnie, trying to get a read on what exactly he means. Donnie tries to give him his best earnest smile. No teasing, no insult. Seemingly satisfied, Dean's posture relaxes, though his eyes dart around the bar.
"Guess you were right," he says, nodding in the direction of Cas. "Don't need my help with a pink cocktail. You do just fine."
"You too." Dean hangs up and repockets the phone.
"Hold on a sec." He looks over to Cas and they exchange a quick, silent conversation before getting out of the car and switching seats. He's got no idea what Becky's going on about but he has a feeling he isn't going to want to try and navigate winding back roads that are still a little slushy even after the plows have gone by while having this conversation. Cas settles behind the wheel and looks so good doing so that Dean forgets for a moment that he's mid-conversation with someone. He clears his throat and ignores the knowing smirk Cas gives him. "Alright, Becky. Undivided attention. What's going on?"
"—and after Chuck and everything, I just wanted to make sure there wasn't anyone writing the story again. Or if we'd somehow tulpa'd a wedding for you guys." After all the gushing, it's a little disconcerting to hear an undercurrent of fear in her voice. He can't blame her, though: Chuck'd done a number on all of them and he knows better than most how much it can fuck with your head to think you've lost control of your own life.
"Dens of iniquity?"
"Later. Tell Cas I'll have more of that cider on tap for him."
Dean shakes his head. "Nah, I'll switch to beer."
"I do just fine, thanks. Asshole."
"That sounds nice," Cas allows, though he seems kind of unsure about it all.
Cas shrugs inside his puffy winter coat that Dean'd teased him about, saying he looked like the kid from
"Ass." Dean half-heartedly pushes his arm. Cas takes his right hand off the wheel to catch Dean's when it returns to the seat between them. Their gloves are bulky, so it's a bit awkward, but he still gives Cas' hand a good squeeze.
. She'd called Sam not long after Jack had restored the universe after Chuck's temper tantrum—apparently Chuck had shown up to her place, been a dick, and snapped her and her family out of existence
"I think we'll give that one a pass. Cas' never been one for, uh…what'd you call 'em?"
some of the shit the fans of the books have written about him...and Sam...and god knows who else. "Cas?" she squeaks.
"I don't think that's how Twitter works."
"Thanks, Becky," Dean says and he genuinely means it, but he's looking at Cas. "And yeah, I think we are."
Speaking of…
"Guess not. Cas is only a few minutes away." There's a pleased smile on Dean's face as he finishes his whiskey.
"Usual paint thinner or you gonna spring for something halfway decent this time?"
"You got it."
"You really don't want a good tip tonight, huh, Donnie," Dean mock threatens.
Cas hums his agreement. "And the marriage part?"
He can't help but bark out a laugh. "What, you thought we were holed up in a bed and breakfast, honeymooning and antiquing?"
"Your buddy get you all fixed up?"
"'Preciated."
was he going to take advantage of schmoopy crap if he got candy out of the deal.
glad he's not driving right now because he's pretty sure Baby'd be wrapped around one of these giant-ass pine trees.
have been…"
"Again,
Donnie looks up from wiping down the bar to give Dean a grin. "Hey. Long time. We were getting worried we weren't going to make a profit this month."
"Your wish is my command."
"'Nother?"
"It's February. I'm freezing my ass off up here." Dean decides Becky doesn't need to know that they did indeed stay at a bed and breakfast while on this hunt, though they'd skipped the antiquing in favor of icing—no pun intended—a yuki-onna, which are pretty rare outside Japan, but first time for everything.
The longer Dean looked at the client the more he could see about him, he almost looked sad in a way, at least in this photo he had as his profile picture. He scrolled through the profile, the client had included things he was interested in like it was some kind of dating site, which made Dean chuckle,
"You're welcome, you may call me Anna if you'd like. What's your name?"
Cas sighed heavily as he reached into his closet, touching the fabric of the shirt, he was sure it still had Ash's scent on it. Pulling it from the hanger, Cas stepped back until he was sat on the bed, clutching the shirt against his chest with his nose pressed against it,
Sure he could tell himself that it was nothing else, but he knew. He knew that there was only one thing he wanted right now and that was to make
After their food came, and they had completely filled themselves with food, Cas and Dean lay side by side on the couch, with Dean resting his head against Cas' shoulder, "why didn't you just go straight to the client, Dean?" Cas reached his hand down gently caressing Dean's fingers as he spoke and he felt Dean take a breath, "honestly Cas, I needed to see if what I was feeling was real." Cas felt Dean shake softly in his arms, then he heard small chuckle escaping Dean, "and?" Cas kept his breathing stable even as his heart had begun beating heavy in his chest." Dean laced his fingers with Cas' and pushed himself up so that he could look at him, "they are real, and the reality of it scares me because I've never felt anything like this before."
"I understand that Dean, I do and I don't expect anything, I just," Cas hesitated briefly looking away for a few seconds then turning his gaze back to Dean, "all I know is that I enjoy having you here with me, even if I am just another client of yours."
Dean didn't know what else to say, at a loss for words, unsure if Cas was even reading the message, all he knew was that he didn't feel any better. Dean logged off of his chat, closed his laptop, and laid back against the bed.
Dean cried for what seemed like hours, falling asleep some time between, only waking when a light knock came to his door. He jolted awake, taking a few moments to recollect where he was before slowly climbing off the bed to open the door.
"Cas,
Cas jumped up, turning to look at the clock on the wall behind them, which caused Dean to jump slightly, "shit shit....I didn't even put the pot roast on." Dean stood slowly from the couch, pulling his phone from his pocket, then Cas looked at him, "and you still have that client waiting don't you." Dean had been texting on his phone as Cas' said this but he looked up at Cas' shaking his head, "actually I just cleared my entire schedule, apart from you. So let's order something for dinner."
Cas reaches over and takes the plate of food, almost all gone, and rests it on his lap. “Then show me where you would like to be.”
,” Castiel says finally, then turns his attention away as Dean straightens up. “General Singer, General Turner, please leave us for a moment. Winchester and I have… business to discuss.”
He has to admit, his interest is piqued.
“Ready to go consummate this marriage?” he asks with a grin, and Cas laughs, rich and happy.
Anna leaves a few steps ahead of Castiel, but before he can follow her out the door, Dr. Adler grabs him by the wrist, halting his progress. “I know it’s demeaning for someone of our status to work under a sub,” he says quietly, close enough to Castiel’s ear for him to feel the damp condensation of his breath, “but you know how it is—quotas to be filled and all that jazz. Don’t you worry, though. I’ll sort it out soon, and you’ll get the role that a promising young Dom like you deserves. Just be patient.”
Until one evening, when he’s feeling particularly down and has holed himself up in his dorm room with a paper that’s due on Monday. His feelings don’t make
, since kneeling had been
There are big plans for that human. It is too early to interfere.
is back, the one that drives Dean crazy so effortlessly. “You really know how to pick the locations,” Cas murmurs. This close, his voice is quiet, a deep rumble that resonates through to Dean’s bones and
The dust from his half-destroyed cell wall settles to reveal the nose of the cargo ship where it intrudes into Castiel’s cell. The old ships are slow but sturdy, and Castiel had
"I found these," Dean tells him, and suddenly, he can hardly speak past the lump that's risen in his throat. "What are they, Cas?"
Instead, he curls his hands into fists for a moment, then takes the seat opposite Dean.
Castiel finally falls to his knees beside Sam, and looks pleadingly up into his face. His chest feels as though it’s closed in a vice grip, and his hands, when he curls them into fists against his thighs, are shaking.
He’s breathing hard now, all the emotions that have been welling up in his chest that night finally released, and he can feel devastated tears prickling at the corners of his eyes. He’d wanted that job so badly, been
Today is a quiet day.
Arguments or not, though, Cas wouldn’t trade it for the world. Living with Dean is incredible.
Castiel slits his eyes open to find Dean lying on his side, one hand pillowed beneath his hand and green eyes idly watching him. When he sees that Castiel is awake, his lips twitch up into a small smile.
boots.
It’s clear from the loud moan and jerk of his hips that Dean was definitely not expecting this, but as his hands fly instinctively to Castiel’s head, he reaches up to catch one wrist. Making eye contact with Dean up the length of his body, and still with his mouth on Dean’s cock, Castiel very deliberately squeezes his wrist, then releases it.
spiel about the vigilante.
Castiel pauses. Narrows his eyes. “The joke?” he asks warily. Nothing about this seems very funny, but he’s willing to give him the benefit of the doubt, for now.
But that doesn’t stop Dean from consuming alcohol
In his own sleep-deprived and assignment-fueled haze, he had expected their dorm room to be dark and quiet, which is why he’s so careful in letting himself in, so that he doesn’t wake Dean. Instead, though, the room is washed with the blue-white light of Dean’s laptop.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbles quickly, wiping at his eyes with one hand while he quickly shuts his laptop with the other, plunging the room into near-darkness. “I didn’t, um… I lost track of time. How was the library?” His voice cracks, and Castiel’s heart aches, because if he’d realized that Dean was upset tonight, he would have been here with him, instead of cramming at the library.
“How did you get into a life like this?”
If there is a Hell, that may well be where he belongs. But fuck, all the monsters he’s fought, all the lives he’s saved… surely that has to count for something. But where is the balance? At what point does his bad outweigh his good? His soul aches with the weight of the question, his chest tightening until he can hardly breathe.
And before Castiel can react, the incubus uses its grip to lever him up, and shoves him over the railing of the balcony.
“Okay.”
The ropes give way all at once, and Castiel scrambles to catch his husband, sinking to the ground with Dean in his arms. He presses his hand against Dean’s chest and feels his heart beat, weakly, beneath his fingers. “Love, I’m here. I’ve got you, Dean, please, open your eyes.”
And that must be why, his feelings finally cracking free from the iron encasing his chest, he gives Dean a tiny, quiet:
“Huh,” Dean said.
“You can ask her,” Dean said. “I swear. Charlie and Sam know too. And Eileen. I just—I just wanted you to know. Because it felt too much like lying when I—just read this.” He held out the tan envelope. “Now that you know, read this.”
But the evidence sat in his hands.
Cas was barely paying attention, too focused on the freckles he could see dotting Dean’s nose. He really did like them. “I told you, not even a sprain.”
All in all, the more Dean watched Cas, the more he was sure he wasn’t wrong about that…maybe-a-relationship thing, either. And if one night he slipped a mixtape into Cas’s back pocket, well, no one else had to know.
“Eastern poetics had a big influence on Ginsberg. He even did his own English versions of some of the Japanese masters, like Matsuo Bashō.” Bobby cleared his throat, spoke a few words in Japanese, and then recited gruffly: “The old pond. The frog jumped in…Kerplunk.”
He tries to fight through it, tries to keep his breathing steady even past the constriction of his throat and the steel bands pulling his chest tighter and tighter, but he can’t, he
“Is that the flower of life?” he asks, tracing his fingertips lightly over the design on the drawing’s elbow. Dean leans in closer and grins, and suddenly it’s become much more difficult for Castiel to focus.
it, as Castiel quickly realizes, because Dean is so attuned to praise and confirmation that what he’s doing is good…
“My mom showed me a little bit, when I was really tiny,” he says to Castiel, as his fingers move over the frets, “and then I did some lessons here and there at school while we moved around, but I never really got to learn properly.”
By the time he’s out of the shower and dressing himself properly, he feels much more put together—like a man who is ready to put his psychometric powers to use to find an amulet smuggler, rather than a man who had fallen into bed with his colleague-slash-employer last night.
The first question on Castiel’s tongue had been,
“How are you feeling?” Dean’s voice is a soft murmur now, soothing as it settles into his bones. “How was tonight?”
“Yeah!” comes the muffled reply from further into the apartment. Cas closes the door behind himself, kicks off his shoes, then goes to locate his boyfriend.
“Good. Now turn around, and walk away.”
In the aftermath, both of them sweaty and panting (not to mention the fact that Dean is sure he has at least a couple of leaves in his hair), Dean looks down at Cas and laughs breathlessly. Cas matches it with his own smile, finally relaxing his grip on Dean’s hips and smoothing his hands over Dean’s thighs instead.
If he speaks, all his emotions, all the tears and the despair he’s holding back is going to overflow. Instead, he just nods, pulls his sleeves back down, and walks past her to the kitchen.
So he goes the entire day without contacting Dean. It’s hard—he’s almost always on Castiel’s mind in some way—but he does it. By the end of the evening, when he’s lying in bed once more with a book in the hopes that it’ll distract him and lull him to sleep, his phone stays dark and silent. The whole day, he hasn’t messaged Dean… and Dean hasn’t messaged him either.
Castiel feels like he can take on the world.
“Sit.”
“I’m glad I could be of assistance, Dean.”
Not that he really trusts anyone who wants to talk to him not to have some kind of hidden agenda, though.
Inias fist pumps the air. “I
Sue him if he wants to take as much time as he can to catch his breath before being plunged back into the crazy whirlpool that is Dean Winchester.
It’s perfect.
Adler sets his jaw for a second, staring her down—and then his expression changes like a switch has been flipped when he looks over at Castiel. “No, Ms. Milton, you may leave, thank you. Castiel, if I could have a word in private?”
Cas ignored him, pulling the correct jar from the bins. He wrapped his large hand around the front of the label, so that the rain wouldn’t wash the ink away. “For your wife, then,” said Cas. Of course, seeing as they’d only ever interacted via business transactions for honey and soap Sam had never actually told him the woman who often accompanied him to the market was his wife, but Cas had noticed the rings and looked it up on Sam’s Wikipedia page later. All it had said is that her name was Eileen Leahy, and they had no children.
“There’s an hour before people start coming in for breakfast, right?” He tossed Castiel his shirt, hitting him in the face. Dean chuckled at his disgruntled glare. “Up an’ at ‘em, come on.”
“I know,” said Cas, with an actual hint of a smile. “Let’s go down now—it’s time to wait.”
Dean’s heart jumped into his throat, but Al just lifted his hands palm out. “Fine, fine. But this school does bring back memories of my own high school days. How about for the rest of you?”
Sam avoided his eyes.
“A he, nice!” said Charlie. “Who is it?”
He read the lyrics as confidently as he could, awkwardly skipping over the repeats of the refrain.
“Good. I’m good,” said Dean. “Just, uh, wondering if you had a minute to look at my paper?”
They were closer to the cliffside path than the road, so Dean slammed out the back door of his cabin to confront them. “You know I’m this close to calling the police for trespassing and harassing the property owner,” he announced.
And underneath, a scribbled smiley face.
“Just wanted to say that this is my last class. And, ah, thank you. I learned a lot.”
extended edition boxset in the other. Must have realized if she’d asked beforehand he would have found some excuse to turn her away. Christ what a shitty friend he’s been.
“Gospels? I mean, I sorta consider myself a horror writer—”
The sun had long since set, the snow suddenly appearing out of the darkness to drift the lights pooling on the edge of the back porch. The cold air slid easily through his sweater, nipping his ears and nose, but he wasn’t planning to stay out long. He crossed his arms and took the steps down to the path that someone had shoveled between the porch and the yard and the shed. The yard was all in shadow, only the first row reflecting a glint of Christmas, but to Cas’s surprise, the shed door was cracked open, the yellow light a slice into the night. He squinted down at the path and saw that there were fresh boot tracks in the newly fallen snow, too big to be Karen’s. Was it a guest? An intruder? Bike in his mind and heart in his throat, he jogged over to the shed and peeked through the crack.
Dean sat, stupefied. Crickets chirped out among the heaps of old cars.
“You don’t need me to tell you how talented he is.”
Them up and drags at the hair
For a while Dean stared him down, lips pursed, a hard glint in his eyes. Steadfast, Castiel met his gaze; this, he knew, was the epicenter, the poisoned thorn with which Dean had been stabbed, from which radiated his guilt, his pain. This, Castiel would gladly lift from him.
“That’s a song, not a poem.”
The man in question was still working, kneeling and digging for rocks, then moving farther along to search for more. He was busy but Dean wasn’t trying to be subtle, and was the tallest thing for many yards in any direction besides, but Cas didn’t seem to notice him. When he got closer it was clearer why: dude was wearing white headphones, fancy ones, the kind that cushioned your ear and sounded like a dream. Even as Dean watched Cas pried up a rock, big enough it required two hands to lift and carry over to a wheelbarrow. Despite himself Dean traced the surprising amount of muscle in the man’s arms, squeezing his hands until the jug’s plastic handle was digging into his palm. Cas’s jeans pulled tight across his thighs when he knelt back down.
She gets pink on my lips.
More than that, there was something dark about it, despite the way the sun’s rays bounced off the myriad windows bright and blinding. Nothing sudden, more like a culmination of a feeling Dean hadn’t realized was growing inside him the further he walked from the motel. It exuded that same aura haunted houses did, empty-yet-not-empty. Otherworldly ill intent.
“Well I’m not the only one who thinks it,” said Dean defensively. “I read ‘The Ecstasy of Influence.’ Other people get it.”
“Castiel,” Naomi interrupted. “You are to teach mathematics, not metaphor. We don’t have the luxury of singing and dancing for the sake of two students.”
“So true,” said Harry, his buddy. “And now where are we? Gotta go to school, get a degree, but someone expresses himself, paints a few di—penises on the bathroom wall, and suddenly I’m the bad guy?”
. Cas must have read something of that in his expression, because he explained. “The course is at a level that is considered rigorous. People don’t generally take it if they have no interest in working on the subject. So ask yourself, Dean: what is that you want to get out of this class? And are you willing to put in the work to get it?”
Ellen softened slightly. “They’re good people. How’s Colette?”
And he called these nosy assholes his friends. Didn’t they realize he was about to have a moment, here?! “At least gimme some space, come on!” He stepped in front of them and tried to herd them backward, the bike’s rumbling quickly getting louder behind him.
Dean sighed and closed his eyes, curling his fingers tight around the steering wheel.
“Sure am.” Dean started picking his away over the big jumbled rocks toward the dirt path.
Against her skin she wore such pretty satin?
knows?
He took another gulp of coffee and looked out his own window. To his surprise the birds were gone, but a chipmunk was poking its head over the side of the ledge, little nose twitching. Then it pulled itself onto the tray, sat right in the middle of all the seeds, and began stuffing them in his mouth one by one. Dean watched in fascination as the chipmunk’s cheeks grew and grew, bulging with its spoils.  “Now
“Then you really must be starving.”
) and he grit his teeth as he pulled his bag out of the car with him. He’d drawn the line at a backpack, so Sam had lent him one of his old messenger bags from law school. All it had in it was a notebook, a pencil, the poetics guide, and the syllabus Cas had given him.
“You know academics can’t stop talking shop,” Missouri teased. She hugged Jody and Alex in turn. “Where are your other wayward daughters?”
Castiel swallowed. “Goodbye, Dean.”
Dean gripped the edge of his desk and looked up at Castiel in horror.
Into spitting out cheap joe, stale from sitting hours in a heated can,
“Fine,” he huffed. “Black, I guess.”
And yet—Castiel had written his dissertation on Dean’s poetry. There must be something he saw in Dean’s words that wasn’t really there. Castiel must have built the figure of Jack Allen into some myth that wasn’t real. Because Dean was just…Dean. No one to write home about. Definitely no one to write a damn dissertation about.
“I’m sure that’s not true,” said Cas, “not if I had a local guide to show me around.”
“Yeah, well, if he’s good, why don’t you want to know who he is?” Sam looked at him beseechingly, puppy eyes out en force. “If you like him so much, maybe you could be happy together.”
One night in early May, Dean snuck into his apartment at two in the morning to find the lights on, and Sam on the couch playing a video game. “The hell are you still doing up?” he asked. “You have school tomorrow.”
“Yeah,” said Dean, swallowing down bacon with OJ. “You can listen to it later, if you want.”
fucking dude, their breaths tangling warm and cool in the small space between their mouths, chests brushing together with every deep sigh and groan, and Cas’s eyes watching, always watching, piercing,
Sam snorted. “That’s his professor. Didn’t he tell you?”
Lost in thought, Dean followed him docilely to a long set of wooden stairs leading up. A family of four was making its way back down, the kids chattering away with each other, the parents following watchfully behind. A spike of fear shot through Dean, but somehow instead of snatching his hand away, he squeezed Cas’s hard. Castiel showed no sign of it bothering him, just kept pulling Dean inexorably up and up until the family was right in front of them, then slipping past them, then behind. The parents each glanced at their hands, but said nothing. The kids hadn’t noticed at all.
It was not a surprise that the paper out of Hibbing had the most information on the most recent missing person, some dude who’d last been seen drinking at a local bar. The other more regional papers had a bit, but the guy had been missing long enough that it hadn’t made this edition of the
Once the door was closed behind them, cutting off most of the noise, Cas pulled Dean aside.
“Do you mind if we take the book back to the room with us?” asked the mother. “My daughter hasn’t finished it yet.”
School was about to begin.
“Shaddup!” echoed Jack.
Just then Jack looked to be heading for the monkey bars instead of the slide, so in a flash he returned his phone to his jacket pocket and raced over there to spot him. That is, he basically carried Jack across the playground while the kid gripped the metal bars. After a couple rounds of that Jack lost interest, and wandered over to the plastic plank bridge that sat an inch above the ground. The coast clear, Dean retreated a ways. Sure enough, he had several unread messages. He braced himself for an angry onslaught and opened his app.
Before Sam sat he also set up a little music stand, and propped up a notebook so both brothers could see. He’d barely set it down when Dean was flipping to a different page, and pulling a small pencil from his pocket. “I’ve been thinking—” he said, but cut himself off. He glanced at Cas, and continued in a lower voice so he couldn’t overhear. Sam nodded as Dean marked something on the page.
Could make a small boy dizzy;
Dean bit his lip. “It was my mom’s. Her favorite.”
A few minutes later found them clomping down the stairs and into the lobby. Dean went first, but Cas pushed ahead of him. Then, like Dean was some kind of debutante from the 1950s, he came around and opened the lodge door, and gestured for Dean to proceed him outside. “Really?” Dean asked.
“You betcha,” she said, and hopped up into her truck. The engine was loud but in decent condition, another point in her favor. He kept his distance as she reversed the hulking thing, then waved when she honked before driving away.
He began to shiver.
“Mm, no,” said Dean. “Gave her to Sammy for the day. He insisted on going out even though I told him—well, whatever.”
“Well,” she said after a moment. “I suppose you’d better sit down.” She gestured to the couch, and Castiel sat. Klara settled herself on the opposite side and smoothed the wrinkles from her slacks. “I remember only patches at first,” she said. “It takes some getting used to, joining with an angel. The first moment of clarity I had after saying yes we were standing in a house. There was a woman there, her name was Lily. All your focus was on her, and I believe that is why you forgot to keep me pushed away.”
Dean dared to look, really look at him. Castiel was wearing the stupid trenchcoat he kept on the clothes rack in the lodge lobby over his soft blue sweater. His dark hair was wild, but his eyes wilder. Dean hated that his instinct was to reach out. “From what, then?”
“Okay,” said Sam, like he didn’t quite believe, but he was willing to roll with it. “Feel free to stay in our house long as you like. Seriously. But I was wondering…”
“Wait,” complained another kid, “you’re actually going to read it?”
“Sure,” said Dean, and followed him in.
“Good. Would you do me a favor and take it out to Cain and Cas?” She gestured to the other two mugs in her hand. “Make sure they’re hydrated. And they’ve been out there for a while, they should probably eat soon. And remind them to reapply sunscreen, in case they’ve forgotten.” She shifted her weight, uncomfortable.
"Wait, back up a sec," Dean manages to cut in. Becky shuts up instantly. "Who am I supposed to have gotten married to anyway?"
They fall silent for a while, but it's a comfortable silence. The mile markers whip by and they're just crossing over into New York when Cas speaks up again.
"We could have used the network, seen if someone was in the area already, but
"So," Cas says after a quiet minute, "if you were to get married, you'd actually get on a plane to go to Hawaii after."
"Becky," Cas says as the light turns green and he makes a left onto the main road, heading towards the highway, "if this happened on Sunday and you had concerns, why did you wait until now to ask?"
"Like I said: never really considered it before. But this—what we got—this is it for me. I'm in it for the long haul if you are, whether it's fake-official in some city hall records office or not." He pauses. "Unless that's something you want. I ain't opposed to the idea."
"Oh my god,
look.
"So would you
"Um. Hello." Cas has never met Becky, but he's heard about her over the years and he seems faintly amused by her excitement. He frowns at the phone and Dean.  "Did you say Dean got married?"
Becky sighs into the phone. "That's a relief."
Dean makes a face at Cas that's just shy of sticking his tongue out. "Look, all I'm saying is, if I ever get hitched, I'm popping a whole bunch of Xanax and risking life and limb on a flying metal tube of death and heading to Hawaii. Toes in the sand and fruity cocktails all the way."
Well, if Cas’s wings eventually end up messier than when they started, that’s no-one’s business but their own.
It's another day or two before Dean can work up the courage and the energy to go and investigate his options. It gives him an excuse to take his baby out for a longer drive, at least, and he can feel the hint of a smile tugging at his lips as he turns onto the highway and lets her
the eye candy."
Dean meets Castiel Novak at a vampire nest in Oklahoma.
"Cheddar. Definitely cheddar." And then... "What did Winchester say it was?
And now this man has undone so many years of fear and resolve with his words and his patience and his warm weight pressed against Castiel’s leg as they watch Netflix and Cas’s fingers card through his hair.
“Well,” Dean says breathlessly, leaning back against the edge of the desk. Castiel pushes his hair back, attempting to rake it into place again, as he smiles that smirk that pushes all of Castiel’s buttons.
The weeks pass, and with them Castiel gets a handful of sightings of the vigilante. A few quick encounters, a few glimpses from afar, but nothing that’s
, it hurts, but even as the seconds pass and Dean keeps running blindly through the forest, the sounds like broken glass and static and screeching metal begin to resolve themselves into words.
It’s weird, hearing Dean’s voice after over a week of trying his hardest not to think about him. And for him to answer so casually, as though Castiel
It feels like he’s taken a bullet to the chest, like his ribs have collapsed in on themselves and stolen his capacity to breathe. The guilt he feels is so fucking overwhelming that it takes him several seconds to come back to himself. Fuck, he’d been so
The boy is different—he tastes like cigarettes, and he grins as he presses Dean back against the wall. For all that Dean has fantasised about this, it is not like anything he has imagined.
Dean pushes the boat impossibly faster, and Castiel swears as they go flying over the crest of a wave, smacking down into the water a second later.
They look at each other for a moment, and the knight of Eden nods—an acknowledgement of the point scored, with an edge of challenge and determination—and then remounts.
They get roughly halfway through the movie, pressed together on the couch and slowly making their way through the plate of dessert, when it happens. Castiel pauses with a pie halfway to his lips, distracted by a particularly thrilling scene, and after a few moments, he feels Dean gently nudge him with his shoulder.
Dean stares at him for a moment longer, then takes a slow step to the side to reveal Cas’s grave.
Show some love to the original
Those sirens might not be for them, but that’s not a chance that Castiel is willing to take. If Dean is found in his vigilante costume, bullet wound or not, the law will not be kind to him.
“What, didn’t like being called ‘Death’?” Castiel asks—because of course his fallback is to make an ironic joke when faced with a deity he’d never thought existed. “Figured you’d change those last letters into a slightly more normal name?”
It’s dated from last night, after Castiel would have left, and it’s from Adler.
The guy’s grin widens, and he swings off his bike with ease, leaving his helmet resting on the seat. Good fucking God, those bowlegs are enough to preoccupy Castiel’s mind for a
He's still smiling, and still damp, his hair curling behind his ears in a way Dean can't stop sneaking glances at. "That was incredible," he says. "I can't believe I thought it was a good idea to just sit in my car at the edge of the storm. I got some amazing photos, and that was... unforgettable. I really can't thank you enough, Dean."
Dean Winchester lives a normal life.
The style isn’t too bad, but with the colours and the clear quality of the clothes’ construction, everyone is going to know exactly who he is.
“It’s not your fault, Cas. He’s a bigoted asshole, and he’s not ever going to change. I really wish we didn’t have to go to that stupid fucking dinner and put up with his shit for longer than we have to, though.”
like they're made for sucking dick—they
Dean’s eyes are hard and cold, with none of the wide-eyed wonder and pure unfettered emotion that Castiel had remembered seeing in them all those years ago. He digs his shovel into the ground again, hard enough that it stays standing when he lets go of the handle, and reaches for the duffel bag that sits beside Castiel’s grave.
Castiel watches him walk away for a few long moments, then makes his way inside to where the comfort of his apartment and his bed await him.
Coffee never fails to make Castiel feel better, so he nods, then rolls his head side to side. “I am, thank you, although I will feel best after a shower. I hope you left me some hot water,” he teases, letting the corners of his lips curve up into a smile around the edge of his mug.
When Charlie walks in on them making out in the pantry, she quietly backs out. There's no way she's going to interrupt, or reveal their whatever-it-is to the kitchen before they're ready.
When they agree, the stakes doubled, is when things start to go wrong. Dean sinks his balls with practiced ease, trouncing his opponents soundly and with a smirk that never wavers. The naïve façade is gone—except, as he collects his winnings after the game, he shrugs one shoulder and grins.
When Castiel wakes, Dean is right by his side.
Dom, and
“Heya, Cas,” he says, in that smooth voice that just captivates Castiel in an instant. “How are you doin’?”
And that’s not something that he has any confidence with navigating right now, so his current strategy is to ignore the whole situation.
He’s wearing a leather jacket, his hair standing up at every possible angle, and the low light of the bar highlights impossibly blue eyes and a jawline so sharp that Dean wants to lick it.
On the day that he deems his gift ready to reveal to Dean, the sun is shining overhead, and the sky is perfectly blue. Dean had said “see ya in two weeks, Cas”—Castiel has been anxiously counting down the days—and he gives the flowerbed one more check for anything out of place or not fully grown.
and you leave me alone. Do we have a deal?”
His brow creases, and he starts to feel a little nauseous.
“You’re letting Dean leave?” he asks, his eyes wide. Dean is the one who aches for the outside world, who has family out there still, and so it would make sense for Death to grant him that freedom while Castiel remains to tend to the cemetery.
>> I asked Dean to move in with me last night.
It’s a sweet offer, and one Castiel would certainly have taken him up on had he never taken off his flannel, but… “Thank you, but I’ll be fine,” he says gently, with the hint of a smile to soften the blow. “I appreciate the offer, though.”
Then again, maybe that’s just
Castiel Novak’s future is looking brighter than ever—he has an internship, is renting a new apartment with Inias now that they’re graduated, and finally feels like he has a grip on his life.
Cas frowns, seeming to snap out of whatever thought process or weird headspace he'd been in. "What do you mean? Breakfast won't be ready for another few hours, at least."
about
Dean sucks in a sharp breath. What has he seen? It seems foolish to hope that there’s some way of getting out of his one-way ticket to Hell, but… if there is, he has to know. He’d come here as a joke, at first, but if there’s actually something…
“I just wish I wasn’t so alone,” he says quietly.
to curtail the feelings that he’s rapidly developing towards Dean.
—everything Dean had ever dreamed of.
But eventually, like every time before, Dean has to leave. Sam’s at his house, he says, he’d flown in for Christmas for the first time in years, and now that Dean isn’t hunting as much, they’re finally repairing the bonds between them.
Until the man follows his greeting up with: “I was hoping I could buy you a drink.” His grin widens, and he spreads his hands in front of himself. “No homo.”
The kiss is soft, slow, Dean’s nose bumping gently against Castiel’s. It’s everything Castiel had hoped it would be and more, and he reaches up to curl his fingers into the front of Dean’s shirt and pull him in closer.
He steps forward, so that he’s standing next to Dean, side by side looking down at the old grave. Except Castiel is looking less at the grave and more over at Dean, the corners of his mouth pulling down.
“Titus Andronicus?” Castiel asked.
He thought of Sam, living with Eileen almost 1500 miles away, and their three year old Jack who he’d barely seen a handful of times. Thought of the invitation to live in their guest room, watch their kid a couple times a week to help save on daycare. So his nephew could grow up knowing him. So he could be near the only family he had left.
“I didn’t know you worked here,” he said.
The conversation at the table stuck to lighter topics, funny things at the office or listening to Jack describe in detail all the games he’d played at daycare that day. When they were done eating Dean waved his brother and sister off, taking on the cleaning himself. Sam let this slide, too, and Dean was glad of it; he washed the dishes by hand, very thoroughly, and listened to the three of them playing around in the other room. When he was done washing dishes he cleaned the table and the counter, and then swept the kitchen floor for good measure. Then he grabbed a bottle of scotch and went to sit on the patio.
Dean wasn’t dumb enough to think it was because he was young and hot (that’s to blame for what came later), but because Dean had been born with a wrench in his hand. Cars and bikes were in his blood; his dad had been a mechanic, and Dean had grown up running underfoot at Singer Salvage where he worked. The owners, Bobby and Karen, had practically adopted him over the years and Dean couldn’t have asked for a better education, learning the art of restoring vehicles and replacing parts before he ever mastered long division.
caught—!” tried Dean, but she was already gone. Dean rolled his eyes, then. “I guess your shirt is good, though.”
Dean considered it. Plays and poetry had never really caught his interest before, but like it was on a loop his brain said
“Beowulf.”
“From other beekeepers, Dean,” Cain said shortly. “The community isn’t that big and you get to know everyone on the street fair circuit. What kind of fool do you take me for?”
“J.R.R. Tolkien,” she answered brightly. “You haven’t read it?”
“Plenty of memories,” said Dagon.
“Dinosaurs drive them.”
Castiel was disobedient.
And satiny and I kinda like it.
Castiel spread his hands. “Or he wrote poetry because he was a poet.”
“Geez, Sam, you notice what time it is?” he retorted, not bothering to look up from the chessboard.
“Grew up watching people,” said Dean. “Why?”
up, to see Sam Winchester. He was wearing a light orange jacket with no hood. The rain had easily soaked through his long hair, today back in a small ponytail, his short beard turned darker. He was holding a canvas bag with something leafy and green spilling out the top. He’d clearly been one of the few people to brave the market that early spring day.
“No, you misunderstand me, Dean,” Cas said. “I’m not worried about your ability to read or understand the poetry. But many of these students are planning to pursue English as their major, and at this point in their college careers use much of the specialized vocabulary for it. How confident are you when it comes to participating in discussions?”
By the time people started showing up the fire was blazing and a s’mores assembly line was up and ready to go. There were three families all told, one retired couple, and Cas and Dean. They squeezed onto the log benches and sat in the chairs, talking and laughing as the sun set behind the mountains. Lines of pink and red and yellow sat over the water to the east as darkness crept over the sky. It began to get chilly, but the fire was warm and the marshmallows the perfect combo of crisp and gooey. Dean took a picture for Sam of a monstrous s’more he made with double the marshmallows and chocolate, which oozed awesomely when he squeezed on the crackers.
“I had no idea it went viral.”
Dean had been around the block enough to know an evil monologue when he heard one, so he bided his time, waiting for the right moment to make a move. Slowly he drew his gun a little higher from his waistband.
“And I love momma and daddy.”
A couple hours later, sure enough, of the people still drinking Billie was the only one giving him a run for his money. Sam and Eileen had switched to beer early on, and Cesar and Jesse not long after. Ash had switched to weed and was half-asleep in his chair, still holding a full beer. Jo and Dean were both strong contenders, but now the tough images they projected were flickering into nothing. Though they’d all been pacing themselves, those two were well on their way to sloshed. In the old days that would have meant it was time for him to start insinuating himself and prying for secrets. Instead, he focused on Billie.
“I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t help you develop your skills,” he said. But Castiel would not be so easily swayed from the topic at hand. “So you enjoy Brutus’s diction? His choice of words?”
Dean nudged the door open. Castiel was hunched over his desk scribbling on some poor student’s paper, other hand clutched in his thick, dark hair. If that’s how he normally graded, no wonder he often walked into class with that rolled out of bed look. His office windows, tall behind him, framed the old chapel sitting above the fog, perched like a rock dove in the distance. “Hi, Cas,” he said.
Prince -
“How can you not know? Don’t you talk to them?”
The kitchen was enormous. She’d gotten it redone a few years prior, and the appliances still gleamed in their newness, the cupboards and cabinets a warm golden brown, and all the counters, including the large island with bar stools, were beautifully finished in quartz. The room was part of an open plan with the dining room, the shining jewel of the home; it was practically half a sunroom with the far wall being floor to ceiling windows complete with French doors that looked out onto the garden. Castiel loved Missouri’s garden, with its tiny winding path, and little bird feeders and fountains tucked throughout. He wanted to have his own garden someday. In fact, he’s fairly certain it was after he’d gone off on a tangent about pollination during one of Missouri’s dinners that inspired Claire to buy his little bee (she claimed she found it in the trash, but he was in the local flower shop enough to know where it really came from).
Abaddon dropped the keys into his waiting hand, but quick as lightning she gripped his wrist, thumbnail digging into its delicate underside. She stared him down through her red, windswept hair—she rarely wore a helmet, if ever. Out of sight, Dean reached behind himself for a wrench and curled it in his fist. “Can I help you?” he asked flatly.
Castiel’s office, right next door, was cracked open. He checked his watch; if it didn’t go well, he’d only have to suffer ten minutes of it before class started. Might as well, he supposed. Dean knocked.
Dean lifted a shoulder. “Nah. He’s in Texas. I think.” He didn’t look at her. Didn’t want to see the pity.
“How?”
With regret Dean left Castiel alone in the lodge to go back to his cabin. (Cas could have stood to look a little more torn up about it, though, instead of muttering about another perimeter check.) He tore down everything from his evidence wall except for Patience’s drawing. Then he dug through his duffel for a notebook, the small kind he liked to use when pretending to be an FBI agent, and wrote
“To be honest,” said Charlie, “I kinda thought you were lying.”
Sighing, Dean capped the salt and set it heavily on the closest nightstand. Almost in the same motion he let his leather jacket and open button-up shirt fall to the ground at his feet. With a groan he sat on the bed and leaned down to unlace his boots, kicking them away where they thumped against the wall one by one.
“It’s done, Dean,” Cas said after a moment.
Was he about to go work on an article…about Jack Allen?
“Not now, Sammy,” Dean said.
“Well, I don’t mean looking for record contracts, that’s for sure. But maybe between your name and his, you know, we could still reach some people. Like we can do shows now and then and sell music, but on our terms. And we let him help us. And we just use the family we got to play on the record, nothing fancy.”
Dean had been fully prepared to ignore the advice, but this small evidence of care was enough to give him pause. Then he thought about Cas come morning, looking up every time the lodge doors opened, expecting Dean…but then never seeing him again. “Shit,” he muttered. “Fine. Morning.”
Castiel gathered his papers into a neat pile. “Come in.”
He scanned the first page.
“Excuse me, Castiel?” asked Billie, raising her hand.
Cas tilted his head, considering. “Which one has the best gas mileage?”
Cas drew in a breath, but he came up short for a non-incriminating answer.
“I did meet him a few times. The best of the Hellfire staff, while he still worked for them, but in the end that’s not saying much.”
He felt a sudden, fervent understanding with all the poets they’d read earlier in the semester. Had they been rolling in their graves? He was nearly vibrating out of his damn seat. It was just a poem, damnit! Just a sad little piece of his fucking life my god would they just stop picking it apart?!
Looking back the way he’d come, past the jumble of large rocks and boulders, he noticed there was a half-sunken concrete dock. Intrigued, he walked back along the beach, then hopped onto the rocks and steadily made his way over to where a rope hung between two wooden posts, warning people away. Everything was covered in an orange lichen and smatters of bird shit. A few feet past the rope the dock had cracked and split, the far end pitching forward into the lake. Beyond that was a third piece almost completely submerged. He could see how it would be dangerous for a kid, but it looked sturdy enough to him.
“There you are,” said Cas. He reached up toward Dean’s face again, but Dean shrugged him off, wiping his running nose with his sleeve. Still, Cas put a hand on his shoulder and exerted gentle pressure until he gave in and turned. “You’re so beautiful, Dean,” he said, and Dean knew this time he wasn’t talking about his face. If only he could see what Castiel saw.
“What does it matter?” Dean said. “You either have it or you don’t, right? You told us that Kerouac wrote
No. He’d said there was a friendly argument about Jack Allen. Castiel must be writing about something else.
Without taking his eye off the bird, he reached for the popcorn bag and shoved a hand in. Picking one kernel, he flicked it in the gull’s direction. It landed a few inches away, but didn’t seem to catch the bird’s attention. Aiming carefully, he tried again. This one got a reaction. The gull pounced on the popcorn and after gulping it down, found the first kernel almost immediately. Then it aimed its beak straight up toward the sky and gave a piercing shriek, tossing its head two, three times, after which it discovered more kernels waiting, courtesy Dean.
Dean laughed, and suddenly the tension between them was gone.
“What the actual fuck!”
“Their album is already done.”
In the nature of children, because Dean laughed Jack laughed, too. Then Dean licked the other half of the lime and exaggerated his own reaction. “Uggghhh,” he groaned.
“No way,” she said, clutching it to her chest. “He was the hero. You can’t bring him in because someone’s SUV got scratched!”
Dean wanted to yell.
Dean shook his head. “What?”
“I don’t need anything,” Sam protested.
“No need,” said Cas. He touched his own hand to the doors and the locks clicked open.
“I wish you’d left him.”
“Yeah?” Grinning, Sam rounded his bed and plopped down facing Dean. “What is it?”
It was a Thursday, and everybody was at Harvelle Bowl. This was true for Sam and his friends as much as it was for everyone else, even though Dean had kicked up a fuss after what had happened at the school that day. But what could they do in the middle of a bowling alley full of witnesses? Sam sat back and laughed with his friends, who’d all chipped in to buy a couple pitchers of coke and some wings.
“A bit of a rough patch,” he said again.
“Okay, read the notes later,” said Cas, not unkindly. Some of the students grumbled and put their papers away. There were too many overachievers at this school for them not to want to pick apart their grades immediately. “We’re starting the Mid-Century unit this week. The middle of the 20th century was every bit as rich and complex as its early days. Many movements grew out of this time period, including the Beat Generation, Formalism, Surrealism, Confessional, Deep Image poetry, and many more. This is because we are now concerning ourselves with the generation of men and women who grew up in the Great Depression and lived through World War Two. This was truly a great age for the English-language poet. Some came out the other side of it railing against the establishment, celebrating sexuality and drugs and freedom. Others remained steadfast against McCarthyism and blacklisting; others defied categorization amid rampant polarization between races and genders that defined, quite especially, the American mid-century.
“Now come on,” said Chuck, stumbling away and running to put the couch between them. “I already did!”
“She’s my pride and joy,” said Dean. And because he’d actually meant to speak to Cas for a reason, damnit, “Bobby said you drive a classic, yourself.”
Sure enough, Cas wore a wicked grin and turned down the music just enough so Dean could hear him singing over it.
“I went and picked Castiel up a little while ago,” said Bobby, offering him a bit of reprieve. “He’ll be staying with us over the holidays, too. Just wanted to get him here before the rush, you know how the garage is around the holidays.”
“Rock’n’roll, baby,” he answered, miming a little air guitar.
Dean gaped. His eyes were muddied under the poor lighting—what Cas wouldn’t give to see them as he’d seen them that morning, a rich spring green—the surprise in them was nevertheless sweet. Cas didn’t stop his smile this time, wide and content with his victory.
“Oh,” she said, hackles lowering. “Thanks.” Then a lightbulb went off. “Oh god. You weren’t even asking me out.”
The first class after winter had truly set in, and snow spread like a blanket on the curves of the hills and the sun started to set at 4 o’clock every evening, Castiel handed out the poetry packet for their final unit. In the last seat of the last row, Dean was the last to receive it. He flipped through the packet while Castiel started talking about the era of contemporary poets.
Despite himself, Dean was intrigued. “Alright, go for it.”
power through. He’s been mostly hunting on his own for a couple years now; Dad hadn’t much stuck around after Sam ran off to college. So, no one to take driving shifts with. Not that that had much mattered to John Winchester when Sam and Dean were kids. Dean could swear that John was able to drive from Baja to Maine without stopping for more than gas.
She looked up in question. Dean leaned forward, clasping his hands and settling his elbows on his knees. Like imparting a secret. “You always served us lemonade. And you’d slip me brownies whenever my dad wasn’t looking.”
“What else do you like about the motel?” Dean asked.
Her smile widened, and for the first time Dean saw she was capable of being sunny. “Cool. Shall we?”
“What do you mean?”
“Again!” said Jack.
Dean started and turned. Abaddon was behind him, straddling a bike she’d just ridden in. The engine was loud in Dean’s ears, something off about the whine in it, but still going strong. Abaddon revved it one last time now that she had his attention, just to be an asshole. Only then did she shut it down and hop off. Dean waited for her to toss him the keys, but she dangled them off the tip of her finger instead. Barely refraining from rolling his eyes, Dean stretched his arm over the bike and held out his hand. The horns of the talisman had left deep indents in his palm.
To Chris Cornell, Kurt Cobain, Layne Staley, Dolores O'Riordan, Shannon Hoon, and Scott Weiland; Chester Bennington and Chi Cheng; Prince, Janis Joplin, Jimi Hendrix, and the rock'n'roll artists from every generation who left us too soon, by accident or otherwise. You showed us all how to live.
“You don’t say,” said Dean. “What sorta stuff do you write?”
He narrowed his eyes, about to point out that “friends” doesn’t exclude girls, when his mental rolodex flipped through all the characters and came up empty. “Oh,” he said, looking down at the book with something like betrayal. “He is kinda…dismissive.”
“I don’t know who
One of them was Sam Winchester. “Thank you for coming,” said Cas.
It wasn’t until he was alone on the county road, halfway between Maple Hills and home, when the tears got so bad he started choking on them. Only then did Dean realize he was crying. He swerved to the road’s edge, gritting his teeth through the rumble strip, and roughly turned off the car. Baby’s engine cut off with a wheeze. The sobs were loud, now, in his ears, and suddenly even the car was too much, the car John Winchester had bought and driven for most of his life. Dean stumbled out on the empty road and clutched his hands to his head, digging his fingers into his scalp, squeezing his eyes shut. No other sound could be heard but the light swaying of the trees; he hadn’t seen anyone else for ten miles. Another sob ripped its way out of his throat, despite his desperately trying to swallow it down. He turned and slammed his elbows onto the roof of the car, burying his face in his hands.
Just then one of the seagulls that had periodically been circling the cove landed not ten feet away from Dean. And if there was one, there had to be more…
“Understandable,” Cas acknowledged, smiling.
“Yeah, from you!”
Sure enough, Sam had come up to stand at his shoulder. “Hey Az, thought you couldn’t be within five miles of a school.”
Sam brightened. “I know, right? Used to go to Aspen a lot and none of the fancy places were as good as Ellen’s recipe.” He stared down at his drink, smile fading, fingers tapping nervously. “Don’t think about those times a lot anymore.” He took a longer slug and pasted a smile back on. “We were talking about bees?”
“How so?”
want?”
“Leaves are falling all around,
“It’s alright,” said Missouri, though she looked a little skeptical. “But you can trust him to keep your confidence.”
An image flashed in his head—how Dean looked at him with such sweet surprise in the sunlight on the bridge, waterfall at his back—but
from his mind he carefully lifted the old record from the turntable and slid it back into its sleeve. Gently he set down for Cas to put in the right spot and began scanning the shelves. Right away he realized that the records were in order of time released, more or less, and he skipped from one shelf to the next in search of the 70s. The truly awesome thing about the collection wasn’t just that it was enormous, but it was almost every genre all the way through the early 90s when they’d pretty much stopped pressing them. Forget the motel, Castiel had a hell of an inheritance right the fuck here. Especially so since Dean found exactly the album he was looking for.
His arrival in Maple Hills almost came as a surprise; one moment there was the endless road, and the next the trees opened up to the old mill town, quaint and New England to the core. The tiny town center had the obligatory little white church with its steeple, a small coffee shop, a diner, a bookstore. It was nice to see the utter lack of major brands, though Dean had passed those on the outskirts. It was probably a decent living when your main clientele was loyal locals and poor college students wanting something close and cheap and good. There weren’t many people out and about despite the nice weather, pleasantly warm but not too hot. Orientation must not be until later in August.
“Sure. I trust your taste.”
“You’re part of it,” said Dean. He panted; it was taking all of his energy to prop himself up with an elbow. “You’re a part of it all. I can see it now.”
