Is this how Stefen saw him? Tony wondered, finding it difficult to swallow as he drank in the renderings. This man of motion and mystery, with laughter behind his eyes and sadness tucked into the corner of every brilliant smile?
“Tony picks them. I think they’re pretty. Don’t you Uncle Bucky?”
Ian hung back, not vying for attention or to edge any of his siblings out of the way so he could take a coveted spot next to the captain. Tony knew that look in his eyes. It was the same one he’d seen in them the day of Stefen’s big promotion, when James had broken and then ridiculously tried to shove back together his beloved book.
"Tony is glaring at me again. What do you think I did this time?"
He seemed surprised to hear his name come out of her mouth. Who was left now to use it? Father was all that was left of his family and Father never called him by his given name. Even if he and Bucky both wanted it that way, she wondered why no one could see the loneliness in him. She wondered if he’d even see it if he looked in a mirror.
Steve meandered over to his dresser, adjusting his suspenders and leaning over too look in the mirror. The room had been put back, every last surface immaculate, scrubbed clean of the night before.
But therein lay the trouble, because at the first real suggestion of sleeping in a strange bed in a completely foreign setting, the courage of his excited little companions began to waver.
He turned the knob once more and Marlene Dietrich’s soft butterfly voice filled the room.
“We’re already running late and the subterfuge is overkill at this point.” She stuck her hand out for Stefen to shake. Tony grinned at the dark way Stefen glowered at the appendage as if he expected it or the woman to try and bite him. The woman carried on, breezily. “Catherine Bonnaire, I’m here to pick you up.”
“Right. You’re well on your way to being prepared for your maiden expedition. You just need to finish learning all the big words in that book of yours and grow at least this high.” Tony raised a hand about eye level.
The Reich would arrest Tony and put him on trial and when they found him guilty they'd throw him in a prison camp, because that’s what they did to people who opposed them.
They carried on for a while longer before Becker tried one last time. Worry eating at him. Schmidt was not one to play games with and for some reason the General had taken a special interest in their battalion.
“Uncle Bucky, will you dance with me?” Sara asked, swinging her legs against Stefen’s shins. His expression must have been one of horror because Stefen let out a bark of laughter (the fucker) and Sara swiveled to look up at him. “What?” she asked her brow furrowed in confusion. “Why are you laughing?”
Though Péter had only been gone for a few weeks Tony had to pause and marvel at the changes in him since putting him on the train back in September.  The boy had grown several inches more, shooting up like a weed. There was an inch of bare ankle just below his trousers that a mother would be itching like a leper to remedy.  If he remembered Tony would have to tell Pepper the boy needed new trousers ordered.
. Where was Maria?
A small smile played on Stefen’s lips as he made his case.
"Charles told me that you were learning code breaking today, on the radios." Natacha pressed back with a knowing stare and Péter flushed before shrugging again.
Tony felt another swell of fondness tangled with the ache of longing and reached out to place a companionable hand upon the boy’s back.
“Tony no!” she screamed as Tony slammed the radio against the wall with all his might, pulled back and slammed it again, and again, until two pairs of arms were grabbing his and pulling him back. The radio fell to the floor in a broken heap, and Natacha was there on her knees scrambling with shaking hands to try and collect all the fragmented pieces. Péter and Ian were on either side of Tony, gripping him, staring up at him with shock and horror.
“Unless of course you’d like some?” he teased. “Since you’re fifteen and a man and everything.”
"Péter?"
Steve thought Tony almost looked deranged, his fingers curled beside his head as he ranted and heaved a frustrated breath, his eyes burning into Steve’s with anguish now. Like the words were being ripped right out of his chest. As if he was not a lying bastard!
"Why didn't you tell me-" Steve began to demand but a solid punch in the shoulder cut him short as Bucky growled at him.
But he could see now why Stefen always acted so strangely torn, like a man with one foot in the grave and one without. If this worked it would all be over. With Hitler gone they could turn back the threat of war and heal the scars he’d gauged into the nation.
Ian buried himself further into the sofa and growled. He didn’t like the poem. The image of the dead bird weighing down the sailor, imagining the constant overpowering stench.
The captain landed with a thump on the bed his voice cracking out of him as he continued to issue orders.
The knife in her hand had become a sinister weight, like holding the tail of a snake. She wanted to hurl the horrible thing away, to curl into a ball and cry for her father (for her mother) but she couldn’t let go of it. Mother was dead and very soon, her father might be too. She must be strong.
“It’s alright Ginny. It’ll get sorted out.” Tony heard him mummer.
Steve felt a surge of frustration wash over him; not at Tony, but at himself, and the foolish belief he’d so briefly entertained that he could keep this part of himself contained.
He shifted his stiff arms a bit and ran a hand across the wood frame of his cot. Sometimes it helped, tapping out a tune he knew by heart. It took him somewhere else when the prisoners where allowed nothing but the oppressive silence that hung over them every waking moment.
Stefen nodded slowly and Tony stepped back, guiding the children to the corner of the stage leaving him standing alone in the center. The captain stood for a long moment, staring down at the mandolin in his hands, thumb nervously stroking a chord but not hard enough to produce any sound. Tony’s heart beat painfully fast within his chest, wondering if he’d frozen and he and Bucky shared an anxious look. Just when Bucky shifted, clearly about to make some sort of move, Steve finally spoke.
Clearing his throat loudly, Tony called for the attention of the remaining guests, “Ladies and Gentlemen may we have your attention? Our birthday boy would like to thank you all for coming, and to devote the rest of this fair but nippy evening to dancing.”
"Shut up." Steve growled, grabbing Bucky by the collar roughly until the man had silenced. If they had been boys again, knocking each other around in the back of the caravan Bucky might have taken a swing at him, but they weren't those boys anymore. There was war behind both their eyes, and the violence that slept there was not as tightly caged as either of them would have liked and not nearly so tame as it had once been.
He’d relished it (the proper mess of it all) and thought it good.
“I think it’s a busty blue!”
“I’m sorry,” the captain interjected. “You were sent by the monastery for me, for my household, correct? Are you always so talkative?” Tony frowned, almost too distracted by the implied insult to notice the slight way the captain had slurred his words. Tony watched as Rogers made a move as if to rub his hand over his face but aborted the motion at the last moment.
"You kept them from arresting him sooner. That's different."
It had taken him a moment to realize he had gotten out of bed and was standing in the middle of his room, half naked and trembling, another moment still to realize that the sound he’d heard wasn’t the screaming of wounded men but the plaintive cries of Bucky’s violin.
Steve couldn’t help but glance at Tony in the rearview, but Tony was no longer looking at him at all. He was staring out the window with an emotionless expression that made Steve’s gut churn. It was the first time all night that Steve thought Tony looked distant from everyone else, like his body was present but his spirit had already begun to wander someplace else. If Tony were Rom, Steve’s mother would have said in that knowing way she had,
A rough chuckle rumbled from the captain’s chest and he looked just as surprised by it as Tony was. It made something warm glow within Tony’s chest in response, his lips tilting upward in shared mirth as he returned an encouraging smile. While luck was on his side and the captain seemed captivated by his story Tony implored him once more.
Tony might touch his face, the way he’d so gently touched his arm earlier in the garden… might pull Steve down and kiss him. Press that sweetly smiling mouth to his like he’d been waiting his whole life for it.
Dvorak didn’t move or speak, and Steve stood on shaking legs, waiting, pleading silently with the other man not to pull the trigger. Henrick’s unsteady breaths plumed in the cold winter air between them for a long drawn out moment, but it was Steve who spoke first.
“Lunch is ready, Herr Stark.”
“Your name?” Tony asked.
“Bucky leave it.” Steve interjected, stepping between the two and effectively blocking Tony from the other man’s sight. Bucky didn’t fail to notice the gesture either and looked an inch away from taking a swing at Steve. Steve almost wished he would. He was wound too tight and waiting for Bucky without knowing what had delayed him or if he was still okay had only made it worse. He could use a good fight just then.
First Peter and now their father.
“You’re all right. I just-” Father shifted, his features twisting to put on a convincing show of light heartedness. Convincing if you were three and thought your stuffed bear could talk like Sara. But Natacha could see the cracks, the shift of muscles and skin that only rang true in its earnestness to be so. The effort it was taking him just to smile looked monumental.
He had to be imagining it, his frantic mind insisted even as he pushed through the pressing crowd and his eyes widely sought the figure of the young man in what he now recognized as a very dirtied Hitler Youth uniform, who was turning to look at him with wary brown eyes that widened with disbelief and went glassy with shocked recognition.
“Please! Don’t be afraid. I -”
That terror that he’d witnessed in Stefen’s eyes couldn’t be explained away by whatever rebellion he was involved in, because if that was the case he had only to stop. With what he had to lose Tony might not even have judged him too harshly. But Stefen did not behave like a man afraid of the consequences of his actions. He behaved like the hunted.
with her.”
“Shall we get to it, gentlemen? I’d like to get out of these heels as soon as possible.” She prompted, eyes tracking over Tony and the children for a moment before she added, “And I bet you could all use some grub.”
"Hmm." Tony hummed, deciding not to lie to her. "He just might. But I promise you won't have to eat any if you don't want to."
(German) Christ child. The tradition of the baby jesus bringing gifts on Christmas eve was started by Martin Luther during the Protestant Reformation in 16th–17th-century Europe. By the 1900’s the image of the Christkindl had morphed from a baby into an angel figure in many places.
“You’ve got to take something apart to understand it properly.”
“Nothing happened. I had a silly disagreement over a boy with Ingrid.” The girl answered tonelessly as Tony examined her. He didn’t believe her, but didn’t think it would do any good to say so. Wordlessly he reached in his pocket for his handkerchief to offer her. She accepted it with a grateful nod and wiped at her face. When she was more presentable she handed it back explaining softly, “Péter took another patrol tonight. It’s wonderful, isn’t it Herr Stark? How keen he’s become about the HJ?”
“A novice from the church stopping in for kaffeetrinken.” Virginia interjected and Hammer swelled up like an agitated bird.
James shook his head and tucked his face into his father’s shoulder blades. Tony could still see the smirk though as he replied, “I like it up here on you.”
But from the minute that he and Nonno had approached the teller’s desk, Tony could tell that they were going to be disappointed.
"Can I ask you something? Though, you'll probably think it's impertinent." He asked before he could stop himself and the curiosity in her eyes only deepened. She didn't reply, but she didn't look away either and Deiter felt sweat beading around his collar.
! What the hell had she been thinking?!
means to you. It wasn't until Bucky realized that I had this that he snapped. So I'm giving it back."
Wordlessly Péter turned and fled from the room, but Tony only relaxed once the captain had returned to his seat. He’d not been sure he would, because once there was a time when Stefen would have stormed away, leaving the other children in the wake of his dark bursts of temper. Tony was grateful for Stefen’s restraint, but perhaps doubly so for whatever made him stay.
He’d chosen a spot near the window where he could keep his eyes peeled for trouble, but there were hardly any people on the streets at this hour. Once curfew had passed it had become a ghost land.
~*~*~*~
That was new.
It occurred to him as Natacha helped him get the little ones settled with Maria on one side of Tony and Sara on the other, and then primly made a place for herself on the other side of Sara, that perhaps it wouldn’t go over well if Rogers were to discover his daughters cozied up in their very male tutors bed, but one look at Maria and Sara’s terrified faces and he just didn’t have the heart to send them away. Natacha was more subtle, but Tony noticed the way her shoulders tensed with every peel of thunder.
these men do Tony? I’m trying to protect all of you! I don’t want to fight you on top of it.”
"They're here," Harrison confirmed once Bahkuizen had looked up from the map he and the others had been arguing over for the last hour.
“Father’s coming!” Artur shrieked before Tony could even dare to ask it, and something tight in Tony’s chest suddenly unclenched when Stefen nodded shortly, looking incredibly uncomfortable.
It was not addressed, but it was stamped rather surprisingly with a familiar seal.  Steve had seen it before, on the letters that had come from Father Farkas at St. Péter’s Abbey when he’d first inquired about a tutor.
He wanted nothing more than to grab Susann and confront her about Frau Neumann but Natacha looked like she was having fun.
“We have a front door. Why sneak in at all?” She asked slowly, and far too suspiciously for Tony’s liking. Clinton flashed a crooked grin and shrugged.
Tony felt his lips stretching in a smile he feared was somewhere on the besotted end. His head was full of Stefen, his nose full of the scent of him – of sex and sweat to be sure, but of Stefen – and of the flowers in their vases, and his heart had never felt so heavy or so light all at once. Tony’s eyes slipped closed, an old song humming gently through his mind and a smile curved his lips.
The captain didn’t say it, but he didn’t have to.  It was there in the eyes of both boys, that they understood such a journey would be a one-way trip, fraught with peril. What if the captain’s information was wrong and they ended up in an entirely different town than their parents? They’d be stuck in a foreign country with nothing to help them, without even being able to speak the language. It was a horrible fate to imagine, but Tony knew how it was worse in some ways, to be safe not knowing the fate of your loved ones.
“Vati, look!” the little voice happily calling out to him struck him like a charging bull.
“Tony.” Steve groaned, defying Tony’s attempt at gentleness by clasping onto his hips and dragging him back down, stealing Tony’s breath again with every electric slide of friction. “Please.”
Weren’t they all, Tony thought with a dry twist of his mouth. Sieger eyed Tony distrustfully, resuming his pacing as he muttered, “The sooner all this calms down the better. You’ll see.”
He remembered how she'd taken care of him when he got that fever, making him swallow sour remedies and rubbing his chest with a warm towel as she sang him to sleep.  In gypsy. Because that was what she was and father hadn't told them because he'd not wanted anyone to find out.
Tony watched Natacha closely but her expression was guarded. He could not tell how his words had landed with her at all. Perhaps even now she intended to go to Pepper or Hammer to tell them about the things that Tony had said. So be it.
“I’m going to be sick!” Steve cut him off, with a shout as he staggered for the door, no longer caring how it looked or who it alarmed.
“What’s going on?” he repeated the question and this time she answered him, even if it was in a very Natacha way.
Péter seemed to sense his hesitation and made a little face, slowly answering “They’re all right.”
! Steve crashed to his knees as he went down, hands and knees scraping the pavement as he rushed to reach them, his heart still slamming away in his chest.
"Father, don't you like your fish?" Ian asked with concern and Steve mustered up a smile and took another bite of the Pike that Willlamina had prepared.
“How was your nap?”
“Good. Tony, don’t. You’ll only give him false hope.”
Tony. A sob built and broke in Steve’s chest, his eyes darting about every which way in search, but finding only the blank faces of his captors.
“I’m sorry, ask me to do what?”
“What are you doing?” She hissed lowly through her tight smile, brows scrunching together in confusion.
Brother Simone arranged for a village man with a truck to give him and Bruce a ride to the train station and he arrived bright and early on a crisp morning in early December.  Restless and eager to return home, Tony was out of bed, shaved and dressed in the oversized travel clothes the Brothers had scrounged up for him in record time, to meet Bruce and their escort in the drive and gratefully accept the flask of schnapps Brother Simone foisted on them, wishing them good health and safe travels.
-------
“Captain” Jarvis spoke up and Steve fought his natural inclination to flinch at the sudden voice, keeping his face towards the physical bot before him, he flicked his gaze towards the ceiling “Yes Jarvis?”
that. Tony jerked back with a quickness that even amazed him, his hands coming to rest atop his thighs, while he sputtered “Wh-what? No I mean, why does that…” Tony trailed off clearly unsure of what he should even be asking.
Steve gave Tony a watery smile while he lifted one limp hand to cradle the back of Tony’s head gently. Slowly, giving Tony plenty of time to protest, he pulled the other man forward until their lips pressed together gently. Warmth hummed through his body as if electrified. “Thank you Tony,” Steve murmured against those soft lips, twining his arm around the man’s waist to pull him closer, “for everything.”
And I don't see you
The second creation of Tony’s that Steve met was Dum-e. Steve had gone to the workshop looking for Tony, and despite Jarvis’ reassurances that Sir was not in fact hiding in the workshop, Steve couldn’t help but go looking anyways. Steve was restless and even though he had moved into the tower a week previously he couldn’t help the nervous energy created by his new surroundings. This led to him randomly searching out Tony, his host in his mind, and someone he should be cordial with due to those implications. Tony constantly laughed and brushed him off but Steve knew he was probably going to be nervous about this for awhile.
“I can’t even do something as simple as shave and I should be able to shave and I
“This is Butterfingers. Sir finished creating her AI system a week ago, but hadn’t named her until yesterday.”
“If you must look somewhere you can look at the ceiling although I do not actually reside there. I have noticed it makes most humans more comfortable when speaking with me. Otherwise in the elevators my camera’s are in each upper corner and you can look at any of them if you prefer a more direct approach. If you prefer this approach I can always let you know what camera is closest in any given room until you are aware of all of them.” Another pause and Steve was able to recognize that this was just a pause, not the end of the answer, “Sir mostly just faces forward as if I was before him like any other human. I do not expect you to also follow this but I wanted to provide all possible options.”
“If I unplug this wire will it be detrimental to anything?”
------
When Steve met Butterfingers he’d been more amused than anything. At this point he’d been living in the tower for six months and had been coming to the shop pretty consistently, he’d thought he’d met all the bots already but clearly Tony had another tucked away.
Whatever Tony had expected it
Steve shook his head, knowing now wasn’t the time to be amused over such a thing. “Why wont U power down? What is...U afraid of?” Steve asked as he moved to the other side and started drying off that side, patting the side of the strut soothingly.
Captain, if you’d please move to the east wall there is a bank of elevators there that you may find of use.
After a few hours Butterfingers finally started to calm down and Steve recognized it the way one might notice a puppy tiring from playing. Patting her support strut softly he motioned to the charging station “How about you go to bed? I”ll come back soon and you can show me what else you learned.” Steve murmured, and to his amusement the small bot trilled happily before zooming to her charging station. Dum-e and U followed at a more sedate pace, having stayed and watched as if watching over the newer bot protectively. He patted them all goodnight before he left, amused and happy.
“H-hey there” Steve coughed, eyes squinting as he took in the bot and realized it wasn’t Dum-e or U, much too small. “Who might you be?” Steve asked directly, knowing Jarvis would fill him in eventually.
Steve laughed as he patted the strut of the bot, “How about I help you make a smoothie, Dum-e?” Steve corrected as he stepped out of the path of the bot, laughing more as he watched it zoom off with a series of beeps that could only be interpreted as excitement. “I’ll take that as a yes.”
Steve released the breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding and rolled his weight until he was back on his feet. Standing slowly he patted Dum-e on his strut “I’ll be right back Dum-e, lemme grab a pillow and I’ll sit with you until Jarvis says its safe for U to power back on okay? It’ll be fine you’ll see.”
“Drying U off is a good start, U is fine, however, he just needs to be powered down while the motors dry. However with Dum-e’s panic I’m having a hard time convincing U that it's okay to power down.” Jarvis answered after a moment's pause, and Steve had a half-second moment of amusement over the frustration he was capable of hearing in those British tones.
“Where, where do I look when talking to you?” Steve asked next, trying to refrain from turning in a full circle to continue the search for the speaker of the voice the way his brain screamed at him to do. There was a small pause before the voice--Jarvis spoke back up.
“Too late.” Steve grumbled although he wasn’t upset at all, shifting Steve rolled and wrapped his arm around Tony’s waist, only then realizing the other man was sitting up. Steve huffed as he curled his upper body around Tony’s back and buried his face in the man’s hip, still too tired and not fully awake. “Why’re you up? Whats beeping?” Steve murmured into the man’s hip, ignoring the way the man squirmed at the motions.
“Yes sir, an artificial intelligence. My primary objective is to protect sir, but my secondary objectives allow me to monitor and run the daily operations of the tower. I noticed your presence upon your entrance to the tower, wanted to introduce myself. Is there any way I may be of assistance today?”
“I’m gonna call her Minibot, I hope you know that Tony” Steve huffed on a breath of laughter, happier than anything.
“The last time Dum-e got wet, which was a completely different situation, he was powered down for six months and that loss of time messes with his system and thus causes him to fear the idea. It wouldn’t be the same situation here but U is still young and doesn’t understand.” Jarvis responded after a moment, and if the AI could sigh, Steve really thought it would.
“They’re going to have it thoroughly secured! It’s not like they left it in a random warehouse where the local delinquent could wander in and take it for a joy ride.” Bucky snapped.
His shield was now yards away but now they were surrounded.
“Why do you want all the souls?” Steve clarified.
“Well,” he smiled, “I did have the best little helper in the world.” He said as he tickled Ellie’s ear before taking up her plate. She giggled delightfully.
“Whoa there Steve, no hurry.” She smiled.
Steve started to give Tony ‘the look’ again. The billionaire with every intention of getting under the Soldiers skin started to obnoxiously full on laugh out loud.
"There are too many of them!"
They made it out and shut the door behind them in the nick of time. They can hear the Hulk’s echoing snarl as he tears up the Super Duper meeting room once more.
“And do you also know that despite everything and I mean ‘everything’ that has happened so far I can still read you like a book?”
He did not know. All he did know was that he was going to spend the last of it with his brother because he knew it was the end of the line and there was no place on heaven, hell and earth he’d rather be.
“Yes it is. If you have any questions or need anything I am but a button push away.”
“You do realize you said that out loud, right?”
“Damn.”
“I can show you those some time.”
“As soon as we get things at the school under control we will return and continue to assist you in this case.  For the sooner we solve this case together the sooner my students will be free from this fate.  Until then I bid you all fare well.”
“I see you have brought yet another Midgardian with you.” He looked Steve up and down.
Steve’s confusion melted to shock then to equal excitement as four children bounded into his studio.
“Of course Captain.” Xavier replied as he melded into a look of concentration and started to head to the labs.
"Okay, Ellie. You are going to carry Howard's present." He said handing her the bag.
As the battle against the hell birds raged on on the other side of the city, none were present to hear the last reverberating beats of this particular heart monitor. Thus, no one was there to witness Steven Grant Rogers succumb to the alluring siren call of sweet eternal oblivion.
“What were you thinking about?” Tony asked unabashedly.
“Tell Tony to come back.”
Luckily there were still enough miracles in the world and he did not have to do it alone.
His body obviously coming off of the adrenaline high. He looked up into Ironman’s face plate knowing Tony’s face is just beyond that. The genius looked back down at the solder in his arms.
That made Péter grin.
“I’ve got a few more hours in me yet. I slid most of the way down here.”
“The country’s changed, Steve. They all do. Hell, our home doesn't even exist anymore. Yesterday it was Galicia today it’s Poland, tomorrow it will be fucking Ukraine for all we know. You’ll spend your whole life fighting someone elses war if you aint careful. So busy protecting everybody elses life you never stop to have one of your own.”
The twins scrambled off the bed and under the table, and Tony let the linins fall back into place, his heart pounding steadily against his ribcage. He yanked the sheet off the old bed for good measure, sending a plume of dust into the air, and threw it over the table. The radio looked too intriguing a lump under those linens, he thought quickly, surveying the rest of the room for something, anything, more to help. Spotting an open trunk of dusty books, Tony ran and grabbed a stack of them, running back to the table to begin piling them around and on top of the mound.  With any luck, anyone who happened to notice it would just assume it contained more books.
"He didn't give me a key! Not because he wouldn't trust me with one - don't glare at me Bakhuizen, I saw how quickly you assumed he must have! I wouldn’t hurt him and you damn well know it, but he thinks I'm the one who needs protecting while he takes all the risks."
“But what about Vati?” He heard the girl whisper before she was gentled by the housekeeper. A pretty little girl for all that her features weren’t German. She looked a bit like an explosives specialist he used to know. Dark hair and olive skin, small and delicate. Perhaps she was French too?
“Artur.” Steve tried again through clenched teeth.
As the cook bustled about snapping orders and preparing his drink, Bucky sank gratefully into the chair Hortense pulled away from the table and dragged up next to the large oven. She helped him remove his damp coat and scurried away, returning a moment later with a fresh blanket.
He touched his smarting cheek and frowned across the table at Bucky who sat back and regarded him with a frank expression, like one would when they were assessing a stranger and Steve’s gut twisted. Had Bucky seen? Had he seen what Steve had tried so desperately to contain all these years? Why else would he look at him that way...
It was a shame. Tony quite liked his smile.
“That’s not-“ Professor Sieger amended, hands going in the air, flustered and visibly doing his best to hold back his own irritation. “It’s only that- I’m only thinking of the children. They should be back in their own beds. He ran a hand through his curly blond hair, so that his nervous swiping and all the soot in it nearly had it standing on end.
Stefen tasted of the coffee and bites of sweet bread Tony had managed to feed him. He’d have to see that Stefen ate more at lunch he thought as he curled his tongue around Stefen’s and sucked. Tony felt the way his muscles clenched, and how the hard line of his cock pressed eagerly against Tony’s ass as Stefen groaned and leaned hungrily into the kiss.
He nodded once more, taking a deep breath before he pushed open the car door.
He’d always been too smart not to understand what it meant that his mother was a Jew, that
“No wonder Father Farkas is so fond of me.” he quipped, thinking that he clearly had not raised enough hell during his stay at the abbey. Had he known how handsomely Farkas was being paid to put up with him he’d have shown up to vespers in his knickers more than the once.
~ Scapa Flow ~
“How do you do that?” Péter asked and Tony turned to find him leaning close, expression eager.
"Where are the children?" he asked, standing by the time she'd reached his side, eyes raking over the cafe as it emptied with an increasing sense of unease.
It wasn't often Ian felt like grown-ups told him the truth. Tony tried the most and Virginia never out right lied to him but rarely did grown-ups try to tell him the whole truth. He wasn't sure he much liked it now.
Some people wisely began to shift away from the ticket window, expressions tortured but warry of the police. Others stubbornly stood their ground.
Tony yanked out the bits of cloth he’d stuffed in them and pulled down the kerchief protecting his face and grinned at Stefen, adrenaline from the unexpected reunion and the urge to
“Forget him! Forget him you fools! After Rogers!” Schmidt paused to scream into his radio, and that was all Dvorak needed. Dashing out from his cover he fired two shots. One for Helene and one for Rene.
The other children had wanted to spend the day at the Park but Steve and Bucky only had a short window of time to organize their mission and could not afford to waist the rest of the day. Still, he’d hated to disappoint them. He’d almost been glad when Thor’s invitation to join him at the opera that night had come it was a chance to ask the Prince for one more dangerous favor as well as please his children. He’d still had to agree to take them to the park another day (because they were no fools and nothing if not opportunistic) but when they’d left that morning for a trip to the Albertina museum for an art lesson they’d been in good spirits so Steve counted it as a win.
Tony had come into his office, wanting to talk about scheduling a time for the state examiner to come out and give Péter the exam so he could begin his secondary education at a public college in September.
"It just goes to show boys, what impurities in the blood will breed. A man's name is nothing. His value is in what he contributes to his nation. Now, I want this place spotless before you go. Heil the Führer!"
“They’re perhaps a bit impractical, what with everything, but Willy and the rest of the girls should have something nice. Nice things can be so few and far between.” She fretted, her tone taking on a hint of melancholy that needed no explanation. They all knew that this would be the last good Christmas for a while.
Steve nodded, understanding, and gripped the man’s shoulder tightly in thanks before releasing him. When Grimm had left and they were all assembled in the middle of the room looking to him for instruction, Steve leveled them all with a look and said simply, "before we go further, I wanted to say thank you."
“Thats your Da. More for us.”
“Fuck,“ Stefen cursed, breathless and
“I’m sorry boys, if you’ve felt I was keeping you from your grandmother’s memory all these years. It wasn’t my intent.” Steve began, the words coming with difficulty each one harder than the last. “Your Baka was an amazing woman; you should know that. I’m very proud to be her son.”
"Oh I wouldn't father, only Frauline Werner insists that a girl my age should know how to formally address people. You have no brothers, and she insisted that to still call him uncle despite our lack of blood relation was childish. I'll admit I was very embarrassed. Though..." Natacha sighed wistfully, her blue eyes round with innocence as she turned them on Bucky, beseeching, "Though it feels wrong to call you Herr Bakhuizen, doesn't it? As if we were not as close as family? I just don't think I could get used to it, though I will if I must."
“Nothing gentle about me darlin,” Bucky replied, sparing her a brief flash of a smirk because he knew she was trying to distract herself from the pain. He made sure to proceed even more carefully. “I just hate seeing a lady suffering. That’s all.”
“Of course not. You always think that only you are responsible for taking the risks.” She replied with a sardonic lilt and Stefen didn’t bother trying to argue against that point either.
A good book had been Peggy’s copy of “The Ego and the Id’. He hoped It had soothed Stevie. His wife had had very strange tastes. Bucky had struggled through the heavy German text, hardly understanding half of what he was saying. Steve had even called him on it, asking him to repeat what he’d said at more than one point, his voice scraping out of him. He'd asked why Bucky bothered to read it if he neither liked Freud nor understood him. Bucky had scowled back and told him to shut up. Steve, contrary bastard that he was, never did fall back to sleep. Instead he seemed to drift in and out, back pressed to the headboard, breathing stuttering every now and then. It gave Bucky time to observe his friend.
He’d still believed in it, even after the war was lost and the Monarchy in exile. He and Bucky had gone back to leopoldstadt after the war to celebrate their survival. They’d lived (when so many others had died) they couldn’t sleep at night but by god they could drink, and laugh, and kiss pretty women when so many of their brothers could not say the same. They’d barely slept, going from theater house to jazz club each night. Stuffing their senses with music, color, and flesh, and when all of that failed them the best liquor their pensions could buy them.
“Ah, I see. Nevertheless, “She kept her expression pleasant while she continued to deny him. Emil was not a boy who liked to be told no. “My Father will have sent the driver. We don’t live in the city.”
Steve grumbled and Tony could feel the frustration rolling off of him, but he sighed and murmured an agreement.  "I'll just have to prove I mean it slower then."
"This isn't Doctor Doom."
He didn't think when he saw the message was from Natasha.  He just flicked it open before he remembered her words from earlier.  Steve immediately put the phone down, feeling a blush rush across his neck to the tips of his ears. His second mistake was to meet Tony's eyes, and then to accidentally let his eyes drop to Tony's lips, and he was
"Who the hell are you?" Steve asked.
to deal than anything.  This is one of those times I miss Sam, because he was...  well, not our therapist as he liked to remind us, but he had more resources for dealing with that kind of thing.  But if you don't mind some advice that'll make me the world's biggest hypocrite, talk to us.  Don't keep it bottled up.   We... Fuck, I have no clue what we could do, but we'll figure it out together if you let us help."
"She was the one who urged me to go up and actually talk to you when we first met as humans," Steve continued, his hand squeezing Tony's shoulder.  "Some of the other men are scared of her, but when she's in our camp, she smiles more."
"I'll give you my report later," Steve said resentfully, looking back at Tony.
* * *
He could only assume that the sound Iron Man made was a whistle, though it was wildly distorted by the armor.  "It's almost like Nick doesn't trust you not to go anyway," Iron Man said, more humor in his voice than Steve felt.  "So why didn't you call
Quote of the fic:
"Figured it fit, considering I'm here to save you boys when you get in too deep," Pepper said.
"I'll think about it," Steve said.
"You let me worry about that," Tony said, pulling up a chair and propping his feet up on the bed.  "I know you.  Ya won't sleep if you go back to yours.  You'll push yourself 'til you can't push no more, and then you'll be no help to any of us.  Let me take care of you this once, since you're always taking care of me."
Her eyes were glassy and her stare removed. Her face was cut and her night gown was stained with blood from some injury he couldn't see. Next to the girl and the man a woman lay twitching in the throes of death, until she went still - like a discard doll. Without thought, Steve moved her crooked arm into a better position (more comfortable) and turned back to the child. The trio must have jumped from the apartments above. The man had tried to break her fall.
attention.
“No. No definitely not.” Péter quickly assured him, clapping a hand upon the other boy’s shoulder. When he’d arrived at school late for the start of term and been told he’d be living in a dorm with a stranger for a roommate, Péter had not dared to hope he would get along with his new roommate as well as he got on with Harry and Bobby, but fate had smiled on him. Ned was a bit of an outcast but he was brilliant, and funny! And at the International School people seemed to care a lot less overall about anything besides how smart you were.
Steve blinked. Tony was leaning over him somehow. When had he moved? The bottle in one hand was extended toward Steve's nearly empty glass.
“I’m the heir to a fortune Stefen, where would I have learned to spank a fish?” he said at one point, poking at the belly of the thing with his face screwed up in an expression of horror. “I said scale the fish and you know it. You’re just being difficult,” the captain replied dryly, and Tony had to suppress a grin.
Sweat dripped down his throat, pooling in the dip where the neck met collar bone. His legs burned, but it was nothing compared to the fiery ach in his abdomen. Tony was right, they both knew it but the hand he had resting against where Steve's sweat slick skin pulled taut was forgiving in its encouragement. Tony had his other arm braced under his legs guiding him through the windmill motion that was responsible for his present exhaustion.
It wasn’t just the children either.
This way was better. He would have gotten himself killed and dragged the whole family down. She’d had to do it. He'd forced her. He'd -
There was nothing wrong with that… had it ended there. But it didn't. He'd known it from those first stirrings at the cusp of manhood. He'd always wondered what Bucky knew. They’d never spoken of it, one didn’t speak about something of this nature, but Bucky knew him better than anyone.
Bucky snickered.
“It’s very good.” Stefen murmured around a bite of cake somewhat defensively when he caught Bakhuizen gapping at him. Bakhuizen let out a sound between a grunt and an exclamation of shock, staring between the captain and Tony with his brow furrowed suspiciously as if he’d missed something crucial. Which of course he had. He’d not been there to hear Tony admit to his parents’ grisly deaths and his poor handling of it all, so he couldn’t know why Stefen would feel pressured to accept the offering. It was playing a bit dirty but the man should eat more.
No person can know them, no hunter can shoot them with powder and lead: Thoughts are free!
“Are you sure it's not rigged?” he muttered under his breath, frustrated with his lack of progress.
"You’re going to let those wolves-" Tony cut himself off, eyes flickering to the cracked door. Even though they were conversing in another language the idea of being overheard weighed heavy on both their minds. He cleared his throat and looked back up at Steve before he continued again, lower, "Stefen. You have to send him.”
“James is right you know,” she murmured lowly. “You teach above the little ones heads and below ours, and then you blame us for not thinking- throwing tantrums as if you were Sara’s age.”
“What kind of bird can do that?” Artur asked, brow furrowing, and Tony shrugged, letting the smile he’d been fighting finally have its way.
“Father wouldn't like the way Herr Stark behaved this afternoon...” she drifted off, uncertainty in her voice. “I wish he were home. Then none of that would have happened.”
Tony was tempted to look away as Stefen’s eyes searched his but he resisted the feeling as cowardly. He’d not talked about his mother in a long time, but if a fourteen-year-old boy could pluck up the courage, Tony could hardly expect less of himself. And besides, it was for a good cause. Mama would not have minded.
Repeat. Wendy is on her way to Aunty with flowers from Berlin.
Tony could feel the boy’s stare on him often as they bobbed across the sea towards the French coast, flinching at the sound of every aircraft overhead. And there were many. Tony distracted the children and himself by telling them stories from the summer when he and Rhodey had discovered a cave where a boat had wrecked and letters from a fisherman to a sweetheart bound for the Americas. Rhodey had been the first one to dream about going to New York. He’d heard it was a place where a man could be anything, no matter his class or color. Tony had promised he’d build them a boat and they’d sail there together. The stories seemed to help. He even caught their companions listening in a time or two.
"Singing helps you not to feel so bad." Artur was explaining to Charlotte with a knowledgeable air.  "Tony taught us a special song to sing, we tried to tell you. It really works. Doesn’t it Tony?"
Steve blamed the sight of Bucky’s violin resting at the bottom of his trunk as he replaced their dry clothing on top of it, for how his memory haunted him the rest of the morning.
Becker felt his smile slide off his face. Yes, there would be time later, now that he’d finally given Rogers an answer to his question. One hell of a big question.
“He’s alive.” she whispered, reassuring them both. Steve nodded jerkily and Magda pressed her lips together, her shoulders tightening as they lifted toward her ears. It was only a split second of silence, but within it her whole continence changed, as if she was solidifying in front of his eyes.
“I care about my family. They’ve sent people I love to the ghettos and you say I’m here for
"You with me now Ginger?" he asked, stroking up and down her back the same way she'd seen someone rub a spooked horse.
“Take off your pants boy,” Dagmar ordered in a low but firm tone. It demanded to be obeyed.
Tony lifted Maria up and headed toward the boys on the bank.
“Oh no, no, no. I didn't travel all this way for small talk.”
I think that’s why most would rather be dead. Exile… it’s like living with your heart cut out. I did that to us.”
“No.” Stefen’s answer was brusque. Tony felt Stefen’s body flinch and watched him take a breath before he replied again, with painstaking deliberation. “Margrit and I were waiting for her to be old enough.”
Because he loved him.
No one! He wanted to snap.
“They’re coming. Go!” he barked at Rogue reaching for his rifle. The girl nodded, grabbing her pack and the loose end of the wire before darting off down towards the road. The cable was thin and tied low enough to the ground it wouldn’t be easily spotted by an oncoming vehicle. The cable combined with the water (now turned to ice) poured over the road should be enough to take out any oncoming vehicle. It would only stop the first, but one crash was all they needed to block the road and halt the others.
“Very good. And what is your name, little one?" He continued in French, and she answered politely, her tiny brows scrunching as she thought through every word and carefully pronounced them.
“Why do you always gotta get under people's skin like that, Buck?”
And with Charlotte of course.
Once the guests got over the shock that they would be picnicking outdoors and playing rudimentary country games with his neighbors, most everyone got into the spirit of things rather quickly. It helped too that participating in the games and guzzling down Willamina’s hot cider was the best way to keep warm against autumns nip.
Philips barked a dry laugh, the wrinkles deepening on his face.  He turned to amble his way back inside, but turned his head to call over his shoulder, “Get your skinny ass in here Rogers. You’re letting all my heat out.”
He’d put up with one visit from a doctor upon first arriving, but as soon as he had confirmation that his injuries were healing and that he’d heal with more time and rest, Stefen had promptly begun his campaign to break his body back into shape. Given the nature of the injuries he was still healing from, Tony could only imagine that pushing himself daily that way was an agony, but Tony did not get up at god-awful in the morning to sit out here in the cold for nothing. He did it to watch for signs of blood and bruises because Stefen didn’t even feel it sometimes, when he started to bleed.  It was like Grig had said, Stefen had turned to wood. He took whatever pain or pleasure came his way, weathering it all from the same distance.
Captain, not soldiers. They shouldn’t be made to walk in fear!”
“Captain. I do apologize I was not here to meet you. No one informed me you had arrived.” Justin shot Virginia an accusing glance and the housekeeper just stared back at him, as impenetrable as fortress.
Captain Rogers, children?” and she continued quietly after he confirmed. “Antony. No, this is- is no good. He is a bad man. A very bad man.”
“Detailed enough, Mio Capitano?” He murmured with an accomplished grin.
The abbot’s words had not left Tony as he left St Péter's abbey. The sun was just beginning to disappear behind the mountains, the streets were not as clogged as they usually were at this time of day. It could have been the empty shops and apartments looking like old men with sunken eyes, but it could just as easily have been the cold weather.  There were more cars than people, zipping through the streets as they carried men home to their dinners. Only a few brave souls had ventured out on foot it seemed, and Tony was one of them.
He knew it was playing with fire to go down this route of conversation. He could feel Natacha’s eyes glaring a hole into his back and he’d heard stories of children turning in their own parents for saying far tamer things than Tony was; but he could not hold silent and watch these children with good hearts and good minds wander blindly into such a nightmare.
Dear Bruce,
After a long pause he added, “The Führer is concerned, and he wouldn’t be a good leader if he didn’t attend to his soldiers.”
Ian would love a drawing like that. Steve could paint him things for his room. Anything he liked. And he could make good on his promise to teach him to play the mandolin.
~*~*~*~
Tony's heart dropped into his stomach at the news. There was to be a party at the Führer’s home? That was an honor few received. But it was to be expected really, he thought with a touch of fear. Stefen was legend in Austria and what with the tour, all of Germany had become captivated by his unusually gifted little family. And it was so dangerous. This was why Tony’s father had always kept him in the background. It was dangerous to have the love of the people. They’d always want more of you, and Hitler was a jealous leader.
“But where will you sit?” the girl asked, but not before hiding her clenched fist with the coins behind her back as if Tony might try to take them.
“You’re a very astute young woman Natacha. I’m sure you’re an asset to him. You’ll make many friends in the BDM, and with the right guidance you’ll be an asset to the Reich, and that is even better.”
How…? Stefen wondered, standing, staring as the sounds and sights of violence washed over him. How could they do this to their city?
“Hitler has just implemented a new naval plan as well. He anticipates clashing with British forces in the Baltic sea and wishes to build a fleet massive enough to crush them and cross the Atlantic to reach British shores. If these plans are completed the German navy will consist of twelve battlecruisers, ten new battleships, over two-hundred-fifty submarines, one hundred-fifty-eight destroyers and torpedo boats, and fifty light cruisers. Not to mention additional armored ships and aircrafts.
The woman hastily backed away from him, like he might have been carrying some disease, muttering her own quick apology as she righted the shawl that had slipped down her shoulders and hurried from the shop.
Tony laughed, tossing his head back, because Stefen somehow managed to look as petulant as Artur when Tony refused to let him have any more sweets before bedtime.
Patriot brought the papers, usually smuggled under piles of yesterdays issue. Even though he was a negro the others in the group welcomed him because he was the supply man. Though Péter didn't know who made the programs and printed them for Patriot to deliver to them, it heartened him to know that somebody at one of the printing houses must also be on the side of resistance.
Bucky had stalked the search party all night, watching, waiting for the perfect moment. Under the cover of darkness, he’d begun to pick them off. Even with the silencer on his rifle they noticed when their comrades began to drop, and chaos had erupted. They were easy targets with their loud movements and bright torches, but even so Bucky was just one man and they had the benefit of those long reaching beams. He had to keep on his feet, out of reach and out of light, but that turned out to be useful in drawing the search party off Steve’s trail.
Well perhaps not that odd.
And there was the baroness now, weaving through the crowd to reach him, unhurried and outwardly unworried but for a small crease that spoke of concern on her forehead. Still, he couldn’t say way, but it didn't feel right.
He dropped his hands onto the desk eyes fixated on Dvořák.
“I’ll lift you up first, then you can help the children through.” Steve said, turning to hoist him up. Tony was heavy but smaller than a few he’d had to carry over the years, and nothing compared to dead weight. Steve watched him scramble through the small opening, hissing as he inevitably cut himself on broken glass, until he disappeared from view into the black night. Steve could only hope there wasn’t anyone out there, that whoever had come back to the area and fired that gun was long gone. He could only breathe again when Tony's pale face reappeared in the broken window.
“No doubt we have divine influence to thank for such a miracle. Did I hear correctly that you are teaching the children to sing?” he asked, eyes flicking to Herr Stark who tensed under the man’s scrutiny. “Herr Stark was it. No relation of course to the late Hughard Stark?”
“No, sir.”
>Beautiful<
“I don’t mind waiting.”
"Oi! We need to lose these guys. I've only got four more bullets." Clinton hollered, reaching through the gaping hole where the back window used to be to thump his hand poignantly against the back of their seat.
“Maria will cry!” The boy insisted heatedly, balling his tiny fists like he was about to sock the person responsible. “And I don’t want to miss anybody!”
The children rushed from the kitchen, their voices climbing on top of each other as they bullied their way into the sitting room to find tree lit up in candles and gold and silver ornaments, a mountain of gifts at its feet. They attacked them with gusto, and Tony did his best to help Charlotte sort them out and make sure each child got the right set of gifts. While it was clear that Pepper had spared no expense when it came to sweet things and a gaggle of toys, Tony wasn’t surprised in the least that the bulk of the children’s gifts were practical items like new clothes and warm socks. She’d gotten Ian and Péter sturdy pen knives, and small fishing poles for Artur and James. Tony knew for a fact that she didn’t know the first thing about knitting but Natacha seemed very satisfied with her knitting needles and a variety of yarns.
“What else would you call this? Either you’re too drunk to know yourself Stark or you’re too childish to be grateful that I’m trying to protect you from dangerous men!”
Tony blinked and the scent of his mother’s perfume dissolved, her smile disappearing along with the rest of the vision as the door to Hill House opened on creaking hinges. A man stood there in a secondhand suit with heavily greased hair. The front hall was dark behind him. Decidedly
“You’re soft here. Not skin and bones. I like that.” Stefen rumbled in reply, caressing the cheek of his ass once more and Tony smiled into his neck, his heart swelled with near unbearable tenderness.
He couldn’t determine what about the interaction set him so ill at ease and he tried to stifle the feeling as the butler led them to where they could find the major. It was a large house but still installed with Austrian charm.
“The singing, Captain, and their other lessons?” Tony pressed the captain’s retreating back. He paused and glanced back at Tony with a warning stare, but Tony could have sworn there was something almost warm glinting in that blue. Maybe he was just imagining things but the sweet rush of victory filled him when Stefen nodded shortly.
“Please. Can’t you go away?” she pleaded closing her eyes.
“Stubborn brat,” Tony cursed under his breath hurrying toward the boy’s shivering shape. There was ice gathered in his lashes and his lips were blue tinged, but there was a heat an embarrassed heat to James cheeks as he slowly blinked up at them, working his jaw stubbornly as if he were contemplating telling them to piss off. Not for the first time Tony was torn between wanting to strangle him and hold him close. God the poor thing looked wretched. How would he explain this to Stefen?
"Wanda." Peitro laid a consoling hand on her shoulder once more. "What have I told you? We've escaped the Nazis. Soon father will join us and then - "
“If you’re looking for a damn solution-” Steve started to snarl and Khammler’s head snapped up, his gaze hard with warning. Perhaps mercifully, Göring chose that moment to bluster loudly once more.
But Tony couldn’t help but feel a sense of wonder at it, bitter sweet as it was. Over and over again the thought circulated in his mind that Stefen had seen and had done nothing.
“But Tony, this could change the world!” Péter whined, sounding so much like James at his most petulant that Tony laughed. “Why wouldn’t he want to help us?”
Tony’s heart thudded painfully in his chest.
“In the dark?” Artur exclaimed, wrinkling his nose incredulously.
Just to be sure they didn't, boys from the youth program were tasked with patrolling both ends of the street to make sure everyone kept the peace, and that no Jews tried to do anything illegal like going someplace they weren't wanted or walking about without their designated stars.
Mother had warned her and Péter. They’d been cuddled together on their parent's bed, upset that their grandmother was too ill to see them. Péter had questioned why, when mother always said that medicine was good for them, and their mother had answered that medicine would make you sick when you weren't sick but was good for you when you were.
Steve clung to the dream but the light spilling in from the window dragged him toward wakefulness. Slowly, he opened his eyes and stretched his legs out. His muscles protested and then accommodated, easing to the morning chill in the room. He was stiff from sitting prone for so long. Steve shifted, thinking of his dream, his hand curling on his thigh. He was stiff all over. His eyes flicked nervously to the men lying around the room in their sleeping bags, a few early risers like himself already beginning to stir. It wouldn’t be the first time any of them had seen a man wake up eager, but the pressure in his groin was insistent and he didn’t relish the embarrassment of walking around stiff all morning in front of the men.
Perhaps he was waiting on Himmler to join them for tea.
The arm he was using to block the light with the pillow was wet again. He rubbed at his eyes till they stung. Men. Don’t. Cry. He thought viscously, hating that it did nothing to stop the urge.
"Well keep him in bed. I'm going to fetch Erskine."
“And yet, it’s not you they want to help. Rather they want you to put your life at risk,
“Yes Father.” She agreed easily. Too easily. Steve narrowed his eyes at her.
“Look, I have no problem with Harry. I’m sure he’s a nice kid. But let’s limit the climbing up the side of the house in the dead of night and trying to give Tony heart attacks bit in the future, yeah? Do that for me and we’ll just consider this whole thing a secret between you and me.”
"What do you want Tacha? Just spit it out." He finally snapped nudging her with the toe of one socked foot and she glared down at it with an expression of disgust.
He was hot. Had he been cold before? He couldn’t recall the feeling now, not even the memory, not with the flick of flames just under his skin.  Every bone and muscle ached. His arms felt like they had been ripped off him and reattached.
Two days later Herschel left the infirmary on a stretcher, his eyes wide and mouth slack in death. Steve watched them carry the body, unable to look away.
He hardly needed to, he assured himself with a shake. He had a firm hand on his more wayward desires and what with seven children to his credit it wasn't like he had anything left to prove to anyone.
Rules where all they had and tacha had taken to keeping them like religion.
Stefen took Janneke’s hand when she offered it and stood there like a plank as the woman kissed his cheeks, chattering brightly to the group, but his eyes stayed fixed on Bucky who stood silently beside her staring right back. Tony could feel the back of his neck beginning to sweat. He reached for his glass, downing the rest of the liquor as he franticly tried to think up ways to salvage the situation if things went south.
He didn’t have to think about Weiss as he cracked away at gears, the click and clank of metal singing in his ears, or the way the Captain had looked at him with such resignation and sadness, even as Tony had been promising the children that this was not the last they’d see of their beloved gardener. He didn’t have to think on how a man like Samuel became ‘beloved’ to a man like Rogers.
“What did I tell you?" Steve asked slowly, dangerously.
“I’m eleven, and I’m sure to get what’s coming to me!”
Tony swallowed through a dry throat and smiled with bravado he didn’t feel.
“Oh alright, if you must know.” She sagged in her chair with frustrated snap. “Péter is gone.”
As the hour grew later and later most of the plates had similarly emptied, but Tony noticed that Bucky’s remained largely untouched. Tony watched him get up from the table and fetch an empty bowl from the cupboard and surreptitiously fill it from the food left on his plate. He went and set the little bowl on the window sill that looked out into the back garden. He stood there staring out into the snow for a long drawn out moment, that made Tony feel as if he wasn’t there in the room with them any longer but somewhere far away. When Bucky finally moved away from the window, he caught Tony staring at him and raised his ever-full mug of wine in mock salute.
forget.
How could he when she didn't even know? When nobody but Tony and Péter knew what she'd done?
“What are you thinking?” he asked, almost scared to.
Wanda paused again taking a breath before continuing her story.
“So near the age of eleven. You must have felt very alone.”
Again the captain blinked far too slowly.
The state of things now meant finding work for his musicians was only getting harder as the opportunities dried up and travel just became more and more impossible. It wouldn't be long now until the work was gone completely. And Bucky didn't kid himself. With what he and Steve had going, he'd be lucky not to face a firing squad long before then.
"A race sounds marvelous," Charlotte piped up, leaving the table where she'd been sipping cider with the Mayor's wife and a few others. The other women looked surprised but quickly grew delighted by the turn of events as Charlotte took off her delicate hat and began pinning up her hair.
Officially trapped he stabbed another forkful of fish and mulishly began to eat under the watchful gazes of his children.
Péter was still trembling with rage but Bobby's sharp elbow jabbed into his side and he did as the other boys did and raised his hand in salute.
Perhaps it was because he had yet to ask her for a dance (at any function) and yet, not long ago he had asked Janneke Van Dyne.
“Boys, that’s not sportsmanly behavior.” Stark chided, though Steve noticed he’d gone back to banging the end of a thin piece of metal into a flat disk and hadn’t even bothered to look up. Steve was caught by the motions of his hands: their quickness and confidence as they plied the metal into his desired shape was arresting, like watching an artist at work.
His tone had gone placating and quiet as if he expected Steve or one of the others to punch him or worse.
Péter shrugged, not bothering to answer. Natacha had always been better at taking control of the house than he had, warming eagerly to their responsibilities as the eldest.
He could hear the James teeth chattering, which did not bode well, but he wasn’t so frozen apparently that he couldn’t muster the will to speak because Tony saw his face scrunch up with the familiar signs of temper. Franticly Tony made a silencing motion as James opened his mouth to scream no doubt, and Péter hastily clamped his hand over the younger boy’s mouth, making a frantic motion of his own.
The man swiped at the air again, accelerating the automobile forward. This time Steve could hear the strained call from inside. “Move, get out of the way –”
Steve gulped for breath while Tony fetched a wet rag from the basin by the bed to wipe him down, his expression one of disapproval.
Steve unclasped his son's vice like grip from behind his neck and held Artur's hands in his own.
They started of course with the winter classics, which thankfully it wasn’t that difficult for Stefen to sing along with. He wasn’t as smooth as either Tony or the children, but his voice was pleasant and with training he could have done very well with himself.
“Hideous?” Tony muttered and Stefen’s smiled widened.
Their leader made a speech to his followers, of which the following quotations are of interest: “Always remember that no human beings are here, only swine.”—“Whoever does not wish to see blood may go home immediately.”—“No one who does harm to a prisoner need fear reprimand.”—“The more you shoot, the fewer we must feed.” – First Report of Dachau Concentration Camp, THE NEW REPUBLIC STAFF August 7, 1934
“Am I the first lover you’ve taken?” Tony repeated the question of earlier, determined to at least broach the conversation before they were otherwise distracted. Stefen chuckled darkly against his neck.
Tony closed his eyes and sighed.
-The Farm-
Instead of dignifying Bucky’s disgusting threat with a response, Tony pushed Stefen’s sweaty bangs out of his face and bent close, asking quietly, “Ready?”
The trouble with holding things back from someone you cared deeply for, was that the blasted secrets became something like rocks tied to ones feet. The weight of them just got heavier and more cumbersome with each moment. Tony didn’t imagine that he knew everything there was to know about Stefen either, but he couldn’t miss the fact that after the conversation they’d had in the music room that the scales had somehow tipped. Somehow Stefen had become the one who seemed open and vulnerable while Tony kept his cards clenched tightly to his chest.
Don’t Bucky had warned.
“So you just shot him!” Steve cut himself off, his stomach lurching with a sick feeling as the image of Péter laying purple and gray assaulted him. Péter was someone in a place he shouldn’t be.
"I've been out for coffee with Miram Svader and his cousin. They're both surveillance police. Do you know them?" she asked in a seemingly harmless fashion and Steve felt his hackles rise, but took a breath to keep calm.
“Péter made a lazy assumption because it was easy to do so and he suffered for it. Sneaky on my part? Yes, I’ll grant you that.” Tony admitted with a shrug. “But maybe now he knows better than to listen with half an ear and make assumptions. As for the rest of you I can’t teach you if you refuse to use your brains. So we are done here. You’re dismissed.”
Who was going to look out for Ian and keep him from murdering James? Who was going to make sure that Artur didn’t try to go searching in the lake for alligators again? And what were Anamarie and the other X-Men going to do without him?
“Grazie, mio Capitanio.” He murmured, gently pressing a far more chaste kiss against the captain’s cheek as he drank in the feel of his breath tickling over his skin and the hazy warmth in Stefen’s eyes, as his arms slid around Tony’s body and held him tight.
There were less people here, but certainly more cars.
“He blamed them because of me. All those people…” Her voice trembled, cheek moving against his chest with every word she spoke. There was a glimmer of tears in her eyes. “They were just dirt to him.”
The show had nearly been canceled altogether, after another local man had been murdered. There was a strict curfew in effect, but people were so keen on it that the show had been pushed up, and curfew extended an hour to accommodate the performance. Tony was uncertain how Natacha would react to his plans, so he elected to just surprise her. He taught music that afternoon, but not her section. He made sure to wrap up early in order to make his way to the Rivera district to catch her on her way out of class. The children had mathematics that afternoon with Professor Golding, who was teaching out of a donated conference room at the hotel.
“We’re almost done, Artry,” he murmured gently. He wanted to give it a few more minutes in the steam to be completely rid of that rattle. Artur didn’t complain. He just continued to cling to Steve as he had done since Steve had carried him in from the car. While Tony had gotten Sara undressed Péter had drawn the bath. Steve had just stood there holding his son, remembering the misery of his own youthful illnesses all too keenly as he rubbed his child’s back. Artur had clutched at his shirt, his entirely too long legs dangling listlessly in midair.
“Da?” Steve didn’t know how long he lay there counting his own breaths until James squeaked from where he rested beside Natacha. Steve was glad to see his pale face had regained some color to it. “I don’t want to go on a boat ever again.”
And that was it. Over and done in a minute.
Natacha’s quiet voice when it came startled him. The young girl stood in front of his desk, blue eyes boring down into him with censure.
Tony recognized the face of Tiberius Stone among a cluster of brothers making their way toward the library and saw the way the man's eyes widened at the sight of him.  He offered the monk a wordless salute as he marched by, and if there was a swagger in his step so be it. He was free of this place, he reminded himself. And a better man for it, no matter what people like Tiberius thought.
“Are we leaving?” Artur poked his head out from where he was seated behind James, squeezing his brother’s waist impatiently.
Steve closed his eyes and shuddered.
it?! Intestinal cramps, labored respiration, chest pain, cough, shakes – Tony’s head filled with a sudden vision, a memory from long ago.
And Father… how would he look at her then?
Four. Five. Six. Steve's chest sagged toward the floor as he struggled to catch his breath. His chest burned, but his arms weren't shaking yet and that was an improvement over the last few days.
The ship anchored at the end of the dock was a British vessel, which was in and of itself reason or wariness as the tensions between Germany and Britain only escalated and the British government made their censure of the Reich felt. With spies everywhere and rebel traitors aiding them, one had to watch the enemy closely.
How dare he say this was Tony’s fault? As if it were
Branches swept at the truck, clawed fingers reaching in earnest. Snow continued to fall, fogging what little space they could see between the thick branches hovering over the thin mountain road.
“Stefen, I’d leave with you in an instant but that’s not what you want. You want me in another country to wait while you fight, all the while wondering if you’ll ever come back. There is a damned big difference.”
"What are you doing in my house?" Stefen demanded with an impatient air and the girl blanched, pleading eyes flying to the Baroness. To her credit Charlotte did not leave the poor girls to face Stefen’s temper alone. She moved to their side, gently taking one trembling girl’s elbow in a gesture of reassurance as she looked back at Stefen.
“Well I want to talk about it!”
“Do you want to help me paint my boat Father?” He pleaded, tugging Stefen toward the bench. “We finished the hard part already, honest, and Tony says it’s got the best body he’s ever seen. Which means it’s going to win the race for sure!”
She nodded sadly and turned to look at the shield over her bed.
“I’m not saying we don’t do anything.  All I’m saying is we must prepare for the fact that any one of us could be next.”  Bruce retorted.
I’d also like to welcome back ‘The One Called I’ And yes you do need to get a legit account.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wait 'til you see what I have in store for you next." Tony whispered in Steve's ear.
“I only hid my visage from your world at first to create a proper foothold before risking detection. After you made the connection to my chosen ones there was no sense in hiding any longer. But I couldn’t make it too easy on you either.” She winked.
"You came back! And so soon." Steve said standing up from the stool.
"Come on, Daddy!" She giggled pulling him along. "Papa is probably in the workshop."
“Come again?” Tony responded confused.
“Oh? You are going to be like that today?” Tony smirked back.
“Very good question my Dear, in a matter… Certainly not the way you understand it, however.” She replied pointedly.
"It does indeed sound like a wonderful fantasy. And one I thought was truly impossible until I found out it was not."
“Yes Boss!  Right away Boss!”  The second man scurried away quickly.
"You wanna fucking know how it fucking went? Fine!" In another spectacular display of word vomit, Tony quickly got Barnes up to speed on exactly what had transpired in Steve's dreamscape mind reality.
“Where!?”
“Okay, now are you ready for step two? Or do you have any other shocking revelations before we get started?” Tony asked with an incredulous shake of his head.
Tony watched helplessly as Barnes’s feet had been ripped out from underneath him. The soldier quickly scrambled and latched onto a cable with his left arm in an attempt to avoid being consumed by the pseudo-void.
The ones on his abdomen were most concerning, however. Fresh blood was beginning to ooze from the splits. There were sections that were starting to open. There was severe bruising everywhere and his ribs didn’t sit right.
Steve was mortified.
Messy and complex wasn't even half of it. Steve could barely wrap his head around all of this new information. Calamity had been the alien plaguing them for what has to be months now. And for all those months they knew next to nothing about who or what she was or why she was doing what she was doing. And now here she was, standing before him, telling him her life story and willing to answer any question that he desired. But now that he has Calamity front and center, he could not think of a single good question to ask beyond why.
Unfortunately, Tony could not quite find a way to completely eradicate the pain that came with the unnatural union of the cybernetic machinery and the organic matter of human flesh, taking in future patients into consideration. As far as Barnes was concerned, he preferred to keep the pain.
Why is this man important?
“Hey” He said softly.
End Chapter Sixteen.
Now that the doom bots were otherwise distracted, he could continue with the code.
~Story Time~
Barnes sighed and Tony groaned both internally and outwardly.
“No! Not that, I mean what happened between you two? You and Steve?” She demanded cutting him off. Her face was contorted painfully.
This situation was almost unreal.
"I didn't ask if Jarvis could, I asked if you could."
Steve flinched slightly as he turned to face her.
As he approached closer he recognized one of the bots amongst the darkness using his shield he swiftly dismantled it with his own style and flair.  That leaves one more.  He gingerly made his way downstairs on high alert.  Surely the final bot had heard the commotion.
"Speaking of, what made you come back? I got the feeling that, well, it wasn't really in your best interest." Steve asked awkwardly.
“Sir, Director Fury has issued an alert.”  Jarvis informed.
“All right, let’s get you into this.”
‘Come on Rogers! Think!’
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Yes.” He said looking back at the ceiling. “What are you waiting for? Use it! ‘Cause I ain’t saying shit!” He shouted.
"Indeed." She affirmed. "Your problem, Steven, was that you were constantly living somewhere between the past and present. Unable to go back and unable to move forward. You tore yourself away from my illusion as you knew it was not real and that ultimately it was no way to live. Yet, you spent the last few years of your life here in the present yearning for something that equally does not exist: the past and that wholesome ideal life you pictured for yourself."
And with that she left, leaving the genius alone to ruminate on her sharp words. She knew exactly how to cut him deep. It was one of the many things that continuously ate at him. Knowing the weapons he created to aid American soldiers and allies alike were the very weapons being used against them. In addition to the grotesque misuse of his weapons against his own nation, those awful people used his creations to kill, subjugate and oppress innocent people around the world. And that was unforgivable.
Darcy merely nodded absently in agreement.
“It’s useless to follow conjecture. We need to focus on what we know for certain, the things we can do. There’s no sense in trying to interpret something that people have been arguing about for centuries.” The captain eyed them one by one. He was about to continue before a voice cut in.
Steve watched in total dismay as his shield sailed a good fifty yards away from them. The soldier used that distraction to cut up Steve’s right arm. The Captain cried out in pain, there was a flash of hesitation from the soldier and Steve took that opportunity to kick the knife out of the soldier’s grip. His reward was a well-placed punch in the face from the deadly assassin’s metal arm.
He sighed.
Steve knows that it’s only an expression but for some reason Tony’s words somehow made his heart start to race.  He quickly squashed down the fleeting thought that somehow deep down he may have actually wanted this to be a real date.  The soldier certainly did not want to think too deeply about the thoughts he was so desperately trying to squish.  This is in no way at all, nowhere near to being an actual date.  This is merely an outing between friends, that’s it.  That is all he wants it to be.
A/N: Here we go! Finally were getting somewhere, hehe.
He had become unfeeling.
“Look at you!” She said looking around the room.
He told Barnes to come to him after their deployment orders. Half of their team had already left by now. He sighed heavily not quite sure how he felt about what he was going to have to do now.
Before Tony could go back into hysterics Steve enveloped Tony close to his body. He could feel Tony relax immediately.
After he was done his shoulders slumped and he dropped his head to his work table painfully to punctuate just how dismal he felt about the whole damn thing.
The proper conditions.
“Do you Love him?”
Beep. Beep. Beep.
"ETA?"
“Why did it have to be you? I know you are not in the best shape right now. Steve, I know what I did to you! Why isn’t any of your team helping you?” Bucky demanded with a growl.
Eventually, however, the nurse led him away back to the waiting room, both to Peggy and Steve's dismay. As much as he wanted to argue with the doctor and figure out a way to stay, even going as far as to plant himself next to Peggy side, (he'd really like to see somebody try to move him) he was acutely aware that causing any amount of problems for the doctors would inadvertently cause problems for Peggy and the baby. If the doctors and nurses were distracted from doing their duty as healthcare physicians then the only thing he would accomplish was risking Peggy and the baby's lives. That was something he most certainly was not going to do, so with a heavy heart he had followed the nurse out. As he was leaving he kept telling her how much he loved her.
Having his ire stoked yet again, Iron Man deployed yet another onslaught of seeker and homing missiles, half to the wretched rabbit, and the other half to the hell bird hatchlings.
He crushed the device in his hand before throwing it to the floor and watching in bitter satisfaction as it shattered into thousands of tiny pieces. It must be what his heart looks like.
He never imagined that he could show such weakness in front of another, let alone the enemy no less.
“Okay,” Tony started. “This is a two-step process. Step 1: Mount. Step 2: Latch.”
"Oh, good morning, Babydoll." He whispered reverently into her hair as he wrapped both strong arms around her.
He stood carefully, with Fury still limp in his arms and started to head to sick bay.
He was just about to take a step, intending to make his way to the seamstress, when something across the street caught his eye. Or should it be said, someone. A man was standing with his back turned to Steve as he looked up at the building across the way. Steve's heart gave a lurch and began to beat rapidly as he took in the man's dark messy hair and his somewhat short but lithe structure.
*~0~*
Tony sighed miserably as he turned off the projection and slid his phone back into his pocket. He looked over at Barnes to gauge his reaction. What he found was utterly blank look on his face. It was vastly irksome. Tony almost wondered how he was able to school his emotions so completely. That was until he remembered the journal and with it the thought of everything that man must have gone through.
Everyone stood there in pregnant silence, staring at each other. It felt almost like an eternity before someone spoke up.
Steve was ready to object.
Bucky nodded, taking a deep breath as he pushed himself off of the wall painfully. They continued down the corridor before encountering a fork.
“It’s a nightmare.” Tony snipped.
“Johnny and Ben? Ready to take on Victor again?”
“What was that Tony?” The Captain asked completely lost and confused.
"Oh, did you remember anything?" She asked hopefully.
“I don’t know! If I did maybe I wouldn’t be in this mess.” Steve was exasperated. He really didn’t know. “It just happened. I didn’t even see it coming. The realization just hit me several weeks ago.”
“All right! Stop fooling around.” Dr. Cho laughed out getting everyone’s attention. “It’s time to begin.”
“Yeah, I wanted to apologize.” Steve said tightly.
“Oh come now, just because you cannot comprehend its significance does not make it any less wonderful.” She replied. “Goodness gracious! You all have this morbid disposition about you. I’m not here to claim you. Not just yet.” She said appalled at everyone’s dismay.
"I may be wrong but opening the tube first might help you get the suit on quicker." Barnes quipped somewhere behind him.
Tony got into the chair himself and began to explain.
"Yeah, you keep thinking that." Tony said taking Steve's hand hesitantly.
Calamity.
Beep. Beep.
What??
If Bucky was being framed, then he was likely not in East Texas. At least there’s that. That means the others were nowhere close to finding him. That also means he could be anywhere in the world. Steve groaned in dismal abandoned.
This time he clearly did see the smile that broke over her face. "Krytalíca Anöra Anük."
“Tony this circumstance is getting pretty hairy. Are you up for the challenge?”
Crap!
Tony fell for it, again.
“Don’t speak, move slowly.” A voice whispered behind him.
Steve rounded on Tony.  Suddenly the red alert flashed and Jarvis’s voice rang out.
He had to stay focused and move faster.
"Do you love him?"
“Tony, be careful!  You have no idea what he’s capable of.”  Fury stressed.
He stared at her for a moment tears falling.
Steve sighed as he took his seat again. Ellie climbed onto his lap and buried her face in his chest. He took a deep breath to calm his nerves and began to rub her back soothingly. That strange hazy feeling wouldn't go away and he could feel something gnawing at him. Some long hidden buried thought trying to claw its way to the forefront of his mind.
“Ow! What the fuck? Are you ten or something?” He whined as the rubbed his arm.
Chapter Thirty-Eight: Betting On the Last Dime
“One last thing, whoever kills the most fuzzy things wins and gets to be named the undisputed master assassin of the Furry Zap Balls.” Steve announced with a grin peeking everyone’s interests considerably.
Tonight, however, he had an entirely different theme altogether. To get straight to the point, grotesque and heinous details aside, Tony, in his nightmare, had raped and murdered Steve in one of the worst and most depraved ways possible. It was disgustingly awful. There was no other way around it.
In the corner, closest to the door, were three bicycles; one for each of them. In the middle of the barn was a motorcycle amongst an array of parts. It was a similar model to the one he used overseas. Though, he was sure, far less battle ready. He traced his fingers along the handlebars before continuing his inspection.
He smiled and nodded. There was nothing in the world he wanted more.
“Come on, we gotta burn these.” He said picking up the bloodied material.
“All right, Jarvis, time to initiate the air net protocol.”
This is definitely my biggest chapter yet as I have decided to keep it altogether. So, to all those who enjoy long chapters, you are most welcome. And to all those who prefer shorter chapters, my humblest apologies.
"Can I not come to check on you? Hmm? You have come so far in deciphering the clues I have left for you. I daresay the furthest out of all the races I have encountered."
He watched disheartened as she approached him sullenly. Her eyes were red and her cheeks were still wet. She looked all sorts of wrong. She was supposed to be the epitope of strength and a master of her emotions. To see everything written clearly upon her face was nearly unbelievable and just as unbearable. He regarded her for a moment letting her have the chance to speak first. She took a deep breath and wiped her face on a dark sleeve.
Johnny nodded in understanding. “You know where I’ll be if you need me.”
“Tony.” Steve said in greeting.
Yet, it still didn't stop Steve from seeing it for what it was, the coup de grace. Somehow Steve had alarmingly, single-handedly, unwittingly delivered the deathblow to the man's already abused, fractured, tortured heart.
“Daddy!!” The little girl in his arms squealed merrily.
“Please if there is anything at all we can do for you name it.” Maggie’s father said.
Bucky found that whole situation sickening. On the other hand, he knew Steve. He knew that despite his absolute displeasure at being imprisoned in such a way he wouldn’t have went through such deceitful and underhanded lengths to escape. Something else happened that forced his hand. He had a pretty good hunch of what or who that was too.
Thor and probably the rest of the room, to be honest, could sense Steve’s distress and calmly came up with an alternative.
She gestured to the remote upon the bedside table. She smiled gently at her patient.
“Okay!” They all replied.
Right now.
Thrust shield.
“Such a shame.” Steve retorted.
“Yep, it’s bi-neuraly augmented retro framing. By hijacking the hippocampus I have access to a variety of stored memories. This is still very much in the beginning stages and this is the first time that I’ve really had an honest to God breakthrough with it. What I’m hoping in the future I’ll be able to use it to potentially clear traumatic memories.” He explained almost with a hint of uncertainty.
"It wasn't real." He said finally.
He let Tony go instantly before turning his attention fully on the Captain.  Now that Steve was face to face with him he could see that his arm was a full mechanical prostatic and powerful.  He was wearing black bulletproof body armor and his dark hair was long and wild.  A black mask covered his face.
After everything that has happened he needs Steve to understand that Tony is on his side. And maybe Pepper is a little right, maybe. He really would like to throw caution into the wind and just give in to his most deepest and most sacred desires. His desire to love and be loved in return. He was so exhausted from hiding away all the time. And Pepper was definitely right about one thing. There wasn’t much time left and at the very least Steve deserved to know that he was loved. Even if, in the end, Tony would end up… well... broken and alone.
He picked himself up heavily. He gently encased the crystal in the plastic again and carefully set it aside. Honestly, considering it was not a substance known to Earth, he did not want to find out the hard way if it was nuclear when broken. He gave it one last lingering glance before continuing to tinker with his current projects once more.
“What… What exactly is going to happen?” Clint questioned morosely, his voice barely above a whisper.
Tony stared at Barnes steadily and challengingly, not breaking eye contact considering if the other man had the opportunity Bucky would snap Tony’s neck without hesitation.
Without any further ado, on with the show!
“Right, of course.” Fury replied amendingly.
“How about deeper down? It looks like your flesh has taken well to the hardware but the bone may still try to reject it.”
Deep in the heart of a frozen wasteland a slender figure dashed through the halls with a new visitor in tow.
“Yes I did. But you know what? It was all worth it. Do you know why?” He asked looking her in the eye. Peggy’s eyes he noted.
One by one his teammates were falling and he couldn’t stop bit.  He did not know how long he was on the floor for, or how long the quiet had settled in.  He did not realize it but the screaming had stopped and the alarms went silent.  He halfway wondered if he was the last.
After Steve’s mother passed Bucky was the only family he had in the entire world. And when their roles were reversed and Steve became the strong one, the rock, the glue Bucky took it in strides and Steve failed him.
“No! Why!? You sound like Nat! No, we’ve only kissed so far.” Steve replied getting riled up.
"Just as I thought." She groaned. "It's called a Rögvava or hell bird. It's from the pseudo-realm called Yræ. They are nasty vile creatures, incredibly deadly."
“Okay, Babydoll,” he picked her up and placed her on the saddle. “Let’s not dawdle too much longer.” He poked her side and made her giggle. “We don’t want mommy to start worrying now do we?” He winked as he fished coins out of his pocket and inserted them into the machine.
His mind flashed back to that fateful day at the expo all those years ago.
Cold chills ran down Tony’s spine as he realized the Rhododendron now had control of him. At the very least he assumed so considering the man’s unsettling uncontrollable laughter. All of the grotesque possibilities ran through his head lightning fast. All he could see was Armageddon. The things they could make him in his suit do alone were utterly unthinkable. Not to mention the places he could feasibly have access to because of the presence of the suit.
“Let me go instead. Tell me what I need to know and I’ll do it.” The soldier insisted.
A little while later the X-Men followed by a conscious Fury along with Darcy, Eric and Betty joined the Avengers to brainstorm.
"Oh dear, that most certainly is not good." Anük spoke again.
The only modicum of consideration they allowed him was that he got to be present for Tankar’s interrogation.  He couldn’t participate mind you, but they allowed him to be there nonetheless.
Tony was glad the Professor had brought such ideas to the table.  It had been eating away at him after contacting Thor that he would be of little use in this situation.  But working on creating a piece of machinery that can help aid them in any way even if he has to do it with someone else is exactly where he wants to be on this case.
Tony cursed himself madly at his utter lack of self-control. His biggest vulnerability was proudly on display. He can see the soldier taking in the mess of scar tissue radiating out from the reactor socket wall. Tony had become all too aware that Barnes could kill him now, quickly, efficiently and easily and no one or nothing could hope to stop him. This only served to further cement the decision Tony made regarding the soldier. Tony watched as Barnes began to shrink in on himself further. He had absolutely no intention of harming Tony and our genius knew this, could see it in the Soldiers eyes. Tony knew he could kill, however, easily.
He sighed deeply then set it aside.
“Aww, I’m fine, Babydoll.” He smiled and ran his hand through her curls. She giggled and looked up at him adoringly. He felt immediate relief from their interaction. He held on to her the rest of the way back to the farmhouse.
Suddenly, Tony began to gently roll his hips against Steve's, invoking a sharp intake of breath, breaking their kiss. Steve groaned deeply as he tossed his head back in a futile attempt to stay in control. Tony took that opportunity to latch onto Steve's pulse at the base of his neck just above his clavicle.
Tony gritted his teeth in frustration when he heard the deep baying wail of the creature on the other side of the hole. It was far more deadly sounding than what the eggs produced. No doubt this was the "mother" that fucking rabbit was talking about.
“There have been thirty-eight in the past two days alone, the doctors are perplexed. What the news doesn’t say is that most of the people that succumbed to this mysterious ailment were perfectly healthy; the doctors cannot explain why these seemingly robust people are dropping into comas left and right. Also brain activity is absolutely normal as if these people are fully awake and functioning.” Tony stated as he skimmed through the patient information.
Tony bristled. “Way to be efficient, you mean. I’ll have you know I’m also working on how to save us all from Calamity or did you forget our imminent doom?”
“I know that this is going to be difficult for you. The procedure is going to dredge up a lot of nasty memories. But we will have Wanda help you like she did before, okay?” Tony suggested trying to sound reassuring.
“You should be.” Tony murmured ominously.
“Johnny.  Stay with the kids.”  Steve breathed out.
It upset Steve profoundly that he could never recall the face of the man in his dreams. It actually scared him a little. At first, he blamed it on his Swiss cheese brain, but then it kept happening, the same way each day. By breakfast, he could not remember a single detail of the man. Looking back in his sketchbook always surprised him. He could recall drawing what little features he could remember after waking up but he absolutely could not recall what those features were, not hours later.
“Okay.” Steve opened the map. “Here’s what I have, we are here.” He pointed to their location on the map. “What I want to do is get us to this area here.”
“And when will that be? Huh?! Calamity will claim me before that happens! Am I meant to spend literally the rest of my life locked away!?”
Tony dropped the pipe and howled in pain. The sickening snap of his bone and subsequent pain made him vomit. He coughed hoarsely. He was out of options now. The only ridiculous thing he could think of was to toss the laptop at its head and hope it did anything other than break the computer and bounce off the bot's head harmlessly.
The drive into town went much more smoothly than he originally anticipated. That was mostly because once he left the house and was outside he finally got a proper look at his surroundings and realized with a start that he knew exactly where he was. In fact, his grandmother used to live not three blocks away. This was the old country house in Heartland, Massachusetts that he always wanted.
“Daddy!” She giggled as Steve caught her midair.
“So, what’s gonna happen after the data renders?” The soldier broke the silence suddenly. “You gonna make some sort of device that’s gonna, what? Wake people up?”
Tony Stark bit his lips typing swiftly as he inputted the last of the digits to an algorithm he created in an attempt to figure out the Rubik’s cube like mess that was the data mass Calamity handed to him. He waited with baited breath for the results, hoping desperately for a break. Alas, it was a failed attempt, yet again, as the negative readings flashed across the screen. He groaned miserably and ran his hands through his dark messy hair for the umpteenth time. He sucked in a deep breath and began tapping out the beat to the Led Zeppelin song currently playing before coming up with yet another possibility. He released his breath before he began typing away once more.
Tony almost wanted to demand why he did not say anything before. Then he remembered where he was and all the shift that happened since.
“Indeed Sir, however you had commanded not to bother you in the event that you and Captain Rogers were-“
“Well, let’s see what I can do about it now.”
“So dramatic, love. I will not tell you because you already know.”
“Holy shit it’s purple.  When you said prickly pear I was imagining something green or brown but that is a bright ass purple.”  Tony stated in awe.
“Stark!” The Director reprimanded.
“Please, make it stop.”
"Why is that?" Barton groaned out. He was lying sprawled out spread eagle on the ground unmoving.
“Stop being a baby. I need to see if your bones and the bone anchors are merging well. Your assessment of pain is highly unreliable.”
It was something Tony eternally appreciated about her. She never minced words or wasted her breath. She didn’t tell him that everything was going to be okay, because she knew it wasn’t going to be. When the threat of global extinction had passed, Tony was going to break. He knew it, and she knew it. There was no reason to beat around the bush about it.
He tried to get up but Iron Man’s full weight was pressing him down on the ground painfully. The excruciating impact with the road ripped his stitches again and the way Iron Man was sitting on him was hellish. Steve could barely breathe and the pain was paralyzing.
Back on the other side…
Being in such close quarters with the man the last two weeks or so, Tony knew with certainty that Barnes was not in pain. He knew the soldiers tells when he was trying to suppress pain. No, this was something different. It was as if he was trying not to… Then it instantly dawned on Tony. His face slowly twisted into a smug feline like feral grin.
“Since I saw said annoying guy come this way I thought I might as well find something proper to eat before I get my head chewed off again.” Tony replied with a twinkle in his eye. Luckily Tony responded without a hint of bad attitude or Steve might have taken offense to that.
Tony watched the elevator’s descent and heard the chatter of the agents that were about to around the corner. The elevator dinged and he made eye contact briefly with Bucky. The soldier nodded indicating that he was ready.
Bucky nodded letting that sink in and fully understanding the significance of that gesture.
“If I did, I sure as hell wouldn’t be here!” Tony retorted.
They fell into a comfortable silence as Johnny prepared the apples and Steve beat the dough into submission.  That was until,
Well that question was answered. His glare did not alleviate.
“Listen, I just want to know if he really meant what he said in the letter. And if he did, then why did he go through such lengths to leave?” Tony asked trying to keep his features schooled. That was the million-dollar question, right? How did it all come to this?
It was the hardest thing I ever had to do, No, scratch that, I think this is the hardest thing I'll ever have to do…"
Fury Realizing with horror what was happening ordered everybody out of the room as quickly as possible.  They made sure the Professor was able to get out first followed by Hank, Maria, Coulson, then Tony and Steve.
Barnes nodded in understanding. He sat back and stared down into his own cup.
Steve swallowed thickly at the edge in Tony’s voice, the collar digging into his flesh.
“What does that mean?”  Thor’s voice reverberated through the room.
He sighed internally. He really did not know exactly what he was going to do in this situation. Here he was, trying to fight against fate. Was he not the one who gave Calamity permission to do this in the first place? Yes, but one can hardly say she turned back time for this. It was all an illusion she conjured up for him. It must be the same for the others as well, her other victims.
The other agents opened fire on him again. He winced to himself, they were aiming to kill. A bullet grazed his cheek as he went down low tackling the third agent down and elbowing him hard breaking his nose and claiming another KO.
"Yes, you."
“You have a hearing aid?” Clint asked incredulously. Clearly miffed at not knowing such an important piece of information about a supposed friend.
“…  Garbage.”  He laughed. “You silly little IronMan, you fail to realize that it is a part of my consciousness.”  He sneered as he tapped a device on his temple.
Impossible!
Bucky’s face fell after he thought for a moment. “Did I really get shot by the guy in the pink bunny suit? I was really hoping I imagined that…” He said miserably, staring back up at the ceiling.
“Let’s gather everything we have and use the meeting room closest to sick bay. It’s not much, but will serve its purpose. It also has a nice view.” The Captain proposed.
Ellie unburied her face from Steve's neck and faced Angie.
"The whole time." She replied.
She smiled sadly at him as she picked up her shoes and walked out the door.
“Well done Mr. Stark.  Excellent thinking.  The fact that your programmed worked and was able to render her face to us unveiled gives me profound hope that it is only a matter of time before you’re capable of undoing her work completely and pulling everybody out of there comas.”  Tony still wasn’t satisfied.
Tony blinked in surprise. “Hey!” The genius nudged him. “Earth to Sergeant Dick head! I said are you ready for step two!?” He bellowed.
She shook her head.
“Yeah it seems a little farfetched Clint, however if it were just a few people it wouldn’t even be an issue, but in this case every single person had extremely tragic backgrounds all 75. Every single one.  There is no denying that that has something to do with all of this.”
The soldier cleared his throat. “Nothing, just a cough.” He quickly answered dismissively.
“Then finish it. ‘Cause I’m with you pal, till the end of the line.” Steve uttered his voice cracking.
Great! Fucking great!
He was beyond unsettled at this point.  Something was very, very wrong with that soldier.  Steve couldn’t quite put his finger on it.  Somewhere very deep down the answer was screaming at him.  Deep down in his soul something shattered and his whole world came crashing down.  Even if his soul knew what his mind could not, would not, know there was something he was very aware of.
Music.
What if he hadn’t slipped from his restraints? What if he hadn’t learned what Tony was up to? That grievous thought gave him enough strength to pull away.
"Now, why would I do something like that? I claimed him fairly, as it is my prerogative. I asked and he gave me consent."
The next two days were an all new level of emotionally fractured chaos.  Steve had to sit through hours of Tony and the rest of his team reprimanding him for getting involved.
Steve moved Clint away from him as he lifted his shirt. All they saw all was pure milky skin. None of the bruising from the doom bot attack remained.
He had one megaton watt idea left in his arsenal.  He opened the floodgates and let loose all of the horrors he’s been subjected to since he joined the army all that time ago.  The cruel and heinous things he saw that the Red Skull and Hydra were capable of.  He especially unleashed his sorrow, guilt and misery over Bucky’s death at the Professor with wretched abandon.  Xavier didn’t even flinch, not even a twitch of muscle.
“That’s good right?  You said you would have the code decrypted around now anyway right?”  Natasha asked hope filling her.
Finally with fresh information and contact with Asgard; a new shinning hope is born.
Bucky looked back up to the ceiling.
“If you want to keep that promise Mr. Stark I suggest getting a move on.”
“Yeah…” He exhaled. “Is it two already?”
"Now, would that be so bad?" He murmured against her lips.
Bucky jerked. “Tell me what?” He demanded.
Tony moved to retaliate attempting a swift kick. Steve brought his arms up to guard waiting for the driving impact. Instead the reverberating sound of metal striking metal rang out like an awful hell song. Bucky had placed himself in front of Steve and used his arm as a shield to Tony’s attack.
She caught his gaze and waddled over to him. "Like what you see, soldier?" She asked with a smirk.
Steve sighed, "As much as I hate to admit it, I guess I understand where you're coming from now, just a little bit. I still don't agree with your methods though."
Tony watched in horror.
“Well if we’re going to make any sense of this at all then we gotta start somewhere.” Steve said clapping his hands together partly to gain everyone’s attention and partly to keep his mind focused.
Like a light bulb, Tony remembered the last few transmissions he had gotten from Jarvis.
Steve had consumed him completely, mind, body and soul. No one could ever take his place in his heart. Surely Steve must know that he wouldn’t, couldn’t be capable of straying.
"Yeah, okay. I'll see you there. Come on Ellie." He said exasperated.
“It’s so wonderful to meet you Sarah, anybody that can make Howard think seriously about settling down is a hero in my book.” Peggy said to Sarah Maria.
The Rhododendron only continued to laugh, "Removing the power source will destabilize the gravitational field and expand to cataclysmic proportions!" He surmised as he swiftly brought the rock down on the arc reactor, destroying it.
“Heimdall would have surely seen what has transpired but I will ensure it!”
"This vexes you?"
Suddenly, Barnes emitted something of a yelping whine from deep in his throat that he unsuccessfully tried to cover up with a cough.
“Yeah, that comin’ from me.” He smirked.
“Nine.” Thor answered simply.
“Ouch.”
“Yes this calamity will involve everyone.” Thor confirmed to Bruce.
"It seems that the Rhododendron creature has opened a rift that cuts right into the Yræ realm. If even one adult Rögvava is allowed through it will mean certain doom for your race. That is absolute."
"Fucking asshole." Iron Man muttered before blasting off to join the fray.
He groaned despairingly into his hands when he was alone. He took several deep breaths to calm himself. When he felt he had a sufficient amount of oxygen he began to replay the footages. This time, however, he watched the with absolute focus.
“I came to say Hello.” She stated and began a deep throaty laugh.
She was crying hard; tears were running freely down her face. The moment he broke contact with her she lost consciousness and fell limp. Steve caught her just before she hit the ground. He gently placed her unconscious form down before turning his attention to Harker. He put as much disdain into his glare as he could possibly muster. The fat man visibly blanched and started to sweat. Steve rose slowly to face him.
It always irritated Tony how she could be so cool, composed and elegant. He found it was hard to ruffle her feathers. Though he eternally wondered why on earth he always felt the need to try. He had a masochistic streak he guessed.
Oh yeah… He gave her all of his memories… Well there’s that one right there.
If he gives up now, however, those odds become zero.
Because of Tony’s new design to the bone anchoring mechanism it would be relatively easy to remove and replace any arm they came up with. He could have a whole set of different arms specifically geared to certain types of missions or for whatever he wanted or needed. That feature also worked very well for removing damaged arms and replacing them with ease. At the time, Barnes had gawked at Tony after hearing his suggestion. Hydra’s arm wasn’t very removable. The soldier had a whole team of engineers and scientists to do maintenance and repair to the arm after each mission. Those times were awful. Tony’s design made life so much easier.
What he did know was he had to see under that mask. He charged the soldier belligerently.
“Or you’ll do what?” Replied the brazen genius.
“Okay!” She squealed as she bounded up the stairs.
Time was truly of the essence. He had to put the new machine together before the hole widened enough to either suck them all in or for that beast to crawl out. Tony chuckled darkly at the irony of his plan. It was stupid, dangerous, and possibly a little suicidal (as per usual, but do you honestly expect anything less at this point?) In Tony's defense, it was the only thing he could think of that could even have the smallest possibility of working in such a short amount of time.
Four…
Oh, how he wished his brother was here to see this. He would have been the greatest damn uncle on Earth. Maybe at this point he would have been one hell of a father too…
“Best take him to sick bay regardless.” Steve nodded.
He scratched his wrist.
'That's right.' He thought. 'I've been trying to figure out who that man is.'
“Yeah, that’s the thing though. Whether it is one or many we’ll eventually know. What I’m trying to say now is that we have a face to look out for.  As I have found her appearing in the various media forms that I had searched for, I will also be able, using Jarvis and Shield software, to find her any time she appears anywhere in the world again.”  The genius explained clearly happy with himself.
This was followed by a chorus of 'count me in's' and 'me too's' from various honorary Avengers and X-Men alike.
They both stood there for a moment utterly devastated.  Steve dropped to his knees in despair.
“Mr. Stark!” The first guy began again.
“But I did it.” He whispered. “I can only keep running for so long, Steve. Even if you could prove I didn’t kill the vice president I still have to answer for the others.” He replied defeated.
Barely he could hear something in the distance.  He felt something akin to indifference before the white turned to black and he felt no more.
“You’re not helping!!” He shouted red in the face.
Under normal circumstances his condition would be most concerning, however, he did not see any point in worrying over it. It was all going to be over soon enough anyway.
That would mean… Peggy.
Johnny looked at Steve’s expectant desperate face and caved.
Tony felt sick. Sure, he wanted to strangle the guy for all the grief and chaos he caused. But Tony didn't 'actually' want to kill him. He didn't want him to die, at least… not like this…
“Sort of, there were a few things that changed my mind. I thought about the things you said to me, and you are right for the most part. Though I still think your overall plan is beyond stupid.” The soldier answered pointedly.
He looked down at his hand that she was holding. His wrist was glowing an iridescent black. The same black that radiated from the cracks in his vision, the same black that keeps trying to fog his mind…
“Well then, if you intend on fighting for this world then we need to get you combat ready. And to do that we need to fix your arm.” Tony said jovially.
“Why go through all of this trouble? Why involve us like this?!” He demanded frustrated beyond anything he’s ever felt before.
Clint stopped his pacing suddenly and faced everyone.
Steve knew from the way his soul cried out in agony that the truth might very well kill him.
“Well if this isn’t the finest soldiers I have ever had the pleasure of serving with.” Stated Fury with an air of reverence.
A/N: Hey guys, sorry for the long wait. I wanted to get this out before Infinity War premiered but important things just kept popping up that took my attention away from this. But here it is now!
“Stevie, Stevie I can go on. There were many, many of them in the two years we served together.” He said smirking.
The Hulk roared again, and Tony knew that in mere moments he was going to see that big green rage monster very soon and he was going to watch in pleasure as he tore every single robot apar-
During their exchange they had not realized that Hank had excused himself quietly.
“H-Howard can never have children?” He demanded urgently. He does not know why he was acting this way.
Honestly, the genius has the worst timing. If he had come an hour later Steve might have been cooled off enough.
He did not even notice his team come up behind him, therefore, did not see the fingers crossed in hope and the hands clasped in prayer.
Ellie huffed and moved to her seat. Steve did the best he could to give her the better part of the potatoes and had even cut up both pork chops in an attempt to give her the better unburnt meat. Luckily, she didn't seem overly picky. The moment he placed the plate in front of her she tried to dig right in.
"Wanda, can you move her to safety?" Barnes signaled urgently.
Funny enough, Fury wanted it that way. The more everybody had gotten all tangled up in the “talk” the more time they had to figure out how not to let the world fall to pieces.
“Okay now,” He began. He set the midnight blue down and grabbed the white and a pale rose pink. “I imagine Rocky is definitely the kind of pony who always keeps his golden feathers polished and shiny. So, let’s give him some highlights on his feathers here…” He said as he started to create white lines to bring out the shine of the gold. “… And here.”
Tony shut the journal instantly. He had his suspicions but to read it in such detail... He tried to shake it off and instead focus on the white unassuming envelope.
Ellie reached for Angie for a hug, "Oh thank you!" Ellie wailed.
“Oh dear Lord you brought that menacing woman with you?!” Tony demanded snidely.
“Okay!”
“Boss!  I found it!”  A voice sounded off as a second silhouette joined the first.
Tony sighed.
“A jailbreak.” He said matter-of-factly.
He instantly regretted the undignified and very unmanly squeal that escaped his throat. He wheeled around instantly on his attacker only to see Barnes sporting a wide grin big enough to rival the Cheshire cat.
For the next hour Steve mentally prepared himself for what he had to do. Most of his team left on the mission to capture the Winter Soldier.
“Why didn’t you tell me?”
That moment was lost however when War Machine reengaged delivering another round of heavy artillery. Three bullets hit their mark at Bucky’s right shoulder and arm and Steve screamed in desperation. Despite his weak broken body, the Captain tried yet again to unpin himself from Iron Man’s unrelenting grasp. His efforts were futile and only served to make Tony hold him down tighter and harder. He moaned in agony he could feel blood starting to leak from the torn stitches again.
The Captain nodded subtly and Calamity gave a light chuckle.
Like Tony cared anyway.
Tony winced. He never wanted it to be that way.
"De- royed en route, S-ir"
That’s something that also had been weighing heavily on him.  He thought it was bad when the numbers where merely in the seventies all those weeks ago.  Now it’s nearly nine hundred.  Nine hundred innocent souls lost to this thing that was happening that they can’t even begin to understand.
victim. Making eight new cases since the mysterious alien hit the school. Why can’t they catch a break?
She had a new doll and an ice cream cone. She was all set and perfectly content.
“Sir, Director Fury is on the line.” They all looked at each other and thought the same thing. ‘Oh no. Here we go.’
Yet another thing people were expecting him to figure out.
“What kind of monster do you mean to unleash?!”  He demanded in a shrill voice.
“Come darling, play something for your mother.” She smiled down at him.
“But in order to achieve this, I need to leave my mark and collect souls from each and every realm.” She said matter of factly.
It’ll have to do.
“OK, I think that it would be a bit of wishful thinking to assume we’re dealing with just one alien.  That is a lot of ground to cover in such a small amount of time and for all we know this particular alien race, or whatever, can all look alike or have the capacity to make themselves look alike.”  Clint argued Tony’s point.
“American.”
Tony rolled his eyes as he tossed his head back in frustration, groaning.
He nodded. Just thinking about spending time with his Babydoll made him feel thousand times better. He could just imagine it, Ellie’s Golden curls bouncing as she laughed heartily around a spoonful of ice cream. He couldn’t wait.
On a reflective surface, a broken monitor of all things, was the reflection of the mysterious woman!
She proudly held up a drawing she did their little family. Steve stared at the drawing shocked. The skill level displayed in the drawing was that of a 12-year-old or at least Steve thought that’s around where his skill level was when he was 12. Eleanor couldn’t have been more than seven years old. Already she was an artistic protégé. It depicted Steve holding onto Peggy with Eleanor delightfully wedged between them as she grinned widely while embracing Peggy’s round middle.
He turned back to the girl.
Suddenly, his shield sailed right past Iron Man and embedded itself in the creature, slicing it right down the middle.
Bucky stared at him as if he grew another head and ten more arms.
“Oh, I’m sorry you don’t remember two but years ago, Howard was in a nasty accident when one of his experiments went awry. It’s terrible, but he is sterile now.”
They made their way to Tony’s personal bathroom connected to his bedroom.
“Okay, he took a deep breath. You kids ready?”
“I swear to god if you tell anybody about this, at all, I’m gonna sick Dumm-E on you.”  Tony stated completely and utterly serious.
Her hands moved to cradle Steve’s neck.
‘This is it!’ He thought with excited trepidation.
Suddenly a thought occurred to him.
Kevin was the second oldest maybe nine are ten. Tommy looked seven.
And with that the little fairy and her human avatar coalesced into a black orb of iridescent light then shot up into the sky and exploded into trillions of stars that cascaded over the evening sky and rained down upon them.
"I'm setting this for fifteen minutes. That's about how long it's going to take for all 2020 devices to sync up and initiate the program, then Bam! Everybody should be free from her."
"Peggy!" He cried out in concern.
"Yes, I will show you." She fluttered up and touched Tony's forehead.
“Thank you Dr. Banner.” Fury said as he motioned for Agent Hill to distribute the files.
“The very one in the same.” Clint replied smug.
Her face fell even more, tears streamed down her face unyieldingly, her bottom lip quivered in despair.
“Where are Scott, Johnny and Ben?”
Tony pulled up the work stool that had been pulled over from earlier, and had plopped down heavily on it. He noted with disdainful amusement that it was the very one he had welded back together after destroying it in a raging meltdown some weeks ago. He put his elbows on his knees and held his head in his hands and let out a stuttering breath. Still not quite believing that the code was near completion and an end was in sight.
She turned her attention to him fully and tilted her head to peer up at him, his question clearly catching her off guard.
The repercussions of breaking Barnes out has already descended upon them like a horrendous hellfire. Fury, along with Pepper, were handling the negotiations so wickedly professionally and effectively Tony wanted to cry. It was all they could do to ensure the Army didn’t go bursting through the front doors and forcibly take Barnes back. It was all one huge ass political and bureaucratic mess.
Eventually he began to add color, grabbing the reds and yellows then filling in shadows and highlights. He paid extra close attention to the strange light in the chest plate. He made sure to be certain it was the correct hue of blue.
The cheers and wolf whistles from his team didn't bother him in the least.
They headed on over to the lounge area, the very one in which our genius and Clint had their talk in. The very place in which he decided to maybe, just maybe, give Barnes a chance. And here is where he was going to give him that chance.
“Okay!” She exclaimed as she began to prepare her paint palette.
"Yeah, Babydoll, why do you ask?" He responded somewhat breathless, completely distracted.
Steve nodded dismally in understanding.
This is what he set out to do after all. To save his brother, that’s what he chose to do with the rest of his life. He can feel Bucky wanting to protest but he stayed silent despite that.
She gaped at him disbelievingly for a moment before swiftly socking him in the face.
“Drop it!”
“Let’s bring them in.”
Steve was happy that the department store in which they needed to pick up the package was mercifully only a block away from the bus stop.
Bucky nodded wearily.
“Negative, Sir.”
Steve smiled and nodded along. Soon enough lunch was nearly ready and Peggy turned to him with a critical eye.
His vision blurred and warped again as he heard and felt a thunderous crack. Suddenly, he was alone with Ellie again in an empty hospital. A seemingly dilapidated hospital, the walls had deep black cracks running along them.
“This is stupid Steve, I’m not worth all this.” Bucky whispered harshly behind him.
Steve shook his head. "No! This place isn't right. I have to find Tony."
“You sure you’re up for this Cap?” Natasha questioned. “You seem a bit weary worn.” She said genuinely a little concerned.
victim had been discovered.” Fury stated regretfully looking at all of the occupants of the room.
He looked back to Tony.
“It shall end in Calamity.”
Neither could hear him. He watched with horror as his brother and the love of his life began that deadly dance of combat. It was sickening to watch, neither of them were holding back. Steve couldn’t take it, there was no way in hell he would let them kill each other. He quickly plunged into the fray. Just as Iron Man and Bucky dove for each other both intending on delivering a devastating punch Steve threw himself in the middle of them. He successfully kicked Bucky’s legs out from under him forcing him to hit the ground and roll away. Using his sweeping movements Steve caught Iron Man’s fist and swung him to the ground hard.
“My God…” She whispered as she slowly turned her gaze to stare at Bucky’s prone form next to them realizing he was the source of this nasty wound.
“Tony?” Steve looked as if he was the most concern of all of them. ‘Had another person…’
“Remember when you used to throw up at the sight of blood?” Bucky suddenly spoke up.
He turned to the dishes in a stupor. Of all the things to throw him through a loop after waking up in this time, Howard Stark’s engagement truly takes the cake for being the most unbelievable. He couldn’t keep the wry smile from forming on his face as he scrubbed at a plate.
Good thing too.
He chuckled again. “More like some science fiction spacesuit.” He replied.
Steve was ready to leap out of the bed just to shake the answers out of Hank.  The Beast stared at him wide eye for a moment in complete stunned silence.
A/N: Yes! I'm Back binging with me another chapter! Woot! Things are getting intense now, will they overcome?
He pulled Peggy close to him relaxing immensely as he absorbed her warmth and comfort. He adjusted her slightly so he could wrap his arms around her wide middle. He concentrated on the fluttering movements of his baby for a moment.
Suddenly, a cable attached to an arrow wrapped and anchored around Iron Man’s waist. Tony turned and saw Clint with a fierce grip on his bow bracing his legs against an exposed girder of a fallen building. Natasha’s arms were wrapped around his chest helping him stay grounded. Then, the Hulk roared as he stooped to hold on to Natasha.
Maria Hill soon arrived with copious amounts of files in her arms. She stood at the front of the meeting room while handing Fury a particular document. She set the rest at the end of the table near where she stood. Fury looked over the file handed to him. He felt it time to start this long overdue meeting.
Well shit…
“Hey buddy, it’s last call.” Tony uttered as loud as he could over his pounding heart and constricting lungs.
He quickly sprang from the couch and effectively stumbled nearly all the way to his quarters.  He came to the conclusion that Natasha was likely the one who knocked him out based on his disorientation.
They ate peacefully for a time. Wanda leaned in closer to her brother and Steve smiled at them. When he was finished Steve scooted back against a crate and sighed heavily. Bucky watched his movements intently.
“Fiery red hair? Runs your company?”
“Then you should hop to it. You should be out there spending time with this person. If this person truly matters to you then you should let them know. If your positions were reversed would you want to know you are loved and cherished before you were forced to leave?”
Steve scooted Kevin next to Tommy and crawled away to get up.  He almost didn’t make it to a stand.  His legs were so wobbly and his head woozy.
“I’m afraid I can’t, Sir. I am out of the system.”
“I know right?  It looks almost familiar somehow, can’t quite put my finger on it.”  Steve said as he also viewed his glass in wonder.
Just before they reached the hall that would lead back to the lab Steve stopped and informed Tony that he would leave them for a little while to go get some air or something of that ilk.
"Steady, Ellie." Steve warned as they walked into the department store.
In the short amount of time the twins have known Steve Rogers they had developed a great amount of respect for him. Especially to Wanda. The more Steve spoke the more she understood the chaotic mess of thoughts and memories he had forced upon her. There was a part of her that did not want to hear how things between the Captain and Tony went south in just under a week knowing she felt they were in the right place when last they met.
“What was that?” Tony asked, concerned that he was in pain.
Tony attempted to give him a sympathetic understanding smile, but felt like it came out more like a grimace.
'What was going on?'
“You know, I don’t envy the position you’re in.” He muttered lowly, his voice was thick with deep turbulent emotion.
“Better than what I could manage.” Tony commented not too alarmed. “Jarvis, you got that?”
"Sir, we have a visual." Jarvis zoomed in and Tony could see Steve sitting on the beach with Calamity.
Poor Agent Barton, panic stricken, flooded with anxiety, and wretchedly sleep-deprived didn’t quite realize what was happening until it was too late.  He was whacked against the wall and out like a light too fast to know better.  Natasha quickly dodging the second Hulk attack quickly flipped Barton over her shoulder and fled the room followed quickly by Fury who put the room on absolute lock down.  Good thing the room is triple reinforced right?
It showed Steve asking for Tony then subsequently weaseling out of his restraints when he heard Tony was unavailable. The genius fast forwarded to Steve leaving the room and wandering the halls. Eventually, he made it to Tony’s personal quarters. He watched as Steve hid behind a house plant (Really? How fucking cliché is that?) as Pepper exited his room looking like…huh… She kind of did look that way.
“That’s shit Péter,” Harry cursed, releasing a long stream of acrid smoke with a glare. Péter was discomforted by the smell, the way the buttons on Harry’s shirt gleamed in the moonlight, the heat of aggression in his eyes that made him look far older than his fifteen years. “We’ve played together since we could walk. How many times have you fallen from this very tree?” Harry nodded aggressively at the branches hanging above them and Péter flinched.
Still, Tony was going to figure out eventually that Ian was taking too long and he might try and follow him. He had longer legs, and would cover more ground without a load to carry.
“Good. We’ll limp her in.” Tony replied, taking stock of his wet frightened companions. The man holding the crying boy was bleeding from his shoulder he noted. “Have any of you sailed before?”
“This is amazing Tony.” Péter breathed out in awe. “Do you really think something like this could ever be real?”
“In my familia we call this
Artur nodded, shoulders drooping.
“Frauline Glass, two governesses ago.”
Steve looked up from his sketch of private Johans and Parodi bent over cards, light shining off of their sweaty skin.
“Likely not tomorrow, and you're in no condition to drive me anywhere at night.”
Stefen turned back to Tony. He needed to get this over with, better sooner than later.
“Tony did you steal from the Naval Office?!”  he barked and Tony, infuriating asshole that he was, rolled his eyes heavenward.
“Ah, yes, I thought that might surprise you. Yes, you’re to leave in forty-six hours precisely and report to Brigade Leader Kessmeyer -”
All the while, Steve thought about his children, itching to be on his way home to them. Steve had to get them out of Italy. The fear gnawed at him, and it was only repeating to himself over and over their few blessings that kept him sane. His children had beds and comfortable lodging. His daughter went to school and did not paint her face and walk the street to afford her food.
Father would still be standing beside the fireplace, taking a deep breath and swallowing it down. Ian couldn’t tell what it was this time that father was trying to suppress. Whether it was sadness or anger or all of it. Ian stared up at him from where he was crammed between James and Maria on the sofa. Though there was plenty of space for them to stretch about around the room, he and his siblings had collected together till they were practically on top of each other. They were all silent as gravestones, waiting to hear what father’s answer would be. Artur was sucking silently on his fingers, his eyes round and glassy with welling tears.
“I know, ‘vengeance is mine sayeth the lord’.” Tony quoted with a smile that might have been apologetic if it hadn’t had so many teeth. “He was taking his time. I kept thinking about all those people, about Péter, and how he might have been…
“No we don’t, but that never mattered to us or any of the others. We were family. Bucky he’s my brother. Blood doesn’t matter.”
“It just so happened that Rachel, the daughter of the Rom Baro – that is the one they call the leader of the clan – was having a difficult labor. It had forced them to stop sooner than they’d planned, and her painful cries could be heard throughout the camp. Sara was very gifted with herbs and medicines. When the Phuri Dae learned that she’d delivered her baby without any help, and had kept her baby alive despite the hardships, they struck a deal. If she would help Rachel then Sara and her familia could share their fire for a night.
“Oh, now the Bayash can speak Romany.”
The thought of losing control of his mind like that in public had shame twisting up his insides, but worse was the thought of losing himself and hurting one of his children (again).
for the festivities tonight
The choir room was dark, the only light source a single window spilling moonlight over the worn top of the old Bechstien piano that Brother Hanes had plucked away on every Saturday morning for the last thirty years. Tony didn’t bother lighting the oil lamps before claiming a seat on the bench. Without any dedicated thought or purpose he set his fingers to the keys-he didn’t need to see well for this, the memory of the right notes and the right placement coming to him like second nature- and began to play.
“I’d disappoint you.” Steve replied tersely and judgmental silence stretched over the hall once more. Göring stared coldly at him and Steve knew he’d pay for it later but he was past caring.
“Have you thought any on getting closer to that dozen? You’re not far off, darling, and not nearly as old as you like to play. Still a young man, still a young father by any stretch of the imagination.”
Close up the windows, bring the sun to my room
Steve’s body had grown cold.
The children loved Prater Park. By the time they’d ridden the giant Ferris Wheel and looked out over Vienna from its top the somber mood that had dampened spirits on the train was long forgotten. Ian was just as excited as the others to be up so high and see so wide. They stopped at little trinket stands and snack shops and for once Stefen didn’t think about the cost of things as he bought pins and ribbons for the girls and (to Artur’s delight) warm gingerbread dusted with sugar to tide them over till lunch.
Tony said it with that familiar air of imperious demand, but Steve could see the plea for what it was in his eyes and he fought the desire to lean down and claim the man’s mouth, kiss him until his lips were lax and stung and the lines of worry around his mouth had disappeared.
Ian stopped, dark eyelashes blinking over surprised blue eyes as he stared back at Tony.
"Yes, I'm the one who wrote you. We ran into some unexpected trouble." Bruce explained slowly, none of the men in the boat moving. Bucky's hands were poised on the boats controls. Ready at a moment’s notice to gun the engine if they should need to flee.
~*~*~*~
"Go away!" Artur huffed beside her, picking up one of the dusty shoes that sat atop the many boxes that crowded the little room under the stairs. He raised it threateningly as if he meant to throw it, and even though Maria knew it was rude to throw things, Tony didn't seem to mind or be very afraid.
Tony's childhood home Haushügel "Hill House" is located on Valovine Beach. The amazing view from a modern villa, and some pictures from around the beach.
heard him sound like that before. Like one of Emile’s dogs when they spotted a stranger at the gate.
Received date December 26th 2:00 AM
Tony closed his eyes and sighed.
It was maddening in a way that Steve didn’t think he’d ever recover from. He’d never be able to look at Tony again and not picture the way his skin darkened from the grip of Steve’s fingers and the bruising of his mouth. Steve would never get his taste out of his memory he thought, licking over the dark mark his mouth had left on Tony’s neck, tasting the sweat on his skin.
"Safety? That damn radio could save lives. He's a grown man Stefen, he can make his own choices same as you and me. He might have just as much reason to want to fight these bastards as you do. Are you going to wrap him up in blankets like he's one of your children?"
“I’m sure he did his best for you,” Stefen murmured, and even twenty years later there was a part of Tony that wanted to scoff and bitterly reject the platitude out of hand, but he forced himself to consider the words and how they were meant. And then to accept that there was a certain amount of truth in them. Hughard had tried only it was too little too late, and if Stefen wasn’t careful he was going to make the same mistake.
~*~~*~
Bucky lifted his god arm in salute and the engine turned over, the Avenger moving swiftly away from the dock.
He pressed his back flat against the wall and waited. No cry went up. Determining after a few moments that felt like an eternity that he seemed to remain undetected, Tony began to creep around the side of the lodge feeling for the notches he’d carved into the wood just below the loft window.
Stefen was clearly saying something to the boy, whose shoulders were hunching up nearly to his ears, his face turning red.
Beside him Artur held his arms up excitedly.
He rubbed his face, pulling on the small hairs by hiss temple. The pain throbbed on.
“Bucky, leave us.” The captain commanded without so much as glancing at the man, who snapped his mouth shut and put up no further argument.
“And you can?! You shouldn't even be on a bicycle!”
Péter swallowed back the lump in his throat, and dragged his eyes down from the ceiling to look back at them and finish.
Bucky, astute as ever, stepped closer to him, laying a hand on his shoulder and regarding him with a sobering seriousness.
He knew you didn’t always get to choose what battles came your way or when it was your time to stand up and fight. But there was a cost, one he never wanted her to have to pay, and he needed her to understand that. He’d failed her. Again, and again and again.
She hadn’t had she? It suddenly occurred to Steve that he had no idea whether Natacha had started her cycles or not, and no strong conviction that she would tell her father such a thing even if she had. He didn’t think she’d tell Tony either. No matter how fond she was of the man, he was still a man and she’d be mortified to discuss something like that with him. She might have told Virginia. Steve hoped that was the case. It made him sick to his stomach, realizing that his daughter had no one to help her when it came to womanhood and the things that came with it.
“Can I help you?” A woman had appeared at his side causing Tony to jump. Judging by her expectant look and homespun apron, the plump woman with the slight cleft in her chin must be the owner’s wife.
“Just those who never left the service.”
James, the farthest away, gave Tony and Ian a salty look from his spot by the driveway before turning back to the business of kicking pebbles.
“Do you think they’ll forgive me someday, Tony and the children?” he muttered the question darkly into his drink and Bucky looked up from lighting a cigarette to give him a sour look, abandoning pretense. Steve wished he wouldn’t smoke. He’d always had something of a sensitive nose and the smell of the things clung to everything.
Bucky settled back to eating, taking carefully small bites and devoting the utmost concentration on chewing them. Around him the talk flowed, and he could swear he could hear every rustle of damn cotton as the children shifted about. It was almost soothing in a strange way. Bucky was lost to the din when another sound caught his attention. A gentle sound. It carried him back, like he was floating on the lazy river with his face tilted up, skin darkening under summer sun and bright blue sky.
Tony felt the tension in Stefen’s shoulders slowly melting away as the Captain grunted, “You’re being ridiculous.”
They did not linger long at the neighboring lodge. Tony was tempted to accept the farmers offer of a bed for the night and a ride in his wagon come morning, but something about the way the man’s eyes lingered on him and Ian’s nervousness made Tony think it was a bad idea. Despite the warmth of the house and the strain he’d obviously put himself through getting there Ian seemed as anxious to leave as Tony was.
It was so quiet after Steve finished speaking, he could hear every crackle and pop from the fire.  Steve felt the ground beneath him shifting like sand and he desperately searched around the room, looking for a point to anchor him against the too real sensation of sliding. His eyes caught Tony's (his face whole again) and held. The monk took a deep breath in and let it out slow in a silent instruction to breathe that Steve followed. A breath in, a breath out. Then they repeated it again and again. Tony's eyes smiled with encouragement before the monk turned to the children and said, "You have questions. I know you do. Go ahead and ask them."
“That’s a good idea Artur. Let’s get the bed ready,” Ian jumped on the suggestion Artur quickly following after him.
He caught the monk’s eye as he looked up from Maria. The man was watching them curiously, dipping his own bread into his soup.
“But what about the wildcats?” Artur asked nervously, and Tony couldn’t tell whether the boy was anxious to meet one or frightened. Given that it was dark and Artur
Dvorak snorted, the sound a mixture of amusement and irritation.
When Pepper and the children had filed out, Daniel and Cameron following behind after the housekeeper urged them along with a few sympathetic clucks of her tongue, Tony and Bucky turned to the captain expectantly.
Tony, realizing the vein his thoughts had taken, Tony tightened his hands into fists and turned resolutely away from the window as the cab pulled up outside the naval office. What did it matter to him how the Stark Yards had fallen behind? There was not a thing he could do about it.
But even if the stories were true and Grandfather Abel had married poor Henriette for her money, no one who had ever been to the summer house could deny that he’d built her a refuge to be envied. He had also given her three healthy children, whom she’d adored. Charlotte was convinced that kind of affection had a way of sinking into the floorboards of a home.
Steve reached out, his fingers just barely brushing Fiedor’s forehead. Without thinking, pushed forward, by need so deep it overwhelmed him, Steve strained against the exhaustion of his body and restraints to brush the man’s eyes closed. The thin rubbery skin stuck and would only lay half-mast. He tried again and Fiedor’s right eyelid broke off entirely sagging away like raw dough.
Tony laughed, throwing back his head with mirth.
"One colleague with political motive is not evidence Agent Neuman. The Führer was clear. Under no under no circumstances are we to apprehend Major Rogers without sufficient evidence." Captain Arnold reminded the intelligence officer, tossing the file the agent had brought with him to the meeting. The intelligence office had been pushing hard for the arrest of Major Rogers in connection to a series of illegal broadcasts that the Abwehr had intercepted but failed to decode yet. Senior Intelligence Leader Herr Striker had sent Agent Neuman to put pressure on the local police to make a formal arrest. But the public’s admiration for the man practically declared Rogers untouchable.
