who had left him alone and guilty. Sherlock was back and John was angry, but there was still Mary. Mary who
“I’m sorry to have worried you,” Sherlock’s voice is gravelly with sleep. His hair is a mess, and his clothes are wrinkled. John thinks that he wouldn’t mind waking up to the sight of him, then pushes the thought aside.
and a hideous mint-green comforter. He is
“Yes. She was very helpful at getting clients to open up. I think she’ll be an invaluable case partner someday.”
“Oh, stop pouting, it was a joke.” John dissuades, brushing Rosie’s hair with his fingers. “You’ve been doing very well with her.”
The footsteps are all wrong- too little weight resting on them, too shuffling, too slow. Not the slowness of hesitation, but the slowness of age, going off of the arthritic pauses as weight shuffles from one foot to the other. The door to the lowest landing turns. One of Mrs. Hudson’s friends, then. Not-John.
“Is this okay?” He asks. John nods. They’re quiet and still for a moment, and the only sound is their breathing. John breathes faster than Sherlock, Sherlock notices. Sherlock closes his eyes and listens to John’s breathing. There’s an energy in the room like the electricity in the air before lighting strikes. Sherlock wants to touch and smell and taste, and happily reminds himself that he has the rest of his life to do so. His heart is pounding against his rib cage.
9:06 am: Mrs. Hudson mistakes Rosie’s playful shrieks for screams, enters the flat, and assumes that Sherlock has let Rosie play with his latest experiment. She is set to rights before she can make good on her very inventive (spoons were involved) threat to Sherlock’s person.
) or whether he was attracted to him (
Sherlock had countered, and god but hadn’t that made John’s chest constrict warmly.) He has to be at work in just under an hour. John needs to prepare to leave- he considers waking Sherlock, but concludes that Rosie is in good hands and he can get ready faster if she’s taken care of. He hasn’t lived here in quite some time, but even in light of the recent repairs and renovations the flat hasn’t changed much. Certainly, the shower hasn’t moved. Sherlock won’t mind- probably won’t notice- if John steals some of his soap and shampoo, borrows his razor. John showers quickly, then retrieves yesterday’s clothes from upstairs. It’s a little sloppy, but it’ll do. By the time he’s got his shoes on and returned downstairs, he’s got forty minutes to work with.
because he’s still sitting across the table from him, still offering to move back in with him.
comes to mind,
“What about?” Sherlock asks.
John is warm and soft and smells like home. Though they start off on opposite ends of the bed, Sherlock takes the first movements towards him. He scoots closer on the bed and rolls over so he’s facing John.
There was a bad day. A very bad day, the kind of day you spend in blood up to your elbows with the smell of singed flesh and gunpowder burning in your nose. They lost someone, a new recruit who died in pain, in terror, on their operating table. Dark fell long before they finished the day’s work. Then the last man had been patched up and the tables had been sanitized and John had scrubbed himself clean and somehow “Well done, Watson,” wasn’t going to cut it and quite frankly, wasn’t true.
Then there’s Rosie to think of. Rosie, who probably won’t retain any memory of her mother. The thought never fails to make a lump swell in John’s throat. Mary would’ve been an unparalleled mother, and John regrets achingly that she didn’t have the chance to become one. He mourns his wife for all that she was, but also for all she never got to be. He mourns the mother his daughter never got to know and love. No one can replace Mary. No one will suffice as a substitute for Rosie’s mother. John will grieve Mary for as long as he lives, because every time he looks at his daughter he sees the imprint of the woman who bore her.
Outline of the albums and POVs planned so far. Will be updated as story progresses. Happy to hear album suggestions!
This gives Sherlock an idea. With some maneuvering, he eases Rosie into the carrier and straps it to his chest so that she’s facing him. Then, he picks up the Stradivarius. It’s challenging to hold it to its chin with Rosie strapped to his chest, but after some trying he manages it. Mary smiles at him. Sherlock begins to play a violin concerto by Bach, something lively and easy to show off on, Rosie’s head bobbing between his bow arm and the shoulder cradling the violin. Rosie claps her hands together delightedly. Sherlock talks her through the movements of the concerto, elaborating on the main melody to make it his own piece. There’s a particular section Rosie seems most responsive to, so Sherlock plays it an extra time before moving onto the next theme.
11:54 am: Perhaps not so quick a break. Even with all the practice he’s had in recent months, it takes Sherlock three tries to wrangle Rosie, then get the damn sticky tabs on the diaper to stick in place. They seem to want to stick everywhere- the carpet, Rosie’s belly, Sherlock’s fingers- aside from where they’re supposed to.
“But… but what about Mary?”
Rosie squeals in delight and shoves both palms into the frothing mess. Sherlock takes her enjoyment as an opportunity to explain acid-base reactions. (“The sodium bicarbonate acts as a base, accepting a proton from the acetic acid, producing water and carbon dioxide gas.” In response to Rosie’s gurgles, he clarifies, “Bubbles.”)
“So how does this work?” John asks. “You can’t take the whole bed, Sherlock.” Sherlock scoots to the side he prefers.
“Yes?” John prompts, setting the fork aside. His face is inscrutable.
“If you’re thinking of moving back in.” Sherlock finishes. “I need to tell you…” he trails off.
“John, I… I want you however I can get you.” Sherlock decides on. “If you want to help me with cases, I want you with me. If you want to live here, then I want you here. If you want to be my best friend, then you are my best friend.”
“Mrs. Hudson. I was going to drop her on my way out.”
Footsteps on the stairs.
The day goes something like this:
he doesn’t say out loud.
parts,” he would say) he has been married to his Work. He called it a marriage because it was what he had committed himself to, for better or worse, richer or poorer, till death do they part. It was the closest he thought he’d ever come to the kind of matrimonial solidarity experienced by normal people. He never thought there would be a person he’d want to devote his life to.
“And you…?”
he thinks.
“Please don’t make me say it,” Sherlock grits out. “This is… humiliating. If you’re going to reject me then please do so without me having to admit this. You have to know. I know your powers of observation are not on the same level as mine, but John, there is no way that you don’t know. Everyone knows. Mycroft, Mrs. Hudson, Molly Hooper, Moriarty, even bloody Eurus and she has absolutely no social understanding, but even she could see it  ̶̶  ”
“Oh.” Sherlock says. “Oh.”
in fairy stories. The Silence is all-consuming, limitless.
Sherlock isn’t one for pointless self-indulgence, but John has decided to stay tonight- it’s a special enough occasion that he feels it warrants a bit of self indulgence. So, Sherlock imagines. From the quiet sitting room of 221B, Sherlock considers the warm body asleep in the bed upstairs. For a moment, he lets himself pretend that later tonight he’ll close up the laptop, kiss his sleeping daughter on the forehead and click the baby monitor back on so he can climb the stairs and crawl into bed with the man he loves. He imagines how John would feel, warm and sleepy, half-awake when Sherlock slips under the sheets, smiling slightly and teasing him about the lateness of the hour and the curry on his breath. Sherlock’s chest aches and he forces himself to stop. He reminds himself that John is here, and that he would do anything to keep John here, even if that means John never knows what Sherlock thinks of when it’s four in the morning and the world is quiet and still.
Sherlock sighs and comes over to the crib. He lifts Rosie from the crib. She gurgles happily and shoves her hands into his hair, getting a firm grip. She smiles at him, and, with a glance to Mary, he smiles back. Rosie removes a hand from his hair to suck on her thumb. She watches him as though he is the most interesting thing she’s ever seen.
Instead, he says, “You could stay here tonight.” When John looks like he’s going to protest, Sherlock pushes on. “The room upstairs is empty, and Rosie has a crib here. You have to be at work in six hours and you can sleep for longer if you don’t waste time trying to make it across town. Your patients will prefer their doctor well-rested.”
“I felt like such a fool!”
in the wall. Too high to climb out them, he surmises.
“I left the kettle on,” she offers somewhat helplessly.
John has always liked women. The men in his outfit called him “Three Continent Watson,” and not without good reason. But occasionally there were men that he noticed. Not enough to try anything with them, just a physical awareness that he wouldn’t
Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock lies pressed against John’s chest, listening to him breathe. He hears when his breathing evens out. Sherlock is afraid that if he goes to sleep he will wake up and this will
“Better.” John confirms, and climbs into bed.
John drives to work cursing himself, wondering what in the hell
Mary knew. It took him months to open up about Sherlock, but when he did, Mary’s first question, after talking for a solid forty minutes over paper cups of tea on a beautiful fall Sunday in Hyde Park, was “Did you love him?”
Then there’s the matter of what he’s going to say to Sherlock when he sees him later tonight. What is there to say?
That night, Sherlock puts Rosie to bed in her crib while John cleans up the table. When the table is clear and Rosie is fast asleep, they watch crap telly. Sherlock sits in his chair and John sits in his. Eventually John’s yawns become more frequent and Sherlock turns off the television. John gets ready for bed in the bathroom and Sherlock crawls into bed. He leaves the light on. When John comes in, after checking on Rosie, he shuts the light off.
). When he’s finished speaking, deductions falling from his lips on autopilot, he looks at the client. Her eyebrows are raised,but she’s smiling- impressed in spite of herself.
Sherlock’s mouth dries out at the proximity and he has to clear his throat. John seems unfazed, sitting at the place Sherlock had set for him.
John, offering up his life even knowing he had everything to lose. Everything, of course, in the form of his month-old daughter, already motherless, soon to be orphaned if John had his way. The parts of the game that Sherlock can’t forget are the stakes- John Watson shot, John Watson drowned, another best friend murdered, another best friend gone. Only different now, due to all the things Sherlock has never managed to say. In the simplest terms, the words he carries in his chest for John Watson are engraved in the brass plate on the lid of a coffin built for Molly Hooper.
Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock, and tried to push them back together again, and in so doing proved why she would be the woman he’d marry. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were a package deal, even after two years apart and rough-healed wounds from a painful separation, and Mary, brilliant as she was, understood immediately what she was getting into. She tried to bring them together because Mary knew John better than he knew himself and recognized that John needed Sherlock in his life. She brought John and Sherlock together, then John married her and drove them apart again.
Mary’s smile, slow and sweet and sad, her hand curling around his gently. “That wasn’t what I asked.”
“But?” John asks. His eyes have gone soft, but his face is tight. He’s waiting and Sherlock doesn’t know if he can give him what he’s waiting for.
The events with Eurus unfold, and John has to admit to himself that it’s not Sherlock’s fault, it was never Sherlock’s fault. John finds that every time he forgives it gets easier. Every time he’s loved it has gotten harder.
7:50 am: No new cases, or at least none worth looking at. Sherlock puts Rosie in her high chair (from Harry- John didn’t like it as much as the one Mary had been given at her baby shower, so it had taken up residence at 221B) so that he may continue with an experiment involving submerging several human organs in baths of varying acidity for set increments of time to determine how acidity impacts decay. Though Rosie is initially occupied with a large pile of stuffed animals, she discovers that they’re far more fun to throw than to play with.
John takes a final look at what he’s leaving behind- Sherlock and his clear eyes, his large hands, Rosie, in all her perfection, curled up in his arms. “I know,” John says, and leaves.
John thought he’d fixed everything. The world was the way it was supposed to be: John was happily married, Sherlock was back on Baker St. solving cases, right where he was meant to be. John didn’t understand why it wasn’t working, why Sherlock relapsed within weeks of the wedding, why Sherlock is being reckless, and stupid, and is
If he sometimes considered what it would be like to have sex with the man, well, that was nobody’s business but his.
“Then perform honestly,” Mary encourages.
Whatever they are, whatever they’ll become, they’ll emerge together. The patterns are clear: when John Watson and Sherlock Holmes are separated, the world falls apart. This time, Sherlock understands what he has to lose. He can’t risk that separation again. There’s just one (very large) problem.
“You don’t need to be an ideal emotional model, Sherlock,” Mary tells him from where she hovers at the corner of the room, watching Sherlock pace and pretend he’s not pacing. “Any responsive caretaker will do.”
He is so immersed in the piece and in social mirroring that he can no longer feel the ticking of his watch on the mantelpiece. He stops counting the seconds until John arrives, which is why he’s surprised when he hears a knock at the door.
“To be cruel?” Molly sniffs. Sherlock tears a paper towel off the roll on the counter and offers it to her. She takes it and mops at her eyes.
̶̶  pinwheels caught on summer breezes at a fair he’s read about in a book years ago  ̶̶
- and his heart is pounding painfully before he reaches the landing. There’s a steely calm setting in, the calm that John called on as a Captain, when fear is allowed only insofar as it is useful. Hands steady, John opens the door to the downstairs, strides purposefully to the crib in the living room only to find it empty. John swallows back something rising in his throat and searches the rest of the flat. The kitchen and bathroom yield no sign of either Rosie or Sherlock. John isn’t sure if that makes him more or less nervous. Sherlock has been doing well with his goddaughter- excellent, really, better than even John could’ve expected- but he’s still Sherlock. The only room John hasn’t examined is Sherlock’s bedroom, the door to which is closed. Forcing himself to breathe, John crosses the hallway. The only sound is the creaking of the boards under his feet. No sound from behind the door. The knob is cold in his hand. It creaks sharply when he turns it. The door swings wide, John ducked behind it as though for cover, old reflexes setting in, then he’s inside the room, and for a moment John forgets to breathe.
The real Sherlock, meanwhile, is utterly occupied with the tiny human he has taken responsibility for.
Then her eyes blinked open and he stopped thinking at all. In that moment, the only thing in his head was her, her scrunched up eyes (still birth-blue), the warm pressure of her slow breathing, her impossibly tiny hands opening and closing fruitlessly. In that instant, he understood that failure was not an option. He could not fail Rosie Watson.
“Who is she with today?” Sherlock asks.
These thoughts chase each other through John’s mind through a day of work that would otherwise be tedious, made almost unbearable by the way his brain feels sluggish due to last night’s sleep deprivation. It’s a long day, made longer by the way Sherlock is taking up far too much of the space behind his eyes.
He’s in a bed with white sheets
bloody
Sherlock watches Rosie for a day. (Short one, sorry.)
“It’s like she wants me to perform,” Sherlock muses.
Then he met Arthur. Arthur was a medic, one of the Fusiliers. He had a smile like a lightning storm, and never an unkind word for anyone. He had quick hands and a wry sense of humor, a love of classic rock and an ability to tell stories that could make anyone sit down and shut up and listen. They worked well together. They could perform surgery without speaking, just a seamless flow of communication without words. They were an excellent team and together they saved lives. It was good, it was everything John had hoped for when he’d joined the army. Every night, at the return to barracks, Arthur would clap John on the back and say, “Well done, Watson,” and smile like a clap of lightning, thunder rolling and sending the hairs on the back of John’s neck stand straight up, and John would smile back, and that would be enough.
he tells himself.
“There’s a reason she chose you for her game,” Sherlock continues. Molly doesn’t stop crying, but she looks up, her wet eyes meeting his, her hands away falling from her face.
- at John’s apparent ignorance and fear that John would leave if he ever confronted him about it. The only thing in the world that Sherlock could not tolerate would be having to be without John Watson again, after everything they’ve survived together. Sherlock never thought he’d have a friend- he certainly never thought he’d experience something so quintessentially human and emotional as romantic love. He’s compared his experience with experiences he’s heard described, he’s filtered it through the schemas of Eros, and there’s another pattern emerging. Emerged, really, though how long ago, he’s not comfortable saying. Remembering the persistent constriction in his chest at John’s wedding, like being deprived of air and dying very slowly, the pattern emerged quite some time ago. Mary’s words echo around a sealed wing in his Mind Palace: “If I’m gone, then I know what you two can
“She woke up, “ Sherlock offers helpfully.
He isn’t exactly 100% straight either.
for Christ’s sake. He’s received to hear that it’s all for a case, and he’s happy to put the prickle of jealousy to rest. Somehow, even once he meets Charles Augustus Magnussen something still feels off, like the case is just an excuse for Sherlock to self-destruct. All the clues are starting to come together- Sherlock’s best man speech, watching him through the crowd as he left the wedding early, the nosedive after John’s wedding- the pieces are there, but John is completely unwilling to address them or try to put them together. Then the revelation of Mary’s background tears the ground out from under him and John forgets about Sherlock. He’s absorbed entirely with his-wife-the-liar, his-wife-the-killer, the pain of betrayal, the sharper pain of knowing that Sherlock’s right, that he
1.	John’s presence increases mental performances & efficiency by an average of 37%. In fact, his absence is often a distraction in itself.
3.	Eventual inevitable boredom.
“I-I’m so sorry to bother you, b-but I just got m-mugged! Oh God, they took my wallet and phone, please! You have to help me! I don’t know what to dooo!” Sherlock turned out his pockets and let his voice rise in upset, adding a few quick breaths to simulate hyperventilation. The man gaped at him before his gaze fell on the bleeding scrapes on the detective’s face.
“I grazed them earlier, they are fine though. I’d actually forgot all about them until you mentioned it.” John flushed again, unwilling to explain to Sherlock’s parents that he’d climbed out of a third storey window and slid down a drainpipe rather than wear the suit Sherlock had picked out for him.
“Very impressive.” Sherlock fixed John with a look of pride and admiration. “Nice idea to use your dictaphone to cover the fact you were on to him.” Normally when Sherlock praised his former flatmate in the past, his face would light up in appreciation of the rare recognition, but in this instance, he just half shrugged in discomfort.
:: Vc ::
The time of death had been placed no more than two hours after she was last seen. It was still light at that time so it wasn’t that Holly had tripped and stumbled in the dark. She was known to enjoy walks to the cliff, especially when she needed to clear her head. There was no history of depression but the coroner had ordered an inquiry to try and determine if the cause of death was an accident or suicide
“I believe you mean that now. But I also know that if a situation arises where it would be beneficial to fake your death again, then you’ll do it. Don’t even deny it, you’d make the most logical choice because that’s what you do.” John saw the conflict on Sherlock’s face and stepped away from him. “I’m sorry I upset you… I’m gonna head to bed, it’s been a long day.”
“I’m fine, thank you… but do I even know you?” Mrs Price looked bemused, but John’s sympathetic approach had disarmed her somewhat. John looked down at his feet, feeling a blush coming to his cheeks.
“It grounds you; I can understand that.” Sherlock replied with a nod, he hesitated before he continued speaking. “I know I’m not the best person when it comes to emotions but I want you to know that if you’re ever feeling overwhelmed, John, that I
The detective paused with a frown at the brief message.
“Wow, really? That’s… um, nice… to know, I guess?” John fumbled a little, unsure about how to react to such praise.
“Sher-?” John slurred, cracking his eyes open fractionally. He gasped as he presumably remembered what happened and again tried to sit up. “Where’s he?” John’s eyes darted back and forth, looking for his assailant. Sherlock could hear the sirens; it was too soon for the paramedics so he figured that it must be the police.
“Wow.” John didn’t have anything more articulate to say for a moment or two. “I can’t believe you went all over the world, taking down terrorists and other criminals left, right and centre. You’re amazing. It makes my ‘I believe in Sherlock Holmes’ campaign pale in to insignificance really.” The doctor looked down at his lap for a moment, humbled by what his best friend had achieved. He felt a squeeze to his hand and raised his head.
He thought as he answered it.
“Doctor Watson. What’ve you got?” John asked, supressing another yawn, he was on call for the Met this afternoon, which meant he could be summoned at a moment’s notice. Like now. “Alright, text me the address and I’ll be right there. I’ll need my spare kit.” The doctor cut off the call and put his basket on the shelf in the freezer, he didn’t like just abandoning his shopping for someone else to put away but he had a job to do.
“But as you’ve just explained, you put aside your caring nature to be able to work at peak performance. It’s not your capacity for sentiment that makes you good at your job.” Mycroft watched as John carefully stretched out his aching shoulder, wincing as bones cracked and popped.
“As for me, I threw myself at the books. I was in the highest set for all my subjects, took up rugby as an extracurricular activity, joined the school orchestra… all for nothing. They never went to a single show, match or parents evening. Pretty sure none of my secondary school teachers even knew what my mum and dad looked like. So, I went to medical school on a full merits-based scholarship and they were no-shows at my graduation ceremony.” John picked at some fluff on the sleeve of his jumper, trying not to let his bitterness show on his face.
“That’s… not what I always used to say.” John had picked up his cutlery, staring down at his pie and chips but not eating yet. The doctor could almost feel Sherlock’s eyes on him but he refused to look up just yet.
“But don’t you miss it? Not just the dates, I mean, but the affection, the intimacy and the physical side of things?” Sherlock moved and sat down in his chair, leaning forward with his elbows on his knees, still studying John with his deep grey eyes.
“I’m glad you’re here.”
“I’ve got to go, text me if you need anything while I’m out and eat that sandwich before it goes stale and I’ll be back in a bit.” John checked to make sure he had his wallet with him, he’d need enough to get to the bar that his sister was currently holed up in, then to get her back to her flat safely and then finally to get himself back to Baker Street.
“You need to go home and get some sleep. I’m meeting Lestrade now but Mycroft will take you.” The detective glanced at his older brother, seemingly daring him to argue but the civil servant was already summoning a car with his Blackberry. “Mrs Hudson was going to leave something for you in the oven when I told her you’d worked all night, make sure to eat it before you pass out.”
“Yes, he’s just inside having a cup of tea. His name is Mr Doyle, he said he’s often seen you in the supermarket having to rush off before you’ve even finished shopping. He said it happened again today but this time he took your basket and paid for it, bringing it here for you.” She explained as she gripped on to the former soldier’s arm to take him into her flat.
“It’s fine, just breathe. You can tell us later when you’re patched up and full of lovely opiates… Though that might adversely affect the reliability of your testimony.” The weak attempt at a joke was accompanied by a strained smile, but the effort at levity was appreciated judging by the look in the doctor’s eyes.
“How come you’re working out here and not in the gym?” Sherlock seemed to find his voice again finally. John breathed carefully, exhaling when he pulled himself up and inhaling when he returned to the starting position.
“My brother would never admit it out loud but he respects John immensely, at first glance he may seem pretty ordinary but he’s anything but. He’s still one of the most interesting people I know, even after all this time.” Sherlock put the lid back on his coffee and took a sip with a noise of satisfaction. “But anyway, the case, found anything?”
“Yeah? Doesn’t surprise me actually, the Doc is usually the type to live and let live but get him started on something he’s passionate about and there’s no stopping him.” The Inspector picked up his black coffee and took a short sip before putting it back in the cupholder.
“It’s fine, my shoulder’s gonna hate me but I’d rather that than risk making a twisted ankle into a sprain or worse. Trust you to go and get injured on the first day here, I tried to warn you about the drop off from the path but you didn’t hear me, what on Earth were you thinking about?” The doctor used his forearm to wipe the sheen of sweat from his forehead before it could get into his eyes.
“You can’t have, not if you don’t trust me to go off on my own.” Sherlock’s lip was curled up in a sneer as he practically snarled the words out. His head was pounding; half because of the concussion and half because of the sense of betrayal he was feeling.
“Thanks for the tea, I appreciate it.” John picked up his mug, blew on it before taking a small sip. Sherlock could practically see the tension in John’s face bleed away as he relaxed. “So, what did you want to talk to me about then?” The detective had picked up his own cup in the meantime, clearing his throat nervously before he spoke.
When Sherlock and John arrived at the crime scene in a black cab, DI Lestrade was outside on the pavement waiting for them, holding an umbrella to protect himself from the dank mid-afternoon drizzle.
“In a weird way, being in the Afghan desert made me feel closer to you than I’d been in a year. Just knowing that you’d walked the same ground years earlier eased my mind. In fact, I recognised a few places from the little you’d told me of your tours.” John couldn’t help the smile that jumped to his face at hearing that, touched that Sherlock had been thinking of him. “Eastern Europe was a massive shock to the system after all that heat though.” The detective shivered dramatically.
On a hunch, Sherlock took his phone out and looked up the law practice that Holly worked for. The man in the picture was Jonathan Price, a specialist solicitor in divorce and family law.
EDIT: In celebration of 1000 hits I've reworked the story according to feedback from Finnmark regarding epithets. That's the only difference, except for a couple of minor word changes. No plot changes etc.
“There were two main cells and numerous sub cells. I concentrated on the bigger targets; the lesser ones withered into nothing without guidance from above. That took about three months in all. Then there was weeks of combing through to make sure we’d got everything. We didn’t want to leave even one person behind who could rebuild it all from scratch. Only when we were sure it was done, that’s when I came home.” Sherlock looked relieved, as if stepping off the plane on to London soil for the first time in two years all over again.
A client from Heacham had emailed him with a link to an article from a local newspaper, a woman had fallen to her death while walking along the cliffs in nearby Hunstanton the night before. However, the accompanying email pointed out some strange discrepancies. Firstly: the deceased (34 year old Holly Walters) was a native and knew those cliffs very well. Secondly: the day of the accident was clear, dry and without fog, lessening the likelihood of Ms Walters simply missing her footing and falling to her death.
“You asked me how I’m feeling? God, I missed you so much, I had so much pain in my heart because you were gone. Now? All that grief has turned to humiliation and it fucking hurts twice as much because you tricked me, I fell for it and I spent the best part of the last two years mourning for someone who was alive all along.” John swallowed again, pulling himself back from the brink of sobs once more. Sherlock let out a breath he didn’t realise he’d been holding.
“Not yet, feel free to have a look around. Just don’t touch them or the murder weapon if you find it.” The Detective Inspector waved a hand to indicate they should go ahead and search the room. Sherlock immediately went to the lockers, picking the locks and opening each one while John started to carefully search through the bags of donations.
Meanwhile John was feeling hot and trying not to panic himself. He managed to take his jumper off on his own but his hands were shaking and damp with sweat so he struggled to undo the buttons on his shirt. Suddenly Sherlock was pulling him from the chair.
“No no! It’s a perfect analogy because that is
“Poor woman; must have been drugged with something then. We’ll do a full tox screen.” Greg wasn’t normally squeamish but the sight of an eyeless face was something that always disturbed him. Thankfully it was rare to come across something like this. “Do you think she bled out?” The once white pillowcases and sheets were covered in blood that had browned due to age and there was a heavy scent of iron and copper in the air.
“It’s alright, don’t torture yourself with what might have happened. I’m here, you’re here; that’s what matters, right?” He felt the detective give him another small squeeze in lieu of an answer before finally releasing him. “Come on, there’s only a couple more boxes to bring up then you can do an experiment or something while I unpack.”
“Yes, but I’m gonna need some time to arrange things, a lot of my furniture is going to have to go because there’s no room upstairs. Plus, I’ll need to pack up what is coming with me. I’ve got a couple of days completely clear in about ten days, I’ll move back in then if you’ll help me.” John decided he’d had enough of freezing to death so turned to head towards the door back inside.
“But it has coconut oil in it. If I use it, you could come into contact with it then you could asphyxiate on our floor and I’ve had enough of that for one lifetime, I thank you!” Sherlock declared dramatically as he found something in the back of a cupboard. “Aha, look here! Macaroons! These were a death sentence waiting to happen! What if you’d decided to eat these when I wasn’t here to call an ambulance, then what?” John looked up at the six foot of manic detective waving a packet of cookies at him and sighed.
Lestrade’s unmarked police car pulled up in front of Sherlock and interrupted his thoughts, he opened the passenger side door and climbed in, there were two coffees sitting in the cupholders so the detective picked up the nearest one.
“Not the best but it’s not like we’ll be spending much time in here.” John commented as they walked in, there were two single beds on either side of the small room and a tiny ensuite. John put his rucksack into a small wardrobe, not bothering to unpack properly. “Right, let’s get to work then. Text me when you’re done and I’ll do the same.”
“You’ll have to come up with a good name for the trust. I already know that you’re too modest to let it be named after you, maybe something more descriptive is needed.” Sherlock watched John’s face as it turned thoughtful. “No rush though, as there’s something else that requires your undivided attention right now.” He slipped one hand under the fabric of the half unbuttoned shirt to caress John’s chest.
As Dr Chen whirled in that direction, the detective saw a blur of movement from behind one of the conveyer belts. The former soldier rushed forward and delivered a solid punch into Chen’s solar plexus that knocked all the wind out of him, almost bending him in two. John followed it up with an elbow to his back to force him to the floor.
“…Well, what do you know? It’s the RNIB: Royal National Institute of Blind People.” John grinned as Sherlock’s head whipped up at the revelation and they shared a knowing look. “I think that’s enough to get us a warrant. Especially as we’re only part way through Allatel’s financial year so any donations to the RNIB won’t be in these accounts.”
“Over a pint usually, I’ve got a few tales of my own from when I was training or about things that happened when I was on the beat.” The Inspector shrugged and grinned to himself. “Dunno why you are so jealous, stories about lads larking about and getting into trouble isn’t really your thing anyway.”
“Greg.” John moved his head slightly to repeat his nod to the Inspector who had a paper cup containing whatever passed for coffee in this hospital, it was probably tepid and barely palatable.
:: Pick me up from the University College Hospital. – SH ::
“Geez, John, you sound like shit! Did you even get any sleep last night?” Lestrade asked, but when it became apparent that John didn’t intend to answer that question, he continued. “Suit yourself. I’ve got a woman who has been stabbed to death, I’ll text you the details.” John mumbled his goodbyes and hung up, thrust his phone in his pocket, grabbed another scone, shoving it in his mouth before picking up his kit and heading out the flat.
“The canteen at New Scotland Yard, I didn’t really steal them either. Sally saw me but she guessed they were for you and let me get away with it.” Sherlock put them all on the table with a small butter knife before sinking back in his chair. “So what should we talk about now?”
“John, here, try this!” Sherlock had already stuck a small spoon into the top of it. The doctor took the tub in his hands and looked at his friend suspiciously.
John thought as he reached up and squeezed Sherlock’s wrist in comfort.
to understand what I was trying to tell her.”
:: Nearly. Just got access to the body and noticed some atypical bruising that I want to look a bit closer at first, I’ll meet you there when I can. – JW ::
A little later and John was walking to work, it was a brisk morning and he felt his senses awakening as he watched London coming to life. He loved doing this twenty minute walk to the UCH, it gave him some quiet time that he rarely got at home or work.
Sliding behind a large tree, Sherlock knelt down to put his phone and wallet in a hollow beneath the roots, he’d retrieve them later on. Sherlock stood back up, taking a moment to psyche himself up before he headbutted the trunk as hard as he could stand. Blinking away stars, he repeated the action once more for good measure before scratching at his own arm for a believable defensive wound.
“It’s not to scare anyone. I just want money; he’s obviously loaded with the way he talks and dresses and you’re his best mate. I don’t want to hurt you, but I will if he doesn’t pay up. Now look at me.” The man said as he raised the camera and John gave him his best ‘the fuck is my life’ face, blinking away the stars from the flash.
“Because it never came up. You and everyone else in the world was happy to assume that ‘I’m not gay’ meant ‘I’m straight’ and I never felt the need to correct you.” The doctor’s answer didn’t seem to satisfy the detective, judging by the way his bottom lip was jutting out.
“Lead you astray? I think that ship has long since sailed, John.” Sherlock was grinning and his eyes were filled with warmth and fondness. John made a show of tilting his head to the side and considering that statement in mock seriousness before nodding.
“Not really, Lestrade said he had a case but I solved it before the phone call was over.” Sherlock’s voice was bored but not that destructive sort of restlessness that resulted in new bullet holes in the wall or toxic waste in the kitchen. The kettle popped and John poured the water into the cups, bringing them back into the living room. He placed Sherlock’s on his little side table before settling into his own chair with his mug.
Sherlock took a sharp intake of breath, mind reeling for something to say, something to make things better but he came up empty. Instead, he gathered up the remains of his disguise, settling for just pulling on the trench coat and shoving the wig and glasses in to a pocket.
“Really, Sherlock? I would have thought the answer to that would have been obvious.” John stood up with a smile, a small one but genuine. “Apart from here, there’s only one other place in London that’s an appropriate backdrop for a life changing meeting between us.” The side of the detective’s mouth twitched upwards minutely in understanding.
John let go of his mug, leaving it on the table as he turned his whole body away from his flatmate. He buried his face in his hands, his shoulders shaking with supressed emotion. Sherlock was on his feet before he even realised it, gripping the former soldier’s upper arms with both his hands, speaking to him in an urgent tone.
“That’s a fantastic idea! I knew so many kids growing up who would have loved to go into further education but their families just couldn’t afford it and there’s only so many scholarships to go around.” John loosened his grip a touch and pulled back to look at Sherlock, his blue eyes sparkling in excitement.
Sherlock huffed in impatience as he folded his arms over his chest in annoyance. His eyes fell on his flatmate as Lestrade said something that made him laugh so hard that he had to put a hand to his still healing rib with a wince. It had been a week since the Falcon case, the doctor was allowed to help out but he wasn’t supposed to chase and/or tackle any suspects.
Sherlock frowned as he finished reading, he couldn’t help noticing a distinct lack of concrete instructions for something that was supposed to be a guide to help others learn how to age cheeses. In fact, on the main page itself there were several links to much more comprehensive tutorials on other sites that gave detailed descriptions of equipment, required humidity levels and storage conditions.
Sherlock could probably work it out, given a few more minutes but he decided to go for the direct approach.
The fact that the doctor was able to make a teasing joke like that after spending God knows how long strapped into a vest loaded with enough explosives to level the building made Sherlock want to laugh and cry at the same time. This man who had been ready to tell his friend to run and leave him to blow himself up with his arm around Moriarty’s throat. Selfless, good and brave people like John Watson weren’t meant to exist in real life, only in stories.
They got back to their room and John pushed Sherlock into the tiny bathroom, he let the sink start filling with water while he grabbed the kit. When the doctor came back, the detective was sitting on the closed lid of the loo, grumpy and grumbling to himself. John picked up a small flannel and dipped it into the warm water.
“Let’s see if we can find out who they support, it’s bound to be on their website.” John commented as he pulled up the browser, flicking through the page and reading quietly. “Ah, thought so! Looks like they pick a new cause every year. Three years ago was Clic Sargent, then Amnesty International, Age UK and for this year…” He murmured as he scrolled.
“I’m so lucky that I met you, you know, I was so bitter and angry when I was discharged.” The ex-soldier drew back with an embarrassed little smile. “I was part of something in the Army. I was needed, I was useful. Then I got injured, flown back to the UK and was expected to fit a Captain John Watson: army medic shaped peg into a Doctor John Watson: civilian shaped hole.”
“Oh, John dear, what have you done to your hands?” Mrs Holmes took the hand nearest to her and turned it palm up to reveal the reddened and slightly scraped skin. Sherlock took a hold of the other one to find that it was in a similar state.
“I brought it for you, to thank you for what you did while I was… away.” Sherlock was chewing on his bottom lip and his restless hands were fiddling with the hem of his suit jacket in anxiety. “Mycroft told me about your campaign and showed me a recording of the press conference you gave. I can only imagine the amount of time and effort you put in to clearing my name, case by case.”
“Hey, Doc, good to see you. Got your bag right here.” Sally Donovan approached him as John bent down to put on some disposable protective shoe coverings.
you to stop this and you still let me suffer for two years!” John’s arms were down by his sides and his hands were clenched into tight fists.
As Sherlock shuffled his chair around, the TV screen flickered to life to show a man standing at a podium in the press room at the Houses of Parliament. The lawyer was telling the journalists gathered that they welcomed the verdict from the Hillman Inquiry into Sherlock Holmes, his cases and the events leading up to his tragic suicide just over a year before.
“Why up here and not the morgue?” Sherlock asked as he turned his collar up to try and stay a bit warmer. John got to his feet to greet him; he was physically shivering as he blew into his freezing hands.
“No answer for me? Not even to deny the obvious implications? Fine, I’ll assume I’m right then. I’ve always known you were a man ruled by sentiments, John, but I thought you were smarter than this! How could you be so idiotic as to plan to com-”
As the doctor reached into his bag to get his gloves, he noticed some deep indentations in the carpet.
Trigger Warnings: Discussions of past suicidal ideation and intent.
“Ooh, Sherlock! Look over there!” The doctor pointed towards a line of takeaways, fluorescent lighting bright even from the murky darkness of the cliffside.
“Please don’t, it’s nice to show off once in a while but I’d like to keep your injuries to a minimum.” John extracted himself from Sherlock’s embrace and finally made it to the kitchen. Sherlock sat himself down on the couch and took off his right shoe as well as the sock. He placed his leg on the coffee table and gingerly pulled up his trouser leg to get a look at his ankle.
“I can’t even imagine my life without you. I don’t want to, it’s unthinkable, unacceptable! I’ll admit that despite my long standing attraction to you, I’ve been content to keep the dynamics of our friendship as they were because I thought pursuing a relationship would be a bad idea. But I’ve changed my mind about that now.” Sherlock reached over to cover John’s hands in his lap with his free one, it was then the doctor realised that he was trembling. His mind had gone blank, struggling to process what was happening.
“I didn’t do it because I wanted your gratitude, Sherlock! I wanted your forgiveness because I failed you!” John’s voice broke and he turned his back on his friend’s shocked face as he choked on his words. “I couldn’t p-protect you… I couldn’t save y- Christ! I can’t! I can’t deal with this!” John turned around and looked towards the stairs in desperation, shaking and almost overcome with emotion. Sherlock knew that a John overwhelmed usually led to a John going ‘Out’ and possibly staying away all night, so the detective moved into John’s path to block his exit route.
“John.” He had what looked to be a Blackberry in his hand, evidently still working hard even when holding a bedside vigil. Out of the three of them, John figured that Mycroft was probably the least upset at him. He could be mistaken though; the British Government did have a very good poker face.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice was gravely as he nodded an acknowledgement to the consulting detective.
John went back to his food, leaving the man-child to his temper tantrum.
“Every time you’ve gone off on your own for a case since I moved back in. There’s a tracking device I got from an Army contact; it looks like a business card so I slipped it into your wallet. Normally I’ll just check it to make sure you’re where you say you are before going to do whatever it is that I’m meant to be doing. But if you’ve gone somewhere else, I follow along after in secret.” John moved back over to his chair, sinking down into it.
“Noted. I’ve been meaning to speak to Mycroft anyway.” John brushed the crumbs from his shirt while his friend gaped at him. “Don’t look at me like that, I owe him an apology. I’ve spent two years freezing him out because I thought he’d screwed you over, only to find out that leaking your life story to Moriarty was part of the plan all along.”
“Yes, she is. I am firmly of the opinion that the dear lady is going to outlive all of us, she’s more spry than almost everyone I know, it’s sickening.” Mycroft’s tone could be mistaken for contempt by someone who didn’t know him well, but the detective noted the subtle inflection on the word ‘dear’ that meant he respected Mrs Hudson and her ability to wrangle his younger brother.
“I’m sorry I made you think you weren’t good enough for me. If I thought you’d let me get away with it, I’d say it was the other way around. You are the only person I’d ever want, John.”
Trigger Warning: Discussion of previous suicidal ideation and intent.
An hour later and the pair were back in Lestrade’s car heading for London, the name of the man in the picture was Morgan Bartley, a 25 year old Army dropout. Apparently, he’d gone AWOL shortly after graduation and had been dishonourably discharged. The Inspector had found out he now worked as a freelance photographer and had a home address in the London Borough of Newham. That’s where they were headed when the DI’s phone beeped.
"I wanted to see that but we missed it in the theaters."
They walked hand-in-hand up the wide corridor, under cheerful, stately decorations to settle in for a long cuddly night.
Was that Sebastian Moran? John shifted, pressing his ear against the little crack.
John kissed him on the cheek and walked towards the exit, hands stuffed in pockets. Sherlock watched him a moment, making a mental note that something might be wrong with his army doctor, before heading for the platform.
"You're welcome, John. I'll get you some water. Just you rest." She fixed the blanket and walked away. When she returned with a clay cup of water he was fast asleep. She set it beside his pallet and went into the empty common bathing area. The others would be rising soon but for now it was silent. Good. She needed to be alone. Grateful for the solitude, she huddled on a damp bench, put her face in her hands and wept.
“No.” Sherlock grumped.
“Where are we?”
“Of course.” John left and deposited the needle and put the blood safely in the fridge in the rack beside the salad, rolling his eyes fondly at the sight of Sherlock’s blood, the remains of the plague blood, and the leftover food. Sherlock was already in the tub when he returned, the spray warm and steamy. John tossed the gloves in the bin and pushed aside the curtain and joined him under the rush of water.
"Oooch, tha's s'nice…" John sank into the water, disappearing before popping up. "This was a lovely idea."
“Hey, Mrs. H. What’s this?” John asked.
“I want to stay in today.” John told him.
Yes, he needed to do this slowly, perfectly. He unfastened each button and slipped the expensive fabric off Sherlock’s shoulders and down his arms, revealing all that fair soft flesh. The scent of his submission was getting stronger and John took a deep breath. Sherlock shuddered and John knew he could smell not only his dominance but probably his arousal too. The shirt was pushed to the floor in a puddle and John opened up his dark trousers, slipping that button and unzipping. His cock was getting stiff and John brushed fingertips over the sensitive head.
“Shouldn’t they come with?”
“This case is maddening.” Sherlock groused.
“Hey.” He called.
“Really?” Sherlock muttered as he was trundled down the hallway.
Mike’s phone rang and rang, then went to voicemail.
“Can you go now, please?” Sherlock wanted to move around, but he didn’t want to see or deal with John right now.
"The texture is fine." Mary said, "but I'm afraid they're a long way from perfect."
“Even from you?”
“Good—excellent. That’s a relief. If you’d be willing, I’d like to explore those things with you, but not all discipline has to come with physical sensations. We could instill something simple like a set of rules for behavior or a curfew for you too.”
“Yes. Does that
"Who?" She asked.
“Do you want to eat first? You can choose. My treat.” John said. “And this time there won’t be a nutter after you.”
"Yes." They pulled apart. "I've not seen Henri with a message notifying us of his departure."
“Somewhat. You don’t need to stay, John.”
Sherlock poured himself a cup of water from the metal pitcher and lifted the lid of the first platter. A few slices of beef were laid out next to a row of potatoes. He lifted another lid, revealing a pile of root vegetables. The third platter held an assortment of flaked fish and a sort of chunky soup. A piece of cake was present as well and Sherlock tucked in. It was classic Hibernian fare. The beef was tender and decent, nothing to sing songs over. The root vegetables were soft without being mushy and he appreciated the lack of seasoning on them. He ate half before turning to the fish. Seafood was Hibern's specialty and he wasn't disappointed. The fish was steamed, drizzled with a sweet sauce, and melted in his mouth. He tried the soup. It was creamy with chunks of cod, potato and carrot and just a bit of spicy heat. He took a couple bites before his full stomach demanded he stop. He took a big gulp of tea (not nearly as good as Mrs. Hudson's but then nothing was) and covered all the platters up again. He wandered into the bathroom, empty save for an inviting tub of steaming water.
John nodded and realized he needed to at least pretend to want to serve this man. "Shall I finish unpacking your things, your Highness?"
“A break in the case?” Betsy asked.
Now Molly was confused. “I…I gave him some results this morning, about Owen, but I haven’t heard from him since then. Is everything alright?”
“Ah.” She went to her computer and Sherlock followed. He leaned over her shoulder to look at the screen. “Jenkins is Type O and that’s mostly what we found on him. There was, though, a little bit of AB as well.”
He was hustled along like a dead thing. He didn't even try to fight. There was no point and the only thing he had energy for anyway was to crawl into a corner and weep. He stumbled along with the guards as they traversed narrow stone corridors. John couldn't stop shivering, whether from cold, sadness, or hunger he couldn't tell.
“You are touching me.”
None of this explained why he was in such a tizzy. He so badly hadn't wanted to go to Chilgrave. Maybe he was just in a foul temper. That happened sometimes with him. She'd get to the bottom of his mood as soon as he was done with the diplomats. She made for the kitchen. She'd whip up his favorite ginger cake dessert. Both her boys had a sweet tooth and there was hardly a problem that couldn't be solved over fresh cake and tea.
comments and kudos are always appreciated <3
John looked pissed off as he tapped a few more buttons on the panel. The machine powered off. Sherlock watched his dom closely. John was going to start scolding him in three…two…one…
“Cold?”
"Yes." John reached into his bag and pulled out a little bundle of thick dark green leaves veined with purple. He gave her two of the leaves, each one half the size of his palm. "Chew one leaf until you taste the bitter juices. Swallow the juice but
Jim said, his tone suddenly lighter, more cheerful. His voice grew louder as he moved around the room below.
“You say it’s not supposed to happen. But why shouldn’t it? You’re suffering the effects of the nightmare and PTSD. What makes you think that however it manifests itself isn’t correct?” Sherlock was glad he’d just been reading about all this. The words were still fresh in his head and far more sentimental than he was used to. “What’s the logic behind what you’re thinking?”
Greg texted back instantly.
John leaned over and took a sip from Sherlock’s tea mug. “I don’t believe that for a second.” He said fondly. “How’s your back?” He gently felt between Sherlock’s shoulder blades.
“Go away.” Sherlock mumbled.
"It's good." John nodded. "Assuming the rest of the map's accurate."
“Harder.” He growled, adjusting his hands on the mantle and stepping his feet up and down. To his dismay, the crop fell away. Silence. Sherlock looked up, peering over his shoulder. John was glaring at him with one brow raised. Sherlock gulped at the steely expression on his face. Even though he was naked, the dominance wasn’t diminished in the slightest. His features seemed harder somehow, the lines of his lips firm and his jaw tight. His eyes were dark in the fading light from outside.
“Yes…”
Sherlock stood up. “If anything else arises, let me know.”
“The kinds of play that we talked about.” Ella prompted gently. “The kind you described as ‘the darker stuff.’”
“You took that cropping so well,” John murmured, soaping him. “That was beautiful. I love how much you love it.” He kissed Sherlock’s shoulder and kept talking to him, murmuring sweet nothings. “Turn please.”
"A fighter.” He hissed in his ear. “This'll be fun. You have to submit to me, Johnny, I mean, I
"Someone I met at Jim's castle."
Sherlock hummed. “Use all three tonight. I’m doing an experiment.”
John grinned and thwapped him harder.
He was already naked by the fire and clutching a pillow when John came in, his clothes flung all over the floor. He stared at the ring, amazed. He never would have ever dreamed that
She stared at him. “Are you sure?”
“I can’t just ‘forget the experiment,’ John! You can’t forget science!”
"Okay." John said. "Any blood?"
"Hullo, dear. How was Chilgrave?" Mrs. Hudson hurried out of her room as he stalked down the corridor to his quarters to change clothes. Behind Sherlock, Sally Donovan caught her eye and shook her head, making a slicing motion across her throat.
“I’m going to take a shower, can you help me with bandaging after?”
https://www.pnas.org/content/104/42/16432.full
Molly Hooper was at a friend’s house, watching a movie while tucked under a checkered blanket. A bowl of popcorn was balanced on her knee and her friend was curled on the armchair. Molly’s ringtone broke through the air and she set the popcorn aside.
“Hey now,” John sat beside him. “This isn’t your fault.”
“Because you’re jealous.” Sherlock said. He sipped his red wine thoughtfully.
The reply was soon coming‒
Sherlock didn’t say anything and Mycroft softened. “I know you don’t give a monkey’s about my opinion one way or the other, but if it’s worth anything at all, this Watson fellow is admirably better than the cretin that was Sebastian. Anyone willing to put up with your more unsavory tendencies,” he eyed a tongue in a plastic container with distaste, “is worth at least a shot.”
"Healer John!"
“How is it?” Betsy asked, grinning as she watched her guests and sub enjoy her food.
“You didn’t hurt me last night, John.”
“Did you just refer to me as ‘stimuli’?”
“Maybe he has no idea what he’s doing.” Sherlock muttered. “At Dixon’s crime scene, John said himself the killer didn’t know anatomy. His dosages are off, his anatomy is off.”
“I would expect nothing less. Just don’t instigate, alright? Let’s keep it civil.”
Another nod.
He warmed himself until a porter appeared with a small spread of food and placed it on the round table near the hearth. Sherlock said nothing as the man left. He heard some clanging and splashing in the bathroom. The servants had used the servant's entrance to the room and they were hauling up buckets of water to fill the tub. Sherlock turned to the food, his stomach growling at the savory aromas.
Sherlock stood up, a little bit giddy with anticipation but also a bit annoyed at the timing. John was being really dominant right now. He sounded almost angry. It was…different. He supposed the doctor must just be in the mood and Sherlock decided he could indulge him if he really needed to dom that badly. He slipped out of his clothes and had no sooner pushed his dressing gown to the side that John stomped over to him and pushed on his shoulder, guiding him forcefully to his knees. Sherlock hit the carpet harder than he would have preferred, and he grunted.
“Show me.” John looked up and Sherlock snapped his fingers loudly. “Good.” He kissed his sub on the lips and wrapped the gag around his head, fitting the ball in his mouth.
The toaster popped and Sherlock wormed away. John watched with a predatory gaze as he fixed two pieces of toast and offered one to him with a teasing little smile.
“Two weeks in the Seychelles?” He said, staring at the plane tickets. Betsy and Molly gasped. Mike whistled.
"Strength is bloody exhausting." John muttered.
“Oh.” John paused, then said, “did you do something to a woman with a riding crop?”
He found a decent looking article and read about how doms could experience a sort of mild depression after intense scenes. The article went on to say that some doms, though in a sort of ‘dom space’ while in the scene that was similar to sub space, could crash afterwards the same way a sub could. Sherlock frowned, thinking over what had happened. He’d stepped away from John and locked himself in the loo and then showered on his own. He hadn’t given any thought at all to his dom, other than thinking about how annoyed he was and how wrong that flogging had gone.
"I won!" Sherlock rested their foreheads together. "I won."
“It’s a special tea I used to make for my husband and second son. The blend is supposed to ease Defense. They always said good things about it.”
“Don’t be so melodramatic. Of course I don’t. Now we know what not to do in a scene.”
"Of course‒"
"Ah!" Sherlock's voice broke and he hugged the pillow tighter.
“Boss isn’t here.” Sherlock said primly.
“Yes, yes.”
“What about Lestrade and the coppers?” John asked.
“Yes.”
Mycroft’s phone went off again and he read the screen. “Charming, John. Very charming.”
“You’re not.” Sherlock put his cup down and hugged his dom, inhaling his scent and burying his face in his shoulder. “Oh God, you’re not.”
“Mine.” John grunted.
He admired the gems again, making a show of thinking about it. "I, ah, you know, I just don't know."
“Of course you are.”
“So you admit that you threw Sebastian into my car because of your Defense?”
“No problem, Mike. None at all.”
“Good. You didn’t tell Lestrade.” He patted his bottom with every word. John lifted it off and Sherlock ducked his head down, tensing—
“And you’re putting on weight because of it.” Sherlock grinned and Lestrade stood up and walked away.
A cheer went up as the bakers emerged from the tent with their final bakes. John couldn't help but smile as he saw Sherlock emerge, carrying what appeared to be a beautiful three-tiered purple and blue wedding cake themed with music notes and swirling staffs.
John sighed. “Of course.”
John growled and grabbed the bottle. He squeezed a ton onto his hand and jacked his cock and smeared his sub’s bottom. When he pushed back in it was smooth as butter.
“I’d be more useful talking to
"Eighteen." She told him. "Pulled it two days ago."
“Listen.” He stepped into Sherlock’s space. “There is
“Oh!” John came out just as Sherlock rounded the doorway and they bumped chests. “Sorry, didn’t see you. Sherlock?” John peered up into frantic eyes, shining with tears. “Oh love.” He pulled his sub into a tender hug and Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s warm strong
"I'm sure any of these fine people would be happy to play you, especially now that we all know your weaknesses as an opponent." Sherlock smiled and a few people in the crowd laughed. He slipped the full bag into a pocket inside his rumpled jacket and drew his ratty cloak up on his shoulders.
“It would be great for him to have more people on his side.” Mike said. “Honestly, most people can’t stand him, but you’re a keeper, John. He’d be lucky to have you in his life.”
The King was stronger than he looked. John tried to pull out of his grip. Jim grabbed his left arm, spun him around, and twisted it around his back.
John pulled back for a moment and smiled at her. “Thanks, Mrs. Hudson. I look forward to calling B my home.”
“No, no no Mr. Berwick, not at all.
Sally was glaring at him, unamused. "Don't take that tone with me, Sherlock. You've got a bug up your arse about something but it doesn't give you the right to be a prick."
He blinked a few times and reached up to cradle Sherlock’s head. He pulled away.
“Of course I was. Come on, we dated for like ten years.”
“I was stupid.” John muttered.
Sherlock took another breath—how could he ever have thought breathing was boring?—and looked at the door.
would be better than being a concubine.
Prompt: Christmas Party
"Damn!" Sherlock hissed. "There's always something."
was the concubine Mrs. Hudson had spoken so highly of in her letter. Mycroft had been flabbergasted to find her falcon Leopold roosting in his bedroom, grooming Henri. He’d read the short missive at once, hardly believing it.  Sherlock, devastated over some concubine? It was lunacy. He’d half a mind to toss the note into the fire and forget all about it. He’d stayed his hand, though. Mrs. Hudson wasn’t prone to histrionics and was, as far as he was concerned, essential to Sherlock’s well-being. The woman deserved a knighthood. The note was founded in determination rather than overly-concerned, hand-wringing panic. It was nice to match the man with the note.
John didn't see Sherlock for two days. King Mycroft had returned from the border so John was seeing less of Molly in the herana. King Mycroft's man, Greg Lestrade, had a fondness for her. Molly seemed to be fond of him as well and John was happy for her that she was spending time with one of the nicer guests.
“Yes, John.”
Sherlock thought of John slamming Coel up against the wall. Seb flying into traffic was an image he wasn’t likely to forget anytime soon.
Sherlock caught a cab back to B. Normally he’d take the Tube but he wanted to get there faster and see John off. His doctor was coming down the steps with his bag when he entered and they met with a kiss.
He rubbed Sherlock’s throat and was relieved to find that everything was fine.
"Sherlock's pie batter? It's delish!"
“Stay still!” John smacked his thigh.
“Ah—stop, stop, stop…”
"So this cable has experienced a great deal of disturbance." Sherlock reached for a pen. "There's a formula that shows exactly how‒"
“Do you want a spanking?”
He washed his hair and massaged his scalp for a while, thoroughly enjoying the little moany noises Sherlock made.
John licked his lips, his cock lurching painfully in his jeans. Sherlock naked—masturbating—his lips swollen and stretched around that toy. All the heat in his body went south and he let out a fast panting breath. “What are you doing and can I please help you?” He finished pulling off his coat and tossed it in the general direction of the coat rack, his eyes locked on Sherlock, then yanked off the rest of his clothes. He had no idea what this was, but
“If you can’t keep your hands to yourself, you can’t use them at all.” John announced.
Sherlock, bored that afternoon, went to the morgue. John came with as they were going to stop by the library afterwards to pick up the movie.
, yeah?” Greg gave him a meaningful look, “something that doesn’t involve needles in your arm?”
“My sodding brother.” He hissed, leaping to his feet. “What did he say to you?” He demanded.
“You are not leaving.”
John glanced down. Sherlock's hand was on his, patting him twice before he pulled away awkwardly.
"Yeah me too." John said.
He realized that if he wanted to, he could see John again. He was imprisoned in this horrible castle and as a guest all Sherlock would have to do was summon him. The thought pleased him and he decided to request John again tonight. He stood up and slipped his favorite dagger into his belt. Mycroft had gifted it to him years ago. The silver blade curved up at the tip and the handle was a lovely cherry wood wrapped in black leather. He liked the weight and length of it. It wasn't too flashy and it didn't draw attention, unlike some of the gem encrusted knife hilts he'd seen. Garish and likely to be stolen, not to mention a right pain in the arse to scrub free of blood.
“No. No more paddling. You shouldn’t bruise, anyway.”
was in charge. He yanked a dressing gown over his shoulders and swept into the kitchen, ready for a fight, ready for John to be waiting for him. What he did find was slightly anticlimactic and actually rather nice.
“You’re going to feel like a tit once you come out of this.” Sherlock told him. John stood there breathing hard, riled from both Greg’s and Mycroft’s presences today in their flat.
“A few of us, yeah—where is he?” All of them were watching Sherlock and he took another puff.
“I think so.” Sherlock said dryly, remembering John slamming Logan around. John in Defense and armed with a gun? Just the idea made him feel safe.
“This will end, love.” He smiled. “Between me and your brother and Lestrade, we should be able to make him wish he’d never been born.”
“M’fine.”
“To what do we owe this behavior?” Mycroft asked. “Not enough dead people in the city for you today?” He stepped over a flung out arm and pushed a curtain open.
“My arse is still sore, you think they’d let me beg off?”
Sherlock grunted and some of his own tension melted away. It felt good to hear John say that. "It's your Defense." Sherlock said into his shoulder. He smelled of dust and old fabric and day old deodorant. Sherlock smiled and leaned back, searching his dom's face. "Your eyes are dark, your lips red." He glanced down. "You've had a partial erection since we walked into this room. You're very sexy when you're Defensive." He gave his dom a wicked little grin.
The doctor pursed his lips and Sherlock nuzzled into his neck. “Look me over. See for yourself that I’m fine.”
"I see." He waved his hand. “I know methods, I’m just impatient for the outcome.”
Fifteen minutes later, pasta was boiling and the flat smelled of garlic and sizzling meat. Sherlock piled an armful of chemistry glassware behind the green chair and then carefully set his microscope beside it. John had despaired of his tidying methods but Sherlock didn’t see anything wrong with it. Mike and Betsy were going to be in the kitchen, after all, and they were hardly going to go poking around behind the chairs.
Lestrade brought them all to a small conference room with a bright window that overlooked the city. A round wooden table had four comfy office chairs around it. Lestrade took a few bottles of water out of a tiny fridge in the corner. He set them on the table and Donovan closed the door. Sherlock sat, still in his coat, and John sat beside him. The officers settled across from them and Lestrade put the recorder on the table.
"Time got away from me." He barely bit back the 'sir.'
That was a horrible year.” He looked at his hands, fisted in the blankets. “The fishing was bad. Lots of people's crops died from this weird blight. People were getting sick and dying. The only reason we lasted was because my mum's business as a healer was booming. People were dying and had nowhere else to turn. They paid us in food but it wasn't enough. They didn’t have enough of anything to pay us with and my mum wasn’t about to turn anyone away." He looked up at Sherlock. "He took that bread in the main town further inland and was sent to prison. Never made it out. The only thing we had to offer in recompense was our lives. Lives are worthless but money, Jim loves money. And power, and torturing innocent victims." His voice was bitter and he fell silent.
with Sherlock and a cuppa and the nice warm flat.
John gasped and humped up into his sub’s warm mouth and Sherlock slid his hands between his arse and the sofa, grabbing John’s bum and squeezing.
“Here you go, Mrs. H.” John handed her the empty basket.
“What?” Sherlock asked.
in his life and he’d be damned if he just sat back and watched him let him get himself murdered.
“Ian, do you know of any roads near Ferndale that are dirt and not surrounded by trees?”
He squeezed John tighter. In a perfect world he could take him back to Sherrinford and they could spend as much time together as they wanted. However, this wasn't a perfect world. John belonged to Moriarty. He wasn't a free man but a prisoner who was, to put it bluntly, a terrorist desired by the Hibern crown. Extraneous nonsense, in Sherlock's opinion. John was the most marvelous thing he'd ever encountered.
John went very still. He opened his mouth, closed it, and looked away. He opened and closed his left fist a few times.
“Love you too.”
“Really?” John said. “Am I off the hook?”
“Never once.”
"My apologies." Sherlock opened the fridge and grabbed the egg carton.
“Oh fuck…” John wailed into the pillow. Sherlock rubbed his trapezius muscles and then swept his hands back down, repeating the motion. He found the tiny rhomboids with his thumbs and worked those open. “We’re doing this more often.” John declared. “You’ve been holding this back.”
The detective chuckled and John pulled him into a hug. “Do you want to settle?”
"Get set‒"
“So he calls me over and I think—it’s a bloke!—a, a person in the water! Maybe he’s alive! So we pulls him up an’ here he is. Didn’t think he was a person up close, to be honest.” Captain Rose glanced down again at the body. “Wasn’t sure what it was or if it was even real, he’s so wet and fucked up. We called the police anyway. I don’t want no trouble, y’know?” Despite the Captain’s reluctance to even look at the body, John got the impression this story would be told in pubs for years to come.
"Sit tight, mate. I'll get my bag and get you squared away."
He lay back on the soft cushions and pulled the blanket up to his waist, staring at the shadows on the black and ivory wallpaper.
They crossed a little stream rushing over some rocks and it was here that they broke off into smaller groups. Sherlock wanted to go off on his own, but as long as he didn't end up with Seb he didn't care who he was partnered with. Violet asked him if like to pair up and he accepted immediately. They ignored the attendants and dogs and trotted off alone along a path that lead up a ridge bristling with young green pine trees.
"I'd give you this if I could." He said, nudging his bowl.
the man would consent to one more thing as soon as John screwed up the courage to ask.
“Uh….Anthea.”
“Yes.”
"Sure." Sherlock said.
"Son of a bitch, that's too bad!" John said, forcing a too-loud laugh.
Greg hummed. “Enough about politics. I have the best girl in the world in bed and here I’m prattling about armies.”
that person anymore. This was nothing like that. He’d been upset and he’d gone too far but Sherlock didn’t need emergency care. He swore at himself. He loved Sherlock. He loved this mad submissive genius and he might have messed everything up with tonight. He hadn’t moved in yet, though the date was nigh. If Sherlock didn’t want him anymore after tonight, he would have to live with that. It would hurt like hell and it would be all his fault.
Jim did. John bit his own forearm to stop himself from screaming. He grunted, hoarse and raw into his skin as Jim pulled back and shoved forward. It felt like he was being split in half. He was grateful for the medicine he took but it did little to mitigate Jim’s anger. He fucked John hard into the floor, slamming him fast. Jim’s fingers dug into his hip and thigh, holding him in place. Jim grunted and groaned and John wanted to vomit when he spilled deep inside his body.
“Keep going.” John prompted.
"What are you doing?"
Sherlock bit back a smile. “Relax. I’m not  Jim and neither is my brother."
“I think that’s best.” Sherlock said, clearing his throat and picking up where he left off on his laptop. John took up his empty mug, feeling a pang at Sherlock’s abrupt dismissal.
“Why not?” John looked down at the faded plaid.
“Can I see?” Mike slid over on the sofa, expecting the detective to sit beside him. Instead Sherlock armed his way out of his suit jacket, flung it at the bison head (where it hooked on a horn) and yanked his sleeve back. “See?” He held up his bare arm and plastered a fake smile on his face. The scrape was just a faint red patch on his skin that would fade in time. Sherlock flexed his arm up and down to prove his elbow’s mobility. “Perfect, wonderful, just like new.” He started to pace into the kitchen again—
“You can’t snap out of wanting to sub.” Sherlock told him. “Believe me. Cocaine doesn’t do it, and neither will sitting here in the dark.”
Blair squeezed his hand.
“Here.” John sliced a few bits of sausage and held the full fork out. Sherlock delicately pulled the food off and chewed it and John rubbed his fingers through his hair. Sherlock hummed in pleasure. John gave him some beans, then the toast. He shoveled some more into his own mouth and then made another bite for his sub. “Have some coffee, love.” John held the cup steady towards him and Sherlock sipped.
“Maybe.” Sherlock gave him a
Handcuffs jangled and Lestrade pulled one open.
all the way down the other side, delighting in the little shrieking squeal sound Sherlock made into his elbow. He rubbed the leather tip over his balls and his hips jerked in surprise.
“Go on.” He prompted, his patience running thin. Enough rambling. Get to the crux.
"Ah-ah, oh...
Lestrade’s phone rang. He used the car’s Bluetooth to answer.
"How long have you been here?" He asked.
He went to the bedroom to change out of his dressing gown and into dark trousers and a suit coat, throwing his Belstaff on. A car pulled up outside and the horn blared twice and Sherlock swept out the door into the late grey day.
“—Emotional.” Sherlock sneered. “Doms go into Defense if they feel threatened. Like territorial animals. It has nothing to do with their so-called bonds with their subs.”
“I won’t ask you again to get up. Will you please tidy the place up a bit?”
They take a big step in their relationship and more case information comes to light.
Sherlock nodded. His shoulders shuddered with tears.
John smiled his special little smile that Sherlock knew meant ‘danger’. He had seen flashes of it at Coel’s when John was in Defense. For a single second, Sherlock almost felt bad for Seb. Almost. Then he remembered what Seb would do to him. How he called him names and made him feel worthless. He stepped back as John roared and punched the man hard across the face.
Sherlock thought.
A nod.
“Mmph.” Sherlock twisted away from the cords. He needed more time to recover between blows. Those little knots really caught in the skin.
John had given out countless spankings with this paddle and had endured a few himself. He wasn’t going to make Sherlock cry though—only a few swats would make even the most stubborn sub respectful and sorry. This was only a taste.
Wet thuds and slaps popped behind him and Sherlock took a deep breath, willed his legs to work, tried to stand, and then promptly slipped down the table and collapsed on the area rug. John picked Logan up off the floor and then threw him back-first into the hardwood. Sherlock stared in surprise. Logan was at least six inches taller than John—and fairly muscular too. His forehead was scraped up and his nose mangled from meeting the table. John’s face was twisted and almost frightening as he methodically and brutally took Logan down. The chef swung a fist, trying to fight back, but John caught his hand and wrenched it, easily breaking his wrist in a crunch of bone. Logan howled.
John grinned. He was exactly right, but he was hardly going to give him the satisfaction.
“Two tours in Afghanistan, med school, and years spent as a full-time emergency doctor?” He patted his hip. “I think I can handle
“No.” He said quietly.
“I have a phone call for you.”
“Um,” John glanced at Lestrade, looking for permission.
They both shared a laugh and Mrs. Hudson watched him disappear up the steps.
Ian simply read off an address. John slammed it into the car’s GPS and Greg hit the gas pedal.
“Oh relax, I’m not high.” Sherlock muttered, his neck flushing and his bum twinging.
“I’m afraid I can’t say. You’ll find out soon though. John.” She sounded amused and he looked out the window, stealing himself. It was exciting, in a giddy, odd, dangerous way. The man on the phone had mentioned Sherlock, so he wasn’t too freaked out….though given Sherlock’s line of work, he could have some seriously unsavory people in his past who would like nothing more than kidnap the detective’s dom. He wished he had the gun.
They took a cab to Whistler’s and split up. Sherlock told him which routes to take (John had to jot notes in his phone, much to Sherlock’s amused annoyance).
to go to work. He wanted to stay home and pamper his genius spoiled sub all day long.
Callum took it and examined the card.
"Okay." John nodded again and scraped his bowl clean of porridge, getting a mental list in order.
“I’m so happy for you both.” Betsy beamed and Sherlock ducked away, blushing.
The info on Flunitrazepam and dosages was found on wikipedia. Some of it could be inaccurate.
“How is everything tasting?” He asked Sherlock. He ignored John completely.
“John.” He looked into his dom’s eyes. “I really need you to not tell me what to do anymore today.”
Sherlock, still at the table, picked a bit of wood off the arrow head with a pair of metal tweezers and pushed it under his magnifier. There wasn't much he could tell without breaking the compounds down further and he didn't have the materials he needed to do so. He'd not packed accordingly for an assassination attempt. He looked at the sleeping figure on the bed, curled into a ball under the fine blankets.
Sherlock crossed his arms moodily.
“I need your help. Now.”
, went the quill. She eyed his shoulder and to his relief, said nothing. "You seem pretty clean and healthy. Have all your teeth.”
Sherlock nodded furiously and closed the laptop lid, coming to John and hugging him, hunching and managing to bury his face in his neck.
"A  few tender spots." Sherlock said mildly. "The worst is on my ribs and back."
“No.” John mumbled. “Not yet. Do you have any idea where he could have gone? You’ve known him longer than I have.”
"Pardon?"
“Of course.” John put the glass down and grabbed the cuffs. He strolled over to his kneeling sub and stood over him. His cock was hard and jutting out from his body and Sherlock’s was pretty interested too now. John grinned down at him.
The car pulled up to a posh white building and Anthea popped the door open the moment the car pulled up to the curb. “Come, John.” She didn’t look up from her phone as the doctor got out and followed her inside. A gold plaque beside the doors read ‘Diogenes Club.’ Whatever that was. She lead him down some long silent halls before depositing him in a comfortably furnished office. John looked at the dark wood desk and the large portrait of the Queen on the wall.
"Alright?" John asked.
For an hour John licked and sucked and teased and nibbled and kissed every inch of Sherlock’s naked body. He knew how to nibble his nipples
“Speak, Lestrade.” Sherlock commanded.
Molly's yes widened. "You didn't hear? I suppose not, you've been in the herana all day."
“Red for stop. Yellow for slow down. Green is continue.”
She shrugged. “Nothing pressing.”
“Tomorrow?” John squeezed his hand. “I want to talk to you about rules and discipline,” he grinned, “but my head feels like something the cat dragged in.”
"You can say no." Sherlock clarified. "That's why I asked. Only a kiss. If you’d like."
“God, yes.”
A nod.
“You lot never do.” Sherlock murmured, staring gleefully down at the body. John cleared his throat pointedly and caught his sub’s eye with one brow raised. He didn’t like this, not one bit. The first victim that looked like Sherlock was bad enough, but two? Serial killer or not, two men had been killed and both looked a lot like Sherlock.
The crop went back up his spine, touching each vertebrae. Sherlock shivered when John paused on his cervical spine. The doctor chuckled in his throat and lifted the crop off, kissing that spot on his neck. Again the crop traveled down, over a buttock and across his thigh, tickling him behind the knee before swooping back up again and grazing down his other leg. Sherlock’s cock was completely hard now, the head glistening and chilled in the air. He was practically panting under John’s hands and his breath caught in his throat when his dom leaned towards his ear.
“Well I’m certainly not his friend. You’ve met him. How many friends do you think he has?”
“No. This is a waste of time, John!”
Greg dropped his voice lower. “And you know this…?”
Sherlock gave him the cup. John sipped and hummed in pleasure.
He glanced up at the window, not seeing a swishing curtain. He entered with his key and went up the steps, pausing on the landing. No odd smells. No flurry of movement. He opened the door, surprised that Sherlock hadn’t locked it once he realized who was coming, and stood in the doorway. The curtains were closed. The shades in the kitchen were drawn. The telly was off and the fireplace was unlit. The flat was as dark as it could be in midday and there was his brother, in pajamas and a dressing gown, laying sprawled on the carpet as if he had passed out in a faint.
The cab ride was uneventful and no one at all paid any attention to Sherlock’s tied wrists, hidden in the night shadows. He was flopped back on the cab seat, his hands loose in his lap and his knees spread and touching John’s leg. He fidgeted now and then and John knew it was because of his paddled bum.
“Did you get my envelope?” He smirked.
“Dinner?” Sherlock made a face.
John stared up at the heavens and took a deep breath. They were drawing a bloody crowd. “Okay,” he said in a low voice, “here’s what we’ll do. You can take that back to Baker Street,”
Greg and Sally giggled some more and Greg wiped his eyes. "Fuck that was good."
Both men slept in the next morning. The important parts of the case were finished and all that was left was some paperwork that Scotland Yard could deal with. John didn’t have work, and he dragged himself awake at ten am long enough to dash off a text to his therapist, Ella.
TGG transcript courtesy of http://arianedevere.livejournal.com/46716.html
“No, I’ll wash you now.” John reached for the bar—
“Logan, I won’t hurt him.”
“—it feels fine.” John cleared his throat. His cock was supremely interested in being so close to naked Sherlock and most rational thought was gone.
“Fine.” John clenched his fist. “Just trying to be friendly. It can be rough, I know, getting out of
Lestrade came up to them. “I’ll need statements.” He said stiffly.
“Good. You’ve seen my technique—you know how I work. You might actually be of use.”
“—don’t say I’m being unreasonable! I’m not. I’m being perfectly logical. If anything, you’re a target. You’re working
Sherlock blinked. “Your coworker? Dark hair—engaged to Alicia?”
“Excellent, love.”
“Well then.” John pulled off his Tshirt. He kicked off his pajama bottoms and Sherlock grabbed his arm and pulled him towards the mattress. “I’m coming, I’m coming.” John tugged off his pants and tossed them over his shoulder, then knelt on the bed and looked down at him.
They looked at each other and John looked for all the world like he expected Sherlock to rescind his move in offer.
“Wait—where?!”
Sherlock?
Sherlock hit the ‘print’ button on the Google search and the printer groaned to life, reluctantly spitting out the image. Sherlock grabbed the photo and his coat. “John! I’m going out!”
“Yes.” John said after a moment.
Eventually, he heard stirring from the bedroom. He looked at the clock. Nearly two hours had passed. John appeared out of the loo in the hallway, rubbing his eyes. He glanced up and saw Sherlock on the sofa and smiled slightly, then turned into the kitchen and flipped the kettle on. Sherlock listened to him make tea, then retreat back to the bedroom. He must be really tired. He put the computer aside and stood up, heading after him. He wanted to be near his dom.
They hung up. Not too bad. Sherlock tossed the phone aside and went to have a shower.
"No, you won't." Mycroft said, his face hard and unsympathetic.
"Man and woman."
…” He lay there panting and grinning and John rubbed the lacey edge of the glove up the underside of his cock. Again he swore and jerked up. John countered the sensation with the silk and Sherlock moaned. He teased him with the tip of a silky finger, rubbing the glans softly and using his lacey thumb to rub the base of his cock.
“Um, yes?”
“M’sorry.” John mumbled. He wasn’t sure why he was apologizing. For grabbing Sherlock in a blind panic or for waking him up in the first place or for even having the nightmare at all.
“Am I ever?” Sherlock grinned.
Sherlock was quiet, remembering the conversation they had about him penetrating his dom…
Sherlock made a sort of noncommittal noise.
“Prison. He admitted easily to killing the subs, but he was trying to convince us that what he was doing was correct. He’s completely sure that he was doing the right thing by killing them. With yours and Michael Jenkins’ testimonies, plus this other information we have, he’ll go to prison for a long time. The other victims we found, the body parts…” Greg shrugged. “Logan had to get rid of the bodies somehow. With Jazz he had no idea what he was doing and figured the binmen would pick up the trash and no one would be any wiser. Owen he killed and dumped in the river. We raided his house and found a list of potential targets.” Greg tossed the cap down.
They stared each other in the eye. John nodded and exited the car. He slammed the door and it slipped into the traffic. He shivered in the store’s neon glow and went inside.
He looked up at the wall at the meager, yet thorough, notes and sipped his tea. His phone chimed on the pile of papers beside him. He grabbed it, thumbing open the message:
John jogged to catch up with his sub. “Be good.” He said in a low tone. “You’re toeing the line a bit, love.”
Lestrade stared at him. “Okay.” He sat down. “Good. It’s just—”
John perked up. “Sure, if he wants to.”
“These ropes around your arms? Around your cock? You’ll be entirely at my mercy and all mine.”
Logan’s cheekbone crumbled under John’s knuckles and he shouted out in pain.
He did, tossing everything onto the chair. John turned his sub so his back was to the wall. He then got carefully down to his knees and grabbed Sherlock’s hips, easing his mouth over his cock.
John put his bag aside and went to wash his hands, a small smile hovering on his lips. He frowned at the slices of liver laid out on the last uncontaminated cutting board they had. The salt shaker had also been commandeered in the name of science, and it was filled with liver….bits. The place stunk of iron. John wouldn’t have it any other way. He wanted to eat something small and then check Sherlock’s bum before they went…
Sherlock flung the letter into the fire. "Not here on holiday!" He snarled. "I'm here to be
Sherlock’s pacing slowed and he froze.
"Of course." Sherlock said, affronted. "It's not every case we get a token. Hang it on the tree."
“Excellent choices. I’ll ring you up at the front. Would you like to wear them out?”
"Is he okay?"
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He was hunched in shame, looking at the floor. He hated this! He had made a dumb mistake and everybody knew about it and now John was angry and he hated John shouting at him and he hated that he was deprived clothing while John was fully covered. This wasn’t at all like the fun, sexy scolding John indulged him with earlier today in the school scene or weeks ago at his bedsit when he packed that suitcase. This was real and awful and his dom wasn’t done.
“The ‘page two of two’ of that printed?”
“Exactly, I always said that I was not gay, and I’m not.” John constantly strived to be as honest as possible and for him, sometimes that meant answering questions in such a way that while true, it wasn’t the whole truth. He looked up to see that Sherlock had abandoned any pretence of eating his sandwich and instead was staring at him with his fingers steepled together.
Work.” John found himself raising his head as Sherlock spoke, it was true, he knew the genius held him in very high esteem and valued his friendship. He showed him in numerous small ways all the time. But John had been certain that there was nothing more to it than that.
“When that happens, I hold my gun… because when I have a gun in my hand, I need to be focused. I need to know that the person I’m pointing it at is the right person. I need to be able to hear what my instincts are telling me. Otherwise I could move too slowly, miss a shot and you or someone else could be hurt. Using a gun is about discipline, if you can’t summon that discipline at will then you have no business even touching a firearm.” John was staring at the gun, staring through it, remembering faraway deserts under a blazing sun.
“If I was that strong then I should have reported him straight away, who knows how many lads I could have saved the same pain if I hadn’t been such a bloody coward!” The doctor shook his head angrily, he didn’t want to be told he was brave, that he’d endured. In short, he didn’t want to be thought of as a survivor of abuse.
“What do you mean? Of course it is! This is a top quality wool blend and you just can’t get this sort of cut off the rack. You could run around all day in this without a problem because it’s so comfortable and well fitting.” Sherlock turned John back to the mirror, as if he couldn’t possibly have looked properly the first time.
“Lookie what we have here!” John called in a singsong voice, pulling out the tablet just as Sherlock found them again. He was flanked by a couple of uniformed officers that Mycroft had probably sent along. The doctor handed the tablet to the detective before getting to his feet and wincing with a grunt as he felt a stabbing pain in his chest.
They arrived at the second crime scene not long later, they had briefly detoured to Baker Street for John to grab his gun, its familiar presence tucked into the waistband of his jeans was a huge comfort. They were ushered into a small RNIB charity shop tucked away in Southwark; the Inspector was stood at the threshold of a doorway that led off the shop floor.
Trigger Warnings:
Sherlock was quiet too as he absorbed this new information. Most people that he’d met in his life had needed almost constant praise and reassurance in whatever they did. John was a rare exception; he was very forthcoming with his own compliments but didn’t seem to require much back. Whenever someone did praise the doctor, he was always pleased but very modest about it. These personality traits made perfect sense now he had the appropriate context.
“Hang on, hang on! I know you’re excited and I’m glad about that but I haven’t finished yet.” The doctor managed to prise himself out of Sherlock’s grip but he was smiling. “This doesn’t mean the last two years didn’t happen, things can’t go back to how it was before, not exactly at any rate.” Sherlock scowled petulantly at his friend as he spoke.
He thought as his stomach growled in agreement.
“Oh God love her!”
“Nice of you to join me again, Mr Holmes.” Dr Chen came into Sherlock’s vision from behind, the machine floor was dimly lit with maintenance lights. Even being concussed couldn’t stop the deductions.
The two of them went into the bedroom next, it was dark in there. The blinds on the window were closed so not much natural light was getting in. The bed was large, at least queen sized, though the evidence suggested that only one side was ever slept in. On top of the duvet was a high-end laptop which Sherlock picked up immediately.
“Yes, Mummy is absolutely smitten with you.” They were both on the good side of buzzed, not having drunk enough to completely lose their inhibitions. “You were right, they didn’t care about what you were wearing in the slightest. I’m sorry for everything, I just wanted you all to get along so badly that I lost sight of what was important.” Sherlock pressed a gentle kiss against John’s temple and felt John give him an answering squeeze.
“Then I was getting back into the world of work with the UCH and then the Met, my attention was on doing a good job rather than looking for potential partners. Now, as I’ve said before, I don’t have time to date. Any free time I do get I’d rather use it to relax than going on the pull.” The doctor hoped that had satisfied his flatmate’s insatiable curiosity.
“I can’t trust anyone! Even four years afterwards he’s still always in my head. How can I even think of opening up to anyone again when the same lips that told me I was special then laughed and called me useless when he was tired of me?” Bartley fisted his hair tightly with his free hand in anguish. “And believe me, I tried! I tried to forget! I tried to move on!”
By now it was Saturday afternoon, so the most logical place to find Jonathan Price would be at his home address. Sherlock decided against filling in the local police on his findings, lest they scare his suspect off before he got a chance to speak to him. The detective thanked them for their indulgence and hopped into a taxi.
“I’m a chemist and cooking is simply applied chemistry.” Sherlock explained as he turned the stove off, taking the wok and portioning the contents between the two plates. He put the pan down and opened the fridge to pull out a carton of fresh juice. “I would have preferred for us to have had wine with this but you are still on painkillers so apple juice it is.” The detective shook it and poured them both a glass.
“Looks like my stomach would overrule me even if I wanted to say no, which I don’t… and you better not be planning to make me eat on my own either.” John threatened and Sherlock feigned a reluctant acceptance, hiding a grin in his scarf as he followed John into the lift. This. This is what he’d been missing.
“So, you reckon Arnold Teller was up to no good with the firm and his missus knew something about it but did nothing?” Lestrade asked pertinently and the detective hummed an affirmative noise. “But if that’s true then why punish Madison and not the husband?”
The ex-soldier hadn’t minded which option it was, as long as he was allowed to continue basking in the brilliance of the most amazing person he’d ever met. The fact Sherlock considered him his friend was more than enough; John would have done anything to stay close to him, anything to protect him. Still would, in fact.
“Yes. I did say that… and I meant it when I said it. But things have changed since that night. I refuse to believe that you don’t know how much I care about you. You’re my best friend, I’d die for you, I’d kill for you, it’s no longer my Work, it’s
“Look, Mr Manning, I know you don’t want to believe any of your employees are dishonest but the fastest way to prove that is to let my colleague and I see the books. A list of the charitable events you’ve organised for the RNIB and an explanation how these are accounted for in the system would also be very helpful.” Sherlock could be charming when he wanted to be, which was usually only when he was trying to get something out of someone.
“John.” Sherlock replied in the same tone, the doctor noted his hair was messier than usual, he guessed that Sherlock had been running his hand through it in his worry.
“Thank you for telling me, I know that was hard for you. I’m sorry something like that ever happened to you and that you felt it was something you had to keep a secret from people.” Sherlock spoke after a moment or two. “… Your strength of character continues to astonish me.” John snorted heatedly.
John was brought out of his musing by his phone ringing, he pulled it out of his pocket and frowned at seeing it was Mycroft.
“Major Deakins, forgive me, but I’m going to be blunt. We have reason to believe that Callahan has continually abused the position of trust that he held in regards to the recruits by initiating improper relationships with a select few.” Sherlock watched the soldier for a beat before he continued. “I shall take the fact you just grit your teeth to mean that these accusations don’t come as a complete surprise to you.”
“Fine, don’t tell me. It’s past midnight, I’m tired and I’m going to bed. Take painkillers if your head is sore. Goodnight.” John stated, getting to the threshold of the door by the time Sherlock decided to speak, his voice even and cold.
“No, of course not.” Sherlock answered, trying to work out what John wanted to show him. He’d got that just apologising wasn’t working even before this demonstration, what he didn’t know was what was actually required. At a loss and wanting to break the silence, Sherlock blurted out his next thought.
is ever done about it!” The doctor seethed, standing back up and running a hand through his brown hair that was greying noticeably at the temples.
John had gone almost stir crazy from being stuck in the flat for the last month and a half, so when Mycroft had offered them the use of a cabin near Rydal Water for a week they’d jumped at the chance for a change of scenery. The doctor was mostly rehabilitated, sometimes he still winced if he laughed too hard or got particularly breathless
“I’m going to head out and update the Yard and everyone with what we know, you gonna be alright here?” Greg’s hand was on the detective’s shoulder again, giving it a reassuring squeeze. Sherlock just nodded in answer, approaching the bed to stand beside it. The DI was reluctant to leave Sherlock like that but he eventually walked away.
But that thought felt wrong immediately, he sensed nothing but sincerity in Sherlock’s words.
Ten minutes later and Sherlock Holmes was more than a little stunned at the results.
“Yes, I would have never guessed that he was Scottish, there’s absolutely no trace of the accent anywhere.” Violet added, she had her hand over the doctor’s where they rested on the table between them.
“Well, it’s just a good job I happened to notice the couch had been moved.” The doctor grimaced as he flexed his left hand, the scuffle not doing his injury any favours. “Right, back to the day job.” John went back to the corpse to resume his examination.
When the taxi arrived, the pair of them were met out the front by the proprietor, an elderly woman who ran this small boarding house with her husband. She showed them to their room, handed over the keys and informed them at what time breakfast was served before she left them.
“No, Morgan, please! Neither of us blame you for the abuse you’ve suffered, no right-minded person would.” The Inspector pleaded with him, desperate to prevent any further tragedy. “We can talk about what happened. Your side of the story will count in your defence. Please, you can trust us.”
“Good evening, Mr Coulter, would you mind naming the planets in the solar system for me?” The doctor asked, the patient blinked at him slowly in confusion. “Come on, I’ll even start you off. There’s Mercury, what’s next after that?”
“Do you think if I promised to stay on the couch and not move, they’d let me out early?” The doctor asked as he blew on his tea and took a sip with a noise of satisfaction. Sherlock had pulled up his chair, sinking into it and pulling out his phone to check his emails.
As Sherlock finished reviewing that particular memory he was struck with a realisation. While John may have got better at trusting people to take care of him physically when he needed it, that didn’t apply to emotional injuries. The doctor
“I’m better at the clarinet from a purely technical standpoint, but I like the flute more. God, I haven’t played since before I left home for university.” John adjusted the case as Sherlock flagged down a passing cab. “Can we detour back to the flat so I can drop this off before we head for Falcon’s place?” The detective signalled his agreement by directing the taxi driver to Baker Street before settling back in his seat.
“Ah, good, you’re ok, thank god! I must apologise, John, it seems my flair for a dramatic entrance gave you quite a shock and you fainted briefly. Though the fact you’ve not eaten since a ham and cheese sandwich from the hospital canteen at lunch probably didn’t help much.” Sherlock watched John’s face carefully as a multitude of emotions flashed back and forth in John’s eyes before the doctor scrambled away from the detective, getting to his feet and backing himself into a corner of the kitchen.
“It’s only because it’s new, I’m sure if you wore it around for a bit then you’d get used to it and be less nervous and conscious of what it cost.” Sherlock remembered saying something similar when he realised John had never worn some of the gifts he’d bought him. John gave him a small resigned smile, taking his partner’s hand in both of his and squeezing it.
Sherlock put his phone in his pocket and checked his watch, the car would be here in ten minutes. He didn’t have enough time to go looking for his wayward lover, he stomped down the stairs as he imagined Mycroft’s smug condescension when his younger brother turned up alone. Sherlock started coming up with believable excuses for John’s absence as he grabbed his coat and left the flat to wait on the pavement.
“But now they’ve passed away, you’re no longer getting Carer’s Allowance for looking after them. Plus any grants you’ve been getting from charities would have stopped too, I’d imagine. So instead of looking for an honest job, you’ve come up with a frankly ludicrous scheme to extort people for money by kidnapping their loved ones and storing them in the cellar of your own house, you idiotic prat!” John was watching as the man tensed up incrementally with every word he said.
“Dr Watson cashed in on a lot of the good will that you both had built up to get the help he needed. Army contacts that owed him a favour, past grateful clients, he contacted anyone and everyone that he thought might be able to help him… Everyone except me that is.” Mycroft was glaring into his glass with a complex expression.
“You’re not wrong! Not wrong at all.” John grinned with another laugh as he put the shopping away. Thankfully the flat was beginning to warm up nicely, the basement got cold but the renovations had improved the insulation so it didn’t take too long to heat through. “What sort of tea would you like? I’ve got PG Tips, Earl Grey or even some chamomile in.” He’d put the electric kettle on to boil and turned to his guest.
Sherlock glanced up sharply at the sound of a half-strangled shriek followed by a thump, it sounded like John had had a nightmare. The bump was the ex-soldier sliding out of his bed to sit on the floor, something he tended to do after his night terrors. Then the detective heard another quiet noise.
“Dr Watson is an indispensable part of what I do, so it would be rather nice if the press and the media didn’t refer to him as an afterthought all the time. My success rates would invariably be lower without him, if only for the simple reason he saves my life on a regular basis so I can keep on solving crimes.” John bit the inside of his cheek in the hopes of preventing a blush from flooding his face, he wasn’t used to being the centre of attention like this.
“Christ, I wasn’t talking about this though.” John pulled away from Sherlock and the detective let him go without a word. The doctor picked up his abandoned tea and knocked it back in one, going to the sink and washing it up. If he was going to discuss this, he couldn’t look his best friend in the eye as he did so.
“What was all that about?” The doctor asked in confusion once he was back alongside the detective. He could still feel that his cheeks were a little warm. He spotted a café and grabbed hold of Sherlock’s arm with one hand and pointed with the other. “Let’s go there, I’m starving!”
“Are you planning on blogging about the Braille murders? It’s been a few days now, I thought you’d be itching to write up our first really interesting case since I got back.” Sherlock’s voice was gravelly with sleep as he grabbed John’s second slice of toast before he could spread jam on it.
“Probably low blood sugar. Eat these while I take the other one to the nurses’ station.” The detective dropped the tupperware box on John’s lap, whirling on his heels and striding over to the ward desks. The sounds of delighted surprise floated back over to him as the doctor opened his tub and pulled out one of the pastries, biting into it as Sherlock rejoined him.
Ethanol. That was what Sherlock could smell on the murder weapon and the victim’s bindings. It was a scent the detective was very familiar with, living with a doctor as he did. A quick browse of the RNIB’s website where they thanked their most generous patrons revealed five doctors in the right areas of London. Pancuronium bromide is often used by anaesthesiologists on patients undergoing surgery, which narrowed the suspect list down to just one.
“No, maybe for a honeymoon but not for an average holiday. There’s plenty of ways to get away without it costing an arm and a leg.” He didn’t mention that the first time he’d travelled outside the British Isles had been with the Army either. John checked the time on his watch. His appointment was ten minutes ago, maybe he could head home soon.
John went back to unpacking in silence, aware that Sherlock hadn’t moved but otherwise ignoring him as he put his books on the shelf. John jumped as he was embraced from behind, lean arms wrapping tightly around his shoulders and upper torso.
“Would you stop scowling already? I had a shower! It’s not like I climbed on the roof to replace the tiles.” John was sitting in his chair in his dressing gown, his hair still slightly damp while Sherlock silently seethed at the kitchen table, looking at slides on his microscope.
“I had a lot of trouble with sleeping a while back, so I went to see someone and they prescribed me a few months’ worth of lorazepam. But I was worried about becoming dependant on them so I didn’t take them in the end and my insomnia resolved on its own.” John was still unpacking his box as he spoke, not looking up at Sherlock as he did so, praying that he’d take the hint and drop the topic.
John wasn’t the head of the A&E Department, not by a long shot, but at times of high stress like this, he became the de-facto leader by unspoken agreement. Assessing the situation and prioritising those who can benefit the most from his intervention was as instinctual to him as breathing. The doctor knew he couldn’t save everyone, he didn’t like it much, but he’d rather make those difficult calls than spread himself too thin and save no one.
“Why don’t you use the money to set up a charitable trust? That way you can support good causes while growing the fund through strategic investments. You’d be able to help more people and charities than a one-off donation that way.” Sherlock suggested as he slowly undid John’s shirt buttons.
“Once we’d dismantled that one, it was only a small outpost, we gained more intelligence that then had to be analysed. Things we already knew were pointing to Russia where Moriarty had left a much more substantial footprint. These were much more cautious operatives, I had to go into deep cover for weeks just to get a foot in the door. It was draining, having to maintain the façade constantly and not let it drop.” The tone of voice would have told John that, without it being explicitly stated, exhaustion radiating from Sherlock as he recalled that time.
“What do you think, Sherlock? Some sort of message? Is it morse code?” Lestrade asked as the detective came over and stood behind John who was leaning down to look at the body.
John hoped they would close down the backstreet clinics and charge the dodgy surgeons. They weren’t actually doctors a lot of the time, having had their licenses to practice revoked for one reason or another. There was also an education campaign being launched, aimed at those on the donor transplant lists and their families, explaining the risks inherent in buying an organ off the black market to hopefully cut off the demand at the source.
“Ah, there you are. Not got much information to go on really. The body is a man, approximate age late forties to early fifties. Unknown name as I doubt Daniel Craig is so down on his luck as to need a hook up in this part of the city.” Lestrade led the pair of them through a corridor, it looked like the room in question was on the ground floor.
“Because London needs Sherlock Holmes… and so do I. So, let me do the one thing I’m better at than you…” John tossed the keys to Sherlock, opening the door to their room. At Sherlock’s questioning look, he continued. “Taking care of the world’s only consulting detective... You go check Price’s alibi, I’m gonna look at the cliffs and where the body was found. I know it’s dark but I’ve got a torch.”
“We’ve got a meeting with a Major Deakins. Officially it’s to discuss Callahan’s murder but I’m thinking we can use it to get more information to base our grooming accusations on.” Lestrade continued as Sherlock grabbed the file and flipped it open. “We were also able to spot a young man on the CCTV who was seen twice in the right area wearing different clothes. There’s a screen capture of him in there too so we can show the Major.”
The car pulled up to an apartment block that was on a good public transport line for commuting, either into London or the other way towards Sandhurst. Greg parked up and found the building manager, showing his badge and asking to be let into Callahan’s flat.
“I can believe it. He’s told me some of the things he got up to with his mates when they were off duty or on leave. No one can party like soldiers.” Greg smiled as he went back to looking for their suspect, not noticing the detective bristling besides him.
“Probably… Bloody vigilantes!” Lestrade spat out with an uncharacteristic venom. “I know the law’s not perfect! I know it feels like people get away with everything but it’s not true, we’re all doing our best! Except now we have to chase some sick fucker who has taken matters into his own hands.” Greg ran a frustrated hand through his hair, turning to leave the shop and get some air.
“Got something from all this?” The doctor’s blue eyes were lit up with anticipation, ready to watch the detective work his magic by bringing together all the threads that no one else could usually see.
“Exhausted but still able to hold his own in a philosophical debate with Mycroft, it was rather amusing to watch actually.” Sherlock tore open four of the sachets and poured them into his drink, grabbing a plastic stirrer to mix it in.
“I did a lot of indoor analyst work for the next couple of weeks while I recovered. The next area of focus was the Far East. There was a surprisingly large cell in Japan, it mostly focused on technological espionage. Keeping track of advancements and working out how to use them for their own illicit purposes. I was almost able to take the whole thing down from the confines of my tiny cardboard apartment.” Sherlock’s sneer at the memory of that cramped little flat made John giggle.
“He did, he moved into 221c, the basement flat.” The civil servant refilled his glass from a matching crystal decanter and poured some into a fresh one for his brother. “I gather he didn’t want Mrs Hudson to feel like she’d lost the both of you at the same time.” Sherlock took the glass and lent back in his chair with a concerned frown.
“PG Tips sounds g- is that a human skull?” Doyle stopped mid-sentence to point over to the other counter with a curious expression. John looked over to it with a huff of amusement.
Sherlock had been surprised how easy the shift from friends to partners had been for them, but thinking about it now, it really shouldn’t have been. They already had a firm foundation of trust and comfort to build up from, not much had really changed in their everyday lives. John made tea, Sherlock left body parts in the microwave, they bickered, they laughed, they bantered; just now with a much more tactile element added to the mix.
“Not only is that not a question that it’s appropriate to ask in public, it is also none of your business. Out of respect for you, I’ve never interrogated you about your past sexual history, I’d appreciate it if you could do the same for me.” John was using his Captain’s voice; it was so effective because it was seldom deployed. A fact not lost on Sherlock, judging by his slightly chastened expression.
:: UCH just called me in, there was a huge gas explosion and it’s all hands on deck. Don’t know when I’ll be back but I’ll try to keep you updated. – JW ::
6.	- Stands unchallenged. –
“How very interesting…” He murmured enigmatically to himself. John moved to his side and looked up at his friend’s face.
