Sherlock settles next to John, an arm thrown over his stomach where he trails his fingers through John’s come.
but it also lessens the pressure on John’s arms and that’s all the invitation he needs to wriggle free and knock Sherlock’s elbows outwards, bringing Sherlock’s face closer
But John’s advantage doesn’t last for long. Sherlock’s fingers slide down John’s ass, ghosting over his hole. John’s distraction allows him to shift backwards and sit up, pulling John’s hips close to his own in his lap. John forgets about proving a point and sets about undoing Sherlock’s straining shirt buttons instead as his hips roll his erection along Sherlock’s. Their kisses turn biting, teeth involved almost as much as tongue. John leaves Sherlock’s shirt on after he reaches the last button, moving to the placket of Sherlock’s trousers. The angle is awkward, leaving little room for his hand between their hips but then John has a delicious handful of Sherlock’s weeping hardness
“I’ve just gotten access to Greg’s medical records-”
“Exactly.”
“Have to present it to him slowly, like dipping your toes into a pool. Have to ask him when his desires are right at the surface, when he’s most likely to agree.”
“You feel amazing,” John tells him, picking up speed. “Brilliant, fantastic, so so so fucking
“Is he making you feel good?”
“Jesus, fucking more, give me more, I need...”
Sherlock’s eyes go wide, his breath coming in short gasps.
Over the next few weeks the pattern repeated - more conversations were had about what they would allow to happen, how they would like to broach the subject to Greg, if they would consider bringing Greg in as a third more often if the first time went well. Sherlock probed Greg in subtle ways to gauge his interest and, finding his results satisfying, they continued their planning. They talked until they had completely ironed out the details. They were as ready as they could be.
Sherlock’s tongue sweeps across his bottom lip as his eyes travel from John to Greg.
“Jesus, you are going to be the death of me”
“Alright, next. Assume the position,” Sherlock says cheekily.
for me”
So, they're ready to make a fantasy into a reality... but how will Greg react?
because Sherlock’s hand is working on the button of his jeans. John’s raises his hips, desperate, and a grin stretches across Sherlock’s face.
Sherlock’s voice, a weapon in its own right, is devastating when made huskier by arousal. His eyes dart over John, seemingly unable to decide what he wants to look at most.
Sherlock’s hand wraps around him and it only takes three strokes before John is seeing stars. His eyes clench so tight as his cock begins to pulse and spurt all over his stomach and Sherlock’s fingers.
“No, no hiding. I want to see your face, hear all the noises you’re making for me”
he is going to go mad.
“I’m so close,” he pants against John’s lips. “I need to,” Greg swallows thickly, clenching his eyes closed to try and focus on getting words out. “I want to come.”
“Oh, fucking
“That,” he says, licking his dry lips, “is an offer I cannot refuse.”
John glances up at Lestrade, whose face is is by now caught between utter bewilderment and restrained arousal. He looks back down to Sherlock.
“If there’s nothing obvious in the evidence you’ve got, I don’t mind trying out some options with you, if that would help.”
“I think I would.”
Sherlock’s next kiss seem trite. “Yes, John.”
“I want to fuck you,” Sherlock replies without delay. “Let me. I saw how much you want me to.”
“John, if you would just-”
Sherlock's legs shake with the effort of keeping himself up when all he wants to do is melt into the bed. His fingers clench tightly into the meat of his cheeks, determined to keep them parted so John can have his way. He practically drools into the duvet, his mouth unable to close due to the noises he makes.
talk? God, John, can you not see what state I’m in right now? You’re one to talk. Do something, I can’t handle any more goddamned teasing.”
enough of your bickering back and forth.”
Good.” In one swift move, Sherlock rolls them over so John is pressed into the mattress once more. “You’ll never not be able to feel me again.”
Sherlock is looking a bit dazed, his bottom lip caught between his teeth as his hips start hesitant, hitching movements against John’s leg. John uses his hold on Sherlock's hair to pull his mouth closer to his own, to breathe his next words across Sherlocks lips.
“Yeah, ‘oh’.” John grins and kisses him once more. “You can have your way with me but I do need to be able to, I don’t know, do things like work tomorrow and I can’t do that if I’m crippled in the morning.”
At first, Sherlock was relieved. That meant that while he had a potential card to play with the detective, he knew that Lestrade wouldn’t risk his livelihood on a potential scandal. But, if Sherlock was honest, he had found the detective inspector quite attractive, in return. But in the beginning he didn’t want to be a pity fuck, nor did he want to risk losing his avenue to cases, so he never brought the subject up again.
“Oh, Sherlock! I'm so sorry, I forgot you're having so much trouble getting around. I never should have left you here alone!” John gushed as he helped Sherlock sit up.
“Sherlock, why are we doing this now?” John asked uncertainly. “Not that I'm opposed, I just don't see why this is so crucial at this very moment?”
Then there was Bilbo Baggins. Charming fellow, obviously a main character, polite and mild mannered until ruffled. Much like John, honestly.
Sherlock jumped up, brushing the dirt and assorted greenery from his coat and took a good look around. The terrain was entirely unfamiliar, thick woods and wilderness were definitely not his realm.
“I wish to know where you've come from,” Elrond clarified, his smirk making it clear he found Sherlock's antics amusing.
“The dwarves. They are departing. Best if we don't lose them, it'll be hard to catch up.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Control your sentimental self, if you please.”
“Oh no, no we're not brothers,” John answered quickly, “Sherlock is my... friend. My best friend,” John smiled warmly at Sherlock over the girl's shoulder. There was a sparkle in his eye that Sherlock was glad to see had returned.
The doctor grumbled, blinking sleepily until he caught sight of Sherlock's face.
“Sherlock, I'm sure we will be fine. You said so yourself, she won't really hurt us,” John soothed. Sherlock gave him a sidelong glare in lieu of a response before stomping off across camp to sulk.
Honestly, what the hell? Sherlock rolled his eyes skyward. “Fucking woman,” he huffed under his breath. Obviously she thought this was hilarious.
“Ah, so I did. I would apologize for saying that, but I have no proof that I was wrong. Instead, I will offer my apologies that you took offense, though that is not my fault nor is it my problem.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Constant inconsistencies. She's clearly drunk, sleep deprived, or both. She doesn't even know what's going on.”
John swallowed, averting Sherlock's gaze. “Alright, then. Yes.”
here, chasing a murderer through the streets? Would rather spoil the mood, wouldn’t it?”
The day passes swiftly. Nine o’clock rolls around, and after the doctors and nurses have finished another battery of tests and checks, John once again finds himself sitting by Sherlock’s bedside. Sherlock is awake and alert, but unable to move much on account of his wound, so John makes sure he’s comfortable, fetching him drinks and pulling the blinds closed when the sky outside gets dark.
“I said CLEAR!”
But to do so would be to miss a spectacular view. Sherlock isn’t usually one to pause long enough to appreciate the natural aesthetics of the world. He doesn’t simply
John’s wills his fluttering heart to be calm. “What do you mean?”
High above their heads, the stars track lazily across the sky. An hour passes. Maybe two hours. Sherlock doesn’t know. His watch stopped working as soon as he entered the water, but the horizon is still dark and the sea still stretches forever around them, but it feels like they’ve been swimming for days already. John sticks close by his side, matches his lethargic pace stroke for stroke, but they both know he could be miles ahead by now. Sherlock’s stomach twists with a renewed sense of dread. With John’s excellent stamina, he might still have a chance, but not while he’s dragging dead weight behind him.
But Sherlock looked at him fondly. “I can think of nothing I’d find more satisfying than fulfilling your physical needs, along with everything else. It wouldn’t make me uncomfortable. If it did, would I still be doing the things I do for you when we’re outside?”
Experimentally, he places a hand over Sherlock's groin, looking up to gauge his reaction - if any - and finding nothing. At least, not in his expression. His manhood, however, seems immediately responsive to the attention. Probably starved for it, poor thing. John gently kneads the flesh through the fabric, feeling it grow even harder under his hand. It shouldn't affect him, but John is having a sympathetic reaction, his own cock growing rather thick in his jeans.
Sherlock let out a deep sigh. “Isn’t it obvious? I’m making a card.”
John’s cock was trapped between them, twitching insistently and leaving a patch of wet against their stomachs where the head was leaking tiny beads of pre-come. But Sherlock didn’t seem to mind it. His stomach muscles rolled in a wave, and John moaned into his mouth.
It didn’t make sense. Didn’t fit his character. John was not one to judge other people by such shallow criteria, least of all Sherlock himself. He had always been one of the most accepting and understanding people he’d ever had the good fortune to know.
“Yeah, it’s fine. Just… Ignore.”
“Worse still, my admittance to being incapable of sexual attraction in the first place made you feel as if you were somehow taking advantage of our friendship, of the naivety you assumed I must have about romantic interests and signs and signals and everything else that comes with being in love.”
“Give it here a sec,” he said, his eyes fixed on the game. John handed it over.
“Actually, I lied.” Caging him in between his slender, powerful arms, Sherlock drew close enough that his breath ghosted across his mouth. Their noses touched, and John’s heart hammered in his chest. His eyes fluttered closed.
!” he exclaims.
John shoots him a glare that could curdle milk, but can’t help his eye being drawn back to the monstrosity that sits waiting for them like the ferry to Hades. His stomach attempting a flip. “It's… enormous. The captain’s name isn’t Charon, is it? I spent my last Danake on the horses.”
The longer he swims, the brighter the eastern sky glows, and the scratchier his voice becomes. Soon he can barely make any noise with it at all. Despair claws at him, but he would rather exhaust himself swimming in circles than give up. His eyes scan in every direction, and in the light of the rising sun he spots a small, dark shape floating in the distance.
Nowadays, Sherlock couldn’t picture him living anywhere else.
The best way he could describe it was thus: The worse an onlooker would think of him inappropriately touching himself in their presence, the more he got off on it.
John looks up, his eyes brightening. “We have a laugh, don’t we?”
At least John is dressed more appropriately for the climate, wearing a thin, brightly-coloured t-shirt, Khaki shorts and open-toed sandals. He extracts a pair of stylish sunglasses from his pocket and slides them over his face. Sherlock doesn’t realise he’s staring until John grins up at him.
A final sputter of energy lifts his flaring nostrils out of the water for one last, desperate breath. Then he goes under.
John doesn’t let go of his hand as he leans back, his legs rising up until his toes peek out of the water. He must have kicked his shoes off at some point. Good idea; Sherlock follows suit. Free of their extra bulk, his feet float marginally higher, leaving his wet toes to chill in the night air.
He’s only half-joking. But the look on Sherlock’s face is worth it. He raises his palms as if staring into the eyes of an angry lion. “No splashing,” he promises.
“I rather think so,” Sherlock agreed. “You seemed to enjoy that quite a bit.”
“Are you sure? If you need more time…”
Sherlock’s words were a tickling heat against John’s neck. “We have to loosen the ropes first. Can’t do anything with my hands tied like this.”
“No problem,” John remarks. It’s the last thing either of them says for a long time, both conserving their energy for the long swim ahead.
He was in med-school at the time, and his mates there once dared him to spend ten minutes inside of one. He only lasted three before his mind began to turn on itself. In a panic, he begged to be let out, beating his fists on the metal walls, but the gits kept him in there while they had a good laugh at his expense. It was Mike Stamford who eventually unlocked the chamber and pulled him out, his face set with concern. He hadn’t been there, but must have been passing the room and heard the commotion coming from inside.
Soon John was like jelly in his hands, shaking with pleasure, and he thought that Sherlock meant to get him off like this, held up against the wall. Gasping, he mouthed at Sherlock’s skin; a light scrape of teeth, before sealing his lips and sucking red marks along his collarbone.
“Where are you putting them?”
Sherlock plucks a glossy brochure from the table and waves it between two fingers. “A luxury cruise ship: The MV Aurora.”
The engine roared to life, sending its vibrations through the chassis. It sunk into John’s bones and rattled his teeth. It was louder here than in the cabin, and a moment later, Sherlock began shifting his shoulders and hips in a serpentine movement. It forced John’s body to rock right along with him.
John’s fought guys like this before; big men who get all cocky and confident as long as they’re hiding behind a weapon they barely know how to use. Just looking at his grip on that blade, John can tell he’s never had to seriously fight with it. Probably relies more on his size to intimidate and overpower his victims with sheer brute force. You couldn’t pin the word ‘finesse’ to this guy with a piece of paper and a thumb tack.
“Well what?”
His jaw clenches painfully. He’s locked in place, unable to breathe. Can’t even think. John is invisible in the water, lost to the darkness and being left behind at 22 knots per hour. Behind him, Mikhail’s voice cuts through the static in his ears.
Sherlock’s chest rumbles with dismal laughter. “That’s the most… ridiculous thing I’ve ever heard.”
“You’ll be alright for a while?”
Pulling out his phone, John manages to snap a photo as he circles around to the stairway, texting the image to Sherlock as he races down to the floor below. The lingering traces of his motion sickness are forgotten, pressed to the back of his mind by the urgency of stopping what’s about to happen. He’s at the bottom of the stairs when his phone pings with a reply.
Re-entering the living room, John can’t help but pity the sight of him. Sherlock’s frown is a portrait of misery, his hands cradling the tender area of his groin, which is tented and straining against the material of his trousers. His eyes meet John’s with the most imploring, puppy-dog expression he can manage.
, and that’s all it took to tip him over the edge. The air left him in a rush as his orgasm thundered through him. His cock shot milky ropes of ejaculate between them, coating Sherlock’s stomach above him, spilling over his hand and dripping down onto John’s skin. He might have cried out in pleasure, but he couldn’t hear it. His vision tunnelled out, every nerve sparked into life as wave after wave of bright, electric pleasure scrambled his brain and compelled every muscle in his body to clench, and clench, and
“Even if that’s true,” John said, “it wouldn’t… I’d need more. Christ, I want you in ways that you can’t… Whatever you feel for me, Sherlock, it’s not enough. It breaks my heart to say it, but it’s true. It’s not your fault. But I can’t help it.”
A laugh startles out of him. “What changes? Oh, I don’t know. Maybe me getting time to prepare myself, so I don’t end up thinking I’m going to bloody drown in a swimming pool?”
Sherlock wasn’t repulsed by it, but nevertheless he didn’t feel those things. It’s something he could even get bored of, perhaps. John tried to imagine it: Sherlock pinned under him much like this, naked and flaccid and looking supremely disinterested. And John would be sitting on him and jerking off into his face. The fantasy was surprisingly hot. Would he let John do that? Could he cum all over that beautiful, bored face, and then lean over and lick it off him while he remained passive? Would he pretend to be disgusted by it? The more obscene his fantasy spun, the harder it was getting him just thinking about it.
John can be keyed-in at the least convenient moments. To be fair to him, it can be wonderfully, dazzlingly useful at times, and Sherlock has come to rely on him more than he’d ever thought possible in the short time they've lived and worked together. Through his eyes, Sherlock’s beam of deductive prowess focuses down to a blinding edge that burn through the darkest of mysteries, and at the heights of their synergy it is truly a thing of beauty. John may not be the most observant man himself, but something about him excites a greater urge in Sherlock to prove his worth, something that no other person has motivated him to do. The analogy of a peacock spreading his tail feathers to impress a mate creeps into his mind like a weed, but again, it's a nonsense thought. He's not
“Sherlock… Do you love me?”
John,” he said, his voice soft and honest. John debated this internally.
Sherlock knew that asexuality was an uncommon orientation, often misunderstood. Most people didn’t even realise such a thing was possible, and those that did usually considered it a ‘condition’, the result of some medical abnormality, or impotence.
—” he gasped, but his words dissolved as Sherlock’s wet lips sealed over the head of his cock. His tongue slithered over the slit, licking away the salty liquid even as more started to emerge. John squeezed his eyes shut, trying in vain to catch the embarrassing noises he was making before they could escape his throat.
The truth, too painful to voice in the face of John’s trusting expression, catches in his throat. He swallows it back. “We’ll swim.”
Marseille? That’s days away. In fact, it’s their last stop before returning to Mahon. John sighs, dropping his phone to the bed. Well, that didn't take long, did it? True to form, Sherlock has already reverted to his usual brash self. How quickly his walls go back up, his attention refocused by the allure of the case. While it doesn’t seem that his earlier concern was disingenuous, he did grow bored of it awfully quickly. Caring, as it turns out, takes quite a bit of energy. Who knew?
John stares through the glass.
He's thankful that Sherlock spends most of his time at home with just a robe and pants to cover him. So that part, at least, is easy: he undoes the knot at the front of his dressing gown, and the silk material slides apart, revealing the smooth pale skin of his stomach and the gentle ridges of his abs.
Eventually, John took a steadying breath and started over. “What you do for me. What you let me do… It’s a bit more than… It’s not the sort of thing—” He gestures between them. “
Sitting across from him in his favourite chair, John frowns down at his soggy feet and says, “Are you running a bath? I think you left the taps on.”
“Told you you should have skipped breakfast,” Sherlock deadpans, being a solid wall of support at his back. John almost laughs between groans, too overloaded to truly care about the ridiculousness of their current position. When the spasms eventually taper off he straightens up, bleary-eyed and dazed. Ever one step ahead, Sherlock is ready with a tissue. “Trust me, you’ll get used to it.”
But the message is lost in translation. John recovers quickly, slipping smoothly back into what is no doubt a truly
Sitting back down beside him, John stretches his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders, hugging him closer. And whether he goes willingly, or simply doesn’t have the energy to resist, Sherlock tilts into him with a soft sigh. He lays his head on John’s shoulder, whispering miserably.
“You can’t be serious.”
It was a horrible, painful memory. All he could do was try to relive it, again and again, in an attempt to alter its meaning into something he chose. Something he wanted.
And then he’s plummeting through the dark. His heart climbs into his throat as gravity accelerates him. For a brief second, his dizzy mind imagines a voice shouting his name, before the impact of the water drowns out everything.
of an arsehole than usual.
John doesn’t notice at first. He’s been waiting, unwilling to leave the room for more than a minute in case Sherlock regained consciousness and found himself alone in an unfamiliar place. Sat on a chair by the door, he almost drops his book when a series of beeps shatters the room’s calm.
Sherlock’s narrow eyes peel themselves open, unfocused and dim. As soon as they recognise him, they fall shut again beneath a furrowed brow. His cracked lips part on an exhale. “You idiot,” he murmurs.
Sherlock had come up with the coat idea several weeks ago, and so far it was proving itself an invaluable tool for his secret wanking pursuits. It gave John many more varied opportunities to play with himself in plain sight, so long as he held the coat a certain way to cover his groin, and left Sherlock free to act more naturally in public, rather than always having to be in John’s space to shield him from wandering eyes. It was a little safer this way, which was a weight off both their minds.
“Hmm, that’s a tough one,” Greg mused. “I don’t think I’d say Anderson… or John. Didn’t catch a whiff of drink, which is suspicious, considering we’re all tankered. Trying to be sneaky, eh?” He grinned, lifting his chin confidently. “That was Sherlock, wasn’t it? Had to be.”
“I’m fine with kissing,” he interjected.
“I can’t think of any reason.”
An hour later, John reluctantly forces himself back onto his feet. Moping around in his room isn’t going to do any good. Bucking up his courage, he steps out into the hallway— and nearly trips over Sherlock, still sitting outside his door. John crosses his arms, glancing up and down the empty hall. “Shouldn’t you be somewhere else?”
Even though he never could stop finding Sherlock attractive in that way, he had always kept such thoughts under careful guard, considerate of his friend’s feelings. Never once did he let them dictate their interactions, no matter how enticing those ideas had occasionally been. That’s how it always was, and how it always was meant to be, because Sherlock didn’t want him like that. He didn’t need a lover; he needed a friend.
Heads turn at the spectacle of the drowned man and his tormentor as they paint the carpets a darker shade of blue. John has never felt so humiliated in his life.
, John thinks.
It seemed to go on for an embarrassingly long time.
But the way Sherlock was touching him, kissing him— there was a physical hunger there, too. Needy little noises spilled from both their throats, hearts pounding and lungs gasping for air. But even as he pressed close, their hips grinding together against the wall of his room, Sherlock remained modest and soft between his legs.
“But Sherlock, I am bloody angry. At myself, too. Maybe even moreso. I just… I hate being brought low by something so pathetic. This isn’t a game to me, and I don’t appreciate you turning it into one.”
And waited.
A week later, John is returning from Tesco, arms full of shopping bags. As he’s climbing the 17 stairs to 221B, he hears a whiny Sherlock calling to him from inside the flat. When he opens the door, Sherlock is laying on the sofa, giving him puppy-dog eyes. His trousers impressively tented.
He’d never examined it too closely, these feelings he had for his best friend. He always presumed it would only end in rejection and heartbreak if he dared allow himself to fall for the man. But if they truly did love each other — and it was becoming apparent that they did — then what would that mean for the pair of them?
His shoulder lifts in a perfect imitation of his brother. “As a last resort. But why sacrifice when there are viable alternatives? He will do fine. The donor was carefully selected, I assure you.”
“—Point being, how could I have planned that? You chose to come along, John. And while I'm happy that you did, that's on you.”
His eyes adjust gradually to the surroundings. It’s dark. The sun vanished below the horizon hours ago, leaving the satin sky to fill with stars. Now the ship provides its own illumination, but this section of the deck is covered and secluded, cast in deep, oppressive shadows— a perfect spot for a kidnapper to ambush an unsuspecting victim. A cold breeze filters through the gap in the door, raising his skin in goosebumps. Seeing nobody in the immediate vicinity, John steps out onto the deck, every muscle tense and coiled tight, ready to be sprung.
Sherlock studied him for a few seconds, his eyes flitting back and forth in indecision. Then, his shoulders relaxed on a defeated sigh. “Fine. If you think that would be better.”
His voice breaks. The sound of it shatters something inside John, and he slides out of his chair, mind and body on auto-pilot. “Christ, Sherlock…”
He thought of cold showers.
Stars explode behind his eyelids and a strong taste of iron coats the back of his throat. His head spins, suffering for lack of oxygen as the bag is tightened around his neck. He’s lifted clean off his feet without warning.
Pain ricocheting up his spine, John can do little more than struggle weakly in their combined grip. He tries calling for help, but thick fingers close around his throat, cutting off the sound. Just then, an odd chime sounds from somewhere very close.
“What you have failed to take into account, John, is that whilst I may have no personal appreciation for sexual fulfilment, that doesn’t make me immune to ambitions of the heart.” He reaching out to gently hold John's shoulders. “If you think me incapable of loving you in return, then you haven’t been paying close enough attention.”
The water sits calm and undisturbed sixteen feet beneath the pool’s smallest diving platform. John glances across at him. “What’s that?”
Time is running out. Soon he'll be focused on their mission and he can't afford John to suffer another bout of panic when it may put him in danger. There's nothing else to be done but pry it out of him. Sherlock affects a casual tone as they make their way to the main road to wait for a taxi. “Don’t people usually enjoy this sort of thing?” he asks, coversationally. “'A week away in a hot country on an all-expenses paid trip', or whatever it is those inane game show hosts say. I had thought you'd rather enjoy it, given how much time you spend vicariously living the experience.”
John, who trusts and admires him and asks so little, yet gives so much in return. Trustworthy John Watson, his steadfast moral compass, capable of making him belly-laugh one minute and seethe with unadulterated annoyance in the next. Surprising and predictable, mundane and fascinating. A life without John would be a very boring existence indeed.
“Alright”, John said, his fingers already playing in Sherlock’s chest hair.
He turned abruptly, meeting Sherlock’s eyes and locking him in place with an intense, pained look. The clock on the wall stopped ticking.
By the time he reaches the exit, both Mindy and the bald-headed man — Mikhail, presumably — have disappeared from his view. Cursing under his breath, he darts to the end of the hall, ignoring puzzled looks and shoving aside anyone in his path.
“I can’t…” Rooted in place, his heart beating a mile a minute, John’s body refuses to follow orders. A firm pair of hands grip his shoulders and try to push him on, but he knocks them away, spinning back and ending up face-to-chest with one of Sherlock’s shirt buttons. “I can’t do this,” he hisses, his eyes anchored to that button, clinging to it as though it were a life-preserver. “Move out of the way.”
“Wait,” John said, “before this goes any further, I have to know something.”
, Sherlock Holmes. God, what you do to me.”
“Alright,” Sherlock murmurs. “It’s okay. You’re okay, John. Let’s get you out.” He manages to pull them over towards a metal ladder, the nearest point of escape, and helps to stabilise John’s weight as he drags himself out. Sherlock climbs out after him and trots over to the chairs to grab a dry towel.
…” John’s mouth fell open as he came suddenly, Sherlock’s hand not slowing down as he started spurting over his chest, hips jerking forward and stomach muscles squeezing tight. It forced a long, broken moan out of him, and he curled over slightly, his supporting arms weakening but managing to keep him upright. As the intensity receded and it begun to feel over-sensitive he had to still Sherlock’s hand, which hadn’t stopped or slowed during the whole of his climax, milking him to the very last drop.
“No rest for the wicked,” Sherlock quips, not quite feeling the humour in it himself. John raises his brow pointedly.
Mindy catches a shift in his expression. Her laugh is musical. She reaches across to squeeze his hand, a conspiratorial look in her eye. “Well in that case, he wouldn’t mind if we spent a little more time together, would he?” She leans in, tapping a nail on the glass tabletop. “My contract is ending today. I’ll be heading back to England after this trip. If any handsome Army vets happened to come up to my room tonight for a few private drinks, well, he wouldn’t be breaking any rules.”
“Worth it though,” Sherlock said with a coy grin. “It’s not bad. People deliberately do far worse to themselves in the pursuit of satisfying sex.”
John was a soldier. He was also a doctor. He’d been to war, had men die in his arms. He was not a squeamish man. Natural bodily functions didn’t phase him, not usually. Not in the time Sherlock had known him, and he had shown John a great many mutilated corpses during their time together.
Or perhaps, because on one or two occasions, John had actually dreamt about kissing him, and had an eerie sense that he already knew what it would feel like to press their lips together? And maybe he should be grossed out by that. But actually, he was kind of looking forward to it. It sent a renewed thrill of possibility running through him, eliciting a wave of goosebumps across the surface of his skin.
He’s caught completely by surprise when something is shoved over his head from behind. The world goes dark, sounds muffled by a thick layer of cloth. His thoughts reel in panic as he reaches up to claw at the obstruction, only to encounter not one, but two pairs of hands grabbing at him.
. Behind closed eyelids, John gazed into Sherlock’s eyes and saw those pupils blown wide with pleasure, and it was enough. It all was too much.
“I was
“Could still be fear,” John countered. “Sherlock, this isn’t proving anything. I know what you’re trying to do, but—”
“Learn anything useful, then, in the bar?” Sherlock asks, seeking a way to not-quite-apologise for his outburst earlier. John shifts his weight, idly kicking his toe against the metal rail.
John could feel those piercing eyes bore into his back, only agitating him further. The last thing he wanted in that vulnerable moment was to be flayed open by Sherlock’s merciless observations. But after a moment, he heard Sherlock release a quiet breath.
“Fuck— whoops. Sorry!” They shared a giggle as John sat up on his elbows. “So, um… I don’t want you to do anything you’re uncomfortable with. But if you’re okay with it, I would really like to see you without those clothes on,” he asked hopefully.
"john and sherlock doing crafts together on the floor of 221b. quarreling over colors and glitter and themes and aesthetic and soft little exclamations of oh I quite like that" - I don't remember whose prompt this was, but if I find out, I'll edit it in!
“Exactly. You put me to bed. So sweetly,” John murmured. He trailed his lips along Sherlock's jaw, making the detective gasp as his head fell to the side. “You were so selfless. So caring,” John's whispered words tickled Sherlock's skin, and he groaned as John sucked where his pulse fluttered beneath his ear.
“Alright,” Sherlock said in a falsely steady voice. “And who is this 'Lord Elrond'?”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “You're obvious approval of ridiculous romantic notions.” Sherlock nodded towards Kili and Tauriel, who were nearly bumping in to each other as they walked.
Kissing Bilbo was… nice, but John wasn’t sure he could feel much aside from a usual kiss. He was sure they weren’t crazy, that there was some strange connection between them. Determined, he pulled Bilbo closer, daring to set his hand firmly on Bilbo’s ass.
“So,” Sherlock shook his head, breaking the spell, “what were you and Bombur talking about when Master Bard made his appearance?”
Sherlock glanced at the other two, then rolled his eyes.
“Nor do I,” the detective agreed. “He is a foul tempered one.”
“We can help,” John declared, “find food, hunt... things,” the doctor's response sounded uncertain as he realized he wasn't really sure what kind of things there would be to hunt in this strange world.
“So,” John's voice shook Sherlock from his musings. He was surprised the doctor had managed to sneak up on him, though given their current circumstances, he supposed he had been quite distracted.
Sherlock grinned deviously. “I would be delighted,” he purred. He let his eyes fall closed as John leaned in, pressing his lips to Sherlock's gently. Sherlock slid his fingers into John's hair and tilted his head slightly, parting his lips as John pulled away. They stared at each other for a moment, both questioning, both waiting as they shared the tense air between them.
“Cheers?” Bilbo’s brow furrowed in a way John couldn’t help but grin at.
The company stood on the wall, overlooking the elven king’s vast army. Thranduil made his way forward, astride his great elk.
Sherlock raised his gaze to the sky, a look of annoyance on his face.
“BUGGER OFF!” Sherlock yelled as he felt John tense under his hands. Nobody was going to interrupt this time. Nothing was going to stop them from finding a little relief. It wasn't exactly what Sherlock had in mind, but he wasn't about to waste it. He took in every detail. The look in John's eyes as he approached his peak, the pink of his cheeks, his jaw going slack, eyes pinching shut as it hit him. He moaned obscenely, and Sherlock found himself following him over the edge.
John peered at the hobbit. “You don’t say fuck.”
“Under a dark haired blue eyed idiot!”
No, he wanted to say. Of course I’m not listening. Sherlock is…… and there is nothing, nothing else that matters. “I’ll think about it,” he said instead.
Hope I made you chuckle! More to come soon!
Damn lazy woman.
John’s hands moved to his hips. He dropped his head back, staring up at the ceiling and took a deep breath. His eyes closed and he blew his breath out through pursed lips before affixing his gaze back on Sherlock. How could he be angry with Sherlock for saving his life? Even so, how could he erase the last two years of anguish from his mind and heart?
Sherlock sighed impatiently.
Bilbo nodded slowly. “It did. But how could that be?”
“You and what army?!”
(See the end of the chapter for
“How did you two get here?” Fili asked as he ran to meet the company ahead of Kili, Bofur, and Oin. “You were… you were there. In Laketown… you helped with Kili!”
Morning brought with it no change, no relief for John. He hadn’t slept more than a few minutes, hadn’t moved all night, and when he pushed himself up to sitting, his joints cracked in protest. He stared at the spot where Sherlock disappeared several hours earlier, the grief holding him like an old friend, a constant reminder that he was alive.
“I- I'll just... leave you to finish up,” John stammered hastily as he stood up and turned on his heel, making a quick retreat to the bedroom.
“I'm here John,” Sherlock answered.
John moved down toward the other end of the tub and finally managed to look at the task at hand, keeping his eyes on Sherlock's feet. He scrubbed them with clinical proficiency, careful to get between the toes, and worked up Sherlock's ankles. His heart was racing as he reached Sherlock's calves, and his hands shook slightly as he finished washing up to Sherlock's knees. He stopped there and held the cloth out to his friend, keeping his eyes averted.
“Will you help me wash?” he finally asked, his voice soft and pleading.
“Sherlock,” he answered, giving her an uncertain sidelong glance.
“What? What exactly about this situation do you not understand?” John turned toward Sherlock, slowly moving closer. “You faked your death, you have been alive all this time, and I have grieved. I have mourned your loss, then you show up out of nowhere after two years and what, expect me to act like nothing has happened? Like no time has passed and I haven’t been completely lost-” he looked away, trying to regain his control before he said things he wasn’t ready to divulge. May never be.
“As do I,” said a strange elderly man as he appeared at Elrond's side. The man's hair was mostly gray, and he was dressed in a long cloak. He carried a wooden staff, and Bilbo Baggins appeared to be his shadow. How had Sherlock not noticed the hobbit's presence before now? Must have been an afterthought by the author.
“He likes you. It's obvious. But it seems all you want is his body. Isn't there more to John Watson than that? Does he mean anything to you at all?”
“John?” Sherlock tried to softly rouse the man. “John, wake up.”
John was drunk. He had spent the entirety of the day drowning his pain in a bottle. A nice blond had sat down with him, matched him drink for drink, and now he was staggering home with her, or she with him, rather, and it was all wrong. Her lipstick was on his neck and smeared over his lips and he could taste the martini on her breath and smell her sweet perfume.
John leaned back, hardly moving his lips. “Not nearly enough. Run?”
“Neither of us has participated in any risky behaviour since we’ve been tested”
“Pot, kettle,” John replies, then hesitates – he really, really wants to feel Sherlock bare, and he knows he’s clean, but…
A finger pushes some of the pale fluid back inside and John is
He shuffles - far more gracefully than should be possible - closer to the desk where Greg is resting.
him, rid his mind of everything that wasn’t John. John took great pride and pleasure at being the only one to give that to Sherlock, in being the only one who could take him apart so completely. In this one aspect of their lives, John was in charge.
Sherlock sniffs indignantly, spine straightening as he visibly bristles. “For what?”
John grit his teeth, composing himself enough to reply. “Yes, yes I can.”
Sherlock’s voice is slow, sleepy. “I’ve got some ideas”
and there was no way Sherlock wasn’t going to notice, was there?
and “
“Long enough. Same as you.” Sherlock snakes his tongue out to suck John’s earlobe. “We can swap stories on the hows, whens, and whys later.” John can feel him grinning against his neck and all he can do was arch his neck even further to give Sherlock access to even more of his skin. “But for now, I want to see what other bruises we can plant on you.”
interesting positions.” He nibbles at Sherlock’s jaw and says, “You were right, I did want to be
If he hadn't just had a rather spectacular orgasm, that would have made him hard all over again. But the night is young. He dragged himself away from Sherlock’s warm, soiled skin. He places one knee on the bed as Sherlock hitches a leg upwards. John allowed himself to press his fingertip against Sherlocks hole, still gaping slightly and with a small line of come dribbling from the centre, taking in the erotic sight for future enjoyment. Having looked his fill, he gently presses the plug in, savouring Sherlock’s gasp as the widest part breaches his surely sensitive rim. They both moan a little when it settles into place.
John had showered barely an hour ago, but even so. Sherlock’s mouth moves down, slowly, taking a maddening route over John’s skin until his breath is fanning over where John wanted it most desperately.
Sherlock is puzzling out bruises and scuff marks, but can’t resolve them in a satisfactory manner to figure out how the suspect managed to escape. He’s at the kitchen table, photographs spread across every inch, when John begins the routine of making tea for both of them - he doesn’t bother asking, anymore. Sherlock will drink it or ignore it, and offering doesn’t give any indication which. He concentrates on pouring and stirring more than usual, to give him something to be feasibly distracted by when he tries to casually bring up the option
“So, those moves we did would land blows across the top of the shoulder, collarbones, and upper chest, thus creating some unique bruise patterns. Helpful?”
John doesn’t have to ask twice. There are three fingers now and there is a burning stretch that feels spectacular. John’s erection is positively dripping into the sheets, the foreskin pulled back and the plummy head brushing against the sheets and it is
He leans down to brush a kiss at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. “You know, your smart mouth always gets you into some
That penetrating gaze was boring into him, as if Sherlock could pull the thoughts from his head through sheer willpower alone. John had never been cowed by that look before, and he wasn’t going to now.
He bites his lip, trying to muffle his cries.
“Such as kissing his gorgeous mouth. Don’t look at me like that, you know how much I love your mouth.” John kisses him to prove it, “ridiculous, pouting lips.” Sherlock seems satisfied and lets him go on. “You keep your face clean shaven but Greg keeps his with a bit of stubble and I think that might be nice.”
Greg is looking completely overwhelmed, but is slowly getting swept up in the moment they’re creating.
John can’t contain the wanton noise that the thought of Sherlock using it on him evokes. The warmth of Sherlock’s body returns and John, desperately needy, dropped his shoulders to the bed and reaches back to hold himself open.
erection. With his arms stretched above him and Sherlock’s weight holding him down John feels deliciously tight and warm in his own skin.
to play with his own. He has to pull away and gasp for breath as delicious vibrations stir him - Sherlock is looking up at them and positively moaning around his mouthful of cock.
John closes the distance between them and lays his hand gently on Sherlock’s head and says warmly, “go ahead. It’s alright.”
Greg turns back to Sherlock and nods jerkily, wordlessly. Sherlock deftly undoes his belt and opens his fly, then palms Greg’s burgeoning erection through his pants, urging it to harden further. Greg can’t look away, his mouth agape and mind reeling. He can’t help but wonder-
John thinks to himself.
He is powerless to move - his hands tied, quite literally - and Sherlock’s knees had his legs just wide enough to keep him slightly off balance.
“When I come, you can come. I want you to feel what you’ve done to me. Are you ready? I’m so close, so ready for you to feel it, Sherlock.”
Then, without anymore hesitation, Sherlock opens his mouth and wraps his lips around the head of Greg’s cock.
"Greedy little thing, am I not already giving you everything you could possibly want? My full," he licks Sherlock's quivering hole, "undivided', another lick, "attention. What more could you possibly want?"
When Sherlock begs and pleads so prettily. It’s like music to John’s ears.
At first touch, both Sherlock and Greg groan. Greg shoves his fist in his mouth to quiet himself, but he can’t muffle himself entirely. “
it?” He emphasizes his question by thrusting up hard and pulling John down, holding him there.
John knows a challenge when he sees one. He lets go of Sherlock and rises so that he, too, can stand. He watches as Sherlock removes the rest of his clothing and
Their poor third this evening is completely overwhelmed - Sherlock is absolutely incredible,his mouth a marvel. But seeing the heat in John, seeing the control he has as he teases Sherlock despite being obviously desperate himself, is heady.
Greg looks up at John, still very much in shock. John nods encouragingly, his tongue peeking out as his smile turns predatory.
As their association - and hesitant friendship - grew, their mutual respect for each other had trumped whatever baser desires they may have had. Even after Greg divorced his cheating wife, Sherlock never made a move. Thoughts of “what if I eventually fuck it up” flitted through his mind every time he considered it. Somewhat unfortunate, but Sherlock could deal. He had The Work, and then John came along and thoroughly occupied his time.
Sherlock is obviously feeling cheeky tonight, wanting to push John just a little.
With both hands, John tilts Greg’s face to the side and places careful kisses along his jaw. “So come. That was the whole point of this apology, to make you feel good.” He takes one hand and drops it to Sherlock’s crown of mussed curls and says against Greg’s skin, “don’t stop Sherlock, you heard him. Finish him like a good boy.”
He’s helpless in his arousal, and Sherlock’s body is strong and firm against him and
He kisses Sherlock once more, this kiss gentler than the ones before it. When they parted John says, “Tell me what you want.”
back down from a challenge.”
Sherlock’s voice gasps, awestruck by what he feels. John can sympathize.
He knows that his role is to just lay there and moan and play with Sherlock and not to speak. But with the way that sherlock absolutely
And John’s hands are effectively tied, his arms stretched above his head but bent at the elbows, his wrists behind his neck as Sherlock pulls the shirt downwards. John is panting, trying to get enough air but he can’t; not when Sherlock is looking at him like he wants to
Sherlock can't stop shivering, can't stop twitching, can't stop writhing. John mercilessly fingers his prostate while he jerks his cock and it doesn't take long at all before he, too, is coming. John strokes him through it, slicking up his hand even more before lifting it to smear it along his back to blend their spunk together.
His voice is a deep, scratchy whisper from his dry throat. "Please, John I need... I need you to use me because I'm yours, need you to fuck me because no one else gets to, show me how I'm gonna get fucked because you decide when and it's always perfect and I need it, John, please!"
From there on, it’s a grapple to try and be the one on top and neither of them pull their punches. Literally.
"I've been staring at this all night. I think it's time I finally get what's mine, don't you?"
Sherlock replies, “there is an appeal to that. But if we’re having you calling the shots, I’d just like to know what might occur.” He hits John with a penetrating stare. “Do you want to watch me swallow Greg’s come? Watch it leak out of me?”
“I wonder what other pretty noises you could make for me, hm, John?”
“Not quite true, I think you’ll find, Sherlock”
"You like to watch, you like seeing what I'll do for your pleasure. Of course I liked it, I liked knowing that you were watching me swallow down that massive cock, stopping yourself from pushing him away and taking his pleasure as your own.” Sherlock smiles wryly and adds, “and you wanted to, didn't you? You wanted to throw him out and have me suck you instead"
John has a real problem with his inability to keep cool when checking out Sherlock's body. Like, it was definitely a problem before The Fall, but it's worse now.
“You’d like it if I ordered you to service Greg. To have you use your mouth to bring him off, your hands to make him moan and writhe. Would you like to fuck him? Bury your cock inside him? Or  would you prefer it if he took you instead? Do you think he’d enjoy watching me open you up, knowing he could just plunge right in?”
. And that made John hot all over.
Greg looks between them, at Johns hand resting on the back of Sherlock’s head, at those lips stretched around him. John’s gaze is on Sherlock, and he’s very clearly aroused. But then he looks up at Greg, and the heat in his gaze doesn’t dissipate. Greg watches, pinned to the desk by that stare, as John steps forward so he has Sherlock between his legs. He leans in and Greg remains hypnotized as John comes closer, until his breath is ghosting over Greg’s mouth. It’s Greg that closes the final inches and brings their lips together.
And then, after John saw Sherlock and Lestrade stare each other down, he realized Lestrade’s interests weren’t just in him. The rest of the Yarders didn’t seem to notice anything different from any other day, but John did. From the outside, it looked as if Sherlock was giving him a dressing down, berating him for incompetence, and that Lestrade was stewing in anger. But, if you looked just past that, you’d see that once the yelling stopped and they stood their baring their teeth at each other, they were also silently devouring. John could see that Sherlock wanted to push Lestrade against the wall, could see that Lestrade wanted to shove his cock in Sherlock’s mouth and make him shut up. Their eyes couldn’t help but roam over each other, frantically tracing over lips and fluttering pulses.
John, strung out, naked and spread out beneath Sherlock, trembling and silently begging to be touched. Sherlock, fully clothed and devouring him with his eyes, hands, and soon his mouth, hungry in every sense of the word.
John pushes his fingers through the soft curls at the nape of Sherlock’s neck as their breathing slow. He smudges a kiss against Sherlock’s temple, and John feels a small answering peck brush against his shoulder.
John’s spare hand trails across Sherlock’s ribs, playing over skin as it moves down his body. He briefly grips the crest of Sherlocks hip to still their movement, before trailing around to trace what must be maddeningly light touches over Sherlocks balls.
“Excellent,” John says, leaning in to kiss him once more. After pulling back he says, “let us leave first. Sherlock will look properly abashed,” he gives Sherlock a cheeky grin, “and you can follow once you’ve caught your breath. Meet us downstairs, we’ll get a cab together.”
He kisses John’s neck, punctuating his musings with firm kisses. “What about dominating Greg turns you on? What about
“I’m getting no further with what I have here, thanks to the awful photographers the Yard have on staff. Perhaps that might actually help, if you don’t mind, John”
Sherlock isn’t having that though. He seizes Johns wrists and pulls them above his head, stretching John into one long line of arousal before his mouth is on Johns and then
When he’s finally allowed to come, Sherlock takes the first burst into his mouth before pulling off and taking the condom with him, allowing the rest to paint his neck and chest. He hears Sherlock whimper as a stripe lands across his clavicle, and it sounds like relief.
John considers that a moment while he tugs Sherlock’s head back to have a taste of Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock gasps, squirming against him and seeking friction. John curls his hand around his hip and pushes to roll Sherlock underneath him. Sherlock’s legs come to wrap around him immediately, hips struggling to move.
Suddenly, the pressure from both Sherlock’s finger and groin is released and John can breathe again. He realizes that Sherlock has been speaking to him and he forces himself to open his eyes. “What?”
Sherlock seizes his arms and shoves him toward the stairs. John stumbles upwards, laughing. When they reach the landing, John turns and pulls Sherlock into his arms, walking them backwards into his room. John can’t keep his hands from Sherlock’s skin, can’t resist leaning up to kiss him. Sherlock pulls back, his breathing heavy, and spins John by the shoulders to face his bed before pressing a hand between his shoulder blades. John’s hands move to catch himself on the mattress and Sherlock’s knees hit the floorboards behind him. He doesn’t bother teasing this time - it would seem they were both too keyed up for that. Sherlock’s broad hands pull his cheeks apart and then his tongue is
Both John and Sherlock had noticed Lestrade’s interest in them. It was often subtle, just slight enough that if you were to blink you’d miss it. But there all the same.
“I apologise for my behaviour, Lestrade. I shouldn’t have spoken to you like that.” He moves even closer, his chest nearly touching Gregs knees. “Lestrade. Greg. Will you allow me to make amends for the things I’ve said?”
hard.
John maintains Sherlock’s signature intense eye contact and very deliberately rolls hips upwards as far as he’s able, rubbing his hardness alongside Sherlock’s impressively hard erection.
To that end, he makes the filthiest noises, acting like the cock in his mouth is the best thing he's ever experienced, and generally performs as slutily as he can. He has his hands all over the guy John had chosen for him tonight, grabbing his flesh and slipping fingers inside him like he just can't resist. It'll either get John incredibly aroused or drive him a little nuts with possessiveness - either way, it's a win for them both.
Enjoy!
Sherlock turned his gaze away for a moment, trying to process.
“Oh for crying out loud,” Sherlock turned to John. “Did you watch the movies?”
John's eyes widened. “What?!”
Bilbo's scowl deepened, then pointed to where Thorin stood by himself just outside camp.
It was all wrong.
Sherlock found himself all the more frustrated by the fact, coupled with the way John was obviously struggling to keep himself in check. John wanted him, that much was clear, but for the sake of sexual tension, the good doctor was keeping himself barely in line, full of meaningful touches and almost kisses.
He closed his eyes and huffed.
Yes, it was time for bed. John sneezed again as he made his way through the crowded room.
“Oil,” John moaned.
Sherlock picked up the sweater and ran a hand over the stitching. It was beautifully made. Not that Sherlock had an abundance of knowledge on the subject, but it felt sturdy and warm. The perfect gift, as winter was fast approaching. Now all he needed was tea. John was quite fond of tea, and he had been lamenting the lack of it for quite some time.
“A bit not good.”
“Are you sure she won't kill us?!” John shouted to a sopping wet Sherlock.
Sherlock gave him an irritated scowl. “Not the beast, you fool.”
Bifur signed frantically in Iglishmek, and John gave a frustrated sigh. “I wish I could understand him!”
“Greg.”
Thorin raised his sword, his body coiled like a spring and ready to strike. “I dare you to try.”
“Is everything alright over here?” Bilbo approached the two men hesitantly.
“Does that feel good baby?” John asked redundantly.
* * * * *
“Well,” Bilbo panted, “did you feel that?”
Thorin turned his murderous gaze toward John. “How dare-“
So the old man wasn't completely useless after all. Sherlock watched the wizard juggle the pine cones. His fingers should be burnt. Why wasn't he burning his fingers? The pine cones were on fire for Christ's sake. And the dwarves caught them as though they were nothing. Dwarves were miners. Perhaps they didn't feel heat like a man did? That was preposterous.
“John?” Sherlock elbowed his friend, attempting to pull his attention from the disgusting display of romance blossoming like a nauseating garden, an analogy Sherlock couldn't help but grin at.
They were stumbling up the steps together, pulling at each other’s clothes and it was still wrong. She threw her blouse across the room and he bent to suck at her neck and there he was. Sherlock stood there before the window, his face a smear of hurt and betrayal, even though John knew he would never look at him like that. Knew he would never look at John again, but there he was, and John felt a knot of anger in his stomach. How dare Sherlock take away the only distraction he had managed to find since the detective had decided to leave him. John tugged her through the flat, up the stairs and into his room.
“Because John, I can't keep my mind off you and it will all be much easier to focus if we do this now so it doesn't carry on for weeks. Months. Who knows how long,” Sherlock answered as he pulled of his shirt.
Sherlock nodded. “Makes sense. Though I would think they should have at least been wary of being hit with it. It's a bit heavy.”
“Yes, but you feel far too warm for it to be healthy,” Sherlock argued as he threw another log on.
“I hardly did anything. Just put you to bed,” Sherlock responded, his voice husky with sleep and arousal.
John got out of bed, went to the kitchen, and made two cups of tea. He made two plates of toast and sat down at the table. He didn’t touch his food or his cup. He sat and stared until Sherlock came to sit in the chair across from him. John shook his head jerkily against the image of Sherlock’s face covered in his own blood, his throat constricting as his eyes welled up again.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, moving slightly into the mouth of the small cave. “Can you not see the way rock and dust has only settled along the walls? But there are marks where others have slid along the bottom and down, obviously, into some sort of underground cavern. Any idiot could see this is a trap.”
John chuckled. “Me too.” He rolled over and curled into Sherlock's side, and soon he began to snore softly.
“He is the head of this house,” an unfamiliar voice declared.
John frowned. “Why is that?”
Gandalf gave Sherlock that amused look that made the detective want to punch out his teeth. “Yes, well, the orc pack is still behind us. We will have to keep moving.”
“No. Most times he's worse.”
John quickly pushed himself up onto his knees, looking horrified. “Sherlock, was that your first time?”
“Oil.”
“We'll be smashed!” John yelled. “Like bugs on a windshield! Sherlock, she's going to kill us!”
Kili had continuously pushed to get the attention of the red haired elf maiden, and she had been helpless to rebuff his advances. Of course, the glaring death looks shot at the two of them by the elf prince Legolas should have stopped anyone with half a brain in their tracks. But therein lie the problem. Kili was an idiot and didn't even have half a brain. Frankly, all the dwarves were idiots as far as Sherlock was concerned. And anyway, his only concern was John who- oh. Who was once again grinning at the elf and dwarf who were flirting like morons.
Sherlock frowned and quickly rose from his spot of the ground.
“Yea, you like that?” What the actual fuck. This was absolutely ridiculous.
He sat back and began planning.
“Oh come now, John, I know for a fact you have been thinking along the same lines for days,” Sherlock frowned.
John blinked rapidly for a moment, hands opening and closing into fists. He swallowed and worked his mouth a few times, searching for words. For coherent thoughts. Anything beyond the complete and total overwhelming confusion of emotions.
*****
Sherlock frowned, glancing at John, who was now staring off at the ground with a besotted grin and a faraway look.
Bombur and Bifur seemed to be kind of side characters. They popped in once in a while to make themselves useful, and had introduced themselves to Sherlock and John. Well, Bifur didn't. Supposedly, he couldn't speak anything but Khuzdul, which the author apparently didn't know either, because Sherlock had never heard him speak a word since he and John had joined the company.
Sherlock frowned, jumping to his feet and grabbed John's shoulders mid step. “Why? John, don't be sorry. That was....” Sherlock scrambled to find words that would accurately describe what exactly that was. “amazing.” He dropped his hands to John's waist and took a step closer, pressing himself against the shorter man's body. “You give me more than I deserve.” Sherlock wanted to loathe the words coming from his own mouth, but he couldn't bring himself to.
“Master Baggins?” Thorin's voice made John and Sherlock jump. “May I..... speak to you a moment?”
“John?”
John swallowed thickly.
“Yes, I suppose so,” Sherlock sighed, “I'm sure she'll see to it that we don't fall to our death. Ready?”
It was interesting, shortly after midnight, when Sherlock finally gave up any pretense of sleep and rose from his bedroll (what even was a bedroll? A big blanket? Why didn't they just call it that?) and found a beautifully knit sweater folded and set at the foot of his cot. (Cot? Wasn't that just a bedroll on the floor? Had he slept on a cot all night? Then how did he end up waking in a bedroll?) Sherlock was getting quite fed up with the inconsistencies that were occurring daily at this point, but he figured he had best take the sweater for what it was. A gift. One he could give John, who would undoubtedly act favorably to it, considering it was John's favorite color.
“Oh, Sherlock?”
He truly hoped not.
Their lips brushed gently, far too gently in Sherlock's opinion, but he knew better than to push John again. He was a bit disappointed when John pulled away, but he held it in check, instead dropping his gaze for a moment, before glancing up at John again with a sheepish grin.
“I'm fucking Bard the Bowman, bitch!”
Thank you everyone, for taking on this absolute garbage, enjoying it, hitting kudos, leaving comments, and all the wonderful things you've all done to let me know this has hopefully made you laugh!
“The author of this fic. Everything that happens is completely in their hands, and is utterly predictable. Boring.”
“It's alright John. It seems we are both acting like absolute imbeciles,” Sherlock concluded, a bit unsettled at hearing John gush.
He finally relinquished his hold and John sighed, all but collapsing onto Sherlock's chest.
Sherlock shrugged. “Sometimes, I suppose she can be.”
“Yes. Yes of course I will help you, Sherlock,” John responded, his voice a bit more gravely than usual.
“Well then? Honestly, what kind of bone headed leader stomps around and barks orders at his men, expecting them to blindly obey if he can't even be trusted to recognize a simple trap? Does nobody else ever really see what it is they're looking at?”
“Maybe you’d like to take us both at the same time - have him fuck you while you suck me off? Or maybe he could fuck you while
Greg asks, unsure, “in his mouth? You want me to come in his mouth?”
“Careful Greg,” John chides. “You don’t want anyone else to hear you, do you?”
"I think you misheard me. It happens sometimes. I said. You will. Apologize. To Lestrade. I think that he is owed an apology at least once, don’t you agree,” he says, turning to face Greg, himself.
Sherlock’s eyes close briefly, as he seemingly basks in the praise. John cards a hand through his hair, and smiles encouragingly at Greg, nodding his head downwards. Greg dares to do the same, and Sherlock’s eyes open. He smiles up at them, before biting his lip. His knees move restlessly against the carpet, and his fingers are scratching against the fabric of his trousers. Greg looks up to John, who is smiling knowingly.
Sherlock tries to nod, pulling his own hair tighter in Johns fist, and whimpers.
"Oh, you do like that don't you?" Sherlock jerkily nods in John's grasp. "Well, let's table that for now, shall we? Because for right now, I want you all to myself. I'm not normally a selfish man but," John grabs Sherlock's arse with his free hand, gripping it tightly, "This arse is mine. And it's my turn with it. Up."
John tries to entice Sherlock to break his rhythm, to break the rules of the game by smearing his leaking cock along Sherlock's cheek, silently daring him to stop sucking on the cock in his mouth before it's reached its peak. Sherlock desperately wants to reach out with his tongue and please both at the same time but he knows if he does John will make him pay for it.
.” John nods vigorously in understanding. He could feel him moving behind him, bending low and John can see in his mind’s eye what they both looked like.
turns you on?”
"Yes yes yes yes, please John," Sherlock cries, wriggling his hips enticingly. "I'm not complete without your cock in me!"
Sherlock’s arousal-deepened voice is stunning but also something about hearing that posh accent swear is disproportionately arousing.
Sherlock is beyond answering. His only reply is a hard suck to the fingers in his mouth as he pushes his hips up against John’s. He’s desperate. John knows he wants to cry out, wants to tell John to bring them both off. He wants permission to come.
When John and Sherlock finally got together they quickly learned that the roles they had in everyday life, Sherlock calling the shots and John happily following along, were reversed deliciously in private. Sherlock would need John to take him,
“Very,” Sherlock says with a smile. Without warning, He sweeps John’s feet out from under him with his leg and John goes down. John’s breath leaves him with a groan of “ow” before Sherlock is on him, straddling John’s thighs to try and pin John’s hands above his head.
Sherlock's cheeks flame with embarrassment, wanting desperately to say he needs John's fingers and cock as well as his tongue, his own tongue dry with the desire to speak but struggling to do so. He knows full well that John is toying with him by asking. And he also knows that John won't continue until he's made his wishes clear.
John and Sherlock were quiet as they entered the elven kingdom, each brooding a bit after their tense exchange. They walked over bridges and around winding halls until they came to the throne room. The dwarves moved in single file, John and Sherlock taking the tail end until they were standing in the middle of the room, which kept changing shape. Obviously because the author couldn't decide what the damn room looked like. It went from oval, to square, the center of the room, where the throne stood, was first raised rather high, then brought closer to ground level. It was most distracting. Sherlock groaned. “Make up your damn mind, woman,” he grumbled under his breath. He glanced over and caught John, gazing open mouthed at the center of the room.
“I don't like him,” Thorin muttered to Sherlock, breaking the silence.
“John. Wake up, John,” Sherlock whispered.
The door swung inwards before John could bring himself to knock, and he found himself face to face with Sherlock, alone on the threshold.
“Sherlock! Here!” John responded, and Sherlock felt the weight lift off his chest. At least the good doctor was still alive. He whipped his head around, searching for his friend. What did catch his eye was a flash of red hair. The guard captain. Sherlock squinted and pulled his hair out of his eyes.
John’s eyes widened. “Please don’t.”
John quickly pushed his way through the crowd, Sherlock struggling to keep up behind him.
Oh for fucks sake, could he just cum already? This was getting tedious.
“Really, how did your simple minded line ever come to leadership?” Sherlock continued, oblivious to the dwarf king's mounting rage.
“No,” John frowned. “Feel what?” Before Bilbo could answer, John leaned in again, hoping to answer the question for himself.
It was no surprise to John, when he reached his room to find Sherlock sitting on his bed, leaning against the headboard, ankles crossed, hands behind his head. He never moved as John changed into his pajamas, face staring vacantly at the ceiling. Sherlock shifted over as John got into bed, finally fixing his eyes on the doctor.
He dropped his gaze and shook his head before looking at John, furrowing his brow.
“You called him a half breed dog shortly after. Did you expect him to react kindly?”
John shrugged again. “They didn't check me. Maybe they didn't think I was a threat.”
John sighed deeply. “I... care for you...”
“Sorry,” Sherlock replied, insincerity plain in his tone. He turned to John with an impish grin, and John rolled his eyes in response.
Thorin frowned, skeptical. “That's an.... interesting name.”
“Thorin!” Dwalin boomed, backing up quickly.
“Handsome looking fellow,” the hobbit declared.
“What have you concluded from your analysis?”
John shook himself mentally and stood, rendered slightly dizzy by his sudden change in position, and the fact that Sherlock now stood completely bare hardly an inch in front of him.
The company had come to a halt, most of their number sitting on the cliff side and waiting for their leader to talk some sense into a determined, obnoxious Sherlock Holmes.
“Are you suggesting that I am an idiot?” Thorin challenged.
“No,” Sherlock responded, clearly irritated at the suggestion. “I just know what's going on here.”
“No,” Sherlock gently shook his head from John's grasp, “it is alright John. Just,” he swallowed, licking his lips before raising his eyes to look at John directly. “Would you please help me into the bath?”
“You're no better than a beardless pointy eared elf.”
Sherlock scrambled to remove his shoes, his stomach clenching as he heard John give a satisfied sigh.
Sherlock awoke to soft kisses on his chest. A hand smoothed over his hip and down his thigh, and he hummed low in his chest.
“Sh- Sherlock?” John bit his lip, then scrubbed his shaking hands over his face. “Wh-what… How?” He turned away, his mouth a thin line and eyes growing wet. He finally decided to settle on anger. Anger was safe. Anger was easy. He fixed a rage filled glare on Sherlock. “What are you doing here? You were-” His mask slipped for a moment, and he blinked down at the floor before he managed to regain control. “How could you possibly pull a stunt like that on me?” he demanded fiercely. “How could you let me think you were dead, all this time? I- I…” John threw his hands in the air. He turned on his heel and stormed away.
“Help!” Kili's voice called from somewhere off to the left. The left of who? They weren't all facing the same direction. Why the hell did Sherlock seem to hear the narration of this bullshit in his head?
John watched the blond elf perched on his ornate throne. He couldn't help but be reminded of a certain somebody, all long lines and arrogant smirks. Flawless, pale skin. Eyes like blue ice. John couldn't help but stare. He watched as Thranduil sneered down his nose at Thorin, who stood in the front of the company scowling pointedly at the elf, chin held high.
Then there was their setting. Clearly, they were not located anywhere on Earth, which made Sherlock think they were most likely in some fantasy world. They had not crossed any other living beings, (other than a bit of wildlife, and only when they were hunting) but Sherlock was certain there had to be more. Unfortunately, he hadn't had much time to dwell on such things, out in the wild “roughing it” as they were.
“No, who the fuck are you?” John demanded.
“What is it?” Sherlock followed John's line of site and spotted Thorin's heirs, along with the healer and the dwarf with the funny hat.
“Oh good! Looks like all the hard work has been done!” Gandalf's voice suddenly reached them as the old wizard strode toward them through the trees.
Goblintown was not a place John would soon want to visit again. It was bad enough they were stuck traveling with ill tempered, smelly dwarves, but the gruesome, bloodthirsty villains they seemed to attract were beyond a doubt the worst creatures John had ever had the displeasure of seeing.
“A dragon,” John was whispering. “A fucking dragon, Sherlock.”
“What,” began the pompous elf, “were you doing in my forest?”
Indeed, Kili's skin was still pale, but his eyes looked brighter. His breaths seemed less labored and he looked far more peaceful. Though that might have been because Tauriel was now holding his hand and smiling down at him beautifully.
They rushed forward, Thorin and his heirs, Azog and Bolg, meeting together with a deafening crash of metal. John and Sherlock rushed onto the scene, taking in the sight with alarm. More orcs were coming. There was no way the Durins stood a chance.
“Are you alright?” John asked as he dropped to his knees at Sherlock's side.
“Tauriel, Sherlock. Her name is Tauriel,” John scolded, before turning to the elf. “My lady, please, can you heal him?”
Sherlock grinned. “You're blushing. You're fidgeting and looking everywhere but at me, which indicates the subject for some reason makes you uncomfortable, or at least uncomfortable to talk about with me, therefore it can't be 'nothing'.”
Sherlock gave him a smirk. “We just convinced a dragon to relocate.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hello darling,” she said, a giddy lilt to her voice. “Great choice for our anniversary, I must say.” She gave him a peck on the cheek as she settled into her chair, and John came around to retake his seat.
“And you are not elves?” Sherlock asked.
Sherlock tried to shake the strange mindset,when he was further distracted as the doctor's steady, rough hands grazed Sherlock's sides as he took the hem of the light tunic and pulled it up and over Sherlock's head.
* * * * *
Some days, Sherlock paced the living room, eyes alight with excitement, as though he were working a case. Most days, Sherlock sat in his chair, staring sadly at John and never breaking eye contact.
Sherlock nodded, gasping to catch his breath. “Didn't think she'd actually do that to me,” he huffed.
“I hope this doesn’t weird you out, but would you mind experimenting with this phenomenon just a bit?”
John stood and began walking toward Sherlock with sure and determined steps.
Sherlock sighed. “John, I- I apologize for... for my actions last night. I was selfish.”
Sherlock grinned as he felt John's hands hover over his waist, hot breath coming just a bit closer to his bare shoulder. There was a light brush of lips, then John was moving a safer distance away.
Alright guys. It's about time we got to business. Smut!!! And not the most amazing smut, but smut anyway! Enjoy it while you can, things are going to get weird.
“Any other deductions about this fanfic we seem to be in?” John asked.
“Good afternoon to you, Master Baggins,” John responded in kind.
“No I don’t,” Bilbo looked thoughtful. He shrugged. “Well, I suppose I do now.”
*****
John licked his lips and nodded, then tried desperately to look at anything but Sherlock's exposed chest. “Yes... yes it's always been one of my favorites.”
“Clever? Or lazy?” Sherlock mumbled.
“This one is different. The air is stagnant and the trees are sick.” Bilbo sighed as he shook his head. “There is something evil in that forest.”
The goblin king gave a grotesque smirk, leveling John with an amused look. “Or what? Are you going to fight me?” the goblin sounded terribly condescending. “Are you going to hit me with your tiny fists? My hoard will devour you before you manage to take a step.”
“He's right, Thorin,” Bilbo piped in. “After all, John and I are practically the same person.”
Sherlock had thought long and hard all through the night about what he might be able to do for John that was a little more personal. He thought about the things the doctor liked, and it took several hours to get past “brunette with perky tits.” He couldn't very well hire John a hooker, for one thing there were no beings with breasts anywhere nearby, at least not that he'd seen, and for another thing, it would completely defeat the purpose of his gift.
“You were watching us?!” John demanded angrily.
It was beautiful. Never had Sherlock been so awestruck by another. He sank his hands into John's hair and pulled him down to kiss him, devouring him with lips and tongue.
Without missing a beat, John stood, his gun in his hand, and shot the bow from the man's grasp. Was that even possible? The man turned toward them, shock in his eyes as he assessed the foreign object in the doctor's hands.
John straightened his jacket and glanced around. “Where the bloody hell are we?”
“Morning,” Sherlock grinned back and opened his arms as John climbed up and kissed him soundly on the lips. “I see you're feeling better.”
Sherlock swallowed thickly, unsure if John wanted to hit him or run away. Maybe both. He stood perfectly still, hands buried in his pockets and mind racing. He had no idea how to proceed.
Bilbo began thrusting, and John moaned and writhed beneath him, reached a mind shattering climax far too quickly. Bilbo couldn’t hold back. John’s orgasm became his, the two of them lost in each other’s pleasure, until they both collapsed onto the bed.
A blazing pine cone flew past Sherlock's head, bouncing across the ground and catching the surrounding grass on fire. The closest wargs huffed and growled, backing away from the flame. Sherlock glanced around, amused when he spotted Gandalf lighting more pine cones aflame.
Sherlock let the conversation fade out. How exactly had they come to be here? He had been trying for days to find the answer, but was no closer to figuring it out than he had been when they found themselves here in the first place. He tried to remember what happened before they ended up here, but to no avail. They had come home from solving a case, a very simple case, jealous girlfriend, double murder, suspect found within eight hours. They came home, ate, and went to bed. Nothing strange had happened, there had been nothing suspicious or out of place when they went to bed. John bade Sherlock good night at approximately 12:00am, Sherlock had gone to bed around 3:00. The next thing they knew, they were here, fully dressed and lost in the wilderness.
Sherlock smirked, quirking his brow. “That was most enlightening. You each reacted to the other as though what you were doing was being done to yourselves.”
Thorin only looked more confused. “What?”
Thorin gave Bilbo a fond look as he left, then glanced up at Sherlock. “I owe you my thanks.”
That voice, that deep baritone dripping with such uncertainty made John freeze. He worked his jaw as he rubbed at the back of his neck. Finally, he turned to face the detective.
“What do you need to say then?” John asked, his voice wavering as he attempted an indifferent tone.
“Sherlock,” John's hands found Sherlock's face and he gently pulled him up from where he had been panting into John's skin.
John huffed, pinching the bridge of his nose. “For science?”
“No, Sherlock. No I am bloody well not alright!” John declared as he began pacing the length of the ridiculously clean bathroom. “I have been dragged around this god-forsaken place by dwarves, of all things, and then I watched a monstrous wolf pin you to the ground and slice you wide open, meaning to make a meal out of you. We've spoken to two people who I had been assured are of the wisest beings this side of Mirkwood and we still don't know how to get out of here!”
“Off you go” John encourages him with gentle pressure on his neck, conscious that Sherlock may need a bit of reassurance now the possibility of touching someone that isn’t John is so real.
“Spoilsport”
“We both know we wouldn’t proceed without consent. He just needs to want it more than he wants to be a ‘gentleman’.”
“And I’ll bet going to your knees and earning back his good favour is an attractive idea, when he’s been furious with you. I bet part of you has been desperate to keep pushing, to make him snap and pull you back into line.”
Greg gasps a little at that, noting the bulge in Sherlocks trousers, but equally, how well he remains on his knees, waiting.
“Such big talk, but I’m not seeing much action, yet”
John tries to control himself, to deny Sherlock for as long as long as possible - but watching Sherlock’s head bob, the sinful stretch of his spine down to his legs spread obscenely wide to give John a perfect view of his ass, tested John self-control to it’s very limits. No man could resist such a sight for too long. John loves watching him, but he also loves reminding him who he belongs to after they play this game.
“We are the displaced dwarves of Erebor,” Thorin answered, sure this... Sherlock person was a wizard of some sort. Much as he hated it, he didn't wish to anger a potential wielder of magic.
John frowned, his eyes meeting Sherlock's. “I- I don't understand.”
“Most definitely.”
“Late 20's to early 30's, female, bored or starved for a creative outlet, suggesting this person is probably a mother. Overworked, tired, and using writing as a means to escape. Bit pathetic, really.”
John huffed. “Love.” He looked up at Sherlock defiantly. “Love, ok? We were talking about what it feels like to have another person become everything to you. To feel more for that person than anyone else in the world, to care about them more than yourself. Does that answer your question?”
“No, we'll make it! Just trust me!”
Hello lovelies! Hope you haven't given up on me updating! Every other week is about all I can manage at present. If even that. It's killing me honestly. I don't get to write any more nearly as much as I want to. Hopefully I will find a better balance in the future. But for now, don't give up on me! I'm still here!
“On the couch?” she asked in disbelief.
“Hi,” he finally said, letting his gaze flicker over his best friend’s headstone. “I uh, I came here, because I need to…. to tell you something.” John continued, shifting uncomfortably on the balls of his feet. “I need to tell you that…. that I- I need to tell you….. that I love you.”
The cavern seemed to spring back to life. Dwarves dove for their weapons as goblins began to swarm. Sherlock stayed close to John, the soldier taking out every goblin that came close enough as they ran over wooden paths and bridges.
“Dammit,” Sherlock muttered to himself. That had been close. Agonizingly close.
“Fili, Kili, search for firewood. Balin, Dwalin, with me,” the one closest to Sherlock commanded in a booming voice.
Sherlock sighed.
So, somehow I hadn't been paying attention yesterday and posted chapter four again. Oops!
“What?”
“Why in God’s name would that surprise you?” John asked with a humorless smile and narrowed eyes.
“Would be lover? Thorin hates that hobbit.”
“Damn woman,” Sherlock mumbled as he pushed himself up to sitting.
“Oh, good! That saves a large amount of tedious dialogue. Then do get on with it and lock us up already, as I suspect you decided to do upon our capture.”
“Um. We should probably... find you some dry clothes,” John said softly.
So sorry for the long break. I recently started working full time again, and completely renovating my house. Needless to say, time to write is in very very short supply. Bare with me, I would never drop a fic, but it may take me quite some time to finish. I hope this chapter of giggles and ridiculousness makes up for it just a pinch.
Sherlock smirked. “Perhaps you will not kill me for insult to your lineage?”
“Good. Now get undressed. You're going to need help getting in, and I for one am getting quite tired of waiting around for you to decide you need me.”
* * * * *
“Oh look,” Sherlock interrupted. “Orcs.”
“I thought blue was your favorite color?” Sherlock at John quizzically, then glanced back down. The sweater was green. What? He looked up again, then back down at the sweater. It was John's favorite color.
Three days. They had been traveling with the company of Thorin Oakenshield for three days. Sherlock had figured out most everything he could about their companions without actually talking to them. Thorin Oakenshield was a displaced royal, destined to be king of the kingdom of Erebor. His story was a sad one, full of despair and turmoil. Clearly, he was the dark, brooding, handsome hero who just needed to be reminded he had a tender heart.
“I will confer with Balin. If he agrees, then we will let you come with us.” The dwarf said no more and stalked off past Sherlock.
Sherlock huffed impatiently. “We are-”
Sherlock turned to face John's annoyed gaze. He stopped and stood in place, letting those hardened eyes pierce his own. Sherlock's gaze dropped to watch John lick his parted lips. “Look, I don't want to do this now, Sherlock. This forest, the way the dwarves are in here, it's..... messing with me, okay? I don't... I don't want to try to break down my emotions when I'm feeling so on edge. Does that make sense to you?”
The next events happened quite quickly. John moved at the same time as Thorin, Fili, and Dwalin. They darted towards Sherlock, John grabbing the mans hand and yanking him back as the dwarves cut down the nearest spiders, who had been only moments from reaching Sherlock.
“No shit, Sherlock!” John spat before he turned heel and walked out the door.
“It was well done,” Thorin said from the cell next to theirs. “Long have I craved to put that sprite in his place. It was good to see.”
Wasn't that typically frowned upon in the world of fanfiction?
“Yes,” Sherlock gasped a bit too dramatically as he looked around.
“Judging by the blatant misunderstandings, mild angst, and sexual tension between our leader and that little hobbit, I would say it is safe to deduce that this author is a Thorin/Bilbo shipper. In which case, Bilbo Baggins is about to find Thorin naked or mostly naked in the river,” Sherlock answered, quickly scanning the river they were walking alongside.
“You don't think this author person is going to kill any of us off, do you?”
Balin frowned. “Didn't you two stay with Kili?”
“Oh fine I'll just play along then.”
Hello again! This chapter is a bit short, but hopefully it will make you smile. Lord knows we could all use a little bit of humor right now.
“Nice night,” Bilbo said conversationally.
Clearly, this author played by no one's rules. With that being said, Sherlock figured he would have to be a bit more careful if John were suddenly prone to emotional outbursts.
Bilbo frowned from where he stood at the wizard's side. “What's The Matrix?”
John huffed a little chuckle. “It's my favorite color.”
Sherlock led John up the stairs, careful not to move to fast or to let the doctor stumble. He opened the door to his guest room, ushering John in and closed the door softly behind them. He moved to press his hand against John's forehead again, and frowned at the obvious fever the doctor had spiked.
“Tilda,” she answered. “That's my sister, Sigrid, and my brother, Bain. Are you two brothers?”
He was alive.
“Sherlock?” John huffed under his breath. He gave the detective a frown, concerned that maybe they shouldn’t be giving up so much information about themselves.
“Good thinking, John,” Sherlock said, patting his friend lightly on the shoulder. “But why, when the goblins took the dwarves weapons, did they not take your gun?”
The two of them laughed, a bit of the tension from their previous conversation loosening its hold.
John's movements sped up, his hips thrusting erratically, and Sherlock was completely captivated by the sight of him; brow furrowed, bliss clear on his face as his jaw went slack. Another thrust and John was lost, moaning and gasping as his climax hit. Sherlock felt the heat coiling inside him, (there it was again. What did that even mean?!) and he quickly followed John over the edge, every thought washed from his mind by hot white light. His eyes fluttered open to find John panting and looking down at him like he was the most amazing being on the planet. His lips were parted, hair disheveled and eyes full of adoration as he gazed down at Sherlock.
