Still, nothing was said.
At the broken man before him.
She looked down.
“Let’s take a nap.” He whispered down at the blonde.
And watched them together.
“Yeah. That would be a factor, wouldn’t it?” Tony whispered.
Steve couldn’t. He closed his eyes and clenched his teeth, burying his hand in his hair, gripping the strands between his fingers.
In the midst of kissing Tony, Steve was flexing his hips, rubbing his cock into the seam of Tony’s ass, groaning at the heat that wanted to swallow him inside.
Sighing, he shut his eyes and let out a few breaths, trying to quell his racing heart.
Tony arched up and laughed at the comment.
Pepper shut her eyes, sighing.
The blonde woman moved her gaze over to him then, narrowing her eyes in his direction.
Suddenly, he felt his tears stop and he pulled his hands away from his eyes.
"I‌ want you to be
“Steve. You’re right, we shouldn’t. God above, we really shouldn’t.” Tony groaned, closing his eyes, making his armor retreat back into his body.
Steve held back a chuckle, flexing his hips to fuck Tony’s fist.
Bucky.
Steve felt the air crackle around him at the words. Snarling at the man atop him, he planted his feet down, lifted his hips and flipped them.
Steve was glowering at him now.
was beside him in an instant.
Was he serious?
“Are you hearing me?”
Tony was a brilliant man, but he had self esteem issues a mile wide.
Tony chuckled, pushing the book fully away now.
“Shit. Feels really good, Steve. Add another.” Tony moaned, holding his legs open for the man between them.
“When you’re spouting idiotic opinions, I’ll talk to you any way I want.” Steve snapped right back.
“You have one last chance to back out of this, Captain.” Strange said to him, holding the vortex open.
“You know why, Tony. This-God, this isn’t right.”
Tony stood across the way, watching as fury climbed up the blonde mans features, but nothing was said.
Not much he could say, being the person who just fucked a married man.
"I knew the whole time you loved him. I remember seeing the two of you down in your lab, several times. And he-God-he never took his eyes off you. Of course, you didn't see it, but I did."
“Steve.” Strange tried a calmer falsetto, a more understanding approach.
Steve just shook his head.
“You’re not using that watch. If you use it, it will put two Steve’s at that moment of the snap.”
He was harboring feelings towards a
The feared expression she was waiting on, definitely came. It wasn’t that of unhappiness, it was one of…discomfort.
“S-Steve, stop! Christ, if you continue, I’ll come, and I’m no super soldier here.” Tony gasped when Steve started to suck hard and stroke his hand at the same time.
It was not supposed to happen this way!
“It’s just your anxiety, Steve. It’s amping everything up, but it’s all in your mind. If you breath, your heart rate  will go down, and the room will stop spinning so badly. Hear me?”
“Well. That was nice.” Tony’s voice cut through the silence.
Reaching out, he grabbed Tony’s wrist, pulling him into the bed, pinning him down with the weight of his body.
He had excepted his place in hell a long time ago.
Pepper knew this.
The brunette nodded emphatically, his own lips kissing Steve’s nose.
“Not a
fault.
“I have lubrication oil in my belt.”
Tony was staring at him now, a stray tear making its way down his face, brown eyes swimming.
Just,
"Do you love him?" She finally managed to ask after minutes of no talking between them.
He had. But, at that moment, he was being pretty melodramatic.
But, there was really no damage.
“But, I really want to see you, Tony. I know you have scarring, but, I’ve seen you without your shirt on you know?”
It took several minutes, but Tony was finally ready.
“You think that you’re alone in how you feel?” Tony snapped out, lower lip trembling with the effort to hold himself together.
Turning the other way, he faced the wall instead.
“Yeah.” He breathed out, feeling the crest of anger shoot up his spine.
For what Pepper herself did not fully possess, and likely never would.
It was Tony.
Tony was looking at the carpet, wringing his hands. Sighing soundly, he fully faced the super soldier.
Honestly, he was perfect, it was not fair.
“Easy there Joe Moe, I may be dead, but I still need breath.”
"Well Mr. Big man, what now?" Tony asked plainly challenging Steve.
"It brought you Steve." She mumbled.
“Ugh, overstimulation, Cap.” Tony managed to grit through his teeth, the pleasure and pain crashing together to hurry him into a dry orgasm.
It was not fair, and a dark place inside Tony hated Steve for it.
“Come on, come on.” Tony groaned, reaching out for Steve’s hand.
Tony didn’t look away from him as he continued to trash the exercise room, he was yelling, screaming out his grief, not able to understand why this life just took and took and left nothing but disaster and darkness behind.
Tony swallowed, but didn't say anything.
Steve sighed, folding his arms.
“I was, Tony.” Steve breathed out, standing on shaky feet.
She laughed humorlessly, wiping her nose, huffing and looking at the wall beside the fireplace mantle.
Steve rolled his eyes, looking at him in exasperation.
Ouch.
No. He really wasn't.
Steve continued to tongue fuck him, burrowing deeper, his cock so hard it was nearly painful.
And it wasn’t because Tony didn’t love Pepper, she knew he did. He had told her time and time again, but there was always something she couldn’t put her finger on, something that she was missing that he wasn’t giving.
The smaller man struggled harder, thrusting his hips up, trying to gain some type of leverage.
"I'm gonna come Stark, and you will come with me." Steve ordered in his authoratative voice.
“When did that happen?”
At that, Steve stopped texting her, laying his phone to the side.
That’s what Tony told himself at least.
The blonde was frozen, feeling his blood rush hot and fast through his brain.
“It’s not your fault, okay? You cannot shoulder all this by yourself, it'll eat you up.”
Pepper just stared at him.
Silence.
Without a doubt, he loved her. She would be the only woman he would ever love. But...the pull he felt towards Steve was like...an addiction. One that he had tried for
"I pushed back my feelings for him once, I can do it again." He responded, firmly, raising his eyes to hers in almost determination.
Tony flinched, clenching his fists again.
To his right, a little screen popped up, and there it was.
Tony felt his eyebrows furrow, a little taken aback by the irritation at the simple question.
Silence.
After a few minutes of silence, Steve made up his mind.
It wasn't his fault, and it was time that she stopped blaming him for it.
Tony sucked in a breath raggedly, the cold air of the room hitting his cock.
It never had.
The super soldier stumbled a little bit, pulling back from the bag, whipping his head around to look at the person who had disturbed him.
“Maybe Sharena, Ciara, ah, Sharon..”Tony snapped his fingers together pretending to be confused about the name, “maybe she will make you happy.”
“Steve.” Tony called out, voice ragged.
“You are happy here,Tony, right?” She questioned, swallowing around the fear that gripped her esophagus.
I’m sorry.” Tony snapped, propping the book under his arm, moving to storm out of the room.
“Tony.” He tried, imploring the man to look at him, because the light around him was getting dimmer.
He had played the vicious fight between him and Steve over and over in his mind, trying to figure when he could put a stop to what was happening.
“Nah, I can make it tomorrow. Have some stuff I need to do around here though, if I’m a little late, could you get everything rolling for me?”
She had always been there for Tony.
At that, Tony sat himself on Steve fully, taking him in, making the air punch out of the super soldier.
Silence.
He didn’t care though, all he cared about was getting to Tony.
He was not perfect, and he really wished Howard had not been so hung up on their kinda friendship and paid attention to his brilliant son, who, lit up everything around him.
Tony winked, shoving his hands in his pockets, and left.
Steve held him up in battle when he was falling, and they could speak without saying anything to each other.
That was it, all he had left in him. The darkness had completely encompassed him, and at this point, he greeted it. Threw his arms around it, like a friend he was welcoming back.
"He told me that he was leaving when all this was over." He mumbled, feeling his heart thump roughly against his breastbone.
Steve would get there first.
disappointment.
Shrugging, Tony crossed his arms.
“No. Bucky was my closest friend when I was younger, my only family after my mother died. Is that efficient enough for you, Tony? Or are you going to not let this go until I say what you evidently want to hear?” He snapped at the shorter man, standing up haughtily.
He was horrible.
Sighing, she turned his shoulder, pointing out Tony dancing with a blonde woman, who was…all over him.
“D-Did I wake you up? I didn’t wake Pepper up did I?” He asked the brunette, blue eyes almost puppy dog like.
It was Jarvis’s. Tony’s old butlers recipe.
“Of course you do, boy scout. Have some badges in there as well?”
Steve brought a sense of self to Tony Stark. He brought understanding. They were totally different men, with different outlooks on near everything. But, their end goal was the same.
Silence.
Steve took in the words, feeling his heart thud slowly against his breast bone. Closing his eyes, he turned away the man, his eyes catching the hustle of the city.
Silence.
“I have to, Tony. There’s too much, just…too much here, okay? We’ll get this mission completed, save the world, and…that’ll be it.”
A ragged sob ripped through his larynx, and he stood up from the bed in the hotel room, grabbing the lamp beside the bed and hurling it at the adjacent wall.
Man alive, he could not help it though. He had tried. Had tried to block it out, to push it back. But…seeing Tony after years of not seeing him was like finally finding water after being out in the desert for months at a time.
The End.
The super soldier reached down and grasped Tony’s hips, pushing his butt up to get a better angle to hit his prostate.
Steve smiled.
Steve looked around and realized where he was.
“Look at me, Steve.” Tony demanded this time.
Steve drew him back, sitting him on the edge of the bed, kneeling on the ground in front of him.
"I‌ do too, Tony. But, I‌ can't continue to look at you, and see the uncertainty in your eyes, day after day, all the time. It’s
Tony wrenched his face away, feeling his thread of control slip as Steve’s dick nailed his prostate just right, making him come.
him run to you when you stepped off that spacecraft?"
Closing his eyes, he remembered the wide, brown eyes stare into his, the eyelashes long, dark and beautiful framing the doe like expression.
Like, his horrible acting during the propaganda pieces in the 40’s after receiving the serum.
Steve shook his head, clenching his eyes shut again.
“Wow. You really did a number on the suit that I made for you, huh?” Tony said, mocking his outfit.
Thank God they didn’t do this in the compound.
Steve smiled, turning towards the voice, watching as the brunette walked to the coffee pot.
Tony hmphed.
He could do that.
They had been working rather well together, up until today that is. No arguments, no snarling at each other, no getting in each others faces. It was safe to say today had killed that streak though.
"What do you want me to say, Pepper?" He begged.
“Hey, Cap. I was kind of in the middle of something. Old age must be doing funny things to your vision.” He said to the taller male, who looked rather annoyed.
Steve softened at Tony’s expression.
Silence.
Maybe he should take a break.
Steve stroked to every image, those eyes drawing him in, making him feel whole after feeling broken after so long.
They stumbled in the room together, both of them grunting with the effort.
Tony though, he was whimpering and shaking, eyes taking in Steve's broken body.
And he was silenced as Steve melded their forms together, grinding his hips up to throw Tony off, trying to gain some distance.
Tony just shut his eyes.
It was not supposed to be Tony, it was supposed to be Steve. He would have gladly done it. He would have worn that gauntlet, and died looking at…
“You’re so soft.” He mumbled into the mans temple, sighing in content.
Tony grunted and smiled, letting the blinding euphoria wash over him.
“Get off you asshole!”
He could even feel it through the armor, and that was saying something.
Tony gasped as Steve's pelvis humped hard against his cock, sending him thrashing against the bed, the orgasm running up his spinal cord to send bursts and bursts of light behind his eyes.
"Yeah? You're lucky I'm allowing you to. Considering your piss poor attitude."
Was this really happening?
Steve closed his eyes and nodded, leaning down and laying his cheek on Tony’s knee.
Steve kicked his leg out, “Don’t fucking tell me what I meant to do, you don’t understand anything about what I feel.”
“Mmh.” The brunette gasped out, hand darting up to grab at Steve’s biceps, sprawling out beneath the super soldier.
Steve gave a small smile, nodding in agreeance.
“Tired of me already, Cap?” Tony grit out, trying to sound humorous, instead sounding..hollow.
It was all muffled, the sky gray, the air gray, everything was gray and dull.
Tony then pulled his right hand back, pushing his middle finger into his mouth, coating it in saliva. Brown eyes devoured Steve's baby blues as Tony slipped his hand back around to Steve's ass.
Probably.
“I wouldn’t miss it for the world, Pep.” He stated, smiling.
Then, they pulled up, the few that still called themselves the Avengers.
After cleaning up, Steve laid in bed, facing the window, watching the stars outside.
Time to finish what they had started.
Steve couldn’t laugh, could only sob into Tony’s hair as he clutched the back of his head and rained kisses on his temple, mashing his eyes into his silky strands.
Looking up briefly, Steve saw Tony’s fingers tremble a little bit, before Tony was balling them into fists.
Steve glared at that omission, clenching his teeth together.
Steve shrugged, “After a mission some years ago.”
“Hot date with that woman from Shield?” Tony asked Steve, smirking.
Steve was cooking, the recipe he was trying open on his phone.
Tony watched as Steve’s eyes roamed his face, still full of fury and annoyance. But, there was something else there, something he couldn’t define, something that nearly made Tony’s legs turn into mush.
And honestly, the mere mention that he could just randomly fuck a woman he knew only in group, was laughable. Did Tony not know him at all?
“Wait, Tony.” Steve halted him, turning him around to look down at him again.
“Let’s get these pants off you, Cap.”
“STEVE!”
"You don't know
Steve could handle that.
It wasn’t supposed to be this way. It wasn’t Natasha that should have had to sacrifice herself.
Steve nodded, moaning against Tony’s mouth, moving his hips back to thrust them all the way back in against the other males balls.
Reaching back, he backhanded Steve across the jaw, startling the super soldier, making him sprawl across the bed.
“I mean, I’m letting it go but, all I’m saying is that it wouldn’t be
Tony, for…reasons.
In the middle of his telling of plans, Steve was slowly pulling his uniform back on, shakily clasping the buttons, doing back up the zipper.
"Fuck!" Steve yelled, little whimpers leaving his mouth now.
He couldn’t help this timeline, but he could branch out the past into something better, something more deserving of the people they had lost.
Then Pepper was there, grabbing a hold of her fiancée, shoving him against her chest, crying into his hair.
She knew Tony loved this life, he wore a smile every day.
Then, it was gone.
“So, it’s unlike you to have panic attacks, Cap. When did these pop up?” Tony questioned softly, knowing that the blonde would be hesitant in opening up about something so personal, especially with Tony himself.
Terror.
"Now, you're gonna shut your mouth and
He tensed.
“There’s a bed in there. Kind of like a guest house for those who don’t want to be housed around our craziness. Full utilities, shower, bed.” He breathed, claiming Steve’s lips again, adding a little tongue.
“I know, Tony. I understand. This was just…a one off. I, when things get cleared up with Thanos, when everyone comes back, I’m planning on passing on my shield anyway. And uh, I’ll go from there I guess.”
Strange grit his teeth, the clenching of his jaw making quite clear his annoyance towards the blonde man.
Steve bucked, almost losing his balance on the bed.
“I’m ready, please. Steve!”
Tony grew silent then, and Steve wanted to ask him to not go away!
Using the last bit of strength, Steve squeezed Tony’s hand before his dropped to the earth, lifeless.
And it was like a freight train hitting him.
“It’s a fucking crime for a man to be this attractive, do you know that Rogers?”
“Hey. Look at me. I’m not asking for anything from you, Tony. Nothing you won’t willingly give. Ever. But, when I tell you I love you, it’s not because I want you, or because I can’t have you. And it has nothing to do with me or my attributes, Tony.”
“S-Stop talking!” He gasped out, hitting his head, pulling his hair.
Tony blanched.
Letting out a wet sob, he was still clutching his hair.
Steve didn’t message her again for awhile, his own thoughts jumbled as he lay in bed, staring at his own ceiling.
Tony fidgeted then, shoving away from Steve, sitting up quickly.
. He saw all the planets, knew every equation, understood all of the World's questions. He saw the dead, felt the living, every breath that was taken, every emotion felt.
Steve looked down.
Steve blushed at his statement, but continued to roll his hips a little bit.
He pulled away from her hands gently, feeling like he had no right to touch her.
Steve nodded, smiling at the affection in the mans voice.
“But, I can’t help wanting to.” Tony mumbled against Steve’s skin, leaning down to finally claim his lips.
all those years before.
The blonde sighed, sitting down on the couch of the inner sanctum.
Shit.
Steve hummed again, teeth following the path his tongue had just traced.
However, Sam, Natasha, and even Clint seemed like they were having a great time, and that made him feel happy and less uneasy.
It made her heart soar to see them together.
Would Steve really fuck that woman?
Steve suddenly opened his eyes slowly.
“Haven’t had that in years either.” He whispered.
Pulling off entirely, Steve kissed Tony’s thighs, sucking a little hicky into the skin.
And even if he did, he’d definitely demand entrance.
“It’s been wonderful for me too, Pep.” He said, and God she wanted to believe him, truly. But, there was the same pass over his eyes that told her that he needed more.
"Tony? Did something-did something else happen? You're shaking."
And his world stopped altogether.
He failed to realize that he was grinding his very obvious hard-on into Tony’s thigh.
She saw it when she wrapped Tony in her arms, and her eyes caught the expression on Steve’s face.
Christ, he’d never felt anything like it before.
Tony was only half listening though as his palms slid up the mounds of muscle to glide over pink nipples.
Rhodey just stood there, looking at Tony sadly.
“Okay Mr. Sunshine, you saw me without one on years ago. And since then, I was adrift in space, almost starved half to death. It took awhile for me to get the meat back on my bones. Kinda…flabby in some areas.”
At that omission, Steve blanched.
that wants nothing to do with me.” Steve bit out painfully, moving away from Tony.
“No. Unfortunately we didn’t get to that part because he was putting himself back in containment, in order to flush out the mind control Hydra had put him under.” He seethed.
Steve groaned even louder.
“We saw what you did, Steve.” Natasha finally said, a little smirk tilting her lips up.
The panic attacks, now this.
Tony sneered, “Awh. Must have been awful. Did Barnes take your virginity back in those days, Rogers?”
“What have I done?” Tony murmured, a cold trickle of guilt rolling through his guts.
Clenching his eyes shut, Tony felt a spark of hatred run through him.
"You slept with Steve, didn't you?" She interrupted, not knowing nor caring where he was in his excuse.
“What do you want me to do, Tony? Huh? Be your side man? While you go back home and have dinner with your family, and still fuck Pepper on a daily basis. Not to mention be fucking me too!”
“I lied to him, for years about his parents, simply because I didn’t want-” Steve stopped talking, licking his lips, feeling his throat well up with emotion.
Tony jumped, his brown eyes following the bags trajectory course.
Nothing really happened though.
Had she seen what he was looking at before she had entered the room?
“Well, didn’t know I was that important, Cap.”
Steve hated hearing it, hated picturing Tony making love to Pepper. But, he had lost his chance, destroyed his chance with two hands.
“It’s not mainly that though, big factor, but not the only thing.”
“Take deep breaths, Captain.” Friday was saying from what seemed like miles away.
For a man of Tony’s stature, he was quite large.
It was much better this time around, Tony seemed more relaxed, and his body wasn’t fighting against Steve’s finger anymore.
“We’ll use the time stone.”
The blonde closed his eyes against the pain.
The blonde took in the words and growled.
Tony fell back a little bit, stumbling only slightly.
touching."
Pepper was on the couch when he arrived home, reading a book about farming vegetables.
Clenching his eyes shut, Steve took a deep breath in.
“Maybe you wished that woman at the party the other night would take my place a time or two, huh?”
People can't help their feelings.
Clearing his throat, Tony tried to regain his bearings, looking at his wife.
Tony swallowed, trying to choke out the proper words, but his mouth was too dry.
She had to leave at that statement.
Tony wanted to roll his eyes, but simply nodded.
Raising an eyebrow, Tony turned back to his projections, feeling suddenly very hollow.
"You'll come this way Tony, with me fucking you just like this. That's it."
While Thanos swung at Tony, he had forgotten about Steve, who was hanging like a monkey off his waist.
It took ten minutes to get Steve to a state where he could manage to give Tony complete, functional sentences.
Suddenly, Tony whipped his right arm out, calling on his nanobots in his arm to spread the gauntlet out over his forearm.
Smiling, he drug himself to the same spot that Tony had laid, gazing out towards the field.
“I know. I was-I was being stupid. I was running. I just…God, Steve. You have no idea how hard I could fall for you. It’s,
It took a second for the words to register in Tony’s brain, but when they did, they left him a little shocked.
Blue eyes crashed with brown again, and honestly, there must have been two magnets implanted in their lips, because Steve was pulling him into another kiss, this one full of heat and saliva.
To drive his statement home, Steve thrusted hard, punching gasps out of the brunette, watching as brown eyes rolled back in pleasure.
"Pep." He finally mumbled, his nostrils flaring with emotions that were starting to filter through his eyes.
“America’s ass, indeed.” He grit out, grabbing the firm flesh in front of him.
"Yeah, it was. We should engage in hate sex more often." Steve responded to his husband, wrapping his left arm around the brunettes waist.
Silence.
“Fuck. I missed you, Tash.” He said, trying to get himself back under control.
Steve said nothing.
Steve felt his face close up, lower lip trembling as he bum rushed the man, folding him so tightly into his arms, he thought he’d choke him.
And also what happened with Tony, the thought of being adrift in that massive expansion is enough to spin him into a panic attack.
“Well worth it lovey, you have an amazing backside. You know, when we first met each other, my eyes were very drawn to it.”
It could’ve been days, months, years for all Steve knew, whatever it was, it wasn’t enough.
God damnit.
The brunette just shrugged, wrapping his arms around his sternum.
He had been jealous. He knew that, he wasn’t stupid.
"You might as well just be honest." She said, shrugging halfheartedly.
Darkness washed over Tony’s features as he plucked at the nipples this time, twisting them a little bit.
Steve nodded, watching as Sam clutched Bucky’s shoulder, dark hand shaking.
“I’m in love with you, Tony. H-Have been since after Ultron. Never wanted to admit to it. Didn’t think there was a point in telling you if Pepper was in the picture. She’s great for you. Unlike me. All I’ve done is fuck things up for you. Almost…could have really hurt you in Siberia. And now, you have a beautiful daughter, and your life is there.” Steve finished, feeling his heart break within his chest.
“You gonna come big boy, hm?”
Silence.
The blonde nodded slowly, anguish settling over his features now.
“I have to fix this. Tony, he, it wasn’t meant for him to make that decision, he has a family here!”
He honestly never believed in soul mates. The thought was laughable, and he was a man that lived on
He was really glad that Morgan was as young as she was, she didn't understand why daddy had stumbled a little in his stride towards the house when he laid his eyes on Captain America after five years.
has been so good for me, right? It's been nothing but calm seas when it comes to Steve Rogers. Always there for me, not questioning me over everything. Not ever discounting my loyalty to the team. Always trusting me, telling me about my parents. Man, he did a great job with all of that."
“Why are you here, Tony?” Steve spoke, finally breaking the silence between them.
Knowing that the man was in love with him? And had been for quite awhile, apparently.
The redhead looked at him in an almost pitying way.
She was huffing at the end of that sentence, feeling the sting of tears at the back of her eyes again.
And Pepper knew, it was only a matter of time before he put back on that suit, and stood beside Steve Rogers again.
Steve bit down on a patch of skin near Tony’s nipple.
Jarvis, the AI, had helped him, guiding him through boxes and boxes of old family stuff on the bottom floor.
“Tony.” He called softly, moving to stand in front of the man.
Steve raised an eyebrow in attitude, shifting Tony’s position to a more comfortable one, spreading his cheeks again, lowering his head down and licking a stripe up his taint.
“And, what do you get, Steve?” Natasha mumbled, looking between the two men.
“No! Friday! Belay that!”
“Sir?”
Steve was done being gentle for the time being, wanting to watch Tony come undone beneath him, preferably more than once.
“Listen, I’ve been unsure of a lot of things in my life, unsure of this era, unsure of the Avengers, unsure of myself. But, there is one thing I’ve always been sure of…and that’s you, Tony.”
Steve smirked, “Well Tony, there is a thing called public nudity that I really don’t feel like participating in.”
The blonde smiled, stopping his thrusting, reaching low to grab at his cock.
there. It's not fair for me."
Steve watched as Tony closed in on himself, brown eyes guarded, lips turned in a stoic line.
It wasn’t worth it.
Which was nothing but timid smiles, and shy glances most of the time, because even being in Tony’s vicinity was enough to make his heart beat two times faster.
"I'm not sure, Pepper."
“You look even better than you did before.” Steve whispered to him, moving his head down to lick down Tony’s chest.
Steve blanched at the self-loathing he heard in Tony’s voice.
Steve smirked, leaning forward, placing his lips to Tony's ear.
When he had shown up here today, Pepper had seen it all from the window. She had seen Steve emerge from the car, looking handsome as ever, and how his eyes were immediately locked on Tony. She had seen Tony waver with Morgan when he finally saw Steve.
Silence.
“Yeah? You do?” Steve asked teasingly, grinding his hips in a circle, watching Tony’s eyes widen.
"But, I‌ know you aren't fully happy without being Iron Man."
“Tony? I know we talked earlier about you going tomorrow. But, there’s something else isn’t there?”
from space that scared the hell out of him.
Oh God, he had gone and ruined it.
Growling, he threw a punch that landed on Steve’s neck, making the Captain wince.
Steve knew that was a lie.
at this point.
The brunette shoved his hands in his pockets.
“I’m really sorry, you shouldn’t have to put up with this. Please, go back t-to bed, and if I woke up Morgan or Pepper, I’m really sorry. Friday called you without notifying me that she would.”
“W-Well, never would have figured that with Captain America. I-I half expected to find tighty wighties to be perfectly honest.”
She just stared at him.
“Tony. Come on. We both know you are your biggest critic. I’m sure you look as beautiful as you always do.”
Steve nodded, thrusting his tongue against Tony’s tightly furled hole, wedging it inside slightly.
What?
Tony’s head whipped up to Steve, eyebrows furrowing.
Fucking super soldier bullshit.
No name girl.
"Is there really nothing we can do to fix this?" He murmured, trying to hold close hope, knowing it wouldn't do anything.
Tony smiled, wide, and so beautiful.
Even an Alpaca.
Landing on a photo of Tony just in a bathing suit, Steve stroked harder, biting his lip, feeling his balls tighten beneath his shaft.
Tony didn't answer, just sat there and endured whatever Pepper threw his way.
Pepper watched that smile fall two seconds later, his eyes going to a faraway place.
She smiled, shuffling her feet.
They were both groaning, and pushing their hips into each other, biting at each others lips, breathing in the musky scent of the shed around them.
Steve crossed his arms.
She wasn’t telling him something.
Tony.
Flicking his eyes up to see the reaction he was getting from the brunette, Steve smiled at the redness that adorned Tony’s cheeks.
“Tony. Come on.” Pepper was urging him, gripping his shoulders and pulling at him.
Silence.
Infamous last words, and Tony was descending on the purple asshole right after Steve wrapped his arms around the aliens waste, uppercutting him, watching as Tony made a grab at the gauntlet, but was swatted away roughly.
Natasha made a huffing sound.
“T-Tony. I’m sorry.” He mumbled, smiling again.
But, she also knew that he needed to be needed in this world, in order to find some kind of peace. He still found himself to blame over Stark Industries weapon making, and the deaths that followed because of the dirty deals.
“Ngh. Damn. H-Haven’t done this in a while, Cap. Might need to give me a second, okay?” Tony grit out, Steve’s thick finger breaching his rim.
His vision was blurry.
“I. am. inevitable."
She wasn’t blind, it was insulting that Tony honestly thought she didn't know.
He had built his first circuit board at four. Pepper wouldn’t be surprised if she didn’t produce one soon herself.
Steve sobbed even harder at that, laughing a little bit.
Steve didn’t respond, Tony had started to move his hand up and down at a quicker pace, panting as he did so.
Until she met Steve.
So embarrassing.
Tony looked at him in silence, focusing all his attention on the blonde before him.
No matter what he did though, he was brought back to the moment Tony collapsed in a heap, Friday letting Pepper know that there was no saving her husband.
Steve glowered at him.
Falling back, he scrambled, holding the gauntlet.
But, he couldn’t help it.
Pepper just rolled her eyes and looked away.
“There’s a good lad, now, breath in for ten seconds, and out ten seconds, okay?”
“Yeah, but, I’m sure you want to be around your family right now. Pepper will be worried. Has she tried calling?”
“Shut up, Tony.”
Tony felt his stomach drop out, total mortification rolling over his entire body.
“Is everything okay?” She asked, moving her drink a little bit to the right.
“Awh, what’s wrong Rogers? Mad that it was me opening my legs for you and not her?”
Worth it.
Tony nodded, thumbing at his lip, moving over to switch on the low lamp that hung by the door.
The brunettes hands laced in his hair, humming.
“Um, I have to get started on that Iron Man upgrade.”
he held over the shorter man.
He wasn't very loud, but Pepper did not want the fight to escalate, so she walked forward and grabbed his bicep, dragging him to the front porch, quietly shutting the door behind her.
“I c-cut the wire, for you T-Tony. Couldn’t have you d-die for me. Not before I told you…I…love you.”
Right. Tony would definitely believe that.
More things that he himself had
“We’ll go as slow as you need, alright?”
Pepper had seen this only once, when Steve was staying in the tower after Shield had fallen.
“Why the fuck are you standing there?! HELP ME!” He thundered, voice breaking with full on hysteria now.
“That good, Tony?” He muttered against the bearded mans face.
“I ran into her in the kitchen this morning, rather early I might add. Didn’t know we were hosting sleeping parties at the compound now, Cap. We gonna start recruiting again, because if we are, we should add something to Monster.com, or Indeed, whichever.”
“You were sparing yourself the pain. Your friend the pain. Not me.”
Steve growled, stepping a little closer to Tony.
Steve snorted.
“Okay.” He muttered, moving back and letting the other get up.
Tony advanced on him, stopping right before he got too close.
to form, but nothing managing to come out.
my father said you’d be. You’re kind, strong, helpful, fearless, stubborn. You are…everything. Everything I loathed at that time, because I was jealous of you.”
“Don’t bring up Bucky, okay? It has nothing to do with him.”
“Tony. I-I’m, God, I’m really sorry.”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is in the middle of a very bad anxiety attack. He requires assistance.”
"You know, I was good, just fine looking the other way. I was. It's not a crime to love two people. Sometimes, you just can't help that."
Then, he was pushed.
“Fuck.” Tony hissed, whimpering.
He wondered if she could see how tight his lips had gotten around his teeth.
“Yeah, yes. Sorry, I’ve looked through so many books, and online sites today, my brain is near exploding. And, coming from a genius, that is saying a lot.”
The blonde man locked eyes with him, feeling the world continue to spin around him.
“If it gives you any kind of comfort, you are…you’ve been the only man for me, for a really long time.”
Blinking his eyes rapidly, Tony looked up at his wife, who was staring at him in concern.
Steve smirked, feeling another presence hover near him.
He knew.
“No! I can’t leave him here!” Tony sobbed, not letting go of the blonde’s kevlar suit.
“Y-Yeah, me too.”
Steve glared harder, gritting his teeth.
An hour later, after falling into a light doze, a banging on his door brought his head up.
what I give you."
“With her? But, somebody else, right?”
And that thought made him want to be sick.
“Friday. Shut everything down, I’m going to bed.”
"And how do you feel about that?"
And not well.
“Hey. Look at me, Cap.”
“Well. I guess I’ll be shirking out money for a new workout room.” Tony joked halfheartedly a few minutes later.
He knew Pepper was there, but, her hand was on Tony’s shoulder, purple fingers trembling, trying to give the smaller man strength.
“Well, can’t say I’m honestly that surprised. Took longer than I expected, but hey, what are you gonna do?”
up everything you touched. Like, I was powerless at being pulled into your light, Steve.” Tony gasped out, a tear rolling down his cheek.
Sitting up, he put his head in his hands, taking a deep breath, trying to steer the looming panic attack.
Horrible
, to get to him.
"Yes, okay, I know! I'm sorry, Pepper. I'm sorry I fucked up, I'm sorry that you-that you have to put up with my bullshit, okay? I'm sorry!"
“I’m going to bed Tony, I was only curious. I’m happy, you know? These years of just having you around have been wonderful. You know that right?”
"It was too late for that a long time ago, Tony. I‌ should've known better. I knew, I knew you were hung up on him."
Steve wanted to snicker at that, but decided against it, getting fully into his current task.
Yeah, that’d be just swell explaining to Pepper.
Silence.
Anguish.
"That's not true, it's not."
This wouldn’t help him.
He couldn’t help it.
"I could have lived with that, Tony. But, how am I‌ supposed to do that, when you're sleeping with him as well?"
, we just don’t fit the way you do with him."
“Hey.” He said gently, cupping Tony’s face, moving his eyes to meet Steve’s.
His manhood slid deeper inside Tony, the brunette gasping, shaking his head back and forth, the intense pleasure rocketing so hard through him, he had to clutch onto the super soldiers shoulders, nails biting into pale flesh.
Feeling hands pat his back in comfort, his body wracked with sobs, murmuring apologies into her hair, closing his eyes to her familiar scent.
“I cheated on my wife, Steve!” He yelled in the blonde’s face, stopping his struggling to crumble beneath the other man.
She had figured it out when Tony had gotten back from space, when Steve darted past everybody to be by Tony’s side. When he clutched the rail thin man to his side as if he’d disappear, like everyone else had.
"I do-sigh- I do love him, you're right. But, I do not love him more than you. I don't."
Steve was trembling, heat bursting up his spine as Tony's fingers and tight hole wrenched him into orgasm.
Who was he to even think romantic things about Tony Stark? The man he had beaten brutally, the man he lied to.
“Best Italian I’ve ever eaten. Thank you for bringing me here, Tony.” Steve said, watching the brunette in the low lamp light of the restaurant, smiling softly.
Turning to leave, Pepper stopped at the doorway.
And…ow.
“Not done with you yet, Tony.” He gasped, grabbing Tony’s dick, stroking it, watching as the man squirmed, fucking him even harder, their sweat soaked skin causing more heat between them.
Hooking his arm up, he fit both hands over Thanos arm and pulled, screaming as he did so.
“Of course that’s not what I want! I want-fuck! I want…” But he didn’t finish, putting his head in his hand, scrubbing viciously at his forehead.
Sobbing even harder, he shoved his knuckles into his eyes, trying to hold himself together as best he could.
Steve leaned up a little then, tucking in his feet under Tony’s thighs, giving his hips a little leverage to really start moving inside the other man.
His heart was thudding so hard now, he was sure she could probably see it. Even in the shitty lamp light.
The blonde nodded, rising up on his hands beside Tony’s head, thrusting his hips fully in, sheathing himself completely.
“Shit. Tony. I have to tell you. When I saw your new bleeding edge armor, Oh Christ, that night I laid in my bed and jerked off twice.”
He nodded, smiling, little speckles of terror at what she was going to say behind his gaze.
as you
Steve continued, “We both know it's not true, and we both know it was between Tony and me.”
“I’m going to stay with her, Steve.” The brunette muttered, feeling his heart ache at the look on the super soldiers face.
Tony was beautiful, so much larger than life. He deserved way better than what Steve could offer.
Sighing soundly, Tony shrugged, gripping the hem of his shirt and tugging it off.
Steve was done.
Steve’s eyes widened.
The feelings of jealousy halted, and Pepper stood up, smoothing out her flannel night shirt.
"Right. ‌Because
“Can you come like this, Tony? With just my dick inside you, rubbing against your hot, tight walls, huh?”
Idea.
“What? Can’t fight me if Barnes isn’t beside you, Rogers? Is what I’m saying sitting a sore spot for you? It must hurt to know that you and your boyfriend broke me do-.”
was here at all, never mind the fact she spent the night.
"I never wanted this to happen. I‌ enjoy our life the way it is, Pepper." He said, trying to find the words that might make her change her mind.
“I have to tell her what happened.” Tony whispered, stopping his pacing.
Suddenly, there was whirling vortexes around Steve, and he winced at the wind that whipped around his form.
“Yeah, you like that, huh? Hearin me talk dirty to ya.”
Shaking his head, Tony felt his shoulders hunch in, watching as Pepper wiped more tears off her face.
Steve nodded, agreeing with the sentiment, leaning completely up to claim Tony’s lips, humping his hips into the man below him, feeling the sweat start to drip off his forehead, watching as sweat dripped off Tony’s brow as well.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about?” Steve managed to say, wholly confused at what Tony meant.
Tony had, but dismissed it, thinking it was just a hallucination.
“Captain. I can tell sir you’re not feeling well, if you don’t wish to speak to him right now.”
When he had arrived at the lake house, Tony had been carrying Morgan, gliding inside to eat lunch with Pepper.
Steve looked pointedly at him, not finding him funny in the least.
Silence.
Oh Jesus.
It wasn’t unpleasant, not at all. Tony took good care of himself, he had absolutely no hair around his anus, and very little around his cock.
Which worked.
Steve got his bearings, wiping at his mouth, some blood coming away.
Crap.
Tony eyed her in speculation, but nodded his head towards her question.
Is this what it felt like for Tony? God, he could feel
Letting go suddenly, he turned his back on the brunette, “You need to apologize, Tony.” He grated out, before leaving in a hurry.
Silence.
Stopping just short of the swirling mass, he turned to the man.
Tony glared up at him, feeling the anger climb up his throat now.
Looking back down, Steve watched as Tony’s hole took him in and let him go, the sound reverberating through the room as Steve’s balls slapped against the other mans perineum.
Tony…is this what Tony went through?
He felt like he did before he got the serum. Tiny and insignificant.
“Ease up, big guy. I’m okay. It’s okay.”
The blonde sucked a little bit at the head, then brought his mouth down to take the rest to the back of his throat.
Sighing, Steve sat up.
Morgan sniggered beside her father, and Pepper fondly rolled her eyes.
“You have to take deep breaths Steve, I know it’s easier said than done, but you have to do it.”
The brunette called on more of the suit, only having his forearms covered, and he grabbed Steve’s hands as they came at him once again.
The blonde man didn’t revel in the hurt that went through his heart.
Steve’s eyes widened.
Watery, blue eyes clashed with his, and Tony felt his heart clench in pain.
Tony was even more beautiful then what Steve had saw before.
The brunette raised an eyebrow, feeling his annoyance and jealousy grow stronger.
She had tried to call him, numerous times.
Wide brown eyes clashed with his, and Tony swiftly turned his head away.
“No!”
Tony rolled his eyes.
“Oh my God, this is so fucked up.” Tony said, rubbing at his eyes furiously.
Sighing, Steve shoved a pillow over his face, his fingers tingling from touching Tony’s arm today.
Pepper looked up, a little surprised at what he had just said.
Jesus, could this man kiss.
Pepper smiled timidly, and shrugged.
The blonde finally got what he was looking for, and turned back to the other man, a smirk on his face.
Damnit.
He needed to keep his distance.
“Tony?” Pepper questioned him, snapping him out of his thoughts at the table.
“If you make me fall off the bed, I’ll make you regret it, Tony.”
Steve wasn’t staying down though, moving his leg up to throw Tony off of his person.
“When I first met Tony Stark, we talked about who could find Vision, who was the one person who could. And he said, Steve Rogers.”
“Steve!” He heard the anguished yell, red and gold landing in front of him.
Exactly what Steve had wanted.
Tony felt an icy pick hit his stomach.
Steve slammed his eyes shut against the images that flew to the forefront of his mind.
“The room is spinning, Tony.” He got out, wanting to rip his hair out of his head.
He stopped talking, taking a deep breath.
Silence.
“Tell
“Jarvis’s old recipe?”
Reaching up, he drug his thumb down Tony’s cheek, feeling the man stiffen.
God, of course he was. Who wouldn’t? After everything he had been through.
Laughing lightly, Tony looked the picture over again, his chest squeezing at the stoic expression on Steve’s face getting out of that sheek, black car.
“Ok.”
Tony watched his wife walk away, feeling as if he had missed something.
Tony said nothing, just flinched lightly.
“No.”
Silence.
And the first one he’d seen was Steve. And damn, the years, no matter how bleak, were good to him.
Standing on shaky feet, folding her arms, she moved to stand in front of their fireplace, listening to the house’s creaks and groans, the sounds loud in her ears.
Lasagna.
“Getting Mr. Stark on the line, sir.”
failed at saving everybody. I have to move on from everything that’s happened, through deaths that I couldn’t stop because, because why, Tony!?” Steve shouted, grabbing a lone weight bench now, and throwing it across the room.
“Tony! Stop! I don’t-don’t wanna fight you anymore! Stop!”
“By all means, don’t let saving the world stop you, Cap. I mean, we can all halt this process in order for Captain America to get his dick wet.”
, and hope it works.”
If Clint was wearing his hearing aids, he would have been startled to realise that they had stuttered back into perfect working order seemingly without any outside intervention.
Anthony wasn’t sure where ‘here’ was, only that it was ‘here’, and there were other places, but this was where he needed to stay.
A man came to see him, just as Anthony was marvelling at the morning sun.
, etched into the stars.
Steve spotted a town in the distance and picked up pace, a sense of urgency driving him despite the echoing reminder in the back of his head that
Bucky rose to his elbows, eyes narrowed. Tony was hiding something. “’Course I do. ‘S been pretty lonely down here.”
“Is that true?” Carol asked Bucky. He hesitated, as though about to say something. Strange’s thumb dug even deeper into his shoulder, though, so he simply nodded slowly.
Echoed faintly through his mind, and it took it several seconds to understand that they were asking it a question. The person - the one with blond hair and blue eyes that the angel was somehow infinitely happy to see - was holding something, holding it out, close to the angels face, eyes closed, face twisted up in some kind of emotion that the angel didn’t recognise but still hated. A strange mixture of hope and desperation. Despair.
Tony slid his notebook toward him, already sketching out ideas, and Bruce settled into the comforting haze of work.
The crack was small. Miniscule. But if he took the ridiculous-looking instrument he’d managed to cobble together and prised it open-
He was out of options.
The woman looked at Bucky for the first time, assessing. “… No,” she said. “I’d seen the prince before, I suppose. Everyone has. He moved differently The Winter Soldier was… he was stiff. He moved almost like a puppet.” She hesitated. “The arm, though. I could never forget that arm.”
Tony was there, facing away from him and perfectly still.
. In the middle of it Bucky still kneeled, seemingly numb to Carol stepping forward to remove his chains and pull him to his feet. Steve was swept into a tide of blessed relief and launched out of the throne, pulling the crown from his head, yelling over the chaos before he could think twice about what he was going to say. “James Buchanan Barnes is the rightful heir to the throne!” he yelled, the noise only barely subsiding when the people registered that he was speaking. “I was never meant to be king, and only took the role when it was thought that Bucky died. Since our prince has returned, and is clearly innocent, I hereby abdicate and return the crown to its rightful owner.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighed, and breathed Tony’s scent in - machinery and fire and oil. “What.”
He forced his body to appear to still be sleeping
Tony nodded. The device in his lap beeped and they both glanced down at the number 697 flashing on its screen. Tony’s hand shook. “More than I thought,” Tony breathed. “This is going to hurt.”
“No, Steve, I mean, Your Highness, this is all a big misunderstanding-”
No. Instead the hearing aids sat in Clint’s nightstand, where he’d abandoned them, entirely useless but working
“I am not going to force innocent people to become unwilling soldiers,” Steve sighed. “We have volunteers, and they will have to be enough. I’m not going to force innocent people to fight and die in a war they didn’t seek out.”
, Steve thought.
Tony shook his head, clenching his hair between his fingers. His shoulders hitched. “I’m dead. I should be dead.”
If that was the end, what was this?
Blue eyes flickered toward him and Anthony froze. And then those eyes closed, and the stranger’s face was openly trusting, and Anthony didn’t know what to say.
Six hours since Tony had fallen.
that it was the central hive mind, or that there was a central mind controlling
She should have been overjoyed. She should have immediately sighed with relief. Instead, she shoved her pile of paper into his hands and marched through the door to her office, not bothering to hold the door open for him to follow.
It looks so perfect, every lock of hair perfectly curled in smooth grey stone, but the sick feeling that has been growing low in Steve’s stomach is threatening to overtake him. It was too still. Tony Stark was never this still. It stared through hooded eyes, a look of misery forever frozen on its face, and Steve wants nothing more than to see those features smile again.
“Oh.”
Bruce flinched. “I’m sorry, Tony.”
Steve frowned. “I haven’t seen you sign in a long time.”
Tony could move, could think, for the first time in
He tried again, but the blow was too weak. The shield clacked harmlessly from the core’s casing.
… Back? To life?
They were always the same, you see; they may move around with each other, but they were perpetually
Steve could feel the blush that spread across his cheeks and down his neck. “I’ll be sure to give you some, uh, warning.” he offered. “Next time. If I must.”
It had been three days since the battle had been won. Three days since the portal died. Three days since-
You should definitely
Bruce handed it to her and shrugged. “Test it yourself. With your guards. Anybody. Jane has the most recent records here for you to reference, if you’d like. I think you’ll find it’s perfectly accurate every time.”
“I love you,” Steve says, eyes marvelling at how Tony is
- 'specially neuro ones. I haven't been able to write a word for AGES.
This time, however, it bounced exactly the way Tony had planned, soaring toward the target and leaving a deep dent at the bullseye. Steve caught it as it flew back toward him.
Then he started to walk.
What did this all have to do with Stark?
“WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?”
Steve woke to silence.
He coughed, frowning, and tried to sit up, but immediately slumped back to the ground when a wave of vertigo slammed into him. There were dead Chitauri around him, scattered wide across the battlefield, Marvel soldiers picking their way between them and checking for any signs of life. He tried to call for help, but he couldn’t hear his own voice over the ringing in his ears.
He had just been about to ask Tony about himself, but the bell rang as a gaggle of schoolgirls flooded into the room and he had to jump up to serve them.
the kid was - but he seemed entirely harmless and keen to serve his king. He didn’t seem to be the mysterious Iron man figure those webs were meant to come from.
When Civil War happened, Tony was cracking to pieces every time he got into an argument with the man. Every piercing word, every dirty look made him want to fall apart.
He had no right feeling that way at all.
Leaning forward more, Steve bent Tony almost in half, planting his hands beside Tony's head, now thrusting with feet and hips, rolling his pelvis in circles.
“Whatever you want to do. I can be there when you tell her. I-I don’t know how I’ll contribute? Maybe she’ll want to get a hit in or something?” Steve tried to joke, the line falling flat.
Pulling back, in one go, he smashed his fist against the bag, watching in near glee, as it flew off the chain and smashed into the opposite wall.
Tony felt his eyebrow twitch.
Tony though, felt his mouth open and close a couple times, words
At that, Steve walked out, slamming the door behind him.
Steve felt his stomach drop, Tony’s telling of previous sexual partners making him a little uncomfortable.
Tony just stared, trying to block out the many nights he laid on his bedroom floor, drinking himself into a stupor, Captain America's shield tucked away in the corner, staring at him as he fell into the abyss.
“Oh Christ!” Tony yelled, keeping his eyes firmly shut.
“Oh shit.” Tony groaned, his right hand leaving the bedding to tangle in Steve’s long tresses.
Tony winced.
Tony was sitting in the compound dining room, flicking automations on opposite walls, rolling his eyes at some of the research he was looking at.
Oh God, this was so wrong.
“Tony.” Steve started, feeling everything get shaky.
Steve nodded, his thumb now tracing the mans goatee.
He didn’t want to do this. He wasn’t going to fight Steve again. The other man was drowning in grief, rolling around in his anger.
Steve blocked an oncoming blow, moving to shove Tony off of him.
“No. But she wants too. I can tell. I mean, why not? She’s attractive, you’re the epitome of human perfection. Bumping uglies wouldn’t be so terrible now would it?”
Pulling out his fingers gently, Steve laid over the other man, kissing along his jaw, through his goatee and across his cheeks.
When the hand landed on his shoulder, Tony reacted.
Tony leveled him with a look that said ‘I don’t believe you.’
“Hey. Get your ass up here.” Tony mumbled, his cock still rock hard with arousal, twitching beside the blondes face.
“Well, it’s not, so let it go. Now.”
Shaking her head, she banished that memory. It had made her miserable for a week afterwards. She had done the rather...childish thing and had ignored Tony for a bit.
And at that statement, he rolled his eyes, pushing himself further away from her.
Of course not.
Steve didn’t say anything as red flooded his face and his lips took on a pinched expression.
“Why are you asking me that?” He responded.
The blonde complied, dousing Tony’s hole, listening to the man hiss because it wasn’t exactly warm.
His heart stopped at the sight of her.
“Destiny? Bullshit.”
Tony wasn’t gentle that night either, he was rough, almost animalistic in their love making.
Deep in his stomach, guilt shot through like a lightening strike, but God alive, he could not
“Please Steve, stop teasing.” Tony groaned, lifting his hips.
Steve moved his head up and down a few times, twirling his tongue around the tip every time he moved up, drawing gasps and moans from the man above him. Pulling back, he spit in his hand and started to stroke the base of Tony’s dick while he sucked halfway down.
Steve just raised a blonde eyebrow, grabbing at Tony’s shirt now.
"Allowing me? Face it Rogers, this spoiled,
“No. Don’t want you to stop. Continue, God please.”
Silence.
Because he was grieving as well, and he was tired of holding it all in.
He was the smartest man Steve had ever met, miles above Howard.
Tony himself had his eyes firmly shut, panting raggedly as he arched off the bed, grunting at the pleasure that shot down his spine.
“Tony. Tony. Wait.” Steve gasped, pulling away from him, staring down at the wide doe eyes.
“I thought it was enough. She’s an amazing woman. I just-fuck!” He yelled, getting up off the bed, pacing around.
Many times, when he was passed out at his bench in the workshop, after the war between him and Steve, she would find him clutching that flip phone to his chest, his eyebrows furrowed.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, taking a deep breath in.
The older male was talking a mile a minute, having Friday scan Steve’s vitals.
“Tony. I only want to make you happy. That’s all I ever want to do. When I say nice things to you, or when I touch you like this.”
It was erotic, yet so painful. Because he knew, he knew that Tony was fully out of reach now, and that was…
"You think that's any better, Tony? Huh? I'm supposed to be-what-
The brunette froze, hanging his head low.
When his image had faded out, Steve choked on a sob working its way up his throat, emotions that he was trying to shove back coming to the forefront.
Pepper though, just shook her head.
“My father gave up my childhood to constantly search for you, and how do you repay him? By keeping the guy who murdered him under lock and key the whole time?!”
“You are
“Christ.” Tony bit out, whimpering at what Steve had said.
The brunette only smiled, running his fingers over Steve’s ass again.
Tony threw up his hands.
Just barely, but he still managed it.
Well, that answers that.
Tony shut his eyes, rolling his shoulders.
A small part of her hated Steve.
Steve kept his hips rolling, eyes never leaving Starks face, taking his pleasure, and giving it back tenfold.
What?
She was actually quite cute, brunette, short, a little stocky, but had a killer smile and twinkling eyes.
Pepper just shook her head, taking in a breath.
Steve clenched his fists.
“Steve. I’m really close. Please.”
Silence.
Said man whipped his eyes to the left, jerking his head at the words, as if he’d been physically struck.
Carol stepped up to the throne and waved the crowd into silence.
btw: I know
A hush settled across the room as a woman moved toward the centre of the room, twisting the edge of her coat in her hands. Steve could see the moment she braced herself, the way she drew up her shoulders and straightened her spine as though to draw her strength inwards.
“Jane Foster, you
“You have responsibilities.”
“I didn’t mean it,” he whispered, pressing the words into Tony’s neck, right over where his pulse should have been. “I’m sorry. I didn’t know.”
A tear splashed onto Tony’s cheek.
Tony dropped his hand like it burned him and sprawled backward, gasping.
Bruce smiled, though it didn’t reach his eyes. “I destroyed them.”
“… Very well,” Carol continued, eyes narrowed at the audience, who had began to stir again. “Prosecution?”
One of Bucky’s guards raised a hand. “Uh. That magic arm, Captain. We was sayin’ yesterday - he’s not used it once since we arrested him. Seems like he can’t even move the thing.”
The large majority of them were quickly constructed, mostly out of material that just happened to be lying around, because the sheer number of things Tony and Bruce needed in their workshop was constantly growing. The volume had long since overwhelmed the already generous store-room in the back corner. Tony had built the new shelves as they needed them, slowly expanding them until half the walls could barely be seen behind the collection of gadgets and bottles and metal scraps waiting to be used. There were hundreds of half-finished projects buried in the mess, things Tony had started building in the middle of one of his fever dreams and forgotten about when a new, more important task came up.
like a little warning.”
The sky outside was only just touching the golden hour, the light tinted blue and gold, and Tony was back.
“We also have a device that can measure a person’s magic capacity,” Strange continued. Behind them Bruce started and awkwardly fumbled a little black box out of his jacket pocket. “I propose that we scan his kill count and simply compare it to the university records of Barnes’ kills prior to his kidnapping. A simple, objective solution - don’t you think?”
He wanted to
“I just… I don’t know which one. I was so sure I destroyed everything, Bruce. How do I built adequate defences against Hydra’s coming attack if I don’t know what it will be?”
. It’d been three days, three entire days since Steve’s future was stolen from him, and he could feel the stone beginning to solidify around him. His mind was still aware - but it didn’t matter anymore.
(See the end of the chapter for
He breathed in. Out. Narrowed his eyes. Focused on the target, brought his arm back, and finally let it fly-
The excitement and hope that washed over the stranger’s face were strangely intoxicating, and Anthony felt a fluttering in his empty chest. “But I don’t know… where” he finished, distracted by the tingling under his skin.
He had met Steve before?
There was a gap in customers, and he picked up his sketchbook from its usual home in the back room, and sat down to sketch.
“They could retro-engineer it-”
The reaction was instantaneous. All the Chitauri, as one, turned to look at where the portal had been. Steve was spotted, and at least a dozen Chitauri launched themselves in the King’s direction.
“So do you.”
Carol’s shoulders were stiff, and Steve realised he recognised this story. Carol had been furious that one of her finest had been cut down with nobody to support her, had channeled her pain and feelings of failure into ruthlessly chasing down the culprit. They’d changed the way patrols were run, after this case. Two guards, together, at all times.
His eyes landed on the shield, glinting innocently where it had fallen after Steve’s last throw went astray.
“Did you ever find one?”
Tony’s eyes met his. A tear slipped from one of them. Tony tried to speak again, and Steve leaned down to listen, but couldn’t hear anything.
His breath hitched, and he realised it wasn’t all over.
“I never found any from you.”
Then he was knocked off his feet, slamming into the mud with three Chitauri atop him. He struggled with them, pressing his palms into one of their skulls and firing before throwing it off and lunging for the next. By the time he’d somehow scrambled to his feet he turned to find Steve was gone, and for a moment Tony’s heart stuttered to a stop.
Steve raised an eyebrow, but said nothing, content to let Tony respond himself. The inventor flashed a brilliant smile and put a box on the table in front of him with a flourish. “I think you’ll find Marvel needs technology that actually
“The artefact,” the man whispered, and somehow the name ‘Steve’ floated into Anthony’s - Tony’s? - head. The man’s breath brushed over Tony’s lips, and he wondered what it was like to breathe. “You know where it is. Please. Describe it. Tell me where it is, or what it looks like, or how we can find it. Anything.”
to make sure I’m dead in the ground - which he almost managed, rightfully so, until you decided to fuck it all up!”
“-And so we need defences. I mean, I know you and I have been working on this for a while, and we technically have the upper hand here, but we have to get on top of this. We need to make sure they can’t get anywhere near us-”
I'm already at 15k words, if you count plotting and snippets of future chapters
He didn’t really realise he was drawing the man in the corner until he looked up, trying to compare the way the guy’s hand was clutched possessively around his cup. He coughed, and tried to busy himself around the coffee machine, hoping he hadn’t been caught.
Jane held up her box with a grin.
Eyes fell shut. Steve was waiting for an answer, so Tony gave him one. “I’m sorry.”
annoyed.”
Steve chuckled and gave up, sliding his feet to the ground and sitting up. Through the eastern window he could see clouds just beginning to be tinged with gold. The street beyond the Stark Estate was still quiet. Only a handful of shadows moved in the early grey light - early risers getting up to greet the day.
Tony could see the moment she realised what he wasn’t saying.
Anyway, come: let's play "Spot the foreshadowing!"
He wrapped the canvas in brown paper and set it against the door, ready to take to the exhibition the next day, his heart hammering in his chest.
Steve whispered. He moved to brush the tear away with his thumb. His hands were covered in blood, leaving a streak of red in the wake of his thumb on Tony’s collarbone. He choked on a shuddering breath. “Come back-”
He didn’t remember why.
. But apparently I missed something, and it
“I resurrected you.”
Bucky’s mouth opened, but snapped shut when Strange reached his side and settled a hand on his shoulder. Steve noticed, oddly, that the wizard’s knuckles were white - as though his fingers were digging into the prince’s shoulder hard enough to hurt.
It was a week before their spies caught Hydra at the border.
He tore his shirt open and scrabbled at the casing. The core ejected with a soft click. The change was immediate; the moment the crystal was unseated Tony felt the full force of his magic slam into him. It was too much, for a moment, and he was simply caught up in the sensation of coming apart at the seams. Without the core syphoning off the excess magic he was too weak to control it anymore, to keep the light and heat from searing through his blackened veins, to stop a supernatural whirlwind from stirring up around him. With shaking hands, he reached through the portal and let the reactor rest, peacefully, against the side of the gigantic hive mind on the other side.
The man looked a wreck.
Beautiful.
Of course, that’s what this whole thing was about. Why didn’t Steve see it?
That’s it.
“I’ve never been good at showing how I feel towards someone, Tony.”
Steve hums, shoving the uniform off the bed, leaning back over Tony’s stunned form.
Tony shook his head.
Over time, she just swallowed it, and shoved it back in her heart. Chances were, Steve would not come back, and she wouldn’t have to worry about Tony looking at him like he hung the moon.
Tony snapped his head up to her, getting a little aggravated at her accusatory tone.
“You’re an idiot, you know?” The brunette muttered to Steve, drawing a line down his spine.
Steve didn’t say anything, just went to work, clutching Tony’s thighs to his chest as he devoured his flesh, humming around the slight musky taste.
“I think I’m going to go.”
“He didn’t want to involve you, yet he carried that absurd flip phone around with him everywhere. I daresay he even had it when he was running with his fiancee, Ms. Potts.”
Clint gave him a small apologetic smile. He was sitting against the wall of the target range, bow laid across his lap and handfuls of torn-up grass littered around him. He’d been here for a while, it seemed. “That didn’t work so well last time I saw you try it.”
“I really,
Steve smiled, his chest hollow, and thanked her.
Tony covered his hand with his own. “Little bit weird, yeah,” he told him. “But I get enough people taking pictures of me that I don’t really mind. In fact, it was a nice break from the usual.”
The man’s face fell. A long moment of silence stretched between them, while Tony stared at the strangers face and wondered why it was so familiar; why he so desperately wanted to reach out and caress it, why he felt a strange ache beneath his skin that he just knew would vanish if he could only touch the stranger’s face for a moment.
You know this was meant to be a one-shot?
That night, Tony experimented.
“I’m trying, Tony, you know I am-”
“Present.”
“You are the one bright star in this entire Academy and I promise you I will mount Hammer’s head on a stick if you do me
“Ah, well.” A chuckle. “I was never actually dead, was I? Let’s see-” Bucky searched the stars for a moment. A breeze stirred the grass at their feet. “Look. Right there. See it?”
Steve got sick.
He stifled a coughing fit and pulled the sketchbook closer, propping his head up on his pillow and trying to arrange himself comfortably enough that he could still sketch lying down.
“I’m looking for an artist,” Tony told him, his eyes warm in the early morning light. “I heard there was a pretty decent one here. Turns out I’m an attention whore who really likes being a life model and I’m thinking of taking it up as a career.”
He went to the front of the Chapel to stare out at the rush of traffic; there, he closed himself off, let the curse take over him, surrendered to the cold embrace of nothing, and finally went still.
The other victims did the same, before they became solid statues entirely. Before they crumbled to dust.
The pacing man had a hand pressed to his mouth, another hugging his stomach, eyes red rimmed and puffy but fiercely determined, and the angel loved them.
He sighed, giving up for the day. There was no point pushing it. He put it with the others - the growing pile of works that were missing the
A pause. “No.”
Steve was too mortified to reply, and Bruce’s friendly amusement turned to concern as he swept up the last of the broken ceramic. “What’s wrong?”
she texted back.
“Of course.”
It was perfect, and if Tony could feel anything other than the blinding heat building beneath his skin he was sure he would be laughing.
(Thanks to my amazing betas Dragonlover44 and HadesPuppy for being so helpful and patient!)
Steve had wanted to speak to Bucky, but the prince had been placed back under guard with only Strange allowed in to see him. Steve’d heard some kind of muffled argument filtering through the door where the guards had held him at bay, but couldn’t understand a word of it. The sorcerer must have been muffling all noise.
The team visited the chapel. They found Steve’s phone where it had buzzed and beeped for the past few days, calls going unanswered until finally they realised something must be wrong and turned up in person to investigate. The team was worried, and they asked him questions, but Tony didn’t so much as blink when they close their eyes for his reply. He didn’t know if he
, before he crashed to his knees.
Steve started. “But- the device Strange had-”
“I… remember,” he said, and was vaguely aware that his voice sounded wrong; like the wind whispering past stone buildings. “The artefact.”
, Tony’s mind supplied, and everything clicked into place.
He examined the man’s face, trying to pinpoint what exactly drew him in, but all he saw was open honesty and a strange expression of
“Tony?”
The jeans were still there, a week later. The boot stayed at least a month. Every time he saw them he was overwhelmed by a rush of renewed agony, but he left them there, never quite sure whether it's a unique form of punishment he's forcing himself through or if it's a tribute to his lover.
“I, uh-“ Steve flushed, embarrassed. “Hi.”
Steve’s eyes fluttered shut. A sigh slipped past chapped lips. When he looked up again, Tony was already on the other side of the room, a sick feeling sitting low in the base of his belly, and wasn’t that odd? Normally he felt nothing.
It was Tony’s fault.
If Clint saw the guilt in Steve’s eyes, he didn’t acknowledge it. “Trial’s starting soon,” the archer said. “Time to go.”
“Erm,” Strange said, an odd expression flickering across his face for the barest of moments. “Yes. I removed it myself. Every trace.”
Bruce waited for the argument he knew was coming, faintly worried that the Monster would make an appearance if it got out of hand. Hell, he half expected Tony to attempt to throttle him.
laugh ringing through his ears, a smart-assed comment waiting on his lips for Steve to swallow with a kiss.
(See the end of the chapter for
He just threw Steve through time and space.
“Steve.”
"I know," Anthony says, though he isn't entirely sure why.
Steve chuckled. “… I wish,” he muttered.
He broke off, choking. He raised shaking hands to his chest - to the blade that had been driven straight through him from behind.
. “The prince took back his throne once I cleared his name. I suspect Captain Rogers has resumed his previous post by now.”
The smile he got back was warm and almost sultry. Something fluttered in Steve’s chest.
“Something wrong, Barton?”
- the tesseract crumbled apart like sand, leaving a brightly glowing crystal in its wake. Strange set his tool down in surprise.
“Oh, so you magically just happened to stumble across one exactly when you needed one. Right.”
a weapon. But it’s not
things wrong with everything you just said. He’s not the king, for one.”
“Tony?”
There was a hole in Tony’s chest, exactly where he was meant to do compressions, and Steve choked back a sob, hands hovering. “Tell me what to do!” he begged. “What do I do!? How do I fix this!?”
“Remember what?”
, when he set out to find a way to break the damn thing open, but the fact that he still had his carefully sculpted goatee was a wild success on its own.
Steve opened his arms, and closed his eyes, and waited for a rescue he knew would never come.
Carol nodded, ignoring the murmur that rippled through the room as she glanced at her notes. “Do any here wish to represent the accused in his defence?”
Jane threw herself into her favourite office chair and glared at her desk - or at least what she could see of it through the scattered mess of paper and books. Far too many books. “Hammer,” she hissed out, as Tony followed her into the room and gently shut the door behind them, “Is a
He stopped, and stabbed a finger in her direction. “Unfair.”
He turned it over, inspecting it for the hundredth time for faults, knowing he would find none.
This had happened hundreds of times, in battles past. Each time it’d been executed with breathtaking precision; Iron Man had always been close enough to catch him as he fell, and he had only needed to open his arms, ready and waiting for warm, secure metal to wrap itself around his waist and fit itself perfectly into the curve of him. Tony would do some kind of theatrical, unnecessary manoeuvre that would set Steve whooping with inappropriate glee at the absolute freedom that came with sailing through the air together, and when they landed they would share a brief kiss before leaping back into the fray.
Tony gripped his wrist in his other hand as he finally looked up. His eyes were desperate. “If I could fly, I would help them. Wouldn’t you want to use your magic to help them?”
Tony waved a hand, as though brushing the conversation aside. “Don’t worry about it, we’ve gotta get to work. Have you still got those notes on radiation?”
Steve offered a weak smile, and said he’d think about it.
The target range was empty. It was partially a blessing, knowing that nobody was around to witness him breaking, but it was also a curse. His constant urge to be busy, to help with the reconstruction, with the return of refugee citizens, to constantly
Bucky had told Steve to leave and take some time on his own that morning, but Steve still felt a stab of regret and shame as his best friend was led into the throne room in chains and made to kneel in the centre of the room.
Battles were always hard, though, because for all that they were cathartic they built a tension in him that he struggled to release. In the past Tony had always known the exact thing Steve needed, even mid-battle, to help him blow off a little steam. But Tony wasn't there, and the others didn't know how to help, so the tension built, and he could only think of one way to find relief.
“And you removed this controlling spell yourself?”
“HE’S GUILTY,” a man roared, launching to his feet in the front of the gallery. Guards immediately raised their weapons. “THAT BASTARD KILLED MY FRIEND, AND-”
The cup Steve had been washing shattered against the tiles, and the few customers they had swivelled to look. “He said
It was perfect.
Tony smiled, closing his eyes
Tony nodded, clearing his throat and sitting further up in his chair.
Closing his eyes, he breathed out a heavy sigh. Was he really so pathetic that merely touching this man made him horny?
That voice.
Steve thought he was beautiful?
The first few times, Pepper wanted to confront him. She wanted to understand his reasoning behind keeping that stupid phone by his side 24/7, but she had known. She just wanted the anger to lean on.
fault.”
He didn’t look at Steve.
“Big day tomorrow. Adorning that glove, thought you’d want to get some sleep. After the day we've had…we all need it.” Tony murmured, closing the distance between the two of them.
Strange reached over and grabbed his tea cup, taking a long sip.
Steve growled, rolling his hips roughly, making Tony squeak, the roughness of the thrust moving him up the bed a little bit.
Steve panted, collapsing on top of Tony, careful not to lay his full weight on the man.
Steve chuckled, shoving away from Tony, straddling his lap.
Steve narrowed his eyes, walking towards his final destination.
Rubbing his temples, he looked around the room again.
“But, if it were the right time. You would?”
Tony looked at her, watching as she wiped at her eyes again.
“Hey. No need to get so frustrated, she was cute, you seemed interested, is it really so wrong if there’s something between the both of you?”
“Cap!”
Fine. He wanted this, he’d get it.
Hurts even more now, knowing that Steve feels the same towards her husband.
“I’m coming, fuck, coming.” Tony managed to get out, his back arching as Steve tensed up, his hips thrashing against Tony’s bubbly ass.
Pepper raised an eyebrow.
“I figured, considering you made me a suit that complimented my butt very well.” He growled, moving back on top of Tony, pushing his legs apart.
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony moaned, his hands reaching out to grasp Steve’s ass as his hips humped roughly into him, his ankle sliding off Steve’s shoulder.
“Wow. What smells so good?”
that you love us both the same? I'm your
“I can’t. I can’t.” He was huffing out, harsh sobs shaking his chest.
"Did you not
Reaching out, he drew the button out of the clasp, hooking his fingers inside the jeans, and boxers, shoving them both off with one quick yank.
Steve sighed, closing his eyes.
“Eh, no problem. I brought a super model here once, she loved it too. Well, I suppose she did, if her performance afterward was anything to go by.”
Silence.
“I guess it’s
Fuck, he knew it.
life, and we've coexisted with each other in harmony for a good majority of it."
Tony glared at him, shoving him off halfheartedly, “Get the lube, Johnny boy.”
“I love what you are, Tony. What you do. How you
It was Steve, with some woman.
Silence.
“I never looked at Bucky that way. But, it didn’t matter. There still would have been a choice. And I couldn’t..”
Tony huffed, closing his eyes, nostrils flaring at the intensity of Steve’s actions.
like his father said he would be.
and I-"
He had lost.
Silence.
“Steve! Stop!” Tony finally yelled, unable to watch any longer as the other man collapsed in on himself.
Just like that, huh?
"Just be honest, Tony. Be honest and tell me that I‌ lost you to him a long time ago!"
Silence.
“Must be really easy for you.” Tony snapped, dragging his pants back on, fingers shaking.
Catching himself before falling, he looked down his nose at the man in front of him, fury making the blonde clench his fists.
to be done. We have to fumble through life now, because we,
"Tony? Are you alright?" She questioned softly.
“Are you backing out, Steve?” Tony questioned the taller male, feeling a hard lead drop in his belly.
But, afterwards…
Silence.
Ducking at the aliens that were flinging themselves at him, Steve was bounding towards the middle, eyeing the purple fucker.
“Let him in, Jarvis. Please.”
Climbing to his feet, Tony crossed his arms, glowering at the blonde male.
Steve closed his eyes, lowering his head, feeling horrible about himself.
"Fine." Tony finally said, twisting his hands, knowing what he was about to say would break her heart even further.
There was a far off gasp and hands gripping his shoulders, fingers ripping into his suit, desperate screams calling his name, over and over, his form shaking back and forth.
Silence.
Tony punched him, watching in glee when his head snapped sideways, lips starting to pour a little bit of blood.
Steve only raised an eyebrow.
supposed to be my friends?"
“I had to make a world where Tony Stark was still in it. And he will be. He’ll get his life with Pepper, he’ll get to bond with Peter more, and watch Morgan grow.”
Steve was sitting on his bed, playing with his cell phone when he got the text.
He took Steve’s breath away.
It pained her to see him on a bad day.
Click.
Suddenly, a female voice snapped him out of his reverie, an unknown female voice.
"I'm sorry. I'm sorry Tony, please."
"God you're such an ass." He huffs out a laugh and looks away. Steve smiles softly at him, he can already see Tony's walls building back up. He pulls him close again and Tony makes a surprised little noise before sighing and letting himself be held.
He knew. No one knows how Tony hurts. But Steve, he knew. He knew because Tony told him, many months ago in the tower. Late at night when dreams of cold, suffocating water kept them both awake. The Arctic for Steve and Afghanistan for Tony. Such different circumstances and yet neither of them liked the feel of cold water on their faces and Tony had thought they'd bonded, how funny he was to be so wrong. He thought Steve cared but maybe Tony was wrong. He only cared about protecting the man who killed his madre.
"Bucky, no!" Steve stood just as Bucky's rifle was blown out of his hands. He was flipped onto his back, a repulsor in his face.
"You came here to make peace. To compromise." He says, hoping it's not too late. Hoping he hasn't changed his mind, he has every right to.
Slowly, Tony's shakes his head. He pulls back and looks up towards him, "Not yet." He says softly, almost apologetically and Steve could kick himself, of course Tony would feel bad. He doesn't have time to dwell because Tony takes a small step away from him, out of the circle of his arms and Steve can't help but feel disappointed.
Bucky had scrambled away and was reaching for his rifle, Steve gave him a look over Tony's shoulder. Picking up a weapon would only make it worse. Reluctantly Bucky didn't touch it, but he stayed close.
!” She picked up a cushion from the corner and pressed it to her face to suppress a scream.
And then…
Bucky grimaced. “He’s torn between suspectin’ me of treason and thinkin’ I’m a victim. Not much conversation to be had between the two of them.”
He was probably coming to kill him.
“I will have your job, you know. I will go and talk to His Royal Fucking Highness and have you removed-”
, Steve-” he launched to his feet and ducked past him, skidding to a stop against the portal controls. “If you just give me a minute to get this thing going again-”
The battle began at dawn the next morning.
Tony squinted at the window, apparently only just noticing that the sun was up. “So it is.”
The world went white.
It shouldn’t have been endearing, but the almost child-like expressiveness behind the pose was irresistible, and Steve tried to commit it to memory so he could draw it in his break. When the place was empty he doodled on an unused paperbag, trying to capture the
“I thought, maybe it’s okay, she’s a good fighter, surely it’s fine, but then I saw Him jump from the side of the ship onto the dock. He was wearing a mask, and he had shorter hair, but it was- It was the Winter Soldier. I would recognise that arm anywhere. It had her blood on it.”
“I can… take you.” He told the man, oddly wanting to please him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I just didn’t. And then you told me, you said you… when Loki, when you… you said you loved me.”
It didn’t hurt, but he couldn’t move. He was barely able to hear himself scream over the roaring of magic in his ears.
“You told me yesterday-”
Tony.”
, he thought.
“Promise, Tony,” he said, facing out of the room, watching the night sky outside. “I’ll come back tomorrow. Promise me you’ll remember me then?”
“You should probably go.”
Clint just held his hands up. “I’ve just been keeping an eye on Stark, that’s all. Can’t have the king sleeping with the enemy, right?” He gave a sheepish grin. “I’m worried about him. I’m worried that some people might accuse him of treason.”
Tony chuckled lightly, but it was a hollow sound, distant and forced and entirely unhappy. “I’d imagine not.”
“They could be communicating with each other-”
The biggest one, of course, was the fix-it part. Originally it was just going to be a thing where Tony sends Steve back into the past, his transformation is complete, the end. But I did some research and tried to plan it out, and it turns out Weeping Angels are actually capable of sending people both through time and space.
He texted Nat, and asked for a few days off. She granted them immediately.
They’d never caught the murderer.
I'll get better as I continue writing. Please have patience :)
Steve nodded, shoulders hunched, shame flooding across his chest. “Kind of? Only him. He’s just so… there’s something special about him. I like him.”
He raised the shield one last time, faintly aware that this was likely his last chance before he faded completely. He could see Steve in his peripheral vision, could hear when the king screamed his name.
Hooo, boy. My chapters just keep getting longer and longer. By the time we get to the end of this I'll be writing entire novels for each one.
like him?”
Clint scattered a few more seeds across the roof and watched the flock descend in a flurry of feathers and angry cries.
“It’s okay. Really.” Tony tugged a box from one of the shelves and flipped through the files inside. “You’re doing your best.”
“You said your bed was empty. That implies it HAD been full.” She leaned forward. “I have a lot of money resting on this, so I must ask; was it who I think it was?”
“He doesn’t come anymore,” Bruce said, watching Steve’s face out of the corner of his eye. “He hasn’t come back in weeks.”
The man was sad. He stepped closer, stared boldly into Anthony’s face, blond hair falling into eyes that kept Anthony pinned so helplessly, yet seemed to bring him back to life.
Steve studied him, frowning. “... What are you implying?”
“I mean, how good would it be if everyone could communicate with each other directly without needing to be right next to each other? I can use those radio waves we were talking about, transmit voice signals using the carbon mic system I made-”
It was almost awe-inspiring, if it didn’t look like a
He didn’t have long. A few hours, at most. But that was enough.
kicked me out to greet the day, and now you’re going back to sleep?”
“… I can’t go back to Marvel.”
“No.”
“- that’s what I thought. But then this other account-” she picked up another book, flipping through the pages with an air of frustrated urgency. “Here. This one. This soldier said the things were acting as one, even before words could be said. As though they were-”
Tony didn’t move when he gripped his shoulder, didn’t flinch when Steve turned him onto his back.
“Just… Tony, please. Don’t try to come out to battle.”
The moment the spell is complete, the angel disappears in a cloud of dust, and Steve’s heart crashes through the floor. They had watched the same thing happen to the other victims, bore witness as the spell became complete and the statues shattered into nothing.
The woman beside the horse was surrounded by guards and servants, but Steve would recognise her anywhere. She turned to face him, her eyes a little wild, and relief flooded her features even as she wavered on her feet.
“Meaning you never went to sleep at all.” She leaned back. “Don’t think I don’t know you.”
He stared down at the notes in his hand for a moment, as though trying to decipher exactly how they had ended up in his possession. “… So I take it this is a bad time?”
“I’ve no doubt about your students, considering I put half of them in there. It’s you I question.”
affair-”
“I trust you,” Tony whispered. “I trust you and Thor, and I need you to keep this quiet. You never brought me here.”
“Huh,” Carol said, her mouth crooking up on one side. “Dead on. You could have set it to do that, though.”
himself was taking its toll. He couldn’t sleep unless he passed out at the end of the day, never in his own bed. He could hear the faint sounds of construction and chatter from the city beyond the walls, but they were drowned out by the singing of a nearby pair of birds.
he would be now. Oh god, Steve had only just started to recover from his last awakening. To think that Tony had put him through it again-
Yeah, a slight hiatus happened. I'm sorry!
“I don’t know,” he said, his voice breaking a little. He looked up at the horizon, just above the storm, searching for something he didn’t expect to find. Then he saw it, written in a scrawl Steve recognised from plans he’d found in the workshop.
He ignored the thought, taking aim at a target positioned further away. This time he let the shield fly with more anger behind it, more frustration, and the thing damn near broke the target and sliced through a closer one on its way back to Steve’s waiting hands. He barely paused, taking aim again, throwing his entire weight behind it as he let out a yell. It came back with enough force that Steve was jerked around with it when he caught it.
The blonde moaned at the tight grip.
"Tony please, he's my friend."
His father, always proud, back held straight and shoulders back, never backing down and surely never pleading-
"Don't." He snarled, going to stand.
Maybe they can fix this.
Tony continued to struggle so Cap gripped him tighter, arms around his chest and shoulders but he heard the metal of the armor creak so he reflexively loosened his hold and that was a mistake because Tony took that split second of opportunity and immediately twisted around to fire into Steve's chest, sliding him across cold concrete.
And Steve doesn't have an answer for him. At least not a good one. When faced with the aftermath of his decisions, his reasoning suddenly aren't enough. He just pulls Tony closer against his chest and says "I wish I hadn't."
It's not enough. Tony definitely deserves a better explanation but Steve feels warm wetness on his neck as Tony finally breaks down. Quietly, Steve tries to explain. It feels so much like excuses it hurts but Tony deserves to hear something.
Steve doesn't know how to fix it, so he just pulls Tony close. Presses his face into his hair and Tony's hands come up to his chest as if to push him away. Instead he grabs onto Steve's suit and buries his face in his shoulder with another strangled "Why?"
It's disorienting. The anger in his face doesn't match the broken voice he speaks in. It's...almost innocent. Pure. It's Tony. It's the voice he used on those rare occasions that he shared what happened in his nightmares, what caused them. Slowly, his face crumbles. The anger melts away into something much worse, something broken.
He looks at him, imploringly. "Talk to me, Tony pl-" Suddenly the helmet melts into the rest of the armor, quick and liquid. Tony's eyes are glassy but he snaps a quick, "Why?"
So he sprinted towards the armor's back, one hand grabbing the arm with the charged repulsor. He pushed the gauntlet down just in time for it to go off next to Bucky's head. He pulled Tony towards himself and said what he should've already said a thousand times.
And then he reached inside and killed her. Howard had the luxury of a relatively quick death but his madre, no. She was suffocated. He knew, as he always did when these things happened, that he would see her eyes in his dreams the next time he slept. Her silent gasping, the blue tint to her lips. He knew what it felt like to suffocate. Afghanistan taught him all about it. The thought of her going through the same pain, the same fear. The darkness as it slowly crept over your vision, the burning in your lungs. It was too much.
"I wanted to protect you. I wanted to protect Bucky. I didn't want you to hurt anymore than you already do."
"Do you remember?"
And Tony paused. Pain, badly concealed with an angry tone, "So was I."
He made a quick move towards Barnes and in his peripheral he saw Steve go to grab for him.
Tony closed his eyes, briefly. But he had to see. He thought he saw Steve shift in the corner of his eye, almost like he wanted to come closer. Tony ignored him.
"I'm sorry. God, Tony, I'm so sorry." Pulling Tony towards his chest was easy for a moment, until the shock wore off and Tony started struggling. A metal elbow to the ribs knocked the breath out of him but he just sank to his knees, dragging the armor and Tony with him.
"No, it wasn't." Steve feels like hanging his head in shame but Tony deserves the respect of looking him in his face when he pulls back just enough to see him, just enough to say, "I didn't mean to hurt you. Tony I'm just...sorry." He wants to wince, he'd never been great at words and even worse at apologies. Tony looks up at him, eyes red and just so very sad and tired.
On his knees, crawling in the dirt. A hand, unfeeling and unapologetic pulled his head back.
He repeated himself, knowing it wasn't enough but not knowing what else to say, to do.
The slightest of nods, before chaos. In what seemed like only half a second the face-plate was up and Tony hit Steve hard enough that he fell to the ground. Barnes lifted his rifle, and a fight ensued.
Bucky nods, so quick and tense it looks like it hurts. He opens his mouth to speak after a moment but Tony has already turned away. He isn't looking at either of them and Steve doesn't know how to fix whats been broken today but he knows he has to try. Tony deserves that much.
Steve knows, he knows he doesn't deserve it but he can't help himself when he says, "Forgive me?"
Barnes didn't react. He pulled his arm back and struck. One. Two. Three. Howard was gone.
Quietly, but firmly Tony says "That was never your call to make."
Steve slid to his feet and charged. He crashed into the armor, Tony took this as an attack and went to uppercut him but he ducked, grabbing his forearms and looking into the blank face-plate, wishing he could see Tony's eyes, his face. He tries to convey his regret in his eyes as much as his tone. "Tony, stop. Please I-" A gauntlet is jerked out of his hold, charged and aimed at the side of his face but he pays no mind to it. He just transfers his grip, a hand to the back of Tony's neck, moving closer, chest to chest with the armor.
Bucky is crouching near his rifle when Tony turns to him and Steve is tensing for another outburst but it never happens.
Time seemed to slow down as he turned to them. The man who lied and the man who killed his parents. Suddenly that cold and overwhelming grief turned into hot rage and Steve was talking but Tony didn't care about what he had to say because how dare he? How could he?
The gauntlet charged up, the tell tale whine of it loud in that moment. Steve had two options. The two most important people in his life were fighting and for the life of him he knew he couldn't choose a side. He knew he could never hurt Tony, not for this. Not like this, when Tony was in pain. When it was his own fault for keeping secrets. How could he punish Tony for that? But if he didn't act, it might end in Bucky's death and he couldn't. Not when he'd just gotten him back.
