''Uhh, well - I find him sort of beautiful. Aesthetically. And he's beautiful inside, too, but he'd laugh if I ever insinuated as much. I mean, he used to call himself a sociopath. High functioning, he said - but I mean if that's how he wants to see himself, that already indicates a problem, doesn't it?''
Even Sherlock recognized him as the actor who had played Harry Potter, years back. Mentioned something about Toby's birthday, then, seemingly out of the blue. His mouth quirking up when the owl kept turning to the camera, kept refusing to fly. After that, Top Gear came on - and I indicated that we could look for something new to watch, but Sherlock's eyes remained glued to the screen, as he watched formula one racers rev around the track.
''Bisquick!,'' I shouted, pulling on the lead and Bisquick trotted back to my side where he licked his chops, looking bored. As if he hadn't just bitten the violinist. As if I hadn't just all but dragged him back to my side forcefully.
And I hear another swallow. His throat must be dry. He really should drink his tea. It's why I made him tea in the first place.
Donovan opens the door to the room, and softly makes her way inside, looking at me as if unsure how to proceed. She's been glancing at me far more than would be typical. Staring, studying. It's a little unnerving.
''And in the next little while, you might have to talk to some people. I won't always be able to stay with you, but I'll still be in the hospital. I'll still be close by, and soon as I'm able, I'll take you home. So you just have to be honest and talk to the doctors. I want you to try, Sherlock. To really try to be honest, okay? Not to lie about anything. Because they just want to help you. Please trust me on that.''
I freeze for a couple of sections, not knowing what to say. When I finally realize that doing nothing - saying nothing, but also not communicating something through body language - is going to make his anxiety worse, I wrap my hand around his midsection and stroke his hair.
Turning, I take in Lestrade's eyes. His kindly eyes and his face that looks over at me with hope and compassion.
''Sherlock?,'' I call out and let my voice ring through the flat. I suddenly sight a mug with about two ounces of goat's milk. There is a line around the glass as I pour the milk down the drain, indicating that the milk was poured probably more than an hour ago and the fat has congealed against the glass.
''I didn't live here, then. I moved here in 2006 and Sherlock showed interest in getting a place in '09, and then you came along, so I can't speak to all his habits, of course. But he's more composed now. Tidier certainly. He cleans up so wonderfully well when he puts the effort in; I've always told him so,'' she finishes fondly, her tone maternal and kind.
"Not what that's used for," John says under his breath, and then, more loudly: "thank you, Sherlock. That's great."
''I am going to go look for him. I'd advise you inform Mrs. Thiesen that her little boy is going to require another exam as soon as possible. If Sherlock insisted on it, then it's not just to cover all bases as a technicality point. It's because this kid is wounded. And badly enough to warrant being seen by a doctor again.''
Sherlock is radiating such anger right now that I can see his body pulse with the force of his breathing.
''I've said way too much already,'' I whisper, hating myself for what I've said thus far. For what I've said in my weakness.
I close the door to the bathroom, and turn on the light. I turn on the fan. I take two towels, and block the door with the towels, hopefully blocking out both sound and light in the process.
''That is the condensed version of events,'' Sherlock agrees. ''I'm sure he told you why,'' and this time his voice is almost shrill.
And because apologies don't seem to come easily to Sherlock. Probably because he's so rarely ever wrong. At least his deductions are rarely wrong, even if his behaviour and social skills could use a tune up.
Next to the letter, I can feel the furled edge of an old photograph and I tug it loosely with my fingers, bringing it out into the daylight.
''Sherlock,'' and I grasp his neck, stroke the skin lightly. The repetitive motion, I hope, is calming. ''I'm not Victor, or your father, or anyone else on the planet. I'm just me. John. I'm not going to hurt you.''
''I never will have sex with you, John. I never will. Not if I can help it. You'd have to force me,'' the words are not fierce like they were before. They are now dull - and almost dissociative. ''It wouldn't be easy to make me. Now that I'm bigger.''
''That's because that aspect of a chameleon's nature is generally linked to a perceived need for self preservation. It's a form of camouflage, and it's unlikely to ever be an exact match in terms of hue or pattern. Additionally, it always indicates some measure of internal stress.''
But who is it that is repressing everything? The Sherlock that goes to his goddamn therapy sessions, and eats close to 4,000 calories a day at last count? The Sherlock that confides in Molly about triggers and abusive fathers? If I’m doing all that, and ‘all of that’ is considered the “right step” – then why would I sabotage myself on this aspect of my recovery and lie about any of it?
''Sherlock, it doesn't work that way. If it worked that way, I fear you'd find a reason to ignore your hunger or to feel full through means that would not serve you. Ways that would not get you healthy. You may feel full at the moment - and I understand you probably do - but it's lunchtime now. It's time to have something else.''
Now is not the time. Perhaps there will never be a time for me to broach the specifics of this disorder with him, and as it stands - it's likely not something that I need to discuss with him.
Sherlock's hold increased around my frame. I didn't say anything else, and he didn't say anything else, either.
My heart starts to slow. In a strange way, I don't even feel ashamed of what I've just admitted. Possibly because John doesn't seem ashamed for me. He just seems resignedly sad. And while that shouldn't make me feel better, it doesn't make me feel quite so exposed.
But then Yuri had said something odd, something laser-sharp and which targeted in on the swirling about in my brain. Which focused sight upon my restless anxiety generated by an inability to stop the feelings from darting in and then darting away. My inability to study them.
''I do. I do prefer rye. I just... No. Never mind. It was just a thought - it was just a crazy thought. Please forget it.''
Sits on the chesterfield in the living room. Wraps an afghan throw around his body, despite his previous words of feeling too hot.
''That sounds a little rehearsed, Sherlock,'' I say evenly, my tone firm but not cold. ''Do you think maybe that's what John could have been referring to, earlier?''
Romantic, I think - but I don't know what else, if anything else - and he matters to me too much for-
I lean back against the hard, red plastic of the hospital chairs. The curvature of raw cut plastic digs into my back, but the pressure is grounding.
''But for a long time...you didn't try to actively lose weight. Your eating was never 100% healthy, but it wasn't...this. Except, lately you have been deliberately trying to drop weight. Lately something changed. What changed, Sherlock. What is it?''
''Yes, my constitution!,'' he exclaims, ''I have a bleeding ulcer, Yuri. I can't just eat anything.''
"Even after I went away to school, it still happened. I couldn't stop it, as much as I tried. But I didn't share a room, thank God. So I was able to take care of it myself."
''Makes it less...something,'' and his hands clench in frustration at not knowing how to describe his emotions. ''Be less tight inside, maybe.''
I pull my fingertips away from the vase. The oil on my hands is not going to help the flowers at all.
John seems confused for a second, and scans me quickly, as if I've physically injured myself in the last few minutes and haven't bothered to inform him.
''You're late,'' I say flatly, still somewhat upset by the fact that my comments seemed to have upset John.
But then I recall how he told me that it was when I had gone to speak with Mrs. Hudson, after that terrible nightmare (not even a week past), that he had hurt himself.
''With Sherlock, it's just the exact opposite in almost every way. Heavily sweetened coffee, no jam to speak of. Definitely no clotted cream.''
''Afternoon,'' I say civilly, when I see he's seated at the table - conspicuously free of my experiments.
My stomach is revolting from the sudden increase of pressure from food and drink, and I remind myself that I can not eat starches and get them up easily. Milk, ice cream, soup. Liquids, yes. Bread and crisps and food that clumps together in my belly? Much harder to void.
In my mind's eye, a little boy of about three years has now propped himself up against a lounge chair and is looking out towards me over the crazed-white patch of frosted winter grass.
I strip out of my pajamas - or rather, John's pajamas. The RAMC shirt clinging to my chest, dampened by sweat. I suddenly feel filthy. I can't give these back to him. I sweat in his army clothes. Even the bottoms he gave me feel damp as I remove them, and I make a mental checklist to complete a couple loads of laundry this evening after I return home. My scarf could do with a washing too. Lately it smells sour, when it's pressed against my mouth. Like sick. Or something worse.
There it stands: a floral-print bowl filled to the brim with minestrone soup. Beside it, a diagonally cut grilled cheese sandwich on rye. He's even sliced a deli pickle and offset it slightly.
''John?,'' he grits out, and I pour him a glass of water. Help him sit up and rest against the headboard.
In fact, one of my first patients - a skinny adolescent named Devon - forever changed my views about apparent self-harm. Devon, more than anyone else, taught me to not be too hasty in my judgments of others.
"And it is admirable that you reached out to him, Mycroft. I am not in any way asserting that you didn't help him as much as possible, but did he ever - you know - see a psychologist? A child therapist?"
"Can you promise? Not to get mad?," he asks, and I realize something is off. I'm reminded of the tone I heard in his voice the previous evening. "I don't want you to get mad."
''John...salad?,'' she asks, and I nod, taking the serving dish first before I let it linger near Sherlock's plate, see his throat bob up and down in anxiety. See him remove a few cherry tomatoes, a few olives, about 1/4 cup of salad all in all. Then he liberally coats his entire plate in salt and pepper. Nothing else. No dressing. No cheese, or egg, or shrimp.
''I don't know! I have no idea!,'' and his eyes now are wild, if not scared. Almost as if he's scared of his own emotions. ''I don't want to talk about this!''
Everyone else was meandering about, on their mobiles, trying to reach the EMTs. Trying their best not to look at Toby's broken limb, his bloodied eyes and head.
''Primarily? You are looking at children on suicide watch or those being considered for long term hospitalization. It's a restraint ward.''
Patches of self-abused skin. I feel them, and then I feel Sherlock's hands press over mine. Press inwardly.
Resolute that I must give him his space, I go to tidy up the kitchen - washing the dishes, the cutlery. I then quickly tidy the cabinet, chucking out two boxes of crackers that Sherlock has left open and exposed to the air (they're stale now, of course), and compressing three empty boxes of tea that he's left in the cabinet. Completely empty.
''At the size he was back then? All ribs and ankles and bone? No, it was drugs, I'm sad to say. He was in clinic back in-,'' and she apparently stops talking to do some mental math, ''2002, and then later in late 2006. I visited him the first time around. He forbid it the second time. Told me it was for my own good. That'd he'd see me again when he got out. Just a little bit embarrassed, I think,'' and her voice drops to a low murmur, as if she's keeping that aspect a secret too, merely by being quiet.
Because I know that going easy on Sherlock isn't likely to help him right now. Not when he will use that empathy to delay having to see me properly. Not when he will use that empathy to prolong being sick.
'Are you free right now? Can you meet up with Sherlock at home? I think he needs someone to sit with him for a bit.'
'Let me help you with that,' the other explorer says into my brain. I keep my eyes closed because even his helmet is too shiny. It still hurts my eyes. It always hurts my eyes.
A few paces later, she comes back with a plate of rolls, lacking butter. She adds a couple bottles of dressings and the dish of butter to the table a few seconds later.
Depending on his reaction time, he may have passed through a stage of clamorous hunger. It would have been a brief ache and his yearning for a last meal would have been very short. Possibly it would have been eclipsed with confusion and the winding down of all conscious thought.
The smile he gives me is a pained attempt at gratitude for the visit, and I suddenly feel a pang of grief for him. For his disconnection from Sherlock. For his sense of ownership in the crimes perpetrated against his brother. For the confusion he likely feels, but has also likely never expressed - about why he was treated so distinctly to his younger brother. Why he escaped the same fate, even though emotionally - I know he likely feels almost as conflicted.
In the truest sense, I owe my entire psychiatry practice to Patrick’s willingness to confide in me that one night over 27 years ago. He made me realize that my input could have value when it came to encouraging someone else to get the help they were denying they needed. He made me appreciate the power of words – and the power of confrontation when others would rather deny a situation.
''Look,'' I mumble, glancing around to ensure we are - indeed - alone. ''Abuse takes something out of people. It takes something from children most of all: the ability to trust, primarily. But it doesn't just take away from people. It leaves them with certain things, too. Things that never should have been their lives. And I think that's what you are trying to destroy.''
He sounds apologetic, and all I can hear is 14 year old Devon talking to me in his wheezy rasp. Itemizing his list of 14 foods. All low caloric, and all sugar free, and all essentially nutrition-less.
''Go away, John!,'' I almost scream. My voice is high pitched and frantic, and I know it is - but I can't change it right now. My voice is coming out on its own, like water pouring through cracked glass. I cover my face with my hands, mortified.
I know what they have in store for me. I know what they consider 'getting better' to be. I know what 'getting better' means to them both.
Sherlock is holding onto his belly as if it's a blanket. Or an amulet. He's squeezing the flesh like a kitten kneads against its mother - what thinned out flesh it happens to be in his case.
His bedroom, as it stands, looks almost barren now by comparison. To make the transition easier for myself, I keep reminding myself that I have Mycroft and Yuri's full support in my decisions. Along with their support in securing a lock to the outside of Sherlock's bedroom door and additional support structures alongside the windows. I doubt things will devolve to such a state that I'll actually have to use said lock but it was something that was discussed as being potentially useful if Sherlock were to have a possible 'danger night.'
His fingertips are against my hand, somehow, his index finger moving back and forth - almost melodically - like his playing a tune against my skin.
''Worse?,'' I sputter. ''How can confiding in me make anything worse? I've been...no, I am there for him. He knows it. He knows I won't abandon him.''
''Stop it John. Stop...stop it. Stop lying to me. I know I am thin by conventional standards, but you're making it sound like-''
He came to see me shortly after his 14th birthday. In retrospect, I am shocked that he lasted that long before his parents sought out clinical care.
''Stop it. I'm trying to help you!,'' she growls at me, having none of John's sensitivity or warmth.
(Opening your eyes won't change what John is going to do. Or change his ability to move closer to you).
Of course, without prompting, I chucked a bunch of random things into my overnight bag and am currently careening through the bowels of the city in a black Taxi cab.
''You are amazing to me, Sherlock. You've always been. From the moment I met you. I just think of what you can do with your mind, and it blows me away. It always has. Your ability to piece things together, your intelligence - your logical faculties. From the start, I found you amazing. Before I even admitted I loved you to myself, I found you amazing.''
''Ahh,'' I say lightly. Of course she can tell I'm off my game. I'm sure everyone can. ''Just fine,'' I quip, dumbly.
I glare at the bundle of forms, my eyes settling on words that make my guts squirm - and that's more than enough for me. I know I will have very little interest in continuing onwards in any vein with any psychiatrist. Even a Russian born, French adopted psychiatrist with a more bracingly honest approach than most.
I give him a pained look before handing over the book. I feel like a child who has been asked to hand over his report card. He takes it gently - his eyes still trained on me before he sits back down on the sofa.
The departure throws me for a loop. I am used to his off topic ramblings though, so I respond simply, ''I didn't feel much of anything. I wasn't surprised. I had suspected how Harry felt for other females for a long time. I think I knew before she did, even.''
''Thank you for wanting me, John,'' he whispers against my side, increasing the pressure of his hold, the intensity of his hug.
''I'm fine, Victor,'' he repeated, and I let my hand reach out to touch his cheeks, his cheek bone. ''Please don't...fret. It makes me agitated.''
''I used to eat a lot of fruit - most fruits - a lot of vegetables. Rice cakes, hot sauce on them.''
''An attachment disorder,'' John muses after an interminable amount of time has passed, ''okay. It's okay.''
Patrick frowns quickly before recovering. I’ve already mentioned breakfast twice in less than an hour, and that’s just not something I get on him about anymore; hasn’t been in over a decade, really, save for comments made more out of habit than genuine concern.
We walk the long way around the fence to get his treat, and as we do I hear the buzz of Sherlock's mobile. He tugs at it with his lean fingers, and reads the incoming message.
''And why didn't your attending GP document the decrease in your weight and the increases in gastric disturbances? There's nothing in your medical file. Nothing at all, and such pronounced ulceration would have caused considerable discomfort in the months and weeks leading up to the rupture. It's not something that would have gone unnoticed by you, or by your doctor.''
And if so, is it because he feels that he deserves punishment or because he deems himself unworthy of being healthy or whole?
''Usually childhood schizophrenia, John. Or some variant. Active self-harm in the presence of psychotic features is also pretty standard for ward 6.''
There are four metal chairs with curved seats set out (obviously for patients) and I take the one closest to the door while John deposits himself into the one nearest my own.
“Sherlock,” he says, nudging my hand. “Do you want to try one of their-,” and he reads from the signage above, “‘freshly made in-store croissants’?”
''You've lost about 20 lbs in a few months, Sherlock, and you were already about as low in weight as you could have been, healthfully, before hand. You realize that, don't you?''
''Thank you, Molly,'' he mouths soundlessly, then returns a soft wave in my direction before turning back around and walking towards John.
"You know what Ovaltine means," I mutter a couple seconds later. I cannot look at John while speaking. Not tonight.
''Just to administer a battery of tests. To determine if you are a sociopath - which, I'm telling you right now - you are not. A doctor - a psychiatric doctor - they'd be the real determiner of that label, not you.''
It is not a hot day...so it is unlikely he would have sweated in his clothing.  Certainly not to a degree whereby he felt he had to change.
I can feel the adrenaline coursing through my body. And I want to say something to John, something to get him to see - but I can no idea what to say. I have no idea if I even think he's right, or wrong. I just feel off-kilter.
''It's going to be alright,'' I speak softly to my friend. ''You don't need to be scared. I'm going to do my best to stay with you. You'll get through this.''
''Please leave me alone,'' I get out, my voice sounding shredded. Like ribbons that have been torn from full sized to thin little pieces. Torn and falling apart.
''I have no idea how to make any sense out of what you've just said,'' I reply in measured beats. ''But no. I do not understand.''
A seagull has seemingly come into the city. Fluttering up amongst the blood red sky and the freshly borne clouds.
They've been yellowed and dulled by time. But the marks were obviously still there, the scars - and the cell memory of release? Of recalling how much better I had felt as a kid after I had done what I had done? Because I know that I had felt better. More composed. (Mycroft can argue all he wants that taking half a bottle of anti-anxiety medication would have mellowed anyone out, but I know better. I know that I had started to feel better after that first perverse rush of endorphins, that first shrill display that I could do the one thing to myself that no one else could possibly expect. That I had some modicum of control, even if the action of control was somewhat disturbing).
''Toby,'' I start, not wanting to drag this out longer than we need to; it's hard on both of us. ''Your mum and dad called me. They said you wanted to speak to me. What did you have to say?''
''Yes,'' I wavered, my voice thick. '' I am afraid. I know I am confused. I-,'' and I pressed my fingertips against my lips, tapping them. Wanting to express something and finding myself lacking the vocabulary to do so.
''Oh - so you'll help a child locate their misplaced pet? That get's your bleeding attention! But when little kids really need you - you are turning away? When their bloody life is on the line? It's then that you don't care one whit?''
I give a hesitant smile, because the tension in the room right now is so thick it's almost unbearable.
The seagull is back now. Moving amongst the highest buildings. Untouchable by all. Free to go where it wants.
I take a sip of the Earl Grey, and think over her statement. Knowing how empathic Molly is as a person, she's probably correct in her assumption. So I don't say anything snarky. I just hold the beverage in my mouth. Try to enjoy the scent of bergamot and neroli oil. Swallow the tea. Tell myself it's okay. That I can digest this.
''Caring doesn't help. Caring isn't an advantage, Sherlock,'' I had whispered gently, staring at him.
A pause. It's slight - almost not a pause at all - but I sense it. Can feel the reservation he has in even replying.
Sherlock looks across me - almost through me - but nods. I nod back, mirroring his actions, relief flooding my cells at his decision as he trots away in search of his aforementioned brother. As he departs I turn around and study the photographs, and the shadowboxes of bats atop the fireplace and the somewhat-yellowing wallpaper until my gaze comes to rest on the off-white rictus grin of the skull on the mantle-place. I don't know exactly how long I stare at the thing, since it seems to transfix me.
"That's alright. I got you some things to colour with, and some notepads and markers so you can write if you'd like."
It goes as follows: every morning when I awaken – and every evening before bed – I am to start from the top of my physical being and analyze each sensation for each portion of my being. Does my head hurt? Do I have a stiff neck? Do my eyes itch, or hurt, or feel hot? Do I have a sore throat? And so on.
I try to feel something good at the assertion - something that counterbalances the agitation filling my cells. I don’t feel anything like that, though. I feel…
''For God's sake, you had all control over your own body taken away as a child! I know you want to feel like you have control now. It's not difficult to see the relationship here between what you are doing and what was done to you, Sherlock!''
He seemed above pain somehow, and that's possibly what drew me in - at least initially. That he could feel things with such passion, be it his love for science and criminology, or his music, or his experiments - be shrug off horror.
“Umm. Yeah. You’re doing really well. You’re keeping on target. Why? Did you think that somehow you weren’t?”
And his mobile keeps going to voice-mail, and I want to scream and throw my phone against the wall, because I know he's sick. So very sick.
''This is funny. I actually selected you because I was fairly confident you would not have any excessive concern for me whatsoever. All the same, you seemed interested in the clinical aspects of your job. With no power complexes to speak of that I could determine, and no expressed traits of cruelty. Please tell me I was not wrong in my assessment.''
''I had every right!,'' I say just as suddenly, getting up off the sofa and stalking over to where he now moves, immobile. ''You are my best friend, and your welfare matters to me!'' Furiously resolute. ''I have no idea why you are doing what you are - why you are doing anything that you're doing, and I hate it! I hate that you're so confused about how to feel that-''
Something I knew at once as being my long standing truth, but which I had never been able to articulate?
John lets out a huff of air and a slight shake of the head, too. As if he cannot believe I’ve just said that.
The man gave me a once over, and seemed hesitant to accept my praise, looking almost doubtful as he registered my words.
If feels impossible that others could not have sought out the heat and the lines and the geometric redness, too.
Sherlock's recent purchases stand out in sharp contrast to mine, and I can't help but think - 'there is nothing of substance here. No wonder he's lost weight.'
"For a few terrifying seconds, I thought he was dead - until I realized he was breathing raggedly. I quickly tried to determine how he had been injured and sighted his medication containers by his hand. He was unresponsive, and I called the A&E immediately and explained that I thought my brother had attempted suicide."
Part of me distantly acknowledges that thinking about the 'adorableness' of your male flat male (when you, the person doing the acknowledging is also a male) isn't typically acceptable in the heteronormative world.
"And yet you purchased books on how to advance a romantic relationship with an incest survivor," he says softly, his tone brooking no argument.
Sherlock's mouth pinches up tightly, his eyes darker and angry. He pushes the photos away violently.
''You're not sure?,'' I attempt for clarification, knowing I am getting at the heart of the matter, but having no idea what I am doing. ''Am I doing something that is making you feel badly? Badly about yourself?''
So we spent about ten minutes talking around his issues, and at one point I actually got pretty damn close to getting him to admit that he is hurting himself.
This is what Sherlock would precisely not want. He would not want this aspect of his life to be discussed. Especially not in his absence.
His breathing is heavy and crushingly loud. I want to hold him, but I know that could end in disaster unless he instigated the first move.
Author's notes: I have such limited time these days. I wish I had more free time; I've been aching to update for weeks, now. I apologize for the delays...trust me, 90 hour work weeks equal limited productivity. I appreciate everyone's continued support and understanding. :)
I sigh and get to my feet, giving him an awkward smile as I enter the living room before depositing myself down into the loveseat and repositioning the Union Jack pillow. I try not to study him. Not overtly, at any rate. I focus my attention across to the battered wall. To the chrome yellow smiley face on the wall.
''Hate me all you want, John. But I know what this is. And I'll get him scrapped from this case if that's what I think he needs. We all know he values puzzles more than he values his own life, anyway.''
''No. You didn't come on too strong,'' and he turns off his phone then. Puts it in his pocket. ''I just wasn't very good at being the type of friend you deserved.''
In stolen moments and periods when I could interact with him alone. When father was out of the house, and when mother was resting.
''I'm going to screw up sometimes, Sherlock. I'm not a psychiatrist. I am not trained to deal with these issues, and I'm not going to apologize for being a fallible human. I'm trying my best.''
It's actually making my nervousness worse. More palpable. Harder to dismiss as just being down to our recent awkwardness.
"I told you I didn't want you to know. I told you that I don't know what I am feeling," I admit at last. "Everything feels-"
'You think of a number, say 100 - and you subtract a number. Like seven. You keep going, whenever you are scared, and you won't be as scared. You never stop, okay Sherlock? Just keep counting until everything is okay again.'
And now a doctor comes and pulls the drape taut around the bed, blotting out the sight of my friend, and the child. All I can take in now is the scuffled sounds of footsteps in the hallway. The beeping of machines down the corridor. The sounds and sights of nurses at the main desk.
And it's strange, really - because it's not like I've spoken to him often. Mostly when he's spirited me away by sending around his cars and aides. Perhaps I should have a talk with him about that; it's not necessary, his whisking me off. He doesn't have to twist my arm to get my help or to get me to confide in him about my concerns for Sherlock.
She doesn't need to explain more, which is lucky - because I don't think she knows how to say what she needs to say in the first place.
“Dogs are an extraordinary amount of work, John. They need full-time attention. It’s like having a child.”
Because it's not just how he looks or how he acts or his blood work, now. It's so much more than that.
The guilt will come tomorrow. Like it always does when I take out my piss-poor moods on an innocent person.
''Okay. Let's see Bisquick's damage,'' I muttered, and Sherlock held his hand out to me, almost timidly.
Very quietly, that is. If water was running, you'd miss the sound entirely. But it comes up in a spurt of liquid-intensity.
''Because it was ugly for you, Sherlock. Because it was painful, and it was cruel, and it was wrong. Very, very wrong. And it's all that you knew. So why should you feel any differently? When that's all you've ever known?''
"It's okay," I say with greater calm than I feel. Because it's not, and because his entire body is shaking like a leaf and because two bloody minutes ago - he seemed fine, "head down. Bring your head down. No - don't bring your legs up, you'll make it bleed again. No, just focus on my voice. Take in a shallow breath. Come on, Sherlock. Right, just like that. No - no, just hold it. Not too deep. You're breathing too fast, Sherlock."
I can respect the fact that Yuri doesn't employ typical niceties by writing that everything is ''fine'' – and then I rise, turn on the lights, and hurriedly busy myself with covering the red leather bound book under a mound of papers and magazines. It feels safer to gloss over the unsettling works with innocuous things like New Scientist – than to let them stand out in prominent space.
The eye roll that follows my words is actually what puts me at ease, but I give him an 'I'm Serious' look, and hear him sigh.
''Yes, we are done! I'm not discussing that with you! About how that makes me feel, because you certainly won't like what I have to say, and it's all,'' and he makes a motion about his skull, a flittering, flapping motion that I merely take to mean 'noise', ''nonsense anyway!''
“I thought about this a lot last night, actually. When I was falling asleep. Trying to fall asleep. I have determined that I would drug him – just a little, just enough to paralyze him – but I’d get the dosage perfectly correct. I’d immobilize him, and then when he was conscious, but too weak to do much of anything – I would slit his throat with an exacto-blade. And he’d have to watch his blood spurt up and he’d gurgle in fear and plead for help. And there would be no help. And no one would come. No one would ever come. And I would just watch. Maybe I would smirk at him as he died – just like he used to smirk at me.”
The tube is its typical bustling affair, yet I watch the people coming and going with a rapidly dulling awareness. A glossy, cotton-battony feeling of disconnect.
''John is my flat mate, and my friend. Hence he has become my GP. When I need a GP, that is. I haven't needed a GP in a considerable while.''
Please note that this is likely to be the most graphic chapter of the fic, and it will be in Sherlock's POV.
Cranberry juice. A bottle of Nyquil is off to the side, the blue-green syrup still semi-coating a plastic measuring spoon. I touch it, and determine it's been recently poured, then pick up the bottle.
My hands make their characteristic dismissive fashion of not really caring, not really being one bit concerned.
"You wanted to hear, didn't you? What he said, when he did it? When he did all those disgusting things to me? When he made me do that with him? You wanted to know?"
''It's not Victor's fault that I was screwed up, John! That I am screwed up! He loved me in his own way! I was the one who didn't respond properly!''
''Sherlock? I need to talk to you!,'' I call out again, lightly, and without threat. Like one may call out to a teenager playing music too loudly.
'Mycroft's not here. Mycroft's at school, isn't he?,' the Martian pushes my legs apart and I start to shake.
Sherlock is retrieving his shirt, nimbly clipping back the buttons, concealing the evidence of his mental disturbance.
I usher him into the bathroom, and Sherlock deposits himself into a chair that's been placed under the medicine cabinet. It's wicker, and he's going to bleed on it, and it's unlikely that I'll be able to get all the blood out of it later.
''Ye-es,'' John parses, the word slightly drawn out. ''And he's agreed to see you. So that's good. Unexpected. I mean, he initially was going to, but then seemed to go back on his decision, and sometimes getting him to do anything that could be of his benefit is really tricky, and-''
Because of Patrick, I also learned that denial in and of itself is a tell. That it reveals conditions about the person being confronted.
The pressure of something real and safe and solid is, indeed, calming. Once I can get my mind out of the game.
I disentangle myself from the chair and walk back to the receptionist, and the nurse holds up a finger to pause my questions.
About a dozen or so. Maybe more. A few feel like they aren't even scars, yet. Just raw patches of grazed skin where scars are destined to form in a few weeks.
A small pool of blood is outlining Sherlock's feet. His legs have taken on a pale, unnatural chalk colour. A flap of skin hangs apart slightly from his right shin; this is the wound that is generating the majority of the bleeding.
My stomach feels exposed to air. Cool and prickly and wormy with adrenaline. I could easily vomit myself.
Two days later, I'm on my way back to the clinic. I haven't visited him in all that time. The reason why is...tricky. I feel somewhat angry with him, but more than that - I feel hurt. I feel hurt that after all my attempts to make him feel like he could trust me, that I would never hurt him or criticize him for struggling with whatever he is obviously struggling with...that he'd still inflict harm on himself.
''I aim to always be prepared for any occurrence,'' he responded in a clipped voice, and I fought off an odd sense of apprehension.
I had struggled to find an example of a case involving children. Little episodes popped up, here and there.
''No one cares about me! No one ever will!,'' he sobs against my shoulder. ''No one at all-,'' and his voice trips over itself, as if he's falling down a long flight of stairs. When I open my eyes again I look across the room to get my bearings. Mycroft looks about as pale as a ghost. Paler, possibly, than Sherlock. His throat is working in rapid successions as if he's going to be sick. He gets up quickly and pads away from us - towards the kitchenette - and opens the sliding partition. A few seconds later I hear the running of water, the clinking about of cups and china.
''Maybe I thought that you don't consider me in need of weight gain at all. That everyone is lying to me. Maybe even you,'' I whisper with hesitation, scared of John's response. ''But that doesn't seem to make too much sense, either, because of the effort others are putting in to get me to eat. So then I thought it must just be the blood work, and if that's the case I can just take potassium pills. I don't need to eat this at all. That's what I thought, and it made me...not want to eat the sandwich at all.''
"It's unlikely that Toby will talk - or write, as it may be - about much if his mother is present. You'll have to use to a video recorder to ensure anything recorded can be substantiated in a way that would be defensible in court. It's standard procedure when talking to children without a parent."
''Sherlock? This isn't funny,'' he states calmly. Forced calmness. ''I need to know that you are listening to me. Not tuning me out.''
''Do you want to sleep for a bit now?,'' he asks softly. ''You must be very tired. You are fighting yourself on being healthy, and I can't imagine how exhausting that must be.''
Sherlock sighed, and it came out as a wet rattle. I suddenly detected the first sounds of a person trying to keep back a sob.
To be on the track of his choosing, even if the track is careening off into dangerous territory and is hurting him deeply.
I'm relieved, of course, that Toby is recovering. Certainly far better and quicker than anyone had predicted. How could that not be the best sort of news?
''I think so. Not a lot. Just a little bit. Hardly at all. But a little, maybe. Do you think maybe just a little?''
''We will do it together,'' I insist. ''Or you can shave, and I can watch you shave. But it's not something I am debating with you about,'' I add a second later while Sherlock glares at our glass coffee table. ''Not right now, anyway. Call me overprotective, I don't care.''
What switch did they flip in his magnificent brain and gifted mind to get him - Sherlock Holmes, as big a lover of logic as he is a lover of music - to disregard all logic for the pursuit of sporadic self-ruin?
John is wavering in his spot, but he doesn't move closer to where I'm hovering. Instead, he simply drops to his knees.
And how stupid it would sound, out of the blue. And what's worse! If it's not out of the blue, it sounds feigned, or it sounds like I'm just repeating the words that so effortlessly seem to flow from John's own mouth because I am supposed to do so. He won't think it's because I want to do so. And that's half of the problem right there. I don't even know if I want to say them. If I mean them. There is just a buzz in my head when I think about them in relation to anyone, and that buzz intensifies in sound when I think about the concept of love in relation to John.
He's trying to remain as neutral as he can without simply walking away from this horror show of a mess.
''You said his parents created a website to address his suicide. But this was an accident. His death was accidental!,'' he breathes, looking discomfited.
''Have you ever encountered a condition such as what Sherlock suffers from? In one of your patients?''
John gives a light laugh, and we zip the cart down an aisle that reads 'AISLE 8: soup/ canned fruit & veg.'
''You need a clinic,'' I say louder now. Resolute. My eyes burn into his. ''You have lost your precious control again, brother mine.''
Sherlock doesn't respond, but dangles the mug over the floor, looping one lean digit through the handle and letting it roll back and forth through his fingers.
John slowly exits his bedroom and has come back down the stairs. He must sense that I am angry because he gives me a wide berth.
I sit down on the sofa and try not to roll my eyes. I have no doubt that Sherlock has actually fashioned a great deal of his mannerisms based on those of his older brother.
I glance up quickly, and realize he's still studying me. He seems to be debating something. Sherlock's eyes drop to my hand, in his. His eyes come back up to my eyes. His left hand reaches for my cheek, and I take in a breath - surprised.
I lean forward and quickly kiss his temple. It's chaste and light and barely a kiss at all, but he seems to settle against the motion.
I try to push the thoughts out of my mind and ignore the changes that incrementally are occurring with every bite of food I swallow and keep down. I know that if I do meditate on it for too long that I will feel a swell of self-hatred. And I know that there has been only one sure-fire way that I have rid myself of that feeling in the past; the way that brought me here, to this time, and to Yuri.
The Martians speak into my head - directly into my brain with a hiss. Another explorer is coming in for a landing. The door to my space compartment shuts with a loud click. The explorer has descended to the planet, and he's almost here now.
And then, eventually, Toby sputtered. He coughed. Sherlock pulled back abruptly, almost startling himself and me, both, and a hiss came from Toby's throat. Not quite crying, and certainly not screaming. Some horrible hybrid of the two.
Molly isn't needling me for information. But she took my blood pressure, and she listened to my heart. She must know something is wrong.
''What happened to your throat?,'' I ask with as even a voice as I can manage. It doesn't come out as even at all, but warbled and upset.
''Later,'' Yuri replies tersely, mouth pursed. ''I promise. For now, I think it's best Sherlock just get home. He needs to decompress.''
My biggest obstacles going forward have thus changed; I need to keep Mycroft out of my business - and since the idiocy of my actions will undoubtedly be revealed to him soon enough - then I have to do some serious damage control. Mycroft, of course, dislikes discussing 'mental health issues' almost as much as I do myself, so hopefully that task will be easy enough to pull off.
"He's 9 years old. They start basic sex ed at his age. It's not unusual for boys to show a fascination in the subject. It's brand new to them."
''All done?,'' the man asks in a high, soft voice. ''You need time, or you done order?,'' he asks in broken English.
''That woke you up, Lock. Feels good, huh?,'' I teased, stroked the skin gently, non-aggressively. ''You're almost there already.''
And while it's totally possible that he HAS shouted at Yuri ((very little seems to set him off these days)) this redness looks well suffused.
''Sherlock?,'' I asked again, and Sherlock himself emerged - his cardigan now off and lying on the floor of his bathroom - adding to the strange sense of mess among luxury; his good arm holding onto several packets of gauze and a first aid kit.
The words are less than precise. But I can't do clinical right now. I can't call it by name. Not with that wandering, blood red eye of the child flittering up over a sea of white blankets, not even wanting to look at the paper, look at the crayons. Certainly not wanting to look at me.
But to me? It felt like they were proud that I was at the starting gate. Where everyone had always been, from day one. Except I'm coming in at the end of my race, tired - just to get where the majority always was.
The little boy takes one of the sheets and pulls it close, staring at it. He suddenly reaches for the box of crayons and pulls out a crimson stick, putting the green crayon back in the box. The fact that he has switched to a red crayon is not lost on me. Toby then quickly colours in the left side of the head, pushing heavily onto the paper. He finally scratches out the eyes of the boy, pressing holes completely through the paper with the force of his strokes.
And why would he want to keep this from me, unless he was convinced he was doing something wrong? Or that I would be convinced that he was doing something questionable?
John's eyes are studying me. He knows what I am asking, and he knows I am aware of his motivations for the beverage. What this drink means to me.
''Yuri is *not* going to be furious with you!,'' I whisper urgently, and see a flicker of a smile as Sherlock's mind registers my protectiveness.
‘Gastritis pain is moderate this morning,’ I note. ‘Will take morning ranitidine and prescribed medicines.’
''And in the meantime - I'm what? - supposed to turn a blind eye on his problems? Let him kill himself? You propose I just let him get sicker? Do nothing?!''
I wrapped his limb, hot and sore, with the gauze, and affixed it with special white tape that had a gummy snap and seemed to adhere velcro-like to the bandages.
I am so terribly busy, I could cry. I yearn to write more, and sleep more. I hope life settles down soon. Please hang in there guys...I do want to update! And I will not abandon this story.
"Answer me! You brought this up! You had to know! So answer me! If I tell you that nothing happened to me - that I was never hurt like that - will you believe me? If I promise you that I'm speaking the truth?"
“Move it you lunatic,” I laugh, cutting him off. He picks up the candy-filled bowl before slowly making his way up the stairs to get ready for his day. “And, c’mon. Don’t make me lecture you, alright? REAL brekkie, yeah? Something with protein and vitamins? Maybe some vitamin C? No more jujubes!”
I text Lestrade instead. 'How'd everything go?' I press send, then step up to an express aisle and let a young mother and her toddler girl bypass me when my mobile begins to shrilly chirrup.
''And if that's part of the need here, I am ready to hear what you have to say. It doesn't have to be dark or an admission of something that troubles you, either. We can always talk, or watch a show, or do something fun. It doesn't have to venture into anything that could be a little too overwhelming for either of us right now. It could even be a hug. But I'd like to keep anything too intense, even kissing, off limits right now. Okay?''
''Listen, Toby. One of the detectives is going to find Hedwig. But you can't move too much yet. Okay? Your head is a bit bruised up, and a doctor needs to look at it. You need to stay very, very still until the ambulance arrives.''
''His piano tutor has been molesting him. Most likely for years. But recently that changed. He was raped, wasn't he? That's quite a violent step, and it probably prompted Toby to action. So what changed? Did he threaten the tutor? Unlikely, given his chronic fearfulness. It takes a considerable amount of strength to confront an abuser, and he was undoubtedly terrified of the tutor harming him physically. It happens all the time. Abusers threaten children. Threaten to break an arm, or a leg. You wouldn't believe how effective that can be, I bet.''
And one day, I'll have to more fully thank Mycroft for the continued love he's shown his brother, even if Sherlock forever laments the fact that his brother 'intrudes' upon his space.
And it wasn't a question. It wasn't even as open ended as John's words had been to me, months back. When he had pieced everything together.
The comment brings a weird smile to my face and I try to stop the impulse to respond so oddly. As I've been doing all morning.
''That's what you want to talk about.'' It's not a question. Not really. ''After everything that has happened today. You want to talk about that.''
Sherlock appraises the offerings before picking up a Perrier – as is his routine - cracking the lid, and winding his way around to the sofa – not the loveseat as he usually selects.
''I wanted to make sure there wasn't anything else in there that you could hurt yourself with,'' I say strongly, not letting the look of upset on his face sway me from saying what I have to say. ''And until I found that, I thought you were only hurting yourself with sharp things. But that's not entirely true, is it? Damn it, Sherlock - is that why you haven't been eating?''
Because I didn't save him. Had I been able to help him in time, he never would have had his skull crushed in.
I hear a rapping against the front door two minutes past 11 am, and call out to Sherlock that the door is unlocked. A few moments later, I hear the squeak of the front door as it opens and closes, followed by the sound of Sherlock removing his boots and coat.
''It wasn't a particularly difficult piece,'' he said - not out of false modesty, but in an odd intonation that hinted at self-deprecation. ''But - thank you?,'' he said again, as if coming to some conclusion that he wanted to be polite, even as his words came out in a questioning lilt.
I pull my hands to my lap, and study the crusting blood. Focus on it. Focus on the geometry of it. If I could straighten out the lines, and intersect another few lines of red, I would have an equilateral triangle.
''I agree. You were saying he was adamant about an exam? Christ - he'd not press for it unless he thought it vital, either.''
''Something with absolutely no nutritional value whatsoever,'' John says under his breath, but to me: ''Yeah, sure - pop it into the cart.''
''John,'' I beg thickly, ''I don't want your kudos just for surviving. It makes me feel...not good, in a way. It makes me feel worse sometimes, okay? I know that doesn't make any sense to you, but it's how I feel. Because I know all this stuff, well, I know it upsets you, and I don't have the energy to try to make you feel better afterwards.''
I will proudly show that I accept everything in his life: his past and his present and his issues. All of it.
So in some respects, I feel that Stephen very likely kept me committed to life, and living, and he helped me see that not all adult males would hurt kids. That some cared about kids, but didn't expect anything else in return.
“Yes. That’s my diagnosis,” I reply with uncharacteristic acceptance. “I just don’t like it much,” I mumble, not really considering my words until they are out of my mouth.
''You said you didn't hate me! You said you didn't HATE ME!,'' he shouts, broken with rage, and I take a step back. ''You PROMISED ME YOU DIDN'T!''
Lately, when John touches me at all - even though he only touches my hand, or the side of my face, or tends to a wound (usually acquired through an idiotic maneuver on my part, I'm sad to say), I feel a sinking sort of shame, and maybe even wounded. Hurt.
No sound, no air, no breath. A moment later, his mouth opens - but not for speech. His nose is congested from tears, I realize.
John sits front and center, moving slightly to the side when Sherlock deposits his lanky form next to his friend's a few seconds later. I note, with interest, that he took to sitting on the same sofa as John, rather than selecting his own chair off to the side.
He's coming in, whether I like it or not. That's what he really means to say. That's his tone in a nutshell.
''No. No, Toby. I'm not going to leave you alone. You're coming with me. But first I am going to call Greg - you remember Greg, right? He's going to come in his special police car, and I'm going to go someplace safe with you. And I will stay with you. And I'll make sure we go someplace where you can sleep, and we will all make sure you stay safe. Me, and Greg and John and the other police people you met before, okay?''
''Trust me. There is a difference. He knows well enough, now. If he has to - he can manage a civil conversation. He can reign himself in. But back then? No. Not at all. In some ways, people could see...more of him, then. They could tell that something wasn't always quite right, and I think that made them less likely to take it personally, maybe? He couldn't always deal with people, noise, the pressure of all the outside world clashing against his inner one. I knew something was wrong, but he wouldn't ever tell me what was happening to him. For a time I even suspected - and this sounds crazy, maybe - but something like autism.''
''Right,'' John says with a smile smile, ''Good. I will go get my own meal then. Be back in a tick.''
"I just can't get them out of my head, John. That's what I was going to tell you. That's all it is. But you don't believe that, do you? If I say that - if I tell you that's all it is - will you think I'm lying?"
''But it wasn't right, was it? If anyone had complained about him - properly complained about him - especially about something like that...he'd be under review!''
''Okay,'' I agree. ''So... how about I just pose a couple basic questions and you both can provide your own take on the situation? Such as - what, ultimately, would either of you like me to help you accomplish if you were to become my patients?''
''He came in. Probably to bug me about the Thiesen case. Probably to check in with that kid,'' he starts dismally, and I nod.
I close my eyes, and quickly grab my dressing gown. My pajamas, socks and pants still litter the floor, so I tie the sash to my gown firmly around my belly, which now is (thankfully) resting flat again.
Because I have had dreams lately, and in those dreams - we were having sex. And upon awakening - at first - I tried to ignore that fact. I tried to convince myself that in the dreams we were merely sleeping against one another, and I was holding him, and that was it.
Yuri points at a blinking sign infused with neon halogens, and so I follow his glancing. See an image of a crow against a blood-red moon.
Sherlock ignored my statement, and instead unfolded a wooden Go set, pinned in the center. In one cupped palm he held out two clear bags filled with narrowed black and white stones.
"Mycroft - I am not gay! I am not attracted to Sherlock in that way. And even if my feelings changed - and they won't, I assure you - but even if they did, I would not proceed in any way that could scare him!"
I was pushing him emotionally. I did so because I wanted to take him to the precipice. I needed to make him feel the fear that I've felt since I realized how sick he was and how much sicker he seemed to be making himself with every passing day.
''You-,'' I intone both lightly and seriously, ''You go, and you get better. I want to see you back at Bart's hassling me for body parts by the end of the month, yeah? Which is probably the oddest thing I've ever said to anyone. But-''
Try to compose something that will make today better. Try to live up to my title of doctor, but more than that - of friend.
''I wanted to say something,'' Sherlock eventually mumbles, finally removing the other glove. Laying both on his lap. ''I didn't want to have to say the same thing twice, to you both. With John here, I only have to say it once.''
''That was simply incredible,'' I stammered awkwardly, the faint pulsing of heat in my face relaying to me an obvious fact: where lust was concerned, I was obviously attracted to the man before me.
His words this evening have been nothing but ambiguous, leading to multiple takes on a single subject. The only thing he admitted to, really, is that he is having trouble eating. But how and in what ways, and accompanied by whatever else could be classified as a disorder?
Because I was more or less home free. Running myself ragged would be something potentially 'problematic' - but it wouldn't necessarily indicate disorder. A firm talking to, some meaningless promises, and I would have been out of here with relative ease.
''Absolutely not. After this, I'm not doing any more tests. I'm not a lab rat, or a minor. I'm not someone you can manipulate, nor am I suicidal, or homicidal, and neither you - or anyone else - can hold me here against my will unless I am one or the other. And since I'm neither, I'd appreciate being left alone to recover my strength now.''
The sleeping bag we brought out in the later portion of the evening is half open now, with Sherlock's lanky form sprawled out within it. One of his fists has curled up against his temple, and it reminds me of the posturing of tiny infants who've fallen asleep on their back, clutching their little limbs up and near to their face.
Molly mutters her thanks, then fiddles with the tea spoon, and it clinks against her mug. It reminds me of wind chimes, on a sandy beach. Near Bristol. When I was a child. When I was 11, and Mycroft had more or less just adopted me. So to speak. And during our first summer away from our parents, we had shared a small apartment in the city, which Mycroft quickly outfitted with prints of grand master painters, mobile sculpture in the style of Alexander Calder, and a small library populated mostly with history and political science books.
Suffice it to say our status changed to that of best friends pretty quickly after this point, and later on – over a year later when he had reached his target weight - we became romantically involved.
''As a psychiatrist, I have seen patients with a resounding need to treat their own bodies in a robotic fashion. There is a condition called superadjustment to reality - have you heard of it?''
''I know you have, so please don't deny it. We are beyond that. I need to know what triggered this.''
''No - you're said precisely nothing. But I know you're worried about him, and call me paranoid - but I think this is a recent sort of worry. Last bit only? Not Sherlock's-going-to-overdose-on-nicotine-patches, though. Something else, am I right?''
I doubt any adult has ever put a photo of Sherlock up in full view. On a fridge, or on a mantle, or up overlooking a fire place.
''I can't speak for others, Sherlock,'' I attempt quietly, ''I can only speak for myself. And I know that if I loved a person, I would never leave them. Sex or no sex, love isn't just about sex. Sex may be part of a loving relationship, but love - to me - is above sex. Ok? It's the only thing that truly matters to me. The only thing that I ever was looking for when I dated, too.''
''Why would it matter to me who you-,'' and he pauses, not wanting to extrapolate; his tone and pitch more controlled now when he continues,''or if you do anything like that at all?''
One of the things I miss doing with regularity is getting coffee at the little neighbourhood cafes. The ones lined with old metal dining sets along the exterior. Little wooden signs proclaiming hours, and soft coloured curtains that pull closed towards the end of the day.
''Well, she doesn't know that Sherlock. She's helping the best she knows how with the limited information she's gleaned from the situation. Besides, you like plants - you read about them all the time.''
''Okay? It's really okay? I'm operating in the dark here. I don't want to make things worse,'' he clarifies.
When Mycroft continues on, it is almost in a whisper: "The hospital later informed me that he had swallowed his two bottles of anti-anxiety medication. He had also cut his thighs and genitals with a parcel blade. Luckily, most of the wounds were superficial, but the attending doctor in the critical care unit realized that the form of mutilation Sherlock had inflicted upon himself was suggestive of sexual abuse because of both the location and the aggression of the cuts, and Sherlock was transferred to an adolescent psychiatric ward. I was, as you can imagine, accosted by social workers repeatedly and questioned about any potential incestuous on goings between myself and Sherlock."
''You feel a little hot, and you didn't feel this warm earlier. I noticed you seemed a bit congested as you were falling asleep. Does your throat hurt as it would if you were getting a cold or a flu?,'' I inquire gently, to which he nods.
“You also mentioned the other week that you tried contacting your biological father last year. That he did not accept your request to see him and that he insisted that you do not contact him ever again. You learned that you have two half-sisters who you have also been asked not to contact. That understanding is another massive blow. Not only that, but you have talked about how your feelings for John have become more complicated over this previous year, as well. It creates an unsettling feeling for anyone – when feelings for a person who means a great deal to you shift – because it opens you up to perceived risk. The risk of knowing something is shifting and might become better – but not the assurance of everything going well. This is unknown territory for you.”
"One morning, after coming home late from a business meeting, I found my brother in his room with the lights turned off. I knew something was wrong the moment I entered the flat. When I listened carefully I could hear that he was crying. And Sherlock never cried. Not even when he had been small and he was being abused."
''It's important to let yourself off the hook. I would bet you don't usually let yourself get away with much. Not when it comes to emotionally connecting with people. With upholding the other person. And that must be tiring for you. To maintain that level of responsibility, all the time.''
''It's going to be okay,'' I parse slowly. Taking the time to enunciate each word. ''You're getting better, and it's okay to not be 100% right now. It's *okay* to be where you are right now.''
Flicking on the switch, I realize the light is dim. At least the fan works. Spritzing out some of the spray, I let it set against the sink and start in on the tub, frowning when I catch sight of the bottom of the steel around the drain. It looks corroded, as if someone has poured bloody acid down the damn thing. Quote unquote 'someone.'
''Maybe I should worry. You are acting unnaturally well behaved tonight, aren't you?,'' and she flashes me a smile, which I try to return.
Sherlock is about to open his mouth in response, when Lestrade quickly interjects, ''Be real careful what you want to add to the conversation right now, Sherlock.''
"Mmm," he agrees, "so you think I'd reason through this sort of crime like a child? I'm flattered, John, reall-"
''You have to let it go. Whatever it is, whatever is going around and around in your mind - you have to let it go. Give it to us. And if you can't do that, just give it to *me*. I can carry it for a bit. I promise.''
“Can you repeat what you last said?,” I murmur gingerly. “I couldn’t make it out, I’m sorry. Can you repeat it?”
''It's speculative. I'm not saying any of this even relates to Sherlock. But eating disorders often occur first in adolescence. It is rarer for them to occur in an adult without prior history.''
''Oh, coconut help belly. Make light and free. Have lemongrass helps. Cháo for friend, like congee - nice on belly. Lemongrass Cháo, yes?,'' and the little man - who can't be much taller than 5 feet - is now talking directly to Sherlock. ''Number 81. No meat, just Cháo - I add lemongrass, make tasty?''
“Toast and eggs,” he supplies, still studying me before coming closer. “Plus a little something-something for you,” he says with put-upon levity. “Ta da!,” and a bottle of teal cold and flu medicine drops into my lap.
''John, stop it,'' he begs suddenly, balling his hands into fists and smacking at his lap in frustration.
"I promise I will not mention what you are about to tell me with Sherlock. Not unless he brings it up, of course," I clarify slowly, my heart pounding far too loudly in my ears.
John sits up after a few minutes when he realizes that I need to be silent and process what he’s said, before he wanders into the kitchenette.
“Still. That could have been all the stressor you needed. That one thing alone, Sherlock, could have made you feel lost and unprepared for upcoming events. Given your history, that’s all that needed to be causing you anxiety to have had you scrambling to find something for which you could control. And with everything else, including the case with the children - these were all undeniably huge taxes on your already taxed psychological reserves. Any one of them could have triggered a relapse, and you experienced three emotionally destabilizing events that target different emotional states in a very short period of time.”
His lips are against mine, and they are soft - but neither completely wet or dry. They feel moisturized and I have the sudden urge to laugh against Sherlock's mouth. Because I don't usually think about things like lip wetness when someone is kissing me. And maybe it is just the alcohol, but-
My hand goes to grab at a now-cold cup of chicken noodle soup. The pasta has gone a neon yellow, absorbing the dye from the broth. The noodles feel limp in my mouth, but I swallow them down hurriedly, knowing that once Sherlock is out of surgery I may not get another break for some time.
John steers me to the living room. He's pulled out the chesterfield. Fitted the pull out with extra sheets, fresh blankets.
It's a lie, of course. My favourite food never has been and never will be digestives, but I can see a small sealed packet on his breakfast tray. Untouched. Not even opened. In fact, none of his food looks touched - something that Donovan herself noticed almost immediately after sitting down.
Damnit, I haven't talked to him for weeks. Not since John's cryptic e-mail exchange with me over a fortnight ago.
I have worked as a therapist for almost 20 years, and yet I still find that certain subjects make my throat ache with sadness. Certain admissions are harder to hear than others, and always will be, but one of the more jolting admissions is when I hear people approach the subject of food with actual fear, and sometimes with disgust.
''But-,'' and I lick my lips, not knowing if I am overstepping a personal boundary, ''you told me you were in the clinic. At Evelina, when you were 13. You told me you had cut yourself very deeply. Don't you think that maybe - for a long time, perhaps - you've been doing things to yourself to get that anger out? Harming yourself because you can't harm him?''
Suddenly, and it's a real moment of deja vu, Sally Donovan holds up a finger. A be-the-fuck-quiet-and-let-me-talk finger.
"Well, we have all the ingredients to make a sauce. We have tomatoes, peppers, onions, butter, cheese... the appropriate herbs."
"You didn't do anything wrong?," I repeat slowly, as if trying to ascertain that - yes, that's really what he's said. "You punched a man, Sherlock! A child's parent! For all intents and purposes - a victim in his own right. You broke his nose! There may be real consequences here! There may be charges - do you even understand that?"
''Sherlock? Would you like a tea? Or would you prefer something that arguably contains fruit juice? Even if it's just from concentrate?''
''Why did you say 'sorry' right now? Why 'sorry'? Out of everything you could have said right now - you tried to apologize. Apologize for being hurt.''
Even so, my mouth is watering. Dreams are plaguing me. They aren't classically scary, or frightening. They are not of abuse. They are not of being hurt. They are not gory or perverse. But they scare me all the same. Because in the last three nights, they have been dreams of feeding. Eating, but of out control eating. Feeding that doesn't stop.
I exhale, suddenly understanding that if this is just how he needs to play it, I'll do my best to follow along.
I nudged the creamers over towards him; he picked up both packets of sugar and poured them into his beverage.
"Hmm?," he asks absently, once more looking for the box of dried green and orange tortellini from the Italian market. "Do you like pesto sauce?"
"After Sherlock had been with me for a few years - after the dust had settled, so to speak - I tried to get him to discuss certain things. I certainly didn't want him to feel coerced into talking to me. He refused to talk to me all the same, no matter what tactic I attempted to get him to open up."
''I'm fine. Completely fine,'' he says firmly, an edge of something sharp and harsh and unyielding in his tone.
I remain mute, while Sherlock repeats the motion I had observed earlier and then suddenly proclaims, ''John is concerned about my eating. Primarily.''
''Yes. I'm done,'' she agrees, removing her hand, removing the cold metal, and pulling my t-shirt back down over my chest and belly.
He is defending Sherlock. He is defending Sherlock's at-times off-putting mannerisms. He is defending the very fact that my best friend is so caustically reactive, and secretive.
''You don't get to tell me what to do,'' he huffs indignantly, turning back to the wall with a flourish. ''Besides, I need to sleep. Toby's being released in a few days, and he still won't talk. I need to get him to talk, or he might be walking back into a snake pit and the person who hurt him again might have access to him a second time.''
"One last thing," - and I'm stalling, I know it. But he's hurting, and I know he's hurting. And I hate it. "Do you think you might start listening to me now when I tell you that you need to get more sleep? This whole...incident...could have been avoided with rest. Minimized, most certainly. You must realize that."
''Okay, I get it. You feel cut off from expressing your needs, or maybe even confused by knowing if you want to need anyone. But it doesn't negate the fact that both of us are facing something new and intense, and that we both might feel a bit uncertain about what's happening. You aren't alone in feeling confused, Sherlock. And we will face that together, and we can talk to Yuri. I know it scares you,'' I get out, haunted, ''I can only imagine how it might feel. But you are not defective, you are not destroyed. And, despite everything else - you owe me nothing physically.''
''No - later,'' John says firmly, ''We haven't had dinner yet. He has an ulcer, Greg. He can't afford to miss meals like he has been doing. Not any more.''
A.N: So we are trying something new; a Molly POV. Why? Perhaps because I self-identify as being the most 'like' Molly and want to see how writing such a chapter would go. :)
"You don't need to help "us both"! Nothing would have happened to Mycroft!," Sherlock hisses. "Why would anyone have hurt Mycroft?"
I pull back, stunned at his vehemence. The anguished taint to his voice, to his insistence that he needs this beast in his life.
''You can help me prepare dinner later, too, if you want. I'm not expecting you to eat a lot - it doesn't have to be much, but you do have to take care of your stomach, or else will be right back at the-''
I don't say anything else. I don't know what else to say; how to properly order the complexity of what I feel.
Nothing for a few seconds, but then my throat grows warm and swollen when I hear his hiss of breath and a shudder belying tears that have - as always - been repressed. Because he isn't opening the door, but he is listening.
We walk the 15 blocks back to his flat side-by-side. I give him a playful glance when he stops and gets another beverage on the way home. I do not remind him that coffee is no substitute for dinner, since I am assuming that John is already overlooking most of Sherlock's meals.
''For five days I BEGGED you to talk to me! I felt wretched. And you had no idea how much it hurt! Every time you did that. But in front of my Uni friends? They knew, Sherlock! Some of them knew, and I know it doesn't matter to you one way or the other - but I didn't always think of myself as a 'genius', you know!''
But somehow that information just seems so wholly possible in relation to what I'd quickly come to learn about Sherlock that I wasn't all too surprised, either.
''Because I cared for him, John. I wanted to show him that. That's what - that's what you're supposed to do when you love someone, isn't it?''
That Sherlock is a loved one. We may not be lovers, but that doesn't mean that he's not loved with the same intensity and focus that I've had for any of my sexual partners. In fact, if I were being completely honest to myself, I would have to admit that none of my sexual partners came close to inspiring the same feelings of protectiveness and affection as Sherlock generates within me.
Mycroft is now gazing at his umbrella. His eyes glow like hot coals in his face - features nipped into something sour, something hurt.
His older writings, scrawled on loose-leaf in Yuri's office (and was that really only several weeks ago?) lingers in my mind. How he spoke about the difficulty of getting better if too much attention was placed on him.
I walk eight streets north and then proceed four blocks to my right, wandering on over to a small park. At this hour no one is around, and the street lamps shine eerily down onto the cobblestone that winds throughout the area. I walk over to a park bench and sit down, adjusting the violin, and getting comfortable before beginning to play. I choose a piece by Sarasate, and let my body play the music with almost manic rapidity. I put all my anger and rage into my playing, and the music suffers for it, I am sure; by the end of the 9 minutes, however, I am actually feeling emotionally lanced. Almost as if someone took a scalpel and opened a putrescent wound. Lighter, inside, maybe. Less constricted in my throat and chest and lungs. My chest feels open again, and I pull the violin closer to my cheek, closing my eyes and letting my hands proceed to work out basic scales. It's a meditative pattern, and I am soothed by the rhythmic motion.
''I'm not that bad yet,'' he reiterates, and my musings shift and re-orient on our present. Us together, us together on the tube. The two of us, in now-time. Sherlock, 113 lbs and 6 ft 1, wearing too many layers, but somehow seeming so much better in the course of only three days. A Tim Burton leanness. Unnatural, but his eyes. God, his eyes. Not hopeful enough in himself, but hope that he turns on me. His lips, no longer quite so cracked. Making eye contact. Furtive eye contact. But trying so damnably hard.
''I really do love you, Sherlock. You know that, right?,'' and his voice sails across my head. A cloud on a dream landscape, and I am warm.
I find it difficult to imagine a reality whereby Sherlock would ever willingly hold onto Donovan at all.
''I have been in your position countless times, John,'' Mycroft states knowingly. ''So I understand the frustration. Do you think throughout the years I haven't had to restrain myself from just reaching over and shaking him? None of that works, however; I promise you that much.''
Hello, everyone. I have wanted to do an update for some time to explain my absence. (It was never my intention to let this story go without an update for such a long time).
''Without breaking confidentiality agreements, Sherlock - I can say with pretty much utmost assurance that I think Yuri would want you to call him back,'' and John walks up to the sink, then rinses out his bowl before motioning to my toppled-dinner. ''And I'm not cleaning that up. You're going to have to clean some of this stuff up yourself from now on.''
"You must have read up on the psychology of those who have been hurt that way," I begin cautiously, feeling as if any wrong word might set my temperamental flatmate off. "Especially in childhood. Those are such important years, emotionally more than anything else. You're still forming your judgements about morality then. About right and wrong, and it's easy to prey on a child. It's easier to make a child feel complicit in something that's wrong, but also easier to convince them that they've somehow contributed to the crime. That they've somehow earned it."
Yuri's texts didn't sound alarming, but they did hold a note of insistence that I get back to the flat and back to Sherlock. 'Right now' was the feeling conveyed. And I've never received a text from Yuri like that before. I've never sensed such urgency from him before.
Sherlock knotted the gauze, bit at the ends with his teeth, then rolled Toby's red and blue shirt back over the temporary binding.
Because if I want to help Sherlock, I also have to take care of myself. Which means that I, too, need to sleep enough, need to eat enough, need to do what I need to do so that I stay healthy.
I pull my hand away, and the soft motions of John's hand against my own immediately stops. He doesn't resist me, and he doesn't attempt the motion again.
“You don’t need to be afraid of John, as a person, to be afraid of the situation or changes to your relationship status. Any change from what you’ve established as your norm, your normal platonic friendship - is a stressor. This is true for anyone, by the way. The primary difference, I feel, is one of intensity in your case. John isn’t just your friend. He’s your best friend, and a person that you live with and work with on cases. And all of this is occurring during a time when you are already experiencing additional turmoil. In your situation, especially given what you experienced as a child, the issues surrounding romantic feelings or intimacy could-“
''Relationship subjects. Not just friendship, though friendship can be complicated enough. But sexual relationships, perhaps. You've seen me date women, make time for them, try to work with others to find a partner for an...activity that you really don't get the point of, or at least don't understand the attraction for, and I think maybe that's been making you feel isolated or perhaps even more different. Or am I completely wrong?''
I know there probably is a name for what I am doing in the annals of psychotherapy journals and diagnostic manuals. I have, of course, never read much about it because I suspect I would be unnerved by the content of my actions. By what it really means about my mental health, or lack thereof.
The squawking shriek of my alarm wakes me at 6:00 am. I have an early morning shift and am moving like molasses, so I've forced myself to get up early.
Sherlock is questioned about his injuries and relies on his standard contemptuousness to keep others at bay.
''Dr. Pascal's office. Marnie speaking,'' a woman says easily, softly. I wonder if there is some sort of school where they train secretaries who want to work in psychiatrists offices. Surely most people off the street don't naturally answer the phone like Marcy or Marnie or whatever her name answers the phone.
''I don't need your help,'' I wheeze a couple seconds later. ''Just a stomach-ache. Just a bit hard to breathe.''
Sherlock - who hates early morning anyways and always - is absent from the living room. Surprise, surprise.
so for awhile, it was - on the whole - easier to manage the short bouts of sexual activity that victor established as our norm.
Mrs. Hudson smiles. ''There is French lineage, on his mother's side. Did you know that he and his brother actually attended a public school in France when they were little boys?''
''Okay, Toby. Until we find Hedwig, we are going to do some counting. We are going to start with 100, and we are going to count backwards by 7. What's the next number? Can you tell me what the next number might be?''
After a few minutes, I extricate myself from the chair. Fiddle with the volume on my phone. Ensure the blasted thing is on.
''I can't,'' he mouths again. And then again - the words almost soundless even in the quiet of the room, and I stare at him, distantly aware that my throat is on fire: swollen and achy and hot.
When I finally get off the tube, I meander around for a few minutes. Then I walk down Harrow Road and past an orange-red library, with white window frames. Quite grand, all things considered, and it's at least three stories tall.
''Come here,'' I seethe. And he stares at me with contempt, and something else that I cannot name right now. ''Get over here!'' and suddenly he is pliable, moveable, like a rag doll in my arms. And then my grip increases, and in his state I know I'll likely bruise his forearms, but it cannot be helped.
I can feel the weight of the pill container in my robe pocket. I pull it out and put it in front of him, not daring to swallow.
He breaks away, and his lips look slightly fuller than they usually do. Tinged with red. I feel something stir in my stomach again.
''Sherlock? You okay in there?,'' I called, suddenly aware of the boundaries I was crossing. Bisquick slumped to my side, seemingly at ease with Sherlock's dorm, although not Sherlock himself, now watched a colony of ants working this way and that, carrying pieces of what looked like toast or Hobnobs back towards an opening into the sand.
''I told you things,'' Sherlock barrels on, and I can see that tears are forming in his eyes. ''Things I never told anyone before. And this is how you repay my trust?!''
''He's not always the best at taking care of himself,'' I agree, feeling some lap of dread lick at the sides of my chest. ''He's so bright, in so many ways - but not when it comes to himself.''
Just as I am contemplating my own anger and the fact that none of it is really caused by Sherlock - that what I want is to lash out at the people who have hurt him, hurt him so fucking horribly...
Sherlock's face contorts, and he pants against my shoulder, ''I will fight all of you! All of you! Never-''
''Hi, Sarah,'' I say quickly, my voice trembling, ''I'm not going to be able to come in for a few days...''
''Well, sometimes I want to reach out and touch his hand. I know that sounds juvenile. I think maybe - maybe - I might even want to kiss him on the lips, the mouth, forehead. Which is still pretty intimate, and I know that. It's a very intense sort of affection, maybe. Obviously not platonic, though.''
''Oh hell, Lock,'' I encouraged, ''I'm sorry. I didn't think you'd get this upset. I thought it was just first-time jitters. Please calm down.''
I hesitate to ask for a razor. I can see my little self playing on the floor, shirtless. Underpants, that's all.
I bite down on my lip hard. Hard enough to draw blood, and he must realize that I'm trying to blot out his words, because he stops talking abruptly.
''I'm not mad, Sherlock. God, no. Not at you. But I'm scared because you have been pretty sick for awhile now, and you're telling me you had no idea that anything was wrong?''
"Yes, someone hurt your head and your eyes very badly, didn't they? And the doctors are going to help you heal. Soon, your head and eyes won't hurt anymore."
While I didn't start this, I also seem frozen in place. My brain is filled with chaotic static, hissing and making it hard to think.
''Then let me see your throat! Let me see your knuckles, too! And explain to me why a man who rarely picks up his own laundry has taken to bleaching the shower and toilet every day! Do you think I am stupid?''
“Because,” he starts. Stops. I hear him take a gasp of air. “Because I saw my spirit come out of my body and travel up the walls. I saw my body on the bed, and it wasn’t moving around anymore or making any noise, and my spirit could see it and it could see my father, and I didn’t feel anything. Not my inner body. Not my outer body. I couldn’t feel pain, or sadness, or fear. Just dead.”
As if he were half man, half child. As if he could simultaneously see more deeply than anyone I had ever known, but couldn't appreciate the human motivations behind the actions. He could piece the puzzle together, but when he stepped back to look at the finished product - his take on the art was always with the words of someone young, someone vulnerable.
''I can't believe I'm letting you do this,'' I whisper, uncharacteristically open. Then, as I realize that I've spoken aloud, and not simply in my head - I turn away. ''I'm sure I'm okay. You don't need to worry.''
''I don't know. Because you are talking about a lack, John! A lack of something! How do I possibly explain a lack of something? That's no different from asking a colour-blind person to describe a colour. They might be able to intellectually appreciate that in this world there are things that people call 'colours' and they might be able to feign that they see them! But they don't see them and asking them to describe the beauty of a sunset or to expound in any meaningful way about the reality of colours isn't going to do a whit of good! Because they can't see things that almost everyone else can see! And I'm like that! Only… with feeling things!''
Sherlock holds me to his body, let's his head dip down low, before resting against my own from an opposing direction.
I tie my sash firmly around my stomach and pad down as softly as I can to the living room, and then into the kitchen.
“I don’t see what that accomplishes,” I whisper. “So it applies to me. Poor little dissociative Sherlock. Oh boo hoo. Let’s all pity him,” I retort hotly, my face burning. “And you know what the worst thing is? That now I have to wake up each day and have people stare at me in understanding…“oh, that’s why he is such a freak!””
Sherlock stills, an odd smile gracing his mouth as he flexes his fingers back and forth. The bones pop and then recede through his flesh with the movement, like ripples in a pond.
''Perhaps it would make things easier diagnostically. However, I don't believe that life itself would be easier if things were black and white. I think it would make certain situations more haunting, in their immobility. In their fixed nature. There would be less of a chance of fixing the hurtful things. In reducing our pain, perhaps.''
He seems rooted to the spot. Two steps down on the landing, behind me. His gloved hands in his pockets, his coat jostling with the movement of his agitation.
''I'm fine, John,'' his voice warbles as he speaks, his face is dusted with pink, and his shoulders are clenched tight and up to his chin in tension.
"You cannot be serious! I had...no idea, Mycroft! No idea that he was in that much pain! We work on the most horrific cases, but you didn't even bother to give me a heads up. To let me know what might tip him over the edge!"
I wonder if that's what derealisation feels like. Except, without end. A sense of deep, profound disconnection from human love and connection. Surrounded in only blackness, and night. The endless state of being alone with your fears, your shames. No warmth, no connection to offer any hope. Nor make the burden lighter to carry.
His breathing starts to regulate, and I push my chair across the carpeting, closer to his own position. I don't want to crowd him, but I also don't want him to feel alone - or worse - as if I want to distance myself from him.
I bring over an extra duvet and put it around my flatmate. Once the main room light has been turned off, I can see the blackened smudging of exhaustion under Sherlock's eyes with greater pronouncement.
''Well,'' he starts again, and I listen attentively, ''should I maybe tell you some of the stuff that I told Yuri today? About my childhood?''
He's describing the most abnormal form of magical thinking. A compulsive ritual, born in his scariest moments on earth.
One night, we stayed out too late in the park playing Go. The sky moved from inky-blue to inky-black so rapidly that Sherlock and I had a bit of a time counting all the game pieces, even as the bright and powerful white lights of the campus turned on. Sherlock looked even paler and more surreal in the darkness. Snowflakes started to fall, which made the evening seem somewhat magical. Prettily romantic, though I dared not voice this thought.
''Ah, so I probably should head off then,'' I said in measured beats, and watched as Sherlock's head nodded. He'd become seemingly interested in arranging items on hangers, and I felt a bit silly for injecting myself into his dormitory without a proper invitation.
''No sweetheart, you don't,'' I pant out, my throat tight. Not comprehending the term of affection until it's out of my mouth in a rush.
''I wouldn't. Unless he broaches it on his own to you, I wouldn't ask him that yet. But I will call him, if you can commit to attending a session with us. As unorthodox as that is.''
''I will try. I-,'' and again, a sound of scratching. And then I think he has actually dropped the phone. His voice is softer when he comes back on. ''Do you want to talk to Molly?''
''What?,'' I hiss. ''No. I am not looking for a referral. I am looking for a doctor that I can actually get through a session with! Are you being intentionally dense? You just said you had two free session times per week - Mondays and Fridays, at 2 pm.''
''I have never believed that those who are suicidal start out actively wanting to die,'' Yuri says more softly now, tucking away Adam's photos and locking his desk cabinet. ''I believe that a person can get trapped in a moment so intensely fueled by despair that they reach out for anything that might blot out those feelings. They spiral from one bright moment of upset into the next. In these cases - such people often die suddenly, painfully. Violently. Impulsively.''
''I think you know what this is. I think you know that you have an eating disorder. And I think you are scared.''
''Sherlock,'' he begins cautiously, carefully. Confused to my assertions that contradict his earlier experiences. ''You had tea.''
While behaviours related to self-care can obviously be considered healthy or unhealthy, the word 'bad' is generally tied to something skirting the moral sphere. Bad gets linked to guilt or innocence. It gets linked to the very notion that they, the patient, is somehow inferior in a particular area. Either incompetent, or even unworthy of continued efforts.
I look about the establishment. Catch one of those hackneyed ''Keep calm and carry on'' posters on the wall.
''It's never felt this raw before. It hasn't hurt at all. I don't even think it hurt this much when it happened the first time. Why now?,'' and his voice is barely a whisper, as he looks at me - as if imploring me to help him make some sort of sense out of a situation that makes no sense at all. And never will make sense.
I turn around slowly, the heat of my flesh melting the frost on the sidewalk beneath the soles of my feet.
''I am calling John, and we are having a discussion about which hospital you should be admitted to tonight.''
Lately the light has been hurting my eyes more than it normally does even though I've always been photo-sensitive.
Sherlock glances back to the screen; Yoda has been frozen in place. In the midst of Dagobah, piggybacking on Luke Skywalker's white-shirted frame.
I fresh wave of anger heats up my core, and Sherlock must be aware of it, because he rushes to soothe me.
"I've never read any of these Harry Potter books. Should I give them a shot?," and I point to the novel.
''Sherlock...when I date, I don't always love the person I date. I mean it's attraction, and it may start as a physical attraction, but-''
When the camera begins to blink in red tandem with the other medical equipment, Donovan turns to me, her mouth pursed.
Right now, I cannot tell what need is stronger. To clearly warn people away. Or to tone down everything about me so much that I fade into the background.
“Your vision for almost everything around you is eagle-eyed. It is precise, and scholarly in its detail. But not when it comes to yourself. When it comes to how you see yourself there is an absence of clear sight. Your ‘notes’ are barely that. They are a bare, short hand version meant to fulfill an assignment but they do not come from the same place that you access when you work on a case. When you look at me, and make a declaration – those determinations come from a different place, too. One that doesn’t cause you pain. And because it doesn’t cause you pain you can engage with the objective of your focus. Be it me, or Molly, or a suspect on a case. Because you are actively engaged in the material. But you are not actively engaged in yourself-”
Additionally, his entire family was wholly supportive of not only my work and my boundless enthusiasm and friendship with their son but of our progressively evolving relationship. They accepted me when my own parents had essentially disowned me and over time I became wholly committed to them as well.
But it's hard not to think he's cute. I mean, I'm not sexualizing John. And anyway - cute and sexy - are two very different things, aren't they?
''You okay?,'' I frown, padding over to the bed. What he's doing resting in my room at all I don't know, but for whatever reason he's decided to drop here. I try to tell myself that this means he trusts me enough to come to me when he's in pain.
Or maybe he just doesn't want to consider the chance that he'd be right. And I couldn't blame him for not wanting to see.
"I am almost done. Just a few more moments. But what I have to say next is perhaps more important than anything else. So please do not leave just yet."
I've painted myself as pathetic and weak and ugly and stupid and impulsive and egotistical. Especially as of late.
There was something grounding about recalling the events that seem so nebulous, with renewed colour. The original memory, of course, is generally hazy - which is a fact that generates alarming anxiety for me. Any time before when I had fashioned my mind palace feels somewhat unreal, and I've always been afraid of that very thing: feeling unreal. And those memories? Those precise memories?
I realize then that I definitely did not dress for the weather, and put my macchiato down on a nearby fence post ledge to blow hot air into my cupped hands.
I hiccough a laugh, and I hear him stir in surprise. Feel his gaze burn the back of my head like an intense laser beam.
''Jesus,'' I muttered, somewhat off-put, ''Why are you pulling this act? I thought we were making some sort of progress, tonight. What's going on with you?''
''Nothing that happened to you was your fault, do you hear me? You didn't want it to happen! You didn't ask for it to happen in any way! You didn't deserve for it to happen! He hurt you because he was incredibly sick. If he didn't hurt Mycroft in that way it still doesn't mean he didn't hurt Mycroft. He couldn't love Mycroft any more than he could have loved you, and I think Mycroft knows that. Because you were a victim, Sherlock. Innocent. You were a toddler - you absolutely were - and he hurt you as cruelly as someone could have hurt anyone, and-''
"Jesus Christ," and John's voice comes out in such a way that I doubt he meant to speak at all. In fact, if pallor was determined by octaves, by notes - he would be several notes paler right now. "Can I please sit down?," he questions, but it's obviously rhetorical because he's already moving to sit down besides me.
It is a secret yearning - to be held - but one I am doubtful I will ever let myself receive fully or openly.
''Don't say it like that!,'' he says in agony, now crossing his arms over his torso. ''Don't say...don't say that.''
"You are studying me. And it's not in your nature to study people. Therefore, I don't like it. I don't like what it means."
''It's too dark,'' he cried, plaintively. ''I want- I want,'' he garbled, probably not really knowing what he wanted at all.
It seemed almost ritualistic. But if it were, then I'd take that over his continued refusal to eat anything.
I walk a few paces away and find a sugar-free cappuccino mix. Wonder if this will be suitable for my fussy flatmate. There are no smiling children anywhere on this package. I deem it safer for that reason alone.
''I don't know what to say to that. It's complicated. Relationships are complicated. No two cases are alike, and-''
The reasons behind why people abuse their own bodies or torment themselves in other ways is actually quite voluminous.
My hair is air drying and already starting to curl when I return to the kitchen; John is serving the tortellini into two chartreuse bowls.
''Those are the same thing, John,'' Sherlock whispers. ''In this case, at any rate, they amount to the same thing.''
“You have trained your sight on everyone and everything else that happens outside of yourself. You have made that impeccable, breathtaking skill into more than just a science. You have made it an art form. And because you have that skill – an exquisite skill – because of that, I have some hope here – that one day you will feel better. I can hope that with your mind and your ability to see deeper than anyone I have ever met – you can one day apply that same ability to your own life. But you cannot see yourself clearly right now. Right now your perception is warped, and it’s wrong. On this issue, it’s dead wrong.”
I may not have pushed him with threats of sectioning. I wasn't threatening him with anything as logical as that.
''I want - part of me wants, I mean-,'' and his voice is now quiet, measured, the tears restrained. ''I want to do this and I don't want any intervention.''
''This has nothing to do with you, and it is none of your business!,'' and his eyes suddenly look red. He also looks ready to jolt away from me, so I reach out and touch his hand with my own.
"Yes," my tone is brisk. "Yes, to whatever Mycroft said - yes. I don't see why it is important now. I didn't do any lasting harm to myself, according to the doctors. Not that it would change my life at present one way or the other if I had. And we both know I don't have time for carnal pursuits, even if I had the interest. Which I don't. Little Sherlock's were never on my to-do list anyway, so there is no loss there." I pat his shoulder in mock sympathy, a heady anger making me want to hurt him. John and his lovers. John and his normality. Obviously not understanding a whit of it. But trying to act like he understands.
John gives me a small grin, but this time it's mixed with relief. Because he probably thinks he is getting through to me.
And it should hardly matter. He's Sherlock's older brother. He should go to bat for his younger brother. He should be mad at me. But it still unnerves me. Heck, why do I feel this way? I feel like I backed over some kid's puppy with a car.
"How old were you when that happened? When everything 'turned blue'?," I whisper. "How old, Sherlock?"
Sherlock swallows, his adam's apple bulging, holding, before pressing back down amidst a sea of milky white flesh.
''Did you make fresh coffee, or did you just use up whatever refuse was still remaining in the pot?''
''It's fast, and thready. You didn't bring up much, but it could still be compounded with low blood sugar. What's your blood pressure at as an average? Do you know?''
I make myself some tea, using the new creamer that Sherlock has purchased. I remove a yellow post it note from the desk drawer in the living room and scrawl a ''Thank you for the creamer! I really appreciate it! - John :)''
So I press against the metallic cross-walk sign. Press the button. Ignore the shuffled, scraping sound from behind me.
He looks abandoned. A little child, lost in a maze, without water or food. Secluded from humanity for a thousand years. He looks dizzy with his upset.
The teddy bear hits the window's edge, and the little boy reaches down - out of sight - for his friend.
Sherlock smiles back faintly, and it's a relief to see that he's finally coming around. Starting to calm down as he takes off his coat.
It will include some scenes which could be seen as overtly sexual, but I don't want to give too much away, yet. Because while the chapter is about instigating sex, dealing with desire, and dealing with trust - it's mostly about John schooling Sherlock on what he wants for his friend. And what he wants most for Sherlock - is for Sherlock to be at peace.
''No, you're not,'' I respond with assuredness. Because this is one argument he can't win. ''You are many things. Things that are wonderful and rare and supremely talented. But you are not that. You are not a freak, and you have never been a freak.''
I smirk, amused that between John and myself, we'd at least ensured that the blasted man went hungry for the rest of his day.
A drizzly rain sheets down against the pavement, and the outside world looks excessively grey. The sky is also grey, but edging towards purple as black clouds edge in over the buildings and threaten to envelope the parking lot. I holler for a cab, and deposit myself into the black compartment after giving instructions to head to Baker Street.
I squeeze his hand, again, since hugs have become more awkward for me. Especially since his return from the hospital. His pale, beaten throat against my neck, and the muscles of his torso pulling in as he tries not to breathe. Tries not to exhale. Tries to keep his form, already so withered, as constricted as possible. As if, by touching him, he wants me to feel the bones of his body and not the small remainder of what exists of his musculature.
''Alright,'' he starts with some measure of grit in his voice, ''I simply want to know one thing, Sherlock. Is this an aligned goal? Are you committed to working with John and trusting his guidance? I need complete assurance and honesty that you will work with him consistently and confide in him when you feel weak. No lies, no obfuscations of the truth. You work with him, or you can work it out at a clinic that specializes in the types of issues of which you suffer.''
Even the old remembrance of that pain could take me back to the edge, now. So I talk, even if I want to say nothing.
Finally I have WIFI again! Yes! *Raises fist in the air, and pumps it.* I'm terribly busy, but I am so happy to be able to write again. Please excuse my absence. It wasn't by choice. Thanks guys...for always writing me, and for your support.
And then I hear the croaking, groaning ache of the stairs as someone ascends. A few seconds later, there is a light knock against the frame.
''I never imagined there was anything scaring you about this subject. I just thought you didn't care,'' I admit at last. ''I guess I had started to think you were an asexual,'' and I let out a little bark of laughter to helpfully get him to relax.
I sigh, and stand up slowly disliking the emotional bridge that he's trying to build between us. That he feels he needs to create.
''You know you've been a little off. On this case. Explain it to me, and I'll explain it to Lestrade.''
"Why don't you take your favourite colour and I'll take my favourite colour, and we can write to one another?"
Which the psychiatrist obviously receives, as he nods to me, his eyes radiating a sort of severity I haven't yet seen before, and he gets up from his chair and walks around the desk. Comes to sit down in the chair opposing Sherlock's own. Looks at Sherlock. Looks Sherlock in the eye, but doesn't mention the bruising of his neck.
''Hell - I'm a dad. I have young kids myself. My youngest is around Toby's age. You know that I think, yeah? And when Sherlock told me what he suspected had happened - even when we first saw that body by the train tracks, just motionless? Bleeding and wet and how he looked like some little stuffed doll? The rain - everything - it just froze me, John. I couldn't stop thinking...'what if that was my boy?'' And I'm supposed to be good at separating my emotions. But I couldn't. Because some part of it was personal to me, in a way. Because Toby reminded me...of my kid.'
To my credit, they were only dreams. Not consciously brought about for my own pleasure. Not fantasies in the truest sense, not in the way that most use the term.
I turn away, my heart thumping away. I rub my tongue over my teeth, realizing that they still feel porous from my earlier vomiting session. They feel porous and contaminated, and if I eat right now - when I feel like this - it's just going to make me retch again. I know it will.
''What happened?,'' I test, confused as to how Sherlock wound up at Molly's flat in the first place.
John hasn't done anything to me; he's only ever done everything for me that could indicate concern and friendship and loyalty.
''Oh you people,'' Sherlock whispers, evidentially very frustrated. ''Someone tried to KILL Toby, or have you all conveniently forgotten how his skull was partially bashed in?''
Suddenly, I have a much greater respect for Mycroft Holmes. While at one point I may have thought of the elder Holmes as being annoyingly meddling - now I see a conflicted sibling, and a staunch advocate. One who, since childhood, has done the best in his own way to save a brother no one else tried to save.
The pain becomes a line of crimson that wells up to form a river along my arm, or along my leg, or along territories of flesh far more embarrassing to address, and far more sensitive in their reception of aggression. My inner thighs, and higher still. Places so risky, so revealing - that I've been made hot-faced by the meaning of it all.
''I could be! I'm incapable of feeling love, John. I've never felt it. Not for my mother. Not for Mycroft - even though Mycroft was kind to me when no one else was. I want to feel it, but I can't. The very idea of it terrifies me, and I don't know why! I'm scared of the one thing that everyone says you need before anything else!,'' his voice has taken on a frantic edge.
What scares me is that accompanying the red-flickering cross and the night and the wasted sense of hope I can suddenly recall a scent, too. A memory-scent of antiseptic. And a memory-taste of blood.
My mind is hissing suggestions at me; none of them are kind. But that is nothing new, and nothing I haven’t experienced countless times a day for the entirety of my time on earth.
''Are you there?,'' I clarify, knowing full well that he is there and yet wanting to prompt him to act and say something.
For the record - there is no Sherlock in this chapter (boooo! I know). It's necessary to link what is to come (a conduit-chapter). It's laying the groundwork for future chapters. And it introduces you much more to Yuri, and his style of therapy.
His eyes immediately darted to my Bingley terrier, and as his sight settled on my crabby pet, the man's eyes had seemed to soften.
''How much have you told him about Victor?,'' he asks carefully. Deliberately. ''Really told him, I mean?''
''Sherlock,'' he implores, taking my hand and giving it a light jostle. ''Do you know how paranoid that sounds?''
''I should be happier. I...,'' he pauses, looks at me, ''and you. I mean, you know more now - and I told you,'' and his voice drops down to the lowest octave. ''Enough. About it, before - what happened when I was little, and about all,'' and he points to his legs, as if they sum up the whole of his issues, ''this, and Yuri said that's supposed to help. To confide in someone. Which I've done. You said that's supposed to help, too. Everyone says that, but it doesn't feel like that. It feels like the reverse. I don't understand why...because it didn't feel this badly when I kept it all to myself, and I hate that that's the case. I know that's not how it's supposed to work at all.''
He's the colour of milk. And oddly enough, his lower throat looks slightly bruised. I can see blue-purple tinges about his clavicle.
Molly lets out an exhale, pent up, and then asks, ''Do you want to call him? Let him know that you're here? That you're okay?''
He has started running at the age of 11, and the amount of time he devoted to this activity had grown from a modest twenty minutes in the morning before school, to over 30 kilometers a day... every day of the week.
''Sherlock,'' I test, moments later. Maybe minutes later, I am not sure. It takes me awhile before I trust myself to speak. ''I will always love you. I don't love you for your body - though your body is...it's great,'' I cough, surprised at my words, confused by my feelings, and I shake my head in self-irritation, ''I love you for you. I never would ask you for sex, and I never would expect it. I don't want that with you. Not just because I know bits and pieces of your childhood, but because I wouldn't demand it of anyone even if I loved them. Even if they had the best childhood... it's not about that to me. Love to me doesn't have to equal sex. Okay? It doesn't change...that I love you. It doesn't change that at all.''
Just a distant, daily dose of something that used to control how I thought and spoke and acted. And how I planned what to do, and what to say to Mycroft, and what to deny, too.
''I have no doubt that you could have kept your eyes closed, could have touched me how you thought I'd like to have been touched, could have even had sex. That's what concerns me - how readily you'd engage in all of that when you are afraid at all!''
''I didn't know that,'' I whisper. Because all I can do is whisper right now. My throat is too tight for anything else. ''Does Mycroft know that was your fear?''
He's not lost in thought. He's simply ignoring my obvious attempts to engage with him in any meaningful way.
Because - while in most day to day interactions very few authority figures could ever generate a sense of anxiety for me, if there is one group of individuals who come close - it would be psychiatrists. Probably some ugly holdover from my early adolescence and Mycroft's enforced therapy sessions.
"Did you take something?," he parses his words carefully as he opens a cabinet - evidentially looking for something for tea, not meeting my eyes now. "Some sort of medication, perhaps?"
After all, he was with Sherlock on countless other occasions where his brother was hospitalized. He was there for a suicide attempt. He was present when his then 13-year old brother sliced up his legs with a razor. He was present, as a child, in the house that generated so much fear, and rage, and heartbreak for my best friend. And maybe, one day - maybe - I'll be in a position to encourage Mycroft to seek his own help, so that he can purge his own experiences. Because I have no doubt in my mind that he's suffered, and probably far more perniciously than the world around him would have ever expected.
Eight years old, and eyes swollen and red. Daddy's straight razor in my hand. My underpants are stained. The boy hiccoughs out a cry, and runs daddy's straight razor over his wrist lightly.
On the morning when Harrison was found, his body was covered in the whiteness of the mist and splayed out by a gusting chill. Graying leaves clumped about his body, as if nature herself had already started the burial process. Tried to place him under the protection of her own brittle shelter. Tried to make a kinder bed for his remains than the one that had been fashioned for him by human hands.
He's quiet, but he lets me sidle in alongside him. When I am positioned perpendicular to his form, I nudge his form.
''Of course I noticed patterns in your moods. I could see how sometimes you were clutched up in this...darkness. And I figured it was the steep price for your brilliance. But more than that, I knew that my observance of it was nothing to the experience you were undergoing, and I admired you even more for getting through it. Every single time getting through it, and then going back to work and always carrying on. I could see how it almost seemed to ravage you, those moods, and I felt so helpless. But I didn't feel hopeless because I knew you would make it through.''
Sherlock's head comes to rest against my clavicle, and he repositions himself in such a way as to slump against my side.
''Umm,'' I start, sounding like a complete idiot. I pause and gather my thoughts. ''May I speak to Dr. Pascal, please?''
In my mind, before his body had ever been found - when I had still been hoping Sherlock would come to the rescue - I had thought of Harrison as our 'lucky seven.'
Watching him fascinated me at any time, of course, but even more so as his eyelids closed with sleepiness as the wine worked its way through his vessels. His body lost an edge of tenseness as he relaxed.
"Don't give me the run around! Admit it! You just think I'm weak and damaged! In need of being watched 24-7 lest I try to cut my body open again with an exacto blade! Or did Mycroft not get that far in his disclosure?"
''Maul other students that come too near, unaware of his temper?,'' the violinist responded tartly. ''Do you really feel that's the best course of action?''
''But it's not-,'' and John's voice sounds tense and pained. ''It wasn't all the time. It's not all the time now, is it?''
"For about two years we soldiered on in a sort of silent pact. I would not press him on the subject, and he would continue to grow and learn and be himself, in safety - knowing, of course, that he could always confide in me if he felt the need to discuss what had happened. But growing up is hard, John. It is hard for many children, and doubly so for those who are dealing with the repressed feelings that I knew he was dealing with. And so my little brother continued to grow, in every way you'd expect of a child his age."
''I don't have time to discuss pointless drivel, John. I need to get back to the hospital and speak to-''
I hesitate for a second, not sure how to proceed. Yuri does not talk like any other counselor or psychiatrist I have ever spoken to in my life. And they usually have a game. I don't know what Yuri's game is, and that makes me feel agitated.
''Jesus, Sherlock! Do you hear yourself?! You forced yourself to engage in sex with this man, because you thought *he* wanted to have sex? What about what you wanted?''
John's eyes are scanning my body, scanning my face. He's desperately trying to meet my eyes. Desperately trying to make eye contact.
"No, but-," my eyes catch sight of Sherlock's feet. One is turning purple. A curlicue ribbon of red is swirling away from his bare legs. It almost looks too pretty to be blood.
Mycroft is now looking up at me with a perplexed look on his face, as if he's never truly seen me before.
Toby does. He lets out a gasp, and then clamps down against his lips, his small hands railing against mine.
Cold East Indian food sounds perfect for a morning meal, and I'm not even joking. Which is a good thing, considering the flat is low on anything actually edible.
I settle down on a stool, and watch him as he bustles about. I still am upset with Mycroft. But John isn't treating me like a basket case, so the anger I had felt earlier is diminishing.
"So Mycroft's father hurt you. But he didn't hurt Mycroft. Because Mycroft was - what? 'His son'? And he didn't see you the same way? Is that what you are trying to tell me?"
So I turn off the shower and reach for a towel. There is only one left, because the other two are still bunched up under the doorway. Obviously my original intentions were all for naught as I have woken him all the same. And here I thought I was relatively quiet.
''Get in,'' I commanded Sherlock, and he did, all skinny legs and concave belly, and his long, dangling artist arms across his ribcage.
N.B.: The quote at the end of this chapter is taken from the book ''Wintergirls'' by Laurie Halse Anderson.
''You do need to look!,'' I exclaim, ''Absolutely you do! I won't make you talk about anything, or even force you back into therapy, but for God's sake, please, look!''
''Hello, Sherlock,'' he says carefully, and I can hear that sound I've heard a thousand times in my practice. Careful regard. A 'don't spook' them voice. I've heard the tonal qualities come from my very own mouth when in the presence of a person so tightly and overtly anxious that the wrong word could cause them to leave, even when they were very much in need of being seen.
Gone are the harsh halogens. John has outfitted the washroom with battery operated candles that can be turned on when I get an evening bath and an Ott light for daytime use on days when it is overcast.
John gives me a small smile. “I think feeling better takes some time. I don’t think it ever just happens right away. But you’ll get there. You’ll feel better. You’re doing better, for what it’s worth – and I’m proud of you.”
The throwing of dishes. The screaming. The lashings of a belt when I was seven, after I had stolen money from my dad's duffle. I had wanted to get a Batman comic book and watermelon gum from the corner store - just like the other kids in my year three class. But we didn't have much money, so I didn't get an allowance. As a result, I 'borrowed' what I needed. I borrowed what I thought I needed - and got beaten for it. It was the first and last time I ever took something that didn't belong to me.
"No, no, no John. You've got it all wrong. Mycroft was loved. Adored. No one ever laid a finger on him."
Mrs. Hudson flees quickly. It takes a moment longer for John to depart. But not before he picks up the paring knife, and deposits it into his jacket pocket, out of my grasp.
I suddenly feel infused with heat, and realize I feel dirty from my lounging around on the couch all day, getting sweaty from the sheets. My hair is probably stringy with sweat. I must have sweat all over my clothes, too, because my hair about my chin and temples seems to be somewhat weighed down against my skull.
And again, I am confused as to what triggered these events. This recent shift in the last few months.
"Oh, it is highly unlikely that will ever happen. Especially since it relates to an occurrence that my brother finds extremely shaming. I can only imagine how much more complicated his feelings regarding such an event have become in the years since it has passed."
Toby finally nods. Nods to whatever question or statement Sherlock had stated or asked; I'll likely never know.
''Sometimes I make myself throw up,'' I inform John with a whisper. Quickly. I say it quickly. Not even pausing for breath.
Everyone needs to be able to head out, grab a snack with a friend, watch the sunset fall upon the earth - and not feel pressure, in any way, to discuss the very things that have made them sick in the first place.
His face had been pale before the confrontation – but had turned dead-white in fear and exposure after – and his eyes had looked everywhere around us without settling on my own.
''He's not turning black, like my trousers,'' I murmured aloud, and Sherlock inclined his head, his eyes switching back and forth between me and the slothful Vernet, whose small body inched along my trouser leg in the smallest of increments.
I swallow another taste of cappuccino. Try not to laugh at his admittance. ''But of course. Anything else?''
Please be warned - this chapter is more graphic than previous chapters, insofar as physical violence is concerned. It discusses the abduction and murder of a child in relative detail. Mostly taken from John's own inner imaginings and based on autopsy reports. But it might be upsetting to some of you, so please proceed with caution.
''That one there is probiotics,'' John says needlessly, for I can still read. My eating might arguably be defined as 'disordered', but there is nothing wrong with my vision. ''The woman working there said it might help a bit with stomach discomfort. Food not digesting properly, nausea, bloating. Those sorts of things.''
And while some of that interest is tied to his gifted intellect and his need to know what changes in the whole when even one small variable changes in part - I suspect that his created profession as a ''consulting detective'' also speaks largely as to his need to be in control of his whole life, and not just a scientific mindedness.
This time I do close my eyes. I’ve always been able to talk to him more easily when I cannot see his face. When my voice feels removed from my body.
It was obvious then that he cared deeply for the being, and as I glanced up at Sherlock out of the corner of my eye, I could see the red and oranges of butterflies on his shirt, the tapered nails of someone incredibly aware of their personal hygiene, the delicate hands - one now swollen and puffed out with gauze and the wetness of rose blood that continued to flow from the bite, despite my ministrations.
''Jesus, Sherlock!,'' my flatmate hisses, ''be careful with those. They will all be in crumbles by the time we get home, otherwise.''
So many lines. They feel cooler than the surrounding skin, and for a second I cannot understand what this crisscrossing of glossy skin is, until I realize that what my fingers are coursing over are a multitude of scars. Some scarcely more than several millimeters in diameter. Some far thicker.
''I am not coming in. Just letting you know that everything is ready. You can serve yourself though, alright? And I've put the tellie on, too.''
'A belief that certain patterns contain secret messages or 'codes' intended just for them is common.'
I can feel his heart pounding against my frame, leaping from his chest, and I hold onto him with greater force.
''I know what I am, John,'' Sherlock says after a few seconds, swirling the water around in a circle.
I give him a once-over, and as I do - I spit out anise toothpaste into the sink, then gargle with some Listerine. Spit that out too, while Sherlock half leans across the bathroom's entrance, watching me with a bored expression.
Sherlock pulls his wool coat close to his face then turns on his side as if preparing to take a nap. In effect, he’s turned completely away from me – and now speaks to the television.
He turns away from my sight, and if I didn't know so much, didn't know his back story - the motion would seem shy, and not ashamed.
It takes me a second to realize the potential double meaning there, and when I get it - really get it - I find myself unable to talk. My throat is working, but isn't making a sound.
I see a slightly glass-blurred Yuri press against the latch, and open the second and exterior door, holding it at such an angle that I can catch it easily with my fingertips.
''For god's sake,'' John mutters, putting back the bear biscuits, while I toss in a box of Wagon Wheels to keep him occupied.
Sherlock's breath comes out in a rattle, and he bats at his eyes. Mycroft checks his fob watch and lets out an almost imperceptible sigh.
''What makes it right?,'' he volleys, starring at me with a sick expression on his face. Almost as if he's horrified by the words leaving his mouth, but unable to stop himself.
I learned that I cannot truly trust his emotional expression as an indicator of how he feels deep down. That he's a master at pretending to be fine, when he's not. Just as he's tried to convince the world he lacks any emotional sensitivity, when again, it's precisely the opposite.
''I used to count numbers. Backwards from seven when he, when it-, when it happened, and-,'' he stammers, ''And in the case, you'd ask - or Lestrade would ask - me questions, and I couldn't think. I just saw the sevens ticking back and back in a progression, and I could never get to zero, I could never get to the end. Do you see?''
To be fair, I don't think I ever said ''I love you, Mycroft'' either. So I can hardly fault him for never saying the words that I couldn't, myself, say.
''I would say you are missing the point. My friend is concerned because my friend is always concerned. Even when he shouldn't be. It's in his nature.''
''I know,'' he stammers out. ''Obviously. And you've obviously found ways to cope, and I find it just very, very-''
And I knew then that something unsavory had happened. Something that obviously caused him to react aggressively towards the same doctor - decades later.
When I emerge from the darkness of the city tunnels, the light suddenly seems too intense for England. The cars are loud, the air smells smoky. And I realize my brain is trying to process everything. It's overreacting to sensory data now, much as it did when I was abroad.
"You might not always understand your emotions, Sherlock, but don't try to tell me you don't have any. Emotions are part of what make us human..."
''He did take drugs, though. That's what you're telling me,'' I say again, my anxiety creeping in through the back door of my mind. ''What did he take?''
No one speaking. Just watching mutely, in shock, as Sherlock gave compressions - his lips against Toby's lips, a scratch of scarlet diagonally bisecting his left cheek as he worked.
Aspects of this chapter are rather graphic sexually (not TOO explicit, but certainly getting there - so please take that into consideration) and the sexual acts in question could be termed ''dubious-con'' or possibly even ''grey non-con'' between Sherlock and Victor.
20 A glistens in an odd pea green. The room has a glass window, but the glass itself looks 'rainy' and unclear. I can see bits and flashes of colour and form, but nothing definite.
''Are we going to talk about this condition - this alexithymia - anymore?,'' I asked carefully, the detective in me certain that Yuri had properly Named Something that was Wrong with me, and as such wanting to stay with this subject. Not wanting to lose my hopeful colour.
Harrison was found on a rainy autumn morning by two patrolmen traversing the shoreline with hot coffees in hand.
''And you thought - what?! You'd just slowly flounce out of our front door without saying anything to either myself, or my wife? Jesus - what is WRONG with you? Toby is our CHILD! If something is wrong with him, you come to us - you don't-''
''I'm sure they are taking it seriously, Sherlock. Perhaps, they are taking several things seriously right now,'' I venture cautiously, curious to see if he gets my meaning. Curious to see how he'll respond.
''Oh - he's guilty, all right. Not of hurting his son...but he's done something to betray the trust of his family. Most likely his wife,'' Sherlock continues on, as if he hasn't heard the question. Most likely because he doesn't have an answer that would satisfy anyone.
Sherlock's throat bulges, and he swallows, and I realize he's coming down with a cold. His nose is stopped up, so he's breathing through his mouth.
"Mrs. Thiesen," I state, as calmly as possible. "Your son will not talk, we realize this. But he is using other mediums to communicate, correct? What is the likelihood he will draw or write anything that will allow us to help - given what we've told you of our suspicions - if you are present?"
''You must want me to get Mycroft involved! Is that it? Because I will, Sherlock! I'll call him up tonight and tell him everything I know. I don't care if I have to section you, if I have to do that to get you help...I will do it! So don't bloody push me on this! Open the door and talk to me!''
''You wouldn't be the first survivor of this form of child abuse to conflate sex with rape. And it's not a crazy concern to wonder if maybe part of you - even if emotionally - wants to be sick because of the obviousness of what sickness means to everyone around you,'' I say briskly, needing to advance this challenge. Needing him to tell me that I'm wrong. That I'm way off the mark. ''Sickness of this form changes you in an overtly physical way, Sherlock. It visually and immediately communicates the fact that you are in pain, but also that you are not emotionally ready to relate to anyone in very certain ways. It tells everyone - everyone, Sherlock - that you are not to be looked at in a sexual way because it erases and distorts those sexual-''
I don't say anything, but I can't honestly see myself eating vegetable soup solid for two weeks in a row.
I shoot him a look and then go to grab the hydrogen peroxide and a bag of cotton balls from under the sink. When I return to his side I begin by saturating one in the solution of antiseptic.
Realizing that even if I couldn't spell it with any certainty, I could know what resplendence felt like.
''Sherlock? I'm serious. Do you understand what I'm saying? How royally pissed off I'll be if I find out you've put yourself in a compromised position again?''
''And then you got sick. It was more than a dark mood. This...disorder came into your life. Came into our lives, and I was convinced that you could fight it off, just as you had before with everything else. But that didn't happen, Sherlock. You got sicker and sicker, and I just I don't know what to do to make you well again. I know that these conditions do kill. They claim people all the time, and they can take someone out of the game in the prime of their lives! Your intelligence is no match for it. It's an equal opportunity killer, Sherlock, and it has you in its clutches, and you sometimes act like you want to be prey to this demon. That you want to get worse, not better. And I do not know how to get you to see reason. Because it is the very opposite of reasonable. The very opposite of logical. And we have never talked about that,'' I finish gently.
Because I did suffer. I suffered at seven, when he was born, and he'd cry for hours in his crib, and our mother would hold him in bitterest contempt. And even at 7, I knew he wasn't like me. I knew he wasn't a product of our mother's genes merged with our father's. Or, technically, my father's.
Sherlock takes a large breath, holds it, and then releases it shakily before pushing the photo back over towards my direction.
My body arcs out in pain, because I know she's telling the truth. The truth I saw myself, and denied. Found excuses for - and in so doing, helped usher into our lives. Maybe even help take root in his own psyche.
''Are you going to come back with me without a fight?,'' Yuri asks in utter seriousness, and my mouth quips up in amusement.
''Don't play games with me. Everything else,'' I growl, low and contained. The sound hurts my throat, which is already throbbing.
He’s trying to be a helpful friend, and I’m countering his kindnesses with further reasons for why I am not a proper recipient for the effort. Then he pulls a book down from the shelf, cups it in his hands, and returns to the sofa.
''We can't be just friends. Not with what we did,'' Sherlock sputtered, hands brought up to his face.
But his anxiety isn't lessened in that knowledge. In some strange, unfathomable manner - it's all the worse for the knowledge, perhaps.
His small face, and wide blue eyes, and the lack of connection with all but me. And of course, as often as I tried to be there for him...so often was I limited.
"It's also unlikely that he wasn't hurt. You realize that, right? Typically, abuse of this sort isn't limited to-"
''Alright,'' Sherlock says hesitantly. As if Yuri has just asked a trick question - a layered beast with no true 'correct' answer.
''I meant...affection. But not simple affection,'' he says uneasily. ''But I don't know what I feel. It's a mess in my head. You and me.''
Molly rushes off and comes back a short couple seconds later with a metallic bucket. Probably one she uses to dump the innards of corpses in when she performs an autopsy. But this one, at least, is clean.
So I shouldn't reach for him. Not now, not with his rabid angry-hurt eyes imploring me to fix life, to make people kind, to negate all the predators in the world.
Why would Sherlock be keeping this in his room, in a cardboard box, and not in the bathroom? Unless he wanted to keep this from me?
''Are we friends?,'' he queried, and the expression on his face was unlike anything I had seen on him before. Unlike anything I had seen on anyone before.
“John had me read a passage from one of his,” and he makes air quotes with his hands. “”Trauma recovery books.” It was all about how children resort to intellectual exercises when overwhelmed by disturbing events, which indicates that my predilection for doing so now isn’t abnormal.”
It's not that cold. Not by a long shot, and yet Sherlock is currently dressed in an undershirt, a button down and a jumper, replete with his navy coat, his black gloves and his blue scarf.
''Any thoughts? Any suggestions as to what I should prepare?,'' John tries again, forced levity infusing his tone.
I have never touched him like this before, and it's quickly seeming less and less medical in nature with every passing second.
''Yes, you did,'' and I give him what I hope is an encouraging smile. ''But how was that wrong, exactly?''
He's filled with horror. And he's trying to sublimate the worst of those feelings because he's never lost sight of the deeper reality: that even when he's in the presence of those who are healthy and care about him, he's still alone with the isolation that comes with his sickness.
Because he looks so sick, yes - but also because I can see the decline now, daily. He's lost so much weight, and so with the loss of every new pound brings renewed horror. His decline is starting to look obscenely magnified with even small passing periods, and I feel the weight of the burden in getting him well.
''Okay. This time. But you start to feel bad again, you tell me - okay?,'' and I reach for his head out of a doctor's impulse. Feel around his temple with the pads of my fingertips, and then take note of the sweat around his ears: the wet-matted curls against his skull.
Possibly, I think, he's afraid of being healthy. Perhaps because he's never been completely healthy.
I just don't know how well any touch - even something I would deem incredibly safe, would go over right now.
''Because you looked ready to have a panic attack, Sherlock! In front of Molly. I didn't want to make things worse for you.''
''You must know that I care about you more than anyone else on this planet. You have to know that much, intellectually, even if you don't feel it.''
''Not same,'' he whispers so softly I can barely make out the words at all. ''Not same. Different.''
One of those hospital grade scales. Black, with a glass top and an electric read out. The tape along the box has been cut, indicating it's been opened. The top flap is also bent indicating it's been pulled out, too.
I breathe out my anxiety, knowing the incriminating evidence is gone. Knowing the longer I ignore him, the more paranoid he will get.
But I am sick of thinking that I can't love Sherlock as deeply as he needs to heal, just because society doesn't accept what love really is, The variations and manifestations that are equally valid to, say, a heterosexual partnership, or anything else cleanly defined. And the idea, now, that I would ever back away from him just to protect my labels?
''No. No one ever knew. I haven't even told Sherlock,'' I say softly, ''I knew it wasn't...intended. Harry's actions, I mean. She wasn't doing something to me. Nothing to hurt me but I felt ashamed all the same. It wasn't abuse, as such. Just one messed up adolescent, out of her mind on drugs and alcohol. And I couldn't blame her. I certainly didn't hate her. I don't hate her. But I hated my parents for creating this need for us to escape. For my sister to escape, most of all. And the insane thing is she probably has no memory of any of it. She just knows that there is this rift between us but she probably thinks I'm just judging her for not being able to stop drinking.''
While Sherlock had concealed aspects of his disorder from me at the beginning, when the knowledge that he was sick came to light – he also did his best to address my questions. His reservations to be as descriptive as possible always seemed more the byproduct of pain and not a need to be disingenuous.
I bite my lip to keep myself from interrupting again, suddenly furious with everyone whose ever hurt him. Ever caused him anxiety and shame. Any sort of emotional pain whatsoever.
I hear my flat mate swallow then - he's close to me physically - and the swallow sounds incredibly loud in the quiet of the flat.
''I found that kid, when everyone assumed he was part of the Valadain profile. Everyone else just assumed he was a lost cause, but I saw the details. Could make sense of the non-sensical. I found him, not Lestrade. Not Sally Donovan.''
My throat is aching and thick, and I stare at my socked feet. I stare at the veins of my wrists and hands. The way the bones move like chords under the skin.
''What have you done to yourself, you stupid man?,'' I whisper back to my reflection, and watch as his eyes move forward and backwards, tracking my own.
''Sherlock - please don't leave,'' he says a bit more loudly, standing up. I hear him rub his hands on his knees.
''That night! Before I left! You said what he said, right before-,'' and his voice is thick and painful. ''And so I went through with it, for him. I did it all for him! Told myself it was okay, because he was my friend. And Mycroft too, not even getting it! Thinks he's so smart, but he doesn't understand! No one does! Telling me it was all okay, because I loved him, and then your words! You can speak about my fear in such easy tones, can't you John? Because how it feels to me is so alien to you, isn't it? God - do you have any idea what you did?''
I then grab a new blue Gillette razor from under the sink, along with my shaving foam, toothbrush and paste, and a 2-in-1 bottle of shampoo that smells decidedly like candied pears. I take the assortment of items over to the tub basin, before throwing back the curtain and fiddling with the taps.
''We are almost home, okay?,'' he tests tentatively. And he's been amazing. But I feel full of pressure.
''You used to?,'' my question comes out colder than I had intended and I strive to soften my tone. ''What do you mean you 'used to'?''
I always accepted differences in others. I did not wish to only have compassion for people who were the outliers of society, but to regard such discrepancies as good, even potentially beneficial. To see those differences as needed.
For several weeks, we played Go, sometimes Chess. I bought him banana nut muffins from the student canteen, and always an extra large biscotti coffee, which I quickly came to realize was his favourite. Black. Two sugars. I deposited them in front of Sherlock when we sat down in the park to play our games, to chat; I felt an abundant happiness when he nibbled at my offerings. As if he were a mercurial God, and I had provideded him a sacrifice of highest quality, which he deemed worthy of consumption.
''No, I, I-,'' anguish peppers my tongue. ''It fits. It fits me so much! Don't call it a supposition when it fits! When it's something that makes sense, when nothing else does!''
For the heat of it? The burn of it as it rouses within me something that paradoxically doesn't hurt - never hurts, exactly - but feels controlled and assured and regimented?
Part of me yearns to rest my head on John's shoulder. Stoop down and place it there, and close my eyes and have him hold me, and feel the mere physical presence and warmth, but nothing else. No feelings.
The shirt clings to his rib cage, outlying the thinness of his form. Ridge lines from the bones distract me from looking him in the eye.
