“If it’s not too much trouble.” She just waved him off. “It’s no trouble at all. You just wait here, I’ll be back.” She disappeared into her flat and a few moments later, reappeared with the skull. John nodded and took it. “Thanks..” She smiled apologetically. “How’re you doing? We haven’t talked in a while.” He shrugged noncommittally. “I’m fine.”
Once back in his flat, he set the skull back in its respective place on the mantle. He stared at it and rubbed the top thoughtfully as he remembered the conversation he had had with Sherlock about said skull. He smiled as he heard Sherlock’’s soothing voice play in his mind.
John took his hand off of his friend’s chest and took a step back, hanging his head and holding his hands, looking embarrassed. “I…Sorry.. I shouldn’t have.. I should’ve known that you wouldn’t want to..uh..well, want me.” Sherlock reached out to grab John’s arm. “You didn’t let me finish.” He gripped John’s arm tight, pulling him closer until their bodies were almost flush against each other. A pink flush crawled up John;s neck and his heart rate sped up. Sherlock dipped his head and kissed him gently. This kiss was softer than the last one, still needy, but less aggressive. As John began to kiss back, Sherlock smiled against him and brought a hand up to cup John’s face, rubbing his thumb over his jaw. He ran a tentative tongue over John’s lip before pulling back slightly, letting John decide how fast they should go.
John smiled to himself as he played back another memory…
John woke up the next morning, feeling more than a little bummed out. He still couldn’t think of anything other than Sherlock. He went into the kitchen to make himself a cup of coffee. As he does, he remembered the time in Baskerville that Sherlock had made him coffee as, what John had thought, a form of an apology.
The next thought that popped into John’s head was him standing with Mrs. Hudson in front of a tombstone. Sherlock Holmes’ tombstone. He remembered exactly what he had said that day, how could he forget? They had been his final words to his friend.
Just as he was about to pull the trigger, a voice popped into his head. ‘John, I never thought you’d be one to take the easy way out. Did I get something wrong?’ He imagined that the voice belonged to Sherlock, so he let it continue. ‘You shouldn’t be feeling sorry fro yourself. You can’t do this. You can’t end your life. What would Mrs. Hudson think? Who would take care of her? People need you, John. I need you to stay strong.’
"Absolutely." He rested his chin on his templed fingers and looked sideways at Watson. "Years ago, the very best of men reminded me that the heart has twice the power of the brain."
“There’s no-one there,“ hissed Watson. “You are mistaken.”
“It was given to me by a quick-thinking clergyman, whose actions saved me from a runaway cart earlier today. He claims to have a case for you.”
"Indeed I do." He picked up his coat. May we take a walk? I will prefer that we are able to talk undisturbed…cast an eye on the  closed inner door. "What about… ?"
“The next morning, I was opening the church for Morning Prayer when I heard an odd scraping sound coming from the body of the church, It was a dank, grey morning, wreathed in a fog which engulfed the porch. I called out, asking our guest to make themselves known, only to hear the clank of metal on stone and the uneven scuffle of feet hurtling through the shadows and through the side door and into the churchyard. The collection box was undisturbed, as was the silver plate. It wasn’t until I approached the middle of the church when I discovered the damage.” He fumbled in his jacket pocket and produced a lumpen handkerchief. “Lovellan’s memorial plaque had been grievously damaged via the judicious application of hammer and chisel.” He unfolded the parcel and spread the crumbled fragments onto Holmes’ outstretched palm.
Watson applied himself to the task, falling through the past pages of the evening news, taking note of the dealings of the magistrates courts. And his precise location remained unclear. He lunched alone at Fitzbillies, conscious of the time it took and keeping an eye open for Holmes's return.
Fosset nodded. “He was good enough to pass on my card.” He turned to Watson with a smile which seemed almost apologetic. “Please allow me to explain myself more fully. My surname is Fosset now, but until I was seventeen it was better known to your good friend here as Victor Trevor.”
The fire cracked in the grate and the spell was broken. Holmes blinked and dropped his arms.
The  morning brought fog. There was a sense of tension in the air but also a sense of industry. The students and the designated chaperones left for their lectures,followed at a discreet distance by Holmes and Watson on borrowed bicycles. They watched as theRadegund students filtered into the student populace approaching the lecture theatres. "What now Holmes?"
“Amelia was throwing herself against the window casement as if intending to burst through it. It took almost all my strength to enfold her safely in my arms and guide her to her bed. Her eyes remained fixed and unseeing, and she kept repeating “He did not die, he is not dead, why does he not come?” over and over. This did not cease until a doctor was summoned to sedate her.”
"You- you wouldn't…” He blustered, trying to force out a  smile. “- was only joking…" She pushed down just a little more, a  vicious grin on her face. “Consider this a warning. Do not start a fight if you are not prepared to face the consequences." He gasped, then fainted. The other men managed to wrench away and ran down the hill, straight into the other chaperones and two constables.
Fosset started at the use of his Christian name. He looked at the man standing awkwardly next to Watson and blinked.
"Despite what you may have erroneously believed, your death certificate was never issued, as proved by Dr Watson's unstinting research." He smiled wryly. "I do have some personal experience in social resurrection, and I offer my help in returning you to society."
Watson did his best to show interest, contributing when appropriate, but it became apparent to Holmes in particular that the weight of a  busy night without rest was wearing  him thin, however much he  protested  otherwise.
"Edmund?" she whispered, before crumpling suddenly. Watson darted back and caught her before her head connected with the floor. He felt for her pulse and found it comfortingly regular. "Just shock," he announced to the room. "All will be well in a while." He eased her into a sitting position. "Holmes, if you could assist me?"
“All in good time, Watson. Our immediate concern is the welfare of our guest. All the answers that you require will be revealed in the near future. Now be a good soul and ask Mrs Hudson for another portion of her excellent soup. I doubt that our guest has eaten properly in some time. ”
Fosset grinned back. “Sherlock…” They stood and held each other at arm’s length, eyes locked. Watson felt suddenly awkward at what was a significant and unexpected reunion. They remained oblivious to his presence for several moments as each drank in the other’s features. It wasn’t jealousy that he felt as such, but Watson’s sense of unease grew as a single thought swept all others aside- what made you think that you were the first to be charmed by him? A curl of misery grew and began to unfurl in his gut.
Fosset nodded. “You remain the cleverest soul I have ever had the opportunity to encounter, and I am sure that you will be able to unearth the truth behind this sorry tale. For once my faith is of little use; I need your rational viewpoint so that I can ensure my sister has the greatest opportunity to recover herself as far as she is able.”
bed for more than two hours a night before he persters me about my habits…”
Lestrade was overjoyed with the news that John was going to continue solving cases with Scotland Yard, just as we had prior to my untimely demise. He was even more overjoyed to find that John’s entire mien had changed, from a near-suicidal mourner to a bright-eyed, brimming-with-enthusiasm man about to take on a new venture, alone. He congratulated John on his decision with a slap on the back.
“Quiet, you. If you’re a very good boy, when we get back to the room. I will boff you senseless on every surface in it,” he whispered.
“I love you, too, sweetie,” he replied with uncharacteristic emotion. She giggled as they separated.
“Arse,” John jibed, fondly. He sat down in his favorite chair, the one which allowed him to observe both the beauty of the Great Outdoors
. He was, by no means,
With a shrug, she said, “I know, but I don’t really like it. I like Fleur.”
“You all right, love?” Solicitously.
“It’s not just you and me this time, Sherlock. Now there is a
Rosie looked up from John’s chest. “It’s
A lovely shade of pink crept over Sherlock’s face and his eyes dropped self-consciously. They had only recently become lovers, and Sherlock had proven himself to be remarkably shy initially, no doubt due to painful rejections he’d received in the past. John kissed the corner of his overfull lower lip and nuzzled his cheek. “We’ll manage, love. We’ll manage.”
A slow smile stole over Sherlock’s lips as he felt John’s body stiffen in anger, but he reached back and slapped John’s arse to quiet him before saying, “Thank you! So glad you approved. By the way, is that the same girlfriend as a couple of nights before, the pretty brunette?
Sherlock grinned. “He deserved it. I
no response. A little harder shake followed, accompanied by his name in a neutral tone. Still nada. Finally, John had just had enough. A hard slap to the lump’s apparent backside elicited a howl of protest and a sudden flurry of movement. John’s war-hardened reflexes allowed him to deflect the back-handed swing aimed at his head as Sherlock surfaced like a submarine performing an emergency blow. John grabbed his arm and held it, then grabbed his
John didn’t need any further encouragement. He drove his oversized member deeply into his husband, his pubic bone butting up against Sherlock’s arse. The feeling of being fully ensheathed inside his lover was
“Sherlock? SHERLOCK?” John yelled as the car peeled away. He ran up to the boardwalk in time to see the car take a sharp turn down a nearby street and floor it.
The taller man slid his arms around his smaller compatriot and pressed their lips together ardently. Not one to shrink from a challenge, John also wrapped
She sniffed. “It’s a name for a baby. I’m not a baby anymore.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes loudly. “No, I didn’t, John. I figured they wouldn’t be
John got up, threw the sandwich in the bin, and clattered the dish into the sink. “Because I’m tired, my bum hurts, and I’m not as young as I used to be!”
The time was approaching, I knew, when my dear friend would cross over and join me on my side of the veil. I never left John’s side, sometimes lying next to him in the bed we had never shared in life, just to provide some comfort to him. John knew I was there; as he approached his final moments on Earth, he became more attuned to the spiritual realm and could sometimes actually follow me around the room with his eyes or hear my quips. He seemed...comforted by my presence, and I would explain what John could expect when the time came. John had said that, as long as we could be together, nothing else mattered.
“Shherrlock here. Iz early. Somebody better be dead…”
in things and, well, you remember what happened the
Sherlock seriously considered throwing the towel over his head and sneaking out under its cover but decided he couldn’t leave Rosie alone in the high-sided tub. Instead, he looked away and said, “I have no issue with any of the women your daddy dates...”
“Cheeky bastard. It must be taken to task for such gross disrespect! Maybe later, after I can… walk… again.”
They suddenly looked at each other in realization.
John’s nose wrinkled in response. “Yeah, just like you, you poncy prat.” John took his own sip from his unsweetened coffee, still steaming in its foam container. Sherlock leaned against the wall beside him. “Did you give them hell?”
Sherlock’s jaw dropped.
“Uh huh,” the officer said, obviously not buying it. As he walked away, Sherlock hissed, “Why did you stop me?”
John steeled himself. This wasn’t going to be pleasant. “You’ve seen the paper?”
Both men chuckled as Sherlock, off to one side, glared at them. Lestrade went over to explain the plan to him while John contacted his former unit to request an interpreter.
“What,
…want
John hugged him tightly with all his appendages. “Oh, God, no, Sherlock! You are the very opposite of a failure! Everyone makes mistakes!”
“Go on, Daddy,” Rosie urged.
Sherlock scowled becomingly. “I
“It’s still early days, though, Sherlock. The doctors here are top notch; they’ll find
such things,” John teased, “And considering the effect it had on me the
to make a difference for him.
The taller man smiled even wider. “Review your statement, John. Narrow it down.”
“And my mother did nothing about it,” John admitted bitterly, his jaw tight, one hand balled up into a fist. “She blamed him for my sister being a lesbian because, after she came out, he had...” His eyes squeezed shut, as if he didn’t want to see the image in his mind. “He forced himself on her over a number of years, claiming he was ‘teaching her that sex with men was better than with women’. It was...
“You told Mrs. Hudson about your ‘pickle’. What ‘pickle’ was that, exactly, John?” Sherlock asked as he moved to a position beside John, placing one hand on the table and the other on the back of John’s chair. His face hovered near John’s. John had stopped chewing. “Dill, gherkin, bread-and-butter…?”
“JO-ohn...” the voice repeated, in a singsongy tone that made John’s teeth grit.
John’s dimples came out as he suppressed a cheeky grin. “Yes, Sherlock.”
, I could have had him at any time, to be honest. I just never put the actual
, under the right circumstances. Imagine what I could do it to Lestrade some time…!
John set one knee on the side of the bed closest to the door and laid both cups down on the bedside table. He tentatively reached out one hand and laid it on what he
John snorted his tea out through his nose and back into the cup. As he cleaned his face and cup and poured himself some clean tea, he stated, “You knew what you were getting. Weren’t you the one with it stuffed in your mouth, mumbling something about...”
just.
“John, can you hear me? John! JOHN!” The normally cultured voice was frantic.
Sherlock could feel a deep ache in his chest for this man. He had gone through so much abuse and rejection at the hands of his family and peers, and yet he had survived to become one of the finest men Sherlock had ever known. His respect for this small man grew with each new revelation.
After coercing Sherlock to lie face down on the towel (as his back was still paining him), John then proceeded to pound away at the heroic Sherlock, who accepted his punishment without
“Fucking harpy,” John muttered. “I should have shot her myself. Could have called it ‘defense of another.’ I’m reasonably sure I could have gotten away with it, too. Lestrade would have played along.”
injury to his brain and the tearing of small blood vessels in the cortex and meninges. The hematomas are still putting pressure on his brain. God!” he howled, slamming a fist into the door jamb beside Mycroft, who, rather impressively, did
be visible, but if you mess with it, you
“Your mother knew?” Sherlock asked, his voice breathy.
“John, no!” Sherlock yelled,
John nodded in emphasis and took a set of wooden stairs down to the beach. Once he was out of sight, a car careened up next to Sherlock and a man jumped out and grabbed him, jamming a pistol in his side. “No words, hear? Get in the car!” he growled as he forced Sherlock into the back seat and jumped in behind him.
“There was an accident, John,” Sherlock said, speaking in an excited rush of relief. “You were ejected from the car, hitting your head in the process. You’re in hospital, now. They had to do a craniotomy on you. You’ve been in a coma for a week.”
hotel room door, and it
“Have you been in contact with an Agent Doyle in Florida, Mrs. Hudson?” John asked blandly, followed by a sip of tea. Sherlock’s eyes snapped down to stare at his husband intently.
Mrs. Hudson smiled. “Yes, dear, I very much believe he did. He asked about you, and I mentioned that you and your new husband were going on honeymoon in Florida…”
“Oh, God,” John murmured. Ever since their first time together, Sherlock had become more and more insatiable in his sexual habits. Having let the genie out of the bottle, John was having a hard time controlling it. Forty years of celibacy, aside from the occasional wank to relieve tension, had left Sherlock touch-starved and increasingly wanton in his appetites. He was also fucking impossible to resist.
“Excuse me…
Think, Greg.
different tone from the way in which he had been talking with them. There was a lot of “oh” and “ah” and “I see” and “you’re fucking shitting me” before the guard returned to the room and handed the card back to Sherlock, who pocketed it. “Well, uh, sirs, uh, turns out the, uh, FBI agent’s story bears out your own. So, uh, I spoke with the management and they, uh, hope you enjoy the rest of your day with us here at Disney World and here is a week’s pass to all our rides and attractions, and please don’t sue us.”
“John. John Watson.”
can see the difference, even if
of anger on
“John?” Sherlock hovered over his husband.
Mycroft’s eyes were riveted on the duo in the room. John was gently stroking Sherlock’s face and hair and speaking to him in a quiet but encouraging voice. “Yes,” Mycroft agreed, “my brother without sufficient command of the language would be a terrible thing indeed.” He couldn’t resist a snicker at the thought of a perpetually-silent Sherlock.
--more kissing, more touching,
“Yeah, I was getting a bit tired of all that sunshine,” John agreed, as he flopped down into his beloved overstuffed chair and toed off his shoes.
>>>***<<<
When he finally pried his eyes open, there, looming above him, was the one thing he always wanted to see, that he treasured, that he would die for. Sherlock’s gorgeous face was looking down at him with the gentlest, sweetest smile John had ever seen, accompanied by shining, silver eyes full of adoration for him, and him alone. His hair was a riot of dark brown curls framing his face like a halo.
involve the FBI, so we’re ‘in the clear’, so to speak,” Sherlock stated, primly.
…was a weird one, sir.”
transition, though, not like a fall from a height; more like a mode of transportation from one place to another. It wasn’t scary at all. It was, actually,…
“Did you hear anything else, Fleur?” he asked, his voice mild but his mind racing.
the way I love you. I’m sorry we got involved in this case when we should have been on our…honeymoon. I really only wanted to be with
you,” Lestrade sang out.
fun today! Maybe we can do it again sometime!” Irene’s maniacal laughter faded away until there was only the sound of John’s rather colorful language. Someone was crawling on the floor toward the bed.
going to let him out of my life without a struggle, and if that meant having to accept Mary into mine, then I would do it. If that meant making room for his baby, I would do that, too.”
? Mais de quoi tu parles?”
Sherlock eyes lit up. “An excellent idea, John! I have read about the value of light bondage during sexual encounters! Once you have eaten...”
“Give them to me,” John said, his voice slightly tremulous with anger. “Now.”
“Angelo, it’s late...” Sherlock started, but Angelo cut him off.
Sherlock sighed for so long, John was afraid that CPR would have to be the next step. “Fine, we’ll stay a while. It will be a good place to observe people, I suppose.” He brightened. “Perhaps some fed-up parent will murder their little darling…”
The shadows left Sherlock’s eyes and he smiled—a real, honest-to-Sherlock smile, the kind that made John’s knees wobble and his cock grow three-fold. Sherlock bracketed John’s face with his long, delicate hands and kissed him tenderly, a kiss John returned with relief and not just a little heat. When they came up for air, finally, Sherlock gazed down into his eyes and said, “Then you still love me? I’m still...enough for you?”
long before you even knew where I was.”
He was also completely starkers.
“Yessss…like that…oh, John, I…I’m…getting close…”
I blinked, digesting this new information. “So, you stop caring for the people you left behind, in other words,” I said, feeling a certain degree of anger that he could leave all of us behind with so little concern. That, and the fact that he looked somewhat like a young, fit Mycroft, set me off a bit.
have to charge you for the service, however. Unlike Sherlock, I
As soon as the door slammed shut, Sherlock called out, urgently, “John!
>>>***<<<
to work with, after that.”
cock, love,
Ella sighed. “All right, tell me what’s going on with him. What sort of behaviors is he engaging in?”
A slow smile crept across Mycroft’s face. “Ah, I think I see a glimmer of hope in you.”
what?”
She was too tired to notice. She just nodded and snuggled closer to Sherlock.
“Ohhhhh, you want to text!”
He sucked in a steadying breath. “I saved your worthless arse in Karachi, only to have you betray me and leave me naked in the desert! That wasn’t sufficient revenge for you? I should have let them execute you, you ungrateful bitch!”
“Are you sure…?”
“As soon as you stop acting like a green-eyed monster, you prat.”
More silence.
“Sherlock, I may not make it all the way in, at this pace, before…,” he growled, his self-control fraying with each centimeter.
“Hmmm?” he responded to the deep, seductive whisper that was obviously trying to get his attention.
John jerked his head toward the chair by the desk.  “That chair still needs to be taken to task for its irreverence…”
“Yeah, thanks,” Sherlock shot back, sarcastically.
“Yes! We’re hiding out in an unused room! Have you seen Mori-wan Iarty?” Hd-sn replied.
This led into another round of particularly heated kisses, accompanied by the kind of unconscious rubbing and squirming that escalated tensions rapidly. At some point, the sheet was nearly ripped asunder as it was pulled out from between their heaving bodies as the desire for increased friction and contact overcame their former intentions.
, please. You’re so… fucking…
. Then, upon second thought,
“Yes,” Sherlock agreed. “I remember the guest list at their wedding. Everyone hated her. Magnussen was only the tip of the iceberg. He was willing to use his intel to control her, make her work for him, but, first, he had to find her ‘pressure point’. Unfortunately, he found mine at the same time.”
John chuckled at his tone. “Now, that’s more like the Snarkmaster that I know and love. God, I’ve missed you.” He squeezed ever-so-gently. “Oops, sorry, love. Should have asked first. You let me know if I’m hurting you, alright?”
“Her stock and trade. I can give you the name and number of the hair dye she uses, if you’re interested...”
, John thought as he lugged several bags worth of groceries up a flight of stairs and into the kitchen proper. No point asking Sherlock for help—he always deemed John the “muscle” of their team, so he rarely engaged in any physical tasks around the flat while John was in residence.
John, being unimpressed with Sherlock’s verbal arguments, inquired if Sherlock would be willing to spare the mattress in question by using his own body as a buffer. Sherlock considered this, discussing the pros and cons of such a measure, until John, having given up on trying to convince Sherlock of the wisdom of his suggestion, attempted to stifle his arguments by placing his own mouth over Sherlock’s, repeatedly. This seemed to slow the detective down somewhat, so John forcibly manhandled him over to the bed, making sure to avoid all sunburned areas and providing a towel to protect the hapless mattress in question from any and all splatter of bodily fluids the ongoing manly struggle would produce.
As John opened his mouth to protest, Sherlock warned, “You
temporarily.” His mouth twisted in frustration. “However, once you’re discharged from hospital, we may have to get you a crime-scene translator for a while.” When Sherlock scowled at the thought, he added, hastily, “Only for as long as the condition lasts, of course. We have
over the years. And every damned time, he has forgiven me, taken me back as though nothing has happened.” He dropped his head again. “I can’t keep doing this to him. I have to find the strength, somehow, to leave him...to
Sherlock jolted upright as he realized what he had just thought. My daughter.
get out of you any more is anger. Things used to be…
It was a large figure, brutish in form, with a bald pate and heavily muscled shoulders. Something about the way it moved seemed uncomfortably familiar. It stopped between them, a darkness deeper than their cell, and looked at each of them in turn. Then he laughed.
John’s sober eyes gazed up into Sherlock’s. “That’s what I’m afraid of, Sherlock. What if I haven’t? What if I...you know the old saying, that if you’ve been abused as a child, you either become an abuser yourself...”
“YOU DON’T FUCK FAMILY!” John yelled back, seemingly out of nowhere, his face so distorted that it was hard to recognized him as the same man who fussed over Rosie at night. “You don’t...fucking...
at him.
“Sod off, you useless wankers” I growled at them. I felt surprisingly naked. Being inside a body again, even if it wasn’t my own, had been strangely comfortable. And warm.
That made him think about Della, the woman he nearly cheated on Sherlock with. He wondered if she was still at the pub. Probably pretty pissed off at him for running off like that. Not that he cared, really. She was just a symptom of the disease living inside of him.  The anger and self-loathing that had been instilled in him by his father. The bitterness of never being good enough, of never being accepted for who he was. Always having to be someone else’s idea of perfect.
“’Morning, Sunshine,” John quipped as Sherlock shuffled out of the bedroom, wrapped in a sheet and looking like something the cat had not only dragged in but had played with, eaten, and regurgitated. He received a venomous look in return.
Of course, the view
to you! All brain, no… It wouldn’t have mattered to you if you were...”
“We’ve received a note, love,” John observed, slitting open the envelope.
. Sherlock had
John’s jaw dropped. “Angelo’s? But that’s...”
. You were already shopping for things for
John looked back over his shoulder at his dearest friend, still unresponsive. His head was swathed in bandages following several small craniotomies to evacuate some of the more peripheral bleeds before they could cause damage.
A smirk. “Again, he touches upon it, then walks away. Interesting.” Mycroft checked his impeccable manicure. “The denial is
>>>***<<<
“I want...” He stopped, self-consciously.
Sherlock shrugged. “Of course. He’s my best friend...”
Sherlock obeyed and slid his fingers out, provoking a sharp intake of breath from John that sounded like a cross between disappointment and relief. His body sagged a bit from the sudden release of sustained tension. “Now, I know you’ve gone down some. That’s perfectly normal. Use as much lube as you need and then some. Apply it to yourself first and get back up to a full erection, OK?” Sherlock nodded and squeezed out a generous dollop into his hand which he used to slick down his cock. After a few firm strokes he was fully erect again. “Add the rest to me,” John continued, keeping a weather eye on the proceedings.
Sherlock looked down, having forgotten about his state of
“Rosie...” John started.
John was having difficulty containing his laughter at the mixture of fear and hope in that melodic voice. “Ye-e-es, Sherlock.” With barely a turn of his head, “You were
obnoxious. All I wanted was a drink and one of them started hitting on me! Like I can be bought for the price of a pint! Can you imagine?”
real threats to your well-being. When you took up with Dr. Watson...I can assure you, I scoped him out
She tried to stick the spoon to her nose. “Fleur,” she corrected them as it slid off.
“Right, right, ‘cause the Great Sherlock Holmes, he can get away with
“He will be,” Sherlock replied, his voice tight with anger. “When I get a hold of him, I will
“Um, John?” a deep voice said, tentatively, from down the short hallway. John smiled to himself as he flattened a particularly recalcitrant strip into submission. “Yes, Sherlock?” he asked, deliberately casual.
, hmmm? Then
“And a good day to you,
“Yes. You have, unfortunately, become a pawn in a game that started long ago, but, remember...”
“John, I have to...”
Once home, the two men put Rosie to bed in her and John’s shared room. She rolled up in her covers and snuffled before settling. Each one bent down to kiss the little golden-haired girl. Then they descended the stairs quietly, careful to latch the gate at the top of the stairs.
“Oh, okay” John nodded, uncomprehendingly. “Not for a case, then.”
John looked up helplessly into the face of his lover’s anger, trying to figure out what to say. His brow creased in thought for a few moments, then he said, reasonably, “Sherlock, you’ve never had a problem with this before, so what’s different now?”
taking all the wounds of the world on yourself.
“So I perceived.”
“Expand upon that, John,” he said, softly. John blinked in surprise. He had never heard Mycroft’s voice sound quite like
John shook his head. “No, I didn’t…”
an idiot.”
else, other than the fact that he was slowly, lovingly, penetrating the body of the man he adored, who meant more to him than anything else in this world. He wanted to be deep inside, to be
jump in startlement, as the doctor did. “If I could have gotten Sherlock
“Oh, never mind. Are you here to assassinate me?”
Sherlock’s face transitioned from angry to petulant in under half a minute. A slight pout pursed his full lips into even
“Awesome. Incredible. Beyond words…”
She cleared her throat menacingly. “Fleur,” she sputtered, flatly.
“Get back, guv! I’ll cut ya!” he warned.
who only wants to help them...”
John’s mouth opened and closed like a fish before he said, “You know what? Nevermind. They can just throw us out of the park if they want…”
“So, are you ready to come out of the tub yet?” he asked, reaching for a towel. “The water must be getting cool.”
John stared at him, bug-eyed.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied, strangely touched by the compliment. He stepped over to John and knelt before him. Looking into his slate blue eyes, Sherlock admitted, “I...did have another motive for learning this. Besides loving to dance, that is.”
living;
Sherlock’s silver eyes opened and he gazed down into his lover’s huge, blue-slate ones, which were brimming with emotion. He could feel John’s hands on his arse cheeks, lightly rubbing in circles with an occasional slow squeeze thrown in for good measure. He smiled down, feeling a bit more relaxed as John leaned in to kiss and nibble on his shoulder and neck.
John had
again.”
“Rude. I’m going back to bed and, later, John and I have to punish a sassy chair.”
Giggle. “You’re such an idiot!”
Then, a second, melancholic thought;
“Mary’s fine. So’s the baby,” Sherlock assured me. “An ambulance brought all of us here. I wasn’t hurt badly, just knocked out for a few, along with some brilliant bruises. Mary and the baby were examined in A&E and given a clean bill of health.
. It’s just that…no one could
Sherlock purred. No translation necessary.
“Thank you,” Sherlock replied, with a bit of a chuckle in his voice. “I’m well aware of that already.”
Rocking back on his heels, Sherlock stared down at his small informant in surprise. John had been telling him about how busy his practice has been lately that he couldn’t get away.
. He wanted to plunge his full length into his lover and feel him clench around him, hot and wet and Sherlock…
Gritting his teeth against the urgent messages being sent from his southernly regions, he gradually managed to pry loose the main cinch points confining him to bed and wriggled out before they could close again. A small, disappointed sound emerged from under the covers, a reflex rather than any conscious utterance.
“Yeah, yeah, I know, that’s what Doggos do when they’re victorious in battle, but it
what you were doing in the flat before you left?” she retorted, anger bubbling just below the surface of her words. “It looked, to me, like you were about to hit him!”
feel like a bastard, wanting to...”
that voice, could listen to it all day and, frequently, did. Hell, he’d listen to that voice read the
“Figures, he always liked to use my laptop instead of his own. No sense of boundaries,” John groused as he sat down at the desk. I flicked him in the back of the head with my fingers and he cursed. “Stop that!”
was a miserable lesson,” Sherlock shot back. “I’m not like you, Mycroft. You were always so self-possessed, so sure of yourself. You take after Mum. I’m more like Dad, in so many respects. He’s the heart of our family. The rest of us are the brains.”
Sherlock grinned. John reached out to grab his face in both hands, but stopped, mid-movement, and asked, “May I touch the dancer?”
“Come back to bed, John,” Sherlock coaxed him, his voice seductive, as he attempted to drag John backwards toward the bedroom.
Okay, so you
the wrong question. Sherlock’s eyes widened in disbelief and dismay. “’What’s
“Do as you will,” Sherlock shrugged again, his ears straining for any sound indicative of John’s current status. There was none. “All you will do is inconvenience me, as I’ll have to find another partner as dim as this one. Intelligence needs an audience, you know, and John was
“Boys!” Mrs. Hudson’s high-pitched voice drifted up the stairs.
“No GPS?”
with me already, John? Am I not
“Why, Mycroft? Why did this have to happen?”
“Stop!
Spreading his hands, he said, “They come right back
into another room and notify Security. Do not touch the spider—it’s poisonous. Oh, and a three-egg omelet with cheese and tomato juice, please.”
“I know, love, I know. So would I,” John replied, softly, as he lifted a hand to stroke Sherlock’s cheek. “She knew it was our Sex Holiday,” Sherlock smiled at the reference, “and, I’m willing to wager, she didn’t want us to spend our time running around after criminals and getting into trouble.” John rose up on his toes and kissed Sherlock on the nose, eliciting a broader smile.
all that. It’s the reason we’re together
“Explain,” Mycroft repeated, kneeling down beside him, suit pants be damned.
“God, you’ve got the neck of a swan,” he murmured as he tongued along the long muscle on the side, a place that Sherlock was especially fond of. He could feel the suction of John’s lips, along with the little bites he bestowed upon the pallid flesh. Sherlock didn’t even care that he was leaving a mark; after all, he was John’s, and John could mark him as his own any time he wanted. Sherlock considered it a badge of honor.
“Nooo!” John’s hands instinctively went back to protect himself.
“Better?”
“Me too.” Mycroft whispered back.
John sighed loudly. “Yeh.”
“Noh fair!”
Fuck.
“John, what is the rule when we go on walks?”
“They’s shiny.”
“Puddle!” John raced forward, letting go of Sherlock’s hand he ran a few paces ahead and jumped into the puddle, then giggling and turning back to look at Sherlock he saw that his big brother was not impressed.
“Dunno.” John shrugged.
“You are not to do that ever again, John. And if you do, I will most certainly spank you, even if Da and Pa already have. Do you hear me?”
“Well then it must be the best.” Sherlock continued heating up the soup and John carried on playing until Sherlock bought over their bowls, keeping them both firmly out of John’s grabby little hands, Sherlock moved the toy…
“Lock noh always safe.” John tilted his head as he looked up at Sherlock.
“Ohh, like mato’s.” John nodded, not looking up from his toy.
“Mm, yes, it is. Now what does Da always say, hm? If we touch hot things…” Sherlock left the rest of the sentence for John.
“Kay!”
“Very good. Now I expect you to be on your very best behaviour for the rest of the day, understood?”
“Yeh, yeh, yeh! Stop!”
Once they were in the kitchen Sherlock sat John down on his favourite chair at the table and picked up John’s new favourite toy from the counter top, putting it down in front of him. It was an old chopping board that Greg had modified, screwing on some old taps and gears and anything shiny that he could spin around. He’d made it the day after he’d caught John playing with the bathroom taps, only a little while after he had tried to devour his wrist watch. John clapped and looked down at the board before he started playing with it and Sherlock set about making breakfast. Yoghurt and fruit. Simple.
“Like boff.” John nodded before opening his mouth and letting Sherlock feed him a mouthful. “Wish wun is Lock fave-rit?”
“Ow.”
“Yeh! Cos I smarts!”
“Mm, but did you see the state of the kitchen? Lock will be joining him on a cushion for breakfast.” Mycroft grumbled, Greg all too aware that he was not joking.
“Mm.” John thought for a moment, “Yeh!” He grinned up at Sherlock.
“Not tired!”
And Greg turned off the light.
“You know, I’m not sure I have one. Chin up, John,”
“That’s right.”
“Good.” Sherlock mimicked John’s nod making the little one laugh, “Right, you play for a minute while I tidy up.” He kissed John on the top of his head and moved away to wash up. Once he was finished tidying the kitchen he used a damp cloth to clean off any remnants of breakfast from John’s face and smiled down at him. “All done, let’s get you dressed for a walk.”
“Well shiny is really…” Sherlock trailed off realising that was far too confusing a conversation for John at the moment, “Is a really good colour, isn’t it?”
“No!”
“Mm, you’ve been a very good boy, because you are a very good boy. But you’ve also been a bit naughty, haven’t you?”
“Back at night-night?”
He turned the gold coin, engraved with his, John’s and Greg’s initials over in his palm. It was one of the many identical ones that Mycroft had made by a jeweller to wear in the pocket of his suits. He had given one to Sherlock the night before as a display of his belief in him.
“Yes it is. Being safe is very important.” Sherlock nodded.
“John.”
“Yessir.” John mumbled.
“Blue’s not your fave-rit.” John shook his head.
“Hey, hey, I just asked you to watch your tone. Which you are most certainly not doing right now.”
“Noh fair!” John jumped up onto his knees, suddenly furious.
“Th-“ With that John raced from the sofa to his usual corner. Sitting down with a loud huff before Sherlock could finish the word. Sherlock sighed and collected John’s egg timer from the shelves, he approached John who was sitting sideways against the wall, legs pulled up to his chest. He put the egg timer down on the sideboard and looked down at John. “Sit properly, John.” John didn’t move or look up, so Sherlock took him by the shoulders and turned him until he was facing the corner. “Cross your legs.” When John didn’t do as he was told Sherlock leaned down and smacked the back of his thigh, which unfortunately for John was exposed in his stropping position.
Sherlock stood in front of the mirror in Mycroft and Greg’s bedroom, trying to ‘psych’ himself up. He could do this, he could absolutely do this. Sure, he had never taken care of John-John on his own before, but he’d work it out. He was Sherlock ‘fuckin’ Holmes, of course! It was one day, and one night. That was all. Mm. Totally manageable. If not completely terrifying.
“Yes, of course I’ll stay. Budge up and I’ll lie next to you.” John smiled and slid over, curling up into Sherlock once they were both on the bed. “Now, close your eyes please John, it’s nap time.”
“If you’d like.” Sherlock smiled, and John crawled from his seat onto Sherlock’s lap instead of answering. His big brother had left just enough room for John to comfortably sit sideways on his lap and once he was comfortable he grinned at Sherlock. “Right, dinner time.” It wasn’t an easy task feeding John this time as he was more preoccupied with rubbing his cheek on Sherlock’s chest and asking him very important questions.
“Yeh!”
“Why is Da and Pa goned, Lock?”
“Why is dis wun different?” Sherlock looked over at John who was pointing at one of the gears, he walked over to stand behind his little brother and peered down at the particular gear that John was poking.
“Noh grumpy.” John pouted.
“Ohh, dassa good reason.” John nodded.
“Exactly.” Sherlock nodded, “And you don’t want that, do you?”
“Dis pease.” John patted the board with his palm.
“Old ‘ands.” John sighed, “Sorry.”
“That’s right, clever boy, they’ll be here when you wake up in the morning.”
“Very good.” Sherlock reached over and stroked John’s hair, “I’ll be right back.”
“Very fair.” Sherlock lightly smacked the hands away and bared John’s bum, “Over my knee,”
“Oh, I should think so.” Sherlock waggled his eyebrows as he looked down at John, making the boy giggle. “Sit up for me, let’s get this jumper on.” John did as he was told, and Sherlock made a show of getting the jumper over his head, ‘losing’ John several times and by the time the boy was dressed he was out of breath from giggling, his face flushed red. “Oh,” Sherlock crouched down next to the bed and put his hand on John’s chest. “Deep breaths John.” John nodded and tried his best to calm down as Sherlock rubbed calming circles on his chest and kept eye contact with him, “Such a good boy, hm? There we go.” Once John was calm Sherlock sat next to him on the bed and wrapped an arm around him, “What do you say Master Watson, ready for a walk?”
“Right now, yes you are being very naughty.”
John nodded and hopped off the sofa, noticing Bear and taking him along with him.
“Clever boy.”
“Yes?” He asked without opening his eyes.
“Smart boy.” John blushed and hid behind Bear again.
“Noh for long.”
“Good boy, right, which jammies for tonight?”
“And Pa!”
“Mm, best behaviour for the rest of the day I said.” Sherlock looked down his nose, “Don’t be cheeky. Right, bedroom.” John shuffled off to the bedroom and Sherlock gave the bathroom a quick tidy. If he kept John in one piece but left the house in a mess he’d still get a hiding from one of his Dad’s in the morning. Anyway, the day was almost over, he was almost home dry. He remembered to pick up John’s pacifier and joined him in the bedroom.
Sherlock’s internal monologue was racing. That bloody, cheeky, little…I swear I’ll spank him into next week if he doesn’t…
“I know.” Sherlock sighed, he hadn’t thought about how hard it would be for John being put to bed by someone other than their Da or Pa, for the very first time. He should have seen this coming. He felt for the little guy.
“Mm.” John nodded.
“Good boy, that’s more like it. Would you like some juice?”
“Winnie the Pooh it is.” Sherlock nodded, finding John’s pick of pyjamas and returning to the bed.
“A bih.” John smirked.
“Nooo!”
Sherlock found John sat on the floor in his bedroom, holding a pair of bright blue pyjamas out at him, “Jammies an jumpah, Lock?”
“Thank you, good boy. Come here then,”
“Am not!” John pushed his covers back and clambered up onto his knees, trying to square off with his big brother. Sherlock’s hands unintentionally migrated to his hips and he furrowed his brow.
“Lovely, hop up on the bed and lie down please.” Sherlock picked the thickets jumper he could find out of the wardrobe and set about getting John dressed.
“Two.”
“Mm, I think so.” Sherlock nodded seriously before gracefully standing up and slightly less gracefully pulling John to his feet. “Now then, what are the rules when we go for a walk, John-John?”
“Mm, let me think,” Sherlock fed himself a mouthful before doing the same for John, “I think they’re all lovely.” He nodded as he wiped some stray yoghurt from John’s chin.
“Buh toons now?”
Mycroft and Greg had been working on moving John away from his thumb or pacifiers when he was this age, but still allowing them for when he was younger. It seemed like a very natural part of parenting to help toddler John stop sucking his thumb. However, they hadn’t fully completed the transition and at the moment John was allowed a pacifier once it was time for his night time bath.
“Ah, because that one is brass, the others are silver.”
“Why do we gots ta old ands when we walks?” John asked, swinging his and Sherlock’s arms back and forth.
John was sat on the edge of the bed, still wrapped in his towel, swinging his legs back and forth.
“We geh hot bums.” John grumbled.
Sherlock opened the door but didn’t turn on any lights. “Yes, you are love, you almost fell asleep at the dinner table. Just close your eyes.”
“Most certainly no more!” Sherlock shook off his surprise and pulled himself up to his full height, standing over John who was still on the sofa. “John if you push me one more time I promise you will not sit for a week!” Sherlock was sure he heard John gulp, he certainly did not push his big brother again. “Right, time out for you, young man.” Sherlock took a hold of John’s arm and he went completely limp.
“John.” He said gently, as he walked into the room, crouching down next to the bed. “John, sweetheart, time to get up.” Sherlock reached forward and gently stroked the boy’s hair.
“Kay Lock.” John sighed and was soon fast asleep.
“No’s not!” John snorted, forcing Sherlock to put down the spoon and lightly smack his back a few times.
“I know you do, but you let me feed you breakfast, didn’t you?” Sherlock tried to tilt John’s head up to look at him, whilst not letting go of his fidgety little fists. “Look at me, please, John-John.”
“I’m wake now.” John declared and Sherlock squinted at him.
“Would you look at that! Don’t tell Pa I said this but I think you might be the smartest one in this family.” Sherlock winked down at John. John gasped.
“Time out is done. You and I are most certainly not.” Sherlock put his hands under John’s arms and pulled him up. “Go and sit on the sofa.” Sherlock swatted him, not altogether lightly, in the right direction. John rubbed his bum before sitting down and Sherlock stood in front of him. “That was very, very naughty John.”
He looked himself up and down, he had purposefully decided to ‘dress down’ for the day. He was wearing a pair of blue jeans and a grey sweatshirt, typical big brother attire, he thought. Besides, he had spent enough time with little John when he himself was little to know that the boy had an uncanny ability to get everything he touched messy. There was no way he was going to let the little bugger ruin a good suit.
“Night dear.”
“Was your fave-rit colour?”
“Not tiii-errr-d.” He saw John kick his heels against the mattress. Sherlock tried to keep his voice low and measured, not in any mood to rile the boy up.
“Well, they’ve both got to work today, they had to go back to London.”
“What are the rules with cartoons, John?”
“Just a moment John.”
Once the washing was in the machine, the kitchen surfaces had been wiped and Sherlock had a long cold class of water, he turned to look at John playing with his board of ‘turny things’. He couldn’t help but smile.
“You’re very welcome.”
John looked down and started fidgeting with his socks.
John sighed but looked up at Sherlock. “Tha was diff-rent.” John pouted, Sherlock tried to hide his smile, caused by John’s unbearable cuteness, it would seem that said cuteness had no appreciation of timing, coming on in droves when Sherlock was trying to be very serious and responsible.
“Av I bin a good boy t’day, Lock?” John asked as Sherlock crouched down to dry his legs and feet.
“Is noh tomorrow yet?”
“Watch you tone please, John, or we won’t want cartoons at all.”
“Noh norty.”
“So I can make sure you’re safe.”
“Yeh!” John nodded, and Sherlock took them off him,
“Dis one goes wun way but ih wont go da uvva way, see?!”
“Toons now?”
“Yeh! Evie wun dus.”
“Alright, alright, I’ll stop, if you stop pouting at me, hm?” Sherlock locked eyes with John and got a small smile in return,
“Yes they are.”
John sighed and looked down at Bear.
“John.”
“John, no.” Sherlock sighed and turned on the bedside light, standing back up and looking down at his brother. “That’s enough. No pushing or shoving, remember?” Sherlock looked down at John who was glaring back up at him, arms crossed over his chest. “I know this is hard, but you’re a brave boy, and you’re not to be naughty.”
“Did you sleep well? Are you still dry?”
“No!” John shook his head and Sherlock smiled.
“No!”
“Kay.”
“Can you stay pease?” John asked with the most angelic eyes Sherlock had ever seen. He had been intending to tidy up downstairs and get some lunch ready for John but, the boy was just so cute.
“Mmhm.” John nodded, now leaning against Sherlock.
“An dis wun is tha shiniest, so is probly tha most speshal.”
“Old ‘ands.” John wiggled his fingers as he always did in response to this question.
“No!” John suddenly reached across him and tried to pull the remote from his grasp.
“I remembers.”
“That’s right.” Sherlock ruffled John’s hair and went back to preparing dinner.
“Yes John?”
“No!” Sherlock tried to engage all of his muscles to pull John up, but it just wasn’t working.
“A-huh!” Sure enough John copied Sherlock and pulled on his own shoes.
“You have to behave if you want to watch cartoons, John. So are you going to be a good boy?”
“Sorry.” He mumbled.
A few hours later Mycroft and Greg crept along the landing, stopping to look in on their boys who were both fast asleep. They smiled at each other before retreating to their own room. Once they were safely behind a closed door they both started to get undressed, shattered after their long day.
“Well I’m not sure I like this attitude, young man.” Sherlock arched an eyebrow and looked down at him, John blushed.
“Kay, Lock.”
“Mm.” John thought for a minute, shook his head at the suggestion of more soup and finally decided to just curl up against his brother. “Rainbow.” He nodded.
“Owww, oww! Puddle, Lock look!” John pointed over in the direction of another, brilliantly large, puddle.
“Mm, I think so. What would you like to do today?” Sherlock asked as he kept up the pattern of feeding John then himself.
“Okay.” Sherlock chuckled, “Good boy for being so polite,” He ruffled John’s hair, “Well, here’s the plan, Stan-“
“Mm.” John mumbled as he half opened his eyes.
“Okay.” John nodded against Sherlock’s chest. Wow. Well that was easy. What was with all the fuss that Mycroft and Greg made about getting them lie down for a nap. How over-dramatic. Oh, no little Sherlock today, that might be it. Sherlock pulled the covers back on John’s bed and helped him in, tucking him up with Bear he leaned down to kiss his nose.
“Dassa good ansa.” John nodded.
“Lap?” John’s eyes lit up.
“Yeh!”
“Kay!” John hopped off the chair and raced off ahead of Sherlock,
“That’s right.” Sherlock beamed, taking John’s waterproof coat off the hook and helping John into it, before putting his own on. “Right then, your hand if you please?” Sherlock held out his hand and John took it. “Let’s go.” Sherlock led John out of the front door.
“God I’ve missed them.” Greg whispered.
“More!”
“Well I know that this is your favourite toy and we can absolutely play with it, but wouldn’t you like to do something else as well? Play in the garden, go for a walk, colouring, play with your other toys, watch cartoo-“
“Yes dear?”
“That’s right, clever clogs. Are these the ones you want?”
“Oh what a brilliant boy, jump up on my back then, I’ll carry you down.”
…Out of the way. “Just while we eat, little brother.”
“Just give me a moment.”
Sherlock took a moment to compose himself before following after John. He glanced around the room, rearranged the cushions, picked up the pile of washing he had left on the floor earlier and for good measure, unplugged the television from the wall.
“Mm, do you want me to feed you or do you want to do it?”
“Sorry.”
“Ah, ah, look at me when I’m talking to you.” John looked up through his lashes. “You know that was very naughty, don’t you?”
“Just this?”
“Kay.”
“Did you see John was on his stomach? I told you Lock would have to spank him.” Greg chuckled as he climbed under the covers.
“Why can’t blue be my favourite?”
“So you are.”
“Why was it different?”
“Want Da!”
“I know, sweetheart. They’ll be home in a few hours and I promise they’ll come and kiss you goodnight.”
“Oh, okay. So is jus me an Lock tuh-day?”
“That’s better. Come on, let’s go downstairs.” John hopped off the bed and Sherlock made the bed behind him, before joining him in the living room. John was already sat on the sofa, his legs stretched out straight in front of him, Bear in his lap. “Now, are you going to behave, John? Or do you need some time in the corner to calm down?” Sherlock asked, hands on his hips.
In that moment Sherlock suddenly realised he had never spanked someone before. Never. He had been spanked more times than he could remember and had to hope that he had learned how by osmosis. It must be fairly straight forward, he thought, hoped. He wasn’t sure if it was a good thing or a bad thing that right there and then, he had never wanted to spank someone more. By god his little brother could be naughty. He pushed the thought of just where little John had learnt his troublesome ways to the far, far back corner of his brain. He’d be proud about that later, when he wasn’t in charge of the cheeky little thing.
“You do ih.” John didn’t take his eyes off of his toy, “Dis wun is noisy, huh?” He asked as he turned one of the gear and it made a clicking sound.
Half an hour, and two juice boxes later, Sherlock reached for the remote and turned off the television.
it was futile.
into the equation. She threatened him that you would leave once he was of no more use to you, not even realizing that you have his back—you always have. You can help him recover by giving him back the control she denied him. Where she tried to break him down, you can help build him back up. She wounded him with hate, so you can heal him with love.”
“Moriarty,” Darth Mycroft replied, both of them leaving out the honorifics gained when they joined their relative sides of the Force. Their relationship had preceded their choices by years, hence the familiarity.
“Sherlock, I think my cock is going to burst at the seams if it gets any bigger,” John half-joked. “Have a little mercy on a bloke, hmm?”
. The man himself was far younger in appearance than I had remembered.
never seen it.” She crossed her arms defiantly.
He never got to finish that thought. John ducked a knife thrust to the outside, caught the man’s forearm with his own and, using the palm of his other hand, delivered a blow that shattered the ruffian’s elbow, causing him to scream in pain. John then grabbed the man’s wrist and swung it behind him, pinning him in a wrist-shoulder lock that twisted his fractured elbow into an unnatural attitude. This resulted in even more screaming.
. But, to me, he’s...
“Jo-ohn...”
Peering closely, Lestrade muttered under his breath, “Flowers. So?”
The pout became near-nuclear. “I don’t care.”
“You knew,” Lestrade whispered.  “He knew.”
“And getting bigger every day,” Sherlock agreed. “We can hardly keep you in clothes anymore!”
“Sherlock likes girls,” John said, as if testing the waters. His gaze didn’t move.
nice, I would open you up like a flower, feel you bleed the first time, maybe? Shall we see?” He pulled back and, after spreading Sherlock’s butt cheeks, lined up the head of his cock for the first thrust. Sherlock closed his eyes, preparing himself for the sudden jolt of intimate pain he was about to receive.
“Get your ass in here, Sherlock,” John grated out.
“Yes! I’ll be glad to make you those sandwiches, too. If you think it will help.”
“I recall Myron Hudson. He was my landlady’s husband. Nasty brute. I sent him to jail once, in London, and he returned the favor by sending some of his underlings after me. Mrs. Hudson saved my life that day. I swore I would protect her from him at all costs, so I followed him, and his sons, here, where we found him holed up in some sleazy hotel, but his sons were nowhere to be found. Later, body parts began to turn up in the Everglades. It was believed that they belonged to the Hudson boys, but, now, it seems, the results of the tests had probably been manipulated to give us a false impression.”
“And biscuits, if you can manage,” Sherlock replied.
it and keep going, but don’t try to tell me that you don’t
Toby growled and hefted his gun. Sherlock looked at him with bored disdain. “Idiot. Go ahead. Can’t make my day any worse.”
genius.”
you, you idiot! Then what, huh? I would have had to…to…” John stopped, the words catching in his throat, the reality of the situation finally hitting him square in the face. He rubbed the back of his hand across his face. There was a noticeable tremor in it. “I couldn’t go through that again, Sherlock.”
Sherlock kissed it, flustering John further. “You’re right,
I...can’t move...can’t…
Ella looked surprised. “You ran out of bullets?”
Sherlock looked at Rosie, whose eyes were turned skyward. “Daddy’s having a temper tantrum again.” She clucked her tongue in disapproval. “How childish.”
“So, a drug
John thought for a moment. “So, being with
“Correct.”
“Because I’m a genius,” Sherlock said, with mock-haughtiness.
I must have screwed up my face questioningly as he continued, “Oh, dear boy, there is no
more to me than
,” he responded, sprinkling their conversation with bits of different languages to increase her multi-linguistic capacities. He had read extensively about methods to increase a child’s intelligence, and multi-linguistic training was a part of that. He refused to talk to her like a child, thinking it was insulting and demeaning to the child. Instead, he talked to her as he would talk to John.
. Eyes toward Sergei and back.
Now, that’s a conceit. Perfection; it doesn’t exist. It’s something that’s imposed upon you. Humans aren’t perfect, can’t be perfect and be human. Sherlock is perfect, and, yet, he’s not. He’s perfect for me without ever asking me to be perfect for him. Therefore, I want to be perfect for him, which makes me resent him for me wanting to be perfect, which I can’t be and he doesn’t want me to be. Then I get angry at him and we argue. I say things that hurt him because I’m hurting because I can’t be perfect for him. Then he forgives me for hurting him, which makes me realize how perfect and wonderful he is and I want to be perfect for him again. And then I resent him, again! God, how does this crazy cycle end?
Nope, she’s leaning down, not noticing anything…
. VERY good for us. Don’t you agree?”
Once his cock had stopped pulsing, he felt John roll them both sideways, onto Sherlock’s back. There, John took over, pounding into Sherlock’s arse like a man demented, cursing and groaning. “Gonna fuck you, baby, fuck your arse, come deep inside you, fill you up til you can’t take any more...”
Sherlock raised a sardonic eyebrow and stated, “Then it’s best to give them a moving target, don’t you think?”
He just asked Lestrade to leave. Why? No, Lestrade, don’t go, don’t leave Sherlock alone like this! You don’t know how much danger he’s in! He resorts to drugs when he can’t cope with his feelings!
Decision made.
“So, why haven’t you visited?” I asked.
Tears burst from John’s blue eyes as he suddenly sobbed, releasing all the anger and fear and self-hatred he had been carrying around with him all night. Sherlock wrapped his arms around his husband’s waist, laid his head in his lap, and let John double over and cry into his back, his arms squeezing Sherlock’s ribs so tightly that the detective finally had to beg for breath.
. Miraculous. Like a waking dream.
John was busy typing up his notes, comfortably ensconced in his time-worn old chair when Sherlock bounded up the stairs. He whipped off his coat and hung it on the back of the parlor door as usual, then turned to face John, a broad smile lighting up his gorgeous face.
sunny for my taste, and this
Sherlock’s face became a study in suppressed anger. “Just because some strange woman takes advantage of you on a date is no reason for you to accuse me of trying to alienate your child’s affections, John. I’m sorry your date didn’t work out well...”
Sherlock nodded and rummaged the drawer for the unused tube, then gave John an inquiring look.
“And whom did
John nodded thoughtfully. “Sounds reasonable. What do you think, Rosie? Do you want to sleep with Papa tonight?”
The feeling of having his arse filled by his lover’s cock, with all the myriad of nerve endings there, combined with his stroking himself off and having his nipples sucked and nipped, was
“Did you ever actually
Sherlock nodded, then froze in mid-motion. His eyes narrowed. “John, you are fucking brilliant!”
! NOW, DO YOU WANT TO FUCK ME OR NOT?”
“Strange one, sir,” the younger agent observed.
“They could have killed you in the car and dumped you…”
” both men said in unison. As she settled back down, Sherlock continued. “I will not allow you to become your father. You haven’t yet, and I don’t believe you will, but I will protect Rosie with my life, do you understand?”
“Dick,” Sherlock spat out. “you have introduced me to a new drug and are now my sole purveyor, and
for them to rebuild, which tells you about the caliber of criminal we’re dealing with. Also, contact DI Lestrade and get him working for you on his side. He’s a good man, but don’t tell him I said that. I don’t want him getting a swelled head; he’d be
“All right, all right!” Sherlock acceded, querulously. “So I noticed it was...
a ‘fair maiden’.” The retort was sharp.
withhold certain information, but I didn’t want to ruin your day. I
She gave him a warning look. Sherlock ignored it. “Why would you do this, Rosie? You scared your daddy and me half to death!”
I turned to look for an exit when
Just before my eyelid slid shut, I saw something I would cherish for the rest of my life. Sherlock’s face transformed into the softest, most relieved, most overwhelmed expression I have ever beheld. His eyes suddenly filled with tears that slipped down those impressive cheekbones unbidden, and those full lips trembled. Just as my eye closed, I caught sight of that gorgeous face approaching mine, and felt those plush lips against my own. They felt...
who she called on her phone, before the ambulance arrived. She thought I was unconscious.”
“I remember.”
They shot out into the night, searching, searching for that one little blonde-haired, blue-eyed girl who meant so much to them both. They immediately contacted the local Network, who would be keeping their eyes peeled for the pyjama-clad child. They searched every alley in the area, every dumpster, every below-street-level entry for signs of the precocious girl…
John’s firm voice said, tight with pain, “No, Greg. One ambulance will be fine. I’m going with Sherlock.”
tongue in response.
Calm down, calm down. Too many rational arguments for me to be dead. I can hear. I can
Over time, I communicated less and less with John, but John just seemed to know when I was around and would talk to me as though he was sitting in the room with him, which, indeed, I was. He discussed cases with me and, upon the occasion of a real stumper, I would provide a supernaturally-obtained hint or two, which he never questioned, although he always did his research to verify how it fit into his theory. It was a very comfortable life.
cost you your life, if Moriarty hadn’t intervened.”
Finally united in a common cause, the four ran toward the lightly-moored ship. Sherlock lagged behind to watch the two men as they ceased to battle and stood, staring at each other. One of them, in light robes, caught sight of Sherlock and waved flippantly. Sherlock shot him the finger.
Darth Mycroft turned his helmeted-and-masked face toward Sherlock as well. “Ah, he escaped again. Why do I even bother anymore?”
John shook his head as he put his hands up in a forestalling motion. “Wait…wait a minute! What did I do?”
Sherlock leaned in and whispered, equally matter-of-factly, “Well, to be honest, I
The cup stopped midway to Mrs. Hudson’s lips. Her eyes sought out, first, John’s, and, then, Sherlock’s, before she lowered her cup and set it on the side table. Her hands clasped in her lap, Mrs. Hudson sighed and said, “I didn’t want you to know. I was
way, talking about his life as if ticking off talking points in a seminar. His hand was clenched white as he strove to control himself.
“Bien sûr, Jean! Quel est le problème...?”
withhold information from you ever again, even to protect you. I have
Sherlock shook his head. “No,
? You weren’t in the car long enough to…”
Sherlock came first, probably because of his three-way personal bacchanale. Cock up his arse, hand pulling him off, mouth sucking his nipples...too much, too fast, too
Agent Doyle chortled. “He’s a handful, isn’t he?” he inquired of John, who nodded wordlessly as he demolished his own plate.
When the tea arrived, Lestrade placed it into John’s cupped hands and tilted it up to his mouth. The bitter taste seemed to bring him around somewhat. His eyes focused on Lestrade, finally, his face screwed up in confusion.
Lestrade shrugged nonchalantly. “Okay, whatever you say.” He looked around, anxiously. “Where’s that Mori-wan Iarty guy? Did we lose him somewhere?”
benefit, I assure you. I promised Kate that I would make you pay, and I will. Oh, will I!” Her laughter followed her out of the room.
Rosie splashed joyfully in the old, enameled, four-footed tub in the bathroom of 221B Baker Street. It was the only full bath in the flat that John Watson and Sherlock Holmes shared, so it doubled as a bath and shower. The circular-track shower curtain was pulled aside for the purpose of giving Rosie a good scrubbing, since she had decided to fall face-first into a sloppy puddle in the park earlier in the day. Sherlock had tut-tutted about it and whisked her home for a hot bath and a not-so-stern warning about catching all sorts of diseases from stagnant water. Rosie giggled and splooshed water at him, resulting in his carefully-coiffed hair hanging in ringlets over his face and his ascetic face breaking into an indulgent smile.
as long as his big brother is the British Government, yeah? Not like
.” He laughed. “My God, Sherlock, he gave us the perfect honeymoon!”
didn’t tell them you were coming!”
“SHUT. UP!” John growled back. “I don’t need any criticism from
That had been last night, when Sherlock had largely deferred to John’s superior sexual experience. This afternoon, Sherlock had thrust himself into the center of things, pun unintended, leaving John with a strange limp and a determination to subdue the beast, whatever the cost, before it fucked him into the hospital.
“OK, I’ll tell ya. Just don’t shoot me, K?”
can’t access, Mycroft. Your people are good for some things but, sometimes, it’s good to have friends in low places.”
Wielding his light saber laconically, Moriarty drawled, ‘Mycroft,
less explanation than
I stepped aside and watched as John blinked a couple of times before looking up at the Inspector in confusion. “Greg? What happened?” He looked around and shivered, taking note of all the faces staring at him in near-horror. “I’m freezing!”
“Yes, only to have someone else snatch him away from me just as I realized it,” Sherlock snorted in derision. “Mary moved fast. She
his name, Sherlock? Honey Bunch? Sugar Lips? What?”
A sigh. “Sherlock, is there
would have. Some detective
“Love you, too, baby,” John whispered.
.” That word was difficult to squeeze out of his throat, considering his
Sherlock almost
Sherlock gritted his teeth and mumbled, “Bossy prat,” as he withdrew, then rammed all the way in, producing a sloppy, splattering slap as they met. He pulled back all of his cock but the tip, then slammed back into his lover’s arse with one smooth motion, eliciting a throaty moan of pleasure from the
"What...happened, John?"
John watched, enraptured. God, he’d thought Sherlock was beautiful before, but this was the icing on the cake. To see him so aroused, so utterly undone, was
Mouth snapped shut, finger lowered. Contrite expression followed.
reason. He used every trick he knew as a soldier to subdue his foe, but, in the end, he was too beaten, too physically compromised, to overcome a man fresh from rest and nourishment. Sergei threw him over and straddled him on his knees, one hand around his throat. “I will
John’s face lit up. “Ohhh! Well, I believe the motor centers are all intact, since all reflexes tested positive upon admission. Can you move your arms and legs for me?”
“Don’t be fucking sorry, just
I am, how he couldn’t live without me...and I know he’s
Standing close behind John, closer than I
“Your mother named you Rosamund, you know,” Sherlock reminded her.
have the most beautiful arse I’ve ever seen.”
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson?” Sherlock asked, still somewhat in shock from the recent discussion with John. John half-turned to regard her.
.” He gave Sherlock’s hand an affectionate squeeze. “How is it suddenly a problem?”
“We weren’t together then,” John clarified, nervous about the direction this conversation had taken.
“Meet my friend, Georgie,” Sergei said, indicating a smaller man who had walked in behind him. “He is interpreter, he will make sure you don’t say anything you will regret.” He grinned as he held the phone up to show Sherlock it was time. “The number, please.”
! WARN me the next time you’re going to do that!”
“Thanks, Sherlock,” John replied.
“Now, wasn’t that easier than a Sig Sauer facial? Good boy,” John said as he clapped his hand on the thug’s shoulder and got up. As he started walking away, Wiggins caught up with him.
John did as he was directed and the two waited together. After what seemed a long time, there was a commotion outside the door that lasted several minutes. Finally, a voice said, “Security.” Another voice added, “And police. Open the door
learn from anyone
No, you did not just say that. No.
had the pleasure of beholding,” John quipped, as he took a sip of iced tea from his tall glass, garnished with lemon and mint. “If it weren’t for the sunburn, I would be asking for the privilege of pounding it into the mattress.”
How could this child be so bloody observant at her age?
“Yes, that’s true!” Mori-wan Iarty was practically gleeful. “What a marvellous idea! Well, here I am!” Smiling, he held out his arms, one hand still bearing his light saber. “Kill me!”
“Mmm, temper, temper, Sherlock! Of course it wasn’t enough! If Moriarty hadn’t blown his brains out on that rooftop, I would have been ‘skinned and turned into shoes’, as he had promised! As it was, I barely got out before his thugs found me. My poor Kate—she didn’t fare quite as well, I’m afraid. So, you see, this isn’t just for
“Yes. Our fox has finally showed her us her tail,” Mycroft said, by way of analogy. “She and her fellow Renard are in the wind now, along with his baby.”
John whipped out his phone and put in a call to Billy Wiggins. He knew that Billy had a burn phone especially provided by Sherlock for Homeless Network jobs and that Billy was his point of contact.
>>>***<<<
“Please, keep me from becoming my father. Protect Rosie from me,” he pleaded. “Protect
“You’ve got your own,” John hissed at him. Sherlock shrugged and observed, “Yours always seem to taste better.” Agent Doyle mouthed “
Sherlock leaned down and whispered, “Quiet, you.
“Sorry to intrude, luv, but those boys over there are just
had been building up inside for quite a while and it was reaching critical mass. It would come down to either
eh? Maybe
Tightly. “No, I’m fucking amazing… you’re…ahhhh!…fucking brilliant…oh, god…”
the patient when the dealer had tried to carve some condoms full of cocaine out of said patient, and a cabbie who had brought the dealer and the mule to the address to finally obtain the drugs and who hadn’t been paid yet. John had suspected that the most dangerous member of the party had been the cabbie. If you value your life, never, but
Where am I?
Dead silence, then, “Bastard. I would have shot him myself, just for that. I wish you had told me this earlier, Sherlock. I would have made him back away. I will
“Did you expect us to do your work
setting up our little charade. He was nearby with his fellow agents. All escape routes were covered. You
Inside the car, Sherlock silently studied the two men who had just kidnapped him. One was driving erratically while the other held a gun to his head. “Don’t try anything funny,” the man next to him said, threateningly.
John snuggled into his new husband and Sherlock smiled. “So, what are we going to do today?” John asked softly.
Eye roll. “That boat has already sailed, Sergei. I transmitted
This went on for a few more minutes, while John and Sherlock lay together, listening, overcome with silent laughter.
“So, where is Mycroft taking me
. Brian was the one threatening him!”
. He blew oh-so-gently on the face and was rewarded with a flicker of an eyelid, evidence of life. He smiled at himself; he should know better by now. Sherlock, once asleep, would be dead to the world until late into the morning.
Sherlock preened a little, which was exactly what John had been after. Anything to make himself look better for John…
Chaos ensued.
if the Big Cheddar allows you to
, so I have no official knowledge of it…”
I thanked him and turned to leave when a sudden thought occurred to me. Something John and I had discussed not so very long ago, while discussing life and death. I asked, over my shoulder, “Uncle Rudy, is there a Hell? A Devil who counters God?”
The dark head nodded toward a small case on the table beside him. “There.”
was a first.
of it,” he purred, in a tone that made John suddenly feel
” came a familiar, broken voice, full of tears.
academic curiosity whatsoever, have you? There is so
John was astonished. “Wait a minute. You mean, your brother is on the Dark Side?”
in our natures, to be opposed to each other on principle.”
, in its own way. I basked in it, smiling to myself.
YOU!”
Sherlock, look at me. Look. at. me.
of people with their faces blown off. As long as the brain isn’t compromised and the blood vessels in the neck are intact, you’ll get to enjoy it all.” Then John leaned in close to his victim before whispering, “And so will I. And no one here will lift a finger to help you.”
“Better, thank y…ah, I see what you’re getting at. If we get involved in a criminal investigation…”
suddenly and yelled, “And it’s GREG, as you well know!”
“I may have to become one of them. I
A full-blown technicolor image with stereophonic sound blasted through my brain. In it, John Watson, looking worn and haggard, was inserting bullets into the clip of his gun with shaky fingers.
“That’s why I’m here. Not for myself, but for him.” Ella raised an eyebrow but said nothing. “Look, I know that he’d never talk to a psychologist. That kind of thing…well, it threatens him. You should have seen him when he thought he was losing his mind on the Baskerville case. Totally freaked him out. His mind is his greatest asset, so any inkling he may have that it’s not sound is a major source of anxiety for him. No,” John pursed his lips in thought, “no, he’d never do it, so I’m doing it for him.” He leaned forward, spreading his hands in appeal. “I know it’s your job to listen and reflect, but I need some serious help here. Please. What can I do to help my friend?”
“So, my English centers are unusable for the moment…wait, what, exactly, did happen to cause this?”
“’E’s possessed,” one of the beat officers whispered in awe.
that yet, John. Save it for
lately, but Sherlock hadn’t taken it as a sign of any problem in their marriage. It was only in hindsight he could see the indicators. Now, the
instructions for a DNA test to be performed, having procured and analyzed some of John’s blood a while ago. I would have known
“I do it all for you, John,” Sherlock whispered as they headed out the door. “No one else compares.”
has a problem. He knows it and I know it. He just can’t stand being...
“I...”John started, then pulled himself up short before continuing, softly, “I don’t know.”
…so hot inside. It’s almost unbelievable. You’ve been holding out on me, you bastard,” he said, in a mock-accusatory tone. “Kept this feeling all to yourself. Shit.” He bit his lip as he slid forward until he was halfway inside. “Oh, fuck, that feels incredible.
He turned to watch as Sherlock carefully and methodically tested, first, his lower extremities, and, then, his core muscles. He smiled tentatively. “Tout semble fonctionner correctement.”
, John! I said
The driver laughed. “Dad wasn’t anything to write home about. Glad you got rid of him for us; he was getting sloppy in his old age, the lousy drunkard.”
Anthea’s face became unusually stern. “Not after you’ve left his little brother an emotional wreck. You’ve got some explaining to do to your husband,
A deep, throaty chuckle. “There are some who would say there’s
A snort. “Of
YES! He’s got it! He’s calling Lestrade’s attention to it, checking my pulse…
the record?” Another set of restraints removed. Sherlock grimaced as Lestrade moved his frozen shoulder.
Sherlock asked, his nose squinching up in puzzlement. He knelt down next to John, eyes pleading. “Il est seulement traducteur.
that feels!” He opened his eyes and gazed down at his lover, eyes glassy and unfocused.
him.”
John shrugged. “Huh. Well, good for me.”
“Fuck me, yes. Incredibly hard and incredibly fast. I want you to fuck me right through the mattress and into the floor.”
Sherlock’s expression screamed “Shut it, John.”  Agent Doyle bit back a laugh. Yep, these two were
eyes squinched shut involuntarily.
After several days, it was determined that there were no new intracranial bleeds and the blood clots had been successfully dissolved. CAT scans showed no new damage and resolving ischemia in the affected parts of the brain. One area, however, seemed to still be affected.
…” He seemed
“I’d be surprised if you didn’t,” Doyle replied, calmly.
The world went to black.
Again, Sherlock obeyed without question, his anxiety held at bay by John’s gentle guidance and support. John raised his knees to allow easier access. He smiled encouragingly at his lover. “Showtime,” he quipped and Sherlock smiled and blushed simultaneously. He lined up the head of his cock with John’s entry and pushed in, slowly and gently. He could hear John’s breathing pattern change as he bore down to help Sherlock gain entry. “Push harder. I won’t break, I promise you,” he gritted as the head of Sherlock’s cock broached his sphincter. He exhaled once the ring of muscle snapped shut behind the crown.
I watched, frustrated, as this cycle repeated itself, over and over.
John reached out to Rosie, saying, “Rosie, you don’t understand...”
case,” Doyle responded, pointedly. “I had advised your handler
“Ok, I’m going to believe that, stupid as it sounds. Damn it, where the hell is that ambulance?”
“Save those words for later, John, you may have need of them. If you want my
She batted her eyelashes at him. “Pleased to meet ya, John.” She looked around coyly. “So, are you here with anyone? A wife, a girlfriend, a mate maybe?”
“By not trying to kill them all the time for minor infractions,” Sherlock retorted as he screwed up his face in question. “Why do you wear that ridiculous getup, anyway, Mycroft? You have no health problems that I have discerned. Although,” he added, with just a hint of admiration, “I
“Then, at least, let us put a protective detail around you.”
Sergei thumbed the phone off and slipped it into his back pocket, then unfastened his pants. He was large, even when flaccid, but not as large as John, who was
, Jean! Son nom est effectivement Wilfred et, par une coïncidence
“I made the right choice; he fucked up, for once! He married me!” John yelled. A passing couple gave him a wary look as they rushed past him. God, I must look, and sound, like a madman...
a fucking virgin…!”
“Oh, Lestrade. Good morning to you, too,” Sherlock mumbled.
“Why?” John challenged, advancing upon the guard. “Surely it wasn’t
--I love you. SH
to say is that, during his attack, I was occupying a safe space in my mind with
Both men yelled, “
All those times you slipped something into my tea, or offered me something to eat from the same fridge where you left specimens you were working on. Damn you. Damn, damn, damn…
The top of the laptop slammed shut pointedly.
The Agent chuckled. “You certainly do play fast and loose with the rules, don’t you, Mr. Holmes?”
His face cradled in John’s hands, Sherlock received kiss upon kiss, each one becoming more heated and more passionate until, finally, John broke off and, nodding toward the bedroom door, said, “You want to?”
A little, strangled “shit” wafted its way from behind the book. John stared at Sherlock like a hunter at his cornered prey.
>>>***<<<
She smiled and swanned out of the parlor. John and Sherlock looked at each other in sudden realization.
a game, Rosie.”
While John's out trying to find Sherlock, he's left to face Irene's wrath, alone and defenseless. Surviving may not be the least of his troubles.
The love on John’s face compelled Sherlock to cup his cheek in one hand and say, “No. I
Ella closed her eyes, her brow furrowing. John watched, hoping for some sort of panacea but knowing that it was unlikely.
“Jesus,” John murmured. He looked into Lestrade’s eyes as if pleading for him to believe what he was about to say. “Greg, he took me over!”
John grinned back. “Absolutely!”
Tapping his umbrella on the concrete floor, Mycroft looked down, then back up at John. “Without knowing it, I believe you have touched upon the problem between you and my brother.”
Wait, am I breathing? Systems check...hearbeat, yep. Breathing...yep. Reflexes? Nope, none yet.
The shadows were casting long in the front room of 221B. No one had bothered to close the drapes the night before, so the paling sun played with the silhouettes of buildings and other structures it passed on its way to fading out the old, worn carpet on the parlor floor. Inside the building, there was a surprising lack of hustle and bustle as the hands of the antique clock slowly made their rounds on the chipped clockface, as if reluctant to record time’s passage.
came the answer, unbidden, into my head. I gasped, reeling as if at an impact.
The Burrito sat up and a slender hand accepted the papers. John held his breath as Sherlock scanned the relevant information, that incredible mind reviewing and re-assembling the pieces of the case until…
they arranged the death of two young men to cover up their own disappearance and then framed their father for the crime. They were my sons
lied to you...”
“There should be a large tube in the drawer over there. Take it out.”
John thought it was the cutest thing he’d ever seen.
John turned to me and said, in a choked voice, “God, am I ever glad to see you again, Sherlock. You don’t know how much I’ve missed you. God, you’re beautiful!”
it, Sergei!” Sherlock yelled, having been able to twist himself around front again. “I will do what you say, just
Lightning struck a nearby structure and the roaring thunder shook the house. A moment later, there was a scream from the upstairs that galvanized both men into action. Sherlock, with his long legs, got to the stairs faster, but John was close behind, adrenaline driving him on. Sherlock jumped the gate at the top and ran to the room, while John had to take a moment to unfasten it before proceeding, muttering, “Who the hell is that gate supposed to be stopping, anyway?” He pelted after Sherlock and entered the room as Sherlock knelt beside the crying, screaming child in the bed by the window, his arms wrapped tightly around her slender form as he rocked and soothed her.
“Yeah,” John nodded. “I think I’d like to see that. Considering those two little twats tried to kill my gorgeous, newlywed husband!”
“Mmmm, not yet. You know I don’t deal in uncertainties.”
“God forbid, Agent Doyle. You’re not my type. However, if I
“NO!” she all-but-shouted. “I’m angry that Daddy broke your date and hasn’t come home in time to take you out and I wanna know
“God, what kind of a man am I? What kind of a father? What kind of a friend...” he lamented.
, John;
People. There are people here. I can hear ‘em. Low whispers, conversation…
. Sherlock
She nodded mutely, then said,” and you, too, Daddy.”
Finally, there was movement again. Silver eyes fluttered open and scanned the room for one person, the only person who truly mattered to him.
indebted to you, Sherlock. I can’t even
For the first time that night, John was out of words. He just shook his head, mouthing ‘no’.
, drag you into the car and speed away…God, Sherlock, my stomach dropped. I didn’t even have my gun…”
changed. John still maintained his own room, while Sherlock kept his old quarters downstairs. Sherlock had offered the room to John and Rosie, but John wouldn’t have it. John’s bedroom upstairs was actually larger and afforded more room for both of them. Sherlock reluctantly agreed, concerned for Rosie’s safety, but John was satisfied with the arrangements, so Sherlock let it pass.
domestic? I can promise you, you won’t enjoy it.” His voice was very matter-of-fact, firm.
“Not always, no. But I have been able to suss it out over time. You are not a hard man to read, John Watson, but you are hard to reach, and you always surprise me.” A tremulous smile graced that tempting mouth. “You think you have to be perfect for me?” He shook his head. “No, you don’t. You think you have to be worthy of me?” Again, a shake of the head. “No. You far surpass me in so many ways. You think you don’t deserve to be happy?” Yet another shake of the head. “You do, you stupid git! Let me prove it to you. Let me help you, as you have helped me, to become fulfilled as a human being. We can rewrite ourselves. We can create a future together that we could never have dreamt of before we met.” Sherlock leaned in and kissed him. John’s head swum just a bit at the gloriousness of it. “Just, let me in. Trust me; even if you don’t trust yourself, trust me.” He winked and grinned, shakily. “Even if I am a bit daft.”
“Trashed,” Sherlock intoned grimly. He looked up at John, liquid silver eyes evaluating all visual cues, even as he spoke. “I…had no further need of them.” His nose crinkled in puzzlement, an expression John usually found endearing. Now, however, he was too annoyed to notice.
“No, I was blissfully unaware, thank you very much.” He sounded miffed.
A nod. “Although, I must disagree with your assessment…”
“Because...because he tells me how much he loves me, how
John watched him leave, then turned back to Sherlock with a grin. “He must think I’ve lost the plot, marrying you,” he chuckled. “Little does he know…”
Sherlock grinned. “Let’s go.”
to return,
“Yes,” the form responded, reluctantly. “I am quite toasty in here. Thank you.”
“What, not Mary?”
job to keep them talking, to tell me
“Tim Tamms.”
,” he acceded, nodding to her as if she were a royal princess which, in his mind, she was. She was John’s daughter and, therefore, the most important thing in his world, next, of course, to John.
Sherlock turned the phone so he could view the image and stated, flatly, “It looks like a great deal is going on, to my unpracticed eye.” The sarcasm dripped from every word.
John nodded again. His face was hard but there was a touch of a smile, as well. A very deadly-looking twist of the lips that had no humor in it.
Sherlock snorted delicately. “Is this what your therapist suggested? How very ‘new age’”
“You want to know what happened?” John ventured.
Once at the door, he knocked softly, careful not to spill either mug. No response. John then bumped open the door (which, gratefully, had no lock) and stepped inside. “Sherlock?” Still no response. John looked over toward the bed and noticed a large, still mass under the comforter, not even a head showing.
Characters: Sherlock Holmes, John Watson, Rosamund Mary “Rosie” Watson
, and I think you’re wasting your time trying to butter up an old fossil like me. Why don’t you go back to your new, hot, army boyfriend?”
John’s head snapped back in surprise. “That’s, uh, kind of personal, isn’t it?”
Sherlock smiled ruefully. “Anything
. After I eat, I’m going to get some rest.”
“Not your fault, and not your problem” his brother replied, shaking his head slowly even as his eyes followed John’s retreat. “
His first urge was to run, just not toward Baker Street. He wasn’t that sure he wanted to deal with his husband right at the moment. He was still too drunk, too angry, and had too many questions—not for Sherlock, but for himself. Besides, how could he face Sherlock when he had caused him so much anguish? He had just walked out on him a few hours ago, telling him to find someone else.  And, then, just a few minutes ago, he had wondered if Sherlock had married him just so he would have someone he could feel superior to. As if Sherlock was ever at a shortage of that. John shook his head in disgust. What kind of a sick thought was that? John Watson, you are a fucking worthless, undeserving bastard…
John turned away. He couldn’t meet those steel gray eyes that could see right through him most of the time but couldn’t see the kind of hurt that lay deep below the pleasant manner and iron resolve of one John H. Watson.
translate to how it feels when it’s...” and he made a hand gesture indicating shoving something upwards, accompanied by an ascending whistle.
John’s defiance melted into confusion. “What?”
Rosie looked up into his face and said, “My name is Fleur.”
do you keep running off on your own without telling me what’s going on?” John howled in fury as he turned on his husband. He was pacing in circles in the middle of the parlor, his hands in constant motion, gesticulating wildly. He hadn’t even removed his jacket yet because the tirade had started as soon as the front door was closed. Slammed, actually. “You
I bloody well
There was a sudden pounding on
love you, you know. No matter what.”
?” A dark eyebrow rose speculatively . “
Lestrade smiled quietly and nodded before taking John into his office and handing him a folder. “Recent case. We suspect this woman killed her husband but we have no proof. Hopefully, you can figure it out. You know Sherlock’s methods, and I know he had complete and utter faith in you.”
“Right. Understood. In that case, I would encourage you to engage him emotionally first, physically next, then sexually once he’s more comfortable being touched. Since that was the basis of the attack against him—the stripping away of his control and the perversion of intimacy--let
This time, John managed to swallow before he laughed. “You told me you wanted to try it. The blame is on
in my head as I slipped away into velvety darkness…
attack…”
had he ever seen Sherlock in quite this way before. It both surprised and...
Ella pulled at her lower lip as she pondered this last bit of information. Then, “This may sound like an odd question, but please humor me.”
“Oh, God, Rosie,” John moaned in panic. “My little girl...”
Still more silence.
A long-fingered hand reached up to brush the silver-blond hair away from John’s face tenderly. “I love you, John. I have never loved
>>>***<<<
“No comment.”
The paramedics took over and found themselves with a handful of cranky Sherlock, who claimed his husband was a doctor and was, therefore,
, dammit, now you’ve got
The meals came, each one receiving his favorite dish. It didn’t matter, of course. Sherlock always ate off of John’s plate so, in order to have enough nourishment, John had to eat off of Sherlock’s. Rosie giggled as they picked pieces off of both plates, sometimes mock-dueling with forks to do so. Before long, the atmosphere had lightened a bit as the two men interacted with the small child in their midst, and each other, until Rosie began to obviously sag, almost falling into her empty bowl of melty gelato.
“Jhawn?” So softly, ever so softly, Sherlock called to the man sprawled across his abdomen.
the long body, fetally curled up and wrapped in a blue silk dressing gown, face toward the wall; silent, unmoving, unresponsive. John’s mouth twitched.
what is being said. I will take the notes, as usual, and give you the, uh,
“And, maybe, some tea and Tim Tamms?” he teased.
Sherlock gulped and whispered, “Agreed.” John withdrew his hand and patted the inside of his thigh. “Good lad.”
John snorted tea through his nose laughing.
Mycroft shrugged and released his hand. The officer fell to his knees, gasping for air. No one moved to help him.
He listened carefully, then thanked the speaker and thumbed the phone off. “Well, John, it seems that Disney Security is better at some things than Scotland Yard. They have captured the man who attacked me and are currently holding him for the FBI. Shall we join them, or let Agent Doyle do the heavy lifting on this one?”
Without bothering to look up, John growled, “My name isn’t Jean, it’s
“Now what?” they asked, in unison.
The door opened and closed again a few hours later.
Bastard. Leave it to him to have the last word, as always.
Is this what death is like? Am I trapped in this body for eternity or what? WHAT THE FUCK DID I DO TO DESERVE THIS?
He did, reluctantly. “The case of the murdered fish-monger. I misread the evidence and, therefore, came to an erroneous conclusion. One of the new detectives under Lestrade solved the case and brought in the real culprit.” His body let loose all at once and just sagged in defeat. “They...laughed.”
“I don’t
“Quite a night, hmm?” John observed, quite unnecessarily.
, before saying, “John, sometimes you can be
There was an almost audible >
he finished, lamely.
“The hell you don’t. Mr. Sherlock “I’m-going-off-half-cocked” Holmes over here.”
“Mycroft,” he greeted him as he pulled out his light saber and lit it.
, I let you keep your womanish ‘honor’ intact. But if you
The Agent read the scrawl and looked up, confused. “But…”
John sat back in his leather-upholstered seat, staring sightlessly at the back to the driver’s head. He could no longer think coherently. His brain was full of alcohol, sex hormones, and self-loathing. He didn’t even bother to keep track of where they were taking him. When the car came to a gentle stop, he simply sighed and clambered out of the door, leaving an uninterested Anthea in his wake.
anyone else’s, you hear me?” he murmured, earnestly. Sherlock nodded. “You say stop, we stop. You want to quit now, we quit now.”
, on top of the head, and John breezed out into the kitchen, feeling better than he had in a long time. There was still a way to go—they still weren’t having sex, but the temporary relinquishment of John’s control over other areas of their relationship had made a world of difference in Sherlock.
“Uh, nope, higher...”
pissy.
John pursed his lips in consideration before activating a secret program he hadn’t even told Sherlock about. Mycroft had installed a special GPS program on Sherlock’s phone, one used exclusively by MI6. Mycroft had graciously given John the tracking software, as if he knew that John would have to use it at some point to track his brother down.
“So, are we going to walk up and down the boardwalk all day?” John asked, peevishly. “It’s bloody
“Now you know. Let’s go.”
A cold look. “Do you really
To cut down on communication problems during Sherlock’s convalescence, they spent most of their time in bed.
“Too many people around. We have to lure ‘the boys’ out into the open. Wouldn’t do to have any innocent casualties like that young woman at the pool, would it?” Sherlock’s head swiveled around, surveying the surrounding dunes and marsh grass.
“You were married to Mary, flirting with another woman, and indifferent to
Barely able to speak because of the lump in his throat, John just nodded.
Rosie was persistent. “NO, Papa! The water is down
“What else were you and Rosie discussing over her bath,
about how it will affect
A pair of long hands slid around John’s waist and pulled him backwards just a bit into a hug. “Breakfast is boring. Sex is not. ”
you were going to do this. I even made a wager on it with a friend of mine.” He shook his head before raising it to peer into my eyes. “You can always go back, Sherlock, once you’ve crossed...”
“Mmmmaaaarryyy,” I bleated, like a goat. I expected a lie. I got a half-truth instead.
” Everything appears to be in working order.”
John limped out of the bedroom hall, dragging his throbbing arse. It was late afternoon and he’d had nothing to eat all day,
After taking a bath together (with warm water this time) and getting their limbs quite mixed up in each others, the two retired to the bedroom where, after several hours of activity, the following conversation could be heard outside the hotel door, if anyone cared to listen:
“Brother mine, as long as you and I are still alive, you will
Mycroft chuckled dryly at the analogy. “None of us can do that. Not even
“I don’t think I appreciate that description,” John griped. “Though, I must say, they had Sherlock described to a T.”
“Ooh, fantastic!” she all but squealed in delight. “I’m
The evening ended in yet another lively discussion.
John nodded, pursing his lips in thought. “Sounds about right. So what can I do to help him recover?”
“Yeah, right, I was there for
. He hasn’t been here
a rather…
“Whoa, whoa,” John interrupted. “Let’s back up here, Sherlock. Just because I’m bi doesn’t mean I’m constantly ‘on the prowl’ for a new ‘conquest’ of either sex. You and I are together
The Agent took out a pad and read from it. “Well, it seems that our attempted murderer at Disney World is a petty thug, known to local law enforcement, who has never amounted to much in the criminal world up ‘til now. He was given a job to take out a “tall, thin asshole with a mop of dark hair, traveling with a short, graying guy who won’t give you much trouble.”
“BECAUSE YOU’RE MY HUSBAND, YOU INCREDIBLE TWAT, THAT’S WHY!”
in the past. He slipped into the back seat, followed by the ever-silent Anthea.
John looked down at his phone. A single text message was displayed.
.” She picked up a floaty toy and lobbed it out of the tub. It hit the wall with an aborted squeak and fell behind the toilet. One of Sherlock’s eyebrows rose in response.
, I tried---to keep my eyes open until the very end, to hold the image of my dearest and only friend in the world, as he held me. Tears trailed down his broad face from those bluer-than-blue eyes as he gazed down at me. I tried to speak, to tell him it was all right, but it was no use. For not the first time, my words failed me.
John thought, appalled at the turn things had taken.
John followed in short order. Lestrade had to kick Toby down before diving, head-first, into the chute.
become a couple. I don’t think the general public is ready for a front-page photo of Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson ‘getting it on’ at a crime scene.”
table.” He peered closely at the colorful flowers in their chipped vase. “Ah! We have a spider.”
side of the table. “So, I’m thinking you can show a girl a good time, yeah? I’ve always liked older men, ya know?” She indicated the rowdies at the front of the pub. “Those boys, they’re just…
lucky to have met up with someone so handsome and interesting. And single!” She popped up out of the booth and wiggled in next to John on
Frowning in consternation, John pushed open the door and stopped, frozen by the sight he beheld. There, standing in front of his mirrored wardrobe, stood one Mr. Sherlock Holmes; half-naked, hips undulating, shoulders and arms moving in a snake-like fashion, dressed like an archetypical genie. He, too, froze when he realized John was standing there with his jaw lax, eyes wide, and, frankly, trousers bulging.
“If it’s local, it can’t
Ah, Mrs. Hudson! Thank you for coming! Don’t I look like myself? So natural! Blah, blah, blah, for God’s sake, Mrs. Hudson, notice something! Please! Look! One eye is slightly open! Come on, you’re more observant than that!
. Thank God your mother thinks you’re dead; this would
John laughed out loud at the story and Sherlock grinned in shared amusement. “So you end up at the Palace in lacy women’s underwear! Good God!” He laughed so hard that tears actually started running down his cheeks. Sherlock just sat there and watched him, always loving to see “his John” laugh.
That was it. Sherlock, face bloodied from a cut on the cheek, turned on the man with the gun and wrestled with him for it. A shot went off, straight up into the roof of the car, as the driver veered from side to side, trying to throw Sherlock off of his brother, but Sherlock held fast, directing the gun toward the driver so that, the next time it went off, it shattered the windshield and caused the driver to jam on the breaks with a screaming curse.
,” Sherlock warned him. John shrugged. “It’s true that, left up to you, we would not be here now.” He turned to Rosie. “I understand your intention, ma petite, but you are far too young to go flying about London on your own, do you understand?”
they had just shot and dumped him?
this man?”
“Husband. Ass of a husband.”
the invective aimed at any hapless detective or investigator nearby. To his credit, he barely cracked a smile when Sherlock laid into one technician for moving a piece of evidence one millimeter while photographing it.
Rosie nodded. “Uh huh,” she verified, with the cockiness of youth. “Daddy was running away from you, Papa, so I had to help out.”
, at least. I was beginning to wonder.” Sherlock said, verbally poking at him with a sharp stick. “You know, the last time we met, I got more information out of
“Oh, for God’s sake, Sherlock, not again!”
, Sherlock. If you weren’t flying about the galaxy trying to take down the Empire, we wouldn’t have to have these little “family get-togethers” so often. I enjoy them about as much as you do,” Mycroft sniped back.
was a bridge too far. “Don’t tell me I signed a contract for
“What?” John asked. “How...”
John frowned as he laid himself down atop his husband. “In what way?”
now.”
“Ample evidence of your impulsivity, Sherlock. Don’t you think it best to recover first, before heading out to tilt at another windmill?”
“Mmph,” the agent responded, looking unconvinced.
John sighed, then straightened his shoulders in resolve. “If you need any help with the culprit…” He said, restrained menace in his tone.
“B-but I am a thief, and a desecrator.” His eyes grew ever wider with fear. “I do not deserve such kindness…”
"What if nothing. We will step in if genuine harm threatens, but then and only then."
“As we once did?” asked Fosset.
Fosset frowned. “But if this was a suspicion, then why did the doctor who was called say nothing of this? I know that he was most thorough in his questioning of her.”
“What have you uncovered?” Holmes materialised beside him like a friendly spirit. Watson handed over his notebook.
Watson watched as Holmes put a guiding hand on the man's arm. "Come now. You are Lazarus, and not the prodigal son. There are two people in there who are desperate to reclaim your acquaintance. They have waited long enough." His eyes glowed with encouragement. "I know how terrifying it is to return as if from the dead, but love and genuine regard will always find the means to override any obstacle if hope allows them to grow."
“And then?” prompted Holmes.
"I would prefer to leave him to wake of his own accord, Doctor.  He prefers not to make a fuss, but I can see how he gets tired easily at the moment…"
“Good to meet you Doctor, thank you for your  welcome. Please do not hesitate  to contact me if I can be of any assistance just students considering medicine."
She nodded, without taking up eyes off the arrivals. "I prefer to be a  visible presence when they return, the better to beware of any unpleasantness that might have followed them on the way back."
“I am not a good man.” His head was bowed and his speech slurred. “They lied about me and I did not stop them.”
“All the better to let him sleep his fill." She led him downstairs.
"Indeed not," replied Dr McLelland. "Until later, gentlemen."
Holmes was emphatic. “Your current state is down to a lack of sleep, inadequate nutrition and the fracturing of nerves. Come with us. I may not be the Lord, nor do I wholly accept the doctrines of organised religion, but I do believe in the potential goodness of the human heart. If I did not, I would not have been able to have followed my life’s path. Now, can you walk unaided?”
“Four, at a  guess. Let them pass without reaction and follow me."
Watson shook her hand, noting the confidence of her grip. “Pleased to meet you, Dr McLelland. I have heard many good things about your institution.”
He was duly returning from Mr Merrick’s shop on the corner when he fancied he felt himself under close observation. He glanced back,and at first saw nothing unusual. Then, there it was. A black-clad figure in the farthest corner of his vision, head bowed and intent on reaching him. Watson cursed the stupidity of leaving his gun locked in his desk. Damn and blast.
Holmes came to a stop, a reluctant Watson beside him. They watched as the four dark-clad figures in most of the road, fanning across it behind the students. "Holmes, this is an ambush.They are in the utmost danger. We must help them."
"I am not sure of this, sir. I do not feel that I would be welcome here. I am at best a bounder and at least a liar."
Holmes kissed him again, this time between his brows. “Hmm. Curious. Send a telegram to invite him here tomorrow morning. I believe I would like to hear what your mysterious Reverend has to say.”
“I will accompany you to Whetstone while Dr Watson completes some research here,” announced Holmes. “If you could excuse us for a moment?” Fosset nodded mutely as they went into the hallway.
"A short but significant list of items, which I am sure can be resource from your domestic stores."
"Just coming in now. Mrs Holtz. A recent recruit to our number. Her late husband was a vicar in Surrey, I believe, although –" Dr McLelland paused.
The nights were the most challenging. Holmes' perception of time was muddled; he railed against Stamford's demand that he remain in bed during his spell of relative lucidity. He admitted defeat however, after his second bid for autonomy left him in a puddle of incoordination in the corridor nearest his ward.
The visitor rose to her feet and held out her  ungloved hand. “Pleased to meet you, Dr Watson.
“I still have a number of questions, Holmes, not least the identity of the wretch we have just rescued. Are the Fossets aware of this development?“
“Tempting.” A brief, bright smile lit Holmes’ face. “I would hear you speak of other things, but not here.” He waved hand at Watson in mock dismissal. “Off with you, then, so that you return before the boredom reclaims me.”
"Then why are we here?"
"Middlemiss, Blondel, Howlett, and Horgan. All Trinity men, all fervently opposed  to the advancement of women students, especially those whose intelligence far outstripped their own. . The college has rescinded their membership and will fully support whatever civil prosecutions arise."
"No need." Holmes looked towards the door, where a wan-faced young woman stood, her face filled with equal amounts of fear, joy and confusion.
But Miss Fosset was undeterred. "I will have no husband but you." Her eyes glittered determinedly. "We will find a way," she promised, looking towards Holmes who had a thoughtful look in his eye.
Holmes smiled at the memory. "Once happily, once less so, but all concerned continue to live and thrive, which is better than living in the shadow of unremitting regret."
Life at Baker Street continued with its mixture of calm, danger, calamity and adventure, powered perhaps by the mutual affection shown by those who lived behind its twice-locked doors. There would be no banns published or any fluttering of legal certification for them. But the love and regard expressed therein lacked none of the sincerity of a more conventional marriage.
Holmes held out his hand. The man sagged in defeat, then obeyed. “Good man.”
“She fainted, and had to be taken from her room, from where she has barely stirred since. Her room is adjacent to mine, and I took the precaution of leaving my door ajar in case she had need of me in the night.”
Even so Holmes succeeded in surprising him by materialising several moments early, a bright white smile on his face.
“That’s very kind of you, Doctor... I wish that the leaders of the University thought the same, but this is why I have travelled up to London at this early hour, to ask for urgent assistance, on a  matter of the utmost delicacy.”
"Look out to the left….by the trees…"
It did appear that those reading the sciences  were the ones coming under the most pressure; of all of the  academic disciplines, the sciences seemed to be the most securely guarded by the arrogant and ill-informed. He had not had the opportunity to speak to those students due to the timing of their lectures, but Dr McLelland assured them that they would return for Evensong in the college chapel.
Watson rolled his eyes affectionately. “Our companion, Dr McLelland, would be better served in ensuring that he is fully acquainted with his
Holmes’ assertion was rewarded with a curt nod as Fosset continued. “My work amongst the dying and bereaved has made me almost professionally immune to grief because to be otherwise exposes the self to incalculable damage. And yet...” He paused, as if searching for the words. ”And yet, the fracturing of Amelia’s spirit when she heard about Lovellan’s death seemed more akin to that of a recent bride rather than that of an untried girl.”
Watson pulled the blinds down, sending a silent apology to the moon and the stars. “Sleep will help untangle  your brain.” He ran a hand across Holmes' shoulders and let it come to rest around the curve of his skull. "Let me soothe you…"
“Hmm. I will redress this now, and give you something which should work towards the fever, but only once you have eaten.” The patient acknowledged the diagnosis. He allowed Watson to position the injured limb in such a way that it could be anointed and bandaged more suitably.
Holmes angled his head until he could respond in a similar fashion, “My apologies. I did not expect that you would have been so affected.”
"Entirely." Students spilled out of the  lecture halls in a tangle, filling the streets as they streamed back into the town."For whom are we looking?" whispered Watson.
The man sagged onto the chaise as though his strings had been cut. Whatever courage had been summoned since he arrived at Baker Street melted into the air. Watson watched him with no little compassion and took the opposite seat. “Please remember that you are amongst allies here, and that anything you say within these walls remains here unless you explicitly state otherwise. Let me see how I can help you. Shall we start with your leg?”
"The Radegund students  and their chaperone, primarily. It is vital that we keep them in sight."
But he received no response other than the soft, deep breathing of a man too far from waking to provide an appropriately articulate response. Holmes twitched the bedclothes over them both. "Oh, you blessed idiot,” he huffed into Watson’s neck, before drifting off once more himself.
“I believe not. I observed his tracks in the dust. Our secret stonemason is there.”
Holmes guided him into the church via the side door and pulled him down into a pew. “Keep your eyes on the far wall, just beneath the middle window.”
"Intriguing." Holmes watched  the tall figure stow away her  bicycle and walk swiftly towards the back of the College, acknowledging Dr McLelland with an incline of the head. When her eyes fixed on Holmes, her polite composure shifted slightly. Holmes had an almost perfect recall with regard to every person with whom he had had significant contact. Mrs Holtz’s was not a face which matched anyone in his memory, and yet there was the prickle of recognition which would not disappear.
Fosset looked directly at him. “I did not seek you out to reclaim my stake in your affections,” he replied softly and without regret. “Time moves and changes all who survive its ructions. I would never wish to disrupt the friendship of two connected souls such as you and Dr Watson.”
Holmes had already reclaimed the chaise when Watson returned from settling his patient. "And how is our patient?" he asked.
"And you will succeed." He brought his  hands together "A plan is forming in my mind. I believe by this time tomorrow this whole situation will have been resolved."
“Reverend Fosset, vicar of St Mary of the Lanes, Whetstone.” They shook hands. “I came into town with the hope that I might engage the services of Mr Holmes in assisting me in a somewhat intriguing matter which would benefit from his discretion.”
"It is most likely that her hysteria and anxiety masked all other symptoms for him. And it is also possible that she herself was unaware of the subtle signs of her condition. He saw what he chose to see, and made a judgement which best fitted his observations.”
Watson nodded sadly. ”The actions of a devoted brother,” he affirmed.
A smile danced acrossHolmes's face. "But of  course. May I speak to the whole community of the chapel before the chaperones depart. I promise I will not keep long."
Holmes grabbed his shoulder. "No. Remember what I said last night. If we step in, they will only wait so we have gone to attack once more, perhaps with even greater force." He turned so that he had caught the entirety of Watson's attention. "Bullies only back down when their force is pushed back against them. I know the standing back goes against every ounce of your soul, but this is not our fight alone."
"In case it falls into the wrong hands. I doubt it would be of  much use here anyway…"
Lovellan sighed, a prisoner released from chains. "I would be honoured to accept your assistance."
The edge of Watson’s smile frayed slightly. “Mr Holmes is currently away from Baker Street, although he is expected to return in the next day or so. Would it be possible for me to contact you once he is able to consider your case?”
Fosset’s relief was palpable. “I cannot express sufficient thanks for your engagement in this matter. Grief is a monster which has the ability to destroy the most balanced of souls. I have to believe there are other avenues to be explored before I am forced to entrust my dear Amelia to the care of others, no matter how caring and professional.”
"Later," replied Holmes. “All will become clear."
"Come in." The door opened to reveal Dr McLelland. "May ask you whether you have had any thoughts to share with me?"
"Mycroft?" asked Dr McLelland.
“When Lovellan did not return as expected, Amelia smiled bravely and hoped that he would only be delayed by a day or so. But the news arrived of a train crushed under the rubble of the sea wall, its carriages swept like debris out to sea, with the loss of almost all trapped inside.
“What had occurred?” asked Holmes, still working the fragments of stone between his fingers.
“And what was his professional opinion regarding your sister’s condition?” asked Watson, as gently as he could. The light that appeared in Fosset's eyes was so desperate that neither he nor Holmes could bear it for long.
Holmes huffed. “However distant I might appear to the wider world, do not doubt the regard I have for those who eventually managed to break down the walls I constructed to keep them out.”
“One of our benefactresses kindly left her house and gardens in order to provide us with a physical establishment. That , along with donations from private individuals and support from more open-minded institutions, has enabled us to grow. We have even been able to offer three scholarships in the past year, thanks in no small part to our supporters. The College is not without allies, even if some of them do not feel able to openly declare  themselves as such.”
Eleven o'clock found them well on their way to St Mary's of the Lane in Wiggin's ersatz Hackney. He weaved them across the city, avoiding the majority of the traffic via an unending trail of backstreets.
“Are you up for a walk, gentlemen? The College is reachable on foot…”
“I require you to go to the Newspaper Archives to find out all that you can about the Dawlish calamity, with particular attention paid as to where all of the male casualties, dead or alive, were taken.” He pressed a telegram pad into Watson’s hand. “I believe these might come in useful.” Watson tried not to bridle at the menial request which would normally have been well within the remit of one of the other Irregulars. Holmes saw the thought track across his face.
“Because I refused to entirely accept your death after Reichenbach, even when all logic pointed elsewhere?"
Their train approached Barnet. Fosset remained fixed in his seat. “Come on, Victor,” Holmes offered his hand. “Take me to the Vicarage, and allow me to find a solution amongst these tangled ends.”
Watson remained silent, merely allowing Holmes' words to flow around him. He may not have been the primary audience, but the message struck home as potently as if they had been safely private elsewhere.
Watson came down the stairs, a bag in each hand. He put them down the Holmes's feet, then held out his hand Dr McLelland took it gratefully.
Holmes’ hands travelled down his ribs and and in his waistcoat pocket. He encountered the neat card and liberated it from its silken lair. “And what is this?” he asked, waving it in front of Watson’s face.
Watson closed his eyes and pictured his rescuer. “Perhaps five or seven years my junior. Between our heights, although closer to favouring yours. Fox-brown hair, with light-toned and changeable eyes.”
“Victor…”
He focused on the unending streets of houses as they rumbled through the outer reaches of London, and it took him several minutes before he felt sufficiently brave to look directly at Holmes once more. “It remains a matter of extreme delicacy which I was loath to discuss, even in the presence of Dr Watson.”
The following days kept Holmes and Watson in Cambridge as they built the case against the arrested men. The University chose to take a discreet but devastating hand in their fates,recommending that they be sent down shortly after Holmes presented his further evidence at an extraordinary meeting of the  Senate.
He folded the note into his hoe, then tipped his hat. "Pleasure, Mr Holmes." He waited until all of his passengers had alighted before executing a neat turn in the lane and rattling back towards the city.
be having fun,“ John sassed back. “Although, I must admit, I’m
A shake of curls. “Not everyone. Not
him. He loved her
an idiot,” Rosie pronounced, frustrated.
“Doggo,” John clarified. “Very distinct species in its own right.”
!” followed by a feminine voice saying, “God! They’re so rude!” disapprovingly.
Nod. “Yes. He
“She said that you need to re-establish a sense of control again over your life, that Irene stripped that from you with her attack. She wanted you to feel has helpless as she had felt.”
Full-body curling into itself. “Nothing.”
“Gets it from her mother,” John opined.
voice, sounding like rich, dark chocolate, the kind John particularly liked. He
“Bullshit!” John spat. He leaned forward, accidentally dislodging his daughter from his lap and dumping her to the floor. She squawked as she fell on her bum and Sherlock surged forward to pick her up, only to have John swat him away. “
A shake of the head. “Only me. God...what a difference!”
John’s grin dropped away, his expression turning to dismay. “Jesus, Sherlock, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean…”
,” she lowered her finger to his jawline, “but you have water
John smirked. “He warned us off. He told us to keep our noses clean. He
“Dammit, John,” I muttered, half to myself, “you always were a stubborn git. Let go of this paltry life...”
closely when you
. I’m just an empty shell, full of anger, resentment, and bitterness. I try to
The officer looked less than impressed. “Yeah, great. Congratulations.”
His eyes lowered and his mouth flatlined.
“I agree,” John said as he helped Sherlock regain his feet and watched as he carried her down the steep stairs to the parlor. There, he sat down with the shivering bundle of child in his lap, stroking her hair and murmuring soft words to her, explaining how lightning and thunder work and how she should remember that the lightning she sees has already passed her and the thunder is just air filling the space where the lightning had been. She began to calm, gulping air as she sobbed. John got her a glass of water, which she sipped in between crying jags.
. I never
I have always abhored the Dark Side. No discipline, no morals, just a lot of people trying to take over the universe and not knowing what to do with it once they did. That sort of behavior annoys me no end.”
John ducked his head to hide his indulgent smile. Waking up early was never Sherlock’s strong suit.
“This..mmm…Shherlock, whaddyawant? Iz early…”
Doyle nodded. “Let that be a lesson to you, son. Sometimes the strangest folk can be the most brilliant…
…what do you mean, they’ll kill me?”
His lover smiled. “It’s been returning in bits and pieces over time but it was just…
Anger flared. “They have no right to…!”
, Rosie. Your daddy can’t know any of this, okay?” He leaned in until they were almost nose-to-nose. “Your daddy needs...
“Why have we been seated so far from everyone else?” Sherlock continued. “And why are we the only table with flowers?”
What if I never wake up? What if I stay this way for-fucking-
John shook his head vigorously. “Uh
“John? John Watson?” Lestrade’s booming voice was easily heard, even this far into the suite.
, he had adrenaline, endorphins, testosterone racing through his system...” Sherlock reasoned.
The hand squeezed slightly. “Love you, too,” Sherlock murmured back, turning his head slightly in John’s direction. “Even though you just fucked me into next week,” he added. He looked up, his face a bit tight, as if expecting bad news. “
Oh, fucking hell, I’m dead. Shit. Fucking shit. God damn it all to hell and back, I’m dead.
Another senseless shooting in a darkened, rain-slick street not far from Baker Street. A middle-aged man lay on the ground, his dark blood draining away and mixing with the puddled water on the pavement.
colors like that, John,” he groused.
“Ooh,
John nodded. “Yes.”
As they approached the restaurant’s huge front window, they could see a small, light-haired child sitting in a booster seat waving at them. Angelo was standing behind her, waving as well. They broke into a run, dashing across a still-busy street, almost getting hit by cross traffic in the process. As they burst through the restaurant’s glass door, they found one Rosamund Mary Watson, aka Rosie, aka Fleur, sitting in a booster seat in the front bench seat of the eatery, a big grin on her face. In front of her sat a huge bowl of gelato that had just been delivered to her by the proprietor, Angelo. She grinned widely as she shoveled the frozen treat into her mouth.
“Hmph,” Sherlock responded. “So you are angry that I’m bathing you again? It never bothered you before...”
"What? What are you talking about?"
John nodded as he sat down on the edge of the bed next to Sherlock’s hips and proceeded to explain the events of the past few days. Sherlock said nothing, in and of itself a bad sign. Mr. Punchline was silent as the grave for the duration of John’s speech.
to spare the rod on this spoiled child. The result being that Sherlock had finally ended up exhausted and John had exited the bedroom feeling more than a bit pleased with himself.
! The riding crop connected and this time Sherlock did scream—it was wrenched from his soul by the sudden onslaught of blows against his rigid cock. It didn’t take long for it to flag but not before Irene had gotten off a few good whacks to it. Sherlock lay there gasping, sobbing in indescribable pain, involuntarily-shed tears soaking through the blindfold.
. Not on a case, John. That’s how people lose faith in you.”
After a while, there was a tentative knock on the door. John called out “come in!” and Mrs. Hudson peeped through the opening, bearing a tray of cookies and milk.
“In my bed?” A step into the kitchen, a re-situating of sheets.
“Or our refrigerator,” Sherlock joked, trying to distract John from their current situation.
, in body and soul, made John lose the last shred of composure he had been clinging to. With a yell, he came, deep inside his lover, thrusting uncontrollably over and over again, until he heard a cry wrested from deep within Sherlock’s core that indicated that he, too, had crossed the Rubicon, his own cock spewing forth ribbons of cum over his own belly. They clutched at each other and rode their respective waves until they were thrown upon the shore, weak and shaking from the intensity of it all.
