Dean shrugged with a grin. "You don't have any siblings, do you?"
The alpha shrugged. “It doesn’t matter.”
“Yes, Bobby,” Dean agreed with a fond look on his face. “I’m happy though - I really am - so I don’t think I’ll need you kicking any arses.” He shot a cheeky grin Bobby’s way. “And his ass isn’t bony.”
“Wha,” he mumbled, opening his eyes. He found himself face-to-face with a brown-eyed, stubble-faced Gabriel, wielding an old-fashioned feather duster. “Huh?”
The next morning, after checking up on Sam again, Dean dressed himself up and left the house for a different job interview. It was yet another car mechanic job but Dean hoped the guy running the salvage yard downtown cared more about skill than about his gender.
‘Fava’ is the twins’ word for ‘father.’
Castiel grunted. “No harm done, Dean,” he rasped in his typical sleepy voice, “I was just a little tired. I had four meetings today - three of them with people who don’t like me.”
Dean felt insulted. He had been helping John around the house ever since he could remember and yet his father acted like it never happened. He folded his arms across his chest. "I still can't give you any money, Dad," he insisted. "You didn't earn the money, so it doesn't belong to you."
Dean's hands were sweating where he was clutching them together in his lap and his knees felt weak with nervousness. His vision was a bit unfocused, and Dean tried to tell himself that he didn't make a mistake when he decided not to take the anti-nausea pill his father had offered him in the morning. You're an omega, he had told him; you need all the help you can get. Dean had just rolled his eyes, telling his father he would be fine.
The omega looked at his mate. “It’s my dad,” he told Cas. “I should probably take this.”
Dean grinned at the smiley face, not being able to properly imagine the stoic politician typing in an emoticon. He looked up from his phone when he heard Bobby clearing his throat.
"Sure. If you find a way to turn it on."
"What do you want?" Dean heard Castiel mumble against his neck once they stood in front of Castiel's bed.
"Yes!" he answered vehemently. "I can leave right away."
The omega smiled to himself, sipping his tea as he listened to his dad singing the twins’ favourite song to them, and doubtless, bouncing them on his knees in imitation of a ‘Schimmel’ that refused to go any further. Maybe he should check out today’s newspaper, Dean thought, doing his best to ignore the clenching of his stomach. The furore had to have died down, right? After all, it had been four days since
Dean didn't question it. He trusted Cas to know what he was doing, so he did as he was told and lay down on his front.
The large group of cheerful omegas walked towards Memorial Park, looking like a soldier platoon. Dean squeezed himself in between Rufus and Benny, the alpha and beta making him feel safer, as he looked around, enjoying the flickering lights of cars riding through the dark.
His father gave a hesitant nod. "You will check with me every hour until you go to sleep and again in the morning, understood?"
"Can I undress you?"
Dean crossed his arms in front of himself, fidgeting again. "I can't be as straightforward as you are about this. I don't understand how you can just sit there and say..."
At Dean's nod, his dad smiled - his mouth slowly widening into a full-blown grin. "That's brilliant, Dean! I'm really proud of you."
Noah had pitched such a fit - howling for his brother - that John ended up taking him to the hospital in Dean’s brown Ford Mustang, instead of going home. The two-year-old’s screams had subsided into noisy, hiccuping sobs, but still drew a lot of attention, all negative as far as Dean could discern. John had come in for his share of slurs, including speculation that alcoholism ran in the Winchester bloodline. It hadn’t been limited to just people waiting to be seen by a doctor either, dark looks and muttering coming from many of the hospital staff. One popular theory that sprang up on the spot was that both Dean and John had been drunk, with neither of them capable of supervising the twins and setting the stage for
Where had he left the blasted thing? he wondered, not wanting it to awaken his mate, who was enjoying a rare sleep-in that morning. Finally locating it between the sofa cushions, he blushed as he remembered the heavy makeout session the evening before - which had led to something even better than kissing. His cell must’ve somehow gotten wedged in there when he and Cas had torn off each other’s clothes.
Gabe’s eyes widened. “Really? I mean, I knew your pops was a bit… off, but I didn’t know he was an alcoholic.”
Bobby raised his eyebrow with an almost-fond smile. "Monday at seven?"
The redhead turned to look at him as she stopped in the doorway. "Yeah?"
The woman looked up at him, an eyebrow rising in surprise. “Okay, puppy, lesson number one,” she said, voice like honey. “Don’t ever say that again. It not only makes you sound like a mardy teenager, it also makes you look stupid.”
John looked at Dean a trifle warily.
“Have we decided which of the big gifts-” Castiel was asking when the oven timer went off, followed almost immediately by a beep from the microwave.
Stepping towards his mate, the mechanic bit his lip. “It’s okay,” he assured Cas. “Just, you know, try and be happy for me next time? The car is really brilliant.”
It stung, the omega noticed, despite the careful preparation and despite the slick gushing out of his body, Castiel was still too big for it to be entirely comfortable. It didn't take away from the feeling of utter 'rightness' though. Cas was being very gentle, inching in miniscule thrusts.
was glaring at him from the brightly lit mobile.
"Really?" sniffed the fifteen-year-old.
"Hey, Cas," he said with a hesitant smile, not resisting the hug Castiel pulled him into.
"Can I take it off?"
Charlie smiled. "It really is. You look like a model."
"An aquarium?" breathed Dean as Castiel pulled up to a large blue building with the words 'Underwater World' written in large black letters on a wall and a fake shark head hung above the front door.
Castiel spoke first. "I'll have the 'Svíčková', thank you."
Dean smiled timidly. "Yeah?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You told your daddy that?"
Dean shrugged. "Cas is not a lad, Bobby; he's over thirty-five."
Shaking his head, Dean clicked on a different article. Quickly reading through it, he grinned. “Look, Sammy, this one is calling me groundbreaking.”
that’s worrying me,” Dean remarked. “The moments when you aren’t there, that’s when it’ll all go to hell in a handbasket,” the omega worried, biting at his lower lip.
“Santa!” Noah persisted with single-minded focus.
When he got home, Dean carefully put away all of his purchases before showering and pulling on a pair of his new lacy shorts, a smirk on his face. Sammy was staying overnight with a friend, so he and Cas wouldn’t be disturbed.
"Really, I'll talk to Cas today and fix you up with a awesome room, okay?"
That's only natural, Dean. Everyone's nervous their first time - be it the first time ever or their first time with a new person.
Dean blushed. "I, uh, I went to an omegaist gathering in the Springs."
Dean looked at his friend curiously. The redhead, who appeared rather droopy at a closer glance, normally thrived on coffee, drinking it all day long. The soft smile on her face allayed his flicker of concern that there might be something seriously wrong, but he’d check with her when they were alone - just to be sure - he resolved.
“I’m thrilled, of course,” Dean instantly replied. “Omega rights are really important to me and I’m still going to support omegaist causes.” He looked down shyly as he continued, “But I’ve decided I’d maybe like to have children, make a real family with Cas. If not right away, then definitely soon.”
chocolate cakes for their birthday. After that, Noah graciously agreed we could have ‘Fava’s cake’ tomorrow, with Aaron rather grumpily seconding him.”
And Dean wanted to see him again, even if it was just to talk about politics or omegaism and he'd be damned if John ruined that by his visions of rich mates and family obligations. He could understand that their financial situation was the worst it has been in years and that Dean mating someone wealthy would solve the problem once and for all but Dean couldn't bring himself to even think about that. He felt it wasn't his responsibility to deal with the situation - leave it to the alpha; wasn't that what John always said?
“So, how’d your weekend go?” Bobby inquired, snagging a couple of the chips.
fanfiction, Charlie rooting for the Kirk/Spock romance while Dean was more partial to a rare Picard/Data ship.
Dean read the whole article with bated breath, realizing how big of deal the bill really was. If mated omegas could vote separately from their mates, it could seriously change the distribution of votes between the two main political parties. The Conservatives had had preponderance over the Liberals for around twenty years now, and America hadn't seen a Liberal president for almost twice as long.
Immediately after sending the text, Dean changed his mind. It sounded lame and he doubted Cas would be glad to receive such a dumb message. He couldn't do anything to take it back though, so he just set his phone on the bedside table and tore into his fast food bag.
All right, he had to stop that. Dean was attracted to the guy, sure, but he didn't want to mate with him. It was just the - what did Rufus call it? -
There’d been all sorts of muttering from the other staff at the reception desk, with “neglectful” and “abusive” the most common aspersions. Dean had even heard something like “shouldn’t be allowed to have children,” which stung really badly, especially since his thoughts had been running in the same channel.
“Figures,” Castiel grumbled before raising Dean’s hand to his mouth and licking at the skin between his middle and ring fingers.
Dean looked at Cas in consternation. “I’ll be right back,” Cas murmured, heading to the bathroom, dampening a washcloth, and coming back to hand it to John so he could blot his face.
The omega belatedly agreed, albeit still a little reluctantly, “You’re right. I think Aaron will be more careful from now on. Noah also knows better now than to egg Aaron on to eat strange things.”
"Why do you say that?"
. I’m scared,” the normally stoic fifteen-year-old whimpered.
Castiel threw him a sideways smile. "You can borrow it any time you want."
"Can I sit down?" asked the older man and Dean nodded, biting his lip.
"And more diabetes," muttered Benny as he accepted a small packet of licorice sweets.
An anonymous voice interrupted, shouting, “All these fucking omega freedoms - how’s that working out for you, Novak? You let your mate off the chain and he ends up as a flaming drunk! Should we really be listening to you?”
That evening Dean and Cas had another date and despite the way he felt, Dean didn't want to cancel. He did ask Cas to walk with him around the park first though, to burn off a bit of the nervous energy that kept his legs shaking.
Charlie shrugged. "I think something bad happened to him once when he was riding a bus and he hasn't gone on one since then. But he never told me anything so it might be just a diva behaviour," she finished with a grin, trying to lift the mood again.
Good thoughts?
“Wow. This place is fancy,” Charlie commented as she looked around. “You’re living high on the hog, Dean.”
"You got to keep your sugar up, people," he explained. "More sugar, more happiness."
The political expert chuckled. “And expect the numbskull omega haters to
"What do you mean 'ready'? Dean! How long do you think he'll wait for you? You can't afford to not be ready with a guy like that."
“They might just as well have.” Dean pouted.
The political coach laughed heartily. “Can’t stand the stuff,” she responded; “tastes like cat piss. I could go for a standard cuppa, though, if you have some.”
"Take it off," he whispered once the offending piece of fabric was bunched up under Cas' arms and wouldn't move any further.
The omega flushed, hastening toward the entrance of Nordstrom, hoping they wouldn’t refuse him entrance because of his sloppy dress. To his relief, he earned no more than an askance look from the woman behind the perfume counter as he walked inside.
John walked downstairs still in his pyjamas, yawing widely and scratching his chin. "You finally stopped sulking and decided to cook for us?" he teased Dean.
“I guess it worked out for the best then, the way those damned journalists hounded me when I tried to re-enter the workforce,” John reflected. “Maybe if I’d been able to handle a desk job, it would’ve been different.”
? We’ll just mix up some cocoa powder, powdered sugar and heavy cream and we’re golden.”
"I'm glad you liked it," said Castiel, squeezing Dean's fingers lightly. "I noticed you are getting less and less hesitant while trying new things."
"Did your family support you?" asked the politician.
His dad put on his patient parent face. "Dean, son, I know that you love working on cars and that you are proud of yourself for getting that job. So am I. But you have to realize that if you had a mate who was also wealthy, you wouldn't have to worry about any of this."
Charlie's mail was an invitation to a movie night at a cinema in the neighbouring town - most likely near to where Charlie lived since an assurance that they could all stay at her flat overnight was attached. Along with Dean, another four people were invited - Gabe, Jo, Benny and a girl named Gilda, who was apparently Charlie's very omega girlfriend.
He couldn't be any happier as he entered the house that afternoon.
They arrived at Cherlie's flat ten minutes later and Charlie started grumbling about not having a place to park her car since in her usual spot was Benny's motorbike. "That tosser," mumbled Charlie as she pushed Dean out of the car; "go and drag that piece of metal out of there."
Gabriel looked around as if to see if there was anyone else listening to their conversation and when he ascertained they were indeed alone, he took a deep breath. "I was once sitting on a bus - it was like five years ago or so - and I was going home from a doctor's appointment, right?"
Dean rolled his eyes ostentatiously but in reality he was pleased that Castiel was so attentive and understanding, not pressuring him at all. "Let's move this to the bedroom, yeah?" asked Dean breathlessly.
Dean’s eyes flitted to the other omega’s stomach, which was as flat as they came. “Congratulations.” He smiled.
Dean grinned.
Sam smiled. "Okay, thanks, Dean."
(See the end of the chapter for
As he shuffled toward the kitchen, Cas’ arm securely around his waist, Dean heard one of the boys squealing in delight, “Gumpy, horsey!”
Dean almost snorted as he clicked on the link to the article. This was more than embarrassing, he thought to himself. What was it they said? That if you had to ask about it, you weren’t ready to do it? Or was that about something else? Or maybe it was that if you couldn’t say the word, you weren't ready for it.
Sam leaned in to see the screen over Dean’s shoulder. “Whoa, you’re on the Internet, Dean!” he commented. “Like a famous person.”
His mate simply chuckled as he pulled up in front of the city hall, where the gathering was being held.
Dean took a deep breath. "I'm sorry, I guess we just can't really talk about politics much. You come across as overbearing and I can barely get a word in edgewise."
“Aha!” he exclaimed in victory, his fingers closing around a rectangular box at the back of the drawer. Pulling the box out, he flipped it around, checking for the date.
Oh no, what if he wasn’t pregnant? What if he’d got all excited for nothing? He alighted from the bus, which coincidentally stopped right in front of the pharmacy, and steeled himself before entering the shop. In and out, he thought to himself, in and out.
He thought that if he were to be a politician, his head would constantly hurt.
? Dean was dumbstruck at the idea that Meg could be flustered like that. The strongest emotion he’d ever seen her show before now was irritation, when he failed to listen to her advice.
Castiel must've noticed Dean's confusion because he cleared his throat and his eyes finally cleared a bit. "I apologize, Dean. I know this must be sudden."
It turned even better as he heard Castiel growl at the back of his throat, the vibration of it reaching their lips. Having got such a response from the normally unflappable Castiel gave Dean a boost of confidence and he felt his hands sliding underneath the older man's T-shirt and lifting it up.
"So what about you, Dean-o?" asked Gabriel from his right, and Dean realized he hadn't been listening to the conversation for a while and must've missed some sort of question.
"I don't know what to do, Bobby," sighed Dean as he flopped next to his boss on the wooden bench they usually spent their lunches on. He unwrapped his sandwich, biting into it violently.
John rolled his eyes, chuckling quietly. "Well, you do have to give him something first. You can't really expect him to tie himself to you without knowing what he’s getting into."
Dean shrugged. "Maybe, but it's your money."
echoing in his mind.
"Well," started the older man, "not really. At first I wanted to join this betaist group but in the end I realized that it would never be as big as the omegaist movement nor does it have as much influence on politics. I figured I'd start here and work my way up to my own rights."
Castiel just have him a cheeky smile.
"You don't smell mated," said his dad, voice filled with confusion.
Gabe rolled his eyes at him fondly. "I was asking if there was a special someone waiting for you back at home."
Two hours later found their group, along with about thirty other people, in the hotel lounge room Charlie had reserved, eating hors d'oeuvres and drinking cocktails. Dean had sent off another text to his father in between sipping on a mojito and inhaling a piece of cherry pie, and he was having a good time.
The older omega stopped laughing uproariously but still kept chuckling. “I’m sorry, I swear I’m not making fun of you. I just can’t help but imagine you going into heat, and whenever my brother makes a move on you, you stick your fingers in your ears and start singing.”
Dean took a shuddering breath. "Maybe it just wasn't meant to be anyway."
Dean clicked out of the chat, returning to the main page and noticed there was another new article there.
Castiel just chuckled warmly, not even having the decency to blush.
The next day found both John and Sam standing in the middle of Castiel's living room, looking around with keen eyes. Dean had called his father after he and Castiel finished with their bedroom activities and despite not being very receptive at first, John did agree to come for a visit and bring Sam with him.
Dean sighed. "I'm really sorry. I was with Cas."
Dean shrugged. “I don’t know, he might have a point. I mean, I don’t think John deserves anything from us but…” he trailed off.
“Well,” Meg drawled, “someone has good taste. That would be fine, thanks.”
Castiel leaned back in his seat, taking the stance of a university professor. "I don't want people to associate me with a certain opinion unless I myself pronounce it," he started. "I believe that labels are important to a certain extent - they were invented for a reason after all - we need them in order to orientate ourselves in life, but I don't think that you have to slap a label on everything. I want to be free of people assuming something about me so I try not to call myself anything. I'm not an omegaist, just like I don't call myself bisexual despite being attracted to both women and men. The only real label I have been forced to take on has been the Liberal Party senator because of politics, and I can honestly admit to you that I hate it. As much as I agree with majority of what my party does, there are still people and opinions I don't want to be associated with."
"Dean," started Castiel patiently, "while in general terms omegaism does fight for gender equality, it mainly concerns itself with omega problems - hence the name. It's understandable, of course, since omegas face most of the unfairness of this world but I can't call myself something that would evoke in people the thought of me fighting for omegas first and foremost. That's not true. I fight for people - omegas, betas and even alphas - because all of us are the victims of bias, objectification or discrimination from time to time."
“I’m ready,” gasped the omega as he felt his inner muscles relaxing at the smell of an aroused alpha, his slick lubricating the way.
"Great, where's your fridge?"
The alpha finally succumbed with a quietly uttered “shutting up” and pressed himself against the slighter man a little bit tighter. Dean noticed the way they fit together perfectly, hard muscle pressed against soft skin, thick thigh squeezed in between elegant legs and big hands gripping at lightly toned biceps.
“Jesus,” Gabe breathed out as he lifted Aaron onto his lap, settling him next to Noah. “Who could resist these two?”
"There's some kindling in the cabinet over there," said the older man, pointing to a wooden chest of drawers in a corner of the living room.
did you ever think about mating anyone before me?
‘Hoppe hoppe Reiter’ is a light-hearted German children’s song, in which a white horse - a Schimmel - bucks off its rider.
"Okay, Castiel. Is he someone you met at the omega festivity you were at?"
Dean snorted. It wasn't him who was desperate. The one who should maybe backtrack a bit was John, who thankfully had no influence on how or when Dean has sex.
His boss shook his head. “It actually didn’t. The bloke who sold it to me had no idea what he had in his garage. He had inherited the Impala after his grandfather died and had no clue about classic cars.”
And unsurprisingly - considering how self-absorbed he had been - Dean had never thought about it like that. Did that mean Cas was also nervous while they were sitting on the couch? The omega thought back and tried to remember if maybe Castiel's hands shook or if his voice was unsteady but he couldn't recall anything other than how he himself had felt. Was it the same for Cas? Was it possible that he hadn't even noticed Dean's floundering because he was too preoccupied with his own feelings?
Dean hadn’t known it at the time, but all those rejections were a good thing. He’d lucked out with not finding a spot until Bobby took a chance on an omega and hired him.
“I was leafing through an old photo album,” John began quietly. “One with pictures of the four of us - your mum, me, you and Sammy as a baby - and it suddenly hit me that I’ve failed all of you. Mary would never have forgiven me for becoming such a shit dad. I can’t believe I practically left you to raise yourself - and Sammy too.” Wracking sobs began to course through his body as he doubled over.
He went home.
“Horsey, Gumpy!” the slightly older boy excitedly seconded.
inside?"
Dean smiled, leaning in to peck Castiel on his cheek. "It wouldn't have mattered, Cas," he said, "but I'm sure I'll love the aquarium."
Jo laughed, very obviously having already started on her stash of booze. "That's not even a remo.. remolty, re-mo-tely similar situation, Gabe."
"Do you have anyone to go with you?"
Thank you all for the support I'm getting on this story. It really means a lot to me, you're all precious gems :)
Castiel’s knot started catching on his rim, and as always, Dean found it hard not to come. He wanted this to be special for Cas though, so he forced away the urge to climax and concentrated on his husband, contracting around his long, hard length. He was rewarded by a gasp from Cas, so he repeated the motion.
Castiel glanced at the computer that was still in front of them. “They teach you most of the things you have on that list of yours.” He narrowed his eyes at the screen. “I don’t think they’ll teach you how to
They both turned to look at him, Bobby's stare doubtful and Castiel's appreciative. "Thank you, Dean," he told him in his raspy voice.
Dean came closer to the glass and noticed that once his eyes adapted better to the present light conditions, he could actually see what Castiel was talking about.
"So?"
decided - that it might be better if we supported you in getting help first.” Dean cleared his throat. “You could join some rehabilitation program at a clinic and get better,” he explained.
Dean almost choked. Really? After a week of not talking to each other, it was as easy as that? Well that was just stupid. He sent back an affirmative message, telling Cas to meet him at their usual restaurant the next day.
Dean snorted. Right, as if the journalist didn’t make ninety-nine percent of the article up.
and started reading.
Dean let out a breath.
John smiled back at him as he sat down, squeezing his chair in between Dean and Gabe’s.
They separated a few seconds later and Dean felt the older man's minty breath on his face. That was nice.
Dean felt his heart pick up its pace and his palms get slippery with sweat. He felt hot and it all was a bit too much. He chuckled nervously. "Just don't expect me to always vote for you... or well, with you," he blurted out.
“Not high enough,” Dean objected, even though that had only become clear in hindsight.
how inquisitive the twins are, and how Aaron will eat and drink
His father was quiet for a while, his face steadily getting redder and redder, before he finally blew up, “What the flaming heck is this?” he shouted, “You tryin’ to fob me off to some nut house, boy?”
“You’ve been quiet, boy,” commented Bobby as they sat in his office eating their lunch sandwiches.
Dean gulped down his drink before nodding in understanding. "No one is going to like that though," he pointed out.
Castiel raised his eyebrows at him. "Fugly?"
Seemed like the most plausible solution, don't you agree?
Dean nodded. "Clutch, eh? Needs removing the transmission first."
He cleared his throat. "So," he said, feeling curiously like a preschooler on is first play date.
“Hmm, not exactly,” Dean admitted. Grabbing his cell phone, he opened the online advertisement, and passed the phone to his dad. “But I’m planning to buy this one and have it towed to Bobby’s shop. I think it would make the perfect gift for Sammy’s birthday.”
"I do, Mr Singer." A pause. "I have been interested in people before but I’ve never felt this comfortable around anyone. I believe I could tell Dean anything and not be afraid he's going to turn against me. He's also always going to tell me the truth about what he thinks," he finished fondly.
After he hung up, the omega turned to his mate in confusion. “I don’t know what that was about,” he admitted. “I’ve never heard him sound like that ever before.”
Three quarters of an hour later, they settled on secretly leaking out the correct information - that it was Castiel’s father-in-law who was being treated for alcoholism. Dean was doubtful it could be done without anyone finding out it was them who leaked the news, but Meg assured him it was going to be fine. “It doesn’t really matter - once the information’s out there, you can’t take it back. That would normally be a thing we want to prevent but this time the truth’s in our favour.”
Two hours later they were sitting at a nearby ice cream parlour, Dean stuffing his face with two scoops of chocolate and one scoop of strawberry ice cream, while Castiel slowly worked his way through one measly scoop of mango ice cream. He had answered Dean's questioning look with a shrug and a quip about older people having a slower metabolism, which Dean didn't think deserved any real acknowledgment. The dude was hot and Dean didn't think he needed to be reminded of it.
"Goodbye, Dean. It was a pleasure meeting you."
The omega blanched as he heard his dad roar in the background, “Where the fuck is that no-good brother of yours? He’s supposed to be here taking care of us.”
Of course, Dean was sure John didn't deliberately lie to him but being an alpha who had been mated to a beta, he didn't fully understand omegas. Didn't understand their needs, their nature, their character. And mainly, he didn't understand that they weren't all alike. Some were cute and sweet, of course, but some were firmly built and strong-minded and didn't ever want to bear children because they didn't have a parental bone in their body.
Dean blushed, mentally cursing himself for his reaction. "I'm glad to be here."
Bobby looked agitated again. “Why? Did he say something about it?”
“Okay,” the omega agreed with a heavy sigh.
Dean shrugged sheepishly. "Not really." He paused. "But it feels good."
Castiel's eyes softened. "I apologize, Dean, sometimes I forget-" He paused. "Never mind. You are allowed to see whoever you want, however frequently you want. I would, of course, prefer you inform me of your plans once we- if we ever live together, but you are free to do as you please. Sam can even have his own room at my house, if you want."
Dean found himself unsure as to what to do. He hasn't had time to look at the drinks menu and he didn't know what to order. He looked at Cas quickly but the older man just returned his gaze. Well, that was useful. "Uh, I don't know. What do you recommend?" he asked the girl.
"Shut up," purred Dean as he hooked a leg over Castiel's thigh.
Dean nodded. This he could do. This he understood.
John snorted. "Please, he's probably enjoying it."
"This is your room, little bro," explained Dean. "Cas said you can decorate it however you want to and you will always have a place to sleep if you need it."
The older man looked concerned. "Are you feeling all right? You look a bit green."
Dean shook his head, feeling a mix of understanding, uncertainty and frustration. “No one’s disputing that, Cas,” he told his lover. “Bobby didn’t mean to step on any toes.”
The older man looked relieved. "Good. You seem to have a bright head on your shoulders; I wouldn't want us to start off the wrong foot."
Dean nodded vehemently. "Yes."
Before Dean could push as to what ‘mainly’ encompassed, two little boys raced into the kitchen, each of them glomming onto one of their dad’s legs.
Dean gritted his teeth as he looked at his father. "You just ruined any chances I might have had, Dad!" he cried out. "I hope you are happy," he finished and stomped up the stairs, trying to ignore the burning feeling of hot tears gathering in his eyes.
"Technically, Harry Potter is a fictional character, so he was born in 1997."
Dean raised his eyebrows hesitantly, surprised. "Eh, why?"
Dean laughed and Castiel's light-hearted comment and joined with his own teasing:
“How can you be so nonchalant?” Dean wondered. Today was the vote on the new Voting bill that was so critical to omega rights, and Castiel was just about to leave for the senate.
“Uh, yeah,” the mechanic mumbled, “I need to buy some formal clothes for an event this weekend.”
"Not interested," Castiel filled in.
Cas stood up, taking Dean back in his embrace. "I know that, but he is going to leave one day and then you're going to be left here, feeling guilty for not helping him. And I'm not saying to throw money at him and let him just gamble it away, but what if we paid for the utilities? Or paid off one of his loans?"
"Look, Dean," he said slowly, turning to face his omega, "we both know that John is a little sexist and irresponsible, but he is still your father."
Dean blushed again, cursing his complexion. "Well I'm not satisfied if you haven't - you know."
Jo unfastened her seatbelt. "Thank God, it's almost five."
Dean shrugged, trying to make himself small next to the beta. "I'm good, thank you."
Dean nodded.
Dean gave him a hesitant grin. "You're welcome."
The light brushes against the spot inside him never ceased though and Dean could feel a weird sort of tightness swirl around in his gut, as if begging to be released. It almost tickled, the feeling not unlike collywobbles. It grew and grew and Dean felt even his remaining control slipping away. The tightness suddenly intensified, his muscles clenching all the way to his curling toes, before releasing.
John was furious. "How dare you judge me, Dean! You have no idea what it's like being me. I just sometimes need to forget; my life is not easy. I've had to single-handedly take care of two children without any help."
Bobby raised his eyebrows but didn't give a further comment, so Dean went about his stuff. He donned his blue overalls, stuffed his bag in his locker and went in search of Bobby - all in the matter of three minutes.
Dean pulled out a sheet with the hotel information from his rucksack before fishing out a pen and writing his bit on the other side. When he was happy with the finished product, he sat down to wait for Charlie to wake up.
“’m not a good boy.” Aaron looked down at the floor, his pout morphing into a dejected expression. “Santa not comes here.”
“Nonsense,” the other omega dismissed his comment; “it would be brilliant. Just think of how popular they’d be.”
Castiel chuckled. "That's really no surprise, Dean. The cigarette lobby makes money off of omegas just like they make money off of alphas; there's no need to distinguish between the two."
Then again, the guy wasn't interested, so there was no danger of anything happening, right?
“Cas?” Sam questioned. “What about you? You’re none of those things they keep calling you. I mean, look at this,” he said, pointing at the screen. “They’re literally implying you were a hooker. I mean you were a prototype virgin!”
“Yeah, by every count, they’ve got enough votes,” Charlie stated confidently.
He snapped out of the daydream when he felt a dollop of slick leak from his hole. Embarrassed, he craned his head to see if it had seeped through his jeans and fortunately found that wasn’t the case. He sniffed the air to make sure there was no betraying scent before pushing open the door to the shop.
Another pat. "How is it different, Dean? We have money; it is as simple as that. It doesn't make us better than anyone but it doesn't make us worse either - it doesn't mean we are snobs or stuck up or any other thing you might be thinking right now. Don't let your father make you feel guilty."
That morning, Cas dropped Sam off, the boy waving cheerily at Cas and Dean before jogging toward the entrance to his high school.
Castiel kissed him again. "That can be arranged," he growled as his slid his thick thigh in between Dean's spread legs, pressing against his half-hard member.
"And you did?" snarled John. "I don't remember you working your butt off for the money you now have access to." His father paused in thought. "Actually, maybe you did," he finished snidely.
“You are. You and Aaron,” John confirmed, reaching out and doing his best to tuck Noah’s hair behind his ears. Just like Gabriel, he failed, the hair flopping back down when the toddler shook his head and gave his grandfather a gap-toothed smile.
Was that in the Canary Islands? Dean gave a mental shrug, guessing it didn’t really matter.
Castiel would never be interested in him now that he knew what a dunce he was, and despite how often Dean told himself he didn't care, his chest felt heavy at the realization.
"Yeah, I guess," he said, reckoning he didn't have to sound enthusiastic if Cas wasn't.
"I've got a four-by-four with a damaged drivetrain in the back; the driveshaft is all crooked. God knows how
Dean bit his lip. "Yeah, thank you."
"Maybe it should be," the politician muttered quietly, "he's your dad, Dean. You might not like him very much at the moment but you would still miss him terribly if he was gone."
"Then prevent any sort of communication between them. Change the person's contact name in your phone to something like Domino’s Pizza or even better, buy yourself a new phone which your daddy doesn't know about. Don't invite the person somewhere they might meet and if you feel you can be straight with them, tell them to avoid your father."
His back bowing under the onslaught, Dean groaned. He was supposed to be making this special for Cas, not the other way around. His mate wasn’t even inside him yet, and he already wanted to come. If Castiel kept this up, he’d never be able to hold off.
Dean found himself really liking the gruff man despite his first impression as he slid underneath a car to drain it of old oil.
Dean grinned. "You are so full of yourself. I haven't noticed before because you're all stoic and reasonable but you are actually a smug little- uh, man."
Dean cleared his throat. "The red ones are for mated alphas. They count for two because they're also voting for their omega."
"Hey, buddy," said Dean softly, "how're you feeling?"
So he typed the words
“Sorry,” he apologised, throwing him a smile. “I’m trying to come up with a plan to break the news to my dad. Do you think that tying him to a chair would be reasonable?”
Dean gathered the boys in his arms and pressed a kiss to Aaron’s soft, downy hair and then to Noah’s, making soothing noises the whole time. He thought that they’d already worked through the cycle of explanations and apologies - phrased so that two-year-olds could understand - but apparently not. Maybe the problem was that he’d hardly been involved; it was Castiel and John who’d sat the twins down and took them to task - Aaron for drinking an unknown substance and Noah for egging him on.
Dean leaned over to mess up Sam's hair a bit. "I promise."
The omega winced slightly, though he was still smiling. “I don’t know if
For the first time in his life, Dean thought that having to stay at home after dark so he didn’t get assaulted or raped was incredibly unfair and that while alphas did carry the burden of earning money more frequently, there were some omegas out there who had good jobs as well and managed to support a household all by themselves.
The sound of an incoming text interrupted his thoughts.
Dean hadn't spoken to Castiel ever since their weird conversation, not as much because he didn't want to but because there were always people around. He actually wanted to explain to the politician why he wasn't interested. That it wasn't anything Castiel said or did, that he was really kind of perfect, but Dean just didn't want to date anyone at the moment.
He walked into the building, following little paper arrows pointing him towards the interview room. He sat down next to the only other person present - a wiry guy in glasses that Dean suspected had also been at Crowley's auto shop but he wasn't completely sure.
“Why don’t we get him over to the couch?” Cas advised. “He can sleep it off there. We can confront him later, when he’s sobered up.”
Castiel then ended the embrace but kept a hold on Dean's arm, sliding his hand to clasp Dean's. "Come on, we'll walk for a bit before going to the diner.
Dean didn't comment any further, instead heading towards the kitchen. And if he couldn't find John's favourite pasta and had to make penne instead? It was a complete coincidence.
Castiel released a deep breath, squeezing the omega tightly. “Okay,” he whispered in the younger man’s ear, “I’m sorry.”
“With Aaron right-” Castiel couldn’t quite finish before their other son chimed in.
"Castiel."
Letting the subject drop, Gabriel hopped out of the kitchen. “Sure thing, Dean-o,” he called over his shoulder. “Sugar and milk in mine, if you please.”
Gabe chimed in. “Yeah, Masters is right about that.” He shot a begrudging look of respect at the woman. “She almost always is when it comes to politics.”
The omega snorted. “Right, because-” he paused, his eyes falling upon a beautifully wrapped box on their coffee table. “What’s that?”
Dean was still feeling jittery an hour later, during which he’d busied himself cleaning the kitchen. When he started sweating profusely, he stopped scrubbing out the kitchen sink because he was also rather lightheaded. He figured it must be because of his upcoming heat. Pouring himself a glass of water, he went to the master bedroom and pulled his heat tracker out of the nightstand on his side of the bed. He went to mark down his symptoms when he noticed his heat should have already started two weeks earlier - around the time of the political do at city hall. What the hell?
“I want that too,” he admitted, hips twitching more violently.
Castiel looked confused. "He has?"
Castiel pressed a kiss to his temple. “Let’s find out,” he mumbled before beginning to lead the way outside.
“You hiding one out in the garage?” his dad replied, lips twitching.
While Charlie was giving him a refill, Meg set her phone down on the table, presumably having finished her conversation. “You’ve got nothing to worry about, pet,” Meg commented, doubtless responding to the anxiety Dean couldn’t hide. “Like you said, it didn’t take the detectives long to ascertain there was no abuse involved. They were able to resolve matters while they were at the hospital.”
was the one accused of murder, not him. His brow furrowed as he wondered how she had acquired his friends’ contact info; it wasn’t like it was just lying around or whatever. Well, okay, he decided after a moment; it made sense that she might have Gabe’s deets. After all, he was Castiel’s brother, and she’d probably had to prepare him for the occasional question from the press. Charlie, though, had him stumped. Unless perhaps Gabe had suggested her to Meg. He was still surprised though, since his omega brother-in-law, like most everyone, was cowed by the political coach.
After a curious look sent Den's way, the senator turned to the waitress to place his own order. "A barbecue hamburger with extra cheese and some water, please."
“Yeah, I’m here.” Dean pulled open the door, a sheepish look on his face.
Castiel hmmed. “Perhaps it is time to introduce you to the public then,” he pondered aloud.
And the last chapter is finally here. Be honest, you didn't think we'd ever get to this point, did you? :D We want to express our sincere thanks to those who supported us throughout this story, we probably wouldn't have finished this without you.
"You've never seen
“Bye, son.” John hugged Dean before nodding at Castiel and following an orderly deeper into the building.
Benny nodded. "It never got as bad as that for us. During the slavery epoch, betas were mainly used as servants, teachers or midwives. Stuff like that."
Their lips were swollen and red by the time they separated for the final time, Dean resting his head against Castiel's shoulder for a few seconds before glancing at his watch.
"What made you decide to search out the group?"
Sam nodded weakly before promptly falling asleep. He went out like a light and Dean had to chuckle softly at how fast it really was.
The two men smiled at each other before passing out, Cas slumping down on top of Dean.
Dean scowled. "I can't. My father doesn't let me drive her anymore; he says he'll give it to my brother when he presents as alpha."
Sam coughed. "Okay, so it's thirty-eight point five."
"Hi, Sammy. Guess what?"
“I’ve gotta get a look at the bloke,” Charlie had commented. “He’s gotta have balls of steel to go out with the spawn of Satan herself.”
Castiel immediately did as he was told and Dean was left gaping at a really nice and firm and hot and tan and... did he say hot chest? He started exploring it first with his hands, and when he found the bottle, with his lips. The skin wasn't as smooth and soft as Dean's, probably because of the fact that it had been shaved longer than a few hours ago, meaning it was slightly prickly, but Dean didn't complain.
“Okay.” Dean smiled at the redhead. It had been fun catching up with her, but he was getting anxious to shower off the stink of the last few days before Castiel got home.
Gabe rolled his eyes at him, the annoyingly fond look still on his face. "Not in so many words, but I can tell. He's head over heels. Never have I seen him like this with anyone else."
Castiel looked smug even though his face was mostly neutral. "I know," he said.
"That was a really good dinner," sighed Dean dreamily as he and Cas were walking hand in hand from another one of their cuisine-tasting expeditions. This time the older man had brought him to a Vietnamese restaurant and despite being a bit sceptical at first, Dean did a complete one-eighty after he tasted his Bún chả. It was a perfectly seasoned dish of grilled pork over white rice noodles with a spicy dipping sauce on the side, and had Dean not eaten all those spring rolls before as an appetizer, he would've probably ordered a second helping.
Wait, Tiffany? Dean remembered seeing an old
Cas then continued, “And regardless of the state your father’s in, we’re taking Sam home with us.”
that."
The trickster shrugged noncommittally. “Nah, I’m happy as I am. Besides, who would want a washed-up, old omega like me?”
"Dean Winchester," said a slightly raspy voice from the inside of the office and Dean immediately stood up to go in.
Before Dean could begin to make sense of it, someone else readily agreed, amusement evident, “What she said.”
Dean made a disgusted face. "Hell no, but maybe a grilled cactus?"
Sooo ... military money?
"Obviously, the fish did away with it in a matter of minutes, inspiring Roosevelt to write a captivating, yet false information concerning their aggressiveness. Of course, it would be foolish to assume they're not dangerous. Did you know that if all vertebrates were the same size, piranhas would have the strongest bite of them all?"
Bobby raised his eyebrows. "You'll have to show me sometime."
“Sensationalism, Dean,” Charlie reminded him. “They wanna sell newspapers. The reporters probably talked to some boneheaded anti-omegaist who doesn’t care about the facts. Probably a janitor or something.”
The weekend came quickly and before Dean could even think about it, he was preparing to head out for a second night away from home in as many weeks. His dad hadn't been happy about it but he most likely held hope that Dean would meet a possible alpha mate and Dean didn't disabuse him of the notion. If only because it got John off Castiel's back.
"Oh, you're back," came a tired voice from behind him.
“I could never do without you as my mate,” Cas declared, turning Dean onto his back and covering his body with his own. “I love you.”
“Good.” Cas smiled back and sucked lightly on the tip of his ring finger.
Castiel chuckled warmly next to his ear. "You back with me?"
The young omega could feel moisture pooling in his lacy boy shorts. He’d dug out a pair of the risqué underwear that he’d purchased a few years ago, pleased to discover that they fit as well as they had back then. Well, almost. The waistband had kept rolling under, but he’d solved that by tugging them down on his hips. He had a feeling Cas would like the way they looked, maybe even more than when he last wore them...
Castiel nodded. “Of course, let me lead you somewhere a bit more quiet,” he offered, a hand at the small of Dean’s back.
"Hey, buddy, can I talk to you?"
Dean slid under the covers, snuggling into his mate’s arms, but he couldn’t stop crying. “Why am I such a weepy mess?” he wailed. “It’s a good thing that Dad’s getting help.”
Dean didn't question it and went back over to the couch, sliding into his seat next to Cas. "I'm here," he said a bit cheekily, turning to the older man. Cas was looking at him intently, his pupils dilated. He looked aroused, though the jeans he wore managed to hide the evidence. He also smelled aroused, Dean realized as he took a deep breath and got a whiff of air saturated with ozone - an interesting change from Castiel's normal smell of rain.
Dean chuckled. "Like that, do you?"
It was because of his fascination with the newly revealed skin that it took Dean a few moments to realize that Cas was looking at him questioningly, his hands on the hem of Dean's undershirt.
The next day at work, Dean was away with the fairies. He kept thinking about what his father had told him the day before and he tried to come up with a way to prevent the man from messing up Dean's relationship with Castiel. He knew that if John said something to the politician, Castiel would bolt and Dean would never be able to talk to him again.
"You all right?" asked Castiel, his voice raspier than normal.
manage to get up and see Castiel on his way? “Um,” he stuttered, quailing at the idea of getting out of bed but determined to try. “The kitchen?” he added weakly.
"And big," muttered John. "I hope you have a maid that cleans up after you. With the money you have, you shouldn't expect Dean to do all the work."
Both men smiled as they watched clumsy, plump hands grasp the cups and bring them to chubby faces. Aaron almost immediately looked up in round-eyed dismay when Noah’s arm jiggled his cup, causing the milk and cookie mixture to miss his mouth and plop onto his granda’s jeans.
“Then, can we go now?” John asked, holding out a trembling hand for them to see. “If I wait any longer, I’ll likely fall off the wagon.”
The omega shrugged. "That's different..."
"Exactly."
“Is there a problem,
“You’re welcome.” Dean patted his husband on the arm with his free hand. “You want to change out of your suit before we eat?”
“Thanks,” John mumbled after cleaning himself up a bit. Turning to his son, he declared, “You were right, Dean. I think I do need help.”
"But," mumbled the older man against the onslaught of Dean's lips, "your heat cycle-"
“Or John?”
The screen showed a butch-looking woman with a caption underneath informing them she was named Georgia Corvin, age 22, designation omega. She was saying, "I have been refused by numerous record companies because of what I look like; some of them even told me that they would sign me on if I changed my appearance." She started getting emotional. "I just want to be judged based on my talents and not based on the fact that I am not your typical omega-"
Dean nodded enthusiastically. "Yes, sir. I have experience, mainly on classic cars like '67 Chevrolet Impala or '70 Ford Mustang, but I have worked on some newer models as well."
Dean came to a few minutes after to the feeling of Castiel's strong arms around him. He stared at the ceiling that had only just come into focus and sighed. "Wow."
Dean shrugged, feeling bitter. "I just think you're doing it wrong. If you expect that taking money away from alphas is going to get you omega votes, I think you'll be surprised."
Cas huffed out a short laugh. "No, I don't suppose you have. Apologies."
“No,” Castiel instantly objected. “This house wouldn’t survive four boys on a sugar high.”
Before he could ask, Gabriel read out loud, “According to a source at the hospital, we’d all be better off if Senator Novak’s mate were sterilised.”
Dean grinned at him. "Well he did thank you, didn't he?"
"Yes?" rasped the other man, his head still uncomfortably close to Dean's crotch.
Castiel turned to him, his face sombre and his voice quiet when he said, "I had hoped I explained it better."
Dean shrugged. “I guess. I don’t know what Cas will have to say to that.”
“Reading articles about Dean,” Sam informed the older man.
Thank you all for wishing me a Happy Birthday (even though I kind of bullied you into it, I felt really special reading your comments :)
It seemed Castiel had no such scruples as he let out a soft groan as he bit into his burger. Dean was embarrassed to feel a stirring in his nether regions and he tried to tell himself that he wasn't bummed that Castiel was only interested in his story.
Charlie clapped her hands together once and looked around. "Okay, so I booked five rooms in total with four beds each and I even managed to whine enough to the hotel manager to persuade the him to let more people sleep on the floor if they're quiet and don't make a mess. So I'm just gonna pick up the keys and then we can go and get settled. The party starts at six, so we have about a hour to get ready."
Ignoring John’s pissed off growl, Dean stropped off out of the house, slamming the door behind him. As soon as he was standing outside, he burst into tears. That had gone even worse than he expected it to and his snarky attitude definitely hadn’t helped, he thought. Gulping in some much needed oxygen, the omega turned his face towards the skies. He had totally blown it and now John was even less likely to find help than he had been before. Perhaps he should’ve asked Cas to come with him? The politician certainly had a way with his words and he might’ve had a chance to persuade his dad to do the right thing.
“Good,” Castiel replied. “But I’m sure you’ll understand if I wait and see. It’s deeds, not words, that count with me.”
The man nodded. "Of course, I just wondered if you would, maybe, want to come to the cinema with me sometime?"
After swooping down on Noah, the other mischievous cherub, and picking him up, John appeared in the entryway to the living room. “Holy sh- cow,” he groaned, the fond look on his face belying his words, “it’s impossible to keep up with
“Uh, no,” Dean belatedly replied, feeling like an idiot. It had never occurred to him to ask for a copy of the report.
Is it just us or are the chapters getting shorter and shorter? Oh well...
Dean then found the official webpage of the Conservative Party, who seemed to rely more on popular decisions based on religious values and habits as well as trying to help the poor by giving them money they took from the undeserving rich. No wonder his father was a Conservative, thought Dean.
They left the freshwater fish behind and moved through a darkened hallway into the shark tunnel - the main attraction of the exhibit. They both watched in wonder as different large sharks swam all around them.
Dean smiled. "Yeah, you too."
Well fudge.
After cheerful greetings, Dean managing only a weak 'hello' to Castiel, they all piled into Charlie's living room, where a curly-haired girl was sitting on a couch. She waved at them shyly.
Dean blushed like a damn virgin. "Eh, no. No one."
The other man shook his hand warmly. "Castiel Novak, pleased to meet you," he said in a deep, raspy voice that Dean would've thought was forced if the guy didn't look so relaxed while talking to him.
as he put the finishing touches on the dinner he was preparing for himself and his mate.
, really.”
and what about me? am i a lovely girl?
He smiled at him. "I'm good. Just checking in with my dad. He worries."
His alpha stroked a hand down his back, settling on the top of his bum. "What happened, Dean? You haven’t said a word ever since you came home."
"Oh, sorry," said Dean, looking anywhere but at the senator.
He read through the goals and aims page, raising his eyebrows from time to time as he skimmed over the text. It seemed that the Liberals were indeed interested in lowering the welfare benefits as well as reworking the financial plan for the next few years, allowing omegas to join the army and establish new contracts with other members of the IMHU - International Military Help Union. They also wanted to introduce a one-dollar fee for visiting a doctor to bring more money into the health resort and make central registry connected cash registers obligatory for all businesses to keep an eye on the payment of taxes.
A throat being cleared roused Dean from his work.
The issue that Senator Roche had brought up is a very important one and it is a pity that it has been overlooked for so long. It's been over a decade since we introduced the merit scholarships for alphas and betas and didn't think to give the same privilege to omegas under the pretence of its redundancy. I believe it is time to change that."
The alpha chuckled, the vibration of it going all the way to where they were joined, causing the omega to shudder helplessly. In response to that, Castiel finally started moving. He began slow, pulling almost completely out of Dean before steadily sliding back in - setting up a regular rhythm. The omega couldn’t help but think how wonderful it was to have the other man fill him up over and over, his tempo steady and his movements never faltering.
The older man gave him a cheeky grin. “It does, doesn’t it? It’s all those spices. Makes an omega’s slick all sugary and spicy too - or so I’ve heard. Imagine how crazy my brother will go on you the next time-”
You might have noticed I'm not a very romantic person (I believe someone commented on the lack of romance in my work :) and if I was to draw from my own experience, they would end up at a shooting range ... which is probably not a very good idea.
Meg emphasised, “That’s
"Senator Novak must've arrived. He's a bit of a hero amongst the omegas here."
At Jo's indignant squawk, the whole car erupted in laughter once again.
“Even if there is something to that theory, the paper doesn’t outright accuse you of murder, pet,” Masters observed. “The
Dean nodded, his eyes glittering. “I promise,” he breathed out. He really couldn’t wait to get underneath the bonnet.
"Oh, I'll have the Radegast then."
"Okay, so- uh, the welfare benefits?"
"All right. What are you making for dinner? I was invited to go to the pub with some mates so I would welcome something fatty."
“Being a politician, especially one who’s been a senator for a long time, means that Cas has a lot of power,” Dean clarified, spelling it out as much for himself as for his brother. “He has to negotiate with his opponents to pass laws that will improve conditions throughout the country. If I don’t understand his arguments - whether I agree or not - I end up looking stupid.”
Dean checked the records, searching out the man's name. "Yes, the four-by-four. It's ready for you in the back. I'll call my boss over, so you can pay," he said as he took the keys to the Ford. "You want me to bring it out front for you?"
Their conversation was interrupted by the waitress asking for their orders. Castiel wanted pasta with sage butter, feta cheese and olives, while Dean asked for a herb-marinated steak with green beans upon seeing the look on Castiel's face at Dean's order of chips. The waitress then left them alone for a while to go and prepare their drinks, letting Dean and Castiel return to their conversation.
The door suddenly opened and a tallish guy with a beard and an old blue cap on his head came out. He scowled at the two of them, grunting after a moment, "You two idjits have experience?"
Dean chuckled wetly. “So it’s not just me?” he sniffled.
He shrugged as if he didn't really care. "We talked about politics yesterday and I don't think we agree on much."
He had been looking forward to meeting the guys from
Charlie met his eyes in the rear-view mirror as she pulled off the curb. "Is that why you searched out our group?"
“And Bob’s your uncle!” announced Gabriel as he put the concoction in the oven at the required hundred and eighty degrees. “Just set it for forty-five minutes and it’ll be ready. Then we can fill it with my homemade redcurrant jam and pour some chocolate spread over it.”
“It didn’t go at all!” Dean yelled, standing up. He was still riled up and his mate was now about to receive the brunt of his anger. “If you don’t think I’m a capable human being, why’d you even mate me?”
"Oh."
Dean shrugged. “I’ll take it.”
John looked up at Castiel. “Are you still willing to send me to that rehab center?” he asked, both mortification and determination in his voice.
After a while, the older man's mouth left his slick entrance and was immediately replaced by something else. Dean turned his head, looking back at Castiel. The alpha's mouth was glistening, his lips red, while his eyes were darker than ever and completely focused on where his thick finger slid into Dean. Oh, that felt wonderful, thought Dean as he thrust back against Cas' hand.
The other man looked deadly serious. “You should do something about that before it’s too late,” he urged him.
Dean closed his eyes as he felt another kiss being bestowed on his lips. It felt really good; Castiel's mouth was careful on his own as his hands grabbed lightly onto Dean's upper arms, and when he felt a tongue probing at the seam of his lips, it turned even better. It wasn't their first kiss, by no means, but something about it felt different and Dean was left breathless at the other end of it.
“I hope so, Sammy,” Dean responded, ruffling his brother’s hair affectionately.
Dean nodded, smiling politely. "And your name would be?"
Castiel squeezed him a little tighter. “And what exactly did you have in mind? Some sort of group therapy or a rehabilitation centre?”
"Gabriel," muttered Castiel, the single word immediately explaining the whole situation.
Castiel must have noticed his discomfort because he stepped a little closer, as if to shield him from the stares and told him in a quieter voice, "Why don't you run along for now and I'll find you when there are not so many spectators around so we can talk?"
Castiel seemed to shake himself. "Oh, I'm sorry for making you uncomfortable, Dean," he said in a low voice, the intensity not leaving his blue eyes even as they left Dean face, focusing on the blackened TV.
Looking at the clock above the front desk, Dean grinned. "I've still got five minutes. I'll be in my overalls before the clock hits seven."
"No I understand that; you already said that before," said Dean, still feeling confused. "But what does that have to do with my job? A job and a mate don't exclude each other."
Dean stared at Meg in shock. He could still remember the political coach going on about how too much caffeine wasn’t good for you when he’d first met her. She, like,
This chapter is a little shorter than normal but it was a real struggle to write, so I'm glad to even have this to post :)
asked a reporter.
Everyone else made sounds of agreement and found their own spots to sit. Dean watched Gabe and Jo settle on the floor in front of the couch and Castiel sit in an armchair to the left of the couch. The only other available seat was on the other side of Gilda and Dean knew that would be Charlie's place no matter what, so he settled next to Jo in between the couch and the armchair.
The teen quickly brewed a pot, setting out cream and sugar along with cups and spoons, as well as some freshly baked cranberry-pistachio biscotti. “Is there anything we can do about the alcohol rumors?” he inquired worriedly as he seated himself across from the coach. “I don’t want Cas catching any more flak from the opposition.” The omega ladled five spoonfuls of sugar into his cup, when he normally would’ve wanted one spoonful at the most, attributing his sudden craving for the sweetener to concern about his mate.
Dean mouthed back a silent “bitch” before turning back to the cooker and preparing his own breakfast. His thoughts went back to the evening before to a project that seemed to be running on the
"Oh, is he going to do something about that or what?"
Dean shrugged. "Yeah, I think so. I mean, I think Dad would've been happier if I had gone and found a mate rather than a job but he wasn't mad or anything."
Dean puffed out a breath. "When I came home this morning," he began quietly, "I hadn't even taken off my shoes when Dad sniffed out we've mated. He told me he was proud of me for taking care of my family."
The older man chuckled at him. "For what it's worth, you look very nice even without shoes, Dean."
Shortly after that, the senator ended the call, a perturbed frown on his face.
Benny looked at her and then around himself cautiously. "Just remember, people, don't wander away alone. We might be celebrating but the night is still dangerous. Don't be reckless."
They found a table near the back and sat down. A few seconds later, a pretty little blonde waitress appeared and handed them two leather-bound menus.
Sam shook his head. “Not really, I don’t want to be a bother.”
John came home some minutes after six o'clock, toeing off his shoes in the middle of the front hall a d throwing his bag halfway between the living room couch and the kitchen, before his eyes searched out Dean.
The woman smirked. “Tell the truth.”
The alpha was standing at the foot of the bed, drinking him in with darkened eyes and a fully erect hardness standing proudly between his legs.
All of a sudden, Dean halted and walked a few steps backwards, eyeing the item displayed front and centre in a lingerie boutique window. They were light blue boy shorts and they were flaming hot. The young omega almost pressed his nose against the window as he fantasized about Castiel slowly peeling the lacy material off of him…
“Why not get both?” the woman suggested with a bright smile. “Christmas is coming up and you could wear the red then.”
Bobby looked like he wanted to roll his eyes and it took a great amount of self-denial not to do it. "You can't make anyone do anything, son."
Dean did as he was told, snatching the family computer from his brother and running back to his room, ignoring Sammy's indignant call.
The omega grinned secretively. "Come upstairs with me and you'll find out."
His father's eyes widened. "You- you did?"
Castiel didn't seem to hear him as he inspected a great white from up close, but Dean didn't mind. They went through the rest of the exhibition mostly quietly, commenting sparsely and just enjoying the view.
"You finished with that?" asked John as he pointed at a sizzling rasher of bacon in Dean's pan.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean bit his lip uncertainly. "I, uh, I don't really know how to explain it but it's like conditioning, you know? The more people are going to listen to this song - or any other similar one - the more they're going to hear the words repeating over and over again; the more they're going to get used to it and think it's normal."
"Starfish are cute," said Dean as he stared intently into the clear water, not caring that he sounded all of five years old.
Castiel took Dean’s face in his hands, kissing him deeply. When their lips parted, he nudged his mate over to the bed. He lay down, fully clothed, encircling the younger man with his arms. “Was it really so bad with Meg?” he murmured.
Dean stuttered to a halt as he was washing his hands. That was it. That was the inspiration he had been waiting for. He knew what he was going to do for his
“Well, I think it’s brill, Dean-o!” the older omega declared. “I’ll definitely be the favourite uncle.”
“There might’ve been more people to provide a buffer between you and the reporters,” Dean shrugged, “but then again, they might’ve just contributed to the gossip. Regardless, it’s not your fault that the newsies followed you everywhere after you started working for that landscaping business.” The omega winced, recalling one awful tabloid headline, which had blared, ‘Alpha father condones omega son working while pregnant.’
Dean chuckled. "I like your hair."
Castiel tilted his head. "It's nice of you to join us then, Dean."
“Breathe, love,” Castiel urged him a few seconds later, and Dean realised that the stimulation was
Dean bit his lip. “Castiel offered to pay his electricity and the sort.”
“Nah. But your taste buds are a little weird sometimes. I mean, you put chocolate on bread,” Sammy retorted.
Dean led his brother into one of Castiel's guest rooms. "You see this room?" he asked.
Dean didn’t register what Charlie was saying, too astounded at hearing Megan greet someone so politely.
Megan opened her mouth, but before she could utter a word, Gabe ordered, “Don’t.”
"Hi, Dad," said Dean, foregoing his usual smile because of his worry for Sam.
"I'm not."
It wasn't a question but Dean still felt compelled to answer. "Yes?"
Dean nodded in agreement, while Castiel teased, “They didn’t get on at first, but that’s all sorted now.”
"Yeah well, so am I. I bet that girl is pretty unhappy now."
Taking a deep breath and mentally bracing himself, the young omega pressed the buzzer at the front door. It felt weird not walking right in, but he figured that since he had officially moved out, he was now just a visitor here and should therefore wait for someone to open the door.
That particular memory made his smile vanish in a hurry as he glanced at the offending cabinet. It was just another instance of him being an incompetent parent.
Bobby snorted. “Bullshit. That man was never any help to you. I don’t see why you shouldn’t return the favour.”
"Uh, the welfare benefit is smaller than the minimum wage?" he said finally.
Charlie came back again, this time with three bowls of popcorn. Benny, Dean and Gilda immediately went for them. "I have about ten more packets in the kitchen, people, so there's no need to fight over this."
"And omega," deadpanned Jo. "Can't give you children, Gabe."
Castiel nodded. "And he's my family now."
Charlie smirked. "Ohh, a picture! Great, just go and brush your hair a bit and put on that plaid shirt you had on yesterday." Charlie jumped out of her bed. "I'll pull out my camera and we'll go out."
"Well hello, my wayward son."
The explanation provided was that disagreeing made you actually get better educated on the topic before you attempted to have a conversation with the opposing party as well as formulating your arguments and basing them on facts.
“Here, let me,” Cas suggested, coming up behind the omega and reaching around to take care of the tie, knotting it in one go whilst licking the shell of the omega’s ear.
Aaaand another chapter :) I really like writing this story.
Dean sighed. "Of course not, I don't want to bother him."
yes, good thoughts. i was nervous about doing more but it was really great.
Dean wondered what sort of fields Castiel meant, since just a few days ago, there was no place to take money from. What if it was all just a political move? What if Cas wanted to look good by saying he would try to raise the welfare but in the end he wouldn't do anything and just say he was sorry?
“Santa here?” Aaron excitedly echoed his brother.
button.
“Hey, no being sad, okay?” Dean murmured, giving his brother a hug. “You’re here now and you’re staying. That’s final.”
Dean almost choked on his drink. "No," he coughed out, "I don't think so. John just wants to get his hands on your money so he could have another shot at stock speculation."
The green beans, which it wouldn’t take long to steam, were ready to go in the microwave. It was such an easy side to prepare that Dean felt a little guilty. It was like he was cheating on making a proper dinner, just draining the beans before adding freshly ground black pepper and tossing them. Then there was the garlic bread, which was almost as easy to prepare. The soup, though - one of Cas’ favourites - was more complex and should make up for the simplicity of the two sides.
Gabriel nodded. "I'll send him a text. You're going back to the hotel?"
The omega scowled. “So are you
John gritted his teeth, saying in a tense voice, “Get out.”
Dean blushed. "I don't know. I mean, I think so... Yeah, I think that if everything goes well, I'd like to mate him. Or well, you know, consider it."
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas beamed at him as if the joke had actually been a good one. “It’s your favourite - cardamom-cinnamon,” he informed his husband. “I made it just before I came in to get you.”
Castiel kissed his chin. "Of course I do, Dean. I love you."
“Wha?” he tried to voice his jumbled thoughts. Wait, wasn’t Castiel’s fixer supposed to be on holidays? Somewhere on the other side of the word - like the Canary Islands?
Dean gave himself a self-congratulatory pat on the back as he entered the home he shared with Castiel. He’d just succeeded in locating a classic 1971 Volkswagen Beetle Cabriolet via the online classifieds, and it was a steal. The fire-engine red
John took a shuddering breath. “Um, could you maybe come over? I want to… I want to apologise,” he told him quietly, sounding contrite.
Castiel smiled at him. “That sounds wonderful.”
"Then there are banks that are not held accountable for their actions. They don't manage their money properly and when they are at the verge of bankruptcy, they expect the government to fund them."
Dean sighed happily, tugging his mate back in for another kiss. “Love you too,” he returned the sentiment. His hips twitched when he felt Cas tease a finger over the sensitive, aroused spot.
The politician smiled. "It's all right, Dean. I am finding it a lot easier now to determine what you mean seriously and what is merely a joke."
Castiel shook his head slightly. "I'm not offended I just wish people didn't smoke."
Dean stuck his fingers in is ears to tune out Gabriel’s yabber. “La la la,” he sang loudly, “I can’t hear you!”
Castiel smiled at him, showing his gums. "What is your theory, Dean?"
"Despite what the leftists want to make us believe, we can't just keep pouring money into healthcare - or anywhere really - because we will soon run out. The Conservatives are now creating a large bubble in between what our government earns and what it gives out, promising people money that is just not there. And what do you think will happen when the bubble is too big and it bursts?"
"I am," the omega insisted.
There was a beat of awkward silence after his outburst - which had been completely hormone-induced, Dean was sure - as the three friends stared at each other. Eventually, it was Gabe who broke the silence.
“I will,” Dean promised, certain there had to be a better solution to the problem.
The older omega gave him a wide grin, and not even questioning Dean’s comment, he asked, “Was I at least a hot tortoise?”
John smiled at the senator, who exited his car, locking the door behind him. "John Winchester," he said with an outstretched hand.
Dean tensed up. "Yeah. Sure."
Dean grinned and got out of the car, walking over to the driver's side and leaning down into Cas' open window. "I'll see you tomorrow?" he asked hesitantly.
"Do you ever use the fireplace?" asked Dean as he sat on Castiel's couch. To his left was a pristine hearth made of marble or some similar stone and right next to it was a perfectly symmetrical pile of firewood.
The omega stood up from where he had been sitting on the couch, his whole body tense. “Fine,” he spat, “I’ll go. I don’t think you’re doing yourself any favours though. Think about it, Dad. Do you even know what school Sammy goes to?”
“Hiya, Dean-o, what’s that you’ve got?” Gabriel, who was sitting on the porch steps of Dean’s house along with a still half-asleep Charlie, greeted him.
Admit it, you stopped hoping it was coming :)
“Dean,” his brother yelled frantically the moment he pressed ‘talk’, not giving him a chance to say hello, “Dad’s drunk out of his gourd. He’s staggering around, smashing dishes and whatever else he can get his hands on. He won’t stop screaming at me, and he wants you home
Dean shrugged. "No, not really. Look, can we go inside? I'm kind of cold here and-"
Dean gritted his teeth; he couldn’t remember when he’d last gone a day without a cup of joe in the morning, with more cups following later on. It was
“Good boy,” Dean murmured with a cheeky smile
Castiel smiled against his lips, wiggling his hips between Dean’s legs. “Okay,” he whispered and Dean felt a wave of heat flow over him. He was sweaty and basically dripping slick by this point.
Before starting his search, Dean had approached Bobby about using his garage to refurbish the car. The older mechanic had agreed, albeit somewhat begrudgingly. “John has come a long way from the first time I met him,” the man acknowledged. “He’s not staggering around in a drunken stupor, yelling at everyone and everything.”
"Do that again," pleaded Cas and the omega gladly repeated the movement.
"It's just a flu or something," croaked Sam.
Those didn't seem like very popular measures.
why didn't you mate with her?
Dean collapsed onto the sofa as soon as he heard the door slam behind the woman, feeling like an utter failure. He stayed there, sulking and unmoving, until Cas got home.
"I never saw them. Why, was there anything interesting?"
Dean did as he was told, though the phone call was uncomfortable. “I wish I could have told him the truth,” he groaned after he hung up. “That it’s me who’s going to leak the news.” The omega felt guilty as John had simply thanked him for the heads-up and promised that he wouldn’t talk to anyone. “I mean, at least I warned him, but I wish I didn’t have have to lie - not just to my dad but to everyone else as well.”
Bobby sighed. "Look, Dean, I know that you are interested in politics and that you want to learn about the referendum but this channel really isn't the most unbiased one. And the Senate hasn't decided yet anyway. You should just look it up in the Internet or something."
Dean was curious. "What does that mean?"
He had called Charlie the very next morning after Castiel drove off and the redhead immediately came over, intent on making him feel better. She brought comfort food with her, some cards and a pretentious omega magazine that had photos of hot alphas in it. It didn't help much; he was still crying like a baby.
Castiel looked serious though. "Please do, Dean. If you ever need help or just want to vent, do call me."
"Thank you, Dean," he said, still fiddling with the device. "I promise not to abuse it."
It described Becky's alpha husband who was an author of fantasy novels and couldn't care less about politics. He allegedly always went to vote though, using both of their votes to support Becky's opinion.
Dean stared at her, more confused than ever. "But my dad told me-"
Dean folded his arms across his chest. "No, he's not," he lied through his teeth.
Dean nodded. "Yeah. He invited me to sleep over."
“Dunno. Guess I’ve heard Dad say it,” Dean replied.
at thirty-four years old.
The omega readily agreed. Then as they both munched on their half of a sandwich, Dean turned to his brother. “So, Sammy,” he began, “what do you think of the idea of rehab for Dad? It’s something Bobby suggested today.”
Also, if any of my faithful readers have any ideas as to what they would like to see in the story, don't hesitate to share your ideas. I will give my head a wobble and try to include them :)
Dean sighed, pressing closer to his partner. "I love you too, Cas, and I want you to bite me."
Many people in today's world struggle to find their identity. This is mostly the result of society and media constantly telling you how you should feel, what you should do and how to deal with certain situations. Therefore whenever what you actually feel clashes with what you think you should feel, you are confused.
Dean huffed. And how was he supposed to know what other people thought of him? They thought he was attractive, he conceded. That Crowley guy thought he was a breeding machine or something. Some people thought he was weak - according to the stereotype at least. His dad thought he was a bit brash for an omega. His brother always thought he could do anything but Dean wasn't sure how much of that admiration was still true for Sam. His new friends thought he was funny if a bit uptight - Jo's words, not his. Castiel seemed to think he was pleasant to talk to.
Frowning, Dean recounted what had happened, finishing, “I’m worried about how this will affect Sammy long-term; it’s not good for him to have been subjected to John’s drunken rages for so long. Maybe I should’ve thought about that.” He was silent for a moment before continuing, “Fortunately, Sammy seems happy to be with me and Cas.”
“Is that safe?” Dean attempted a feeble joke, pointing at the pot of tea that sat steaming on the table.
“Nine in favor!” Gabe exulted, more votes having been cast while the three friends were chatting. “They’re coming in fast!”
"Hello, Dean," he said, "why don't you invite your
"Just choose whichever sounds the best."
It was just after a late dinner that Charlie stood up on a table and in her best announcer voice informed the gathering that they were going out. "Let's go picnic!" she cried with a fist thrust theatrically high in the air.
After they finished their meals, Dean found out that not everything was as rosy though. He had made the mistake of asking Castiel to explain his political opinions further and in response was treated to an hour long lecture.
“Mmm,” Cas murmured absently as he nuzzled the sensitive skin behind Dean’s right ear.
They turned their heads towards him when he entered, John sniffing the air.
The mechanic smiled for the first time in hours, suddenly feeling better.
"I mean that a job that pays a couple dollars an hour is not really going to help us out of our financial situation; a new member of the family will."
"So you're what? In love with Dean?"
It didn’t take long for Castiel to come as well, his knot locking inside of Dean’s body and his arms shaking with orgasm. He grunted loudly as he filled his mate up with thick semen, and the omega felt himself slip into blissful unconsciousness.
"They look adequate."
"Jesus Christ, let him breathe," said Jo with a roll of her eyes.
Dean toed off his shoes, shucking his jacket, and practically danced his way into the kitchen. He was so euphoric over the red Chevy Impala Bobby had given him that he wanted to make something special for dinner for himself and Castiel. Then, they could celebrate together after he shared the news. Somehow, actually working on the car already made it seem so much more like it belonged to him.
“Cars, yeah. Not so much when it comes to kids,” John commented heavily. “Especially Käferli.”
Castiel didn't know what to say to that. "What did you say?"
Dean halted. "What? Why?"
Castiel gave her his professional smile. "I'd like a beer, thank you."
He hummed with his mouth full. "Yeah. I mean, I really like him and I'm actually thinking of - you know - but what if we get mated and then we realize we're not actually compatible?"
Dean chuckled to himself.
Dean shrugged. "I don't mind; it's good to know you find me attractive. And well, at least you're honest about it," he said with a grin.
Dean paled, his fists clenching in his lap as numerous voices seconded, “Here, here,” while feet pounded against the floor in approbation.
Bobby raised his eyebrows, not saying anything.
"Thank you. And please call me Castiel, Dean."
we're gathering our forces now,
Dean scoffed but Jo continued before he could say anything. "Just wait till you see him. Dark sexy hair, deep blue eyes, tanned skin."
Dean saw Castiel appear on the screen, just as handsome as ever. He was saying, "The discrimination of certain groups of people - be it omegas, betas, women or other races - is never going to stop unless we secure equal opportunities for everyone.
Dean squirmed on the bed, feeling exposed. "Come here," he mumbled, reaching out his arms towards his lover. He'd much rather have the man cover his slight body with his than lie here on display like that.
"Right." The word came slow and sceptical.
"Of course, Dean."
“Oh! I forgot it!” the excited teen shouted, sprinting back up the stairs.
Dean had only heard about it secondhand, the boys crawling onto the bed while he’d been even more of a weepy mess and a pale-faced Noah gulping out, “Is ’Ron gonna die?” Noah only shortened his brother’s name like that when he was overexcited or stressed.
As soon as he got into the car - fitting his narrow backside in between Dean and Benny - he pulled out a bag of sweets, offering everyone toffees, lollipops and gummy bears.
Dean wasn't ashamed to admit he giggled when his mate started tugging off his clothes. He'd just have to call John later.
interested. I just don't feel like having a relationship right now. With anyone."
It was when he lifted his cup to take a sip of the tea that his next step became clear. Dean’s nose wrinkled in distaste. He didn’t smell good at all; in fact, he reeked - far worse than he ever had after a day of working at Bobby’s garage. How he’d missed the stench when Castiel helped him into his robe - and how his mate hadn't gagged - he didn’t know. His pyjamas might need to go in the dustbin, he thought in disgust, doubtful that even the strongest of detergents could get them clean.
A few minutes later, Dean carried mugs of the steeped tea over to the table, along with a package of the Leibniz butter cookies that his dad favored. Always mindful that his boys could choke on the hard biscuits,
“That is a 1965 Chevrolet Impala SS. She’s in a good shape, needs just a few spare parts changing.”
Castiel shrugged. "I, uh... I don't invite many people into my home. In fact, I don't think I've ever brought a love interest over."
Dean nodded. His father most likely saw a way out of their financial trouble. If Dean took a rich mate, he wouldn't have to pay for Dean anymore; even better, there was a possibility the alpha would be so generous he would even help John out financially.
Another pause.
Castiel ran his hands down Dean's back, massaging his muscles in slow and firm motions, trying to loosen the tension. A few moments later, Dean felt a pair of lips join the older man's hands in their quest to relax him. The hot mouth was slowly mowing down his skin, leaving a trail of fire in its wake. Dean felt Castiel stop briefly to kiss the dimples at the base of his spine before continuing on their way, mouthing at the top of the omega's quivering bum.
Charlie shrugged. "He probably thought you knew. I mean, he talks about it all the time on the TV, how he's going to make sure everyone gets what he deserves and stuff."
As he sat at the kitchen table, head buried in his arms, the omega was distantly aware of the doorbell ringing. His dad would get rid of whomever it was, Dean thought disinterestedly, more tears leaking from beneath his eyelids and soaking into the sleeves of the green velour robe.
“So,” exclaimed his boss, clapping his hands together, “consider this your mating present.”
Castiel swallowed his mouthful. "We don't have statistics since this is a very hard matter to put into numbers. However according to questionnaires, there are a lot of lonely people - mainly seniors - who spend up to an hour with the doctor even though they don't need any medical help."
Castiel laughed, “I haven’t heard that expression in an age. Where’d you get it from?”
“I am,” he now responded determinedly, leading the way to the kitchen, where he quipped, “I’m going to stick with coffee, no matter how
Bobby still looked sceptical. “Then what’s bothering you?”
It was utter bullcrap.
"What's all the ruckus?" asked John, coming out of his room.
An affronted Castiel glared at him at first, but then his lips twitched and he started laughing too.
He didn't feel so useless the next morning but he also hadn't managed to gather the courage to write to Castiel. The politician didn't text him either though and Dean felt that was enough of a message by itself.
Finally, the the head of the Health and Human Services Committee, who was chairing the debate, banged his gavel, decreeing that discussion of the matter would be tabled until the following day.
It is my birthday today so I thought it would be great to give this chapter to you like a reverse birthday gift. (Actually, no. I am just shamelessly fishing for 'happy birthday's :) I hope you like the chapter.
Bobby had apparently driven his Chevrolet Chevelle over to Dean’s house, not wanting to depend on Meg for a ride, and offered to give Charlie and Gabe a lift - just let him know when they were ready to leave.
Dean nodded.
"Oh, I don't know about that. I guess I'd like some chicken?"
Dean chuckled as he read his friend's e-mail, cheered by the guy's exuberance. He thought about what meeting with Castiel might be like now that he knew the man wasn't interested. Dean found himself wondering what it would be like if he
"Dad, I'm sorry. I-"
Charlie said something in reply but Dean was deep in thought again. He thought he recognized the feeling he was experiencing; he remembered feeling the exact same way when Mrs Castle - his maths teacher - tried to explain derivatives and limits. He was overwhelmed.
Bobby walked out of the shop then, a dirty rug in hand and a dumbfounded expression on his face. "Did you hear?"
Dean was still cautious. "Then why are you so weird about it?"
"Are you all right, Dean?" asked the politician once they buckled themselves in.
Dean almost scoffed. Way to make him feel special, telling him he was one of many he was interested in. Then again, it wasn't like Dean was interested back or anything; he just thought the guy looked nice and was probably a good person. He was also rich, his mind supplied in his father's voice, and could provide for you and your children.
Gabe sipped at his brew before leaning back into the sofa cushions and focused his gaze on Dean. “I had a classmate who got addicted to drugs,” he began, “and it got him killed. Vic had been a good student, an attentive son and a good person in general, but when he got tangled up with the wrong people, he began bunking off school and stealing money from his mum. His parents tossed him out when he refused to admit he had a problem and he started owing money.
Two exhausting hours later - who would have guessed it would take so long to choose an outfit, well, okay,
Dean nodded his assent. “Yeah, okay,” he mumbled, burrowing closer into Cas’ body heat. He still felt like he didn’t need a coach - he wasn’t completely incompetent after all - but if Castiel felt like Dean wasn’t able to do this by himself, then he would get a coach.
in the search engine - disregarding the suggestion for
Another shrug. "Sometimes you end up mated to someone you didn't really want to be with. Trust me, I've seen it happen."
Castiel closed his eyes for a moment before focusing back on Dean. "You're right. You are always going to be a lot younger; yet I believe that you are able to think for yourself." He paused. "I will ask only one more time, Dean. Are you sure?"
Dean shrugged. "That's not that old. Not like he's fifty or something."
"About what's going to happen when we get mated. I mean, if we get mated," he corrected himself quickly, "he was wondering how often he would see me afterwards."
“Oh, tiramisu!” cheered a stuck up blond omega who had joined their group a few minutes ago without introducing himself. “Bring it here, garçon!”
Dean felt warmth settle in his chest and he curled his hands in between their bodies in a self-conscious gesture. "What does that mean?"
"Hello, welcome to 'Czech It Out'; what would you like to drink?"
"God," he panted.
Dean narrowed his eyes. "Yeah? What's he been saying?"
Dean scowled, writing back.
Before anyone could question him further, they pulled up in front of a nice-looking hotel and the whole party, excluding Charlie, grabbed their things and got out of the car. They entered the hotel lobby and went to stand to the side and wait for the redhead who had all their room information.
Dean stared. Twenty-four dead soldiers and it wasn't even any sort of operation. They were just keeping base.
Well, duh. Dean was pretty sure that if one person didn't feel like having sex, it wouldn't be very enjoyable. It was so logical, he didn't know why they even bothered to write that down.
“When will you be back?” Dean asked his mate, handing him his briefcase. They were standing in the foyer of their brownstone, Castiel dressed up to go to work, while Dean was still in his pyjamas as he had a day off from the garage.
Would he make up excuses about not having any time for group meetings? Would he say he couldn't be bothered because he had his own life now? Dean frowned. Probably just another good reason for not taking a mate and having a brood of children.
"You're rambling. I've never heard you ramble."
Charlie shrugged. "On the pavement for all I care; I can't leave my car where there are no security cameras."
The aromas from the cardamom cinnamon tea and the bakery goods permeated the air, making it easy for the young omega to resolve not only to drink a cup of the tea but also to eat a wedge from one the scones. While he did that, he’d plot out the rest of his morning.
Here goes nothing, he thought as he finally let go...
"Oh, I see." Castiel rubbed slow circles on Dean's sides with his thumbs. "We don't have to do anything, Dean. What we've just done is more than enough. I told you I didn't want you to feel pressured and I'm certainly not going to be angry or even disappointed with you."
"Charlie?" he asked hesitantly.
“Yes,” both Cas and Dean firmly replied, causing the wiry teenager to smile in relief.
"What?" he asked, fidgeting where he sat on the carpet.
"Uh, it means I like it."
Dean wasn't imagining his father's face falling. "Too bad. I'm sorry to hear that; I know how much you were hoping to meet someone there." His father paused to pat him on the shoulder. "Next time, you just have to present yourself better and someone will catch, don't worry."
“All done,” she announced a little bit later, looking up from her phone. “Castiel should be getting all sorts of good press within a few hours. I made him sound like a good soul helping out a relative in trouble.” She paused, tilting her head. “You know, this is so much easier when you’re telling the truth,” she noted.
Dean chuckled. "Yeah, sure. I get that. So what
After his tennis lesson, Dean caught the shuttle that the country club provided to a nearby, upscale shopping centre. He’d changed back into his usual attire - faded blue jeans, a T-shirt and tennis shoes - and he grimaced as he realized his jeans had a hole in one knee, while his tee bore a splotch of some unidentifiable substance. “Mierda!” he swore, practicing one of his newly-acquired curse words.
"I'm right there with you, sweetheart," panted Cas.
It was all Dean could do not to howl in exasperation.
,” the alpha read over his shoulder before asking with narrowed eyes, “Are you writing a ransom note?”
Your BBOF Dean
He lifted his hips to pull out his phone out of his back pocket and checked it for messages. There was nothing, just like every single day ever since the John and Castiel showdown.
He found out Gabe's parents were both alphas and that his mother died during his birth since alpha pregnancies were hard. He also mentioned he had an older brother who was in politics but before he could tell Dean anything more specific, he got distracted by chocolate tarts.
"Are you sure you want to be working at that garage?"
His father once again patted his hair and went to sit down just as Sammy came downstairs as well. "Morning," mumbled the fifteen-year-old, already dressed in his school uniform a school bag in hand.
He heard the purr of Cas’ black Lincoln town car and looked out of the bedroom window to watch his mate drive into the garage, parking next to the brown Ford Mustang. Quickly sprinting down the stairs, he stationed himself on the living room couch, making sure he would be the first thing his mate saw when he opened the door.
Benny nodded. "You can't imagine, brother. Alphas have always been in the position of power, ever since the cavemen times. They were always calling the shots. They were the ones to hunt, the ones to fight, while betas gathered fruits or worked in the fields and omegas took care of children and did the cooking. Things haven't really changed that much since then."
"I am also interested in you, you know that." The older man smiled. "Does it mean you want to try a relationship with me?"
Dean just hoped that he tasted just as good to Cas.
Castiel gave him another kiss. “You’ll be fine, love. I promise.”
“Which,” Castiel teased, nibbling his way down Dean’s neck, “the tie or your ear?”
"Met anyone?" asked John, seeming as if he didn't really care about the answer but Dean could see the curiosity in his eyes.
Dean helped his brother sit up more so that he could breath more easily and when the fit finished, he handed him a glass of water.
"Dean," breathed Cas when he saw him coming towards him.
"You okay, brother?" asked Benny when Dean finally looked up again, "you look spooked."
I have a request for you, cariads. I was wondering if you could give me some ideas about Cas and Dean's next date. I was about to sit them in a restaurant again but I realized that might be a bit unimaginative :)
"Hmm," answered Cas.
He went upstairs that evening, after preparing a light meal for his dad and brother and leaving it in the oven, to get changed, choosing something that didn't scream 'I want to date you' nor did it say 'I'm forever alone desperate'. He wrote a note to his dad, saying he was out having dinner with Novak - something that should make John happy - before leaving the house.
His mate put an arm around him. “Hello, sweetheart,” he greeted him. “Having fun?”
Dean cleared his throat and raised the mug of tea again, inhaling deeply, grateful that it masked his body odour. Before he spent any time with the twins, he’d need to shower and put on some clean clothes.
“No. I mean, all I could think about was Aaron,” Dean explained. “Someone standing near ‘Nurse Minger’” - he readily adopted Meg’s name for the horrid beta nurse - “but I didn’t see who it was. Probably a friend of hers, but I don’t remember exactly what they said, beyond something about how I shouldn’t be allowed to have children. I don’t even know if it was a man or a woman,” he finished bitterly, feeling exhausted and again wishing he hadn’t got out of bed.
Castiel raised a fond eyebrow. "Okay," he drawled slowly, "pretend I didn't understand that. Can you explain it again?"
The next morning, Dean woke up a lot earlier than someone who went to sleep as late as he had the night before should, his head heavy and his eyes glued together. He managed to pry them open and started at the sight of the unfamiliar room, the awareness of where he was seeping in slowly.
A few minutes later, the response came.
Dean yelled out his release, burying his face in the pillow, not sure at all what the rest of him was doing. His limbs were completely out of his control and his brain was switched off.
As he fell asleep in his Cas’ arms later that evening, almost as emotionally drained as his mate, Dean determined that he would speak to Meg in the morning. There had to be something that could be done to address the rumors that were circulating. Something that would give Cas a chance to speak uninterrupted by idiotic politicians the next time he had a speech.
The young mechanic was about to explain that he was worried about how his brother was dealing with John’s behavior, when Bobby interjected, “Huh. I’m surprised that Castiel is allowing Sam to stay with you.”
"What do you have planned?" asked Dean.
Charlie laughed before sobering up. “It looked for a little while like the ‘new Christianity’ was gonna be good for omegas - Luther’s group had what were considered ‘freethinkers’ - but that didn’t last long. It feels like it’s only just changing now, you know?”
“If you say so, hellspawn,” Charlie saucily piped up as she slid into the chair to Dean’s left. “That’s not what you said when you called me to ask for help, though.”
Dean snorted. “Probably not, but I’m not giving him any money otherwise. It’s either that or nothing,” he pronounced resolutely.
Dean paused. "What about him?"
He couldn't really tell his father that though since he was sure the alpha wouldn't agree with such a sentiment.
Castiel chuckled, the sound deep and oh so sexy. “Look at you,” he rasped, “spread out and wanton. You don’t look like much of a challenge now.”
Castiel leaned into him, pressing a soft kiss to his lower lip. "Yes," he rumbled equally softly.
Dean gave her an appalled look.
Dean shrugged. “He’s fine.”
Dean agreed readily, happy to do something for his mate.
The other man raised his hands in a universal gesture of surrender. “I’m just here to help you make some gingerbread cake, pipsqueak.”
"What stuff?"
“Who’d want to?” Megan asked, her lips curving into a smile.
“What hap-” Castiel inquired, but the omega didn’t let him finish. He ran off, locking himself in their bedroom, and flung himself onto the bed. He hated himself for being so weak as to cry about it, but he felt so bloody
“Oh, I say, good job,” Roche effused, winking at Dean. “You’ve had some coaching, haven’t you?”
The older mechanic winced. “Didn’t need to know that.”
It went a lot smoother afterwards, Dean feeling only sparse tingles of pain as Cas steadily slid further and further into the hot channel.
The senator gave him a gummy smile. "Very well, I will search you out, Dean. Now run along."
A little bit later, the three friends were seated on the sofa, avidly watching as the senate voted, munching on the buttery popcorn Dean had prepared.
"Really? What was it like?"
The alpha walked into the living room as the reporter finished heaping praise on him. “I don’t know how the reporters found out about John.” Castiel swept a hand toward the TV. “I’m really sorry, Dean.”
Tearing off the wrapper around the stick, he sat down on the toilet. He’d suddenly needed to pee while he was showering and might have just gone, letting the urine run down the drain, but it had finally clicked what Charlie must have meant, so he held it in. After taking the time to rummage around in the vanity, he was getting desperate.
The omega bit his lip worriedly, clutching at the hand Cas had laid on his shoulder. “When do you think that might be?”
Dean bit his lip uncertainly. "He has been writing you emails and stuff ever since he got wind of the two of us meeting up."
He unlocked his screen with a careful swipe of his finger and clicked on the new message icon.
Dean winced. "Don't, Dad," he pleaded. "Can you be nice?"
Castiel noticed him staring and tipped the bag over to Dean. "You want some?" he asked and Dean couldn't refuse.
Dean touched the glass just as a hammerhead shark calmly passed him. "Dope," he breathed out.
His father raised an eyebrow. "Is he interested in you?"
“All ready, Dad?” he inquired, his countenance bright.
Dean pressed his lips together before letting out a breath. "Yeah. I know. But Cas says that there's no money to do that."
"They're fugly," he muttered.
"Mmm," was his only answer before the searching tongue returned to his hole, sliding inside.
"Thank you," was the choked response. "I know you promised that we'd see each other all the time but..."
"Uh, do you think you could tell your brother I can't speak to him today? I'm really tired."
"Well?"
The politician made an enquiring sound.
They all turned to the two of them, Gabe immediately letting go of Benny and jumping on Dean. "Hi, Dean-o, how are you?"
As Dean opened the oven, his husband’s stomach let out a prolonged growl. The omega laughed, shooting a teasing look at his mate as he used a couple of potholders to remove the tray with the bread.
Dean stared at the computer screen in front of him for a few long minutes, unable to properly process what he’d just realized. It was so natural to think it that he didn't even notice in at first but when he did, he panicked. Wasn't it too soon? Should he tell him? What if Cas didn't feel the same? Should he wait for Cas to say it first?
Dean walked over, sitting beside his little brother and looking at the picture on the laptop screen. It was Dean's
Dean grinned. The man was honestly so weird, always speaking so politely and properly as if he had a stick up his arse from all the political coaching he had to have gone through.
So what do you lovely people think? Is this development going to be a step forward?
Another hum. "And you're an omega."
They were then disrupted by the waitress bringing their orders, and seeing the juicy burger in front of him, immediately Dean felt more comfortable. He picked it up and took a hearty bite, suppressing a moan of pleasure.
?” Charlie mimicked what Dean had said, her voice rising in distress. “Christ, that’s awful. They want to put us back in the Dark Ages. You can’t want that, Dean-cess.”
“What look?” asked the omega curiously.
“She made me feel like a complete dolt,” Dean confessed, “calling me ‘pet’ and ‘puppy’ and ‘angel’.” He then related how he’d responded to the political coach, causing her to stalk out of the house.
Dean felt himself go all mushy inside. "That's nice. That's very nice, Cas," he said quietly. "I mostly feel nervous."
“Come back after you have your outfit and I’ll help you select the right shoes,” the man offered.
Dean thought about what to say, deciding not to lie to his father in the end. "About how I didn't get the job at that first garage I applied to."
Dean shook his head in exasperation, looking at the man sitting opposite of him. "I don't understand, Cas. Why is it bad to give people free healthcare?"
We hope you enjoyed this story! We are as always grateful for any kudos or comments you decide to leave us :)
The political coach grinned. “No, honey, that was great PR. Carla is Amarillo’s mistress who got knocked up by accident and then refused to go get an abortion. They had to spin it so that the senator wouldn’t look bad - they managed it too, since Shurley looks like he doesn’t even know how to lie.”
Dean felt a wave of stubbornness wash over him. Who did this woman think she was? “I don’t know, are we?” he retorted.
Sammy looked confused. "Sexist?"
The omega laughed, standing up and brushing breadcrumbs off his clothes. “You said you had something interesting for me this afternoon?”
Dean smiled. "Thanks, Bobby, you're really-"
"You could've smiled a bit more though," she said as she was uploading the picture up on the page.
Cas returned the smile. “You’re welcome. It’s not a car but I’m chuffed you like it.”
“Wouldn’t do any good.” Meg shook her head. “The reporters would claim we sobered you up just for that, and that you were falling down drunk again by nightfall. We might have to do the unthinkable...”
Jo immediately nodded. "That's a good idea; if we want to we can also take a dip in the lake."
, not really caring how good or how bad the girl was, his mind reeling. He half-heartedly listened to the judges singing superlatives about the girl before the show went into a teaser mode.
Dean rolled his eyes. "You don't have to get snarky with me. I know I don't understand everything but I also know that the principle you're acting on is wrong."
Okay, that was weird-
The omega arched in frustration, feeling some slick leave his entrance. He wasn’t bossy in any way, as Castiel very well knew; he was just desperate for some stimulation. He was hot and sweaty, shivering with arousal, and his mate was taking his sweet time kissing down his body.
Meg immediately took a gulp of the dark brew, her eyes glinting in pleasure. For the umpteenth time, Dean questioned whether her eyes were a deep brown or black, again deciding they had to be a dark brown. No one had black eyes, did they?
Dean raised his eyebrows. "Exactly."
was probably wondering why Dean wanted green beans all of a sudden. It was true that he hadn’t liked that vegetable at one time, but tastes changed, right?
"Mmm."
He then went back to the home page, where he noticed a new article.
"Why?"
The older man smiled self-deprecatingly as he shrugged his shoulders. "I called my brother for date ideas and he suggested you might like to visit a zoo or an aquarium. Otherwise we would've ended up in a restaurant again; I'm afraid I'm quite unimaginative."
Just as his phone chirped with an alarm he had set on five minutes to three, Dean saw a bright orange car with a Star Trek badge painted on the bonnet. That must be Charlie, he thought and shot off a quick text to his dad.
"But what is that? Will mating with Cas make me happy?" questioned Dean.
Dean entered, grinning at his little brother, who was sprawled across his bed, reading some nerdy book.
"You too," said Dean before getting out of the car. He closed the door of the Mustang behind himself, giving Castiel a hesitant wave before finally watching him drive away. He then went up to his father who scented the air around him not too subtly.
“Yes, I am,” Dean acknowledged, holding out his hand. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Senator Roche.”
Castiel leaned a bit forward. "I'm afraid so. It's entirely up to each of the senators whether to be present for the voting and unless there's less than half of the senators present, the voting is valid. The problem isn't so much that we don't have enough senators; it's that those from Conservatives who are undecided or against the referendum will leave the room out of collegiality."
Dean scowled.
“No one said that,” Cas assured him.
The alpha then crawled back on the bed, moving up Dean’s wanton body. The omega lifted his head and met Castiel halfway, their lips melding together and tongues twining. Putting one hand on the back of his lover’s head, Dean dragged him closer. Their bodies slid slowly against one another as they kissed, and Dean felt his arousal spike higher. He moaned and tugged at Castiel’s shaggy hair. “Please,” he murmured.
Dean felt a laugh bubble up as his mate exited the kitchen. Cas
"I wouldn't be asking otherwise."
She got a vehement nod of agreement from John, who was apparently keeping one ear on the adult conversation while helping Gabe keep the twins distracted.
Charlie immediately enveloped him in a tight hug. "Missed you too, hon," she told him, and trying to see inside the house over his shoulder, she asked, "Anyone else here yet?"
Gabe raised his eyebrows. "Well that was cute," he said sarcastically before he turned to his brother. "Dean here is all new and shiny to this whole omega rights thing, so he might not have actually heard about you, Cassie, but he's really enthusiastic."
stood out in bold print.
Dean was confused. "What do you mean?"
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded and went about making them a couple of cuppas. He put the steaming tea on a tray and was just about to serve it, when he noticed the opened bottle of rum on the counter. He took it to the living room along with the tray.
Dean burst out laughing, the mood immediately elevated. "Oh, Cas." He grinned. "You can be funny when you want to."
“I am,” the other alpha affirmed. Dean was still a little taken aback, but he was actually beginning to believe that his dad was truly ready to accept the help he needed, to actively participate in a rehab program.
"What?" came her cranky voice from the lump of blankets.
Meg gave him a patronising smile. “Oh, even better - now you sound like a five-year-old. Are we also going to have an old-fashioned exchange of ‘Do not! Do too!’?”
The older man sighed. “Does he owe money?” he asked him, a serious look on his face.
Dean nodded.
“Oh, that.” Dean sagged down in his chair.
He was just skimming through one of the articles, frowning at the things it said about him, when Sam piped up angrily, “You’re not a golddigger!”
Unable to hold out any longer, Dean let go. It felt like he was flying apart, his atoms scattering to the heavens, only Cas’ intent gaze keeping him grounded.
Dean snagged a smoked salmon canapé with caviar off one of the hors d'oeuvre platters, smiling at a redheaded beta woman whose name he’d embarrassingly already forgotten, and stuffed his mouth with the treat. She was being very nice to him but the omega was tired, and he found himself constantly eating to keep his mouth occupied so he didn’t have to speak.
Bobby sighed. "Well that's bullcrap, Dean. You don't have to mate with anyone, and certainly not on a schedule."
They took turns washing up in the bathroom, brushing their teeth together before going to bed. Well, Dean lay down on his bed, while Gabriel sat at the headboard of his, the bag of sweets in hand despite having just bushed his teeth.
"Not looking for a mate."
Dean watched him for a while before surprising himself by asking, "You said you wanted children, right?"
“Thanks,” the lad mumbled, stepping back and looking at Dean through watery eyes, before impudently inquiring, “So, what’s for dinner?”
Once they were all in the kitchen, seated on the bar stools that Castiel had in front of the counter, the mood felt a lot lighter. Sam babbled excitedly, chuffed to try out new foods, and John stopped throwing glares at Castiel's expensive equipment. They chatted freely about Dean's job, Castiel's interest in reading, Sam's schoolwork and John's latest billiard score. Three hours went by without any one of them really noticing and it was already time to say goodbye.
Dean rolled his eyes but decided not to insult his brother by correcting him. "Right. Well, we're... uh... together now."
"What happened then?" asked Dean, breath bated.
“So,” the blond said after swallowing an impressive amount of the Italian sweet. “You said you were a mechanic, Dean?”
Dean blushed. "I might not even find anyone, Dad. It's not exactly a mating party or anything."
Detente established, Dean worked for the next couple of hours to familiarize himself with both Cas’ opponents and his allies, as well as discussing his mate’s stances on a variety of issues.
Castiel still looked a bit worried but nodded. "Very well, I'm sure you're capable of taking care of yourself," he said and leaned over to kiss Dean on his lips. "When will I see you again?"
Dean felt ecstatic. This man who spent the whole time Dean had been working on the cars painfully silent and expressionless had just offered him a job. "As soon as you want me, sir - I mean, Bobby."
Dean ran his hands through his lover’s messy hair. “Yeah?”
Dean quickly changed into his blue jumpsuit, attaching his name tag and leaving the locker room. He heard them before he saw them.
He looked around the house, noticing his father's dirty shirt thrown over the back of the couch and his brother's magazines scattered on the floor. It was time to tidy up.
Figuring that was as warm an endorsement of his father as he could expect from Bobby - John ranked well below Castiel in the cantankerous beta’s estimation - Dean had immediately begun searching for a VW bug from the 1960s or early 1970s.
The omega almost dumped the entire container of capsules into the dishwasher.
John grinned at him and winked conspiratorially. "Of course, son. Now get cracking; we need our sustenance."
Dean shrugged again, nervous as hell. "I guess I'm not used to it. The last beta I talked to threw me out of a job interview."
After Sam got his breath back and downed the whole glass, he turned back to Dean. "I was saying that-"
Sam frowned. "What if they don't want to vote the same thing?"
rationally? No. But I am going to send a copy of the report to the paper and insist that they print a statement about Dean being cleared of any wrongdoing.”
Benny let out an offended "Hey!" but Gabe ignored him, informing the car at large, "I hope there are some reasonable alphas or betas at the party, because this is just sad."
"Hey bitches!" greeted Charlie everyone at once.
Dean shook his head vehemently. "Of course not. It's just that I haven't been anywhere in a long time; he's worried." He didn't mention this was going to be his first overnight rodeo.
“Couldn’t be better,” the younger man assured his brother-in-law, weakly excusing himself, “Just stepped down wrong and turned my ankle. I’ll be right back, okay?”
been teasing him - about John, of all people. How well his dad and his mate got along still astounded him. Castiel respected the older alpha’s determination to get clean and John had really turned his life around since checking into rehab. No question - the twins had helped him stay on the wagon since then. John loved being a grandfather. He was a natural carer, something Dean could vaguely remember from before his mother died and things went south.
Jo nodded, her mouth twisting. "Yeah."
“Relax, Dean,” his mate requested, “I’ll be at your side almost the whole time.”
He had four new mails, two of them spam, one a newsletter form some site he had signed up to in the past and one from Gabriel.
Dean gave him a hesitant smile. "Thank you."
As he came closer to his brother's room, he heard the distinct sound of someone coughing over a hip hop song rasping from mobile phone speakers. Dean tilted his head in concentration, listening to the words.
“You too,” Dean offered, eyeing her new haircut. “You’re looking good, Charlie.”
Gabe didn’t look concerned, though; he just pointed at the coffee table, where a black plastic bag sat. “I brought everything we need, Dean-o,” he told him. “All the spices, flour and even the rum.”
To be truthful, Dean was a little surprised at how the evening was turning out to be, because even though he knew porn was exaggerated, he didn't expect it to be that much different. Suddenly the pressure got a little overwhelming before easing back down. Dean figured the wide head of Castiel's hardness was completely inside.
The omega pouted. “But how did they even find out?” he whined.
Shining
John pursed his lips. "And you say you met them on the Internet? Do you know if any of the alphas would be able to provide for you and your kids?"
Castiel stared somewhere to his left for a while, as if searching for the right words. "I feel- I feel comfortable. Like I don't really have to watch what I'm saying around you all the time, like I can tell you anything and you won't judge me. I feel warm when you smile at me, which is... that’s never happened to me before. I feel... I don't know," Cas finished with a self-deprecating smile.
Dean grinned, pressing his new gadget to his heart. “Thank you.”
"How do you know you'll be a good father?"
Dean chuckled. "
Castiel did as he was told and Dean decided not to waste any more time and started divesting himself of his trousers. The sooner they were both naked, the better.
It might not be who he was to Dean but it did represent who he wanted him to be. Just Cas. That would never happen if Dean continued on being an idiot though.
A good hour later, after he’d scrubbed himself over and over in an effort to cleanse himself thoroughly, Dean was scrambling around in the bottom drawer of the vanity, frustrated when he couldn’t find what he was looking for. He hardly ever used the dressing table, so it had seemed like the perfect place to stash the extra-
Dean shrugged. "I think he's sleeping right now. I have him some medicine to bring his fever down and I managed to force half a bowl of chicken soup down his throat."
As Charlie and Gabe hotly questioned Megan about whether anything could be done to censure the unknown person, Dean’s eyes drifted over to the newspaper. His eyes landed on a byline lower down on the front page, beneath the greasy smear left by the scone.
The omega sighed. “I don’t know what to do. Things are getting on top.”
And Dean didn't swoon. He didn't.
Dean nodded. "When do you vote?"
Dean huffed. "What do you think? I told him where he could stuff it."
“Yeah, let’s go,” John acknowledged.
The omega grumbled, "I behaved like a total kid. Maybe you were right to worry about my age."
Castiel looked startled for a second. "Oh," he said weakly.
Castiel chided, “None of that,” his gaze following Dean’s to the spot under the sink. The cupboard was now locked up tight - with an industrial-strength steel lock. It would be easier for Aaron to take the doors off the hinges than to get through that lock. “We’d childproofed the entire house to a high standard.”
Meg muttered, “You were ruining my rep, pet,” as she pulled out a chair and sank down gracefully.
They walked slowly towards where Castiel's brown Mustang was parked, their arms brushing together every few paces or so.
John took a breath, about to reply, when Castiel stood up quickly. "I resent your insinuations, Mr Winchester; I am not a person who is susceptible to blackmail," he said, turning on his heel and heading towards the door. On his way out, he threw Dean a sad look and Dean suddenly had trouble swallowing.
The politician shrugged. "I suppose. Does that mean that you would be willing to see me again if mating wasn't the outcome?"
. Gabe had trailed off after them, although Dean doubted he was watching the telly; it was more likely he’d fallen asleep on the extra sofa, earbuds in while he listened to some podcast.
One more thing to do, the young man thought, before his friends arrived. Picking up his phone, he called John for his daily check-in.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Thanks, bitch.”
Rufus raised his eyebrows. "That's a good example. An omega reduced to a sex object."
"Stop! Just, stop," said Dean forcefully, finally running out of patience, "You don't have to practice your political agenda on me, Cas."
"Uh, I'm fine, thank you."
“Sam, sit back down,” Cas demanded. “There’s no question about that. You’ll live with us, of course.”
Dean frowned, trying to smell his own shirt, not detecting a hint of the alpha. "How can you even tell, Dad?" he asked instead of answering.
First things first. He determined that he should know as much about his mate’s political opinions and stances as possible, so number one on the list became ‘read up on Cas’ policies and form my own opinions on them’. While he was at it, he should probably also familiarise himself with the opposing opinions - that would be interesting because from what he had gathered so far, the opposition was rather old-fashioned when it came to omegas but very free-willed when it came to giving out money.
Charlie's flashy car appeared just as Dean was about to sit down on the pavement to wait, arriving a whole ten minutes early.
"Good. Now finish your sandwich and get back to work; I received a call from a guy who wanted to sell me his piece of junk. He says it's a classic car but I don't really think he knows what he's talking about so I could use a second opinion to back me up. He's bringing it over in an hour."
"You sure you want to do that?" came a gruff voice from above him and Dean came back to himself. He was lying underneath a BMW about to change its oil and instead of the metal dish he was supposed to use for the hot dirty oil, he had a plastic bowl used for spare bolts and nuts underneath. There were two bolts in it.
"I really like your taste in furniture, sir," Sam complimented Castiel as he ran a hand over the coffee table. "It's practical."
His father seemed a bit less unapproachable at hearing that. "What sort of people would it be?"
His dad made his way into the living room and sat down. “The one that makes you look like your mother,” he explained with a grim look. “I always knew I was going to hear something unpleasant when she had that look, so out with it.”
Dean stood as well, finding himself several inches taller than the auto shop manager. "I don't want kids, sir. The job would be my priority."
Castiel nodded. "I find them fascinating. They are considered to be one of the most ferocious animals, mostly thanks to Theodore Roosevelt, who encountered them on his travels in South America. The locals had apparently prepared a bit of a show for him, capturing a great number of piranhas in nets and starving them before throwing a cow carcass into the waters.
"Are you all right?"
Sammy shrugged carelessly. "Nothing."
His mate gave him a peck on the cheek, squeezing his side lightly. “Maybe another time, okay? Today is going to be hectic and I don’t want to make any promises I can’t keep.”
"Technically, how do you know you're not a fictional character?"
I am very sorry for the delay, I had some family commitments I had to fulfil :)
Bobby frowned. "I don't really think that's a good base for a relationship, Dean. Do you feel like this Cas guy is lying to you?"
Castiel sighed. "No, not really. I just remembered I have a meeting with representatives from the cigarette lobby and people from an anti-smoking movement tomorrow. I'm really not looking forward to that."
Dean grinned. "Can we watch the TV then?" he asked, pointing towards a decade old box hanging in the corner that Bobby called a TV.
The answer was immediate:
"But isn't that just an example of the motto 'sex sells'?"
"Charlene." Dean grinned. "I missed you."
"About?"
His father had explained that it was just a part of growing up, that when people finished school, they grew apart, and Dean understood that, but sitting in this car now made him miss it all over again.
Dean looked around for a store directory but couldn’t find one and began to panic. Fortunately, one of the clerks in the shoe department came up to him, politely inquiring, “Can I help you, sir?”
He read about how it was quite recently that omega rape even became a thing, the act not being criminal previously. That was probably why omegas couldn't leave the house after dark, though Dean found no mention of it.
Cas chuckled, “Another quaint expression I haven’t heard in ages.”
"Patience," came the murmured response.
The politician hmmed.
Dean nodded vehemently. “I did!” he assured the older man, then continued more sedately, “but then Castiel told me that I might regret it if I don’t help him out now. That when he’s gone I might feel guilty.”
His thoughts were interrupted by a cheerful Gabe. "Dean-o, hey, man! Come and meet my awesome brother. Come on!"
“You’re getting that nonsense from your drunkard of a husband!” someone else accused. “Seriously, just go home and clean up the vomit!”
"Okay," he said finally, "we can talk for a while."
Dean grinned, tousling Sam's hair. "Educate yourself, munchkin, and then we'll talk, okay?"
Bobby leaned forward. “Look, boy, John is a lazy body. I can’t help but wonder how he still manages to hold onto his job. You said yourself that he drinks and gambles away most of his salary every month. What do you think is going to happen if you give him money? He’s just going to waste all of it.”
"I screwed it up," mumbled Dean as he lay curled up against Cas in their bed.
Shortly after his mate left, Sam descended the stairs, ready for school. Dean handed him a packed lunch of completely unhealthy but oh-so-tasty deep-fried macaroni and cheese. This nontraditional meal was a bit of a comfort food for the two brothers ever since Dean had learnt how to use the deep fryer.
When she saw the look on Dean’s face, she hurriedly added, “Megan Masters does
Taking advantage of the momentary lull in activity, Dean fished around in the pocket of his jeans, pulling out a Mattel Hot Wheels VW cabriolet, that was a near replica of the car he wanted to refurbish for Sammy. He plunked it down on the table, which caused his dad to arch an inquisitive eyebrow at him.
Dean breathed a sigh of relief, not because of what Cas said but because of what he didn't say. He didn't say Dean just ruined a perfectly romantic moment and-
"My brother recommended I try this new restaurant that opened downtown. It's run by a married couple that immigrated from Prague, and it claims to serve meals from Central Europe," explained Castiel as they got in Audrey and buckled up.
The older man growled deep in his throat. “I want to fuck you with these still on,” he whispered breathily in Dean’s ear, causing the omega to shudder. It was a real turn-on hearing Castiel speak like that.
“Then he and his buddies got this stupid idea to storm some drug dealers with guns and nick their stash. On one of their raids, Victor had been the door opener, which meant the drug dealer had seen his face. Later on, he found Vic, kidnapped him and offered him a hit if he grassed up his mates. He didn’t even hesitate, he was so hot for it, and they let him go. Then when his mates found out they now had a group of pissed off drug dealers on their backs, because Victor had snitched on them, they drove him out to some abandoned lot and emptied two clips in him. Six hits,” he concluded in a raw voice.
Cas looked down, an embarrassed tinge to his cheeks. "I apologize, I didn't mean to sound so forceful; I get passionate about my job sometimes. I will try and keep myself in check. Thank you for telling me it bothers you."
Dean’s lips curved into a broad smile.
Charlie smiled sadly at him, caressing the back of his hand lightly with her fingers. "I'm sure that if you talk to him, Castiel will understand."
"Sammy?" asked Dean, his voice showing his worry for his younger sibling.
We welcome any kind of feedback (but the good one is obviously better, duh) and will love you no matter what you have to say to us :)
Castiel seemed unsure what to answer, so Gabriel just grabbed the proper bag and threw it at his brother. "There you go."
Once up front, he waited by the Ford to give the car keys to Mr Barton, checking his watch. It was barely one o'clock and he still had until three till he was finished for the day. He figured he might call Cas to spend some time with him, talk about his dad and stuff.
Another beta with black curly hair joined their conversation at that point. “Speak for yourself,” she told the redhead. “
"What?" he asked.
The redhead grinned. "So are you, cutie pie."
? Cas looked back at him impassively, so Dean figured he was probably just calculating the effects of that much sugar on the twins. It was true that if Aaron and Noah shared more than one of the treats, they’d be hyped up and bouncing off the walls until they finally crashed.
"It's really nice," said Dean when twenty minutes later they entered the restaurant. It had a somewhat rustic feel to it with stone walls and the furniture made out of solid wood. The tables were set with dark red tablecloths and the silverware was... well, silver.
"Dean!" came a yell from downstairs, startling Dean out of his musings. He shot a quick message to Cas, telling him he had to go, before making his way to the living room.
Dean smiled widely. Yeah, the guy was awesome, he thought to himself as Castiel watched him. Well, stared at him really. He actually stared at him for so long, it made Dean uncomfortable.
Castiel nodded, his stubble rubbing against Dean's cheek. "Your dad is a former soldier; of course you feel it, Dean."
That evening, when Dean was sitting on their couch, cuddled up to Cas, he felt really good about the whole visit. "Thank you for making me invite them, Cas," he whispered.
"I know you won't" he told him, secure in his knowledge of Castiel's character despite having known him for only a few hours. "I can't promise the same thing though; I might constantly bug you about the unfairness of this world," he finished jokingly.
like.
"Are you comfortable?" asked Castiel when he noticed Dean watching him. The omega shuddered when he heard the gravelly voice, having never heard it like that before.
it continued.
Well, that was a lot of information. So he had to repeatedly apply pressure to Cas' knot? He could see how to do that with his hand but with his channel? How the hell was he supposed to do that? Could he like... squeeze him inside?
"Cas!" laughed Dean.
After everyone woke up and oohed and aahed over the
“Do you think I have everything we need?” he asked hesitantly. He wasn’t sure, but he imagined a gingerbread cake had some very special ingredients in it.
“Mhmm,” the younger man mumbled in pleasure, “how’d you do that?”
He then left the cubicle, walking over to the ballot box and dropping the envelope in. He let out a pleased sigh, feeling very adult at the moment. He walked over to where Sam was waiting for him, a curious expression on his face.
that omegas went through during their school years, adults teaching them that they had to find a mate. And so that now whenever he was even remotely attracted to someone, his brain immediately went to mating.
This chapter is a mess. I'm so sorry. I don't have an excuse ... :)
Dean felt as if somebody had punched him in the gut. "Mating with Cas is not me taking care of my family, Dad," he growled forcefully. "That's me being in love. If you think you're going to be getting handouts, you're wrong."
Dean blushed, committing the text to memory. It was a really great sentiment, however untrue it must be. Surely Cas had met a lot of wonderful people in his life; he was much older than Dean, after all.
Charlie squeezed his hand, not saying anything. Dean closed his eyes. He felt at the end of his tether. Nothing was working in his favour, it was like everyone and everything had just turned against him. He wanted to take back his whole conversation with Cas. He wanted to forget his father ever talked to the senator. He just wanted to go back to the time he was blissfully unaware of everything.
The older man looked at him as if he’d grown a second head. "Not really; you think it needs one? I mean, do you think
We welcome any kind of feedback (but the good one is obviously better, duh) and will love you no matter what you have to say to us :)
As he brought over plates, cups, saucers, silverware, and creamer and set everything on the table, Gabe posited, “An alpha who can’t get laid.”
