The detective suddenly wrenches himself away and is noisily sick. John can do nothing but wince and rub Sherlock’s back, waiting for the storm to subside. When it seems that Sherlock has nothing left to expel from his stomach - not that he had much in there to begin with, John thinks unhappily - he gently pulls Sherlock away from the mess and settles his head back on his own thighs.
Sherlock’s tone became clipped. “You’re taking your A levels in chemistry, biology, and physics. You’re friends with Molly Hooper and Mike Stanford - you eat lunch with them every day and study together after classes. You’re applying to medical school - obvious. London has five medical schools, and you plan to stay in the city, of course. From what I’ve been able to glean from your personality, those three seem most likely to capture your interest.”
Sherlock finished his staring contest with his notebook and turned to John. Pale eyes pierced him.  "Don't be obtuse. You know what I mean."
But sometimes, John wondered if he was missing something. It nagged at him at the strangest times, in the midst of a chase or before he and Sherlock broke from their hiding spot to confront the nefarious potions master or murderous necromancer or whomever. John would sneak looks at Sherlock, who was his colleague, his flatmate, his friend… And he would wonder: was it selfish of him to wish they could be something more?
Sherlock does not respond in words, but he throws his legs apart in blatant invitation and John doesn’t need to be told twice. He pulls away from Sherlock, who whimpers when John’s fingers leave his body, and kneels. He tears open a condom packet with his teeth and allows himself two loose strokes of his own cock before rolling it on. He finds the lube and pores more over the latex, slicking himself thoroughly. Sherlock is watching him through dark eyelashes, his knees falling wider apart. John snags a pillow and pushes it under Sherlock’s hips, and Sherlock braces his hands against the headboard without being asked.
For now, he’s content to wrap a silky curl around his finger and feel its soft texture against the calluses on his hands. Sherlock’s breathing grows shallow, and John realizes he’s discovered another secret weapon: petting his hair calms Sherlock down, and sex, it would seem, makes him sleep. He wonders what he can discover that will lead to Sherlock eating three square meals per day.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said slowly, buttoning his jeans. He was studying John with his piercing gaze, eyes flitting across John’s face. John wondered what he could see.
John pulled his mouth away, sucking in oxygen. “Wait a minute-” he started to say, but his words were lost as the boy nipped at his lower lip. John’s mind was fuzzy with beer and lust and pulsing music, all of which had the effect of creating an otherworldly cloud around this moment. In this dreamlike state, John could only kiss back and moan. Then he felt a tug on his zipper.
John’s hand inched under his boxers, and he made himself a promise - just tonight. He’d just think of Sherlock one more time, and then he’d put off all thoughts of sex or romance or whatever out of his mind for good.
Sherlock’s eyes, those strange pale eyes, were intent on his face. His eyebrows were drawn down, his full lower lip caught in his teeth. His gaze moved constantly over John’s form, as though he could tease out the solution by looking closely enough.
John didn’t know what to say to that. Aware of Molly’s eyes on him, John decided to change the subject. “So Greg Lestrade is the rugby captain, right? What’s he like?”
During a water break, Greg caught up with John.  “You played at your old school, huh?” he asked. His dark brown hair was sticking up in sweaty clumps.
From his position, John could only see one pale grey eye, and it was searching his face intently. John didn’t know what to say, so he gently tapped the drink that Sherlock held in his hands.  Slowly Sherlock raised the bottle and took a careful slip.  He silently offered it to John, who took a sip as well.
And Sherlock truly believed he might have wrenched his skin from his body, torn it off like macabre wrapping paper, if it weren’t for John.
Sherlock's face was hatefully smooth as his eyes flitted across John's face.  "You thought it was special?" he asked as John fought against the tight sensation in his chest. He felt like he couldn't breathe.
John’s world skidded to a stop, and he felt like the air had been sucked from the room. He opened his mouth to argue with his sister and then realized there was no argument.
It’s now Sherlock who pulls back, and his gaze focuses on John. A dark eyebrow raises and his voice, very much in contrast to his sex-mused appearance, is clipped. “John, while I find your caution towards my virtue quite chivalrous, I can assure you it is entirely unnecessary.” He cants his hips forward, and his erection presses against John’s hip, hot and heavy. “While I daresay I am less experienced than you in the matters of sexual conquest, rumors of my virginity are greatly exaggerated.”
Swiveling, John rocked his pelvis against the other boy’s, pushing both thumbs firmly into the other’s jeans and feeling the bony notches of his hip.
“Oi!” Harry protested loudly, but she was gentle when she let her shoulder knock against Clara’s. Clara winked at John.
“Just because you have magic,” John said carefully, “doesn’t mean everything has to be done with it.”
Without even thinking about it, John reached out and gently rested a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock became unnaturally still, like a startled horse, and then slowly his head came up. He looked at John, and John looked right back at him.
Well, he thought. Sherlock had directed every moment of their time together thus far. It had been fun - John could admit that. But now he was done feeling like a passenger.
Then there was a pop and the potion began to boil again, but with greater intensity. Yellow smoke billowed upwards.  Sherlock froze for a heartbeat and then frowned, looking more insulted than worried. “This should be working,” he said, his voice sulky.
,” he said disdainfully, “all together at dinner, gossiping and laughing. What a lovely time we’d all have. How
With that, Sherlock stormed out of the courtyard. John was left staring after the tight lines of his shoulders, the movement of his curls, and the sway of his hips. In an awful moment of clarity, John recognized that he was feeling lovesick.
Moriarity and Sherlock were facing each other, and had he not been exhausted, John would have laughed at the expression of utter bewilderment on the former’s face. Moriarty’s mouth worked, but no words emerged.
John licked his lower lip, wondering the same thing and questioning his own sanity for what he was about to ask.  “It’ll be fun. Mike, Greg, Molly and I were going to get burgers afterwards. You could come with us.”
His eyes fly open. “Touch yourself,” he tells Sherlock, suddenly desperate. He can feel his orgasm cresting, but he doesn’t want to let go until Sherlock’s had his pleasure, until John’s wrung it out of him.
Huffing with laughter, John strokes Sherlock’s cheek. The taller man’s eyes flutter close, and he leans into the touch. “Of course you did, you mad git,” John says and he gives Sherlock a quick peck on his lips to make sure Sherlock knows he’s not laughing at him.
Sherlock grumbled under his breath, and John couldn’t hear all that he said, but the gist seemed to be that Harry Potter was a ridiculous show-off.
John lets himself have time to wallow, and then he gets up to make himself a cup of tea. Because if he doesn’t make himself get up again, then how can he face the next missing child and the one after that?
John dropped onto the ground next to him. “What in the world was that about?” John peeked at Sherlock’s phone and saw that he had the web browser opened to the NSY twitter account.
Sherlock studied his face and then slowly - so slowly it was almost painful - reached out, and he took John’s offered hand.
The next morning, Sherlock woke suddenly, as he always did. One moment there was nothingness, and then he was staring at his ceiling, aware of a deep ache in his arse and the scratch of what he suspected was burn from stubble on his cheek.
John was a smart boy, all of his professors agreed, and he performed spells exactly as he had been taught. The problem, however, was that magic didn’t always listen to John Watson
A potential problem came to his mind, unbidden. He looked up at Sherlock and asked hesitantly. “Um.  Do you have…?”
John feels overwhelmed by this intimacy. For as often as Sherlock invades John’s personal space - demanding that the doctor pluck his mobile phone from his own trouser pockets, or molding John’s body when he needs to visualize the placement of a corpse - he cannot think of a time when he’s touched Sherlock so freely. Sherlock’s unusual capitulation mystifies him. When has Sherlock ever actually listened to John before?
But John’s delight was quickly burned away by the look on Sherlock’s face. John’s smile died and he stumbled over his own feet.
They bickered about it, over and over, and one night John simply couldn’t take it anymore, so he stormed out, down the steps of 221B, across Baker Street, and around the corner, his breath tight and angry in his chest.
Sherlock growls and heaves himself to his side, facing away from John. The motion clearly makes him nauseous, and he spends the next several seconds panting. He gags once before he stills and lies his head down with stubborn gentleness. The tense lines of his back radiate abject misery.
His paralysis shattered, and John blinked back into the present. He turned to Harry and Clara, both of whom were watching him with identical all-knowing expressions.
Sherlock threw himself into a seated position and immediately regretted it. His equilibrium remained impaired, and so he was able to appreciate the unique experience of feeling like the room - the dark room that he couldn’t see - was spinning around him.  He vomited again, barely missing his pants.
The dancer’s face was otherworldly. His wide set eyes were closed, long eyelashes brushing skin above the edges of ridiculously sharp cheekbones. His full lips looked just a little too pink to be natural. He had a long and regal nose and … glitter, John thought incredulously, glitter dusted the apple of his cheeks and jawline. He looked to be about John’s age, or maybe a few years older - maybe he was a uni student like Harry, John thought.
Sherlock must have felt it too because he sighed heavily and pulled away. His hands dropped from John’s shirt, and John stepped back to give him some space.
And to his great shock, Sherlock does. First his shoulders relax, and then his legs slide out and away, and finally the frown marks on his forehead disappear. Puzzled by this sudden acquiescence, John lets his fingers continue to move across Sherlock’s scalp - gently rubbing, occasionally scratching with his nails, and pressing his thumbs into Sherlock’s occiput.  The calluses on John’s fingers tug gently at the curls. He is careful to stay away from the nasty hematoma.
He became aware of someone breathing beside him, and he turned to look. Sherlock was awake, his wild dark curls stark against the white of his pillowcase, his eyes pale and intent on John’s face. For several long moments, the two men lay silently, simply looking at each other. Then John felt his lips begin to curl, and he watched Sherlock’s face transform from smooth marble that seemed untouchable to something very human and very kissable.
“It’s all right. I mean, I’m from Chelmsford, so I’ve been here plenty of times. I’ve just never lived
“Nice to meet you, John,” Sherlock said, and he dropped to his knees. He lifted the waist of John’s pants, carefully freed the head of John’s erection, and then tore open the condom packet. Then in a move that John thought existed only in porn, he popped the condom between his lips and rolled it onto John’s cock with his mouth.
The following morning found John loitering outside the administration office at his new school.  He straightened his tie and leaned against the wall so that he could rub the toebox of his left shoe against his right calf, hoping to remove an ugly scuff mark. As he gave his tie one final tug, he felt it pull gently against a love bite on the side of his neck. Mild discomfort flared to life, igniting a sensation that shot through his chest and straight to his groin.
That’s that, then, John thinks, and he slips an arm around Sherlock’s low back, using momentum to throw the taller man onto the bed. Sherlock lets out a sound suspiciously like a squawk and then gasps as John crawls on top of him. John perches on Sherlock’s thighs and takes a moment just to stare at the man below. While he hopes there will be many more times like this in the future, this will be their only first time. He wants to savor it.
Pushing a bit more force into his protective shield, hoping it would be enough, John reached out to snag Sherlock’s sleeve. He was planning to pull Sherlock away and hope that the explosion, which seemed inevitable, would be muffled enough by his own spell that the two of them could escape relatively unharmed.
“If you haven’t already, you need to call an ambulance,” John says. His relief at the rescue is overshadowed by his ongoing concern over Sherlock’s state. “Sherlock was hit on the head. He’s not able to stand and he needs to go to the A&E for a head CT, at the very least.”
His right occiput ached, and he suspected that if he reached beneath his dark curls, he’d feel a sizable goose egg from the fall. His right hip also throbbed, dull but persistent.  Good. His transport had hit the ground first, and then his skull - the brain in its boney cavern would be safe. It was unlikely he had done this precious cargo any damage.
“John, what’s the name of the jewelry store?” he asked again, his voice not quite low enough to escape Bradstreet’s notice.
“Yes,” he said, coughing when he noticed how dry his throat was. “Well, your spell worked. Good job, that.” He frowned, looking for the remnants of his own protective spell. It was completely gone, blinked out of existence.
“Let them do their job,” John says wearily, standing up and shaking out a foot that fell asleep. He feels oddly bereft now that Sherlock’s been taken from his arms.
“I just… I thought it meant something.” John felt like an idiot hearing the words out loud. He was humiliated to find that his eyes were actually getting wet, and he put every bit of his energy into not letting himself cry. He couldn’t. Not in front of
John turned his study to the crowd. The air was humid with the press of so many bodies. Everywhere he looked, there were people - some dancing in couples, others in larger groups. The night was early ,and the DJ’s energy was infectious. The dancers twirled and bobbed and shimmied with manic energy. John let his eyes drift. There were plenty of attractive young people, men and women alike, but no one that made him want to look twice.
Sherlock turned sharply, his eyes flying over John’s person. His lips tightened, and John could see he was taking offense.
By the time John was done cleaning them, Sherlock was beginning to blink, and John could see sharp awareness returning to his eyes.
Sherlock had been sensuous movement and bold grace. This Sherlock sat holding his shoulders tightly to his body, as though he wanted to make himself smaller. He didn’t look like the magical creature who danced as though music was in his veins, who had spun in John’s arms and then fell apart under his hand.
Accipiter gentilis. A juvenile, by its deep brown coloring. Female. Seventy - no, closer to seventy-five centimeters in wingspan.
Greg grinned. “Brilliant. Their loss is our gain.” He clapped John on the shoulder. “I’ve seen you around school. You’ve been hanging out with Mike Stamford and, uh, Molly Hooper, yeah?”
As he approached Sherlock, John was reminded of the night in the club when he had approached the unknown dancer. Surely this couldn’t be worse than that? And, John reminded himself, that had led to something wonderful.
And then John’s hand moved the final few centimeters, at first just resting against Sherlock’s evening stubble, but then turning into something that was clearly a caress.
“John,” he said. “Did you see what we did?” His voice trembled with excitement. “You fed me your magic. Do you know how rare that is? There have probably been no more than five wizards in the history of the world that could do something like that. You are a
At first, Sherlock assumed it was because he was so clever. He was by far the cleverest in their chemistry class, and certainly more clever than Victor. It wasn’t that Victor was a doldrum, of course, just that he wasn’t the type of clever that Sherlock was.
It’s one of Mycroft’s, so Sherlock tries to affect disdainful ennui, but the case is just too interesting. There’s corporate espionage. John gets to use a pen that contains an honest-to-God secret camera. There’s even a car chase, even if it only lasts four blocks.
The only warning was a sharp crack below his feet. And then he was in freefall, branches reaching out to slap his face, something heavy colliding with his hip and twisting his body, somersaulting him around like a shuttlecock. The ground flew up to meet his face and everything went away.
John glanced at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. The other boy was still turned about in his seat, his entire attention on John. John’s stomach turned over with the sound of his name in Sherlock’s mouth.
Sherlock's face flickered through several expressions, and John watched, fascinated, wondering what was going on in his mind. He was overly aware of how close Sherlock was - he could feel the heat coming off his body.
Next Sherlock became aware of unremitting nausea, and his throat clicked three, four times before he was able to swallow against the deep need to vomit. Only then did he open his eyes.
“Sherlock,” John whispers against Sherlock’s wet lips. “I want you so much. I’ve wanted this for a long time. But we don’t have to do anything else tonight. I need to know what you want.”
Sherlock’s head shoots up and he stares at John with wide eyes. He blinks a half dozen times and then collapses back again. Chuckling, John leans down to lick a nipple and he pulls his thumb back before pushing in again.
Sherlock drank more of his soft drink, careful to sip from the side of his mouth without the injury. His eyes didn’t leave John’s.
John reached down, gentle of the marred skin on Sherlock’s wrists, and pulled the taller man to his feet. His hands came up as though to rest on Sherlock’s shoulders, but then he seemed to change his mind, and instead he gently patted the Belstaff, wiping off dirt and grime collected during the night’s misadventures.
John bounced forward, and Anderson wisely stepped back, keeping out of the reach of John’s fists. His face twisted into an ugly moue. “This isn’t any of your business.”
And afterwards, after the headache and nausea of his concussion had gone away, and after his wrist had healed and the scars from the surgery had faded to thin white lines visible only if one knew exactly where to look, Sherlock would be able to admit that he knew why his brother did what he did. He knew Mycroft had left him to find help. He understood why Mycroft had made this decision, and he even understood, logically, that it was the right one.
Of course, John thought sulkily, Sherlock wouldn’t let them wait inside the pub where John could enjoy the warmth and maybe an ale. Instead they were outside, hidden from unfriendly eyes but not from the elements. John was soaking wet - he had used a spell to keep his shoes dry, but the magic could not be reigned in to protect his head and robes.
“Hey,” John said, smiling as Sherlock met his gaze. “There you are.”  Now that Sherlock was no longer in such intense pain, and the frenzy of the hospital had faded, he could see that John was tired. The lines on John’s face were more pronounced and the skin under his eyes was purplish with fatigue.
Later, John would puzzle at the chain of events that started with him meeting an old classmate in the park and led to him agreeing to share a flat with Sherlock Holmes.
John counted to ten and reminded himself that he loved his sister. “Look, it wasn’t like that. I … I liked him. I tried to get his number, but he left the club before I could.”
“You’re beautiful,” John says because it’s true, and he watches with fascination as a blush stains Sherlock’s cheeks and spreads down his chest. John reaches out and traces the reddened skin. Sherlock sighs.
“What’s your patronus?” John asked. He was rocking back and forth on his feet, shivering against the cold and hoping that a conversation would distract him. Every few minutes, his shoulder brushed Sherlock’s.
Out of the corner of his eye, Sherlock glanced at John. John saw the sharp gaze fly across his body, taking in details with lightning quick speed. John let the lower half of his body slump to the ground in a barely controlled fall, keeping his arms stiff so that he could remain wearily seated.
Only the running shower seemed alive in that room. A few seconds passed, though they felt like hours, until Sherlock broke the stalemate by taking in a sharp breath. Immediately he used it, schooling his face into a cold mask once more, to address John, his voice low and unfriendly. “Get out.” Before the two words were fully out of his mouth, however, John’s brain had kicked back into gear and he threw himself at Sherlock without a second thought, grabbing Sherlock’s hand and wrenching it forcibly away from his body. He snatched the razor blade out of his hand, then stared at it for a solid beat in his own hand before hurling it away from himself as if badly burned. A slight smear of blood lingered on his palm.
Sherlock had barely been aware of such a promise, too shaken up by events that had taken less than three minutes to unfold. The day had been getting to him, and John had been picking up on it. Trying to manage him like a child. All that had done was push Sherlock further into feelings of inadequacy (oh yes, that one was getting easier to identify) that had compounded with the general frustration of a shitty day. Somehow, everything had just progressed until they reached the morgue where they had an appointment with Molly. Knowing they were a bit behind, Sherlock had seized the moment when he knew John would be more focused on making the meeting than micromanaging Sherlock. He had peeled away from John in the hallway, casually remarking on using the loo. John hadn’t hesitated.
Sherlock had been pliant in his arms and silent during his whole speech, and John was beginning to suspect that he had fallen asleep when a sleepy murmur drifted up to his ears. “Yeah, okay.” With that, Sherlock truly did appear to slip off into sleep, his face softening as he relaxed completely against John’s chest.
A wordless cry forced itself from Sherlock’s body, and John smirked against his skin. His fist still wrapped around Sherlock’s cock, moving with the same horribly steady pace, John used his free hand to yank the dress shirt from his bony shoulders. The newly exposed vastness of Sherlock’s back was too tempting not to trace with his fingertips, and so he happily indulged himself.
He continued to speak with his eyes remaining shut, but Sherlock didn’t hear any of the words. He was focusing on keeping his shit together, at least on the outside. His breathing was too fast, too shallow, and Sherlock tried desperately to slow it. There was a misty feeling in his chest, not just from the shower. His belly was clenched, every muscle in his body was tense. His eyes were unfocused again, and the images he vaguely saw began to wobble. Disgust at himself flared up. Tears, from Sherlock Holmes? He managed to focus on that distain, squeezing his eyes shut for a long moment to clear them. Two tears fell, coursing down his high cheekbones, leaving incriminating trails behind them. Of course, that’s when John opened his eyes and finally looked at Sherlock.
John broke the silence. “You can forget about that, Sherlock, I can tell you that right now.” Sherlock felt nothing but anxious confusion until he realized that John was indicating his penis, at which point a contradictory rush of shame and defensiveness erupted. He hadn’t noticed that he was fully erect. A glance darted up into John’s face confirmed the disapproval in his voice.
Sherlock was losing the battle of keeping everything shoved down. It was still building, still rising, and even under the scrutiny of John, he was prepared to do anything to escape this pressure. He needed to hit something, drink something, shoot something, anything, just to get away from it. A frustrated scream tried to form, but he swallowed it down with the precious reserve of dignity he had left. This wouldn’t even be happening if John had just left him alone in the bathroom.
”I promise, John. I will work on this. It’ll be difficult for both of us I imagine, but I will rebuild this trust, I swear. I’m sorry for the pain I’ve caused you, and the pain I’m likely to cause in the future.”
Using the softest, least judgmental voice he could muster under the circumstances, John began his mission. “So…I…help me understand, yeah?” He hesitated, and got absolutely no response from Sherlock. The wasn’t even a change in his breathing. John decided to brave on. “I mean…Why? Why do this to yourself? Is it…is it for pain?” Sherlock stiffened a bit at that, and even though John was made queasy by hearing the words come out of his mouth, he was glad for a reaction. He didn’t know whether to keep pushing or not, when Sherlock surprised him by answering.
Not bothering to pull back the covers, Sherlock fell face-first onto his bed. He was blissfully asleep in moments, only vaguely aware that sometime later someone was briefly in the room with him. Before Sherlock could fully awaken, John had covered him with a blanket and dropped a kiss on his head, and then left.
Although he didn’t feel particularly refreshed by the thought, John did notice a loosening of his muscles, just a bit. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, shaking himself physically at the end of the exhale. Ahh, there. That was a bit more like it. He was a little more clear-headed and calm now, and wanted nothing more than to sleep peacefully through the night. John smiled as he let himself fall face-first into his bed, not caring that he was still dressed except for those damn shoes. The pillow his face pressed into was soft, and he sunk just a wonderful bit into the mattress. The contented smile on his face faded a bit, however, as his sleepy thoughts wandered to his partner in, well, solving crime. John knew that Sherlock wouldn’t be able to shrug off the no-leads, no-progress day as easily as he had. Sherlock had a way of staying in whatever mood life directed him to, especially if it was a pissy mood.
There is a nightstand and a lamp, a closet, plus an armoire and a bookcase poised as silent sentinels at the door. There is a small bathroom off to the side. The wood floors are cool. Unthinkingly, John goes to the edge of the bed and sits down. The mattress gives with a sigh of relief. He presses his palm into the sheets. Sherlock watches him. Sherlock always watches him. Sherlock watches everyone and everything. But do his eyes not come to rest on John a little more frequently?
John turns and smiles, ghosting his fingers ghost the slender arc of Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock swallows and leans into the touch. Sleep clings to him, sticky and soft. John welcomes him into the circle of his arms and he settles against his chest. The rain falls harder, a thousand drumbeats overhead, in tune with the heartbeat beneath his cheek. His lost reality suddenly seems impossible to recover from the fog of memory. He swallows. John pushes his damp hair back from his forehead. The rhythm of his breathing is familiar and Sherlock sighs in unabashed relief.
“In any case, we shouldn’t jump to conclusions. Oh, Sherlock…” She squeezes his shoulder. “You do always jump to conclusions…”
Mycroft looks down, taps his umbrella against his shoe. Then he meets John’s gaze again: inscrutable, not haughty or amused, not anything at all. Analytical, removed. John expects to feel afraid—that gaze is objective, which means it is a degree removed from human—but instead he finds that defiance washes over his skin, runs down his shoulders and onto his hands. It lingers. Mycroft looks at him. At the color.
A young man. Nearly old enough to be drafted. Slender with awkward knees and elbows. Pale from the beginning and even more so with sickness. Sad eyes bulging from hollow cheekbones. Average. Dreams about beautiful girls far out of his league, and heroics in battle that were never possible in the first place, and the day when he graduates and can reach out and seize the world in his right fist. Honor student in school, but the war has stripped that future from his fingertips, and now death with strip away any future at all.
And then John feels white hot, because he can’t understand why, and Sherlock is grinning venomously and yet there is something unbalanced about it, some tiny panicked particle skittering about beneath the fine set lines of his disdain, but what
Sherlock looks at their twined hands and squeezes, once, very gently; then, he meets John’s eyes, and the shimmering texture of his gaze bears down, all the more alive and real for its unsteadiness.
Sherlock has not been able to make his way back to the lab since he first accommodated John at Baker Street. He has been too occupied with conversations that last deep into the night and flimsy excuses to dam the flood of fear. And so the test tubes and samples are much as he left them, although a few cotton swabs left out of place and a pen that does not belong to him lying on the counter betray that Molly has come a few times and fussed about with the research. She obviously tried to leave everything just as it was. A valiant effort. She nearly succeeded. Sherlock smiles indulgently.
His eyes open; surely of their own accord, for he cannot imagine how he might have opened them himself. There is an ache at the back of his head; he recognizes little else except for the pain and the unpleasant sharpness of consciousness. Not the starched sheets drawn up to his chin, not the plaster ceiling, not the sterile glow of the hospital room and the chatter of the monitoring machines, nothing. Not even the man who sits in the armchair across from the bed and seems to shed fifty years when he meets his gaze, the creases about the corners of his eyes and his mouth coming undone in an instant.
Sherlock looks at him dubiously. “I’ll always be pale.” But he takes up his knife and fork and cuts into the chicken. The measured flicker of his delicate fingers over the utensils gives John the odd suggestion of a surgeon at his scalpel. Finally Sherlock puts the fork into his mouth and chews. He swallows and his entire throat seizes with the movement. John follows with his gaze. Sherlock tilts his head to the side expectantly.
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment. The candlelight forms puddles of gold in his eyes and hollows the arc of his cheekbones. He purses his lips, flexes his fingers so that the steeple bends and contorts.
They killed and dissected mice to see the skeletons. Molly had deft fingers and could name hundreds of bones. Her eyes shone as she worked. A convoluted blue vein cut through the sickly skin of her forehead. She was wickedly smart and told fabulous stories. But she wasn’t a good girl. Perhaps Sherlock wasn’t a good boy. But until sleep washed her away, Molly was the worst.
John shuts his laptop. “You’re brilliant and you feel things that I can’t understand. But I wish you wouldn’t keep secrets.”
After another few weeks, Sherlock takes up work again to combat the restlessness and the pain of unfamiliarity. He finds the cases thrilling and the people disgustingly stupid. Lestrade – the silver-haired man from the hospital room – can scarcely function for his idiocy, and his subordinates are worse. In fact, it seems the entirety of Scotland Yard is dull and listless, while the criminals boast admirably sharp and interesting minds. Only John is bearable. He is hardly quicker than the rest, and yet he is indispensable. Sherlock will not work without him.
“He was in just an hour ago. Sat about watching you for a bit. Sighed a lot.” She plucks his wrist from the mattress and takes his pulse. “Friend of yours?”
Silence. They hold each other’s gaze for a long, long moment, until John feels suddenly panicked, frantic to say something, for words to break whatever strange shapeless thing it is that gathers between them.
John stares at him. The silence is profound. Sherlock breathes heavily. John must believe him. He cannot bear the look in his eyes any longer. He will go insane. John exhales. He leans back in the armchair. He folds his hands together, swallows, and meets Sherlock’s eyes.
Then, as if he were Midas, he thinks—though, really, he cannot be sure—that he might hear Sherlock chuckle, too.
John’s shoulders slacken. But then Mycroft looks over his shoulder. His eyes prick, briefly, at John’s shoulder, his leg. The weight of his body pressing into the cane. Or—not pressing, not at all.
Irene rolls her eyes. “Alright, at this point I’m tired of the game. The symptoms, Sherlock. Don’t they seem a bit familiar to you?”
Irene smiles, but the expression doesn’t touch her eyes. She seems distant. “Wonderful. Now be off with you.” She picks up her slender pole and gestures to the map. She nudges at the wooden pieces that lie strewn haphazardly across the table. “As you can see, I’m enormously busy.”
Sherlock kicks, clips the man in the chin; his hands loosen on John, he can breathe. He is gasping. Aching. Alive. He punches. The man falls back, out cold. Sherlock does not even look at him, let alone at John; he goes straight for the gun, plucks it from the floor with gloved hands.
He can feel Sherlock looking at him, but he doesn’t want to see his expression. Surprise? Disgust? Pride? Gratitude? Or nothing, nothing at all? John clenches his hand shut, glad that the crimson curl of anger (deep, bright, righteous, beating: like a heartbeat, with a heartbeat, anger beating with a heartbeat) burns safely on the inside of his palm—a secret still.
Over the weeks their conversations become more frequent. John is not as unsettled by Sherlock as others seem to be. For all his oddities, or more likely because of them, he is a distraction. He does not let John dwell on anything for too long. Even sitting still with his chin balanced on his hands as if halfway through a prayer, he darts ahead at an impossible pace.
Sherlock Holmes is fluid. His eyes close and his mouth slackens out of its strange forced mold and his body melts. The sharp edges of his suit fade. His wrist bends and dips and arches to the tempo. Lean ribbons of notes. Strong and tenuous. They stretch thin and curl together. Never breaking. Hush now. Pianissimo. Then crescendo to nothing. It is Vivaldi sobbing from the delicate arc of the bow. Winter. Cold and tentative, and yet Sherlock warms to the sound, or perhaps the sound to Sherlock, if that were possible. Is it? John doesn’t know. He can only sit enraptured as the music wraps around him and binds his hands and feet and sets his heart to beating madly as if trying to start a duet.
John shrugs. “I don’t know.” A pause. “You seemed rather…well, awfully interested in her, actually. More than usual, I mean.”
Sherlock has not left his side for so much as a moment. In fact the idea has not even occurred to him. He does not want his laboratory. He does not want the test tubes and petri dishes and the glowing glass case in the back room. He does not want the reminder. He does not want Baker Street. Not without John, whose absence would immediately be noted like an open window or a freezing draft, books out of place on the shelf or the violin out of tune. He does not want that.
Sherlock comes as soon as he receives the order. One does not keep the Lieutenant General Irene Adler waiting.
He sinks into the sand and buries his face in his hands. The heat soaks through his canvas trousers and sears blisters into the skin of his knees. The cries of the injured soldier grow fainter and fainter. The rattle of Death comes into his voice. And oh, if war ruins a man then to be a war doctor opens him up and examines his insides and rearranges them a bit and sews the skin back together with jagged black stitches. John tastes and touches Death and Death tastes and touches John. It is a careful surgery. The most intimate of connections. The closest friendship and the most possessive friend. It is not often, after all, that Death lets himself be forgotten.
When John gets Sherlock home, he tries to talk; he lolls against John’s neck, elastic with the drug, and his breath is hot, unbearably hot, and John hates him a little bit, for being so close and breathing and for making it all so, so impossible. He is wrestling him upstairs, and he is trying to talk, and it is not working, and John is praying that all the color he can feel living on his skin does not flush past his clothes because it feels to him, in that moment, that it would be the end of everything.
Cases come and go as always. Sherlock still fears that one day he will wake to an empty bed, but he tries not to concern himself. He wants to enjoy John, no matter how fleeting it may be. And John still doesn’t know about the inconstant surface of reality. He trusts the flow, lets it carry him forwards. Sherlock is just glad to watch him glide past.
Sherlock’s breath escapes once, with a cracking sound, and then he lunges for John, hands on his shoulders, slamming him up against a wall, and again he is gasping, eyes screwed shut, face almost buried in John’s neck but not quite, their noses a hairsbreadth apart, Sherlock’s teeth grit again, and John is immobile, not daring to move and at the same time immobile, unable to do anything but watch him, watch Sherlock, watch the jagged breathing boiling up from what could be the deepest parts of him.
“It shouldn’t have happened this way. It’s not fair. Another time, another place, anywhere else in the world. It should have been different. Between us, I mean. You and me.” His voice quickens, tumbling, momentum. “It was
“Right,” says John. “Right. I know. In that case, if you’d just…or I’ll just, we’ll just—Christ. Look, it’s alright. It doesn’t have to be…a big deal. It’s fine, really. Just. It’ll be fine.”
to be different. This can’t be all there is. I can’t believe it. I won’t believe it. It’s impossible. There’s so much more to it. More.” He grips the rail of the bridge until his palms burn from the cold. “No. I won’t believe that it was supposed to end here. I can’t shake the feeling that you and I were supposed to be something more.”
Reality is fluid. It’s a river of time and perception. Nobody sees that it’s full of eddies and unexpected currents and drop-offs into cold pockets of water. It’s a human invention. The construction is impeccable. The water is deep and dark and carefully layered with fluxes of time and space. It flows smoothly. For the rest of the world it’s straightforward, an aesthetic miracle, continuous and trustworthy. But there’s an aberration. A branch lodged in the mud of the river bottom. The water parts easily, but the branch trembles. It’s about to snap beneath the force of the current.
Sherlock looks at him, at the carton, back at him. At the carton. Then he snorts—like it’s the most menial, dehumanizing thing in the world—snatches up the chopsticks, and takes a bite. Chews. Swallows.
Silence for a moment, fractured by the whirr of the monitoring machines and the labored come and go of the young woman’s breathing. Finally, the man shifts forwards.
Sherlock wants to say something. Perhaps he should thank him. But for some indeterminable reason he does not feel like a mere thank you, two syllables, once breath, so little effort, such a paltry gift compared to what John has just given him, would truly express his gratitude. Two words could not possibly illustrate the honest enormity of his astonishment. Of his amazement. Of the strange feeling rooted in his chest, the sudden scream of his pulse, the confusion that clouds his thoughts.
Neither of them wants to stay long at the clinic. Even if John will not admit it aloud, at this point he understands the fate of the three new patients. It is less painful for Sherlock, but the fear is unbearable. He supposes he is selfish. But this does not come as a surprise. In any case, he does not like to see John in such distress.  They escape as quickly as possible.
“Oh Sherlock,” gasps the young woman, and he realizes that she cannot be the wife of the man, not when she is already so helplessly infatuated with
His thumb has trapped John’s pulse, and it screams in panic. Panic must be the explanation. It must be set free. Yes, panic. No other possibility but panic. That is why it beats so frantically. Sherlock drops his wrist. His own blood rushes.
“Matter of interpretation.” He taps his chin. “A better example would be Sylvia Plath. And there’s Marc Anthony…and Cleopatra, of course. Another double. Now there’s an idea! Everything is more fun with a friend, or isn’t that what they say? What about that—Sandra, was it? Or Sarah? She seemed nice, might be available.”
John shoos Death away from the sides of the bed with a wave of his hand, a warning just under his breath, with a nurse sent to fluff the pillows, to deliver a fresh dose of morphine. He will do anything to chase away that persistent shadow. Three more cannot die. He will not stand for it. And nor will he stand to see Death enjoying himself to such an extent, lurking at the feet of the bed and toying with the toes of the patient, twisting them back and forth in anticipation, grinning like the crescent moon through the windowpane.
It makes sense. Still, John does not see the telltale waxiness of creams layered thick on his skin. In fact, his neck is fleshy, even blemished in places: flawed, real. John rationalizes that the government stuff is some of the best. It must be designed to make it look like there’s really nothing there. John swallows, thinking of the way Sherlock had laughed at him. Had he been wrong, then?
“I know we knew the risks,” snaps Mycroft. Irene does not flinch. He shifts and taps the edge of his glass with his index finger. “You know I trust you more than anyone in this whole bloody military, ranking be damned. You’re the smartest. The best I know. It’s a shame you’ve got such a tongue on you, otherwise you might have been at the head of this whole sodding mess long ago.”
The door had come crashing in as John kicked it and flung his arm out to hold it flush against the stall wall.  Sherlock could still clearly see the evaluating look on John’s face, calculating and competent, before he had taken a few strides and brought his palm against Sherlock’s cheek. The case of razor blades had fallen to the floor, only to be snatched up and slipped into John’s pocket. After that was a bit of a blur to Sherlock, but he did have a hazy recollection of Molly’s shocked face when he was led out of the bathroom and straight into a cab that would take them home.
John swung the belt again, noting with an odd pride that he had landed a particularly solid hit. A soft cry fell from Sherlock’s lips, even as he made eye contact with himself in the mirror. “Say, I am allowed to feel frustration,” John ordered as he delivered the next blow, not quite as hard.
Sherlock drew in a breath, still looking to the side of John. Everything inside him had been shoved down by the accusation, and he now felt exposed, with nowhere to hide. “Yes.”
John reached out and took Sherlock’s larger hand in his own, and led the still-naked man into the living room where he wrapped him in a blanket they kept on the couch. He sat down first, then gently pulled and fussed until Sherlock was seated next to him, wrapped in the blanket and with his head very slightly resting on John’s shoulder. The silence was only broken when John flipped on the telly and found the trivia game show they usually watched at this time. Sherlock’s breathing remained steady and calm. The heat between their bodies grew slowly, and they both relaxed into it.
Sherlock’s knees buckled for a moment at the lack of expected contact. Every inch of his skin that had been struck now buzzed terribly, blood just under the surface boiling. His heart dropped. Had he ruined it by trying to dictate the process? Was that the end? It couldn’t be, please, John couldn’t lead him this far and then leave him alone. Could he? But he wouldn’t, not John. Sherlock needed to be able to trust John. He couldn’t stop. He couldn’t-
Sherlock did as he was told. He would have done anything John said. Anything. There was none of the effortless grace that usually dictated his movements, only desperation that had him tripping over his own movements. He was already feeling the tide rising again within him after the initial relief at John taking control. He had the promise of rescue now, but every second he had to wait was swiftly becoming agony. Now that he was fully naked there was no distraction, nothing to busy himself with. Sherlock tried to focus on the present, to ground himself. John seemed to be watching him, evaluating him. What did he see? Sherlock began cataloguing.
Sherlock’s mouth quirked up briefly on one side in a sardonic smile as he leaned back against the bathtub. It was short-lived, however. John had meant well, but bringing up the events of the day, just as Sherlock had begun to relax, was the wrong thing to do. Sherlock felt his emotions rise up again swiftly, stoked up from their embers.
”Up,” John commanded. Sherlock swiftly rose to his full height, squaring his shoulders and raising his chin defiantly. John reached out with both hands to grasp Sherlock around his hips, making sure to brush his fingertips over the graveyard of past cuts inside the left hipbone as he maneuvered Sherlock to stand in front of the bathroom mirror. It had the effect he had hoped for as Sherlock’s breath stuttered in sharply as his hands came to rest on either side of the sink. John pressed his body in close behind Sherlock’s, tugging his pants down just enough to fully expose the grouping of scars. The newest one was still scabbed over in an angry red line. A guilty sort of fascination showed on Sherlock’s face as he stared at that spot in the mirror.
John wasn’t sure exactly how it would all come up again, but he wasn’t surprised when Sherlock showed up looking particularly defeated and uncomfortable the next morning while John was watching telly on the couch. He mumbled something while avoiding looking in John’s direction, instead fiddling with the sash of his robe. His silky pyjama bottoms shifted as he took an aborted step toward John, then coughed instead and stayed where he was.
“Sherlock?” John called out once, hesitantly. There was no response. Before he could panic, John rushed to calm himself. Honestly, Sherlock had always left the flat at all kinds of hours, for all kinds of reasons. If John got bothered by it every time Sherlock was suddenly gone, he’d never have a moment’s peace. Sherlock was probably chasing down some clue, most likely in a way that presented at least a bit of danger to his person. That started a low anger bubbling in John’s gut, and he made a mental note to talk to Sherlock in the future about keeping himself safer from here on out. Actively seeking danger was not too far from explicitly hurting oneself, making it unacceptable in John’s mind.
Sherlock appeared to really consider the situation for a moment, then replied, “No.” John’s heart skipped and he moved closer to Sherlock before he could stop himself. Incredibly, Sherlock seemed to relax further as he approached, rather than tense up.
And now, in their home, John was walking toward him. Sherlock had been so caught up in his thoughts that he actually took a startled step backward, but John was apparently ready for that. His hand shot out and grabbed hold of Sherlock’s hair, pulling Sherlock’s ear down to his mouth. John growled, “Remember, this stops immediately if you need it to. What’s the word?”
The room was already full of steam, clouding up the mirror and making the air thick and slightly oppressive. The humidity had already started to take its toll on Sherlock. His thick black hair had separated into individual, tight curls, and a slight sheen of moisture made his skin shine. John could see this because Sherlock was not in the shower stall as he had previously thought. Sherlock was standing by the shower in his dark pants and dress shirt, though the shirt was open (John noticed briefly that the fly of pants was open as well and the pants were tugged down a bit to reveal sharp hipbones, but he didn’t linger there, no sir). All these thoughts came to John simultaneously, as well as a sense of embarrassment. He had meant to dash in and out, maybe never even noticed by his flat mate who was supposed to be behind a curtain and surrounded by loud, rushing water.
Any distance from the sand, from the emotional pain, was blessed to Sherlock, allowing him room to relax and recover from the onslaught. He basked in the physical pain, wishing for more but scared that it would be too much to take. But that was John’s decision, anyway, and not on Sherlock’s own shoulders. Even that knowledge let him feel safer, protected from himself.
The next set of thoughts crashed right through the first. First, he noticed Sherlock’s strange hunched-over posture, his right hand loosely holding something small close to his left hip. Like he was hiding something and had been caught in the act. An act. What act? Secondly, Sherlock had not moved since John had started opening the door. He was as still and lifeless as he had been in the taxi, but there was a different quality to this posture. Combined with the wide eyes that were staring at him, John was able to identify the behavior, weirdly enough, as fear. In terms of fight-or-flight, Sherlock’s mind and body had decided to act as a prey animal.
John expected Sherlock to continue his frenzied pace and perhaps launch himself on top of John (oh, please), but Sherlock just stood there, looking at him…studying him? It made John uneasy, his mind flipping through physical features on his own body that he’d rather not have studied, thank you very much. He just laid on the bed, watching Sherlock watch him. It seemed like those eyes scanned over every inch of him at least twice before John’s nerve broke. He threw one hand up and if the “Sherlock!” that flew from his mouth sounded like a whine, it was Sherlock’s fault.
He tore his eyes away from the dark brown sofa and met her gaze. He made sure his hands were placed casually on the arms of his chair and he adopted an easy smile on his face. The last thing he wanted was for Ella to start calling him out on his defensive posture.
“Of course. Experiment away.” John smiles that soft, fond smile that always makes Sherlock’s heart race and gently, so so gently as if Sherlock is made of porcelain, he lays his hand on Sherlocks cheek and guides him down slowly so their faces are on now at the same height. With one more soft, shaky breath, John leans in that extra half an inch and their lips are touching. It’s a soft kiss. Barely there, really. John’s lips are touching his own just enough that he can feel the chapped lips on his own and John’s breath on his face. For such a short, sweet kiss, Sherlock feels dizzy from it and when John pulls back and their lips disconnect Sherlock feels an instant loss. They both stare each other in the eyes, Sherlock still bent down slightly and John’s hand still curling around his cheek. Surprisingly it’s Sherlock who breaks the silent spell first.
“Yeah. Sure. Whatever you say Greg.” Lestrade said another quick good-bye before cutting off the line and just like that John was alone again and just like that the panic set in.
“Good,” he made sure to avoid the use of the work “fine”. That was practically a trigger word for therapists. “Yeah, I’ve been… Good.” Ella nodded as if this was somehow insightful to her.
His voice came out weak and useless against the loud wind and the force still didn’t let up so he tried again.
John was useless. A complete waste of a human being. He couldn’t save Sherlock, he couldn’t be there for Mindy. What good was he?
They shower and dress, and John makes breakfast, forcing Sherlock to eat a few bites as he fiddles with his laptop or the newspaper. He circles the table, dropping two cubes of sugar into his coffee and a kiss at his temple. Sherlock smiles and dissolves the sugar, the edge of his spoon singing against the mug. John unfolds the newspaper with a flourish. Mrs. Hudson usually totters downstairs around midmorning; she flutters about clearing dishes and reorganizing their silverware drawer, huffing and scolding and pinching their cheeks until they glow. Once she has departed, they gather the evidence files and leave for work.
The days pass more quickly than they should. Death makes time run together at the seams. The evacuation has already begun. Each day the city is more silent, more still, more grey. At the break of the final dawn the illusion of a coat of ash has settled over London. The light is clear and brutal and the sky is a slice of fragile blue porcelain. Nothing moves. Every once in a while the dull snap of helicopter blades can be heard in the distance. From time to a time a dog barks. Otherwise the quiet is as profound as a tomb.
Silence falls for a moment. John sets down his fork and gestures at the untouched plate in front of Sherlock.
Sherlock clings feebly to his arms, bewildered. At some point John stops screaming, and loosens his hold, and then Sherlock’s face is cradled in his hands, and his fingers skirt his cheek, his neck, the swell of his lower lip, smooth a lock of hair from his forehead.
John rolls his eyes, but he is impossibly grateful. They don’t say anything much in particular as they head down the stairs and step out onto the street. Or at least they say nothing of importance; they don’t want to. Dusk bruises the horizon blue and purple. The indefinite colors of night begin to stain the streets in places, but the fires in the alleyways are no longer lit and the shadows are still. The air is cool and soundless. They both fall into a respectful silence on reflex alone.
“Sherlock.” John’s voice carries that curious scratch again. Sherlock is still not entirely sure of its meaning. “Sherlock, what -”
She is exhausted and lies still until he settles her on the examination table and presses the cold stethoscope to her chest. She yelps and scrambles away from the touch of the freezing metal. He furrows his brow and makes a hushing sound from the back of his throat. She whimpers. It is some time before he coaxes her onto her lap and is able to listen again. Her heartbeat flutters and trills. She breathes shallowly, but he knows she is only nervous. Now and then a small sob shivers through her ribcage. He frowns and examines her mouth and eyes. Past the small enamel ridge of her teeth, her tongue and throat look healthy.
He didn’t mean to drink so much. He didn’t mean to drowse. He woke to grimy sunlight and a sour taste in his mouth. Footsteps on the stairs. His mother in the doorway. They held each other’s gaze until Sherlock threw his head back.
Sherlock smiles tolerantly and draws a badge from his pocket with a flourish. John swallows. Research department. Royal. During the day he can be wherever he very well pleases. Sherlock chuckles. Doubtless he can see the realization play out on John’s expression.
The drive isn’t long, but Sherlock pays the whole fare. John is unsure of how to react to this. In the end he says nothing.  The restaurant is small and its windows cast a friendly glow onto the sidewalk. It forms a striking juxtaposition with the shadows of the fires that crackle from the alleyways and the occasional fountain of light that spurts up from somewhere in the distance: shells exploding.
Another bruise of not-quite anger, this time at John’s temple. And then there is confusion (muddled, watercolors swirling together), because it really is standard procedure to do a color inventory. Doctors use them all the time. So do police. Detectives. Scotland Yard itself. Hell, it’s so common that all the good criminals know better; they go a long way to cover up their skin, and there’s a whole industry of creams and treatments, completely illegal unless you’re military, diplomacy, sometimes parliament. The stuff is dangerous when unregulated—John thinks of peeling skin, overflow, and fading, fading—but worth it to some people, because it’s important information. It’s important to know.
They were four years old. She had translucent skin and bulging eyes and her upper lip jutted over the lower, lending her mouth a wicked quirk. They met as neighbors and became fast friends, explored the countryside, built forts, told stories, lied, skinned their knees, nicked sweets from the pantry, everything. Her ideas were never good, but they were always interesting. She was a strange girl and Sherlock was a strange boy. It fit.
Sherlock drops her wrist. John is gripping the railing of the bed. His face is expressionless except for where his mouth draws down faintly at the corners. The slightest crease spells the depth of his horror. Otherwise he is empty. Devoid. But then the blank sheet of paper that is his face crumples and straightens again with a thousand new wrinkles, and the emptiness melts into confusion. Sherlock watches as John begins to suck on his lower lip. He seems human again. Sherlock gives a silent sigh of relief, because to him, that much seems to be only John’s job. Being human and such, that is. John is soft. Softer than he is, at least. Soft enough to allow confusion to melt his face.
“What?” His voice scrapes, stumbles, but there: Sherlock’s head falls against the pillow, and his eyes flutter, his breathing slows. John leans away. Thank god, thank god, thank god. “Sherlock, enunciate.”
He’s being sarcastic. Nasty, even. Lestrade barks a rebuke at him. John figures it’s because he sees John’s paleness and feels sorry for him. Lots of people think that you simply cannot be nasty to people who are suffering like that, that something about their pain exempts them from the way you might treat regular human beings. Really, nobody wants to disturb the glassy surface of people’s agony; nobody wants to try to understand the way it is not an exemption from but rather a part of being a regular human being. They don’t want to understand because of what it might imply for them.
Blue. Thanks to special effects, it’s everywhere in rom-coms these days. Still, when you see it up on the screen, a part of you knows. It’s not real. Not really real. There something’s missing. Something else. To make it really, really real.
It was only little details up until then. Tiny things – the pattern of his wallpaper, the color of his pet canary, the way his violin tutor applied her lipstick. Nothing important. He barely made note of it. It was so forgettable. He assumed it happened to everyone. Later on he would learn not to make that kind of assumption. It’s dangerous.
But every so often he seems to condescend far enough to take coffee with John in the office. He can usually bully a nurse into procuring the stuff – he has a curious effect of them, something reminiscent of a cold breeze blowing through a flock of doves – in a tall mug, just as he likes: black, with two sugars. He then proceeds to march smartly into John’s office, take an authoritative seat before his desk, and pepper him with questions. Usually these are related to medicine. Nearly as often they have to do with the little girl.
Mike looks earnest. He does. And suddenly John hopes, with the tight scratching loneliness of wanting to preserve in someone a precious thing that we never expect to recover for ourselves, that Mike attributes the paleness that spreads over John’s neck to an apathy that has nothing to do with him, with this—with, well. All of it.
They stand there for an instant, an age, two lifetimes wound together inseparably after just a month, and is that what they have become? John grits his teeth. Best not to wonder. Sherlock was right. Don’t count the what ifs. Of course he was right. Don’t look back.
“Stay?” he says at last, helplessly. The saddest promise anyone can make, and he is making it to her.
Adler leans forwards. She balances her chin on the ball of her palm. Now she is a cat, arching her back to get a proper look at him. “We?”
“Um, can I, um.” He screws his eyes shut. “Would you like me to move out? I was thinking…thinking about getting a new flat anyway. You know. Before. I could still come on cases and all that. But if it would be easier for you, it really wouldn’t be too much trouble. That is. I can just—”
“I see.” Sherlock understands, and suddenly he does not know what to say. With anyone else he would have brushed away such sentimentality without a second thought. But even after only three weeks, Sherlock knows that John does not affect emotion. When he is truly shaken he seems to become submerged, and cannot breathe, and robs the breath of all who come near. His mouth grows thin, his eyes expressive and tragic, his face as easy to read as a picture book. Sherlock inhales with some difficulty. The situation is mystifying.
He wakes parched. The nurse brings him a plastic cup of water and he drinks desperately. He sets the cup down on the nightstand and glances at the other bed in the room. An old man is sleeping beneath the starched white sheets. Not John. Sherlock deduces his illness to hide his disappointment. His face is ravaged and grey as ash; the rise and fall of his chest is labored. One of his knurled hands is curled into the sheets. A gold band glints on his ring finger; it has not been polished in years, but Sherlock cannot bring himself to believe that he was an adulterer. He decides instead that his wife died years ago and he has been slowly wasting away from grief ever since.
anything different and needs to know whether physics or chemistry has changed.  But most of all he wants to explain that when everything else is unfamiliar John is the same, an anchor in the flow of reality, and for that he loves him, for that and a thousand other reasons which one day he’ll scrawl across the entire apartment in permanent marker so that they’re always known and never forgotten or mishandled by careless sleep.
Anger. It bleeds hotly past John’s collar and up his neck: wan, indignant, sickly. Its core is off, misplaced, but he doubts that Sherlock knows that—only doctors, policemen, are trained to see these subtleties. And Sherlock does not trust the heart.
Neither of them feels like going back to the flat. As they have already established, sleep is boring. They might as well be working, so they manage to catch another cab to the clinic. On the way they pass through some of the worst combat zones. Every few seconds the cab is flooded with the eerie light of a shell flowering into the sky and the night around them is ruptured by the spatter of gunfire. John cannot help himself. He stares out the window. He knows Sherlock is watching him.
He hears Sherlock inhale. A tenuous moment of silence. Finally an exhale. Strong enough to brush warm and soft against the back of his neck. He shivers.
He sits in the armchair across from the other armchair, surrounded by walls and a smile that is yellow, surrounded by the bullet holes irrevocably embedded in that smile, in its yellowness, and he thinks that he should move out; but still he sits, and stares out the window, and listens, and listens, and listens—to absence, to the non-strains of the violin.
Sherlock drops John’s wrist and bends over the mattress. He presses his hand to her forehead. He takes her pulse. His brow crinkles. His eyes glint. Cold and frosted, and he drops his index finger to his lower lip and drums and drums. A steady rhythm. Like a heartbeat. Thought. Thinking. He is thinking. John watches. He finds himself capable of nothing more.
Sherlock glances at the cup of tea at John’s side, perplexed. “That’s because coffee is all I usually eat or drink,” he replies. “But why should you offer to make some? You’ve already got your tea.” He frowns. “You really shouldn’t drink so much caffeine at one sitting, John. It’s not good for the health of most people. Only people such as myself are allowed to do such things.”
the neighbors say? So you don’t even consider it, no. Can’t consider it until at least six months have passed, and then you might give it some thought. Sit down, take some notes, draw a conclusion. Just as you will when you calculate when to move in with her, what colors to use at the wedding, how many children to have, where to retire. Because that’s how it works. Love. Isn’t it?”
There is a smile, and it is yellow, and there are holes—from bullets, holes from bullets, bullet holes. In it. In the smile, in its yellowness. And there is Sherlock, and he is saying:
Unthinkingly, Sherlock catches his wrist halfway there. John stares at him. Sherlock’s mind screeches. He wants to justify himself. He is suddenly a child caught with his fingers bleeding because he broke the glass vase that mummy always treasured. The child bursts into tears. It was the fear. The fear made him do it.
When John slips off his coat, Sherlock is still blank; when John undoes the buttons at his throat, Sherlock is still blank; when John eases open his belt buckle, Sherlock is still blank; when John presses him back against the mattress and hooks his knees up to his shoulders and runs his hands all over him and kisses him, once, at the slope of his neck, just once, knowing exactly how much tenderness he’s allowed without making it too clear, too direct, like words between them, like color, Sherlock is still blank; when John gasps into his neck and shudders from some place lodged unthinkably deep within himself, Sherlock is still blank; when he holds him for a heartbeat after, he is blank.
“Could you, maybe.” John feels like every word is a bridge, fragile, bending beneath his weight; he cannot, cannot afford to fall. “Tell me about it?”
Of course he is being sarcastic, but he is also right, and Sherlock gets the impression that they both know it. He shifts and reaches for a slice of garlic bread. John stares unabashedly as he bites down and chews pensively. He swallows conclusively and closes his eyes.
And he begins to turn away. Sherlock cannot stand it. The look in his eyes. Almost betrayed but not surprised. Of course, you really are frozen. Nothing more than a man of science. Forgive me for thinking otherwise. I won’t forget it again. It’s my job to be human so don’t you worry yourself. Sherlock struggles to reason with the wild spinning of his mind. He is being ridiculous. Of course John has not even taken the time to form such opinions. Nobody notices what Sherlock notices.
Molly Hooper was a cruel child, even though nobody would believe it nowadays. But he knows her as the girl with the bulging brown eyes who vanished and reappeared. He would never quite forgive her for what she did, no matter how reality tilted beneath his feet. Some wounds run so deep that not even a new world can heal the scar.
Later—when she’s dead, when the flat is quiet, when the mournful strains of Sherlock’s violin ease into nothing (he’s never played like that before, never so sad, and now the strains that once existed, that brief unbelievable evidence of his heart, those strains ease off into nothing, nothing)—later, John sits and does not drink the tea he made, and feels gnawed at from the outside in. He doesn’t have to lift his shirt to know it’s there, green, spreading around his navel thick and blooming as if from broken capillaries. Like storm clouds, like the sickness of a sky before it shudders apart.
The man leans forwards over the bed, making as if to run his hand through his hair. He stops halfway there, held back. By what?
John is silent. He stares into the case for some time. Sherlock cannot read his face. Frustrating. After a considerable while he clears his throat.
“Oh. I see. Forgive me.” And he extends his hand to John. “Doctor Gregory Lestrade. Very pleased to meet you. I do apologize for my rudeness.”
The kiss is gentle and firm at the same time. It fits his personality. He tastes like tea. Sherlock sighs. He closes his eyes and tries to memorize the taste of John Watson on his lips.
They are good friends. They have no choice. Those who worry for the same reasons must stick together. Although in their case really it is nothing more than a single reason. A reason as brilliant and capturing as it is problematic and infuriating. A reason that they both love with all their hearts, if not for different reasons, and if not in very different ways.
Angelo rolls his eyes. “Joking, joking, of course.” He waves a hand towards Sherlock. “The man is married to his bloody work, so don’t go getting your hopes up, sweetheart.” Yet another wink. “Thanks for stopping by, you two. Hope to see you again.”
A little boy. He is crumpled. He’s sick; there’s a rash. It’s too much. There is an older boy, sneering:
It’s winter. The light is sharp, focused, illuminating the lattice patterns of frost on the windows. He’s wrapped in a stiff wool coat. He’s still on the couch, but he feels an enormous sense of hollowness. He hears footsteps on the stairs. The lock trembles. John walks into the sitting room and drops the groceries. A bag of apples spills across the floor. Sherlock doesn’t know what to say, what world he’s woken into, and neither does John, it seems.
In any case, he is glad that Sherlock is there. Once the patients have settled into their beds and each has fallen asleep in the midst of a private haze of morphine, an unsettling silence falls over the clinic. Without someone tangible to talk to, only his own consciousness, and perhaps Death taking turns leering over each patient, John might have gone half-mad with memory. It is too much like the desert, which is as silent as a tomb once night falls because the heat that radiates from the sand and the indefinite black of night render the earth soundless, muffled and exhausted, so that even the groans of the dying cannot be heard.
John frowns. “I don’t understand what you’re asking. Nothing.” He bends back over his paperwork. “I was thinking. Just thinking. Nothing more. You of all people should understand being lost in thought.”
His phone rings late in the afternoon. Later he will take great pains to remember the exact moment, catalogue it meticulously into his mind, make sure that it is filed away in the most important section, where up until that point he only allowed the ghosts of brilliant ideas that never flourished into theories or laws because they were never given time. There is always too much to be done. But that is beside the point. His phone rings late in the afternoon, when John is the most exhausted.
The boy falls silent just as dawn splits the darkness of the infirmary into a gradient of greys and black.
Sherlock grabs him by the shoulders, holds him up, and John doesn’t push him away. He simply feels the pressure of his fingertips, faint through the fabric of his coat and yet world narrowing, or consuming, maybe; they are a minute immensity, everything. Sherlock is still reeling from the punch, but he won’t let John go. Only when John can stand again, somewhat steady though not entirely, never entirely, does Sherlock drops his hands, and then he does not touch him again, though he stays very close.
“Her name is Harriet, but we all call her Harry,” sighs John after a time. “And I might add, Sherlock, that at times I think that I should never hope to understand you.”
“So you wouldn’t push back?” she asked dreamily. She shoved him. For an instant he saw only the sky. He was flying. Then the ground surged up to strike the breath from his lungs. He choked on a mouthful of muddy water. His nose pressed into the dirt. He tumbled until he felt the earth begin to give. He came to a stop in a groove of mud. Tasted iron. Fell unconscious.
It feels like touch. It feels like touch, and then later, well. Later, John gets takeaway, and he hands the carton to Sherlock and there is a brief moment where their hands brush, just the tips of their fingers but still, it’s their skin, and it’s touch, and it’s not that it’s lingering, it’s not that it’s loaded with secret meaning, it isn’t, no—it’s just, it’s just, it’s never happened before. And John wants to look up but doesn’t dare, only clears his throat (there, right there, must be all the information Sherlock needs) and goes back to the kitchen, hands balled into fists, color exploding urgently along the slope of his back.
But that wasn’t true. Not at all. It was only fear. The cruel twists and turns of reality had hardened Sherlock. His heart terrified him. It threatened to destroy him. Everything was so risky. His universe was so changeable. Dependence on another was not reliable. He had warned himself against love, admiration, attachment. But he met Sally and he forgot.
“I see.” The older boy’s voice loses its distance, loosens into something almost amused, and that is worse than anything else, it’s venom, it’s fire. “In that case, don’t come crying to me.”
Sherlock regarded teachers with disdain – he regarded most things with disdain – but Irene was clever. She analyzed every student to the bone and liked to tell secrets in a singsong whisper. Sherlock did love her, but detachedly. He never once entertained the notion of acting upon it. He was too brilliant for school, but Irene made it bearable. She was a challenge, and he didn’t want to ruin that with something as frivolous and capricious as feeling.
The enormity of the compliment only occurs to John as the waiter brings their bill. Sherlock immediately snatches it from across the table. John opens his mouth. Sherlock glares.
“We don’t have a choice.” Irene drains her glass and wipes her mouth on her sleeve. “I’ll ring up the enemy as soon as possible. War is war. But they won’t want to risk themselves here. The first of their troops started catching just yesterday. It won’t be difficult.”
John pauses for a long while. Finally it occurs to him that perhaps if he does not seek a definition, he will find one after all. And so he simply begins to speak.
Ten minutes later and the door opens to admit John. He looks rumpled and mortified. His hair is matted and dull. His eyes are exhausted. His ratty purple cardigan and grey oxford are filthy and wrinkled. There is indeed a bandage wrapped around his forehead. He has been subsisting on coffee and hospital pastries nicked from the tray by the secretaries alone. He is worried and angry, palpably caught between the two emotions. Sherlock aches with love.
John shrugs. “Fair enough.” He wanders away again, into the back room. Sherlock can hear his footsteps and sketch his path in his mind. He stops at the door to wonder at the danger signs, considers asking for permission, then decides against it and pushes forwards. The light is dim and he stumbles about for a bit before he adjusts. Now he is examining the range of sealed jars, reeling a bit at the bottled fetus but recovering himself in good time to get a proper look at the magnificently preserved anatomy. He moves on and the footsteps stop. Sherlock holds his breath.
When he grabs John, when he pulls away the bomb, John can’t handle it—the closeness, the weight of Sherlock’s breath, the frantic stumbling of his fingers which are still nimble but so suddenly unlike him, so unlike him. He is afraid, there’s no denying it, and his fear feels almost like, almost like, fuck, it feels almost like love, and John can’t. Can’t do it. He gasps:
“I’ve figured out the story behind your sister,” he says, and wants to bite his tongue until his mouth overflows with blood. John glances away from the television. Sherlock steals a glimpse and is relieved to see that there is only curiosity in his expression.
“Shut up.” Does it surprise the older boy, the grit of his own front teeth? It hasn’t for a long time. But here, now—maybe. “Shut
“You must hate living in that flat. And it could—you know, well.” A baby blue flush of hesitation. “It could be good for you.”
And so he contentedly follows Sherlock back through the living room and up a small staircase. Sherlock opens a door and beckons him inside with a sweep of the arm. The bedroom is not large, but it looks comfortable. Light from the far window puddles in the wrinkles in the sheets on the bed. They have not been used for years and are tired and grey, covered with a fine coat of dust.
It’s a waste. Lie. It’s essential, but he won’t go into the science. He doesn’t need it. Another lie. He’s human, no matter what they say. It’s boring. Still lying. That one’s the most preposterous. It’s not boring. Not at all. But he can’t explain the real reason. Not because of social stigma. Not because of fear. He honestly can’t. It’s maddening.
“It isn’t anything,” replies the intruder at long last. His gaze flickers to the sleeping girl. “Personal curiosity.”
John sighs. He cannot bring himself to care. He picks up his pen and returns to his paperwork. Sherlock lingers until the lights of the clinic begin to flicker out. A nurse leans through the door to John’s office and asks whether Sherlock is coming. He nods absently. Just a minute. A pause.
Reality is continuous, and it is malleable, and yet it cannot truly be changed. Sherlock traces events, changes, faces. He thinks it over for hours and hours. He begins to understand it. There is no prior dream, no indefinite dream, no inception. It’s all the same once you look past the details. People, things, hearts – it’s just a web of symbolism. A story with the same characters every time, only in different scenarios.
But, he reasons with himself, he is only digressing in the vain hope of distracting himself. At some point he will have to acknowledge the panic that has begun to twist itself into his ribs. The little girl is dead. The little girl is dead and she died with the symptoms. The symptoms, the very symptoms. Sherlock cannot deny it. There can be no mistaking them. The little girl is dead and she died with the symptoms and John is standing at her bedside with that infinite expression in his eyes and it is all Sherlock can manage to sputter facts like a broken faucet and construct silly analogies about painting and emotions spelled out in eyes and cheekbones and lips.
it? John can’t tell, he can’t tell, and he wishes not for the first time for anything to open on that man’s sheet-of-paper skin.
“It’s not generosity. It’s…oh, hell.” He averts his gaze. “All that you said about...about us, what we were…I can’t restore the past. It won’t ever be the same between us. I’m sorry. It’s not fair to you. But maybe…”
John shrugs. “Showing me, I suppose.” He runs a hand through his hair. “It’s all very interesting, and you trusted me enough to show me…me, of all people. But in any case, thank you.”
Sherlock shakes his head from side to side. “I don’t know. It could just be coincidence.” He can hear the raw strain in his own voice. It’s pathetic.
It’s gone in seconds. Then, Sherlock analyzes the fingerprints on the gun (he has already deduced it all: previously handled, and not by just anyone), and they find the culprit that night. John’s skin reverts to sand. But Sherlock. He saved John’s life (technically true: motives aside, a life is a life is a life) and even though the case is over, he eats nothing and stays in the sitting room all night (not interesting
– and strokes her forehead again. Her brow contorts beneath the brush of the back of his knuckles. Her fingers are knotted in the sheets.
His orgasm is raw and razor-sharp with reality. He cannot keep himself from clutching at John, digging his nails into his shoulders, pulling him down, as he fades back onto the mattress. He just scrapes together the decency to return the favor; John shivers into his shoulder, his name falling from his lips to shatter on the pillowcase.
Daylight renders Sherlock no less ethereal, and John is of half a mind to believe that he dreamt up the night before and is still lost somewhere in fog of sleep and brilliant visions of surreal men materializing from the darkness to shout at one another and drop rumors of worldwide crisis as easily as they might were they catching up over coffee. But John is awake. John is awake and Sherlock floats through the clinic like a pale-skinned shadow. The lapels of his black suit blazer seem sharp enough to draw blood. Even from a distance his eyes glitter. John watches him warily through the window of his office.
“Anderson!” The name rings in the silence like a crystal champagne flute struck with a silver spoon. The sound is fragile and tenuous. It stretches and ripples. A few patients shift in their beds. To their right a young man groans softly. The veil of sleep begins to evaporate. Sherlock takes a step forwards. His chest is heaving. For a moment his eyes rest on John. Then they focus on nothing at all.
John comes home to find Sherlock tucked defeated beneath the sheets, lost in the mist of the unknown past that he may never realize.
Molly flutters past for the umpteenth time. Her lipstick is smeared and her hair is a fright and the collar of her shirt is drawn erratically across her collarbone. Her chest is heaving. She is more agitated than the others. No good reason. He sneers at the test tube.  She should know better and he tells her so just as she races for the far door of the lab again. She skids to a halt.
“Did you…” John lets up on the sheet. “It’s silly, but…had you met her before, Sherlock? Adler, I mean.”
He feels the concrete. He blinks and sees debris and the glassy skin of the swimming pool. He tastes ash on the tip of his tongue. He smells singed hair and clothing. He hears John gasping beside him. Their hands are still joined as if melted together by the flames. His palm is sticky. Sherlock feels a weight on his chest, but more oppressive than anything is the weight of memory.
And with that, he hands off the check to a passing waiter. John flounders about for a while until he is rescued by the owner, who materializes at their table beaming and clasping his hands together. He is a meaty man with flapping jowls and a face creased like a wet brown paper bag. His apron is stained.
He jots down his notes in the corners of his minds and catalogues them in the endless annals of his subconscious. Symptoms. Spread. Name. Latin roots. Time of death. Cure. Evolution. The most prestigious science journals would throw themselves at his feet for the slightest snippet of his discoveries. He divulges nothing. He sees no reason to do so. Other people would not understand. To explain would be a waste. Ordinary scientists would be baffled. Then they would want to know where the notebooks were. They would stare in bewilderment when he tapped his own temple with a smirk. Ordinary. Dense human beings. Uninventive. Science is a living art. Anything but ordinary.
And then at once all the lights in the clinic explode to life. For a moment John thinks that the intruder did this – he was so ethereal in the dark, what with the black satin suit and the strange mouth and silken voice, that the idea does not seem irrational – but he turns and sees another man poised at the light switch. The terror gripping his throat vanishes. Beside him, the intruder gives a sigh.
He bites down on his lower lip. “Well, we both know the kind of security we keep,” he begins, breathless. “A breach would be next to impossible. And into the water supply? How? It’s improbable. In all actuality, a coincidence is more feasible.” He inhales unsteadily. “A coincidence is more feasible.”
That night John takes pains to illustrate the portrait of Sherlock Holmes as he understands thus far.
He takes a sip of tea and swallows slowly. “In any case, it’s only that…well, to be honest, I can’t seem to shake her from my head. She pops up in every other thought. It’s a bit maddening, actually.”
“Nothing more than what I’ve told you.” An easy lie. He was prepared. John seems to be thinking. And yet there is not a trace of panic in his expression. Sherlock is flabbergasted. He does not understand. John lets go of his shoulders.
“You’re just fine.” John’s eyes are unfocused. Silence. John shifts. He’s fiddling with a corner of the sheet. He wants to say something. Sherlock waits.
Sherlock’s blood rushes. He nods. At first it’s not easy, not romantic, not wrenched with passion. There’s no falling upon each other, no tearing at clothes, no haze of desire. Instead there’s a steady, timid pulse of hope, anticipation, trust.  Again, John doesn’t expect anything. He’s only sharing another part of himself. Sherlock wraps his arms closely around his neck, hoping he might offer a bit in return.
“I suppose it does not even require saying,” sighs Irene after a time. “We both know what has to be done. You’ve seen the numbers. Even just in the past week. It multiples exponentially every day. We can’t afford it anymore.”
“Delightful.” And—there, right there. Sherlock might be smiling. “Now, would you please make yourself useful and help me staunch the flow?”
“No, not obviously.” He gets up, unwraps the chopsticks, opens the carton, and thrusts it at Sherlock, who does not move to take it from his hand. “I get that you wish I was better at deductions, but you can’t ask me to draw a conclusion from insufficient data.”
And then Moriarty waltzes back onstage, and when the world explodes all John can see is Sherlock and that tiny, tiny breath of color, and then nothing, nothing at all.
He’s not too alarmed, not yet, at least not consciously, though dread, in its own way, stitches itself into the fabric of his stomach without his knowing. What was he expecting anyway, he reasons with himself—that he found the hound overnight? Or pulled together breakfast in bed? Wanted a kiss, a snuggle, before John so much as brushed his teeth? Or ever, for that matter? Please. This is Sherlock Holmes, can you imagine? Still, he is—so stiff, so very very stiff. Like he’s been sitting there for hours.
Later, she drugs him with a swift prick in the throat; the motion is easy, practiced, something she must have done hundreds of times before, and yet, her hand drags with something like sadness.
He goes back to his therapist, who looks at his skin, and he thinks he sees in the pressing together of her lips a certain terminality.
“Don’t move,” he whispers, and kisses him. It’s proper, solid but gentle. John isn’t asking for anything. He’s only sharing a bit of himself. Sherlock cautiously tilts his chin. It’s short, not very passionate or wrenched with feeling, but it’s important. It’s everything, and they’re both smiling when they part.
“We don’t really know about that.” She glances out the window. “It’s going to get worse no matter what we do. It’s already out. The evacuation will only be a conservative measure.”
John still does not know his destination, of course. He has hinted and Sherlock has dodged with practiced ease. It is clear that he does not want to explain his reason for haunting the clinic. He will not tell why he obsesses over even the most minute changes in the little girl. Not why his thumb is always at her wrist seeking her pulse. Not why he tracks what she eats and drinks and every syllable that she mumbles in her sleep. Not why he forces John to keep meticulous journals on her progress. But John cannot be bothered to press him. He chooses to accept uncertainty.
For the first time, the name occurs to him on its own. His jaw falls slack. Mycroft is his brother. Mycroft annoys him very much but he is unfortunately necessary. And then Sherlock feels dizzy. He sees a little boy with a shock of dark curls clinging to an older boy by the hand. He hears the laughter of the other children, tastes the dust of the playground bitter on his lips, burns with hurt and frustration. He cannot understand why they cannot understand him. He sees a lanky teenage body, feels the starched collar of a graduation gown chafe his neck, the rush of cocaine streaking through his veins. He tests his intellect, researches, cracks cases. He finds an apartment. 221B. Sherlock curls his hands into the couch cushion. He knows what comes next.
“Say…” His voice seems to shatter something in the air. He does not know what, but the shards shower down between them like broken glass. Sherlock raises a brow. His hand is still on the doorknob.
Sherlock only just begins to believe him when Moriarty returns for another dance. The next few moments are a whirlwind. Then he is pointing his gun at the pile of explosives. He is pointing the gun and John is reaching for his hand. Their fingers are winding together. He can feel the trigger digging deeper and deeper into his skin. The slightest pressure would do it. John presses down on his palm with one hand.
John smiles at him and his heartbeat slows. His shirt. It’s faded like it’s been worn for years. The sleeves are frayed and moths have eaten at the collar. But Sherlock’s had it for only seventeen days. He exhales. Relief. That’s the only change. John gets up from his armchair.
He glances to the side as if there were something there. Someone bending over him, whispering in his ear. An impenetrable expression crosses his face. But it only lasts an instant; he looks up again and his eyes are clear.
“Moreover, you just made tea, which would not be out of the ordinary—in fact, you often drink tea when you are upset—had you not brewed only enough for yourself. You always offer me a cup.”
“Fine, fine. But you could at least try to be a little sensitive. It’s a child, for God’s sake. An infant.”
“It’s nearly midnight,” he remarks softly. John does not look up from the water. For a time he watches the quivering reflections of the lamps on the surface, studies the trail of light left in the wake of the fat winter moon.
And lastly another child, a boy this time, small and scared. Pale eyes and a shock of dark hair, slender lips, curiously beautiful. His mother comes as quickly as she can get off work. His father is a soldier. As he explains this, the boy puffs his chest out in pride. John smiles his heartbreak and pushes the boy’s hair back from his forehead. He takes his pulse, makes to tickle his tiny ribs before he remembers, and sends him to bed with his mother following worriedly behind.
“Run another blood test,” murmurs Sherlock at long last, and it is only then that John remembers his authority and threatens to file the police report. Sherlock laughs and points towards the sign regarding visiting hours. John bristles.
He shakes her away. “That’s because I’m always right!” But he does not want to corner himself and his voice softens. “I always jump to conclusions because I always know, before anyone else…” He grits his teeth. “It’s my lot in life, for better or for worse.”
“Right, that changes everything.” John is surprised by the poison in his voice. It is a new thing to him, this core of bitterness from which it wells. He wants to say that with or without Sherlock there is no one on earth who can guarantee his safety, namely because he wants to fucking die. But he thinks Mycroft might already know. “If even
Time goes by. As it does. And then it is a day, a day like any other day; just one of many. John is coming home from the surgery. He works there more and more, these days. Has to pay the bills somehow. He hates it, of course. But it might be a little better than nothing. Might. He hasn’t decided yet, honestly. When he does, well. He thinks he’ll feel a little better, then.
Sand. The bare bowl of the sky. Wanness of light—of light, light, the sun, darting wires, a torch that moves like someone flinching, piercing and insubstantial.
Morphine. A fresh supply came not a few days ago. John has some difficulty finding a vein beneath the blood and dust and sweat, but eventually he can press the needle into the skin. He pushes down on the syringe with his thumb. The boy winces and then his face falls slack again. John needs a sponge. He calls a nurse. She looks at him doubtfully, but does as he asks, and soon beads of water runs down the boy’s forehead, tiny rivulets that gradually carve away the mask of filth and blood. He has been wounded in so many places that John dares not count. He can only hope to make him comfortable.
He can hear and see it plainly. They bring the child inside bent between their arms like a stick broken at the middle. His limps swing limp and bloodstained. He is still breathing. But the sound whistles. They take him to John. They know that John is soft. A faceless official spots them and darts to the side of the bed.
John gets up. Groans in pain a little—his chest is aching, his knuckles bloody—but Sherlock won’t wait for long. It is miracle enough that he hangs in the doorway, watching John in a way that is somehow arch despite his smugness, despite the victory that clings to his face thick and obscuring like a summer fog. He knows he’s won, cracked the case. God knows how. But he knows.
The menu is Italian. Nothing special. John finds it comforting, even though pictures of the food are printed beside the descriptions. For his part, Sherlock opens the menu, flips through it, and shuts it again. John gets a beer. Nothing for Sherlock. In the end John orders ravioli and Sherlock chicken parmesan, although he does so with a sort of begrudging air about him. When the food comes, he does not so much as glance at his fork. John raises an eyebrow.
detective, as emphasizes Lestrade’s subordinate, a young woman with perpetually pursed lips. They are clearly sleeping together; she takes pains to hide the marks at her throat, and he is too careful not to brush against her when they leave the room. Sherlock treats them coldly, and they do not seem surprised.
And was it strange to take tea with Sherlock Holmes? Perhaps. But John wasn’t thinking about that at the time. They sat cramped at the kitchen table with the glimmering test tubes between them and drank from chipped mugs. The cupboards were bare and all Sherlock kept in his refrigerator was a small jar of martini olives (for what cocktail parties, John had laughed, and Sherlock had chuckled softly, and then they had both realized with a jolt of surprise that they must look something like two friends) so despite the murky green color they ate them. Admittedly it was a strange combination because of course ordinary tea seemed out of place with the olives. But all in all, it tasted alright. In fact the conversation (music, medicine, different types of tobacco, anything that came to mind) lent the whole affair a pleasant flavor.
“I’m going to call for a nurse,” he says. “She’ll be taken to the morgue. She has no parents or guardians as far as we know, so there’s nobody to tell, nobody to grieve. It’ll be quick. I’m at least glad for that.” He pauses in turning from the bedside. He bites down on his lower lip and his eyes flicker. Then he makes to reach down and stroke the hair from the girl’s sickly pale forehead one last time.
Sherlock nods. He waits for the panic to show on John’s face. But it never does. In the end there is only the slightest flicker of emotion. Anger winks from the bend of his mouth, the crease of his forehead. But why?
Sherlock plays the violin. John knows this, objectively. He hears it at three in the morning, winding up the stairs; he curses it, considers telling Sherlock to shut up even though he knows it won’t work, and slams a pillow over his head; he thinks, in the unwilling recesses of his mind, that it really is beautiful.
Sherlock stares. “America, I would guess. The queen is already there in the first place.” He cannot comprehend that John is so calm. “But that hardly matters, does it?”
, a cab on a rainy night, handcuffs, falling is just like flying, but really it’s not, because you’re not flying, you’re dead and I’m alone, for three years I’m alone, and yet here you are, right here in front of me, and if it were anybody else I wouldn’t believe it, but it’s you, telling me that the world changes when you sleep, and I’ve said it before  and I’ll said it again: I will never believe you told me a lie.
John made a point to move slowly and carefully as he reached out one hand to touch Sherlock’s reddened cheek. There was a slight warmth radiating off the skin there. Sherlock closed his eyes again and slightly leaned into John’s touch, gently biting his own lower lip. John found himself fixated on that, Sherlock’s white teeth holding the lip captive, so gently. He felt a pull from that sight, and allowed himself to lean forward and kiss that captivating mouth.
“Sherlock,” he growled softly. “Look at me.” Long lashes fluttered as his command was followed, and John maneuvered Sherlock’s head by his hair until their faces were inches apart. Sherlock’s long torso was now pulled away from the tub wall, back slightly arched as he silently peered into John’s eyes. “Listen to me now. I’m going to hurt you, but not a lot.” Stay strong now, he impressed to himself, don’t be distracted by how his pupils just got larger. How his breathing stopped for just a moment, how…oh hell, just focus. “I’m going to give you what you need, but it’s going to be on my terms. Understand?”
John felt a dangerous sort of grin try to spread over his face. It was the sort of manic look shared between boys who had just thought of something dangerous to do in the dog days of summer. Instead he schooled his face into an expression of confidence, one that said he expected any orders issued to be followed immediately. He took the proffered belt and took a long moment to adjust it in his grip (noticing but not acknowledging the way Sherlock’s eyes locked hungrily on that sight) before setting it against the underside of Sherlock’s chin.
“I didn’t do it.” Sherlock’s voice was flat, but John knew him well enough to detect a hint of pride behind the controlled fear. For a moment John didn’t understand what he meant, but as realization dawned on him, hope sprung up before he could caution it.
“I didn’t catch that, you’ll have to speak up.” John made a point to use his ‘doctor voice’, the steady and professionally warm voice that promised good care without judgement.
“Sherlock, I am so, so proud of you,” John murmured softly as he crouched in front of him. “I really am. You had plenty of opportunity to give in, and you didn’t. You did so well.” Taking Sherlock’s head gently between his hands, he turned the other man’s face up toward his own, resting his thumbs right under those prominent cheekbones and holding him in place. Once Sherlock’s eyes met his, John smiled softly for a moment, then hardened his expression just a bit into a mask of concerned command.
They sat like that, just watching the telly in comfortable silence. Sherlock’s continued submissive positioning was an apology for his failings yesterday, a show of gratitude for the support today, and a promise to honor John moving forward. Both men understood that. John settled his hand on top of Sherlock’s head after a while, not massing or a reward, but a claim. Part of Sherlock wanted to resist it, wanted to buck the claim off and run, but it was a small part. Mostly, being claimed made his chest feel tight and warm. He felt loved.
“Tsk tsk Sherlock. You’ll never get any work done from alllll the way over there. I know you know how to give a proper blowjob so get to work. Impress me,” he said the last line with a smug smirk but that wasn’t the part that made Sherlock uneasy, it was what he said before that. He knows? He wasn’t sure how much Moriarty had actually dug up on his past though after The Woman had claimed that Moriarty had nick-named him The Virgin he was fairly sure he hadn’t actually dug too deep. Sherlock was a curious person at heart and he had spent his University years much like everyone else had when it came to sexual experimentation. Apparently he had underestimated the consulting criminal. Again. How stupid of him. He took a big breath to prepare himself before bringing his head a bit closer, in his current position if he stuck his tongue out just a bit it would graze against the bead of pre-come that was still getting ever bigger.
No, John knew that was an impossibility no matter what his endorphin filled brain was trying to convince him of. He would never truly move on or forget about Sherlock, but maybe he could at least feel better about it. Indulge himself in a few fantasies here and there and suddenly the memories and emotions he had connected to Sherlock wouldn’t be so present in his everyday life.
“There’s no easy way to tell you this. I don’t think you’ll like me very much after I do.” She sounds resigned. She’s already accepted her fate. John recognizes the resignation he’s experienced so often himself but it’s not helping his bemusement in the slightest. He wishes she’d stop beating around the bush, then he immediately feels hypocritical for it. Not like he could do much better.
He sets his phone down and rescues the bottle of whisky from the cupboard. He fills a small glass halfway and swallows the bitter liquid in one go, hissing as it spreads across his tongue and throat, enveloping his taste buds. He takes a deep breath, pours himself another two fingers worth and sits back down in his chair.
“I won’t,” John shakes his head slowly. “God, I’m not going anywhere.” He crawls back onto the bed but this time he’s lying down next to Sherlock. He moves his hand off of Sherlock’s which makes the younger man nearly whine before he realizes John only moved it so he could relocate it to around his back, carefully avoiding any of the burnt or cut bits. “I’m right here. It’s okay.” He soaks up John’s comfort like a man dying of thirst and his whole body melts into Johns warm hold. They stay like this, holding each other and drifting around in their own thoughts until a nurse comes to deliver food and they reluctantly part.
Another pause. Sherlock’s lips gliding up and down his neck. Shivers go through John’s whole body as the heat from Sherlocks mouth and hands seems to melt him.
“John… I,” he pauses trying to delay the inevitable. “I understand if you want to move out.” Silence rings for,
Today he opened his closet, pulled out the only black button down he owned and a deep blue blazer he had been gifted last year for Christmas. He wouldn’t usually have accepted such an obviously expensive gift, but Sherlock hadn’t let him refuse and eventually John had just accepted it gratefully. He had known Sherlock could afford it after all. The blazer fit him like a glove, the high quality fabric hugging and hiding him in all the right places and making it seem as if he were taller, somehow. He didn’t have any particularly fancy trousers, but he did have a decent enough looking pair of black slacks. They were a bit loose, he had bought them when he was much stockier, and they weren’t doing anything particularly flattering to his arse but he figured the blazer would be enough to distract from his other, more unfortunate clothing choices.
. He would’ve found a way to get the same end result (everyone safe) without humiliating and embarrassing himself.
Slowly they both go back to their earlier activities, Sherlock looking out the window and John reading his book. Though if they are both spending more time stealing glances at each other than doing much else, it remains unbeknownst to them.
Tears prickle his eyes, threatening to build and build until they fall in thick rivulets down his face but John doesn’t allow them too. He uses every ounce of British stiff upper lip and stoicism to keep the tears at bay. He refuses to cry in this bed twice in a row. He’s not that pathetic. Or, rather he is but refuses to act like it.
“I saw you and you looked so sad and I couldn’t imagine. If I felt so horrible about what the papers were saying, how must you have felt? I thought it was fate. I could meet you, find out what Sherlock had really been like and then I could write an article. Some amazing exposé about ‘The Truth of Baker Street’ or something.” She sounds passionate, John has to give her that. At the very least he knows this wasn’t an act. He got the feeling Mindy wouldn’t be this convincing of an actor.
“Why does everyone keep saying that?” This was a good choice of words he decided, seeing as John’s fist and jaw unclenched and instead he looked more confused than angry.
“Mindy… Listen, I didn’t mean to- I didn’t realize-“ His hasty drunken rambling is put to a halt by Mindy’s shaking head. She looks at him with the saddest most forgiving smile and John wants to cry. Wants to cry for hurting this girl who’s been nothing but kind to him. He is such a twat.
John hasn’t wanked off to Sherlock since the couch incident. He’d had the occasional, very brief, fantasy about his friend but he snuffed those out quick, not wanting to indulge. Tonight John doesn’t even think about it as he breathes in Sherlock and danger and
. Slowly the younger man shook his head, still not able to look John directly in the eye but settling for his forehead where John (hopefully) wouldn’t be able to tell if he was looking him in the eye or not. John however, clearly didn’t have that issue. He was looking at Sherlock with intent, the way Sherlock himself looked at interesting dead things.
“Your technique was wonderful darling but your etiquette afterwards could use a little improvement, we can always work on that in the future though.” Wiping the remaining bile from his swollen lips he looked back at Moriarty who was smirking tucking himself back into his pants and pulling up his trousers. “Well, I’ve had a blast, but I do believe it’s time to take off. You know the drill, murderers to consult terrorist organizations to lead, but I’m sure we’ll see each other soon.” With one last wink the consulting detective turned and began walking out of the warehouse with his two lackeys following closely behind. It took barely a second after the warehouse door slammed shut behind him for Sherlock to feel a hand placed carefully on his back and John popped into view. His face was pale, far paler than Sherlock had ever seen and his eyes had the look of a man out to kill. Sherlock couldn’t help flinching at the sight, sure the anger was for him. How could John ever forgive him after that? After what he did and put him and everyone through. John wouldn’t want to be his friend anymore, much less want anything to do with him… romantically? Sexually? Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what he himself wanted after that confusing ordeal.
for me Sherlock. That does a hell of a lot to balance the scales, okay? Friendship isn’t about martyring yourself to benefit the other person. That’s… that’s incredibly selfless yeah? But just… not good for my mental health.”
in the pit of his chest. This man who knows how to heal bodies and break them and seems determined to do both to Sherlock. He doesn’t know what he ever did to have John Watson fall in his life but he is beyond thankful to whatever Gods exist that he did.
It felt silly but he still held some resentment for the DI after everything that had happened a month ago. It was silly because John understood it really wasn’t Greg’s call in the end. He had been ordered to arrest Sherlock by his higher ups and it’s not like he could refuse that, but he still found it hard to fully forgive the detective. It still felt like a betrayal.
The tube was a safe-zone. He didn’t have any particularly strong memories tying Sherlock to that particular mode of transportation (there was the time Sherlock had ridden all the way home on the tube covered in pig blood but he hadn’t been there so it was easy enough to block out) and so it was safe enough to ride all the way to his destination without being hit with a Sherlock-trigger.
He was startled from his thoughts when a body came into his peripheral view and sat down right next to him. He turned his head to take in the new occupant of the seat and saw a very pretty girl. She had dark brown hair tied into an intricate fishtail braid that blended nicely with her deep olive toned skin. Her eyes were round and bright, filled with a kind of young naivety that John hadn’t had himself in years. Maybe he had never had it.
“Ah-ah darling, wouldn’t want to do anything violent now, would we? I doubt it would bode very well for your friends here.” Sherlock reluctantly relaxed his coiled fist and let a heavy breath out through his nose, as his mouth was still gagged. “There we go, good boy!” He pet Sherlock’s head softly before kneading his fingers back through the locks and forcing him to look back up at all of his friends faces.
What was he doing acting so casually in the first place? He could only imagine what Lestrade and John must be thinking of him right now. He felt his whole body fill with shame and all of a sudden all he wanted to do was hide under the thin hospital blanket so that no one could see him. So that no one could see through him and see how disgusting he really was. He felt mortified.
The alcohol only seems to be fuelling his energy, filling him with that pleasant buzz of contentment that he always finds after a few sips of something strong and he finds he would very much like to share it with somebody. Months ago, John wouldn’t have been able to think of anyone to ring, too bitter at old friends for events out of their control and too sucked into his own apathy and self-pity to go find new ones. Now a name easily comes to mind.
“I already told you I was fine.” John shook his head and the sad little smile on his face made Sherlocks heart hurt, which was unfair really. Wasn’t enough of him hurting already? Why did John have to go and make the one part of him that was unscathed hurt?
did he resent it. He had been resenting everyone lately. Every well-meaning phone call or condolence card he received felt like a stab in the throat. It reminded him of when he had been invalided home from the army. Everyone had treated him just like they were now, carefully and tactfully as if he were broken. All except one.
“You have always seemed so sure of that. That he is – was – a good man.” The whole time he spoke it was to his beer but he could still sense Greg’s eyes on him, trying to pinpoint where he was going with this. “I mean, I was too. Always have been. I shot a man for him the first full day we knew each other.” Greg shifted a little uneasily next to him and coughed pointedly. Greg knew about Jeff Hope. He knew that John was the one who had taken his life that night. He knew, but they had never spoken it out loud, both of them choosing ignorance over any sort of confrontation. In fact, ignoring undesirable facts seemed to be a theme in their friendship. “I don’t know how I knew he was a good man. I could immediately understand why I thought he was incredible; that much was obvious to anyone. I think it took a while of living with him to fully understand how
“Good. Things have been good.” He lied without thinking. John shakes his head. That isn’t right. “Well, actually, things have been pretty rough.” It still seems like an understatement but he doesn’t need to divulge any more than that. That’s not what this phone call was about. “I think I’m getting cabin fever, actually. And I’m getting short on cash. I was calling to see if my position as a GP is still open or not?” Sarah sighs, loud and relieved and John feels his whole body ease, any doubts in his mind now put to rest.
“I’m sorry I said that.” Greg’s voice is full of self-reproach and he’s still scratching his head absentmindedly. “It’s just this case has me thinking about him. More than I usually do, that is.” He takes another sigh and sip of his drink.
more. Because you can’t do this again Sherlock. If I ever… If I ever have to sit next to you in a hospital room again knowing that I could have done something to prevent it that will… It won’t be good. I can’t handle it. So please, Sherlock, for your own well-being and mine promise you won’t pull the damn martyr card again.”
“When Sherlock and I first started working together… He was a mess. Way worse than he ever was while you two were… together.” He trails off awkwardly, looking at John carefully, waiting for him to deny or correct his assumption. John doesn’t do either.
“Three minutes Sherlock, might want to get started on the next hand now. That looked preeeetty unpleasant and I’m sure you’d hate for Mr. Detective Inspector over here to have to take your place.”
“Hush. No buts. He kidnapped and threatened our lives, all our lives, yours included. He gave you impossible choices where you did what you thought was best. You – God, you were incredibly brave through that Sherlock.”
“When will I be able to check out of here?” he was hoping it would be soon, he hated hospitals and was already missing the familiar comfort of Baker Street but going by the look on John’s face he knew he wouldn’t be getting his wish.
“Sherlock? You awake?” He turned his head a bit to the side to properly look at Greg seated next to him. The detective inspector looked worn and exhausted. He had clearly just been nodding off and was looking at Sherlock through bleary eyes. He still had blood splashed across the front of his shirt from when he’d dragged Sherlock out of the warehouse earlier. He lifted his hands up to try and rub the bleariness out of his own eyes but his progress was halted by Lestrade’s rough hand wrapping around his wrist and gently bringing it back down to the bed. “Probably not the best idea,” he nodded towards Sherlocks bandaged hands. “They wrapped you up to make sure your nails didn’t get infected. Said it was important not to do anything that could tear them back open.” Sherlock was already beginning to feel annoyed at the inconvenience of not being able to use his body efficiently but reluctantly relented and went back to blinking.
“’What he did to me’” Sherlock quoted. “Greg said that earlier as well and it made just as little sense then as it did when you said it just now. Technically he didn’t do anything to me. Well, other than kidnap me of course,” he added the last part as an afterthought. He knew he was rambling. It was probably the bloody morphine. He should really have a talk with John about getting his dosage turned down. John was gawking at him, looking slightly horrified and, again, painfully sad. Sherlock hated that it seemed like all he could do was make John sad.
What was he doing? Sitting in a musty flat that hadn’t been aired out in months, sat next to empty booze bottles and his dead flatmates ejaculate covered clothes.
True to her word, Sarah’s number is plastered all over John’s phone in the form of missed calls and texts, each one chronologically getting more and more stressed and upset. In one of them she alludes to firing him and he hopes to any God out there she only said it to try and get a reaction out of him.
Sherlock had no clue what to say about that, but John was clearly trying very hard to make an effort (this talking stuff is not easy for him after all) and so he had to make an effort back as well.
John’s libido had seemingly dried up right along the time Sherlock had decided to go diving off Barts’ roof.
“What other choices?” John shot up from the bed now, standing over Sherlock and positively fuming. “Letting a sniper shoot one of us? Was that your other choice? Or maybe you mean the last thing he made you do? Because I know you didn’t want to do that.” If John were anyone else he would probably be shaking right now with how angry he is, but as it is he is perfectly still. Not a single tremor in sight. Sherlock wishes he could say the same for himself.
He isn’t fully aware how it happens, but suddenly Mindy is kneeling in front of him and his dick is surrounded by burning wet heat. He looks down and sees his hand buried deep in dark black hair and that’s all it takes before he’s shaking and gasping
With his decision made up he re-opens his phone and dials her number. It barely takes two rings for her to answer.
All of a sudden it was too much. His head hurt and his throat was sore. His whole body hurt. He could feel John and Lestrade’s nervous glances. He couldn’t stop imagining the feeling of Jim Moriarty’s hand in his hair, stroking his curls as though they were lovers, his penis between his lips and his hot come sliding greedily down his throat. One gagging cough was all he got in warning before he was vomiting in his mouth.
“See? Just the fact that you even see it that way is just… it wasn’t your responsibility, Sherlock, or whatever other silly excuses your using. We’re all friends. You, me, Greg… Maybe not Anderson and Sally but that’s neither here nor there. We’re friends and friends help each other through shit. Friendship doesn’t involve the constant sacrificing of one person. In those situations we’re meant to - to help each other. You get it?” Sherlock must look as baffled as he feels because after John musses up his hair again he continues. “Okay, let’s do this then. You remember when Greg told you to let him take his round?” Sherlock nods. “That was him being your friend. Trying to shoulder some of the burden so it didn’t all land on you.”
“I beg to differ.” They both just look at each other, not quite having anything to say and yet not ready to part.
He looked on the floor beside his bed and saw a shattered glass with a small puddle of warm whiskey coating the shards. That would explain the noise. He must’ve dropped it in his sleep.
After he had thoroughly washed himself and no longer smelt like stale alcohol he scrubbed himself dry with a towel and wrapped the piece of fabric around his quickly slimming waist before heading up to his room to get dressed for the day.
He gets trapped like that, glued to the spot and only able to berate himself for not doing better for not being better for not being a better man but that in itself is unproductive and makes him even angrier at himself.
he thinks he deserves some time to take that in. He is still gaping at her and stewing in his own pissed off thoughts when she picks the one-sided conversation up again.
To his surprise though John only gave him a fond if not exasperated smile. “With the kind of injuries you have its safer and more convenient to stay in hospital for the time being. I promise we’ll go home when it’s a bit safer but until then it’s better if you stay put.” Sherlock tried his best to look pouty though he swore he felt his heart take a physically leap when John called 221B home. In fact, he knows his heart sped up because he could hear it on the heart monitor. How embarrassing. He took a few deep breaths to try to calm it down before John or Lestrade noticed the irregularity.
“Yeah, they had to put you on painkillers and give you a blood transfusion,” he pointed towards the second I.V. bag full of red liquid. “You lost a lot. We were worried for a bit you were going to bleed out but they managed to prevent that. They’ve got your chest and arm stitched up but they had to do a surgical procedure on both your hands and shoulders. You’re burns are the worst of it. Third degree. They bandaged you up quick to prevent infection and they already excised all the necrotic tissue and debrided all the bullae but they’ll still need to-“
She leaves and the sound of the door closing, though just as gentle as he had come to expect things from Mindy, echoed through the flat and made John ache with loneliness. He couldn’t move for a moment, just staying stuck. Frozen to the floor with his own shame and guilt as shackles. Though they were invisible to the eye they were heavier than any steel or metal could hope to be. His mind is on a permanent rewind, replaying the same loop over and over again of what just happened. He’s already feeling slightly mournful of their relationship and it’s now lost future. Mindy had been good. Good for him. She was sweet and kind and really very pretty, even if she wasn’t John’s usual type. He had begun to feel quite fond of her as well. He knows technically they haven’t broken up yet, but how could they not? It would be too much to ask of anyone to deal with his mountain of baggage. Now Mindy would just end up feeling like a stand in for Sherlock, and would John really be able to assure her that wasn’t true?
His phone chose this moment to go off loudly, demanding his attention and making him startle in his chair. The sound also made his head give a twinge and he was painfully reminded of the hangover he was sure to have.
“What? What the hell are you on about now?” Sherlock sighs. It’s so like John to do this. To put aside his own feelings to spare Sherlock’s but he can’t let him keep doing that. He needs to be selfless and help John for once.
He had tried to find release afterwards, hoping it would work as some sort of hormone fuelled endorphin pick-me-up but he hadn’t accomplished it. It was a challenge just to achieve an erection, much less do something about it once it happened. Whenever he would try to fantasize, thinking of soft plush breasts, breathy feminine moans and damp heat around his cock his brain somehow always found it’s way back to reality and the breasts and moans and sex filled visions would morph into his best friend laying dead on the side walk with his own brain matter surrounding him. Needless to say, that was a turn off. John chalked it up as a failure and figured his libido would kick back up when it was ready. It wasn’t unusual, he knew. He had seen plenty of cases where significant trauma or mental illnesses such as depression, which he was sure he had been dabbling in as of late, could lead to significant decrease in sex drive. He wasn’t old enough yet to have to worry about any dysfunctions or permanent lack of sex drive and it’s not like he’d had anyone to put a sex drive to use with, so he had just put it off and didn’t give it much thought. At the time he’d had much more pressing matters to concern himself with. Such as planning his best friends funeral.
John’s first day is a blur. Between the fuzz of the hangover and the over-flow of emotions this morning, John is on autopilot. He spends the day sitting behind the familiar desk, in the familiar office talking to the same familiar patients that always frequented the clinic. He listened to complaints, did check ups and wrote prescriptions. At lunch he walked over to the small bakery a block away and got an assortment of cakes and coffees for the receptionists. They are far more friendly to him for the rest of the day and smile at him when he leaves for home.
“What you always wanted to tell him. What you’ve been holding back.” John thought back to what he had just said trying to move past the blind anger he felt at the moment. He didn’t remember saying anything particularly enlightening. Just stated the obvious really. His best friend, the man he loved had died and—Oh. Loved. The man he loved.
The one good thing that seemed to come out of his extended hospital stay was that he and John were getting quite a lot of alone time. John refused to go home and so the nurses had set up a cot in the room so he didn’t have to sleep on the uncomfortable chair the whole time. Of course, they always had quite a lot of alone time at Baker Street as well but things seemed different here. They had grown to have quite a bit more casual touching than they had ever taken part in back in 221B. After the first night where John had held Sherlock’s hand as he fell asleep Sherlock had woken to find John still holding him, stroking the exposed skin softly with his thumb and it never really stopped. Of course a lot of touch was necessary what with Sherlock being incapacitated and all. John would carefully place his finger tips on the small of the younger mans back when he needed help lifting his body out of bed, he helped with changing his bandages and cleaning his wounds and even shaving in place of the nurses from time to time and he had even helped Sherlock change a few times at the beginning of his stay when his fingers were still tender, sensitive and very very sore.
He snapped his fingers and four laser sites appeared, finding there way to each of the spectators, resting right above each of their hearts.
? Really Lestrade, this sedative isn’t strong enough to make me believe that,” he decided against informing Lestrade that he wasn’t worried and tried to hide the relief he felt to know that John was still in the hospital. He was surprised, but the more he though about it the more it made sense. John was an army Doctor. He healed people, he cared about them and their health. He would want to make sure Sherlock was healed and cared for before he left him.
“Well, I suppose who goes through this round doesn’t reaaaaally matter much. I do still have some more tricks up my sleeve. Though I think I’ll leave the choice up to Sherlock here. Sherl honey, what do you think?” A flash of relief passed over Lestrade’s face as if he actually expected Sherlock to let him do it. Though as soon as he saw Sherlock viciously shaking his head the relief was completely replaced with a new bout of horror.
, John’s own inner voice added. John sighed. He was sick of his inner dialogue. He desperately wished he knew of a way to turn it off.
She doesn’t wait for his response before hanging up and John is left listening to nothing but a lonely dial tone.
He gazes at the gun still held tightly in his right hand. Slowly he brings it closer, guiding it right between his lips. He closes his eyes, but not before checking if the safety’s on. It isn’t.
“Nothing. Forget I said anything. It hardly matters now does it?” It didn’t. Sherlock was gone and John would never get another chance to do something about it.
Mindy takes a deep breath. Her fingers are picking at the envelope. John thinks he can see a small tear forming.
“Look, Mindy. I’m sorry. What happened last time was… horrible. I – I’d had too much to drink, I think,” the admission hurts but it’s
“We also ran tests for any STD’s or STI’s,” Doctor Richards said with a quick glance of sympathy at his patient. Sherlock felt the colour drain out of his face. He had almost forgotten about that part of the ordeal, but now that it was brought up it seemed to be all that he could think about.
But of course, instead of doing what any good friend would do he yelled at him, insulted him and than ran off.
thing in this flat seemed to now be a trigger for him and his eyes landed on the yellow painted smiley face that Sherlock had decorated with bullet holes.
“I made the choices John! I didn’t have to do anything. I had other choices I could have made and I didn't!”
“I have met someone actually.” He doesn’t quite know whether to be amused or insulted by Mrs. Hudson’s look of complete shock.
After the shirt was safely in the washing machine and the cycle was on he heaved a sigh and took a moment to get his head together. It was 10AM and he was meeting Lestrade at 7PM. That left him with nine whole hours to get his shit together.
“Not the brightest, are you?” Moriarty glanced at Lestrade with an amused tilt to his smile. “If it were already enough all four of you would be untied and on your way home to do whatever it is you ordinary little people do,” he drawled out ‘ordinary’ as if it were a gross taste on his tongue, “However, I have been extremely excited to feel that pretty mouth wrap around my prick since I first saw it. No way I’m passing this precious little opportunity up.”
Moriarty seemed pleased with his performance and carefully slid the knife out of his slightly shaky hand. He tossed the shaking up to blood loss and nothing more. He took a moment to glance at the others. Anderson seemed to be calming down, Sally was still and silent, Lestrade looked like he was either going to be sick or go on a homicidal rampage and John… John had lost the edge to his anger, and was now looking quite pale as well.
“How’s about you just let us handle the walking for now?” Lestrade’s gruff voice registered in his ears and he felt himself nod.
“Me too.” And it’s true. He hadn’t expected to but he had. It had been a truly lovely evening. The conversation flowed smoothly and Mindy had a great sense of humour. She was beautiful and kind and maybe just what John needed right now. “Thanks for letting me get all that out. About him, I mean. I’m sure you weren’t expecting to listen to me prattle on this much.” She shook her head.
“Good job sweet heart,” his hand gently patted down Sherlocks sweat soaked curls, “Don’t forget the rest of it now.” Sherlocks jaw clenched tightly glaring at the last article of clothing standing between him and Jim’s engorged cock. They were posh looking black boxer briefs, eerily similar to the pairs Sherlock owned (which he would be burning when he got back home), they were new; no more than a month or two old and still smelled faintly of laundry detergent, once you got past the thick smell of musk and pre-come that is. At least he had the cleanliness factor going for him, though he supposed that would fly out the window as soon as he got to the actual point to all this. His hands were still far too wrecked and shaking to use easily and he assumed that Moriarty’s “no blood stains” rule still applied, so reluctantly and with a hefty amount of trepidation he bit down on the waist band of his pants and slid them down until his whole cock was uncovered. He was already near fully erect and as his prick became uncovered it slapped lightly into Sherlocks cheek, leaving a disgusting splotch of pre-come that made the younger man shiver in repulsion. He tried not to stare at his erection though it was a tad difficult to avoid when it was literally in his face. It was uncircumcised, thick, and only a bit longer than his own.  It also had a large white bead of pre-come dangling precariously on the head threatening to roll further down the shaft. He pulled his head away unconsciously not wanting to be so close to it.
Sherlock tried not to gawk at the DI. That had not been what he was expecting and he had no clue where Lestrade had gotten such a ludicrous idea from. “Lestrade…” he started, his voice gentle and purposeful in the way he usually reserved for trauma victims and, on occasion, Mrs. Hudson. It felt strange to be talking to Lestrade like this. “It wasn’t up to Moriarty. Not really. It was my choice and you can hardly be blamed for my actions.” The DI shook his head, looking up at Sherlock with glassy eyes.
. If it weren’t for Moriarty’s personal obsession with me than none of you would have been put in harms way in the first place. None of the things I did back there were ‘selfless’ or ‘incredible’ or the act of a martyr. They were my responsibility.” John shakes his head, looking disbelieving.
“If you finish that sentence the way I think you’re going to I’m going to kick your posh arse, injuries or no.” Sherlock falls quiet. “Let’s get this well and fucking straight, alright?” Johns cheeks are flushed with anger. “It was not your fault. It was not your fault that we were kidnapped. It was not your fault that you got tortured. Whether someone else administered the torture or not you were still put in a situation you had no control over and were hurt. The only person who has any blame in this situation is that bastard Moriarty. Okay? He’s the one who kidnapped us, he’s the one who arranged your torture and he’s the one who bloody assaulted you and tried to humiliate you.” John’s nostrils are flared out a bit and his breathing is uneven and heavy. Sherlock sort of sees where John is coming from, it makes sense in a way, but it still doesn’t feel right.
Ever since Sherlock left, John had found himself taking the tube more and more frequently. Before he had almost always opted for a cab. Him and Sherlock had always been darting around London, needing to get from point A to point B as quickly as possible and the tube was far too much fuss. Sherlock had always hated the tube as well. He had never put it into words but John suspected Sherlock found crowds of people incredibly overwhelming. With a brain like his that’s impossible to shut off and always looking for stimulation he assumed that someplace where you’re trapped with a large number of people to deduce and observe would be mentally exhausting. It could have also just been that Sherlock preferred a more private mode of transportation. He wasn’t big on people in the first place and a quiet and secluded cab was a far better place to think and breed conducive thoughts than an overcrowding subway carriage.
A few days later and John finds himself sitting on Sherlock’s bed with his gun laid out carefully in front of him.
“New breakthrough? You mean me admitting that I love my best friend? That I love him and I bollocksed it up completely because I was too bloody
“Oh! The detective! My younger brother read about him in the papers all the time. He loved his funny hat…”
“I – What?” He stutters, wishing she would give him more, tell him what to say to make it right, to be better, but she doesn’t. She just shakes her head.
“Now, we both know I don’t want you dead yet Sherlock, the time for that is still a bit far off but I don’t particularly care about these four,” he sneered. “As far as I’m concerned they’re expendable. So!”
“Hey, you don’t have to do that. Put up a front like that. It was a stupid question, anyways. Of course you’re not okay. If you were you wouldn’t be here in the first place.” Sherlock finds himself shaking his head.
” He shakes his head and huffs. “We had been working together for a few months and honestly I didn’t trust him a bit.” John hadn’t expected that. Greg always seemed so trusting in Sherlock’s word that it seemed impossible to imagine otherwise.
Apparently John mistook the flinch for one of pain though, for his face instantly grew guilty. “Christ! Sorry, sorry. Did I hurt you?” Sherlock shook his head mutely, confused by the concern on the doctors face. Why was John apologizing anyway? He zoned out slightly and heard Lestrade talking to Anderson and Donovan behind them. Barely half a minute later Lestrade came up to kneel beside John, staring at Sherlock with the same concerned grimace. He was pale too, his hands were also slightly shaky and he looked as if he were about to be sick. Sherlock knew that feeling well.
talking about Sherlock. He tells her about the day they met, the hope and excitement he had felt and how that had all come crashing down when he watched him jump from the top of a roof. He tells her about all the bits in between. How Sherlock used to wake him up to loud 2AM violin concerts or gunshots. He tells her how quiet the flat seems now and how much he misses the noise, which is odd because for most of the time they were living together John wanted to strangle him for being so noisy. He mentions the body parts in the fridge and laughs at her horrified expression, which in turn makes him laugh and she asks if he’s really serious. Of course he is. This is Sherlock Holmes he’s talking about.
“Sherlock…” John spoke slowly, as if talking to a small child who wasn’t understanding a difficult concept. “He is the reason you’re sitting in a hospital bed. He’s the reason you have third degree burns all over the top of your torso. He-“ John meant to go on but Sherlock didn’t let him. He could feel himself getting angry. All this was his fault! Why wasn’t John getting that? Why didn’t Greg? Why did no one seem to understand that this is what Sherlock deserved? He had lost Moriarty’s game and this was his punishment. The longer thay kept acting this forgiving the angrier they would be when they inevitably came to their senses and realized how wrong Sherlock had been. How foolish and careless he had been and how they had nearly gotten hurt because of it.
“Sorry deary!” he cast Lestrade an apologetic look and motioned for one of his men to put his gag back on. Lestrade thrashed and grunted but the men were much stronger and had better leverage, resulting in his gag being forcefully stuffed back in his mouth. “Seems like little Sherlock here is a bit of a masochist,” he handed the knife over to Sherlock with a wink.
John had just come to the realization that he loved Sherlock, he wasn’t sure if he was ready to face the fact that dreaming about his dead friend had brought his cock back to full health as well. He hears a chuckle fill the room and belatedly realizes it’s coming from his own mouth. Leave it to Sherlock Holmes to continue healing him even from beyond the grave. As glad as he was to see his penis back in working order it still felt… wrong somehow. Surely dreaming about your recently passed friend and getting a hard on from it is a no go?
does he. It feels like a floodgate has just been released in his brain and all he’s been thinking about Sherlock suddenly comes out. Once he starts he can’t seem to
“No! He didn’t do that to me John. I did that to me. I burned myself. I cut myself. That was all me. Every bit of it.”
and Mindy deserves the truth. “I wasn’t thinking. Couldn’t think. I just… I just wasn’t thinking. It didn’t mean anything. I’m so sorry.” He’s getting repetitive and not making much sense. He’s always been terrible at the communication aspect of relationships and clearly trial and error wasn’t making him any better.
hadn’t lashed out and insulted him he may have felt he didn’t have to do it, didn’t have to go. Maybe if he had just been more supportive, more caring Sherlock would have felt safer, would have stayed instead of leaving him all alone.
“John…” he didn’t have to say more than that, John could read his answer in his eyes just life he could read Johns fear and panic in his.
“How have you been?” Ella spoke, trying to get him to share with her. Share his emotions, his thoughts, his feelings. The problem was that John didn’t have any to share.
“You know, I’m not quite sure. I think I may have to repeat it to get more accurate results.” Sherlock smiles. He feels giddy. John is making him feel giddy.
“Kept twirling that umbrella of his around and barking orders at the staff. Why the hell does he always have that bloody umbrella with him anyways? It isn’t even raining today.” Sherlock snorted at Greg’s genuine bemusement over Mycroft’s choice in accessory.
Moriarty stooped down lower, giving Sherlock’s head another harsh jerk back and baring his throat even further, looking for all the world as if he was about to dig the knife in and sever his artery, causing the rest of them to make even more of a commotion. Instead he whispered gently into his ear.
“I’d say we’re ready to begin now - oh - but keep the gag in. I’d say it’s quite a good look on you.” Behind Moriarty Sherlock heard John let out a low growl. “All right, now I’m giving you ten minutes to make yourself bleed. I want you twisting in agony, and to know that you’re doing it to yourself. These ordinary people do nothing but hold you back. They stop you from reaching your full potential, your full potential that I could so easily help you achieve. You torture yourself everyday trying to live in their world… let’s make that metaphor a reality, shall we sweetheart? Torture yourself Sherlock. I want to see you bleed. Bleed enough to satisfy me and the first pet won’t die.”
“They said such awful things about him in the papers and on TV. That must have been so hard on you. I can’t imagine… not only to lose a friend but to have so many people speaking poorly of him.”
It wasn’t like John had never let Sherlock slip into his fantasies before but it had never been like that. Before, when Sherlock had only been in the room right below him while John lay in bed at night getting himself off, he had allowed only the barest glimpses of dark curls and deep baritone moans waft their way in. Innocuous and ambiguous little glimpses that he could pass off as harmless without outright admitting he was using his best friend as wanking fodder. This time had been far from ambiguous.
“Oh! Wait!” The consulting criminal ordered, his voice was loud and it echoed off of the warehouse walls. “I almost forgot. You do have another option, though I doubt you’ll find it any more appealing than this one.” Sherlock really couldn’t think of anything that could be worse than what he was about to do.
John does. He feels him everywhere. Along his neck and the bottom of his jaw, the sweet spot behind his ear only his girlfriends had ever known about, Sherlock’s warm hands tracing down his chest and the pleasant heat turning his muscles to mush. The solid heat is moving over his arse now, teasing down his thighs until they come up between his legs and suddenly the heat is too hot. John and Sherlock, the heat from both their bodies joining together and turning everything to molten lava. John is sweating and panting and spreading himself wider wanting to feel the younger man everywhere, wants the heat from Sherlock’s body to consume him, swallow him up until he’ll never be cold again.
“That may be true Johnny Boy, but so is your gal pal Sherlock over there,” he smiled at Sherlock in a grotesquely fond way. Sherlock supposed that was true. Moriarty may have been the one that thought up the game but Sherlock was the one playing it, there’s no denying a person would have to be rather mentally deranged to do either. However Sherlock wasn’t mental enough not to know an obvious choice when he saw one. Giving his arch-enemy head was hardly the way that he wanted to be spending his time and his teeth began grinding together at the very thought of having to give the disgusting vile man any iota of pleasure and yet willingly making himself blind was far worse. Fellatio would be over in a half-hour at most where as going blind was permanent. “We’re really one in the same he and I. Maybe all this will help show him that.” Sherlocks jaw clenched. They may have similarities but he was not Moriarty. He would never allow himself to become like this.
“D’nno…” Sherlock mumbles from where he had just been flirting with an afternoon nap on the bed. Carefully, yet not carefully enough to avoid making himself wince in pain, he lifts his upper body up so he’s propped in a seated position. He reaches over and snags the card from where it’s nestled snugly amid the red roses and prickly thorns. He begins to read and feels his face drain of colour.
How easy it would be, he thinks and let's the fantasy wash over him. He imagines pulling the trigger, runs through that split second of adrenaline and fear and
“Did your mother know?” Greg scoffs. “It turns out that her father had been sexually abusing her since she was little. The mother knew about the whole thing too, but I guess he was pretty heavy handed with her and she kept quiet. It’s disgusting. I can’t believe some people. So one day the kid loses it. I don’t know what made that particular day her breaking point but she couldn’t take it anymore. Killed her old man while her mother was out and when the mum got home and found out she helped her cover it all up.”
John wakes up with the worst hangover to ever exist. His whole head feels tight and angry, his body, though having just spent a night on Sherlock’s posh bed with 300 thread count sheets is sore and stiff and he feels absolutely exhausted in spite of any sleep he may have gotten. For the first hour or so of consciousness John is far too consumed by physical agony to think much about what happened last night, though he can still feel it just barely at the back of his head, waiting for the perfect moment to strike. In the meantime, John slowly and cautiously ushers himself out of the bed and herds himself into the kitchen. His eyes scrunch up as the brighter light of the kitchen sends a fresh shot of pain to his already tight and sensitive eyes and he gropes blindly in the cupboard for his hangover pills. He slips them in a glass of water and sips it, slipping into the lounge and dropping in his soft red armchair. The worn fabric cuddles him up and molds to his body instantly, like it had been waiting all this time just for him to sit down again.
“Mrs. Hudson,” John sighed. “Sherlock and I weren’t together. I- I wanted to be… I think, but it never did happen.” It feels strange to admit out loud. To share with someone else the thoughts that have been brooding in his head for weeks. He doesn’t look at Mrs. Hudson now. He equally expects her to look both shocked and smug and he knows he’d deserve both of those reactions.
He can’t remember anything apart from dark black hair stretched tight over his knuckles. It had shocked him because it had been so close to the fantasies he had used to indulge in, only it was Sherlock kneeled before him with his mouth full.
“I do have a question though, that I believe you’d be more qualified to answer,” he heard Lestrade huff gruffly beside them and turned to see him looking rather put out. Sherlock softened his features slightly, though it was hard when he just wanted to hide under the covers and stop anyone from looking at him. “I meant because of his medical expertise.” Lestrade nodded and the hurt ebbed away.
With a tinge of guilt John deleted the message. He felt bad about it, she was a nice girl and he was flattered that she’d taken an interest but he really wasn’t fit to start a relationship, messaging back would only be unfairly leading her on.
of the door opening. Sherlock would get startled, try to pull away but John wouldn’t let him. Not when he was so close. He’d pull Sherlock back, forcing him to impale his mouth on John’s swollen cock and the feeling of Sherlock’s throat straining and stretching around his cock would send him
die. He continued stroking up and down, up and down. His head was swimming and he could hear his own heavy breaths filling the air. His legs were spreading wider, begging for more contact, aching for the sensation he had been denied for so long.
“Good is an improvement. Have you attempted to get out of the flat since we last met, like we discussed?”
“I don’t think I’m really in a place for starting a new relationship. I just don’t see it working out.” Ella didn’t respond and seemed to process this for a moment, looking at John as if she was solving a puzzle. It reminded him vaguely of how Sherlock used to stare at him, like he was some great problem that needed figuring out. It was different now though. John had never minded when Sherlock looked at him like that, though he knew other people tended to find it rather uncomfortable. When Sherlock stared at him he felt like he was worth something. Like there was something in him worth taking a better look at. How Ella was staring at him now felt entirely different. It made him feel like something was wrong with him, a broken cog or a loose screw somewhere in the machinery and Ella was just trying to find where exactly it was broken and how to go about fixing him. Her stare made him feel defective.
John was woken up by a sharp crash. The sound felt ear-splittingly loud to him as he slowly open his eyes and roused himself from his whiskey-induced sleep.
Luckily John had seen it coming and grabbed a rubbish bin, hurriedly handing it to Sherlock so he had somewhere to release the bile that wasn’t his own lap.
Her voice has taken on a softer tone and John feels a rush of gratitude for this woman. When things hadn’t worked out with them romantically, John had feared the awkwardness of their failed relationship would seep into their work relationship as well, but his fear had quickly proven to be groundless. Sarah and him still maintained a friendly relationship and she had always been nothing short of professional with him.
He needed to go. Go somewhere, anywhere other than here. He stood up and Ella startled across from him.
“No, someone new actually. We met on the tube the other day.” John found himself irritated by how pleased Ella looked at this new information.
“I’m a journalist.” And with those three words John finally understands. He thinks of every moment since they’d met starting with the tube station. How much of that had she planned? Was their meeting even accidental or had she arranged that? John feels sick. He needs a drink.
“He’ll be better once he gets to hospital. We should get outside so the ambulance can find us easier.” John looked over at Lestrade, “Greg? Help me lift him up.” Lestrade nodded and they both grabbed an arm trying to carefully avoid the wounds but their careful efforts made it no less painful. When he was finally upright and standing they began to maneuver him over to the exit but Sherlock carefully broke away.
He spends the remainder of the morning and early afternoon that way, curled up in his chair, unmoving and dead to the world save for a handful of bathroom and water trips. By 11:30 he’s begun to feel more himself and that is just the opening his mind had been waiting for.
She told him the name of the restaurant they would be meeting at, thankfully one John had never been to before so there was no chance of residual Sherlock memories, and they talked for about fifteen more minutes before hanging up. All in all it was a rather successful phone call save for the bit of messiness at the beginning and John even felt a small trace of what might have been excitement fill him.
“Really?” John asks, though he’s already placing his hand gently back atop Sherlocks. ‘It’s not hurting you at all?” Sherlock shakes his head.
John is restless. He’s anxious and he knows he needs to do something about it. He’s been in the flat too long, only leaving to get groceries or meet up with Greg or Mindy. He’s stopped going to therapy. He just missed a week or two, doesn’t know if he’ll end up going back. He finds himself considering getting a new therapist, one that doesn’t know his life so intimately. He could start over, pick and choose what he wants to say more carefully and keep the more tender things to himself. Ella knows him too well now. She knows when he’s hiding something or holding back. It’s exhausting, quite frankly.
“Seven minutes Sherlock, I’d get a move on if I were youuuu.” Moriarty’s singsong reminder jolts him out of his thoughts and he stares down at the knife with much more determination than before. He can do this. It’s just a bit of pain, it will hurt at first and then eventually it will leave, no point in dragging it out. He just needs to power through and get it done like he did with the torch. His heart was beating in his chest a mile a minute and his hands were shaking so bad he almost thought he’d miss his mark. With one last deep breath out he took the cold metal and plunged it beneath the nail of his thumb.
“I want to know,” he repeats. John stares at him. “I want to know. Is that not reason enough? I cannot stand not knowing things. I am curious and I cannot stand it.” He takes a step forwards with a strange light in his eyes. “Tell me.”
John listens quietly. He’s always been good at that. Sherlock decides to start at the beginning, the very beginning – where else? – and it’s impossibly hard. They’re sitting across from each other in the old armchairs and the afternoon sun forms a lake of light between them.
He finds himself in front of the glass case that takes up the entire back shelf. “This used to be a pantry, you know,” he comments dryly. John rolls his eyes.
In the other room, they’re wrapping the girl in an orange blanket, turning her face from the world. It doesn’t merit saying.
“I had a sandwich around noon,” says John. He turns the page of his medical dictionary. Sherlock knows that he isn’t really reading. “Nothing else since, so I’m a bit peckish, I must admit.”
Apart? John won’t. He won’t. Still, he can’t help it; he goes to Sherlock’s room. He is sitting on the end of the bed, staring at nothing. When John comes in, he looks up, then down again. Strange, that he looks and then looks away. He never does that.
The next day when he materializes at the side of the bed just before dawn, John sets down his clipboard and tells him that perhaps something might be arranged.
He leans forwards. A distance of about three feet separates them. Sherlock does not know what he is doing. His mind races but produces nothing useful. It is as though his thought has melted away and his hands can no longer find purchase, can no longer form ideas and actions from the chaos of his consciousness. He does not know what he is doing. He is hurtling forwards, but towards what destination he does not know. He is frightened but he cannot stop. So be it.
“You’re a madman, then,” he seethes. “Putting this whole thing on the line just because you want a sodding…” He searches for the word and seems to find no luck. He gives a growl to compensate. “Just imagine the hell it would be if you were reported and something got out! Lestrade will have you when we’re through, Holmes. I’ll see to it myself.”
“We’ve got a night left.” He glances back at the infirmary, at the rows and rows of beds filled with the sick, the soon to be dead. “Might as well make the most of it.”
Again, John waits. Sherlock absently runs his thumb over John’s knuckles as he pulls at his own lower lip, a new habit, something he does when he’s far away from himself, adrift in thought, emotion, memory. It’s soft and rhythmic, and John is nearly lulled, lost in it, when he speaks again.
Sherlock puts down the violin and meets his eyes. “For waiting so long. I hope you can forgive me. I was only afraid.”
John swallows. “Thank you.” His pulse thuds. Adrenalin from the explosions? Perhaps. “Thank you, truly. I get the feeling that…” He pauses. “That you don’t say that very often.”
He steps towards the glow of his desk lamp and nearly drops the empty syringe. A figure has materialized from the darkness behind him. It ghosts silently to the edge of the mattress and stares down at the little girl, sleeping at peace under the drugs. For a moment John thinks that Death has crafted a new form, and he tries to frighten him from the bed again. What business has he trifling with a child when he can have his pick of fine young men? What business at all? The girl is not ready but the soldiers are ripe with lead and blood.
The night is deep and black when the last of the morphine exhausts itself and the boy snaps awake with a pitiful cry. John clenches his teeth. He wants him to die. It would be kinder. How long it will take naturally – well, not very long, but the pain must be unfathomable. Oh, how he wants him to die.
Another long silence. When the older boy speaks the timber of his voice cracks, shot through with what he really means. Many hollowed out places and passageways within it. Rare, that.
The man practically spits. “Of course she bloody well informed me! You may have forgotten, but despite popular opinion, I’m actually the head of this operation, not you, Sherlock.” He gestures furiously to John. “Explain yourself.”
Then he kisses him, and Sherlock kisses back, and it’s true—he can’t know, not really, not from looking, or in fact in any other way, and neither can Sherlock.
John takes her hand. Her fingertips are swollen and flushed, and her toes, too, so much that the nails have begun to disappear. He frowns and plucks her from the examination table. She burrows into the crook of his shoulder and her skinny arms seal around his neck. The whole world cannot help but to trust John. He is a good doctor perhaps more because of who he is than his medical degree at all.
Fingers dance down his spine. Lips press against his jaw, his throat, his collarbone, the dip of his navel. The world is real; John closes his mouth and the world is blindingly real. Sherlock feels his back snap from the mattress. An unborn gasp scorches his throat.
Therapy had him suspended like a fragile bridge between realities for a while, and that was alright. He even dreamt a bit. Mundane things: a trip to Tesco, a walk in the park with a faceless girl, sometimes a man, a cloudy sky, feeding the ducks. He got out of the ward and rented a flat. Then he woke up and the Soviet Union had been gone for fifteen years.
She wasn’t truly cold then, either, just bottled away by ambition. It was hard to be an intelligent woman. She couldn’t be respected and loved at the same time. Sherlock didn’t know how to respect or love. But he did kiss her. And they did hold hands. And they were equals. And after they made love for the first time on the rigid mattress in her dormitory, Sherlock forgot himself and fell asleep with his head on her pillow and his heart lost between the sheets. It was a mistake and he was punished.
The color spills from John’s neck to flood his cheeks. He opens his mouth. His pulse sings, a startled bird trapped beneath Sherlock’s thumb. He blinks slowly; his chest seems to swell. An unsteady exhale buoys his reply to the ceiling.
“I had fallen in love with you. Without even…without even trying, and so deeply that when you attacked Moriarty I thought I would die of fear. You had become like…” He pauses. “Like the back of my hand, or is that how the saying goes?” He shakes his head. “Irrelevant. You just existed. You still do. I sincerely believe you always will. And John…” He inhales deeply. “When I woke with my memory back, I remembered two things. The first is that you are not and never have been my husband. The second is that…the second is that I have loved you from when you first looked at me and weren’t repelled by my mind. From when you smiled and said
He got a detective job. He was good with details because they protected him. He was cold and abrasive and mechanical because when you’re already strange, nobody thinks twice if you’re extra strange one morning because you can’t make sense of the world anymore. It was his life. It still is. He has to protect himself no matter what.
It was an accident. He stares at his hands, wishing he could snatch back the words, which hang suspended in the air between them, to save for a better time, when he’s not dizzy from tranquilizer, when he has a plan. He doesn’t want to look at John, but eventually, in a voice that’s soft and full, John says that he loves Sherlock, too.
It is too much. The little boy is whimpering; he can’t even speak. He wouldn’t say anything, anyway. He’s too young to know.
“Quite a handsome date you’ve got there,” he grins. Sherlock sighs. John laughs uncomfortably and shakes his head.
“You can feel free to order something whenever you like,” offers Sherlock as he settles into his armchair, forming the steeple shape with his fingers. “Anything; it doesn’t matter to me, and I’m sure there are a few acceptable places still open.”
At one point John remembers his childhood, recalls the quiet days in the countryside, skinning his knees climbing trees with his older sister. He and Sherlock discover that they did not live so far apart as children, but never so much as laid eyes on each other because Sherlock was homeschooled by a governess who spoke the Queen’s English in its purest form, and John went to a public school down a road which became a river of mud after a hard rain. Sherlock’s mother took tea in a white gazebo overlooking a lawn as smooth as green velvet, cool and isolated in her status; John’s mum set the kettle on a rickety wooden table and called her children and husband around, wiping sticky fingers on her own apron and kissing their foreheads one by one.
“It is a distraction from a certain way of knowing things, that is. But John. I spent three years without you, and I may…something, rather…it’s occurred to me, and I am—well.”
“We couldn’t afford it in the first place.” Mycroft takes another long drink. “And even so, in the end that’s not really the issue.”
There is the scar. His skin is the war and the war is pale, so his skin is pale. The war is John and the war is pale, so John is pale.
“I don’t want to believe this any more than you do,” she croons. “So to contradict myself, why don’t you think about it for a minute? How would it have gotten out?”
That afternoon the rain was a curtain, silent, indistinguishable from the air except for the faint ripple of light off the water. It had descended silently to soak though their clothes and now the roads were fluid, the color of the milky coffee his mother left out on the kitchen table for him on Sunday mornings. Mud clung to his trousers. He and Molly crested the lip of the hill that coursed down onto the countryside. The path was a flood of cloudy water and unhinged clods of earth. Molly stopped.
Molly nods and trembles from the room. The man hesitates at the doorknob, glancing back uneasily at the hospital bed. He is obviously grappling with indecision. What troubles him? Sherlock feels parched for want of knowledge.
Sherlock dips his chin. “It’s late. Shall we fetch some dinner first? Italian, perhaps?” He pauses. “For…old time’s sake, that is.”
