Color him surprised when he listened to Tones bellow out Frank Sinatra at full volume for the first time.
"Widow found another storage facility like the first one that may contain more information that SHIELD wants. Only problem--!" he blocked an incoming attack, punching the soldier in the chest. "--is that it's located somewhere else. It'll take at least another day to reach it."
"What are you talking about? Of course I love you, you know that." Tony shook his head in bewilderment, not understanding what Steve was upset about.
"Hi Pops!" Pete yelled, sending papers flying as he waved excitedly at Steve.
It wasn't like he had any claim over the dark haired genius. They were best friends, very close companions, the leaders of the team and they trusted each other with their lives.
"It'll be alright," he whispered.
"Hawkeye, cover me! I'm going for Ironman!" he commanded through the comm. His gaze was souly on Tony, who was still encased in the armor...and he wasn't moving.
Tony had given Peter his own room within a few weeks just because of how often the kid stayed over. Pete begins to see the team as his family, especially Tony and Steve. He even calls Tony
Tony smirked and nodded,
Was anyone actually taking the tyrant seriously?
"Please tell me you're joking."
Peter felt his heart stutter, anxiety rushing up through his chest to fill his lungs. There was only one person who would know that and have the ability to get his private number.
The kid was extremely young, hardly a teenager, and Steve immediately knew the boy was a science geek like Tony. Not wanting to seem rude, Steve smiled at the boy and held out his hand.
"No!"
Tony was emotionally drained by the time they got home. He was so angry at Fury and SHIELD for trying to force Peter into joining them as a way to keep Spiderman under their thumb. It made him want to destroy the helicarrier and retract all the tech he'd ever given SHIELD. Those assholes would never get their hands on his kid.
"Guess we'll just have to wait and see," Tony admitted. "It's bad enough that SHIELD looks to be interested in recruiting him. The kid hardly looks old enough."
"What?"
"Don't overthink it, Tones."
"You could always stay the night," Peter offered. "It's not like we're short on guest rooms."
"Ironman!"
It is no surprise that Peter gets the most of Tony's kisses.
Sitting in the living room watching the news, folding laundry while Tony worked on his schematics, the steady flow of music from the kitchen where Peter was making double fudge cookies. Those were moments he wanted more than anything.
, all without batting an eye. In return, Steve would sometimes call Tony random pet-names back just to see the genius smile at him. They would hold hands, hug each other often, cuddle on the couch and even sleep together on the massive sofa during late night movie marathons.
Did Tony do something wrong?
Steve comes down to the lab to grab Tony for lunch, walking in to find Tony in the middle of a video chat with his interns. Tony glanced over to him and waved him in, smiling and holding up a finger for him to wait. Steve watched from the sidelines as Tony babbled on about some science thing happening at Stark Industries.
"Hold that thought, Cap."
"Is it heavy?"
"Sir is finishing a phone-call with Ms. Potts, he will join you shortly," JARVIS stated from above.
"I'm so terribly worried, my dear Watson," Tony droned dramatically. "So terribly worried."
"Or he learned it from someone else." Fury spoke up again, leaning his arms on the table with a heavy frown. "A master of magic, for instance."
"You're emotional."
"True, but I'm sure whatever the reason, it was important. You know Thor can't defy Odin," Steve chimed in, giving Tony a reassuring smile.
Which usually meant he would be stuck in the batcave until Steve came to drag him out.
Back at the tower, after everyone was taken care of and the streets cleaned up, Tony ordered a late lunch for everyone and a large order of fresh doughnuts because Peter wanted them.
"Traitor," Clint grouched at Nat, staring longingly at the box in Tony's hands.
"Nat thinks it'll take at least a week, but we're planning for two weeks just in case," Steve explained quietly, trying to smile encouragingly at Tony. "Don't worry, Tones. It'll fly by before you know it."
"Guys? We still need an opening to get these people outta' here," Clint advised over the comms.
Needless to say, it was quite the spectacle to see Tony Stark yell and threaten Nick Fury in fluent Italian all while trying to climb over the agents attempting to hold him back. Very few people had ever seen Fury intimidated, but Tony had made his point that day.
"I will, promise!" Peter cried, waving his phone at them just to show them he had it. He was ready to go and wanted to leave already.
Better to just come out with it and get it over with.
Steve reached into his tactical belt for a pen, turning his attention back to Tony who was trying to get Bruce to argue science with him.
"I'm out!" Peter exclaimed, stuffing another waffle into his mouth. He'd downed at least fourteen waffles by himself, only after going into his explanation that waffles were merely pancakes with abs.
. I didn't think you would approve of anything like that." Tony finished explaining and hoped he hadn't fucked anything up between them with his stupid excuses, even if they were for good reasons.
"See?" Tony shrugged. "He's fine."
"See, here's the thing, Fury. You have no grounds to detain me based only on the
design.
"Y-You--you're..." Peter stuttered.
Tony sighed happily, closing his laptop down and searching for his jacket, "Sorry about that, got caught up in the latest experiment. The kids are pumped to get started on it and needed some help getting everything ready. You ready to go?"
It was late, and by late it was close to midnight by the time they got home. Steve was exhausted, worn down and ready for a hot shower. The tower was pretty quiet, though that wasn't unusual for the late hour.
Tony cried over the call!
"Night Dad, night Pops!" Peter jumped off the roof and swung out above the traffic, his soft
Peter cried indignantly!
"That can not be good for your heart, Tony..."
"Why for didst thou bring-eth this child, Lord Stark?" Clint mocked with a smirk, taking a sip of his coffee.
(See the end of the chapter for
If Doom was surprised by the arrival of the Avengers, he did not show it. In fact, he seemed to have been waiting for them...which was never good.
Steve was technically retired as far as the military was concerned, and if you wanted to get really technical, Steve Rogers as Captain America was not property of SHIELD but of Stark Industry. Howard created the shield, formed SHIELD with Peggy, and co-created the serum. So, by default, SHIELD had no claim over the Captain.
"I will," Pete promised. "Can I go now?"
What Tony had
"Tony--" Pepper groaned from the screen, catching sight of Steve. "Hello, Steve."
"No, the kids right. This is real sand that this guy is wielding. You douse him in water and the sand particles will congeal together," Tony advised quickly, understanding what Spiderman had thought of. "Follow the plan!"
"Bruce is still on the ship winding down. Stress levels got a little too high," Clint explained. "Good job out there, Spidey. Quick thinking."
Natasha soon joined them too, stealing the chocolate and blueberry cake doughnuts for herself. Between Hulk and Clint, two of the boxes had already been devoured.
He knew that he belonged at home, with the team, with Tony and Peter.
After 3
Steve rolled his eyes in fondness for his little genius', "Pete, you'll be too busy keepin' your old man outta' trouble to even realize I'm gone."
"Sorry," Peter coughed. "I have superpowers."
"Blasphemy!" Tony cried, sputtering. "Coffee is better than tea and you wanna know why?"
It should have been, but unfortunately it did nothing to stop the stirrings of jealousy he felt every time he caught Tony's affection directed elsewhere. It was a little silly how something as simple as a wink could make the Captain's stomach clench with mild envy. It wasn't so much to say that Steve didn't show his own affection for Tony though, because he did, quite often in fact. It was very clear to the world that Captain America was protective of Ironman.
"What did you do?"
When the Captain sees first hand just how often everyone else got Tony's kisses, he begins to feel the stirrings of jealousy. What he doesn't understand is
Watching a pissed off Tony Stark scream in fluent Italian while trying to attack Director Fury?
"About what exactly?"
"He's right," Tony agreed. "More espresso, less depresso."
"Just because I was born in a time when men were proclaimed superior to women and homosexuality was illegal doesn't mean it was
Steve smiled softly and waited for the elevator to close before sighing.
"I do."
"And how'd that work out for you guys last time?" Bruce asked quietly, his growing rage diminishing slowly with Thor's gentle pats to his back.
Another fun fact: According to Marvel, Latveria is supposed to be located in the Banat region of Europe. It is divided among three countries: the eastern part lies in western Romania; the western part in northeastern Serbia; and a small northern part lies within southeastern Hungary.
One idiot was enough, he didn't need them both causing more trouble.
"JARVIS, is Peter home yet?"
"Why am I not surprised?"
"Are you trying to break my kid again, Nat?" Steve asked in amusement, walking up to the ring.
You wouldn't give your life for just anyone on a daily basis.
Steve groaned as Pete crawled across the ceiling, doing a great impression of a deranged marionette. Reaching for Tony who was swaying beside him, he pulled the genius against his side to keep him upright.
Just as Clint tried to argue, Tony walked into the kitchen tapping away on his phone. He glanced up as everyone turned to stare at him.
"Not now," Steve whispered quickly, the command clear in his voice. This was not the time to start arguing with Fury. It would only end with Thor's agitation rising and possibly causing Bruce to lose control, the stress becoming too much for him.
"We need a new plan of action!" Thor cried, sending another lightning blast at Sandman only for it to be ineffective. Each lightning strike would only bounce off the villain, the sand forming into glass momentarily before transforming back into sand.
"As do I," Loki smiled mischievously. With a snap of his fingers, the remaining Doom-Bots seized up their motions, sparking out of control, their parts suddenly disconnected from one another. The team watched in surprise as the bots all, literally, fell apart onto the ground.
"Well, invincible Spiderman, we gotta go drag your Dad out of the bat cave for breakfast." Steve nodded towards the door for Peter to follow him, waving to Natasha as he left.
After dealing with SHIELD, Director Fury, the Council and even fucking General Thaddeus E.
Between Tony, Peter and Bruce, they had completely re-designed the Spiderman suit into a custom made nanotech suit that could be called to Peter like the Ironman armor. A simple advancement with a set of bracelets that were designed to recognize Peter's DNA.
"Nat's teaching me her signature move!" Peter stated proudly, rubbing his back with a small wince. "As soon as I can actually do it, it's over for you all during sparring. I'll be invincible!"
"Try it, Loki. They're really good!" Peter insisted, munching down on his own doughnut, smearing chocolate icing on his cheek.
"Besides, with our powers combined we can--" Tony was cut off by his phone ringing. Taking it out of his pocket he grinned.
"You gotta get some rest. You guys have been down here all day and I doubt either of you have eaten anything healthy since I left," he scolded, watching Tony gasp indignantly.
"How'd Loki take it?" Steve asked.
"Coffee also cures depression," Clint piped in.
Tony yelled furiously, speaking so quickly that Fury couldn't even understand half of what he was saying.
"Do I even want to know what you consider those groups to be?"
Looking down at his torn suit, the teen could see various cuts and bruises slowly showing up across his skin.
"Hey!"
he thought helplessly, fighting the urge to hang up. His spidey sense was going off in alarm, a nervous chill coming up his neck as he looked around. From the corner of his eye he noticed a few people that stood out on the street.
son."
(See the end of the chapter for
A moment later, a video came up on the screen and began playing. It was only 47 seconds in total, the camera focusing in on the swinging superhero. The webbing, for lack of a better word, intrigued Tony. He wanted to know what it was made of, was it synthetic? Was it a material? Was it
"I didn't mean anything, Captain," The agent stammered, lowering his eyes abashed. He was clearly uncomfortable with being on Captain America's bad side.
"Ummm...I have s-superpowers?"
"Language," Steve scolded lightly.
It wasn't hard to guess who it was.
Bruce was the first to receive a kiss from Tony.
"Welcome home. Tony and Peter have been in the lab for over 48 hours straight and I can't talk any sense into them," Bruce explained with mild exasperation. "Please help..."
"Better make yourself scarce, Petey."
Clint and Steve were headed up to the common area after a lengthy training session, both men exhausted and dripping with sweat. It had been awhile since it was just the two of them sparring together. Clint never turned down an opportunity to fight against Captain America, even though it was usually for his own amusement half the time.
It was only when Peter Parker, or Spiderman, joined the team that things changed for the better...
"It's a-an honor to actually meet you, Sir, I m-mean, Captain--Mr. Rogers America, Sir." He could have kicked himself for stammering so much.
, clearly disgruntled by Tony's remark. "What else am I supposed to do when I have powers like these? I can't just sit around and do nothing!"
"Make sure you get my hair to look good," Tony grinned.
"October 29th! The banks started to fail during 1930!"
"Do so."
Steve grabbed a fresh pair of socks, slipping them on. He tugged on his shirt and tucked it into his pants, fastening his boots quickly after slipping them on too. His stealth suit was still laying beside Tony, which he grabbed to slide on over his undershirt as Tony stood up. The genius set his mug down and grabbed Steve's utility belt from the bed, wrapping it around the super soldier's waist as Steve secured his stealth armor.
Tony shook his head frantically, his heart racing. "We kept SHIELD away from him for a year, but now they know and they'll try too--"
"Steve, I didn't think you'd be comfortable with it." Tony sighed, already watching the confusion wash over Steve's face. Reaching for Steve's other hand, holding onto them both, Tony tried to make the man understand him.
"Wear a bell!" Tony tried to calm his racing heart a bit, nodding his own greeting to the Captain. "What's up?"
"Steve?" Tony looked up at the super soldier in bewilderment, not understanding what Steve was upset about. "What's going on? You're making me worry."
Steve and Tony shared a look before looking back at Peter, who clearly didn't find
And hotdogs in the park was what he wanted.
Really.
"Tell me he's okay, Pops, because I was watching the news and I saw him go down and then he didn't get back up and JARVIS told me that something was wrong with the suit and I---!" Peter rambled frantically, looking everywhere around them for any sign of Tony.
"You know, I've always wondered why you call yourself
"Tony, answer me!" he screamed. When no response came through, Steve doubled his efforts to reach his fallen teammate. Every bot that tried to block his path was cut down by the shield. Broken pieces of metal littering the road and sidewalks around him.
." Tony scowled down at the steaming cup in his hand, pursing his lips in disgust. Who the fuck buys decaf coffee? It's sacrilege to buy anything other than pure 100% caffeinated coffee!
Stepping close, Steve wrapped his arms around Tony's hips to bring them close, enjoying the blush spreading across the genius' cheeks.
Fury sighed and shut the laptop, shaking his head. The fear on Howard's face as he was murdered, the violent way Maria's neck was crushed...and the gleam of a weaponized metal arm that could only belong to one person.
"Absolutely! I'm your man, Captain!" Spiderman exclaimed excitedly, shooting a web up to pull himself from the ground, aiming towards Ironman and the jet.
“Twenty-three,” Steve replied inwardly grimacing. He did not want the harpy to think his worth was no less than a mountain of gold but Steve had to think about getting at least
It was then that really got them moving up their schedule for what to do but first, they needed to find out more about that explosion and why it happened. Steve was not going to risk anyone else until he had a clear picture.
On Friday Steve was able to work from home taking his company laptop with him on Thursday Steve had all he needed to get this week’s work done from his couch. He pulled his laptop out from the bag and opened it up while turning on some old show reruns he loves to keep on as background noise as he worked. And with that, he logged in and began his sketch designs sketch up of blueprints he helps draw for those who need artists hands to bring their ideas to life on paper.
Steve had a mission to finish. He was going to do it even if it cost him his life. Bucky deserves justice. Deserves to have Hydra burn to the ground.
“Yeah? And what’s that? The cute girl who works on your floor or the boy down in printing?” Bucky smiled knowing full well that although Steve found them cute he wasn’t interested in pursuing anything with them.
“I hate this,” Clint grumbles as he walks away angrily. Bucky followed after him leaving Steve and Thor behind to get the artifact out of the forest and back to the client. Steve looked towards Thor who looked like he wanted to follow where Clint disappeared towards but stayed put. It was not good to separate but Clint sometimes does things without thinking things through. It was alright though because Bucky had gone after him so he wasn't really alone.
mariahill@shielddesign.com
So he did what any rational genius with a few too many drinks would do, he cradled Rogers’ waist with his thighs and lent down and planted a solid kiss on the lips. At first, nothing happened, which was to be expected, but then suddenly Tony felt fingers snake into his hair and the kiss suddenly deepening. Tony felt a tongue glide across his bottom lip and in his shock, Tony let it in.
Tony looked at Steve's hand and back at Steve's face before shifting forward and moved out of the cage without so much as touching Steve's outstretched hand. Steve looked at his empty hand not really knowing what happened but he got Tony out of the cage which was good. The harpy was sitting next to him looking  at him warily. Steve wanted to take off those cuffs but he did not want to risk it within the town’s boundaries. People tend to be a little cowardly at the thought of a nonhuman in chains and some would outright try to kidnap them for their own. No, Steve could not risk it. He will have to wait until they leave town before those clunky, heavy cuffs can come off. To assure Tony’s safety.
Tony stared at him before nodding in understanding. This was the first sign of communication that Steve got from Tony and he was so happy. At least now he got Tony to communicate with him in some form. He was glad with having just a nod or a shake for now. It was great progress from before.
a small voice supplied a few moments after the first thought. Though the real question was does he want to?
“We were having a conversation about Barnes’ disastrous hair,” Sam informed Steve who raised his eyebrow at Bucky who pouted back.
The town of Manten was large in size and was close to being considered a city but had not reached there yet. Still, Steve could tell that most of the people who lived here were of high upbringing and knew a thing or two about what they were doing. It made it harder to negotiate but Steve knew how to bargain. It was one of the few things growing up poor in Brooks taught him. Manten’s marketplace was buzzing with life when Steve entered. It was located on the outskirts of town to make it easier for travellers to reach. Mantennites did not like having outsiders lingering longer than they needed to within their city. Steve maneuvered through the crowd of people trying to find what he was looking for but stopped in the middle when he heard a small cry that broke through the all noise bombarding his sensitive ears. He did not know what drew him to that noise or why his ears picked it out of the many that it parsed through but now that he could he could not bring himself to ignore it.
Tony thought to himself as he continued to stare at the ceiling listening to the sounds of the machines he was hooked up to.
“Hey,” a familiar female British voice spoke up behind him making him turn his head to see a smiling Peggy looking over his shoulder at his dancing monkey that he had drawn.
“I will do it,” Tony spoke up after his long silence, “I will do it but no more of this monarchy bullshit. If we are to do this Pep I can’t take the throne. My people deserve someone who is committed to them and their well-being, who can stay and be there to support and guide them. They deserve someone who loves them just like their own, someone who is so immersed in our culture that it would be easy to find a new way of life without jeopardizing the old traditions. That is why you should take the place of the first leader of the new regime Pepper, not me. Stane wants to create a new system of order to benefits himself, I say we counter it with our own and create a new system that helps our people thrive and stay safe that is different than the old ways.”
“...It wasn’t just about the money,” Tony let out the truth just above a whisper lowering his shoulders in defeat, “I broke up with you to save you. To give you a chance at a life you deserved. I...didn’t want you to have to struggle and be limited because you chose to be with me. It was the only choice I could make Steve. What else do you want me to say?”
He had gotten up early that morning to give himself a few extra hours to head towards the market and a chance to enjoy the view. The land of Nework was beautiful full of trees, hills, mountains and large gatherings of waters spread all across its land. Ever since Steve had received the special potion from the medicine man Eckenstein, he has been able to experience the world at a whole different level. Hear the gentle brush of wind against the grass, the animals moving slow across the familiar terrain, the slow buzz of the insects moving about. Feel the cold wind against his bare skin, the hard protective cloth, the gravel like pebbles in the grass. See every shade of color from the different greens to the darkest greys, far away details of buildings that was slowly coming into view, the minute details of nature’s beauty. Steve experienced it all. Most of the time he learned to tune it out but days like this, he lets it consume him just for a bit. It made the trip all the more worth while.
Now that Steve had gotten Tony out of the cage, Steve took off his long cloak he was wearing and draped it over Tony’s body. The cloak was too big for Tony so Tony shifted around until the cloak wrapped around him comfortably enough for him to move around in. Steve thought Tony looked kind of cute with his cloak on but of course he kept that piece of information to himself.
“Remember no lethal shots,” Steve started pulling all his teammates’ attention to him, “only stunning or lightly injuring. Most of these harpies are not doing this of their own free will so let’s do them a favor and make sure we get them out of the way without any pain. Our target is Stane and any member of the council loyal to him. The harpy kind needs to be saved from the tyranny and horror of Stane and his regime and that is what we are going to do. We may be few in number but we have taken more of this kind of thugs for lesser reasons. Let’s save Tony’s people and give them back their freedoms and liberties that they lost.”
“Sorry to cut your training session, early boss,” Happy spoke up getting up from his spot once he sees Rhodey, Tony and Steve enter the camp, “we got important information to discuss.”
They moved quickly with Thor and Steve leading the group. No one talked since Nat’s comment and just focused on their newest mission, to save Tony from his kidnappers. Steve felt his heart in his throat as he passed every tree and took one step closer to Tony’s location. It was driving him mad at the thought that he might not make it on time. What if he was one moment too late? What if he comes to a scene that leaves him hollow inside? He shook his head. These were not thoughts to have at this moment.
“Tony!” Steve spoke up suddenly sounding a bit mad and harsh making the harpy jump in surprise, “I'm so sorry! I'm not mad at you. I thought you knew but I guess I should have said this before. You are a free person Tony. I bought your freedom not to cage you back up. I'm not your master. You deserve to be free. I brought you back to my team so you could have a place to recuperate and get back your strength. Not...I would…”
“I never had enough money to buy anything like that for Tony growing up,” Rhodey said, “and when I finally got the money…well…anyway, what I am trying to say is thank you for getting this dumbass some tools to work with. You will soon learn though that once he starts to play it's almost impossible to pull him away,” Rhodey replied giving Tony a playful shoulder shove. Tony pretended to look hurt but the happiness in his eyes gave him away.
Steve rushed back to camp hoping that he made it in time to save Tony's wings. He had not intended to take as long as he did but he encountered some issues on the road that took some time away from him getting back.
come follow me on
The sound of a tree branch close by cut off their conversation. Usually, if it were one of their own they would call out their name and let the rest know not to worry but this time...this time the crack was followed by absolute silence.
“Yeah you’re probably been singing praises that I have not been fightin’ on the front lines,” Steve shoved Bucky playfully.
The path back to the base camp was hard since they needed not to be spotted but to take as many main routes as possible to get to their final destination. Still, they managed to avert any curious bystanders and warriors. If Steve were another man he would have never been able to move Happy as fast as he did during that time and it probably would have cost the harpy his life.
He turned to look at himself in the full length mirror and he almost did not recognize himself. The robes were long and heavy as if reminding him of his task at all times.
“We are not far,” Steve spoke up making Tony jump a bit in surprise and seemed to close himself off more. Steve hated that he was making Tony more on guard but he was just trying to keep Tony updated. He just internally sighed feeling a bit frustrated because he did not know how to make Tony more comfortable around him. Though it has only been a few hours but Steve was never very patient person and often got frustrated easily but he was quite determined. Deciding to ignore his irrational side, it was not fair to Tony or him.
Steve looked towards the direction of the lake in worry. Tony never liked to stray far from the group. He always seemed to like having the company of one of the Avengers, that was not Steve, by his side. Pushing down the worry, Steve moved towards the lake hoping that Tony was alright.
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was Bucky. Steve smiled hiding his ache behind the smile. Most people believe he doesn’t know how to hide his feelings, that he wears his heart on his sleeve, but that was far from the truth. He never bothered to hold them back.
Steve spotted Tony laying down on the ground but looked nothing but annoyed and pouty. Tony was far from angry or scared and it just seeing that made Steve come to an instant halt in his movements. Thor stopped too realized the same thing Steve had. Tony looked okay for the most part and it seemed that he was more or less exasperated with what was happening to him but not...angry or hurt.
Steve doesn’t know if they are or will be truly prepared to face down Stane and his growing army of harpies while being as nonlethal as possible. But he will do his best to get Tony to save his people even if it meant dying in the process.
They trained for a while letting themselves get into the groove for a bit and letting steam out. Tony seemed to have a large amount of pent-up energy that he needed to release and Steve was a great outlet for that. Steve did not go easy on Tony even after finding out that his newest friend was a prince. A prince needed to know how to defend himself and fight. Steve will not let something happen to Tony in a fight because the harpy had not learned how to defend himself. It would devastate him.
He ran into the rain looking around trying to find his lover. The rain was thick making it hard to see. Still, he pushed forward following a barely noticeable trail of footprints that lead out of his home and deep into the village. His breath struck. His lover’s father lived near the town square. He was abusive and if he discovered his lover in such a state he would kill him. The prince’s heart began to race in fear as he sprinted faster weaving between the buildings.
Tony stepped up next to him and took a moment to take in Steve’s new body and look. He furrowed his brows a moment as if thinking about something but quickly replaced it with a playful yet little cold grin. “Gymming did you well,” Tony commented as they finally began to walk. Steve knew that Tony knew that it wasn’t really the gym that gave him this body.
Steve wanted to tell Tony that him wanting to do better and right for his people makes him a great person. He wanted to tell Tony a lot of things at that moment but it was not his place to do so.
“Ever since J-Rhodey passed on I became your living guardian. He left it all to me in hopes I would take care of things,” Steve replied, “I made sure to keep everything in order and manage it the best I could.”
“You know Buck I wouldn’t intrude on you guys like that,” Steve shook his head as he began to run again.
They stood in front of one another awkwardly, or at least it was for him, as they both said nothing. Tony seemed to have finished putting away the items and stood as still as he could looking to the ground not really knowing what to do with himself. Steve hated this silence and distance. He was a very physical guy who loved showing affection and kinship through caring touches but it seemed that every time Steve even got within a foot of Tony’s space Tony would freeze up and close off more than before. Steve really did not know what to do but for now he will give the harpy his space for as long as he needs it.
“We are here to get our fire-bird back,” Steve answered loving the nickname rolling off his tongue.
The room looked lived in like it was not just a place to come crash but a place he and Steve spent time in together. It was the little things he noticed though. Like the toys stuffed in the corner of the room, the socks that seemed a little too small for either Steve or Tony to wear, and the windowsill covered in sketches some in pencil and others in crayon. But the most damning piece of evidence that seemed to seal that conclusion was a photo sitting on his nightstand. A picture of him and Steve holding up a kid who was grinning ear to ear.
After his plate was filled Jarvis put Tony down on a chair in the corner of the room. Just in time, since his father seemed to be searching the room for Tony and if he saw Jarvis carrying him it would have been bad for the both of them. Howard spotted him finally and noticed the plate of food. He nodded at Tony like he would discuss it with the six year old later. Tony just stared at the plate in front of him. He felt a little lost. To distract himself from his train of thoughts Tony began to analyze the makings of the pieces of food on his plate. He began to identify the ingredients as he bit into each piece on his plate. It was child’s play but it did its job.
Tony continued to listen to doctors as they continued their monologue and instructions for him. Once they finished prepping him they began to guide him through each of the tests. It had bugged him a bit but he had asked one of the nurses to call Steve back into the room. Tony did not want to be alone while he had someone poking and prodding at him. He hated it but he knew Steve would not come to gloat at him or shove this in his face. And as fast as he requested the super soldier, Steve was there by his side. They never touched but Steve was a constant pillar standing there letting Tony know he was not alone. And just for a moment, Tony felt like he could actually do this. That waking up in the future was not so bad.
The first thing he sees when he opens his eyes is a white dull ceiling. It was odd that he could see every detail of all the different items in his immediate sight and process them at a speed he never could before. Guess they figured out how to revive him because he was pretty sure he died. This body was different. Not the same. He could tell because he did not have the small aches and pains he got from old age or the toll of  the years of superheroing. It was like he could not feel them at all.
“Red looks good on you,” Tony teased pointing at Steve’s cheeks making him blush harder. It was strange to feel this way. He had not felt like this since Peggy and he was never sure how exactly he felt about her completely. Still, the feelings arose again but this time they were for Tony instead.
“Ah, that is quite a hardship! I have faced many a challenge with such curses,” Thor said placing his arm over Steve’s shoulders in an act of intimacy.
Bruce hands Steve a list and with that Steve turns towards the weapons stash to grab his cloak, sword and trusty shield. He should take as little as possible. So he limited what he took to a small bag that had some snacks and his weapons. He did not need much since he had taken the potion to make him what he is. Steve could go with less sleep and food for a few days before he actually needed either of these things.
“Hey calm down. I was not try-” “yeah well stop trying,” Steve cut Natasha off and stormed away. He hated how most his friends could be and he really did not want or need their teasing antics towards him about Tony. It might cause another big misunderstanding that he really did not want. Better to cut their teasing short now than to let it continue.
Steve hurriedly bought as much supplies as he could with the remaining coins that he had on him, the team was not going to be particularly happy about this. Though they will have to promptly get over it since Tony was more important than Clint’s choice of seasonal fruit or Sam’s want for extra copper wires for his pet project. Steve still dreaded the conversation to come but it was worth it to save Tony from those barbarians.
Smirking, Steve took the opening and softly pressed his lips to Tony's, swallowing the porn worthy moan his genius let out. Tony melted against his chest, running his hands up to wrap around Steve's neck to try and pull him closer, gasping in pleasure as Steve devoured him.
"You're alright?"
"T'would not be as glorious nor as fluffy as thine Captains," Tony teased with a smile.
Steve had just returned to the tower after his early morning run, his arms loaded with white pastry boxes. He managed to get the boxes to the kitchen island before calling out to JARVIS.
Thor showed no surprise after Tony kissed him, even stating that on Asgard it was seen as a sign of affection and true friendship. This encouraged Tony to start greeting Thor this way.
"I can try blinding him again and Thor can zap him?" Peter offered, not really knowing if they had a plan or not. "The armor is made of titanium which is a transitional metal, but a bolt of lightning at almost one billion volts should pack a punch!"
Peter asked quickly, firing off question after question.
that I have information that you claim to be
Peter was still teeming with energy as he flew in the window of his bedroom. He was late for dinner and frantically shed his suit, throwing it into his bag to hide while struggling to find regular clothes. He could hear Aunt May downstairs and knew she was expecting him.
Needless to say, JARVIS took some initiative and locked the lab door for them, seeing as how they quickly became too preoccupied to do so themselves.
"You sure you got a plan, son?"
wrong with that statement at all!
Tony hated these meetings with a burning passion. It was bad enough that SHIELD thought they could waltz in and demand the Avengers team do their bidding, which was annoying as Hell, but Fury continuously tried to oversee the team as though he were in command. SHIELD seemed to constantly forget that the Avengers were not part of SHIELD, they just happened to work with SHIELD.
Peter was awestruck by the man standing in front of him, blindly reaching out to shake Tony's hand.
, actually?" Spiderman stammered, a little overwhelmed by the God's presence.
"I thought you were the
Til' next time, darlings!
"If I wanted to live my life by the way of degrading, obsolete gender roles...I wouldn't have committed treason to recruit myself into the army, nor would I have mutilated my genetic make-up to become a guinea pig for a super soldier experiment. I fought to change this country, for the better, not to let it waste away as a cesspool of derogatory toxic masculinity that tries to oppress others based on outdated opinions, like thinking me calling my son
Tony belted, focusing on the computer screens intently.
"I can't help it!" Tony wailed. "Though if I'm being honest I only watch it for Benedict Cumberbatch."
Steve rolled his eyes while resisting the urge to face-palm himself, watching Tony give a dramatic war cry as he continued to battle Sandman...quoting Braveheart all the while.
Steve began to move towards Tony's tent when a hand stopped him. Steve turned to see Bucky looking at him with a concerned look on his face. “If you are looking for Tony he is in your tent.”
“Don’t think you can get out of this easy Rogers,” Tony quipped shoving Steve’s shoulder with his.
He expected this Friday to be a slow day like most. Steve had forgotten about the raffle he had signed up for until he heard an email notification on his computer pulling him out of his work binge. He opened it quick wanting to get back to his art but what he read shocked him.
Tony always dressed up in a disguise and took Steve into town to show him the way of his people. Tony had told him how his mother started a campaign to add lifts to higher structures for those who lost flying functionalities. It was one of the few things he had wanted to follow through with but never got the chance. So they stuck to the ground not wanting to accidentally show off his wings. Tony's, turns out, had the royal tribe's colors. It would be hard to miss the mix of red and gold.
“Steve!” Tony shouted from across the city center where the merchants and mechanics were set up. Tony was waving like mad calling attention to Thor and Steve. He felt his cheeks redden at being made the center of attention but Thor seemed to bathe in their looks so he let the other blond man take all their attention for himself. Instead, Steve made his way towards Tony who was poked by Sam to get back to work. It was good to see Tony busy at work fixing tools and machines that locals brought to the city center in hopes of getting it fixed.
“How much?” Bucky asked immediately seeing through Steve's change in words.
“Steven Grant Rogers!” a loud familiar voice boomed from the dark depths of the mechanics’ tent. Steve jumped a bit but smiled wide as Dum Dum Dugan stepped out into the fresh air with arms wide open demanding a hug. Steve could not deny the man anything since he did save his life many years back when they had teamed together before Dum Dum decided to retire. The hug was long and strong and Steve loved the contact. He missed the full body hugs Dum Dum gave.
Suddenly the moment was gone as his weight shifted and snapped a twig under his foot. It caused Tony to turn sharply in his direction and narrow his golden eyes straight at him. Steve had been spotted and Tony rushed out of the water and tried to get dressed as fast as he could. Steve was in too great of a shock to really react properly and get Tony to stay. It dawned on him that Tony probably thinks he is a big creep who was trying too hard to win his approval. No wonder the harpy did not want to interact with him at all.
“Hello sir,” a scratchy voice polluted Steve’s ears breaking his focus away from the beautiful harpy, “are you interested in buying?”
“They are miniaturized magic tools,” Dum Dum clarified picking up one of the tools that looked like a screwdriver with a pointy end though Steve highly doubted it was, “like this is a magic blow torch. The flame is not as strong as a normal manual one but it does a pretty bang up job if ya know how to use it right and I am assumin’ that yer pal does. They’re all marked in the pouch and just incase for some odd reason yer friend don’t know the tool symbols I slipped in a short guide in the material bag I will show ya next.”
“It angers me that Loki has done such a heinous act against a person I consider my shield-brother,” Thor spoke with a deep sadness in his tone, “I expected more of my brother and I wish things could have been different. He would have been a good addition to our team and Barton would not be suffering such effects still.”
“So you won?” Bucky asked Steve over the phone as Steve decided to go for an evening run to get his mind straight from the news. After receiving the email and finishing up his end, Steve was officially going on a blind date set up by his company.
“Hey there,” Steve whispered, “you want to join me on a little adventure?” The horse moved its head towards Steve's abdomen as if answering him with a yes.
There were many more casual images of just Steve, Tony and occasionally their son. But it was the last picture that hit him the hardest. Tony knew, with absolute certainty, that it was taken on their wedding day. They were both wearing white tailored suits with matching red and blue ties. Steve had Tony pressed against his chest with his arms wrapped around Tony’s waist in a loving and firm embrace. From the angle they were standing Tony could see Steve’s wedding band glimmering shamelessly back at him.
They all partnered up and although Steve usually went for Bucky or Sam, Steve had found himself naturally pairing up with Tony. They were quite in sync and worked quite well with each other. The rest kind of defaulted to them to take down each guard since Steve used his shield to stun and Tony used his gauntlet for the knockout hit. It was almost fun if they didn't have such a serious goal in mind.
Steve’s world faded to darkness.
Finally, as if a small spell broke, Steve heard a small cry in the distance in front of him. He felt himself speed up and rush towards the sound getting closer. The small squeaks and yelps sounded very much like Tony. Steve urged himself to move faster. Until he saw them at a few meters away.
“Yeah?” Steve leaned forward feeling a glimmer of hope grow in his heart.
Taking a deep breath, Steve walked towards his tent. His heart picked up speed as he got closer. It was unlike him to be this nervous but he has been having a hard time befriending Tony already and the harpy seemed keen on disliking him. With as much courage as he could muster, Steve walked into the tent.
“You didn’t eve-” “what Happy is trying to say is thank you for taking care of Tony and saving him from the creature traders. We are very grateful and if there is anything we could ever do to repay you for the service you have done for the harpy kind please let us know,” Pepper cut in with a more cool response. Steve knew there was more she wanted to say but had stopped herself.
It was Steve's turn to clamp Thor's shoulder in support. He gave the other man a small smile who returned it. They didn't speak again as they faced the creatures of the forest except to speak jabs and teases about the enemies they faced. Steve always had the easiest time with the Asgardian and they worked quite well together on the field.
“Go talk to him. Nothing good is going to come out of this if you don’t talk. He’s in your tent by the way,” Bucky said pointing towards Steve’s tent without looking away from the current knot he was making. Steve thanked him and began to make his way to his tent.
“Yeah I figured you would recognize them,” Tony said placing his open palm hands on Steve's folded thighs, “the gloves help me control the blasts and manage them the way I want. They concentrate the blasts to where I want them to go.”
“Hi,” he finally replied looking at his feet. She was pretty but it didn’t sit well with him at all. A part of him kept screaming
“Hm, is that so,” Rogers hummed as he began to lazily kiss Tony’s bare shoulder. He gasped at the contact, not expecting the man behind him to not only have a beard but be so handsy this quick after waking up. Though maybe, if this was his fantasy, he should not have been so surprised.
, his mind supplied making his anger instantly dissipate.
“Not that, the taking off without me part of the story,” Bucky glared. Oh. So he was mad after all.
Steve listened to Dum Dum as he brought out the rest of the items he had requested and explained how they work, what they were and what they were needed for. By the end of it, Dum Dum assured Steve that this was all that a traveling mechanic would ever need on the go. This was exciting and Steve hurried to put all the items Dum Dum got him carefully into the travel bag. After making sure the bag was not going to be too heavy for Tony to carry around, Steve asked Dum Dum the price of all this was.
“When do you not?” Bucky chuckled but looked at him curiously, “though what did you do this time?”
“I will be back in three days time,” Steve told Bucky as he clipped the shield on his back, “take care of him for me Buck.”
“Well I am definitely not letting you go all hero alone,” Clint pulled out his bow and gave it a good shake to bring it into use.
“You’re uh, yeah you’re welcome,” Tony nodded as if he had just confirmed something to himself.
“We will do one by one,” Tony whispered, “try to find a hidden spot without getting seen.”
There was a loud crash and Tony looked up to see Rogers holding onto the windowsill railing looking down at him waving goodbye.
“Sorry about this,” Steve started wrapping his arms around Tony carefully so he can push them both into sitting position, “I tried leaving but you latched on and I know how hard it is for you to sleep so I didn't want to risk it.”
Tony met up with papa Rhodes at the back gate where all the servants and delivery boys rushed too and from trying to get their work done and their orders finished. Tony realized that he probably should shed the fancy gown to continue to go unnoticed in this part of the castle. Tony really did not want people talking about some high standing omega slumming it with the servant people. It might get back to the prince and that could lead down to him connecting unwanted dots.
Tony just nodded quickly keeping his eyes locked on the crowd behind them. Steve took one last look as well to make sure they were not spotted before darting off into the night towards his apartment complex. The streets were mostly empty since most are either in pubs drinking themselves silly, already passed out drunk on the streets or at home if they were not already a part of the greeting crowd. Tony stayed close behind trying his hardest to keep up with Steve’s speed. Steve had to pace himself to make sure not to go too fast but sometimes he forgets that he is not alone. Still, Steve hears the little tired grunts Tony makes and he knows he is going too fast so he slows down once again.
“40 dolls would be good,” Dum Dum opened his palm waiting to be paid. Steve was about to argue that he knew that this was all worth a lot more than that but Dum Dum wound not have it. In the end, Steve was forced to reluctantly underpay his friend for the toolset.
“Yes,” Tony began to understand a little bit more of his situation but was still weary. Tony had convinced Pepper to join him in this program so that they could come back togeth-wait Pepper! Where’s Pepper? Tony looked around desperately. He leapt out of his bed in a hurry looking for his wife fighting off all the personal that came towards him. He needed to get to Pepper. She would be expecting him.
It was bright. That was the first thing Steve felt when he woke up. It was bright and his chest felt heavy. He opens his eyes and the first thing he sees is red and gold. It takes him a moment to realize it’s Tony’s wings spread a bit over his head. He follows the wings with his eyes and looks down to see Tony sleeping balled up on his chest holding onto his left arm pretty tightly. It was cute but also a very confusing sight to see. Tony should be out there with his people and be helping them come to terms with what happened not in here with him. Tony should be with his family even if Steve desperately wanted to be a part of that family.
Steve walked past the supply tent and towards the circle of other tents reaching the center. It was tight space between the tents to make it practically impossible for intruders to sneak up on them without any of their tents getting disturbed. Each tent had its own characteristics that matched their individual owners and for a moment Steve wondered what Tony’s would look like within the mess of tents. Steve pointed out the water supply, the camping wood, and what exact supplies each of the ragtag team carried as to not catch Tony off guard if he saw any of them. He did this because most of the Avengers carried an arsenal on them and often times could be paranoid at not knowing what the other was carrying. By now it became a force of habit to tell new members this piece of information.
It took ten minutes to get to the center from where he was and seeing it so close made his heart begin to race. He hasn't been this excited in a while, he could feel the smile forming on his face.
It really was no longer his place to try and be Tony’s shoulder. Tony had Rhodey back. Steve was no longer really needed.
Once Steve talked himself into getting up he looked over to find Tony still fast asleep on his bed. He was glad that the harpy had not woken up so soon since Tony rarely got enough sleep as it was. Steve quietly climbed off the couch and got dressed in a new set of commoner clothes since he probably did not need his armor to walk around Brook. The armor was heavy and often put people on edge but he did come back to grab his cloak though just to ward off the chilly morning air.
Steve blinked and he was once again back at camp with an annoyed Colonel looking at him as if he had asked him a question. Steve felt his cheeks burn a bit waiting for him to ask the question again.
“Jerk,” Steve replied rubbing his forehead feeling his cheeks burn in slight embarrassment; he did not want to look stupid in front of Tony. It was important to him that Tony come to like him and getting whacked around probably doesn’t help.
“I peeped on Tony,” Steve replied and Bucky gave him an angry stare that Steve quickly responded to by saying, “not on purpose! I was looking for him and Clint said he might be near the lake so i went to look and there he was all beautiful and elegant and...he was just...I know I should have said something but I was so entranced that I slipped, broke a twig and watched Tony run away into the forest before I had time to even process anything.”
Jarvis grabbed Tony and lifted him up to his hip. The butler carried Tony over to the snacking table grabbing a plate and handing it over to the young genius. Tony took the plate. It was cold to the touch just like how he felt inside. Distracted a little he almost did not notice Jarvis holding out a piece of fruit tart towards him. Straightening out the plate Tony watched silently as Jarvis began to slowly fill the plate with food. Tony loved being handled like this. It made him feel loved even for a short while. Even if he knew it was not really real. If his own father cannot love him then no one could. Tony was not worth the love of anyone, really.
“Friend Tony?” Thor looked happy to hear the news that he was no longer the only prince in the group. Thor always loved having shared connections with them and it made him so happy when he found something they could talk about together. It has been interesting watching Thor figure out how to better connect with each of them. He really did try hard.
Tony introduced his family in order of where they stood. The closest to Steve was a harpy named Rhodey. He was seemed to be the head of the group and the one who acted like a defensive wall against Steve’s team; Rhodey, after all, was the same harpy who had quite a sharp tongue when he spoke to Steve and Thor earlier. It seemed like he was determined to fight all of them if he needed to protect his family from the Avengers. Steve shook his hand because he may not trust him fully but he sure did respect him.
“What do you two want?” Pepper asked still ignoring them in favor of picking the most ripe fruit.
Steve smiled softly down at Tony and replied, “nothing just realized something ‘is all.”
Jarvis had wrapped up Tony in a thick blanket when he was led to a different wing in the mansion. The butler tried to cheer the child up but to no avail. Nothing seemed to calm the young master down. Tony was at a full panic attack; rambling on about how it was not his fault but it the words seemed to begin to jumble together.
Steve was starting to feel the heat of the forges against his skin indicating he was really close to the mechanic booths. They were also one of the busiest areas in town since many travelers and townsfolk came to get something fixed or made. He spotted large men wearing protective leather and simple clothing working hard and talking to customers at the same time. These men were the mechanics and smithies of Brook.  They were just as busy as Steve remembered them to be. It was nice to see that some things never changed.
“Let’s go to the diner we have reservations at and talk,” Steve just spoke quick noticing Tony begin to turn away. Tony stopped and turned to Steve looking at him with wide hopeful eyes. Then something shifted and Tony had his guard up again. This was going to be a fun night.
Steve watched Tony stare seriously into Pepper’s eyes for a long time as he processed her words. Whenever the mention of Stane Tony seemed to go a little stiffer and his frown deepens just a little more. The vile harpy must have meant a great deal to Tony if the mention of his name caused such a reaction. Steve wanted to meet Stane and show him what real strength was and how to be in command of a group of people. To think of using cruelty and tyranny to try to gain power for the sake of power was sickening. The harpy kind did not deserve such treatment or hardship thrust upon them. If Steve had any say in what happens he readily has his shield in hand and ready to use to punch some vile harpies. He was an Avenger, they all were in his book, and as an Avenger they had an obligation to save every person they can and never to stop until they breathed their last breath.
“No need to be so grumpy about it,” Sam huffed, “it’s good for your hair to get trimmed and taken care of.”
Suddenly though he was not in the camp anymore. The yellow field and armor personnel disappeared and instead found himself in a place from a dream…
“Sshh,” Bucky hummed at him pressing Steve close to his chest. Suddenly Steve let it all go and just cried into Bucky’s shoulder. Buck just held him whispering sweet nothings trying to calm Steve down. But Steve did not stop. He just kept crying.
“I understand we were young and you didn’t have the capabilities to challenge your father that way,” Steve answered, “and I would like to believe that if given the choice we could have figured out a way through it. But I want you to know that one of my biggest regrets was letting you walk away. For not fighting for what we had. Still, a part of me always wondered if somehow the circumstances change we would find a way back to each other.”
“There is but I don’t have the ingredients for the remedy and if he doesn’t get it soon...well we are going to have to cut off his wings,” Bruce replied.
“They took him south-west of here just a few miles off. If we move fast and quick we should make it to them in time before...before whatever they might do to Tony hopefully,” Steve responded. The rest nodded in unison and finished getting ready. Bucky soon joined too and gave Steve a worried but supportive look as he tied his hair back.
They left the wretched place as quickly as possible with Steve pulling Tony softly by the arm into the crowd of people. He kept a firm grip onTony but made sure he was not hurting him in any way. Steve just did not want to lose Tony and Tony somehow ends up in a worse situation than before because of his negligence.
With that fluttering, thought Tony Stark closed his eyes and gave into the darkness.
“Ah, yes of course,” Steve cleared his throat as he let Tony down gently and detangled himself from Tony’s body. He almost regrets the loss of body heat as the harpy distanced himself a bit and straightened himself out.
Steve had gotten up with the sun like he always did. He groaned a bit as the sunlight shone into the room forgetting to shut his sun-blocking curtains the night before. Though he did not mind all that much really since it gave him the time to get up to go on his daily run and head to the market to look for the perfect tools for Tony to use on the go.
Tony turned to look at the Prince who seemed to be looking at him in amusement. The look caught Tony completely off guard before sputtering out, “Servants are not thieves and those who are...well they do it out of necessity to live, uh, sire.”
“Okay boss,” Happy rasped out sounding tired but determined as he placed the bowl down on his lap, “I got lots to tell you.”
“You look a little too happy this morning,” Nat snuck up next to him almost making him jump.
“I…I don't deserve such...I am not a good person Pep,” Tony says looking at his hands, “The decisions I made or the lack of them killed many people and I will always have to work to atone for that for the rest of my life. I don't know if I can go back Pep. I don't deserve it.”
“Morning sunshine,” Bucky smiled laughing when he got a pillow in the face as a reply. Steve sat up giving some space for Bucky to sit down.
“Live,” Steve blurred out and Tony's eyes snapped to his, “live. See the world that your Pepper wanted you to see. Greet the people who looked up to you for so long. Re-reunite with old friends who have missed you. Even if you decide later to...to terminate at least you got a glimpse of the world before saying your true goodbye.”
After taking a long look at the image trying to memorize every detail, Tony moved on to search his nightstand. Tony opened the drawer with vigor feeling his heart race and hands sweat as he glanced inside nervously. There were a bunch of things that didn’t matter like crumpled papers, small pieces of tech he seemed to be working on. But it was the abundance of photos that littered between the miscellaneous items that drew Tony’s attention. He grabbed at as many as he could before leaning back and sitting more comfortably on the bed.
Once everyone was settled down around the newly lit fire, Steve asked Bruce if he would be willing to check on Tony. Bruce sighed a bit and grumbled how ‘he was not that kind of doctor’ but moved to check Tony out. The harpy watched Bruce approach him standing as stiff as possible. Bruce noticed the tension and quickly slowed his pace and softened his features and Steve could see the instant change in Tony’s body. It bugged him that Tony would easily get along with Bruce within seconds but have a hard time getting comfortable with Steve after hours of traveling together. Steve forced himself to look past those feelings knowing full well it will get him nowhere but a part of him was stubborn and refused to let it go.
“T-t-tony,” Tony stuttered out not really knowing where these nerves were coming from. The hand in his hair tightened making him let out an involuntary noise before continuing, “Stark. Tony Stark.”
“You took over my life you know,” Tony whispered as he sat on the bed not really trying to touch the other man, “I hated you but I always looked for you to save me. I wonder how my life would have been if never went under. That was such a selfish move. Anytime someone brings it up it makes Aunt Peggy sad. Ugh for one man you sure have a big impact on many people's lives. It's not fair.”
“I was thinking about grabbing some food,” Steve turned to look at Tony, “would you like to come with me?”
And Steve dived into the pool and he was gone into the abyss of memories. He was going to be fine. He will be with Bucky again.
“We are a rag tag group,” Bucky turned his attention back to Tony, “we are all from different walks of life so you will fit right in.”
Steve was looking to the ground when he heard a female british voice saying, “Gentlemen, I'm Agent Carter. I supervise all operations of this division,”
“’Ello,” a small voice spoke up walking towards him. Tony looked up to see a boy standing there. He wore large glasses and his hair was a bit too short for Tony’s liking. The boy was smaller than him which was a hard feet since he was already small in nature.
“So…,” Tony broke the silence as they entered the busy diner as if safe from either of them turning back and running, “do you wear my watch to every first date that you go on?”
This was it. This was the moment they had been working up to.
Tony had seen the way the adults looked at him. Their eyes were filled with disgust and disappointment. His father had the worse of them all. His eyes help a cold hatred for Tony. It was a look he almost rarely saw but when he did, it meant a good lashing.
It was fun all around until Sam brought them all back to the topic at hand, “first things first, we are doing a lot better than what we thought we would be doing since Tony started helping. Man you are are a miracle worker. Anyway, that aside, the next mission is kind of dangerous because we got to go into the forest near the Sabers are located. Those vicious cats are a killer to face. Steve, Thor and maybe Bucky could go ahead and check out the safety of the mission while Tony, Bruce and I can go into town to get a few more coin and supplies. You willing to put those hands to work Tony?”
If he were not the prince Tony would have called him out on his rudeness but instead decided to answer the question, “If you, suffer your people to be ill-educated and their manners corrupted from infancy and then punish them for those crimes to which their 1st education disposed to them. What else is to be concluded, sire, but that you first make thieves and then punish them.”
“Ha, man no one gets any sense of privacy with those two nosey assholes,” Sam pointed at Bucky and Clint and Steve wholeheartedly agreed.
He finally made it back to find his apartment full of people and he shooed them all away leaving only him and Tony. The harpy looked confused and flustered but relaxed the moment they were gone. He hoped that his teammates didn't let weird people who could harm Tony into the apartment.
“If he doesn’t make it through to the field we could always use him in the strategy meetings. That boy is smart. I mean really smart,” Steve heard his commanding officer speaking to the Colonel. The other man gave him a skeptical look before catching Steve looking at them and ended the conversation. His commanding officer turned to see him and smiled.
Steve wanted to wipe that sneer off the merchant’s face. So he forced himself to focus on something else and looked back at the harpy who looked at him with mistrust and anger. They shared the same eyes, Steve realized. He was once a slave and he knew that look very well. So Steve decided he was going to buy him if he could. “How much?” Steve asked hating himself for having to buy another person like this.
“If you continue to zone out I will not hesitate to take my first swing,” Tony warned in jest but Steve just rolled his eyes and they got back to training like they had been for the last few days before Tony’s family arrived and attempted to kidnap him from the Avengers.
Rhodey looked like he was contemplating Steve’s words for a moment before nodding with a pleased smile on his face. Suddenly the tension that seemed to sit in the air dissipated between the two groups. The two groups merged into one as they decided to head back to the Avengers’ camp. It was interesting and fun to watch his teammates talking to their newest companions.
“Yeah uh huh okay. Let me know when you’re ready to share buttercup,” Sam answered rolling his eyes as Steve went back to just thinking about how he could have missed the signs and how much he was thankful for being able to have met Tony at all.
“I remember buying that watch,” a familiar voice spoke up to his right. Steve turned his head so fast he felt a twinge of pain crawl up his neck as he looked into the other’s eyes. It was his ex-Tony, the man he still couldn’t really let go of.
After deliberately avoiding camp for a while to give Tony space, Steve sulked his way towards his tent. He did not want Tony to think Steve was up to no good. All he wanted to do was apologize. It would have been disastrous if Steve had followed Tony into the woods; Steve was not going to mess up more.
“Anthony Edward Stark!” Pepper glared at Tony making both Tony and Steve shiver in fear at her gaze, “you are a better person than almost everyone else I have ever met! And it is they that don't deserve you. We love and care about you and that is all that should ever matter to you.”
“Soon Steffen,” the familiar male voice spoke up in his ear grabbing Steve’s attention away from Dr. Erskine, “we shall be together and you will come back to your former glory. Not that I would not love you as you are but you will need the extra strength to survive the journey.”
As they began to travel once more, the team seemed to mend together finding a place for Tony to fit easily into the fold. They each had their own way of interacting with the harpy and Tony seemed to enjoy the different dynamics and teases. Overall, they worked even with a few hiccups along the way. They all got used to having Tony around now.
“Look, I am sorry. I wouldn’t have shown up if they told me it was you okay? I know when I am not really wanted,” Tony growled wincing a bit while taking a few steps back. Steve felt a flash of anger run through him hearing Tony say those words. Steve had never
“Ha, you were probably just dumped by that Tracy girl you met last Friday,” Steve chuckled.
After sending redwing to get Clint as the backup, Steve ventured deeper into the forest to get a better idea of what was ahead of them. Steve was glad he had not brought Tony along since harpies and sabers were natural enemies and to see Tony getting attacked with such viciousness would not bode well for Steve’s mental health. But Tony was not here, Steve reminded himself, he was at the small town a few miles away. Safe. There was no reason to worry about it.
Tony broke the glass covering his face to keep the glass shards from hitting him directly. He could have made something to open windows without the hassle but like he mentioned before it was the spurt of the moment to do this. Either way, the job was done and he was in.
He hit the front desk hard as he entered not slowing down his momentum causing the reception desk to dent a bit at the impact. Steve did not care. The receptionist blinked in surprise before spotting Steve and putting things together. She smiled at him and told him where to go. Steve didn't wait until she finished before he began to move down the hall towards the designated elevators.
As Steve walked he could tell that the trees were beginning to thin and disperse leading up towards the lake. The trees closest to the lake stood tall and thick from getting plenty of water. Steve peered around the last row of trees to see a vast blue lake that shined against the sun. If Steve was not looking for Tony he would have went back and gotten his sketchbook to draw the scene before him. But Steve went back to the task at hand and began to look for Tony. Steve did not spot him for a while and started to worry that maybe the harpy had gotten lost. A moment later Steve notice something broke the surface of the lake. Steve was in open and utter awe.
“Tony?” Steve whispered hopefully and just hearing his voice made Tony want to both cry and yell.
“You! How? Why?” Tony looked at him pained and Steve understood. Still Tony looked to be calmer and more grounded with him in the same room.
“Yeah,” Tony paused, “and there is something I need to do.”
“Once upon a time,” she would start. Thus the story began…
It was the first time Steve ever felt a true glimmer of hope of a friendship with Tony. He hoped he did not screw it up again.
“Good night young master,” Jarvis smiled looking into two tired brown eyes.
“No! Of course not! And if you hurt one feather on his head you backstabbing avenger stealing-” but before he could finish his sentence, Steve felt a hand rest onto his chest and looked down to see Tony standing there. The small golden red harpy smiled warmly at Steve calming him down instantly.
Look what I found! I kind of really did not like any of the chapters I was writing for this story so I took a step back from it and now I got inspiration to write it again.
His commanding officer noticed right away at how good Steve was at reading the field and how fast he strategizes his next step. So on the side, the man took Steve under his wing and taught him about military maneuvers and basic strategy techniques. Steve seemed to soak it all up quick and adjusted his own strategies by figuring out what worked and what did not. He found it stimulating and fun and it helped him feel a bit useful.
They passed the final marker in continued silence and it was not until then that Steve wondered if...if Tony was a forced mute. It was not uncommon for traders to silence captured races due to it being easier for buyers  to see the enslaved creatures as nothing more than exotic pets. Anger sparked in the pit of his stomach hoping that Tony’s voice was something Tony just wanted to keep to himself.
Tony chastised himself before replying, “Hey, it’s me.”
Tony then introduced the harpy to Rhodey’s left as Miss Pepper Potts. She smiled welcomingly but Steve felt like she could take him down in seconds if she needed to. Her aura read a lot like Nat’s did when they first met her. Pepper came forward and urged Steve and the group to call her just Pepper. Nat seemed to be quite happy to know that she was no longer the only independent female warrior around. Steve bowed and complimented her strawberry blonde hair that was immaculate with no strand out of place.
Pulling away, partially reluctant he had to say, Tony looked down to see wide blue eyes staring up at him. Tony could still feel the fingers intertwined in his hair and the change of breathing under his fingertips. The man was awake and staring at Tony in the most curious of ways before he pulled him close again as if trying to get a much better look at Tony’s face.
“We might not have a choice,” Bruce sighed in response feeling at a loss.
Truth was, Steve was a bit excited for this date. He knew it was always worth giving something a shot. Though the last time he was really serious about a relationship it didn’t end so well. Even the thought of them brought a pang to his chest. Steve knew he will always love them but it was probably time to actually move on.
Tony tapped on Rhodey’s shoulder and both Rhodey and papa Rhodes turned to look at Tony knowingly. Tony felt guilty for taking away some of their happiness in that moment but there is another time to celebrate. Tony lead them back home in a rush rarely stopping for anything.
“Steve,” Tony said his name with such softness that he almost missed it. He had not realized how tense he has gotten while his thoughts ran wild through his mind. Instead, he shook his head letting the emotions wash through him. If it were up to him he would have gone toe to toe with the villager no matter how much of a scene it would create but the man had already run and Tony seemed like he really did not want that.
“We need to get out fast,” Steve spoke up pulling Happy close to his chest and looking Tony in the eyes. Giving Tony the responsibility to get them out of there seemed to ground him into this moment. Steve could see the click behind those eyes as Tony turned and began to lead the way.
Steve was now alone in with his thoughts. They weighed heavily on him. The idea of having to cut Tony’s wings off horrified and saddened him beyond measure. He never wanted to put Tony through that kind of pain or horror. He did not deserve it. No one did. The harpy has already been through enough. Though Steve will make sure that Tony gets fully recovered, wings intact.
