It was a short and sweet visit, something Dean really needed after that past few weeks. It reminded him he wasn't so isolated in his problems after all. He didn't just have Castiel, he still had his pack.
"Yeah well, I should really be going." Dean was getting extremely uncomfortable and he was trying not to gag at Crowley's smell.
The walls were still barren despite the fact they had been living here for a few months. Castiel didn't bring much to college and Dean always talked about hanging something up but never bothered to do it. Dean was much neater than Castiel had anticipated. He wouldn't go as far to call him a germaphobe...well not out loud anyway.
“I assure you, Mr. Alton, he is just what you ordered,” Crowley spoke, quite proud of himself. They were only a few feet away and Dean watched the older man who was referred to as Alton crack a slender smile at the sight of Dean.
"Dandy! Drive up to the next window for you food!" She gave them a nod but Dean didn't respond.
“Oh nothing, let’s eat!”
Waking up they went through their normal routine, swapping turns in the bathroom and moving around the rather small room.
“Well it was actually gonna be a surprise so you shouldn’t have but please don’t blow this out of proportion,” Dean begged, totally fine with his nudity.
“Oh bring it Novak, I’ve been kicking Sammy’s ass my whole life.”
"Sometimes baby, no one does. But Dean is here and safe and has an amazing mate. He turned out great. " Ellen pulled Mary close and scented her for comfort, it was something Mary really needed.
“Speaking of alpha, guess how fucked I am?” Dean started scrapping at an old paint stain on his pants.
Pushing the toy in all the way Castiel readjusted the and and pulled out of Dean slowly. He moved his hand to match the pace. Moving his mouth down to Dean's balls. Licking and kissing, memorizing every inch of Dean. Pushing back in he heard a wonderful hiccup of cries and yelps of pleasure escape Dean’s lips, his thigh muscles tightened as Castiel worked him faster.
“You- you hit me.”
"Fuck Dean, fuck!" He sped up as a response and Cas started to swell. Pumping a few times he started to gag on Castiel’s knot. Water splashed his face and Dean squeezed his eyes shut and took Cas deeper.
Dean couldn't speak, his thighs were shaking and balls tightened like he was going to explode. He could feel Castiel start to swell and catch on his rim.
“I called her over.” Castiel’s eyes darted to his mother and judging from the smells coming from Dean this was not a good conversation.
“M-Meg? What are you doing here?” Castiel didn’t sound angry, mostly just confused and uneasy. Things between them ended; pretty badly too, he was convinced he'd never see her again. Why all of a sudden she made a reappearance in his life has left him in a state of shock.
"Okay, fine. Go on and meet up with Alfie so I can get this over with." Cas huffed out a laugh and walked to Dean to place a kiss on his forehead and lightly scent him.
“Dean what does that even-” he stopped watching Dean continue to write “Hey! You fucking love cuddling!” A whine was slowly creeping into Cas’ voice. Dean gave him a smug look that turned to a glare.
"Oh, thank god yes." They both let out a breath of relief. That thought never crossed either of their minds that night, it was scary how truly out of it they both were.
“I hate her.” He whispered. “I don’t want her here, I don’t want her here, I don’t-”
"Shoot!" Again paper.
“Oh, an ice movie? Well I don’t know, are you talking about this?” He pulled out a CD case with Frozen scribbled across the transparent case.
We all know John is such a truthful loving SOB. Hope this was an enjoyable chapter!
"Dean I know you can hold your own but this whole thing has gotten out of control. There is a difference between you dealing with a random flirt and a mysterious stalker affecting your health! I'm your mate and it is my job to keep you safe and healthy as it is yours to do the same for me."  Castiel could feel the turmoil inside Dean. His hormones were going crazy and his mate was on the verge of a breakdown.
"Room 394."
"Fuck, god fuck." Dean started painting as he bucked forward onto Castiel, digging his nails into his bare back. Castiel pulled Dean closer sliding his hand around his ass and between his legs. He can feel the slick bleeding through his jeans. Cas presses his fingers up and Dean yelps at the pressure causing him to rut harder against Castiel's leg. Dean is scenting and nipping Cas across his shoulder and collarbone. Running hands through his hair and pushing harder on his legs. Deans mind is moving a thousand miles and hour and his body is shaking and ready to explode. Castiel is still pushing and palming deans ass with one hand and scenting the rest of his body with his other.
Next update is Tuesday April 1st!
“He has been stalking you for weeks and you're just now telling me this?” Castiel stressed as he stood up and towered over Dean in a dominant stance. “What if he had done something to you, Dean?” Castiel reached down to run a self-soothing hand through his mates hair. He was trying to cool himself down because he didn’t want to overwhelm him. "Dean," Cas whispered and dropped between his knees to sit at his level. Placing soothing hands on his thighs Dean continued.
"What made you mark Jess?" This question was obviously the last thing Sam expected.
"Okay you've met him now I think you have a class to attended." Cas started edging her towards the door.
He felt that odd pull towards Cas again, he was equal to the alpha and his father could shove it up his ass because in all that time of downing Dean he had no idea Cas was alive and ready to throw every damn stereotype away and make his own.  The towel was damp and Dean rang it out a little. Walking back out he went to clean off the blue mat, he felt embarrassed that they couldn't even go through a fighting match without it turning into sex. They both just enjoyed physical contact and to each, the other was a warm body. It didn't go any further than that. Yeah. That was all. Once the mess was cleaned up Dean went and threw the towel in a laundry pile that was filled with more towels.
Once they finished they each threw on a zip up sweatshirt and sweatpants since it was still cold outside. On the walk to the gym they shot challenging looks and over competitive grins at one another, sometimes exchanging cocky remarks.
"Yes, Dean." Dean had wanted to wrap himself around Castiel but opted to sit cross legged behind him and give him a back rub, Dean thought it would be better for Cas to feel like he had an escape rather than to be tangled up in Dean.
"Come on Dean!" His father called from across the track. "They would have caught you by now! Done, might as well ship you to a brothel now!"
See 'ya then!
"Oh what wisdom can I instill in the grand Dean Winchester?"
“I’ll keep you safe, little alpha.” Dean gave him a wink and Castiel only rolled his eyes trying to focus on the cosmetic side of Dean and not about meeting his family. But they were driving deeper into the heart of town and avoiding that thought was getting considerably harder.
Castiel felt odd wandering alone through the house and he nervously tugged at the hem of his shirt that he was beginning to think was Sam's. Thankfully he heard soft voices coming up from downstairs. Trying to distinguish who was down there Castiel took slow soft steps and he felt an odd twist of anxiety in his gut. Even though Dean's pack was very warm and welcoming he still felt nervous being around them alone. Especially Dean's father, it wasn't that Cas was scared of him, he was just worried he would snap at the man.
"Race ya!" He called tearing off towards the rink. Dean rumbled a laugh speeding after him. If they're going to do this, might as well do it properly right? Then they won't have to do it again. One date. That's all. Dean caught up wrapping his arms around Castiel and pulling him back. Cas yelped in protest, laughing.
“And yet we aren’t.”
"I'm sorry, he's been the hot topic lately. Just shows how boring out school is." Rachel defended.
"What happened?" Mary asked as she walked over to help Dean.
"Yo, Cas we should get this shit in writing." Dean swerved around to look at the alpha. Castiel's glare turned to confusion and he placed his book on his bedside table.
With one sniff of the air Dean’s eyes widened but Castiel lunged himself at him before he could speak. Shoving Dean’s back into the bed he pressed his nose into Dean’s neck and drank in his smell. Castiel was already at full attention and grinding into Dean’s crotch.
The parking lot was silent, Dean had walked though here but not towards his car, he was still headed to the dorm but it was a different route than normal. Another smell caused Cas to pause for a moment and his heart to catch in his throat the second it registered.
“Hello, poppet.” The man Dean presumed to be Balthazar placed his leather bag on the floor and looked over at the three men on the sofa, one was his mate.
"Um, sure." Castiel tried to hide his confusion and took a seat across the makeshift table that was made out of a rather large moving box. "What are we playing." Dean picked up the pile of cards and started shuffling them with expert hands. Thumbs rubbing the edges, each card ticks as it escapes from Dean's fingers and is lost into the pile. Castiel's mouth watered at his nimble fingers. "We've been working our bodies a lot lately. I thought it was time to arouse our minds with a few good card games. Obviously the winner of the night gets to pick a prize." Castiel gave a wide smile, he loved card games and was excited to see what 'prize' Dean had in mind.
Hopefully you enjoyed!
"We do have some time to ourselves. Raphael isn't home yet and I owe you big for coming here." Castiel crawled towards his mate and placed a kiss on his neck.
"Cas, stop." He meant to say it louder but once the words left his lips Castiel froze and almost lost balance. Just like that the sharp nails in his thighs smoother out and the thick smell of over dominant alpha lessened in the air. He was one hundred percent Castiel.
The next few days were hard on the both of them, Dean had hard time getting around and Castiel snapped at anyone who dare to look at Dean. He insisted on walking Dean to all his classes and had a problem with hovering.
Okay that was a hard chapter to write and I'm sure read but I swear the next one will be more lighthearted.
It ended up leading to a very uncomfortable hard-on.
"Yeah, I had a feeling it wouldn't go well. Did they pressure you on pups?" Gabriel offered Dean a hand and pulled him off the floor.
“I-I don’t know. I should know, I always know what to get her but my mind is just not working.” Castiel sighed, an odd feeling of failure seeped into his stomach and turned the cheap breakfast in his stomach.
"Hey, Cas." Dean had opened his eyes and was toying with his thumbs.
"Hon?" John stepped in and was greeted by the soft smile of his wife and his son who she was attempting to feed.
"I like that idea." Cas purred.
Dean woke up with the sun heating hs face and the deep breathing of his alpha. The view of the barren trees was amazing and the sky was bright, the only downside was the sickening smell of alpha seeping from under the door. Dean could already hear people moving around outside the door. Castiel was still fast asleep and Dean's stomach was growling. Dean decided to slip around Castiel and picking up his clothes from the floor. Dressing himself he made his exit in search of Anna. Looking around upstairs there was no sign of Castiel's sister.
"Bowling?"
"Ah shit, that's today isn't it?" Castiel nodded like a smartass.
"Fuck, Castiel stop gawking and get on with this!" Dean snapped and bucked up to catch his attention. Castiel fought to rid himself of his pants and fell right into the glorious smell of Dean. Nuzzling and nipping his inner thigh he let out possessive growls as he claimed every patch of skin. Dragging his wet tongue over soft sensitive spots. He felt Dean's muscles spaz and twitch under his teeth and lips. Dean may want a quick fuck but Castiel is drawing this out as much as he can. Throwing the omegas legs over his shoulders he pulled Dean's panties over and revealed a sight that had Cas drooling. He was warm and soft and covered in slick that made his hole shine. Castiel went straight to the source and snaked his tongue into every sweet spot he could find. Dean yelped and pushed back into Castiel's mouth that was licking and sucking at the sweet ring of muscle that called to him.
Dean lifted his arms behind them and tangled his hands in Castiel's hair and clung to the nap of his neck. He changed up the rhythm and started moving his body in a wave motion and worked his stomach as if he was grinding down on Castiel who let out a choked cry at the unexpected change. Cas' grip tightened on Dean's thighs and the omega hummed at the joy of the power he had over Cas who was putty in his hands. It was perfect, no one was truly dominant in this position as they shared equal pleaser due to the other.
"Gabe, it's complicated. I'll tell you when I get there but don't tell anyone but  Balthazar yet." Gabriel paused for a few beats.
"Dean isn't a bitch and he doesn't have papers. I have never met his father I only have Dean and he is as much mine as I am his." Anger dripped from Castiel's words and Dean squeezed his knees as a silent thank you.
Hot, wet, soft. Lapping at something that made Dean twist. He knew he was dreaming by the flashing of euphoric colors blasting behind his eyelids. Opening his mouth to moan he heard nothing come out. He felt like he was only waves of energy, but he was vibrating with pure pleasure.
“You’re so pampered, little omega.” Castiel purred and kissed Dean’s jaw.
“You want to throw rut in?” Dean paused for a few beats. “Fine, I guess it’s only fair.” Castiel felt his stomach sink, he didn’t want to make Dean feel like he had to sleep with him.
Approaching the library Castiel knew Dean wasn’t here, he could feel it in his soul. Seeing a note posted he quickly read it.
"War?"
“Now look what you made me do? I don’t want to break your skin, but you will receive the punishment you deserve.”
“Dude, it’s fucking weird, okay?” Cas shook his head.
"Dean?" His mate jumped and turned around with wide eyes. "What's wrong with you, and why do you smell like that?" Cas asked scrunching his nose and walking forward.
“Okay, I’ll start,” Dean bit his lower lip as he thought. “My middle name is Ethan…” Dean paused a second and wondered why the hell he picked that, no one knew his middle name.
"Leave. Him. Alone."
"Dean, hey how are you?" Before he answers Castiel steps in.
"Mmm, I'm literally dying Dean." He grumbled into the pillow.
"I'm fine, just got a headache is all." Dean turned his head to look at Castiel. Stubble was growing back and his black hair looked especially wind blown. Dean gave him a half smile. “Go on, little alpha.” The use of Castiel pet name gave him a rush of relief, Dean wasn’t mad at him.
-->Hey, so I normally don't butt in on the notes/chapter posting but I want to point out that sassypants is at the beach and I am not and that really sucks, man.
“Come on Cas, I need you”
“Well, Gabriel has me as he godfather even though he probably has no idea what that means. She is one of the happiest little girls out there but won't hesitate to fight. Even though a five year old can only do so much damage. She has strawberry blonde hair and curls. She likes to climb around outside and piss off her uncles. She is very attuned to everything around her and picks up on things that are far beyond her time. She likes jokes and favors omegas, I have a feeling she will be studying omega rights when she is older.”
"I'll be living in a rats nest but it sure beats home." Alfie turned around but continued to talk. "You got plans for when school ends?" His brother fixed his drink, black with a smidge of sugar. Castiel nodded a thanks and sighed.
“Dean if you don’t calm down we are both going to fall again.” Castiel moved his hand from Dean’s elbow to his hip and the other at the lower dip of his ribs.
"Mary?" Ellen placed a firm hand on her back and started to run in soothing circles.
"Oh well hi then." The line went quiet again for a few seconds. "Dean, do you have something to tell me?" Sam knew his brother damn well, and sometimes Dean hates that about him.
“Try these on for.” Cas dramatically paused “size” At that Castiel moved his hand from Dean’s thigh to rub his soft cock to life. Dean leaned back and let out a happy sigh as Cas worked his dick.
"Mm, what do you have in mind?" Dean asked leaning back into Cas.
"Dean?" Castiel asked as he placed his bag next to the door.
"Don't you dare come back if you're going to keep up this damn macho-bigoted act!" Her voice was lost on his ears. Finally Many let out a breath and slouched. She tried to hold back her emotions but this was her pack, her family and she didn't have to hide with them.
“You may have a little kick from your lack of training, but I will not put up with such behavior that your other alpha allowed, I am not opposed to shock collars on my bitches.” The man spoke with anger grabbing Dean’s jaw and shaking his face. Dean looked him dead in the eye and bared his teeth showing no fear to his threats.
“That’s good to know.” Dean laughed nervously and bit the inside of his cheek as he was lead into a grand kitchen. Vaulted ceilings and a burt sunflower yellow for the walls stainless steel appliances and dark granite counters. It was a kitchen to die for and Dean had a sudden urge to cook. The rest of Castiel's family was gathered around the island chatting, it was still early but it seemed everyone here was already dressed for the day. Looking at everyone he felt uncomfortable and the voice in his head was telling him to run.
“Well, now it’s time to show you a blast from the past.” Before Cas could ask him what he was talking about Dean opened a door.
It felt like it took hours for the ambulance to make it, strangers surrounded Castiel and pushed Dean back. Loading him onto a stretcher shouting things that didn’t quite register in his mind. Everything was muffled like he had cotton in his ears. He wanted to scream every time someone touched Castiel but he knew it wouldn’t help. It wouldn’t change anything that had happened, they were the ones saving him. Dean had never felt so completely useless in his life and it was killing him.
"You just gonna watch me sleep?" Dean asked cracking an eye open.
"Why is his smell all over you, did he touch you?" Castiel's protective side flared at the thought.
So when Dean leaned heavily on his left knee, changing their angle just a little, and Cas wrapped his fingers around to press into the front of Dean’s thighs, pulling him closer, it was a second nature sort of thing.
"Well, I expect to be invited to your dorm after class to meet him."
Okay, this is Emilies chapter and it is her baby! She so overdid herself on this one and she is amazing!
“My-my mate just went into heat an-”
"Yeah, your slick, it's sweet." Dean just laughed.
Castiel only sigh and buried his face deeper into Dean's neck.
“Come on, wake up, come back to me.” Dean pleaded but his words fell on deaf ears.
"No, Dean it's okay this doesn't mean you're pregnant. You're still new to having a heat; you might not have a cycle yet." Castiel tried comforting, but he was panicking too. Their mixed smell of distress curled together in the air.
“Don’t  you ‘heya’ me, freckles where’s the mate?” Jo looked around and made her way to the passenger side of the car and opened the door.
They both felt confused as hell and their bodies natural instance and chemical changes only made it harder to keep their actions anywhere near platonic.
"Fine, but this isn't a fashion show." Dean smiled, yeah to everyone he hated shopping but he had wanted to find some new clothes for Cas for a long time. More form-fitting, better view.
“What, does having pups make you uncomfortable?” Castiel cocked his head and gave Dean a half smile. “I mean sex and pregnancy kinda go hand and hand, Dean.”
“Do you have any other ideas?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“That’s the idea, baby.” Dean winked laughing at Cas’ disgruntled expression. He sighed. “Okay fine, um…” Dean wracked his brain for a good story. “Well, when I was eleven Sammy and I went frog hunting.” He said
"Get what in writing?"
"Hey," Dean only gives a nod and looks down. He doesn't plan on befriending this man. If his personality is anything to be inferred from his exterior, Dean doesn’t want to mess with this guy. Becoming friends with alphas outside of his pack only leads to a messy end. How could he keep his secret and be honest with someone? It just never works.
"Yes, I do." Castiel laughed and placed a chaste kiss on Dean's cheek. It took a lot of restraint for Dean not to storm out and confront his father, yes Castiel wasn't in any grave danger unless he started peeing blood. That would be just what they needed. Nevertheless, there was a line. And John parted the Red Sea on it and fucked it up badly.
"You’re a fucking idiot," Dean muttered with a sleepy voice.
“I have no clue how to say devour. All I said was ‘I need a cat!’ I had no idea it would turn you on so much.” Castiel was now wiping away tears and Dean didn’t know if he should be annoyed or start laughing with him. He felt slightly embarrassed but how was he supposed to know what Cas had said, three years of a language and he was meant to know everything?
“In the dick, Cas! I will punch you right in the dick!”
"Still in bed, you know." He could run home pretty fast, maybe send Cas on a trip for something dumb to give him time.
The game ended an hour and a half later and the day was like any other. Sam and Adam took it upon themselves to take John out to who knows where and Jo was harassing Ash and her father. Ellen and Mary made commentary on the whole thing.
"How are you?" Dean asked excited to hear her voice, he really was getting homesick. Even with Castiel here he was still missing his pack back home in Lawrence. "I'm, I'm really great mom, how about you?" Dean didn't want to spill the beans over Castiel just yet. In all seriousness, he wasn't sure when or how he would do it. They had been technically mated since school started and it was unlike him to stay away for so long. He was just worried on how his father would take to him being someone's bitch. Dean's scent went slightly sour at the thought and that was quickly noticed by Castiel who nuzzled his neck and tickled him slightly with his stubble. Dean tried not to laugh but a small sound escaped his mouth.
After he conditioned his hair and rinsed and dried off and put on his special scent blocking deodorant. Throwing it all back under the sink he rushed out to dress and leave.
“Ah, nice.” He took one last sniff of the air and leaned back, obviously buying his story. He looked back at the clock, few more minutes and he was out of here. He clearly remembered taking his suppressants today and he hadn’t missed any days lately. It was probably just stress that was eating away at him. Just to be cautious he looked around him to see if Benny wasn’t the only one to sniff him out. So far he was being ignored and he faded nicely into the background. Others probably just assumed he was with someone and didn’t shower off the scent. Once Kali dismissed them he shot for the door and ignored all the dirty looks he received. He bolted for his dorm and prayed that Cas wasn’t home.
Castiel traced his nails down Dean's arms and with a fast and tight movement flipped him onto his stomach, the urge to submit only burned deeper in his stomach, bringing his cock to full attention. He lifted his ass into the air and crossed his arms for his head to lay on. Dean really can't remember presenting to anyone before and he didn't like the feeling he got when he thought of it. But the rest of him was so in love with the idea of giving everything over to his alpha. Before he knew it his clingy athletic shorts were pulled down to his knees, now he was really presenting. It felt so damn good when Castiel traced a line from his slicked up ass down his balls. The sweat was cold on his skin now and Dean was rocking back to gain Castiel's attention, he wanted more than a hand. Castiel made a rumbling sound of pleasure as he pushed two fingers in. In all seriousness Cas could go without prep since Dean was so aroused but the alpha enjoyed this, clearly an act of dominants but that just made Dean push his ass higher. God he hated himself for liking this, Dean wasn't a damn bitch he didn't bend over at the sight of an alpha and he most certainly does not present himself to one. But the mix of his arousal and Castiel's made him dizzy and it was an amazing feeling. Castiel fingers pressing in knuckle deep to find all of Dean's buttons and make him yelp and cry with every stroke of his hand. Scissoring him open with two amazingly talented fingers. Dean was practically drooling onto his arm.
Dean’s ear was ringing on the left side that he had been hit on but refused to give the man any satisfaction that his actions were affecting him in any way. The man turned to Crowley losing interest in Dean.
"Alrighty, and don't forget to bring that mate of yours!" Castiel hung up before he answered not wanting to start up that conversation.
Dean was holding back tears. His muscles burned and his lungs felt like they were filled with fire. It was so cold and his throat was so dry he was almost gagging.
We need to talk is never a good thing to hear. What could Dean possibly need to tell him? He had been distant for the past few day so Cas knew something was up. Would he want to end it? Was it something Castiel did?
"Watch your mouth, omega." Naomi's snapped." This is Meg, you should get to know each other because we are going to have Castiel accept her as the beta of your pack." Dean's eyes widened and he clenched his teeth.
"What about him, is there something wrong?" Alfie asked moving in closer to Dean as if this conversation got ten times more personal.
"Very, now get your ass up Winchester because we are leaving in twenty-five minutes and you smell like sex." Dean flipped off the alpha as Cas walked to the bathroom and left Dean on the floor. His back stung and he knew he would be sleeping on his stomach tonight.
"Fuck, Cas you sure are pushy when you're in ruu-aaaa!" Dean choked on his own words and dug his nails into the sheets. Dean's breathing picked up as Cas slowly took him apart. With ever slide if his tongue and glide of his teeth across his ass Dean fell deeper.
Once they made it to the huge building practically made of glass they both sauntered in, trying to intimidate the other. Signing in to the second private room available they walked into the unlocked door and closed it behind them. Dean was already walking over to the center kicking off his shoes to reveal his black and gray mismatched socks. They both discarded their sweatshirts and pants leaving them in training gear and t-shirts.
"Well you did a terrible job at it." Dean chuckled and ran his thumb over Castiel's cheek. Dean's touch sent a chill over Castiel's body and that only made his dick twitch.
“Why did I find out through Sam!” She threw her arms up in anger.
They entered the theater like room to see about a dozen couples, a dozen very cuddly affectionate couples. They were sitting on the floor in a circle, in front of the desks and chairs in the back, Dean looked at Cas with hairy eyes. “What have you gotten us into?”
"I will punch you right in the dick!" Dean shouted once he was gone, Castiel only laughed and it echoed over their bathroom.
"Sup, freckles." Jo greeted obviously eating something.
I hope you all hated Meg!!!
"No, I'm not going to go at it again you're so good to me. Go back to sleep it should go down in a few then I can rub your legs." Dean hummed in agreement and closed his eyes.
“Castiel,” It was such a broken whisper that was muffled into his bare back.
"Okay, I'm going to get right down to it. Dean is the best person I have met and I like you I really do. He is happy with you, he feels safe and that is something he rarely feels."
Once the thought crossed his mind he felt warmth soothe through his body.
“We were just talking about Meg, and how she calls him this dumb name, and he freaked out.” Dean sighed rubbing the bridge of his nose.
It was exactly what they both needed, a relaxing night after a stressful day. Dean started to rock his hips faster in rhythm with Castiel’s movements. They were curled in on each other and were as close to being one person as possible. It was the subtle buildup that was soon becoming unbearable, their skin dragging together causing warm friction between them and sending chills down Castiel’s spine. With Castiel’s hand stroking Dean faster they both picked up pace trying to time their orgasme at the perfect moment. With three more strokes Dean choked out a cry, his stomach clenching and teeth sinking into Cas who followed in less than two seconds. They were tied together muscles shaking and breath hot on each other’s skin. It was perfection, with the night drowning out everything around them Castiel was the only thing Dean’s mind could process. And it hit him.
"I can't believe you dorks still have that damn thing." Jo laughed to herself as she waved her hand at the beat-up notebook that was wrinkled and covered in postet notes.
“Oh no, who’s going to be the responsible parent?” The car erupted into laughter.
Castiel had been sitting patiently even with the feeling of ants under his skin, the itch to run after Dean. But he would want space now, so he stayed put and would try and soothe his new pack matriarch.
“I don’t have them on me, sorry but I have to get back to my mate.” He tried to emphasize the word almost as a threat that Dean was off-limits. Dean turns on his heels and ripped his arm back to leave Crowley. He quickly responded by taking one quick step until Dean felt hands wrap around his throat and a cloth pushed against his face. Almost instantly Dean finds himself falling into darkness without time to retaliate or even panic.
"Come on let's just go!" Adam complained as he stood by the door to the hallway.
"Yeah, fucking an omega in heat is such hard work!" Dean called after him "Don't go far I'll need you in another thirty minutes!"
“Oh, fuck her Cas, I mean really we have one more day and then kiss her ass goodbye!”  Castiel only nodded, this trip was more trouble than he thought it would be. Sitting in a room all day was not always fun, especial with an angsty mate so Dean decided to turn his mood around.
They told Kevin their shoe sizes and received the boots. Cas paid the rental fee, even though Dean said he'd pick up the tab.
With a huff, they broke apart and went back to digging through their bags. Dean settled with an ancient ACDC shirt and light jeans.
"Oh my little omega, I'll do it for you."
"Ashley is at an environmental meeting." Rachel crossed her arms and raised a thin eyebrow. Dean smiled at that thinking back to Castiel covered in dirt.
“So, uh you never really told me much about your family. I mean i know the basics. Shitty dad but everyone else relatively great.” Castiel asked trying to lighten the mood again, and he wanted to fill in some of the gray areas on Dean’s life.
"She got more aggressive, physically and mentally. I can still hear her voice telling me 'you're an alpha so you'll like it,'" Castiel could barely finish the sentence before he choked off into a sob. Dean slid his hands around to lock with one another and pulled Castiel closer. Pressing his lips in the middle of his back he just wanted to make it all go away. Like when John would get drunk some nights and no one was safe from his wrath. Dean was the normal target but sometimes he would go after Adam or Sammy. He’d yell at them everything that his sober mouth usually kept shut. He held Cas like he would hold his brothers. "She punished me when I couldn't knot her, she would tell me if I couldn't be the alpha then she would." Dean’s breathing halted, he knew exactly what Castiel meant and thought back to the night of their burger date, how weird Castiel had acted when he talked about bottoming. Or the way he faltered when Dean talked about being dominant for the night.
Finally the rain had stopped enough for Dean to change the tire.
"Alright," Dean looked around the room making sure all his basic essentials were shoved into Castiel's duffle bag.
"So who have you bottomed for?" Castiel asked wondering if he wanted to know the answer. None of those men truly deserved Dean, the arch of his back before his climaxes, the bow of his lip when he sleeps. His whimpers and his smell, Cas didn't even deserve it. Dean deserved a whole alpha.
Dean's barrier always fell when he was drunk enough, and he wouldn't lie to Cas, so his whiskey filled mind tried to scratch up ways to explain it all to his mate.
"That's all? Dean you lie when you are trying to hide something, not when going to talk with someone." Dean felt a ping of guilt in his gut 'I went to talk about you. '
“Then why don’t I just borrow your clothes?” Castiel laughed and placed a hand on Dean’s hip to draw him closer.
"Well you can't leave Ashley all alone now can you? Didn't find her for you for nothing." Rachel turned around.
"I know."
"I am because...I need to have sex with Dean right now." In unison both Rachel and Dean chimed in.
"Need a quarter?" Dean asked, fishing one out of his pocket. Cas took it putting it through the slot and hitting play. The booth filled with the sounds of "Your Love" by The Outfield. Dean's lip quirked.
“Well I will just make this simple, Alexander.”
Yep from the get go the Novak's clearly are doing their best to shove Dean's face in the mud.
Dean was chewing the inside of his cheek as he mindlessly scribbling trying to think of what Pamela meant. The thing missing was the other mating mark, their bodies were just reacting normally nothing profound about it and there was absolutely no damn soulbonding shit going on. He was Dean and Cas was well...Cas. He was his casual sex partner. But not his mate, not even close to that.
“Hold on, I’m going to fix this for you, get into something comfy.” He bent over picking up the clothes, folding the first few, and then gave up just dropping them in as they fall. Castiel pulled on  pair of boxer shorts and a thin white tshirt. He smiled at Dean a little.
"No, I can't say I do." Castiel smiled from his bed and leaned back against the wall waiting for Dean to finish. “You should add in to that contract of yours they you must wear panties.” Castiel gave Dean a shit eating grin and got a dirty sleep shirt thrown in his face. “I at least want to hear the story behind them.”
"Dean, how are you feeling?"
Castiel continued to search until Dean hung up with an I'll see ya soon and reentered the room.
"No problem, Dean." The soft jazz was just loud enough to hear over the chatter of students. Dean rarely stayed at the shop, he enjoyed the coffee and it was a short walk from his dorm.
Dean had come up with a steady routine of waking up, classes, and if it's not too late they go grab lunch with Rachel or Alfie and shortly after that, sex. Yeah, Dean was making up for every lost night of contact ten-fold and every night was something different.
"Sup, Cas?"
"Alistair" Dean pants as he scurries to his feet. Picking his bag off the ground and slinging it over his shoulder.
"So, how did your packs join?" It was the first Castiel had talked in a while, he was just sitting absorbing all the info he could on them. He wanted to learn the dynamics so he didn’t make any wrong moves.
"Cas, your tongue has been up my ass you really think I care?"
“Oh, baby-” Dean didn’t know what to say. Cas curled up in his arms letting out a tiny sob into Dean’s shirt. “Baby, baby, shhh.” Dean pet his hair. Cas whined rubbing his nose on Dean’s neck.
"Vanilla?" He asked "Come on, chocolate is so much better."
"So because of that, I need new clothes?" Dean knew where this was going, time to use his words.
"You talking about when they would train?" Ellen's voice was like sweet southern tea, always had that soothing balm effect. Mary truly did depend on her sometimes. She played a big role in Dean's development too, between the two of them he came out to be one amazing man.
"Funny story." Dean starts but bolts for the door and is followed by Cas as they slip between the two men and haul ass out of the building. Stopping once they are a good distance away.
“Well so nice of you to join us.” He smiled and patted Castiel’s arm. He smelt like christmas morning and baked cookies.
Fuck, he hasn't even told his parents he had a mate! Wow, Dean needed to get his priorities straight. He had a plan to just show up with Cas, he was never good at delivering news over the phone.
"I'm being followed." He let out quietly as if to make sure no one overheard. "Ever since the library and Crowley, I feel like someone is watching every damn step I take."
"Who is this?" Dean turned to Anna his tone was anything but nice.
“Just for this week, you know they never found him he just left the woods and hasn’t been back at the dorms.” Dean rolled his eyes but he knew it was Castiel’s instinct that pushed him to become so protective.
Drum roll please!
"You're right, I'm sorry it's an innocent mistake any-" Castiel couldn't finish his sentence without laughing. "Oh Dean I'm sorry but I'm like a hundred and thirty-five percent sure they teach you that in elementary school!" Dean ignored Castiel's laughter and pressed lightly on the gas as the minivan drove to the second window.
Dean wakes up in a damp basement, the air thick with mildew. There was clearly no ventilation and he could almost taste the stagnant air. Concrete flooring gave away a cellar as did the exposed pipes and a faint dripping sound was all he could collect from his environment. The exposed fluorescent light above him was nearly blinding as he tried to blink away the beams straining his eyes. Trying to pull his hands over his face to shield his lids but found his arms bound above his head tied to a rusting pipe. He then looked down at his exposed body as the only fabric covering anything was his boxer briefs -thankfully wearing those since everything else was in the wash. Dean’s senses were off and his memory was foggy, but the feeling was eerily familiar to him. The weakness of his muscles and cloudiness of his mind sent him back to his childhood.
“Nathan bit me on the right side, like I know it isn't how it should be but, like, I read that in Hindu it meant forever.” A small brunet went on, and this time Dean couldn't hold back.
Castiel knew Dean was staying in bed because if last nights fiasco. He probably didn't want to share so much with Cas. He understood Castiel kept things from Dean, he wasn't obligated to tell him anything. The fresh air was a welcome feeling, the sun hit his cheek and warmed half his face, it was slightly uncomfortable but he was just happy it wasn’t snowing. His fingers were still cold as they clutched his books but other than that he was content. Taking in deep breaths of the chilled air that felt so clean it cooled his lungs. He could almost taste spring coming and that excited Cas but also terrified him. They still had week until spring actually came and it was just an oddly warm day of winter but he feared it all the same.
“You realize you’re a total fucking nerd right?” Cas teased “You can’t deny it.”
"You think something else was happening?" Ellen lost her soothing voice and was going into more of a shocked undertone. "Like-"
I am like 75% sure this is edited but Emilie has been a little busy!
"Yes, so let's get started." Castiel was purring now, he let off a smell of pure arousal and excitement. Dean had a feeling Cas had wanted to try this for a very long time.
“Only because you’re such a good teacher.” Cas took him by both hands, skating backwards and propelling Dean forward “Woah, woah, hey, what are you doing?”
“So...you’ve hardly said a word about dad during my visit. What was he like, you know, near the end?” Sam finally breaks, speaking very quietly, not to disturb the respectful silence.
“Sam, look- ,” he starts with a heavy sigh, but Sam cuts him off with a weary hand gesture.
, but he was so tired. Cool fingers cupped his still undamaged cheek, and Dean opened his eyes obediently, although his other eye had swollen almost shut. Sam smiled worriedly, a little relieved twitch of his lips.
“I don’t know, some local beer. It all tastes the same anyway.” Sam takes a experimenting sip, smacking his mouth to get rid of the sour aftertaste.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okay, you know what? Never mind, forget I ever asked.” Sam throws his hands in the air and begins cleaning out the trash, furiously avoiding Dean’s gaze. This would a prime time to torture his brother with excessive details, but Dean’s not sure he wants to let Sam off the hook on the whole lying-thing so easily.
All the while he’s pretending to be immersed in the news, Sam keeps throwing him furtive looks, chewing on his lower lip. Dean only needs to wait a little while longer. He knows exactly how this goes, and refuses to be the one to cave in. Few more minutes pass in a sullen silence, until Sam clears his throat. Yes. A win for Dean.
here, if it wasn’t for me-”
“Okay, cut to the chase, what are you doing?” Sam clears his throat, unfazed by Dean’s grumpiness.
Dean doesn’t know how long he sits there. There are minor cuts in his hands and arms, leaving smudges of red everywhere. He never wants to get up from this floor. He’s fucking winded. And then he remembers the small piece of paper in his wallet. He wipes his hands, takes the paper out, unfolds it. Stares at the phone number, hastily written on the paper. He’s got nothing to lose.
“We-we need to go, Sammy,” Dean rasps, letting Sam work in peace. Sam doesn’t answer him, instead he focuses on wiping the blood off with careful, long sweeps, and soon the cloth is soaked through. Sam swipes over the wound on his forehead and it stings, making Dean flinch involuntarily. His brother doesn’t apologize this time.
“Yeah, I think he is”, Dean can’t help the dopey grin, and he ducks his face bashfully to hide it, not missing the pleased grunt from the older man. He opens the door, walking towards Cas in long strides, who is waiting for him patiently, leaning against the driver’s door. They’re both smiling and it always reminds Dean of that night at the airport, where they were the only people that existed for each other, because it still feels like that every time he sees Cas.
It’s Cas. He’s here and Dean’s heart is swelling from rush of emotions he doesn’t know how to reign in. He almost thought he’d never see him again. He inhales shakily, trying to find his center again.
They have to stay like that a while, catch their breath, locked in a tight embrace. Dean’s thighs shake with exertion and he has to pretend that Cas isn’t mostly holding him up. The angel breathes unevenly, warm puffs of air on Dean’s reddened cheek, fingers carding through his messy hair. Dean’s face is still buried in Cas' neck, a familiar scent of
“Maybe it’s best I’d take this case on my own,” Sam says tightly, trying not let his frustration show. Yeah, no luck there, kid. He’s not gonna get left behind.
like it was a group effort. A rational part of Dean’s brain agrees with them. When he’s alone, it’s so damn easy to pick up the bottle and not care about the consequences. The life of a hunter kept him always moving, always alert and he didn’t have the luxury to just stop and heal. But now, there’s no distractions, no next phases of some heroic plan to act out, no people to save. Things pile up, as they tend to, and alcohol is one of the healthiest coping mechanisms he has in his selection. Sometimes he drinks to forget the things he’s done. Sometimes he drinks to remember the things he’s repressed within the dark corners of his mind. “
"I didn't ask for any of that!" Dean roared back, making a dismissive gesture with his hand. A new flame of anger surged through Castiel's blood, and he closed the gap between them, swinging at him and Dean didn't even try to block the punch, almost stumbling back from the impact, cheek bruised with another mark.
"It's been three days, Cas. And now you have time to visit me?" Dean spoke with some difficulty, the words slurring together, every syllable reminding him of the bruises on his jaw. Three days to stew on his own crap. Sam could distract him only so much, and they both knew that Dean's worst enemy was himself and the endless beatings he gave himself. It filled him with anger that he was helpless against; like a stone sinking into the murky waters, and he needed to lash out.
“Any other surprises I should know about, Sam?” He asks without taking his eyes off the angel, voice rough like sandpaper. Castiel stays on his guard. The hunter is cornered, on edge, and they both know it. And those fists hurt something nasty. He forces himself not to take his eyes off the other man, taking in the haggard looks, the bags under his eyes and the neglected scruff. He did that to Dean. His resolve wanes a little, as despair sets in again. How could Sam think this is a good idea?
“Did you find anything else there? We need to find something that connects all of these victims.” Sam is right back in his element, but Dean feels last of his strength fading fast.
And he pushes his foot down harder on the gas pedal, as if that would work, when he’s already going as fast as he can.
“It’s just a dumb question, that’s all”, he shrugs dismissively, stuffing his hands into his pockets. The surprise and disappointment is clearly written on Cas’ face, but he makes quick work of smoothing his features into something unreadable. He gives Dean a tiny smile, one that tells he knows enough, too much, but is polite enough to pretend he doesn’t.
“Happy birthday, Dean.”
Their minds connect, like a rope tightening with a snap, and Castiel starts searching the newborn’s mind, wading through the fragmented feelings of rage and memories, pushing his barriers down more quickly than Raguel can rebuild them. He more feels than sees the other newborn trying to fight her way to them, before it’s too late, but Sam and Dean manage to hold her back. There’s something tugging him, a strand of grace, worn down like a frayed tendon, few stray strands separating from it, but he keeps following it further.
They’ve never really discussed it, but Castiel imagines what they have-
“W-was I out for long?”
He just needs to know they’re on the same page here, needs to what this means to Cas, because he couldn’t let him walk away from this like it didn’t mean anything. Fuck, he sounds like a fucking girl. Cas lets out a tiny huff.
"Oh, I don't think you can."
The miles stretch before Castiel. He’s been driving non-stop for three hours, mercilessly exhausting his gas tank and blatantly ignoring all the speed limits. If there’s ever been a moment, when he’s wished he could have his wings back, this is it, because traveling by car feels so slow and cumbersome, especially now. He’s tried calling Sam for several hours, but there’s been no answer, not a message, not a beep. The last time he heard of him, Sam explained that Dean had been attacked and was in a hospital, but not in critical condition, he had reassured him, but had sounded anxious all the same. But Castiel had felt the same ripple in the frequency he’s always attuned at, as before the other murders, the same wrongness of it, and it had felt like a bomb going off underwater. Ever since, Castiel has been sick with worry. Anything could’ve happened to them. He sees the Winchesters helpless, wounded, dying, and truth be told, Castiel didn’t even know he possessed such an imagination to conjure up those images.
“Cas, no- your anger wasn’t out of line, I know I’ve been acting completely mental around you and it was unfair to you, but I was just… so terrified of my feelings when I realised what was going on. Seeing you didn’t help at all and- and  I was a fucking mess, so I just thought you finally were done with me.” Dean focuses on his hands, instead of Cas sitting right there, white-knuckling his forgotten bottle. He feels Cas’ heavy gaze on him.
“And you think you’re entitled to interfere with my life because I handle my problems differently, is that it?” Dean barks, quick to defend himself. Whatever dark thoughts whispered in his ear get drowned out momentarily by anger. This schtick is getting old; Sam lying to him for the greater good.
“It’s not safe for him there. Those angels, they’re out for blood. I didn’t even hear that fucker coming until he had rammed me into the railing.
“Well, what did you think?” Dean asks, watching him shuffle towards the shelves that houses all of his movies, games, even a couple of books. Family photos. He sees the man observe his family pictures carefully, but doesn’t comment on them. Instead Castiel gives him a carefully controlled, neutral look, like he’s weighing his words.
"Yup." Dean would reply with a tone that didn't make room for any more questions.
“It’s not mine,” he slurs. Sam’s shoulders relax a little and he edges closer, stepping carefully over all the bits and pieces of human meat flung in every direction.
“I’m gonna go to the bathroom”, he mumbles and without waiting for a reply, he rushes up and leaves. A man reeking of alcohol passes him in the doorway, but once he enters the bathroom, he’s alone. The music and the chatter of the crowd is still audible even through the door, but for the first time in hours, Dean is by himself. His ears still ringing from the noise, Dean lets out the shaky breath he’s been holding in and leans on the sink heavily. He watches his reflection in the dirty mirror, seeing his shoulders rise and fall with each inhale and exhale. The guilt is ever-present there, almost a visible thing, crawling under his freckled skin, making his green eyes look back at him hollowly. He wants to mar his unblemished skin, wants to cut it out and rip every tendril of that sick feeling off. Suddenly, the door opens loudly and Dean flinches in surprise, head snapping in the direction of the noise. His eyes lock with Cas’, as the man freezes for a heartbeat, until he starts making his slow approach to Dean.
“You forced Cas to watch all of your favorite movies? I’m sorry man.” Cas shrugs, while Dean glares at them both indignantly.
Dean blinks furiously, body scrambling to balance itself, his hand grasping for something, a thin wrist, tightly locked in his hair. He tries to claw and kick and hit her, growling and grunting, but he can’t twist around or weaken the adamant hold in his scalp. Her other arm has lodged itself around his throat, and Dean has to fight for air. Eyes blearily focusing on the sigil in front of him, he brings his hand up laboriously, stubbornly starts painting the details outside the circle, a final fuck you because he knows there’s no way out of this, all the while fighting her with all that he’s got. Dean distantly hears the horrified screams of the nurse and the angry growl of the angel,
“Yeah, me too.” Cas sounds like he’s given up and Dean hates himself for that.
“I’m okay, Cas.”
“I never said you didn’t.”
“Why don’t you head there first to get the lay of the land? We’ll finish up here with Sam, sniff out the leads, the usual. We’ll catch up with you.” Cas and Sam turn to look at him, Cas with clear disappointment in his eyes and Sam looking like he wants to say something but will regret it afterwards. He glances between Dean and Cas, settling on the latter and hands back the phone.
“I’m not looking for pep-talks right now. What we need, is our weapons and everything that might slow him down.” He knows he’s spoken too harshly the second the words leave his mouth, in the way Sam’s mouth tightens and his posture stiffens, like Dean would’ve hurled something heavy at him. Sam stands up straighter and nods, once.
“Okay, if you say so.” Cas sounds confused, but he doesn’t press further. Dean wants to hit himself. He made things a hundred times worse with his awkward behavior, and he needs to spend the next nine hours with Cas in a confined space. He just needs a moment, a moment to collect himself so he can feel normal and not behave like a constipated asshole. God, he needs whiskey.
Castiel took a step forward, forcing Dean to move with him. The hunter just kept waiting for his big move, backing down slowly so he would be ahead of Castiel’s movements, their eyes never leaving each other, ready to rebel against the angel. They stopped when Dean's back hit the wall, and the hunter gave him a crooked smirk. It was a twisted version of his smiles that had brought sunshine into the room, and Castiel’s heart wrung in his chest momentarily with longing for the man in the past.
Cas has called him a couple of times, sounding more and more hesitant when he’s talking to Dean, and he’s trying so hard to ignore that stupid fucking dream, because it’s fucking them up too. He had to cancel on their weekly breakfast at Cas’, and although Cas had masked his disappointment well, Dean could detect how his voice got more tense over the phone. He really needs to get his shit together, because he misses Cas’ company. Dean’s not even sure himself why he’s made such a big deal of it, but he’s sure that Cas will be able to read him like a book, if he sees him now. Seeing the guilt, the sudden apprehension. Dean’s straight, and he shouldn’t have thoughts like that about other men. He doesn’t. It was just a fluke. He watches porn, jerking off to busty, oiled-up women, but he keeps hovering over videos of men fucking each other, until he realises what he’s doing, closing his laptop in a panic. He spends sleepless nights, staring at the blank walls in the dark, the feeling of wrongness beating down on him.
“I’m curious. Which black and white films do you like, Sam?” Cas leans forward, head tilting slightly like he’s dying to know the answer and Sam lights up, probably squealing inside for the chance to talk about boring shit like that. Dean rolls his eyes and aims for a look that says he’s ready to die this second, but truth be told, the fact that Sam and Cas are getting along so well, is filling him with relief and a giddy happiness. They’re very similar in some ways; intelligent and well-educated, good with people and with a streak of nerdy hobbies. He follows their excited conversation quietly, shaking his head disapprovingly every minute or so to keep up the appearances. Cas has gravitated closer to him again in the midst of their discussion, their knees bumping occasionally and Dean finds he doesn’t mind the closeness at all.
“Thanks for the ride, Dean.” The door closes gently after him. And then the strange man is there, he’s hugging Cas and Cas is hugging back tightly, both smiling like they haven’t seen each other in centuries. Cas didn’t mention what kind of friend he’s seeing, and come to think of it, Dean knows virtually nothing about his social circles. He’s met some of Cas’ friends shortly, but they’ve never really spent any time together, so he could be dating several men for all Dean knows. Is Cas sheltering him from certain aspects of his life? There’s something, a very uncomfortable feeling that fights to get out, tightening in Dean’s chest, but he doesn’t want to find out what it is, so he clamps it down and drives off, eyes catching the two men, still standing very close to each other, in the rear mirror. Whatever. It’s none of his business.
"You know how Dean is. He isn't used to relationships, especially like this, so it takes a while for him to adjust." Sam had smiled at him reassuringly.
“You’re really into wood, huh?” He wonders out loud, searching for his thoughts for some topics of smalltalk, but Castiel just looks at him, wide-eyed and sort of taken back and he realises what he has blurted out. Dean turns red, mouth working overtime to come up with an any excuse to cover up his blunder. He’s fuckin
“I-I don’t know, man. Maybe someday we’ll be smart enough work through our shit differently. But we’ll get through this, right?” Dean can’t help the soft smile that warms him from the inside. Maybe it’s mushy and touchy-feely, but after the wringer they’ve been through in the past few days alone; it’s much needed.
“It’s alright that I call you Cas, right? I didn’t realise it was just a nickname.”
What the
"Yes you can!" Castiel had gripped Dean's collar tightly, hissing the words through his teeth, despair awaking the long dormant wrathful angel he had once been, blue eyes icy and demanding. But he had met only with the empty gaze of the hunter, and no matter how he had searched his eyes, he could no longer find any ounce of fight in Dean.
But Sam gives in and cuts a large hole in the fabric, trying to avoid the edges of the seeping wound. He hands Dean a flashlight and makes quick work of cleaning the wound, revealing a few ruptured stitches. Dean hates the stitching up-part, but he endures it quietly, fogging up the glass with warm puffs or air. The damp clothes seem to suck out all the warmth from his body, and his bare feet, save for the cast on his leg, are numb and icy. He feels fine tremors starting to move through his abused body. He probably looks as fantastic as he feels. Cas could fix this in an instant. Dean really misses him right now.
"I need you." The words were so incoherent, so broken, Dean could hardly understand it was still him who voiced them. There was a not a hint of recognition in Castiel's eyes, when the angel stared emotionlessly down at him. It was not Castiel doing this, Dean reminded himself, clinging to hope that he could break through this cold mask. Dean would've begged more, would've done anything if it meant bringing the angel back from whatever he was going through. He opened his bruised lips for a silent prayer, and as he raised his unfocused eyes to meet Castiel's stormy blue ones, he saw a subtle sign that a violent inner battle was still raging inside him. Dean had no idea what Castiel was fighting inside his own mind, but he had to hope with every ounce of his faith that the angel was strong enough.
“Will you, uh, touch me?” He’s not even sure why he’s still hesitant to voice his desires to Cas, but each plea feels like handing out the most fragile parts of his heart on a silver platter. The angel growls
Dean’s thoughts are interrupted, when Cas makes a small sound and sits up straighter next to him.
”How about you start dealing with the fact that you keep always lying to me, huh? Keeping things from me?” That shuts Sam up effectively. Dean watches his brother take a step back, the fire in his eyes dimming, whole posture slumping in defeat. This isn’t the first time at all this has come up in their fights. It’s basically the story of Dean’s and Sam’s lives, lying and keeping secrets from each other, all because they always thought it was better that they try to fix the world alone. And Dean knows Sam has his own regrets of letting down his brother, even though they’ve worked through most of that crap. But sometimes that old anger surfaces, and Dean slightly regrets his heated comment the second it comes out of his mouth, because he knows how much it hurts Sam.
“Maybe later”, he mutters, escaping into his drink.
“Okay. Okay. We need to figure out where we can hole up and what to do next,” Sam starts talking. Dean can feel the waves of anxiety roll off him and he gathers every ounce of willpower he still possesses to be of help to him.
“A buffed-up asshole with delusions of grandeur. Great. How do we kill it?”
"Well maybe I want you to." Dean spread his hands, inviting Castiel to take a hit. Castiel frowned, not sure what Dean was getting at.
“You can spare me the ‘it’s not you’-speech, I know I fucked up and I get if you don’t want nothing to do with me.”
He lets out a tiny breath in relief.
“Yeah, um, no. He wasn’t really my type.” He glances at his hands, not elaborating any further. Dean struggles for something to say, but there’s a cacophony of relieved and panicked voices blocking every sensible thought he’s ever had. He’s been scared to ask Cas about it. He was scared, because he wasn’t sure how he’d react, if Cas had said something else.
“I should be able to make a connection with him through a sigil, once a newborn host is near enough. It takes a lot my strength to do that, so you need to do most of the fighting. If he’s been tracking Dean, I think we can safely conclude that he’s coming after him, sooner or later. I suggest we simply wait for him to come to us.” Dean nods in approval. Simple and effective. He likes it. Sam doesn’t voice any protests either. They contemplate the plan quietly for a moment. Then Sam huffs out a breath, clearly trying to voice something that’s been bothering him.
Dean’s almost at the end of the corridor, regarding every closed door he passes with heightened alarm, but no one jumps at him from the shadows.
“I will explain in a minute, but right now, I need to check on my brother, and I need you to stay calm, okay?” The nurse just stares at him blankly, then finally nodding once. And then Sam is already on Dean’s side, crouching beside him.
"Damn it's good to see you", Dean had whispered, hovering over his mouth for a time that felt like eternity, then planting a light kiss on his lips. Castiel had kissed him back with the same tentativeness, until Dean had found his brashness again and started demanding more, letting his tongue caress Castiel's mouth, all the while untying his black tie with sure fingers, slipping it off and throwing it on the floor. Castiel had opened his mouth, letting Dean ravage him. He had pulled the hunter even closer by his hair, feeling Dean's hand trail paths along his chest and stomach. Dean's muscular body had been pressed against his side, grinding against him slowly. That had been a new feeling, and Castiel had definitely liked it, but drudgingly he had made himself more still, kisses lighter, not to spur the other man on. He had felt Dean's smile into the kiss. They had talked about this once, when Dean had thought it was ridiculous they were going slow like lovesick virgins, but underneath the complaining he seemed to appreciate it all the same because in a way, it was completely new for them both."Gotta protect your chastity", Dean had smirked, always in the end turning it into a joke that Castiel didn't quite get.
Dean walks past the living room several times before he can enter it. The smell of death is stronger there. Everything is exactly how dad left it. Half-drank beer bottles on the table. An old leather couch, the worn-down covering, imprints visible on the brown skin. TV in the corner. He spots his leather jacket on the backrest of an armchair. He thought he had lost it. Dean suddenly remembers; it was the last time he had visited dad. They’ve sat in the living room and watched the game. Nothing special. Dad had been in a okay mood, commenting the game often, chugging down whiskey like it was nothing. Then a call had came from Bobby, asking Dean to come to work for few hours, as they needed and extra pair of hands, so he rushed off in the middle of the game, leaving his jacket behind. And that was that. He never even got to say goodbye.
it. He curls up on his side and hugs his pillow, trying to block the thoughts saying he just jerked off thinking about another man. His best friend. He’s gonna ruin it, because no good things will happen to him, when there’s something inside of him that’s so deeply faulty.
Dean can’t let the day end like this. He turns around, facing Cas, heart jumping through his chest with sudden panic, because he’s laying much closer than Dean realised.
“Dean, I’m in this mess with you, good or bad, and I’m here by my own free will. I have your back. But I still think you should make up with Cas.” Dean opens his mouth to argue, but Sam raises his hand, shutting him up.
“God, Cas, this omelette is fucking delicious”, Dean manages between the gigantic bites of the said dish, devouring it as fast as he can without choking on it. Cas observes him silently, partially in amusement and disgust. He sets down his coffee cup, pushing a small tray of something that strongly spiced-smelling in Dean’s direction. “Here, try this with it.”
“Dean. I need to heal you. Will you allow me to do that?” Cas asks very seriously.
Their beer runs had always threatened to stretch into late hours, Dean taking him to local pubs for drinks, breaking into a small movie theater to catch that latest movie Dean had wanted to see and just taking the Impala out for a ride. The man had seemed to burst with energy when he was coming up with things to do that he wanted to share with Castiel, touching his shoulder more than usual, brushing occasionally against him when they sat side by side. For Castiel, anything Dean was willing to give him had always been good enough for him, so he had said yes to their adventures, earning him a hearty grin every time.
A week into his guilt-ridden insomnia, he finally gives in sometime after midnight and he fetches his laptop, very discreetly clicking that one video he’s been eyeing before, of two guys giving each other blowjobs. He can’t take his eyes off it, barely lasting few minutes until he comes hard into his own hand, jaw clenched tight so he won’t make any noise. Quickly closing his laptop, Dean cleans his fingers, body still thrumming with restless energy, and he feels ashamed. Next night, he wakes up achingly hard in the middle of the night, and he remembers he dreamt of Cas; his throaty moans as Dean was sucking his cock. He stubbornly ignores his own erection, until he gives up and starts jerking himself off fast, trying to think about the girls he’s slept with, but the images of Cas’ fingers in his hair and his cock in his mouth is what finishes him off. The orgasm doesn’t satisfy Dean; he feels ashamed, because he
He asks when they talk about good movies, and Dean feels a unexpected surge of excitement in his chest.
“I mean, maybe when we were young, but Gabe has his hands full with the lawsuit nowadays.”
With shaky fingers, he reaches for the wound, getting his fingers wet with blood and starts painting a circle, drawing the angel banishing sigil from memory. Every line is etched into Dean’s mind, with all the times he’s had to use it, all the near deaths they’ve avoided. He wets his fingers again, faintly aware that his hospital gown is soaked with blood. It doesn’t feel like so significant right now. Suddenly, a fearful voice cuts through the haze.
“I mean… does that business with the Mark still keep you awake at night?” Dean feels too tired to wonder if his question makes even sense to Sam. He hasn’t a clue whether Sam will reject the whole subject or deflect it. But it’s something he feels needs to be said.
“Yeah”, he breathes out, pushing the door open. It’s still raining like motherfucker, water gathering in large puddles in the parking lot. Couple of street lights have gone out, the torrential rain beating on the roofs of the buildings in the dark. The damp coldness sobers Dean somewhat, and he’s able to stand on his feet more or less steadily. Instead of diving straight into the rain, Dean stays under the small canopy shielding the front door, Cas standing next to him. “You took the bus?” He asks, turning to Cas, who’s standing with hands in his pockets, the trench coat tightly wrapped around his body.
"Yes you can", Castiel had repeated, Dean's resignation seeping into his waning hope with its cold tendrils, making his words less convincing. He had gripped Dean, pulling him into a crushing hug, and Dean hadn't resisted. The man had felt less warm, less familiar than ever, but it was the eyes that had mostly shook Castiel to his core, leaving him terrified for the man. The eyes of someone who had given up, shrouding everything else Dean had been.
"What about you? An angel of the lord? Who are you kidding, you're
So, it might not be the wisest decision to meet up with Cas after work one day. Cas texts him, saying he’s going on a trip for two weeks and if Dean wants to hang out before he leaves, so of course he can’t say no. Dean suggests a tiny bar in his neighbourhood, because it feels like a safer choice than spending time one-on-one with Cas right now.
“Yeah, uh, I got all this stuff I wanna donate to the shelter?” Dean explains, feeling very misplaced. He’s not used to doing this. The man gives him a small, encouraging smile, and his blue eyes draw Dean in, unable to look away.
Juliet Mannings has less interesting things to say than Dean thought it was possible. Between the loud exclamations of “where has this world gone to?” and blaming excessive coffee drinking for the untimely death of his dear husband, he manages to fish out few bits of useful leads.
“We’ve had worse,” they both say at the same time. Dean can’t help the mischievous grin that spreads to his face, and Sam grins warmly in response.
Sam clears his throat after a while, eyebrows screwed tight, like he’s been preparing himself to ask a question. Dean keeps his bleary eyes fixed on his bottle, waiting him out.
“Dean, what- what do you think is happening here?” Cas sounds distressed, his voice frail like he’s fighting to keep all the emotions from bleeding out.
“Drop it, Sammy.” Dean barks, dropping his gaze, his tense body deflating. And for once, his brother listens and leaves it be. There are certain lines they can’t cross, and both of them still respect them. But the prodding has taken its toll and Dean feels spent already. He gathers his hardly touched breakfast and dumps the soggy cereal in the trash can.
“Cas, it’s okay”, he whispers hoarsely, inching closer to him in the dark. Dean’s
“Why the fuck do I keep falling for the closeted ones?” Cas groans, running his hands through his hair.
“Stop it, you horndog.” He tugs at Cas’ boxers, until he gets the message and slides them off himself, freeing his hardened cock. Dean wraps his fingers around Cas, pumping the length lazily, keeping their faces millimeters apart. Cas settles a hand on his bicep, digging his nails into the muscle without probably even realising it. His cheeks are flushed, pupils dilated, and the light paints vivid shadows on his face. Warm breath puffs against Dean’s lips. It’s a beautiful image; one that Dean can’t get enough of.
And sometimes when Dean is having one of his bad days, Cas tends to notice his quietness, and he always calls at the end of the day, offering his company to Dean, no matter how busy he might be. Shoving his feelings down a whiskey bottle has always been his go-to, when everything starts to feel like it’s too much, but one time he accepts Cas’ offer, god knows why. Cas ends up cooking in his kitchen, forcing Dean to chop onions and other vegetables for a stew, and they have a nice meal, instead of Dean getting drunk by himself. Cas never asks about it directly, but his smile is little softer when he hugs Dean as a goodbye. For some reason he doesn’t want to let his new-found friend down, so he doesn’t listen to that little, toxic voice inside his head next time he passes a liquor store.
“I, uh…Sheridan Road. Car-Mart. Warehouse.” Fuck it hurts. What wouldn’t he give for some whiskey now.
Frustration is making Castiel desperate, and he pushes and pushes against the onslaught of grace, but he can’t move an inch. Grace is burning up in him, and feels it spreading around him, his featherless wings unfold and the air around them sizzles with raw energy. The resistance slowly gives out, and everything is slowly starting to glow now, the pure power almost ripping his body apart. Castiel thrums with it, the feeling is almost...incredible. The newborn try to hold on, but Castiel wades through the thick energy, places his fingers on the woman’s forehead, burning him out from the inside. Her body hits the floor, the sound of it dulled under a deafening howl of his ravaged grace, and he yanks the last remaining newborn closer, tearing through the remains of his mind with the force of a galewind, searching for the angel’s presence. It tries to rip itself loose, evading him, but Castiel zeroes in, mind clear and bright. He finds what he’s looking for, hurls the last of his power at Raguel, before he breaks the connection. There’s a bright flash, and then it gets very dark.
the one who hurt Charlie, I was aware and I didn't stop. I would've-" Dean had stopped abruptly when his voice choked. Castiel had taken a cautious step forward, arm extended, ready to support the hunter, but Dean had swatted the hand away angrily.
quickly.
“Christ, Dr. Phil, do you ever stop talking?” Dean gets up, trying to put some distance between them. But Sam gets up as well, blocking his path. They both stand tall, glaring daggers at each other. Dean’s muscles are tight with tension, fingers curled in a fist. He wishes right about now that this matter could be fixed with a one, satisfying punch. But he’s done with that.
“Yes, to all of that”, Dean mumbles, flushed, and he needs to shut Cas up like right now. He surges in, kissing the other man’s mouth, his jaw, dragging his teeth through the long stubble, enjoying the way Cas’ fingers seem to burn marks into his skin. He lets Dean pick the pace, hands experimentally roaming under the hem of Dean’s t-shirt, trailing the muscles of his back with feathery touches. Dean shivers, and he shyly pushes their hips together, feeling the swell of Cas’ jeans against his own hard-on. He gasps into Cas’ mouth, completely unprepared how it all feels, and he does it again, eliciting a small groan from Cas. Fuck, he’s been missing out on so much. The other man slides his hands on Dean’s flank, digging his fingers into the meat of his ass, encouraging him to grind their groins together, and Dean complies happily. He moves slowly on Cas’ lap, bodies flush against each other, tiny gasps filling the air as he’s trying to angle his hips to drag their erections together. Cas keeps looking at him with wide-blown pupils, grasping the hem of his shirt and pausing there, like he’s waiting for Dean’s permission. Dean nods, allows Cas to pull the shirt off and discard it somewhere. He stills under Cas’ appreciative gaze, suddenly feeling oddly insecure of himself. The other man picks up on the slight change of his composure, settling a steadying hand on Dean’s chest, drawing nonsensical figures on his sternum.
“Thanks a lot,” Dean mutters to it, voice hoarse and shaky. Now that he’s starting to come down from the high of the fight, pain is becoming more and more insistent in various places. His ankle is throbbing fiercely, but the sharp pain under his ribs reminds him of itself with every shallow breath, burrowing into his innards. His whole body hurts like a motherfucker. Dean wants nothing but close his eyes and succumb into the darkness that’s creeping closer and closer. He almost does, but he forces his eyes open, steels his nerves, because he has to move, can’t stay here-
"I've been thinking for the past few days, since your conversation with your brother." Dean paused trying to pull together enough courage to continue. Castiel notices how tight his throat was as he talked, like each word hurt.  "We've made a lot of changes to this thing, ya know. Took a few weeks for us to make the changes but once we did I feel like we were crossing them off left and right. Except one. The family affairs." Castiel opened his mouth to talk but Dean stopped him. "No, Cas let me finish. The only rule we haven't taken off this damn piece of paper has been the no family rule. We have sex, we go out for coffee and burgers, we share a bed, a shower, and we just-” He sighs” I don't want this contract anymore, Cas." There it was, the blow Castiel had been fearing. He felt like he was going to vomit or cry. His body started shaking violently and he felt physical pain in his gut. ‘you failed your mate, trash, no good, just a stupid bottom bitch.’  His throat was constricting and his eyes prickled, he was right. Dean Winchester would destroy him. Why didn't he just keep it to the contract? Why did they have to change? Maybe he would still have Dean. The smell in the room curdled and it looked like the words Dean was about to say what he meant by all this, but it just wouldn’t leave his tongue. Dean was looking at the contract and didn’t notice Castiel stumbling backwards towards the door, not until his hand was on the knob and he was gone.
So now it was one of their days off and Dean was in the mood for sex, and who was Castiel to deny him such a thing.
"He said he wasn't feeling well so I don't know where he could have gone."
“God, I love you,” Cas gasped breaking from the kiss. “my,”  kiss “perfect,” kiss “little-” Swiftly Cas flipped them and rutted down hard, “not pregnant,” kiss, kiss, “omega.” Dean laughed as Castiel’s kisses went down his neck.
"Like what?" Dean pulled away and grabbed the bags and dumped them onto his bed. He fidgeted from leg to leg, obviously getting off to the friction of his jeans. From what he smelt Dean came a few times since he left and he was still bursting at the seams.
“I’m so sorry.” Dean had no words, he could only help so much, Dean loves Cas and Cas loves Dean but he didn’t have the power to fix everything. He could listen as long as Castiel needed but he couldn’t change the past, he could only be here for him now.
"You really did it. So damn serious looking."
“Yeah I have totally heard that before.” A small man spoke up “I mean let’s see your mark, buddy.” Dean glared at the other alpha and pointed to the bite on his neck.
"What? Was it some drunken hookup? Wait when did they find out you were an omega? It was a drunken hookup, wasn’t it...Damnit, Dean!"
"Yeah, that was- fuck." They both started laughing as they thought of the man's face.
Not that he didn't like Cas, last night he needed the man. Maybe it was Cas he needed to talk about but he had no one to do that with. Before he actually gave any real thought to it he had dialed Jo's number.
"I've got them but once Balthazar and I become mates we burned them."
“Dean, it’s okay we will find a way to fix this.” Dean only nodded, the room was filled with silence and they went back to their normal doings.
“Dean, being an alpha isn’t like winning the Olympics.”
“Who’s your guest?” Her voice is exactly what Castiel pictured it to be, warm like the pie she makes and the hugs she gives. His mother never had a voice like that, he wanted to just take it all in.
“Bobby has a shop about thirty miles out of Lawrence in Topeka. I was originally gonna run it but we haven’t talked about it lately.”
“You said that already, dummy.” Dean said, nudging him playfully. Cas purred, nuzzling close, running his fingers through Dean’s short hair. Dean melted, returning the affection, rubbing Castiel’s stomach.
"Go to sleep." He whispered into Dean's ear and lowered them to the bed.
"Is your roommate getting like possessive over you or something? He might be going into rut if he acts like he's marking you. Watch your ass Dean. Literally." Dean let out a huff of laughter, he wasn't worried about that.
"Cas wake up." Dean untangled himself from Castiel's arms and shook the man's shoulder.
"I'm sorry, did you just say you are gonna throw in this bitch to my pack?" Dean snarled at Naomi and now he knew why Anna sounded so worked up.
"Dean, lunch is ready!" Mary wiped her hands on her apron and put the pie in the counter to cool. She knew Dean could smell the sticky sweet cinnamon and the soft patter of his feet made her smile.
"Oh, what did you talk about?"
“Cas-.” Dean pushed his hair back his voice dripping with worry. Castiel wished he could say he was okay and walk it off but he still couldn’t breathe. Something dug into his back still and prevented him from speaking. Just gasping for breath at this point Dean hauled him up and pressed him into his chest. His scent was instantly soothing and it helped regulate his heartbeat. With his back lifted from the ground, he could now take a full breath. “Are you okay?”
"Don't call him that." Castiel didn't mean to snap at her.
The walk to the coffee shop is quiet. Dean receives a few odd glances but he just lets them roll off. He was an omega now and that came as a huge shock to the people who knew him. Walking through campus was now a burden as more people  watched and whispered.
“I am not!” Dean protested laughing.
"Well can we move to a more comfortable position?" Dean asked shaking his ass again, his legs feeling numb from Castiel sitting on them.
"Geez, Cas we find out I’m not pregnant and you go right into it!" Dean dropped to his knees to catch Castiel's lips. "Just kiss me." It was such an amazing rush of relief that he was negative. That meant his birth control was working just fine.
“Shut up and hold my hand, you prick.” Dean grumbled. Cas laughed.
“Castiel, if you don’t take Meg into your pack I won’t be paying for you home after college.” And that was it, Castiel’s face hardened and he seemed hurt by her words.
Castiel's bed had a dark blue comforter that was kicked to the bottom  of the bed and a single pillow  That Dean propped himself up against. He had his back against the headboard, knees bent and legs spread. A pair of red lace and silk panties was all he had on and Castiel was at a loss for words.
“What kind of green there’s like three hundred different kinds. Is it barf green; army?” Castiel reached out and pulled Dean towards him guiding his lips to Dean’s.
"I've got a mate." Dean froze and he listened to the buzz over the phone. No one talked for a few painfully long beats.
“Oh come on that’s like us having matching pet names.” Castiel complained.
"No, don't ‘Dean-’ me , tell me what is wrong. I can't stand to see you like this. What did I do to you?" Dean's voice faltered by the end. His hair shagged down droplets of water sliding down his face.
Dean was right, that game was exciting, it made your stomach turn with anxiety and energy shoot through your veins as you try to be the faster one.
"I don't know how I didn't smell myself beforehand, I mean I felt it but I chalked it up to stress and exhaustion."
“I’m fine, Cas really.” Dean placed his hand on Castiel’s knee and gave a soft squeeze.
He took one last look at Dean before he left. The door automatically locked behind him and he confronted the four alphas waiting outside.
“Why no knot?” Dean asked, or whined from Castiel’s point of view.
Dean was woken up by Castiel’s alarm, he felt remarkably better than yesterday except for his aching cock. He was still thankful it was his day off. Dean shoved all his classes into a three day span so he could have the rest of the week to himself. He watched the alpha walk around the room to gather clothes and change with one eye open. He was definitely going back to sleep, maybe go back to the library. But he definitely had something to tend to before he went back to bed. He just had to wait for Cas to leave. Suddenly he felt wet, warm slick dampen his underwear. He remained completely frozen and kept one eye cracked open to watch Castiel’s reaction.
Dean didn't respond, he wouldn't dare promise that to Castiel because he would always do as he saw fit. If he felt he didn't need to drag someone into a situation then he would do anything to keep them away. This just happened to not be one of those times.
“You know what I love about pie?” Dean whispered into Castiel’s mouth. “It has that crunchy flaky crust that is almost buttery.” Dean purred into Castiel’s mouth as he started to undo his jeans and set his dick free from the harsh fabric. “ It’s just so sweet and sticky. I always make such a mess with it. Licking it off my fingers and cheek.” Dean slowly lowered his body so he was inches from Castiel’s still boxer clad cock. Dean had his ass raised and pushed against the door since the impala wasn't really made for this. Castiel was leaning completely in his door and it took all his restrain not to grab Dean and shove him into his groin. Almost as if the omega had read his mind he leaned in and pulled his jeans past his waist to mouth through his boxers at Cas’ dick. Castiel let out a choked off yelp as he bucked forward wanting to fuck into Dean’s hot mouth. “But I think that is my favorite part of pie, getting to lick myself clean after. Sometimes I slide my finger around in the leftover smears. Taking my time to suck every drop off my fingers.” Finally, Dean started pulling down his boxers and Cas’ hissed with his cock bobbed in the cool air. Resting against his stomach with beads of precome dripping onto him he almost bit his tongue in anticipation.
I had surgery so I have been a little out of it... and by that I mean sleeping and watching so much Xena Warrior Princess it should be illegal!
"No shit, Sherlock."
"I can give you a back rub now and later tonight I can really repay you."
"No, just me! You've got to be kidding me!" Dean smacked his forehead with his palm. Then he turned to Cas and smacked his arm. “How could you do this to me?”
On the walk to the dorm Castiel was hounded with questions about Dean.
"But it was my idea to come here!" He protested. Dean merely shrugged handing of the money, which was honestly pretty cheap for the two of them.
“What?” Dean almost growled
“Do we have any prize for when I win?”
2) Beta's have a strong smell towards mates and pack members but are very bland when a stranger sniffs them out
“That’s my favorite song!” he said shaking the phone in Cas’ face.
I now present to you the spark that lights one hell of a fire!
“Well I do learn, and I also met Dean.”  Castiel was pissed, Dean could feel it pouring off of him in waves. It was an odd feeling, now that their mating was completed he had a sixth sense when it came to Castiel, even from a distance he could feel him.
Dean broke one night when he felt Castiel's eyes on his back as he typed up his research paper.
Drugged that was it, the last thing he remembered was the library. Dean studied the room, his hands were tied in a decent knot, but he could probably get out of it. The real problem was who took him and why. As far as omegas go he is no prize. He is too big, tall, and muscular. Even his cock is intimidating to some alphas. He wasn’t small not physically or mentally so they must want something else. As if some absent god answered his question the door at the top of the rotting wooden stairs opened. The slow creaking footsteps reminded him of every damn horror movie he had ever seen. The worst part was he was playing the trite role of the omega in distress. But the man proceeded to come closer.
"I have a very select clientele, very picky and I needed to find a dominating and powerful Onega and that just so happen to be you"
"Holy shit, shhh Sam he'll hear us!" Adam urged.
That only pushes Dean faster but fire is already licking his lungs and his muscles are screaming out in pain. This can't be happening this can't be real. Dean is on suppressants, he has been tested on and drugged up to be changed to a beta this can't be heat it just can't be.
“Dean, honey are you okay?” Mary asked, sounds of worry clear in her voice.
Holy shit I am alive!!!
"God, Cas when are you getting back." Dean sounded just as breathless as him.
"Honey, no mate is perfect, lord knows Bobby gets to me." Ellen rubbed Mary's shoulder lovingly and gave her husband a small smile. Bobby grumbled from across the room and took another swig of beer. Ellen was playing off the fight, she knew another emotional talk would come from this later. "Not to this extent but Dean is a good boy, John can't take a damn thing from him."
"Don't be a punk okay." Dean walked between Adam and Sam and tried to help them for their first day. Dean was four years older but he had to be held back one year in kindergarten and another in the first grade, because of that he was a senior and his little brothers were freshmen.
"Oh yeah? Get some paper lets get this shit down!" Dean stood up playfully and looked through his nightstand for paper. He rummaged through but could only find CD’s and packs of gum and discarded wrappers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Leaning down to spit Castiel was alarmed by a large amount of red he found in the sink.
"Shit, Dean, I am so sorry! I really don’t remember that at all!" Cas tried to comfort him but Dean just moved away walking back to the bathroom.
"This mating deal, you know put in what we will and won't do. You know so you don't abuse my heats." Castiel scoffed and sat up.
“Nah, you’re all good Cas, why?”
“Do we really need this? I mean we both obviously know how sex works.” Dean whispered over to Cas, a little while later, sitting very low in his theater style chair, hiding his face from the teacher, standing in front of the class and giving the lesson.
"Your half-caf, double-vanilla latte is getting cold over here, Francis!" Dean called across the shop and Sam shot him a dirty look from across the shop. Once he found what he was looking for Sam made his way back to everyone.
“What?” Dean looked gobsmacked “Are you kidding?”
“Excellent.” Dean said folding up the paper and putting it in his back pocket. The others were beginning to take their places now. Cas turned his attention to the front of the room, Dean rolled his eyes and sighed, already bored.
Once they arrived Dean was ready to jump out of his skin. He practically ran in with his parents trailing behind.
“Cheeky bitch.” The beta growled with a thick accent. “Smell taken, where’s the mate?”
Castiel was studying the ground, it looked as if he was calculating something.
"Holy shit, do I have one?" Cas jumped up and looked over his naked body. He didn’t remember them exchanging bites.
"When are we leaving?" Castiel was pulling on a pair of pants and looked back at the clock.
"It's like two in the morning, what are the chances someone is up?" Dean looked down at Cas and smiled.
"Dean, what do you need?" Castiel walked out of the bathroom with a towel slung low on his hips.
"I've got most of the bags if you can get the door." Mary grabbed the three bags left and walked ahead of Ellen for the door and slipped in. The actions in the room didn't click until Ellen walked up beside her and she looked between Dean and John, the smell of pent up anger flowing off of them both. Mary froze, she knew something like this would happen. She thought she was prepared.
“Has your pack bonded with any others?” Ellen asked and tilted her head ever so slightly, her mahogany hair falling from her shoulder and held itself in a soft wave.
“No.” It was all Castiel said as he pushed Dean from his lap, Dean was slightly fumbling as he tried to catch his balance. He watched Castiel  with wide eyes  as he rolled over and put his back to the omega.
He scoured the shelves for anything that could be even remotely helpful to Dean. Air freshener, scent blocking soap and shampoo, and an assortment of colorful toys. Extra lube, but god from what Castiel felt Dean wouldn't need any of that.
“Chin up, Dean. He loves you, and we love you,” he gestured to himself Beckett and Gabe “You have a family with us. That is, if you want it.” Dean couldn’t help the sneaking suspicion that Balthazar knew more about Dean’s home life than he let on. Then again, how different is Dean from any other omega? Dean would like to think he’s unique in his treatment from his father, but he’s really not.
"What?"
****This is being uploaded on my phone soooo I have no clue how the formatting will look****
“You really love him.” Cas said still smiling. Dean nodded. They were comfortably quiet the rest of the ride there. Cas watched as images of a tiny little Dean running around in a Metallica shirt and combat booties chasing a cute little Sammy with a large frog in his hand. This was a good image of Dean. A happy, healthy little Dean who didn’t know he was an omega yet, a little Dean who didn’t need to toughen up, or defend himself from his father. A Dean that Cas hopes he’ll get to see one day. They pulled into the parking lot of an old looking diner.
"Two of each." He huffs Dean drive off before he could hear the total.
They walked for a few minutes before Castiel spoke up.
“Is there anyone else here?” The beta asked approaching them, she spoke softly as to not fluster Dean who was already in a very compromised state.
"Much." Dean felt instantly better other than the slight guilt of letting his instinct take him so far, he was so relieved Castiel had such control over himself. He really wasn't expecting him to stop. This position was best. He had control over the speed and that gave Dean a ping of satisfaction.
“Do I, uh, smell bad to you?” Alfie pause for  second and sniffed the air.
Castiel truly did love the new brother’s he gained from mating with Dean, it was a whole new world for him now.
"Go fuck yourself I'm mated Jackass" Crowley only chuckled
Technically there was a way to break it, but it was normally terribly painful for all parties included. Dean was right, once a mate is claimed, even if it is just one sided both their chemical makeups change. Castiel becomes more possessive, and Dean would be more submissive. Something he is most definitely not. Castiel tried to wrap his mind around the fact he mated this man, this, well, stranger he had been living with. Castiel tried to remember back to earlier and what had gone down, Dean asked for sex and it just happened. All instincts kicked in.
"Well according to the book we were nine. But close enough."
"This is so fucked up." Dean laughed hoarsely, clearing his throat which felt exceptionally raw.
Once it warmed up he clicked open the internet and signed into his email. Composing a new one he typed in his mother's name.
"Yeah last week. I feel like I have to sneeze every time I kiss you." Castiel laughed at Dean's remark and pulled himself out of bed.
“Oh,  I’ll give you what you want. Just sit back and let me do the work.” Dean crawled on top of Cas and straddled his hips. “I recall you wanting to fuck me in panties, am I right?” A sly smile slid across Dean’s lip and he lowered himself to capture Castiel’s lips. Holding himself up with his knees Dean  reached behind himself and slid his hands into his underwear to work himself open. Castiel lifted his arm to replace Dean’s hand but he was slapped away. “Ah ah ah, keep your hands to yourself.” Castiel frowned but listened and pulled his arm back to his side and watched Dean. His underwear were pulled to the side and his cock was in full view. The smell of slick filled the room as Dean fingered himself. Adding a third he felt he was stretched enough.
Another chill ran through Cas' body and he rocked himself further into Dean as another load of cum spilled into the sleeping omega. This would be going on for over an hour now. Castiel bit his bottom lip as he emptied out, his knot still locked inside Dean.
Dean would be lying if he said he didn't feel the slightest connection to her, but there is a line between being an omega and having ice powers. Beckett was sprawled across the floor in front of the television soaking in every word from the story. It made Dean smile, thinking about one day seeing his own pup do the same.
“Oh, fuck Cas, fuck.”  He whined, the pressure from Cas’ warm steady hands was so tantalizingly close to Dean’s neglected cock that Dean couldn’t help but roll his hips harder.
"Famous last words, little alpha," Dean muffled a laugh into his cup and Cas shot daggers at him.
“Well, friendly reminder to stick a knot up your ass you fuckwad.” Just as he finished a slender blond woman with curled blonde hair appeared behind the alpha.
"Fuck off, Alistair. Why do you not know how to listen." The man in front of him was nearly drooling, musk leaking from his pores. It was rut, the pungent smell of horny alpha filled Deans nose.
“Look who is home and he brought a guest!” Jo announced to the family in the room. All eyes averted to the door and Castiel felt like he was put in the spotlight. The mix of smells was overwhelming, each one similar to the next. One smelt of whiskey and old books. Another was light and clean, fresh-cut grass and running water. That one was like Dean.
"No, I'm in college I want a job and Cas and I haven't talked about pups and probably won't until-."
"Did you hit your head?" Castiel asked lightly stroking Dean’s red cheek, he flinched obviously it still stung.
“Yes, Dean I am fully aware of that.”
"What? What do you mean, why can't I call just to talk. Maybe I wanted to know how Adam and mom were. Jo and Ash? How's the gang?" Dean was totally procrastinating and it was so obvious. He was a great liar, but this was so nerve-wracking he was surprised his voice wasn’t cracking. What if they didn’t accept him because he was part of the Novaks. What would his dad say they achieved what he dreamed of, an all-alpha pack.
Castiel lowered his hand and grabbed Deans cock. He pumped him at the speed of his thrusts, Dean was breathless with cries.
So this is a short but heavy chapter as we see the dynamics of the Novak house.
"Like, some of my past."
They continued on the road for another two hours until they could find a kids store that was open. They were about twenty minutes from Castiel’s house so they decided to pull into the next shop they saw. Dean pulled into a rather upscale strip mall. It has designer stores and nice restaurants but they had their eyes on the childrens boutique.
"In the-" Dean wobbled on his wheels "-the di-ick-k, woah-" he fumbled steadying himself by clutching the wall "in the dick, Castiel." Cas rolled smoothly back over to him.
"My ass is killing me man." Dean readjusted himself. His garments from earlier were done away with by the second round and Dean can't even remember how long they went out it last night. "What is this? One day of nothing but sex and now you’re just some cuddly ass alpha?"
I hope you all enjoyed tonight's (rather exciting) episode of Supernatural! Now for an exciting episode of The Mating Mishap!!!
"Yeah, Dean sure what do you need?" Dean took in a deep breath, say it now, say it fast it or don't say it at all.
The next day Dean and Castiel awoke to the smell of bacon, eggs, and cinnamon. Dean's mouth was watering before his eyes even opened and his stomach clenched in hungry anticipation.
Dean was wearing a very nice pair of dark wash jeans and a light blue plaid shirt buttoned all the way up. He was lacing on his well-worn combat boots when Cas returned. Cas blinked. He hadn’t seen him in anything but band shirts and his ripped weathered jeans. Dean was practically wearing a suit right now in Cas’ eyes.
"I have lots of clothes, you'll see them when we get there. We will be next to my brother Lucifer... so that should be interesting." Dean's smile faded slightly, Castiel's family still frightened him, he had no problem fighting an alpha but a family of all alphas made him nervous. He tried to think back to the pictures he had seen, the only two siblings he could place where Alfie and Anna, and Gabriel if he was in any pictures. The rest just looked like assholes wrapped in a monkey suit. Castiel noticed Dean change is disposition and walked over to him.
"What a nice trait to have." She smiled.
He was excited, his father said he already knew Dean was an alpha based on his personality and athletic traits.
Dean leaned in to place a teasing kiss onto his alphas lips, he put the pie gently onto the floor and moved his hands up Cas’ jean-clad thighs that held iron muscles of power that made for an amazing pounding. Ignoring that thought he snaked a hand to Cas’ crotch and started kneaded his soft cock to life.
"As much as I'd like to fuck you in these panties I wouldn't want anything to happen to them." Cas purred and he pulled them off Dean. He was clumsy and his excitement only intensified it. Once Castiel's boxers happily joined Dean's panties on the floor he made one last check with Dean.
“Hello, papa.” She beamed at him with crooked teeth and rosey cheeks.
Dean followed suit and took his stance as Castiel tried to get in his alpha mind set. It was relatively easy to do since the image of Dean bruised and bleeding was tattooed into his mind. He had to remain fully aware so he didn’t actually hurt Dean in the process. He could feel his teeth sharpen by the graze of his tongue and his nails prick at his palms, his eyesight heightened as each freckle on Dean’s skin became more visible. The green in his eye highlighted with widening pupils and wrinkled brow, he was ready to fight.
