The cabinet in the first room wasn't locked and Sherlock was able to get it open. It, too, had fallen victim to damp and was of a different era in its shape. What he found was a collection of old chemistry equipment and a few rolls of the yellow wall-paper. Useless. This was the preparation room, as it were, for the madness space beyond. Undoubtedly of great use once upon a time, and precious enough for the killer to preserve, but she had moved on.
“No, I don't really,” John agreed. “And yes, that is the reason. I didn't know you did.”
It was still odd to Sherlock to realise that there was somebody in his life who felt concern for his well-being in a personal way, rather than the familial duty concern of Mycroft's, who was satisfied if Sherlock was alive, largely in one piece and not drooling on the loo floor after drug experiments. There was also an element of proprietariness to Mycroft's caring (using the term loosely), it was self-serving because Sherlock was useful to him, but John, while Sherlock was (obviously) useful to him, too, cared because it was something he did with people he liked, because he was decent and because he was capable of forming emotional attachments.
“No. Don't you think she deserves some rest?” John gave him a look over his paper.
“I lied,” John huffed. “You haven't got the monopoly on that, you know. I wanted to give you something to do, and then you do this instead.” He wore a disappointed expression, like an old coat.
Sherlock just snorted, having managed to get past the door and onto almost level floor beyond the cardboard box. On either side of him rose walls of... stuff. Just rubbish. Piles of newspapers, more boxes, dust rising off everything in his wake. It was barely wide enough for a person to walk and ahead he could see it got even narrower. He felt and heard John follow him in, gasping because he'd held his breath to get through the door.
aware of any conditions where the sufferer is able to strangle himself with invisible hands?”
“Bit early for a drink,” Sherlock mentioned, but then moved on immediately. John liked a bit of drink, but not in a quantity that was bothersome. “What do you know about bookbinding?”
“Yes?” she asked, eyeing Sherlock with interest. “I know you. Sherlock Holmes, the detective. It seems you've got what was coming to you.”
John gave him a look, but set to work, creating a slice in the fence that allowed them to slip inside. The place wasn't a priority site so there were no cameras, or if there were, they'd probably already been sabotaged by the killer. Sherlock set off towards the building, intent on finding a side door. The place had electricity; there were a few flood lights set out, most likely linked to the grid through the building. There were no external generators.
It wasn't much of a case if an intellectually challenged man ate a child because there was no mystery. Outrage, yes (on the part of the regular person), but no mystery. The interest in this was obviously the medico-scientific angle of a person who could even eat a young child. It signified both psychological and physical issues, and Sherlock was in good cheer thinking about it. John on the other hand, when he came down, looked like death warmed over.
“I was talking to John,” Sherlock snapped.
“When you sleep and do other human things.”
“I dunno where she is, I wouldn't know what to tell the cops.” The girl burst into fresh tears in the middle of her sentence, making it almost indecipherable. John leaned forwards to offer her the tissues again, giving Sherlock a look. It was a mystery how he could put so many words in one look ('human suffering is far more important than a man who is already dead, be
“You don't do hallucinogenics,” John replied. “I know that. Give me some credit.” He smiled very slightly, not out of amusement but rather out of fondness. Or maybe it was self-satisfaction. But it wasn't that empty mimicry of a real expression Alice had used.
“Anything?” John repeated hopefully, the picture of politeness. He could be so incredibly stubborn about manners, as if they truly mattered. He maintained they did and were there to help social interaction to go smooth and as expected. Sherlock maintained John was a social dinosaur.
“Yes. OBVIOUSLY,” Sherlock said, louder than normal. “You say you've lost the use of your left arm since your husband died in the car collision? And soon after things started moving around the house without you moving them.”
“Is that- That's his esophagus?” he asked, glancing at Molly who nodded and then shrugged to say that she didn't know why it looked like that. Sherlock gave it a glance, noticing how large and distended it was, just a pipe straight into the stomach.
“Yeah, I'm surprised you didn't follow me. That book means a lot to you.”
“Campylobacteriasis or possibly tapeworm infection,” Sherlock called out, heading on.
“'Course I do.” John looked up again, his brow still just as knotted.
“Sherlock!” John said, reaching over to keep him on his feet. “What's going on? What'd you do to her?”
John smiled. “I guess that's a yes. Get to bed. I'll be there in a moment.”
“Step back a bit,” he said, but hardly waited for Sherlock to do so. He eyed the door for a bit, then kicked it in. “Guess we'll find out if there's alarms now.”
The moving beam of light revealed another room, not big at all. The walls were aged yellow and bore a hauntingly familiar pattern that writhed in the shadows. There was a bucket in one corner and stains all over the floor and the walls. The wall on the right-hand side bore the imprint of a door beneath the wall-paper, most likely leading to the attic flat. Sherlock was able to declare the room useless to him with one glance and returned to the first room, clicking the lighter on and off because it, like a metronome, helped him think.
“Tea, then?” John asked, forcing Sherlock out of his considerations. He was touching Sherlock's elbow again, looking up at him with that expression of pure John-ness that Sherlock could no longer be without.
The coffee arrived in the hands of the waitress who gave Sherlock a very weary look (full-time university student, worked nights to pay for living expenses, owned a cat for company, just broken up). Sherlock looked her in the eye.
“John,” he said, absolutely elated. “It's a key. A translation key. Do you know what you've done?” Sherlock leaned over him and kissed him again, briefly cupping his cheek. “John,” he breathed, resting their foreheads together. “You are brilliant.”
Sherlock huffed and nodded for emphasis, and settled in for a sulk.
He circled around the crate (wood), then stepped in closer to peer into it. The corpse inside was in a discombobulated state, taken to pieces and wrapped in plastic. He felt John move in and take a look as well, snapping on a pair of nitrile gloves so he could lift one of the plastic packages and peer in it.
It? Sherlock slipped his mobile into his pocket and slid off the bed where John made himself immediately comfortable, taking up as much space as possible to stop Sherlock from getting back in. Sherlock looked under the bed where John's filthy clothes were in one bag (he ignored that, he didn't do laundry) and his items in another. He pulled the item bag out and looked in, finding a piece of stiff parchment along with the aforementioned keys and wallet (and useless phone).
She clucked her tongue at the state of their kitchen (so there'd been experiments, which John refused to clean up) as she went back downstairs. Her soft steps were replaced by the sharper thud of high heels on the carpeted stairs as the client more or less charged upstairs, sobbing monstrously. Her face had run past her cheeks and down her chin in streaks of black and orange. Oh. No. Just in in black, her
This was all in avoidance of the matter at hand, however, that being the key. Sherlock hadn't been able to recall any particular place or use for it. He scanned the sitting room despondently until his eyes fell on the London A to Z, which sparked a realisation that travelled up his spine and exploded in his brain like a firework.
“Someone strangled him. Except no one was there,” Lestrade finished quickly. “The bruises just appeared and he just died.”
, someone else had to suffer too.
“And did you have to go through my things?” John had begun the descent into despair. He crouched and stacked up the journals. “Sometimes it'd be nice if you tried to be a bit less of a dick,” he muttered.
“I'm tired,” John replied and closed his eyes, but didn't relax.
century.” She paused a little and looked at Sherlock carefully as if gauging his attention or interest. “And then I used Arthur to contact you. I want you to join us. I want you to be my body.”
“It had to be done. Come on. We better be quick. Could be silent alarms.”
Sherlock snorted. “Dickface? Really? And sleep? I'm not going to s-”
“Come on, Sherlock. It's time to wake up. Rise and shine. God, you're gorgeous this morning. You need a wash and a shave, but first you need to let me know you're alive. There you go, open your eyes.”
“It's not real,” he muttered. He'd only had a sip of the tea. How much psilocybin and/or ketamine could he have ingested from just that? Not enough to last an hour, certainly not enough to last for days.
“No, just that we don't yet know what the explanation is,” Sherlock replied. “Pretend you're worse off than you are,” he added then. “That'll force them to focus their interrogation on me.” While it might have sounded altruistic, to make sure that Sherlock took the heat instead of John, it was far from it. John's ability to lie convincingly was unacceptable and Sherlock needed to know he wouldn't be undermined by someone's amateur attempts at spinning the truth.
It was more surprising this happened due to John's initiative, considering John's stance on their currently very stagnant relationship was to keep it stagnant. Sherlock professed to some disappointment over that fact because he'd made his romantic and/or sexual overtures in the hope that John would pick it up from there, but it hadn't happened. Was three weeks too short a time to expect progress? Sherlock had laboured under the impression that new (romantic) relationships progressed faster. There were a number of reasons why he'd left it up to John, however. Like his oddly serious take on his heterosexuality, and his self-professed knowledge of relationships (though merely of the above-mentioned heterosexual variety).
“Healthy pets put no one at risk,” John muttered, obviously having received Sherlock's psychic transmission of facts.
Mycroft sighed. “Very well, then. Tell Mummy or I will,” he said then, knocking on the door to make the guard outside open it. “John's been taken to St. Bartholomew's, you may look for him there.”
Sherlock sunk back into his chair, legs spread around John who was on the floor in front of him. “No,” he muttered and smacked his lips to get rid of the lingering taste of antiseptic, and tried another confusion tactic by pushing his foot between John's legs and up against the inside of his thigh.
“A little elaboration wouldn't hurt,” John said, glancing at Sherlock. He'd grabbed the gate by its rungs and shook it a little. The hinges were rusty and clearly it hadn't been used in a while, but the same could be said about the house as well. The back garden was even wilder than the one in the front, and quite a lot of ground had been taken over by unpruned hawthorn (
“And you took me to Barts,” Sherlock concluded.
Sherlock crawled forward, feeling the floor buckle further. His phone was still grasped in his hand, but the dust of the decomposing debris that had been disturbed by the sudden cave-in had made the air thick to the point of being opaque. Sherlock pulled his scarf up to cover his nose and mouth before breathing in more, already feeling the tingle of coughing in his throat.
“This is only a precaution. I don't want you to follow me, you see.”
“You're not my doctor.” Sherlock closed his eyes and listened to John's slow tapping of his laptop's keyboard. John probably was his doctor. Even if he wasn't as observant as Sherlock would've liked, he did have some professional ability in diagnosis.
At the bottom of the stair-helix he stopped and opened his eyes.
Sherlock looked at John. “Is this- is this the honeymoon phase?” he asked, only slightly uncertain of the phrasing.
The massive walls of detritus shifted and moaned as Sherlock inched forward with John attached to his back. The floor somewhere beneath the refuse must have been buckling with the weight. It creaked and unseen things skittered and scratched beyond the meagre light of Sherlock's mobile. It was unsafe, there was no doubt about that. But it was also stimulating. Sherlock felt himself grinning, which was odd because he wasn't intentionally moving the muscles in his face to achieve it.
“Sorry.” John was smiling now and Sherlock realised he was no longer unwelcome there. John had re-aligned himself so that the desk was not biting into Sherlock any more; he was being carefully cradled into John's chest with a warm hand splayed flat against the small of his back.
“I know we've a real case, too.” John glanced at him. “I know it comes first, but we could really use the money, and it'll probably be an easy one.” John looked at him again, hopeful with the ‘we.’
“Don't get me wrong, you're still a bag of dicks,” John hurried to add. “But you're also… something amazing.” John had used these words before. They came up whenever he attempted to describe Sherlock in some manner and to be honest it pleased Sherlock to no end that John still didn't have other words to do so. It meant the amazing part hadn't changed even if it was often appended by some version of the word ‘dick.
Her death seemed… accidental. There was something satisfyingly odd about the whole thing.
The woman on the floor had sat up, looking rather displeased and called for Herbert. There was no answer and Sherlock could see the driver on the floor of the corridor beyond the door. He hadn't heard the man go down but it didn't surprise him. His senses were working overtime just to keep him afloat in the ocean of nebulous signals.
For a split second Sherlock felt like he was falling and his whole body jerked. His heart lurched almost painfully and he gasped, suddenly needing to breathe faster. He lifted his hands and looked at them but they were his hands. Familiar. A small scar on the back of his left thumb, the fingerprint burned off his right forefinger and middle finger.
Sherlock woke up at 4am again and counted he had woken up four times during the previous 24 hours. First in his bed, then on the floor of the shop, then in his bed again after his hospital visit, and now in his bed, blood throbbing in his tongue, making it ache with each throb. He was tired of waking up. He went back to sleep as best he could, and at 9am listened to John come downstairs, have a shower, make tea and leave. Sherlock would have dragged himself out of bed if John had stayed, just so he could suffer in front of John, which was far more entertaining than suffering on his own. And suffer he did.
“Oh.” John looked up at him now, with that small delicious dent of worry between his brows. “Does it hurt?”
“Don't you think a mystery deserves to be solved?” Sherlock made a face at him and got up. He needed a shower and then they needed to get to the storage facility. Depending on what was there they'd return to look over the autopsy report. “Doesn't matter, we need to move onto the selfstore.”
“Don't skip. Too happy,” John murmured when Sherlock skipped into the HQ and along the corridor.
“It was a KISS, you bloody fool.” Sherlock scowled. This hadn't gone according to plan. In fact, there'd been NO plan, which was probably the reason. He should've planned. “Stupid!” he snapped out loud, looking away from John. The situation had become chaos, and though he was good at pattern recognition he couldn't find a pattern to fit this.
“When the body arrived, what was it wearing?” Sherlock asked.
He paused, vindicated, listening to the silence that John radiated, then turned. Being mean at John was gratifying, though sometimes, briefly, Sherlock felt bad about it.
“Right. I'll concentrate when you start making sense. Deal?” John looked utterly relaxed, head tilted back, eyes half-lidded and crescent-moon-shaped in amusement that had more to do with sleepiness than actual humour. “Besides, I think you had a logical fallacy in your Latin reasons.”
“Do you want to see my medical licence? I'm the doctor, I decide when you're healed. You can't even say 'scrumptious' properly yet. Or 'burglar alarm'.”
“Scotland Yard!” he declared at once the connection was established. It was just another type of lie to get in. People were so easy to manipulate into letting someone in.
Lestrade stopped following him and Sherlock faintly heard Donovan say something unflattering but the words fell out of his mind almost immediately, leaving no sign they'd ever existed in the first place. If he'd minded all the negative things said about him he would never get anything done.
The issue at hand was that, deep down, Sherlock shared many similarities with the people they caught and committed to the gentle care of the police. And it wasn't even that deep down. Certainly not as deep down as Sherlock knew John would've preferred. Perhaps it was a flaw in Sherlock's psycho-social matrix that he preferred consequentialism and could understand that not everything came easily, peacefully or without pain and sacrifice. Even if the sacrifice was other people's lives.
“That's unusual,” John commented, his voice cutting through Sherlock's mind haze because it was nearer than he expected. “Look, it's on Wikipedia.”
She looked slightly apprehensive at that, but then nodded and said: “Of course. Just a moment.”
“Get me out. Get me out!” Sherlock repeated, falling against John.
John shrugged. “Is there anything else I can do?” he said with a philosophical bent Sherlock wasn't sure he appreciated. This was one of the times he found himself completely unable to explain to John how he felt (or how he imagined he felt).
Everything, everything, everything was clear now. These rooms and the original house were connected through the wall-paper. He dug out his phone, only peripherally aware of John coming down behind him.
“Yes, but the…” Sherlock made a lax gesture, his mind elsewhere and for all intents and purposes letting his mouth do the talking instead of his brain. “The plot.”
John was at the morgue, respectfully standing away from the official autopsy. He shifted and looked up at Sherlock when he arrived. “Looks like leading cause of death is strangulation. I haven't told them there was no one there strangling him.” John lowered his voice on the last comment.
“Yep,” Sherlock repeated, then lifted his gaze from his mobile and moved it to John who wasn't looking resentful or annoyed like he'd expected, just thoughtful. The overhead light wasn't on in the room, only a smaller lamp on the table by the bed. It cast a light that was quite dim, making the edges of light and shadow meld into each other, creating soft contours. John's hair was tousled and though he was frowning, the light quality made him look less severe than he probably wished. Despite not liking it when John's face told him off or chastised him, Sherlock adored his voluble expressions. Even the negative ones.
“Knife,” he said after a while and held out his hand. When nothing happened he turned to look at John who was leaning heavily against the edge of the table, shivering. “John!” Sherlock snapped and grabbed John's arm. “Give me the knife,” he said, enunciating every syllable very sharply.
“Sherlock?” John said quietly. “Are you in pain?”
John was, however, not hurt this time. He was still frowning, a little slumped at the shoulders (he had the perpetual stoop of someone who peered too closely at his laptop screen, using too small font sizes, most likely). “I heard you,” he said simply. “House arrest. I'm sorry. Will you let me help you now?”
John snorted and did that, then soon put his phone away. “He wasn't amused,” he reported, grinning a bit.
Sherlock looked at him, knowing saying that would annoy Mycroft. It was the motto of the Secret Intelligence Service. Always secret.
“Thanks..?” John's reply was a little hesitant but he had placed his hands lightly on Sherlock's hips.
“Brilliant,” John sighed. “But what does it mean?”
“But why would it be under the fingernails of the severed hand? Was the owner scratching it off something?”
“You sure?” John intoned, but it was more of a courtesy than real objection. Maybe surprise. Did he still think Sherlock didn't value his opinion and input?
“Stop skipping,” John muttered as they headed for the banks of lockers. “It's making you look suspiciously gleeful.”
Sherlock had rarely felt panic or even outright fear. And he knew, somewhere in his rational brain, that the fear and paranoia he felt now resulted from the ingestion of the psilocybin and the unsettling old woman. And he seldom considered anyone or anything unsettling but this (she) made him very ill at ease.
Lestrade's willingness to believe was in diametrical opposition with John's ability to disbelieve and Sherlock could not deal with either of them. Both ends of the spectrum locked out the possibility of the other end having the answers. Sherlock clicked his tongue and made a disgusted face, then turned to leave.
At least John knew not to say something dull and obvious like 'but they look so old' because Sherlock would have had to renounce their friendship right then and there.
“Any ideas so far?” John asked. “I also took a look around the house. Mrs Bertram and her husband, who's away on business, sleep in separate rooms. There's a connecting door that's not locked and a bathroom on the other side. The bedroom's on the second floor and there really wasn't anything anyone could use to climb in through the windows. There's an alarm system that goes on automatically at 10pm, and no one heard or saw anything. There weren't any small holes or corners where the dog could've fit, and they'd all searched the house several times.”
He snapped his fingers towards the lab computer and Molly got up slowly and went to it, logging in with her credentials, at which point Sherlock pushed her aside and looked up the info himself. All the information about the polyphagic man's stay at Barts had obviously been removed and all physical artefacts he might have brought with him (clothes, ID and such) were undoubtedly now in Mycroft's possession.
committing murders. However, sometimes he felt it would be easier to live up to their negative expectations of him.
Just as his question may have surprised John, John's admission surprised Sherlock. The way he said it and the way he took Sherlock's arm, as well as his expression all conveyed ownership of a kind. No one had ever claimed him like this before and neither had John ever claimed their relationship so strongly. Because despite everything Sherlock still expected John to skirt the line with their relationship and eventually drop it for a woman of some sort.
Sherlock leaned the cane against the wall and took out a flick knife, digging the blade into a seam in the wall-paper, tearing it off. “John, light,” he commanded and John came over carefully, pointing a small torch to where Sherlock worked.
“So you'll do me the courtesy?” The old man sounded delighted. “Today?”
Everything, everything, everything was negotiable. “Some men just want to watch the world burn.”
-but then he was reaching for nothing with a dry and wilted hand. He saw himself standing on the other side of the table. Disorientation and anxiety washed over him with the endless bass-booms of the thunder. “No,” he croaked again with unfamiliar vocal cords, with a body that barely drew breath. He reached for himself (Alice?) and fell forward out of the wheelchair when the legs of this waning frame didn't carry his weight at all.
“Coming?” Sherlock asked from the hall, looping his scarf around his neck.
“So instead of ringing the police, you came to see me,” Sherlock said after having wrestled down his irate desire to leave the girl to his fate as punishment for her disability to write simple sentences. Sherlock did not believe in heaven or hell but he wished that people who couldn't make the difference between
The little courtyard wasn't exactly bustling with people but there were police vehicles, a few men standing guard and more people inside the semi-permanent study and laboratory constructions. A little bit of late afternoon sun cleaved through the grey clouds to leave dapples of light on the damp gravel and a slow wind brought the scent of the river to Sherlock's nostrils. He looked at John, feeling the warmth of his grasp even through his thick coat, and took the briefest of moments to appreciate the expression of indulgence on John's face.
“Stitches,” he said, then at the young woman who stood in the doorway, hands pressed on her mouth: “Get an ambulance. Now!” The last was added with that whiplash of a voice John was capable of but hardly ever used (he'd get so much more respect if he did it more often). He gave Sherlock a glare and dug out his mobile when the girl was gone and rang Lestrade.
There was some quiet time after that because Sherlock was considering what had just been said. Simply promising to be committed was enough? Did John not realise how easy it was to lie? Not that Sherlock had been lying. He had actually been quite sincere. He also felt John relax next to him, possibly attempting to go back to sleep. Had the hour in the water really affected him that much or had he contracted an infection? Sherlock felt relatively fine, but then again, he lived off of ego-boosting and nicotine patches. And occasionally jam sandwiches.
Sherlock stared, then scoffed. “I don't need you to tell me what I'm thinking.”
“He wasn't worth it,” he said seriously and was gratified to see her start slightly. “And switch to natural sciences, no one likes human arts students.”
Sherlock grinned back, and then kept on his course toward the hospital. Perhaps if he'd heard of the murder from anyone else but Mycroft he'd been interested. Perhaps he could send a discreet text to Lestrade and ask about it. Yes. As he was typing a text with his usual economy of words
“Oh, the dose was too low, then,” Sherlock faked a pout. He hadn't actually poisoned John (this time), but at least John would pay attention to him now.
“Oh God.” Lestrade leaned back and rubbed the bridge of his nose, eyes tightly shut. “Why did you need me here again? John?”
The wall was slimy, but it was something for them to follow. Sherlock checked the timer on his mobile. John had been in the water for twenty-one minutes and forty seconds. Forty-one. John's hands were shaking and Sherlock knew it was from the cold because the situation was (should have been) exciting enough. No, not exciting. Tense. Yes.
Sherlock stopped to stare after having thrown the door open. Two books. A musty smell rose from the locker, similar to libraries housing multitudes of dust particles and decaying vellum. But underneath that was something acrid. Sherlock closed his eyes and took another deep lungful.
“He's not like that,” she said a bit quietly, but loud enough for John to hear as well as he stepped past her into the corridor leading to the mortuary.
There was more to this whole thing, starting with the polyphagic man and the key, but he wasn't about to waste his time trying to convince John of it if he didn't want to see it. Even if it was blatantly obvious. But clearly John was taking the route of following the case of the kidnapped and now dead young woman which had now come to an (apparently satisfactory) end.
“Oh boy, here we go.” John huffed into his cup.
“Coffee beans aren't beans. They're seeds, like cherry pits,” Sherlock told him.
“Yeah, sure, but I ASKED them about this sort of thing,” John said defensively after reading the text. “They all said the dog was a complete lapdog and was always in the same room with Mrs Bertram. Yes, the dog also slept in her bed, I know how you feel about that.” John was gave him a look. “You don't need to tell me again.”
“Don't use me as a crutch when you want a nap,” Sherlock mumbled, but he was boneless and slack and there was comfort in what John was offering. He didn't resist when John got up and pulled him up as well by his arms, then wrapped one arm around Sherlock's middle while snatching up his uneaten Jaffa cake and popping it in his mouth.
“So then I spoke to Julia. She explained that in exchange for not getting to be the maid of honour for Maria, Maria had promised she could pick the bridesmaids' dresses, and that now she'd taken that promise back, because Maria is, and I quote, ‘a selfish bitch.’ She left the dinner table right after Maria did and went to her room. Her room has a view of the backyard and she spotted her mother taking the dog out for a walk some time later. Maybe two hours.” John sighed and closed his notebook. “So none of them saw anything or heard anything. The dog was just gone the next morning.”
“That doesn't mean a ghost did it,” Sherlock scoffed.
“Let's go,” Sherlock said. He grabbed a metal lid and put it over the fire, leaving them in the dark, with only the phone's light feebly shining behind boxes and shelves. They began the long walk towards it.
“Yes, you, if you don't stop asking stupid questions.”
The doctor looked at them both with an expectant face, but when nothing happened and when understanding didn't dawn on their faces he asked: “Would you like to see it in action?”
“Why can't we just watch what happens to them in the rooms?” Sherlock was looking out the window. “That's bound to be more interesting than just getting them out.”
“How?” Sherlock demanded.
“And?” Sherlock prompted. John was being SLOW again.
“You make things sound very personal,” John muttered, but was begrudgingly appeased by Sherlock's recognition of their bond.
“I've already caught two of them.” Sherlock rolled his eyes and threw down the coat and the binder. Of course Mycroft knew about them, he'd been there to catch him stumbling out of the house that ‘didn't exist.’
The TEDIUM. It was beginning to grate unbearably on Sherlock's nerves. He didn't even have the assurance of retreating into banter and sweeping announcements of his own opinions (except in the privacy of his head which was hardly the place to keep such things). It was SO BORING. He had to LIE DOWN and STAY STILL and BE QUIET.
“John,” he called out but his voice was swallowed and diminished by his surroundings, and suddenly he could hear his heart beating, his breath coming and going through the nearly useless protection of his scarf over his lower face. For a moment he recalled the anechoic chamber, which brought on a strange shudder (his body was secreting adrenaline, his muscles were tensing and he could feel the pilomotor reflex at work). He turned, and though he had only gone left and right once, the appearance of the accumulation of waste around him was unnervingly undifferentiated. If he had gone a longer way without memorising the turns, it would have been easy to get lost (for a person without the massive memory capabilities that he had, obviously).
Sherlock took the cup. It had a gold trim and a pattern of flowers. The porcelain was so fine it was almost see-through. He tasted the tea which had a deep colour and a mellow, pleasant taste. Black tea flavoured with bergamot. “Is this Earl Grey?” he asked. It was against his nature to let anyone know the things he didn't know and he needed to weigh the situation against his curiosity.
John's thumb stroked his temple. Sherlock flexed his face, drawing his brows together and wrinkling his nose. He moved his jaw side to side and then opened his eyes. John was in front of the lamp which made the light scatter around him.
“Not yet, just give me the highlights.” He'd watch it later if required.
Arson.
The lifts were on the ground floor and the doors opened with a faint ding when John pressed the call button. He checked the interior before letting Sherlock in, then backed in himself, keeping an eye on the foyer until it disappeared behind the doors.
“Right, of course,” John said, shifting away behind the light for a bit. He came back with a glass of water and helped Sherlock sit up. “Here.”
“Clear,” John whispered and Sherlock eased out of the lift, all senses tuned to catch the faintest flick of movement or anything out of place. “Where to?” John asked.
“It- it's all in there,” she sniffled. “I took pictures.”
John, standing at Sherlock's elbow, grunted. “What was that?”
“A dog-walker,” Sherlock interjected. Obvious from the crowd.
“Right,” he said. “A sort of a nervous shock, like broken heart syndrome.”
Click-click.
John read it and nodded. Sherlock had noticed John was easily mollified with an apology if it looked (emphasis on ‘looked’) sincere. He, like everyone else everywhere ever, took visual cues to be the most important. But Sherlock was actually sincere this time. It was an unfamiliar thing, but right then he had realised he didn't want John to dislike him. He didn't care that almost everyone else did, but John shouldn't be one of them.
Then, one by one, they became supernovae.
Then Sherlock turned onto his side, facing the back of the sofa and got ready to suffer some more. The easy (insulting) cases always left him underwhelmed. He heard John creak up from his chair (his right knee always popped when he bent his leg) and step across the floor.
John snorted.
“So,” John hedged. “After that Lestrade brought you home?”
“I went back to the patient and he was still smiling. Cheerful, even. I asked him about the man and he said-” John paused and shifted. “He said the man was his grandfather, dead for the last seven years or so. He told me he'd just popped in to tell him that dying wasn't so bad and that he had family on the other side and not to be frightened. The man was on a morphine drip. I checked his vitals, everything was within normal limits, as far as the situation went, so I walked back to the office and called the MPs to tell them what I'd seen and gave the description of the man I'd seen as best I could. When I went out again, the soldier was dead in his bed. They'd missed the head trauma when he'd been brought in and he died of a cerebral oedema.”
“Sherlock.” John's voice made him glance back, only to find John wearing a puzzled sort of a smile. “You are the most impossible person I know.”
“Impossible. For that to happen she'd actually have to be white and not
“In order for you to understand the offer I'll have to start a bit further back.”
“Absolutely not. I've been in bed for days, the last thing I need is rest,” Sherlock replied immediately. He cupped John's face between his hands and kissed him again, taking his time to enjoy the sensation. He could feel John's pulse move quicker against the side of his palm as they kissed.
“Of how much I've struggled with this. You are... brilliant.” John hedged a little.
“Right then, that's my cue,” he said and gathered up the papers. “I'll get back to you once the list's been run through the system.”
Sherlock gave John a look with a raised eyebrow. “You do the same,” he mentioned. “And I'm not the same as you either.”
“Aren't you? You just don't mean it personally because it doesn't matter to you who's died, as long as someone has so you have something to do,” John said with a roll of his eyes. He was surprisingly cavalier about it.
“Yes,” Sherlock nodded. “And the original wall-paper. Well-used in its time.”
Sherlock gave him a slight grin and took a sip to determine if the amount of sugar and milk was correct and able to cover the taste of the bitter diner coffee. He nodded to himself after the first mouthful went down and when he looked up again John was watching him with an expression of bemused fondness.
“No, and it smells bad,” John squinted in the light, pushing away some of the things that had fallen down and were now bobbing alongside him in the water.
“No. Breakfast?” John turned to go and Sherlock let him. When John had glaciered his way way into the kitchen, Sherlock touched his fingertips to his lips for a moment. He didn't remember falling asleep on the sofa, which bothered him a little.
“Have you informed Dr Watson of his upcoming abduction? Isn't that what ordinarily happens when you become entangled with a criminal organisation?” Mycroft stood by Sherlock's chair in the sitting room, sweeping the clutter with his eyes. (Sherlock was a thing-acquirer.)
“Sherlock,” she said. “There's someone at the door for you.”
“No, Sherlock-” John began to say, but Sherlock cut him off.
This was completely correct, Sherlock DID have an extraordinary mind. She rose up and moved back to the side table, calm and slow. Sherlock turned his head slightly because she was on his left side and he couldn't see very well out of that eye.
him (why was he doing this).”I just wanted to you to consider that someone who was compulsively hungry might think differently.”
It was unnervingly right, but Sherlock had to (grudgingly) admit that prolonged co-habitation usually led to some degree of intimacy between said co-habiters, in this case himself and John. Not to mention their shared interests in adrenaline-related activities. So naturally John would be able to deduce his motives on occasion, undoubtedly aided by his uncanny ability to
“FINE. I do. The recorder. Are you satisfied? Does this fulfil the required parametres of an answer you expected?” It was a complete lie, but it worked and John looked a bit happier.
The man on the street was looking up at the windows of 221B. “I'm leaving,” Sherlock declared and headed to grab his coat again.
Sherlock didn't look up from his phone. “Yes, I know,” he replied. He was (almost) always right about everything.
“All right, fine, what do you want? A game? A swift kick in the groin?” John sighed and looked up (finally, attention).
“I'm going out for a bit, then,” John declared. “You'd just deduce me to see where I'd hidden it if I stayed.”
“Why did you breathe on me?” he asked crossly.
“Want to tell me what happened?” John asked. He spoke softly, but there was underlying tension. A subtle expectancy.
“Shut up.” John's patience was starting to snap, like a rubber band stretched too far. It had been known to happen sometimes and usually it ended with violence. “Stay here, stop playing with fire and stop nicking things that don't belong to you.”
It was suspiciously clean. Mrs Hudson, then. She tidied up when she was nervous, or when there was mould growing on their plates, but John had done the shopping. John, who was sat in the other armchair in front of the telly, feet stretched out, minding his own business, though Sherlock was able to detect a pleased air about him, listening to Sherlock clatter about.
Click.
She showed no sign of surprise or sorrow at his question. “Why do you think I killed him?” she asked instead, moving her cup around on its saucer.
The visions came like the lightning before with the pulsating and strumming thunder, drawing scenes from somewhere else. Dainty hands resting on the edge of a table, a moving landscape behind a window, a train ride across English countryside. A train station somewhere, sliding through insensate people without looking at their faces. A car, another relocation. Trees, a park, the delicate hands resting passively in a lap covered with a merino wool blanket.
“You're staring,” John said without looking up.
“Sherlock,” Lestrade said behind him, having crawled in, bringing more light.
It was John, if anyone, that would be good, if Sherlock believed in such a thing. He didn't believe people were bad either, he didn't need to believe in people, they existed, it was confirmed, and their actions spoke very clearly of their lack of goodness or morals or whatever it was they were supposed to have. They were irrelevant, psychological experiments had shown people could throw out their morals and beliefs like rubbish if they wanted to, or the right situation was provided for them to forget them. Gain to oneself was the backbone of morality.
“You must have fallen.” John mumbled (and he was right, he was sometimes more clever than he let on), only studying the purple blotches first. Then he reached forward and pressed along Sherlock's ribs. “Sorry.”
“You're such an insensitive prick,” John growled instead of accepting Sherlock's impeccable logic which surprised Sherlock. “You always think you know better.”
When he reconnected his conscious mind with his senses again he found himself back home. He was on his back on the sofa, still wearing his greatcoat and gloves and scarf, staring at the familiar ceiling. The flat was silent, the street lights shining through the windows indicated it was still night time (the same night) and a glance at his wristwatch confirmed this. He patted his pockets, locating his phone and the key (wallet, home keys, those didn't live in his pockets).
“John,” Sherlock intoned. “I DID text you, even if you were completely useless at the time and never replied. And you're now realising you've no memory of this happening and are wondering where you mobile is and if the text is still there. Your mobile is in the pocket of the cardigan you wore last night, OBVIOUSLY, and the text is still there because you never delete any texts from me. Don't. Get up. To check.” Sherlock raised his hand and looked at John who had already sat up to go do just that.
“When? When I was leaving!” John was upset now.
“It's possible. If the muscles surrounding it contracted enough…” John said but sounded even more apprehensive. He hadn't mentioned that happening on Gibson but Sherlock had made the deductive leap from the strangling. It was common enough.
“My brother is a fat cake-thief,” Sherlock muttered. John looked like he thought he had the upper hand, like he'd managed to distract Sherlock from the man who could eat everything. He hadn't. Sherlock had a very expansive mind capable of holding several facts, trails of thought and centres of attention at the same time. “You don't believe in ghosts which is why you're amused.”
“Mm?” he said. He had good peripheral vision, knew how to use it. It caught movement better.
“Oh my God,” Sherlock muttered, unable and unwilling to accept the slowness of the story. “Get to the point so I can listen to myself instead.”
“Yes... Yeah,” John said and soon appeared by Sherlock to get his coat on as well. A grown man with three continents' worth of experience in sexual relations still confused when he got kissed? Well, Sherlock did have that effect on people a lot of the time.
“Then wrap it back up,” Sherlock snapped. What he ought and oughtn't do wasn't any of John's business.
Sherlock strode in with his crutches. Faint green fire exit lights were on, but that was all. The ground floor windows were all covered. He waited for John to pull out the torch before continuing. He needed to find a lift. There was no way he'd get up fifteen stories worth of stairs. She'd have set up somewhere high, near the top floor, like the original room. He pointed at the central lifts when he spotted them.
Nevertheless, arguing about the possibility of human consciousness remaining intact after death was quite far from Sherlock's mind right then. There was a black void in the wall a small distance forward. That could only mean one thing and Sherlock rushed forward to prove his hypothesis.
“I don't know who the old woman was but she knew who I was,” John continued. “Said my name. Then you panicked, I suppose. I don't know what else to call it. Never seen you do that.” His voice was tinged with worry and disbelief. “You passed out in the lift.”
“Where did you learn that? Does that include you?” John yawned as he brought Sherlock a plate with two pieces of toast, covered in marmalade. “Don't answer that.”
“Wha?”
The door remained still and ominous as John neared it quietly. If he put his mind to it, he could be very silent and light on his feet, he'd even surprised Sherlock once or twice (four times, but who was counting) with it. He stopped on the landing few steps away from the door and patiently ran the light up and down the sides of it, checking it thoroughly, which in turn made Sherlock's patience twinge worse than his ribs.
“You oughtn't be up on your feet,” he murmured. “It's still swollen.”
“We usually ring first,” Lestrade was saying behind him.
“Please move where I can see you and keep your hands up, Dr Watson,” she directed John who had been behind the tank. “You look well, Mr Holmes. All things considered,” she glanced at him, but kept her eyes on John. She knew he was the threat (at least in Sherlock's current condition). Clever.
“Whatever,” Sherlock said and went to squeeze into the garden. John kept confiscating everything sharp-edged he handled. As if Sherlock didn't know how to wield an edged weapon and as if he would even consider murdering someone in such a crude manner (except in self-defence). Then there was a text from Molly.
“What makes you think I want to ask you anything?” John snorted.
John looked up, holding a little basin for Molly to empty what hadn't been digested yet into it. “No, but a rat. Wonder how he caught it.”
“You called a cab?” The woman raised her eyebrows and her intonation, indicating a question because at this point she was unsure if this seemingly insane man had actually wanted a cab.
“No signal,” he said. “That doesn't make any sense.”
“Oh?” Doctor Gibson turned to look at John for the first time since greeting him. “Teleportation and time travel, naturally.”
“Any REAL suggestions?”
“The case. The case is cold!” Sherlock expulsed the words with more force. “I can't make sense of it!”
“A hypothesis,” Sherlock corrected her, not looking up.
Sherlock kissed him again, harder and longer this time. He enjoyed the way John had to tilt his face up for the kisses. It reminded Sherlock of heliotropism in plants, the diurnal motion of flowers towards the direction of the sun. It was the way he imagined John followed his movements, face turning into his direction wherever he was.
Sherlock tried to lick his lips, failed, and sat up. “When?” he rasped.
“And that is Latin. Why Latin?”
“Need. Lestrade.”
“Go ahead, I need to finish my breakfast,” John informed Sherlock in return, but he was no longer combatively displeased.
Sherlock snorted and stood up, accepting the crutches. She wouldn't have been able to rent many more actual rooms, so it was probable she had found a warehouse space or some sort of industrial containers to make up into the likeness of rooms. Those would work just as well, and also made sense. She wanted more gratification faster, so she would try to expedite the process and do away with such human comforts as warmth and water. Distress compounded with narcotics and that wall-paper would undoubtedly yield pleasing results. Sherlock was probably almost as interested in seeing what would happen as she was.
John had turned off the torch (no point to give anyone a spot to aim for) and was looking down, arms relaxed at his sides, breathing evenly. He was readying himself. Sherlock had seen this happen before and he knew what sort of action John was capable of if given a reason. Safety (particularly Sherlock's) was always a reason.
“People die all the time. Why is this different?” Sherlock asked.
Ah, the indifference to the so-called human suffering. It was a conversation they'd had many times, and it was a habit Sherlock found difficult to lose. “Everyone needs a vice.”
“Yes, of course myself included. Obviously.” Sherlock inspected the toast, deemed it satisfactory, then looked at John who'd sunk back into his chair and picked up his cup. “Ask more.”
“You would've been of no use, I told you already,” Sherlock said simply, ignoring John's pursed lips of disappointment. “The new crime scene was identical to the first. The same wall-paper, a water supply, scratch marks on the walls by the victim. The place was rented off a private person via e-mail, traced to nowhere. The first month on both places had been paid with cash, sent by mail, but no further payments had been made, and no e-mails answered.”
“What?” Sherlock said, shimmying into a pair of trousers.
“You can try brushing your teeth if you want. Shaving is optional, using the peroxide mouthwash is not. I'll bring you something to drink and some painkillers.”
Sherlock snatched up the piece of wall-paper and rolled it back up into his pocket, then followed Miss Price into a spacious office that was immaculately furnished, giving every air of normalcy and efficiency. She stopped by a side table.
“And yet my blog made you approachable enough for it to matter.”
“No.”
“What about the customary fretting ritual performed at hospital bedsides?” Sherlock asked.
“What?” John asked. Had Sherlock spoken in an unclear manner? He scanned back his words and decided they were informative enough to not clarify his stance.
striped.”
John looked back at him, doubt worming new lines across his face and tensing his shoulders. He shifted his grasp on his glass and had another sip. “And you took it?”
Sherlock grabbed his phone and darted around the room. It was quite big, boxes everywhere on the floor, but there were paths, less dust, just damp. This place had been used more recently than other parts. He could smell the book glue in the air and there were books in various stages of binding on one of the tables. Then there was a glass cabinet, locked, with sealed boxes inside. One was marked
“Hmm,” the lady intoned and dug out a silver cigarette packet, extracting one for herself and then offering one for each of them. John declined (as expected), but Sherlock was eager to accept and lit up with his own lighter, feeling considerably better for the moment, even if the future held many put-upon looks from John and a lecture about quitting. The cigarettes were hand-rolled, there was just enough filter to be called a filter and the rest was blissful tar and nicotine.
Click.
“Oh dear,” John said, unflappable, probably able to see the red light that Sherlock felt should fill his eyes right now. “Calm down, I'll get you something to drink.”
“Took your time,” he said, opening his eyes.
“No!” Sherlock turned and shoved the phone at John, who took it with raised eyebrows and lifted it to his ear.
“The wall is about 2.5 metres high,” Sherlock said, walking along it. “Not impossible to scale.” Though of course the brick exterior was quite smooth and didn't offer much in the way of hand or footholds. John was of enough height and strength to work as a stepladder if needed. Still, it was more likely there'd be a back gate.
John moved suddenly and though Sherlock caught the movement, he wasn't able to dodge out of the way completely, and the pillow John wielded hit him in the shoulder. “Next one's going to be something harder,” John warned him. “In fact, the next one might just be a god damn bullet.”
Buoyed by these thoughts, or perhaps troubled by them, he swung his legs out of bed and the cast landed with a clank, jarring his already tortured foot. The swelling of his face was down, and he was able to see again out of both of his eyes, but his ribs felt re-bruised and his arm was sore up and down and around the barb-marks. He reached the crutches into his grasp and hobbled up on them and out of his room. He visited the loo and after washing his hands and face he went to the kitchen.
“The polyphagic man,” Sherlock deduced from his limited pool of options.
John's face took on a look of slight disappointment instead of the tenderness that had been inhabiting it a moment before. For a split second Sherlock felt sorry for it as John pulled away and sat back in his chair.
There was no reply and when he looked up he only saw Lestrade looking at him with uncertainty and Donovan glaring at him with disdain. It hit him that John wasn't there so he turned on his heel and strode to the start of the path to measure for himself.
“John,” he said sharply. “What do you smell?”
“Your reason is faulty at best, completely useless at worst,” Sherlock instructed him (how did he not know this himself, anyway). Sherlock moved his thumb down, catching on John's lower lip.
Sherlock looked at John and nodded. “Yes. Who is she? And what is she capable of?”
Sherlock felt he owed no response to that, John was familiar with his stance on boredom and human life and it didn't require further elaboration. “Lestrade contacted the landlord for the property and found out no one was living in the top floor flat at the moment. He explained to us that three of the five suicides that had happened on that property had been in that flat.”
“Strange, isn't it?” John replied, eyeing Sherlock up and down. “The cases we've had lately.”
“And my phone and coat?” Sherlock said coldly.
“I've been productive.” John sounded pleased. “And I see you've cleared the fungus out of the cupboard.”
There was a subtle air of change at 221B. Sherlock paused at the door and took a deep breath. Unsettled dust still hung in the intra-flat air currents. Laundry had been disturbed and the dishes had been done. Were those to hide the obvious disturbance of Sherlock's private stashes? Cleaning as an alibi? Or had Mrs Hudson been in? No, he couldn't smell her perfume. He walked in, stopping in the doorway to the sitting room. John was on his chair, not turning to look. Still angry.
“Crying,” John said, voice rather low and unwilling. “I heard crying.”
“Very little,” John replied, voice muffled by their surroundings. The piles absorbed sound effectively. “The smell, obviously. Dead animals, do you think? Trapped birds and rodents. All of this... stuff. The lower layers are probably pretty old. Even the floor's uneven. Are we standing in dirt?”
“I have international fame.”
“Umm... no.” There was some fumbling and then there was more light as John used his phone to look around. “Here's one. 19...78?”
“What do you think of this?” Sherlock picked up the key and showed it to John, who peered at it and shrugged.
The corrugated sheet metal walls belied the highly finished interior of the building. There was a thick door and thick walls. It looked a well-funded laboratory that split into two parts. A larger room with a strange cylindrical glass chamber in the middle, surrounded by machinery, and another smaller room with more machinery and monitors. A window separated the two rooms. The chamber was at least human size. Everything was spotless and brightly lit.
The young woman had thrown herself on the sofa, crying very unattractively Sherlock thought and obviously oblivious to his comment about the disgusting colour of her skin. John put the toast and jam away and came into the sitting room. 'Be nice to the client,' his face was saying, and Sherlock hoped his face was registering his contempt of the concept of
“John!” he called out. “We're leaving!” He didn't stop to listen for a reply, merely squeezed out through the hatch, just in time to watch a team of three technicians go the other way before John was able to join him.
“It's not worth as much as a young woman's life and freedom,” John said then, snapping the book shut and glaring at Sherlock a little, though the worst edge was gone.
At least now Sherlock could see John's face. His expression was inscrutable.
“Mr Holmes? Mr Holmes, are you there?”
Sherlock ignored that because his attention had been caught by something else. “Where's the manuscript?”
Sherlock closed his eyes which he knew John would take as assent and soon felt John carefully pulling his shoe off, then peeling off his sock. He also undid the bandage.
Creating meaningful connections to people was difficult, and Sherlock was surprised at how gratified he was by his connection to John, despite John being what one would term a 'normal' human being. This was the reason why he was at least trying to be patient with him and his struggles with the non-existent truth of his sexuality.
“Yes, I do,” Sherlock admitted, then glanced at John. “And it's true that out of intellectual curiosity I might consider speaking on your behalf.” John stiffened upon hearing that, but Sherlock smiled at him a bit before looking at Gibson again. “But he won't. Go ahead and call Lestrade, John.”
“Why are outward signs of happiness always suspect?” Sherlock asked, walking in a more measured way.
Sherlock found himself clutching at the elbows of John's gingham shirt, pulling at him. After a bit John tilted his head again to separate their lips, breathing a puff of warm air on Sherlock's mouth. He rubbed his thumbs over Sherlock's eyebrows and held his face a little longer.
The tone of John's voice was surprisingly demanding and it made Sherlock focus on him even more, reading every imperfection of his skin (sun damage), watching every micro-expression (disquiet), picking up on the length of his stubble (two days). He carried a multitude of scents (lavender-tobacco-orange jelly) and the weight of his arms was pressing Sherlock's shoulders down and his body was blocking Sherlock from exiting the chair. His breathing was calm and deep and his clothes rustled faintly as he breathed. Sherlock only realised John had been slowly leaning forward when their foreheads touched briefly, then John tilted his head to the left and kissed him.
“No.” John shook his head. “I just realised we're breaking and entering.”
Madness, or poisons. Hallucinogenics?
“He could've eaten someone. For me.” Sherlock remained very disappointed about that. He rested his head down on the pillow, but soon yanked it back up. “Why did Mycroft have the SIS take away his corpse and the autopsy reports? Why were they at the house? What
“Right. They're here somewhere.” Lestrade flipped through the papers. “Got an idea, then, Sherlock? We could use an idea.”
“Hurghl.”
a freak.”
Sherlock looked at John, seeing the hints of worry and incomprehension behind the blank look. He couldn't hide. It was reassuring. “Just tell me what happened,” he muttered.
From the middle of the light came a voice. “Sherlock!” it said. Its familiarity cut through the thick soup of sound created by the rain and thunder.
“I thought you'd adapt to the change,” Sherlock admitted. “You're good at adapting.”
John snorted and laughed. “You generalise ALL the time. And, no, stop touching my laptop. Sherlock.”
“No, most people don't. Do you have any idea who killed him? Or how?” John evaded the conversation and moved back to the case at hand. Sherlock didn't mind. It was mostly a philosophical argument that started over and over again at murder scenes and when the murderer was caught.
“Not what I meant,” John was quick to protest. “I was just surprised. Can we not talk about this now?”
“Yes, but not because of her,” Sherlock answered. “John estimated she'd been dead less than 24 hours and there is noticeably little blood for someone who's been dismembered.”
Well, that was factual. “Not drugs,” he argued anyway, out of habit. “Not drug
“15th century ink,” Sherlock supplied. “Different from carbon ink in the sense that it penetrates the parchment instead of merely adhering to the surface of it. The Voynich manuscript is from the 15th century. Hardly a coincidence.”
It was wonderful and perfect and Sherlock needed to do something about it. He grabbed John's chin and turned his head this way and that to make the light and shadows and wrinkles move around.
At 4am Sherlock was awake in the unnatural glow of his mobile, typing a text message to John. He was aware of the very faint ding that was audible through the thin structure of the house (he also had excellent aural abilities) when his message made it through to John's phone. A very long moment followed which Sherlock spent in agitation, dragging himself up from bed and into the loo. As he was inspecting the swollen side of his face he finally received a reply to his text. A rather peevish one. John was overreacting. They'd had a solid several hours of sleep and early morning was the best time to go about without everyone interrupting (why was this concept so hard for John to grasp).
“At that point Lestrade was contacted by the police, letting him know there was another corpse. A young woman like the first one, basically in the same condition, wearing the same thing, with the same sort of residue under her fingernails, but also in her mouth unlike the previous corpse.”
John knew not to expect gratitude or niceness, Sherlock had seen to that (it was necessary), and was complacent enough to ignore Sherlock's meanness (also necessary) but for the extremes. Sherlock mulled on this for a brief moment, then felt merciful (which had nothing to do with the cold packs and the pain medicine).
“Sorry doesn't mean anything. Apologising is pointless,” Sherlock said, mollified by the new circumstances.
“I kno-”
“Figures. She was so goddamn civil,” John muttered and had a sip. Smelled like whisky.
“Oh, Sherlock,” she said when she saw him. It was the first time she'd seen his injuries. “You ought to be more careful when you go out.”
“She offered me an exchange of assets,” he finally said. “Her knowledge against my… body.”
They clattered down the principal staircase, but Sherlock had to stop by the mailboxes to try and open the one belonging to the number 2 flat. The old lady who had opened the door for them stood in her doorway and watched.
“That doesn't make it... legal.” (Very clever of him to choose that word.) But John kept chipping and pulling at the gate, soon popping the upper hinge out of the crumbling stone. “Right, I think we can fit in- right- here.” He huffed, having exerted his upper body strength, which always surprised Sherlock, despite knowing it was there. “Also, I'm keeping this,” he said, folding the knife away.
Sherlock wasn't averse to painkillers, he wasn't, right then, averse to being fussed over, and John did just that. He fluffed some pillows, took away the soup gone cold, and when he was about to go back to his chair Sherlock caught his hand, the left one with his right. John stopped and looked at their hands, surprise registering in his raised eyebrows and the shape of his mouth.
And then that was the best thing in the world.
John groaned, deep and long. He was only a shadow by the flickering fire, occasionally moving to tip more fuel into it. “O-of all the things you'd want to discuss...” he sighed. “Wall-paper can only drive a person mad figuratively.”
“Gun?” Sherlock interrupted him.
“Yeah.” John gave him a suspicious glance. “Are you planning on shooting someone?”
Sherlock nodded. “But the human body isn't a single entity, how can you reach a distinct quantum stage on a macroscopic level?”
“I'm sure your keys and wallet are safe there,” Sherlock replied, not that interested.
“No. You tell me,” Sherlock grunted. “I don't… remember.” He looked at John from the corner of his eye and set his chin on his knees. He kept tensing the muscles in his legs, making sure they still responded.
When it returned, with all of its glorious side-effects, Sherlock was laid on his bed. “John!” he said immediately, but his tongue was numb and thick and all that came out was an indistinct noise. His wrist was bound up, his foot was in a cast and propped up on some cushions (Mrs Hudson's best throw pillows, he liked the one with the gold tassels), and his body felt like a led weight at the bottom of the sea. The door was open and he could hear the faint sound of the telly (John liked to have it on for ‘company’).
“Found a door,” he said shortly. “Have you warmed up?”
happy he's dead,” John said. “What he's done is vile. Science isn't some all-purpose pass to killing people.”
Sherlock swept out of the store with a book under each arm and hailed a cab with his foot. Well, technically someone else hailed the cab and Sherlock took it, ignoring all protests because whatever that person had been doing couldn't be more important than what Sherlock had in his hands.
“I was going to say pissed off,” John replied.
Alfred Blaschko, 1901. You're grasping at straws, now.”
Sherlock stared at him desperately. He was so tired and bored and utterly disappointed that he couldn't even form words.
“I assume no ransom demand means something,” John was saying, watching Sherlock for cues. “Power play?”
“Long bath,” John replied from the sitting room. Had it been long? How long? The only sense of time Sherlock had at the moment was that it was dark outside.
Sherlock shrugged. “A young woman of no consequence.” He had crossed his fingers on his stomach, looking up at the ceiling with his good eye, the hurt leg elevated on throw pillows which were Mrs Hudson's. He could hear John sighing and rolling his eyes, objecting to Sherlock's lack of sympathy towards the recently deceased. He chose to ignore out of courtesy to John who had chosen not to lecture him about it.
“Mm,” she agreed. “My great-grandfather was an eccentric. He built the room to house demons. Complete nonsense, of course. The real power, if you want to call it that, is in the mind. My mind.” Her eyes were fixed on Sherlock's face. “You understand, I think. You also have an extraordinary mind.”
“Because he asked,” Molly replied, fussing with some microscope slides. She spent a lot of time alone in the labs. And at home. Sherlock didn't know (care) much about her home life, it probably involved cats and cutesy things.
“Stop using language incorrectly and imprecisely!”
“All right, I got you,” John said and held him up.
With Sherlock and John falling behind the doctor as he led them towards the leftmost building, John walked his elbow into Sherlock's side and shot up a look. Sherlock just shook his head at him. Not now.
Sherlock looked around and realised she was the driver of said cab. He strode to the car and opened the door to get in. “Barts,” he said and when the woman was still just standing there he added: “Now!”
“You were right about something else too. I
“NO.” John looked up, a furrow between his brows. “One.” He reached up and pressed his fingers under Sherlock's ears, feeling along his jawline for swollen lymph nodes.
“Yeah,” John sighed. For a doctor he really had a lot of trouble looking at dead bodies sometimes, which Sherlock took to mean he was using his imagination wrong, thinking of how they might've been when alive, when Sherlock instead imagined them as maps.
Doctor Gibson went behind his desk and sat down. “I had high hopes for you, Mr Holmes,” he murmured. “And you've disappointed each and every one of them.”
“What are you talking about?” John leaned even farther back, shock tensing his previously relaxed expression. “Why wouldn't you be yourself?”
Sherlock didn't bother trying to chat with the driver. He didn't need to ask where they were going since he could easily follow the route with his own eyes through the window. So whoever wanted his presence wasn't afraid to reveal their location, meaning they probably weren't going to stay there for long. No matter. Sherlock understood suspicion and even paranoia, not to mention simple rational behaviour like protecting oneself (protecting others was the tough one to figure out).
“One and a half?” Sherlock said, to which John snorted and made sure the nicotine patches were still in his pocket and not stolen by Sherlock.
“All the things you've wanted to ask me.”
“God, Sherlock.” John was looking at him. “We've got to get it open.” He'd put his gun in the back of his jeans, and was running his hands over the surface of the thing. “We need a blowtorch or something. I'm going to ring Lestrade.”
in the house?” He was irritated about not having been able to look around properly. “Was it about the books he was making? Why? Was someone trying to hide the books by taking the key and the hand or was someone trying to reveal them by taking the key and the hand? How is the polyphagic man involved? Was the hand given to him or did he take it to eat? Was it a warning? To whom? Why the tattoos?”
“I'll live,” John replied, from which Sherlock inferred that the fire had helped but John had trouble according him the gratitude he deserved for creating it. Sherlock could understand it because of simple causal relations: he was the cause why they were there in the first place.
at him when he pulled the phone from his jacket pocket. “What?” he said in lieu of an actual greeting.
“All right.” John accepted that for a moment, until another question bubbled up from the primordial ooze of his subconscious. “Why?”
They exited the building into the rainy mid-morning. The mist from earlier hours had dissipated with the rise of temperature, and John turned up his collar. Sherlock did the same and they smiled at each other, John tired and Sherlock in pain. They got into a cab and John gave the driver the address they'd received from Mrs Haversham.
“Yeah,” Sherlock sighed and rested his cheek on the top of John's head. “I knew you'd take it,” he mumbled through his unwilling tongue.
“It's hot,” he said and waited for Sherlock to sit up a little, stuffing a cushion behind his back, before handing over the cup. “Keep your leg elevated.”
He got up when his internal clock and bladder demanded it, had an awkward wash with his foot sticking out of the bath because of the cast (John's fault) and eventually progressed to gnawing on biscuits and leftover bacon on the sofa (ignoring the canned soups out of spite). He wore pyjamas and John's cardigan, determined to somehow stretch it out of shape (though it was too big for him, just the sleeves were too short).
“What would you say if I told you I could have prevented her death?” he asked Molly once she was unwrapping the plastic from around the body parts. Actually there was no guarantee he could've saved the victim even if he'd taken the case because tracking someone who'd been either kidnapped at a club or left with someone voluntarily before being kidnapped was rather difficult. Even for him.
, “to bewitch, enchant”) was a word Sherlock had carefully chosen for this particular context. He strove to communicate precisely and effectively although often it seemed it was an effort well wasted. The sheer inadequacy of trying to communicate something accurately by creating vibrations in the air for another to receive aurally was often frustrating and led Sherlock to give up trying to describe his experience with anything because people (John) were unable to relate to it on an almost daily basis.
“I don't really care,” John replied. He was pressing against Sherlock's side very tightly, holding his arms around himself. “Recent research on the left temporo-parietal junction has shown that its response to electricity could be an explanation for seeing and feeling unknown presences in the same room.”
“John,” Sherlock said, climbing on the stairs until he was out of the water, which made John do the same. “Hold the light,” he pushed his phone into John's hands. There was a door at the top, locked, warped wood. Sherlock knelt in front of the lock, not even admonishing John for making the light shake. It was clear this door hadn't been opened in a long time (but then again, the whole place seemed to have been abandoned for a long time, emphasis on
They took the stairs twice despite there being lifts and ended up on the second floor. From a small lounge-like area Sherlock could look down two corridors leading to the residential wings of the building. Suite numbers were noted at the beginning of each corridor (301-306 and 306-310). The driver turned left and Sherlock followed him to a door of dark lacquered wood and a brass number of 310 on it. The driver knocked.
“Look it up on Wikipedia,” Sherlock snorted. “It's the same type of... code that's used in the Voynich manuscript.”
“I can think of a few ways,” John said under his breath.
Sherlock had moved the hand under a water tap, letting warm water on it, helping the glue loose with a scalpel. Despite his desire to know if there was a key inside the fist, he didn't wish to mutilate the hand beyond recognition. There could be any number of things he still needed from it. After a moment he became aware of Molly continuing her autopsy of the polyphagic man and the fact that John had gone. He looked up and around.
John's boots appeared in the same frame with the dead woman, and then his knees as he crouched down and took Sherlock's shoulder. “All right, then?” John said. His voice was quiet and calm.
“Oh? Which part? The part where you left alone? The part where you took drugs? The part where you pulled an old lady out of her wheelchair? And then laughed about it? Or the part where you lost consciousness for two days? And didn't recognise me the few times you came out of it? All that?”
Doctor. Of course. “Sherlock Holmes. PhD in physics? Previously a professor at Cambridge?” Sherlock greeted him. He had set his mobile to record voice in the cab; a precaution he'd learned early on.
“I want more,” Sherlock muttered while being loaded into the taxi. He didn't quite know what was the more he wanted, he just knew he wanted it. The recent case slump was of no help. There were cases but they were inherently uninteresting. The same murders, kidnappings, tax frauds, burglaries, arsons and robberies as always. The motive was always one of three things: greed, lust or wrath. The crimes of logic and crimes of passion of Albert Camus. Humans
“Sherlock,” John said. “Find the signal. Find a way out.”
Sherlock stopped briefly, having buttoned up a fresh shirt. “This…” He gestured at the bed, encompassing (hopefully) the whole spectrum of activities they might have undertaken along with sleep. “Good. But later.” It was as much of a concession as he knew to make about the importance of extracurriculars like that.
“Yeah, fine,” Sherlock said without looking up. He had no idea of how much time had passed. And he didn't care.
“I'm bored,” Sherlock replied, once again underwhelmed by John's performance. The man had been a soldier and it was this easy to sneak into his room while he slept and surprise him.
He made quick work of scouting the routes. One led to the middle of the room, a cleared-out workspace. He'd been working on another book, the skeleton of which Sherlock picked up (loose quires), along with a small bottle filled with a liquid (ink), as well as any floating pieces of interest he could fit in his jacket and trouser pockets. In the opposite direction he found a door.
“Secret society, is it? You lead a charmed life.”
“Leather, I suppose,” John moved closer, close enough to crowd Sherlock a bit. All it did was to make John waft up Sherlock's nose, distracting him.
Sherlock was silent for a moment, but finally gave up. “Go on, then.”
John had another sip, sinking deeper into his chair. He propped his free fist under his chin. “I don't swear and I think I'm pretty honest.”
“Sherlock.”
“Mm, yes,” Gibson sighed. “Sad to say I panicked with that one. Until that all the text subjects had liquefied at the vibration stage but this one expired in the preliminary vacuum stage. I posit a circulatory problem.”
“Do you often regret your interactions with me?” Sherlock had assumed the answer was 'no' until now. He didn't regret anything involving John. It was horrible to consider that John might not share that conviction.
“Sherlock.” John's voice broke through the overcrowded landscape of Sherlock's thoughts. “I know this girl. Look,” he said, holding up his mobile. There was a picture, one taken of two rather orange-faced girls. The one with blonde hair looked somewhat similar to the corpse. If one could look past the make-up and fake tan.
“Next!” Sherlock called. “TRY to be more clever, for God's sake.”
Sherlock unfolded from his chair and stepped over to John's, leaning down to kiss him quickly on the lips. “Now,” he said with a grin and headed to get his coat. He heard John sigh behind him, and a brief glance behind revealed a John with a slight flush on his face, looking after Sherlock with that mix of confusion and yearning he did so well.
“Not your best, that.” John padded about on his socked feet. Into the kitchen, freezer, out of the kitchen, across the sitting room, stopping by the sofa. “Sherlock,” he said by way of warning though Sherlock was perfectly aware of what he was about to do, which was to take the cold packs that were no longer cold, and replace them with fresh ones.
“If I trust you with this, will I regret it?” John turned his head as well and looked Sherlock in the eye. He was almost expressionless, which was very strange, except for the hint of worry around the corners of his mouth and eyes.
“Just to prove a point?” John raised his eyebrows a little.
“You've become narrow-minded,” Sherlock remarked calmly, removing his coat and scarf. He'd regained control of his aching body on the way over. His brain always won.
“John,” Sherlock said. “I don't want to return to a merely platonic relationship. You are... important.” He hoped John understood. Statistically speaking he should understand, he had a good track record of understanding and translating Sherlock. Personal wasn't important, but Sherlock had broken this rule by making John (something very personal) important.
“I KNOW,” John spoke unnecessarily loudly, his voice echoing off the water and the columns. “Stop with the damn semantics, Sherlock.”
Lockpicks didn't go bad in water, at least.
from not having pursued the case on your own.”
“What,” Sherlock said in reply. He had forgot again that people other than himself needed a visual representation of someone before they could be recognised. How could they not read manners and expressions and the tens of tells everyone had, just hanging on them like Christmas ornaments. That is how obvious they were. John had his giant, shiny red bauble of ‘army’ tacked onto him, and the slightly smaller one of ‘doctor’, along with the myriad other colours and sizes of decorations ranging from his frown of ‘Sherlock, you are being an arse’ to the ‘I'm casual and not at all 40 years old’ stripey shirt.
“A haunting,” he said. “Mycroft wants us to see a man about a haunting in his house. Well, a corpse inside a locked room.”
“Brilliant,” Sherlock breathed, then coughed because of the upset dust and rust particles, and when he inhaled a dull, putrid smell assaulted his olfactory senses. He could tell apart the remains of hydrogen sulphide and methane in the air, typical of biotic decomposition gases. The identification of good and bad smells was a socio-cultural product, and Sherlock had never learned any product of societal or cultural effect particularly well. He thought of chemicals first.
“Show-off,” John muttered, but he was amused.
“You said that out loud, Sherlock.”
“How many soldiers died out of boredom while you DID NOTHING because you are so SLOW,” he finally gnashed out from under the cold thing covering half his face as he lay post-inspection on the sofa. “And either get me cigarettes, ten patches or your gun so I can have some RELIEF.”
To pass the time Sherlock checked all the in- and outgoing numbers, latest text messages (a gratifying amount of them was from him), the email account that had been left logged in and all the tabs left open in the browser. Nothing particularly interesting or new (Harry had rang, he'd not rang back and there was a new number titled 'Lady at Deli', and he'd taken pictures of his breakfast and lunch and many other meals for some reason), except when he got to the news site and read the latest bulletin about a toddler going missing at a hospital. Not newsworthy in itself (to Sherlock), but the cause of his disappearance was suspected to be a man with slight mental retardation who could eat absolutely anything, and was presumed to have eaten the small child. And then walked out of the hospital. A picture had been added and anyone who saw him was requested to contact the police.
Then, because the olfactory sense was so powerful, the smell of machine coffee seeped into his brain and woke him up. He blinked at the styrofoam cup that had appeared in front of him on the table, then turned to look at Molly and John who had clearly returned standing by the body, peering into the stomach of it.
“Where do you usually place it?” John asked, knowing it was what Sherlock wanted to know, but was too annoyed to voice. When Sherlock was annoyed enough everything that came out of his mouth was an insult and apparently that was to be avoided during cases with panicky older women.
What? Sherlock sat up. His laptop? Hidden by John? He looked around, eyes searching out signs of disturbance and John's clumsy attempts at hiding something. John noticed this.
“I hope last Saturday and not the one before,” John muttered. “Memory loss, irritability, stress, psychosis… only a few of the effects of sleep deprivation.”
“Yeah, 'course, but we're not going to-”
“And you are?” John made a face at him, then rolled his eyes into the other direction, at the lucky cat.
He took out the parchment which had faded writing on it. Symbols, like in the manuscripts, but also corresponding Latin abecedary and Western Arabic numerals. Then it dawned on Sherlock and he broke into a giant grin, leaving the rest of John's things in the bag which he kicked back under the bed.
They sat there in uninterrupted silence after that, except for the bit where John made Sherlock straighten his leg on the bench and even fetched him some ice to press against the puffy and hot parts of his face. Sherlock was not ungrateful, or unmindful of his good luck of having met John in the first place, or, indeed, John existing at all (he had looked into the probability of that once, the numbers had plagued him for weeks afterwards).
Sherlock glanced at the scrap of paper, then got up with one of the books. “John, look,” he said and snatched John's paper away, plopping the book in its place. “Or rather smell it. That's modern glue. Quite fresh, too. This one's an almost perfect forgery of that other book.”
“Oh,” Sherlock was both gratified and surprised that John was willing to continue their discussion on the supernatural under the circumstances (and was able to use words like 'temporo-parietal'). “It doesn't explain why you and that soldier both saw what he claimed was his grandfather.”
“Yes, she was working for me. For my little society of explorers,” she nodded. Again, no denial. “And then I found out about you. I was fascinated. You're quite a brilliant man.”
Sherlock eyed her. “Thank you,” he said. Something about her admiration made him uncomfortable and that was strange. The rain was rolling very slowly down the panes of the large window behind her and the room was even darker. The fire was even smaller. She looked at him with… desire. But it wasn't the same kind of look John gave him which meant it wasn't the same kind of desire.
“Aside from you. Obviously,” Sherlock added. “Stop taking things personally.”
“You probably have some last words, Mr Holmes, but unfortunately you are not in the condition to speak them, and I'm a bit rushed for time. Do you mind if we just skip to the end?” She was still looking at him, only flicking his eyes towards John once he made a little sound, sliding himself in the opposite direction from Sherlock. “Stop moving, Dr Watson.”
he received another text, from Molly. She had the corpse of the man who was suspected of eating the toddler. He had been found dead not far from the hospital.
The pain was marginal, but John's expression made it return and Sherlock slunk away into the kitchen, vision hazy in his obstructed eye. John had consumed tea in copious quantities during the day, the biscuit tin was still there (comfort food). Mrs Hudson had taken pity on him and made lunch and dinner; it was easy to take pity on John. He was pitiable. Sad. Sherlock ground his teeth together which made his jaw hurt, but it was all right, it hurt even more to be grounded and forced off a case.
John sighed and most of the anger he'd held in his body left with the exhalation. “You are human,” John repeated softly, seemingly more to himself than Sherlock. “It's why I-” John paused, then started again, clearly having only worked out what he wanted to say. “It's why I think you're extraordinary, it's why you
“What's this? Murder presents?” Sherlock looked around with a grin. No one smiled back so he turned to look at John who was jogging up to them instead, fishing for a hint.
John did exactly that, acting as a crutch for Sherlock to lean on, slowly shuffling them into his bedroom, then leaving him there with a glass of water and a bottle of tablets. Sherlock listened to John proceed through his evening rituals and finally climb upstairs (each step of the stairs was recognisable by different creaks) leaving Sherlock to design the violation of his house arrest he was about to undertake the next day.
The paper at the back of the nicotine patch rasped when John drew it off (after having spent half a minute trying to get his blunt fingernail under the edge of it). Sherlock had watched the procedure with a mixture of frustration and affection, but now he sighed and wiggled his fingers impatiently. He stuck his arm, anterior side up, into John's grasp.
But his annoyance was interrupted by an image jumping to the foreground of his mind. He turned on his heel and looked at the crate. Yes. There was a smudge on the side. A familiar smudge. “Cambridge University,” he said to no one in particular, but noticed Lestrade making notes from the corner of his eye.
“John,” Sherlock rasped. His throat was dry and his tongue was like wool. “Water.”
After a long while (three minutes) the door was opened by an old lady. Her face was lined in the vertical, drawing down the corners of her eyes and her mouth (rich, widower, estranged from her family, closest of which were probably her grandchildren, had been having breakfast, grapefruit).
The ideas presented in the text were far more advanced than the time period of its provenance (early 15th century) should have allowed. Sherlock was both impressed and curious, particularly because the details eluded him due to his hasty translating process. Towards the evening, after some eight or so hours of work, he also came to the startling conclusion that the manuscript and the pages in the binder didn't match in their entirety. Either the ex-professor had done work of his own (likely) or there was another source aside from the Voynich manuscript (also possible).
“Maybe… don't joke about murder?” John shrugged a little at him as he arrived, then made one of those apologetic expressions at Lestrade and Donovan. Sherlock rolled his eyes.
He nodded and John gave him a smile. It was a weary one, but it was there and Sherlock counted it as a personal victory (what other kinds were there). John still liked him, and would keep on doing so for the foreseeable future. Sherlock felt inclined to be nice for the rest of the evening, aided by the fact he couldn't really speak and was groggy and sore and soon back in bed.
“What?” John chuckled, still amused by the previous quip, so slow to change gears and reconfigure for the matter at hand.
“I told you not to come up here.” John had taken in the state of the room. The open doors of the wardrobe, the rummaged up drawers, the medical journals and the photographs out of their envelopes.
moral or immoral. People without empathy or guilt are the only ones who are truly free.”
They both hesitated, John because he didn't want to mess up official evidence and Molly because she wanted to tell them to stop. For a few seconds neither of them moved so Sherlock had to look up at them. “What?” he demanded. “Hurry up.”
She stayed there, leaning on the door jamb, arms crossed, sighing. She was lonely again. Sherlock waved at her and she waved back and shook her head.
“Oh, now… now you're just being petty.” John lifted his eyes to scowl at Sherlock.
Some elevators and corridors passed as he chewed on himself and then found himself in the same room as John. John had a heated blanket over him and was asleep so Sherlock went ahead and got into the bed with him. He had his back-up mobile to occupy him while John recovered. Lestrade had sent crime scene photos. But how disappointing. The man had not been murdered by a ghost but someone possibly outside his flat altogether. It was clear he had dragged himself into that room, locked himself in there and then died there from the wounds received somewhere else. Sherlock was typing a text when he heard something.
John gave him a look (‘what? me? why?’), but didn't argue. Sherlock knew John was aware of their audience as well, and of Sherlock's desire to grandstand in front of audiences, particularly at times when he had deduced something good. John pushed his ridiculous cap into Sherlock's hand (payback) and found a seam where he could fit his fingers and try to pull the stove out of the wall. His face registered surprise when the stove moved out as though it was on wheels and revealed a small hatch behind it. Just tall enough for a grown person to go through on hands and knees.
Since there was pointless protocol and procedure before the corpse actually made it to an examination table, Sherlock spent the time waiting for a text from John. There was none. Sherlock felt mildly agitated about it.
“Stop it,” John's voice cut through his thoughts. He reached forward and grasped Sherlock's arm, squeezing it, just above the wrist. “I know what you're thinking and it's human to be different,” he even smiled (which surprised Sherlock, considering the circumstances).
“Or sand,” Sherlock said, pulling back a little to look at John. He'd put his phone down on the table and it's light was disappearing into the dark, not providing much actual illumination. Still, even in that meagre light, Sherlock could see John being paler than usual and the way he clenched his jaw to keep from trembling. “Step back,” he said, pushing John away as he grabbed the little vial and held it between his hands to warm it up faster, even if his body didn't have much warmth to share.
“And you expect me to feel guilty as well.” Sherlock leaned forward. “You want me to admit I made the wrong decision when I decided not to take the case because you want me to have made that decision for the
He opened his mouth to produce a scathing remark but all that came out was a harsh inarticulate sound. It made John look up and then lean forward to place his hand on Sherlock's knee.
“Hello,” the young woman greeted them (him). “What are you looking for?”
John.” He'd rationalise this later. He'd understand this later. Psilocybin was a hallucinogenic.
“Bad,” Sherlock huffed, crawling backwards to get on a sound piece of floor so he could get up. “How insightful. You'll probably get giardiasis, you know. Stagnant water, probably untreated, combination of groundwater and perhaps a pipe leak or break.”
“You were in my face!” John exclaimed.
“I'm FINE.”
Sherlock paced and listened. His hair hurt. He had a phantom headache in all those parts of his brain that he'd excised to make room for his deductions. The one that was supposed to store social schemas particularly.
It wasn't long until the door opened again and Mycroft stepped in. One of the perhaps most annoying features about him was that he was quite difficult to read, even for Sherlock. He looked indifferent even now, perhaps mildly annoyed.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and turned on his heel to continue walking. He seethed as he went, and deliberately did not listen to anything John said as he spoke with Mycroft. It was all a bait, was Mycroft purposefully trying to tempt him with a locked-room murder? Did that mean he had an interest in the polyphagic man? Was Sherlock reading too much into Mycroft's rather timely interest in some (probably) random murder? Despite appearances he did consider Mycroft to be very clever and nothing was beyond him. He was in a position in the world where he could do anything (moral or immoral, if he had any belief in a system of morality) to further his agenda, or the agenda of those people above him in the food chain. Hah, food chain.
“That's just unnecessary.” Sherlock made a face and had he felt physically better he would have gotten up and left, but he hadn't slept properly in a while and every part of his body seemed to be in pain or residing next to pain.
“Took it well, did he?” John asked, having stopped by Sherlock's side.
“You could've texted me, at least.”
Sherlock considered a sullen silence. “Depends on what day it is,” he said then. John was implying he only got the last word because Sherlock was sleep-deprived. It was... kind. Frustratingly so. People who needed kindness were weak, dependent on others. It was only recently he had realised that not everyone else viewed kindness (given or received) that way.
The door was more substantial than the hatch had been and Sherlock zeroed in on it immediately. This was merely the front room, the liminal phase before the full immersion, the bedroom as it were. He felt energised as he reached for the latch, knowing John had his back.
There was a battered pile of thick envelopes in it, along with a few boxes of ammo for his pistol. Sherlock was disappointed. John was boring him even without being there. He scraped the envelopes to his side of the suitcase and opened one, finding it full of photographs, taken somewhere very brown, with men in uniforms standing or sitting about, sometimes grinning at the camera, sometimes ignoring it, sometimes in full combat gear, staring off in the distance. The photos were dated by the camera and behind them read the amount of days John had had left in his rotation, it seemed. There was one for each day. Sherlock patiently went through all the envelopes (one of them had old family pictures).
(Nevertheless, he still took a moment to look over the dead man and get a few pictures of him. Late 50s, early 60s. An academic. Or a highly educated professional most likely working in a sedentary academic setting. Death hadn't been a violent one if one didn't count the missing hand. His pockets were empty. He seemed to be reclining in the cardboard boxes, which was an irrelevant observation, but one that struck Sherlock anyway.)
and get a tox screen to rule out drugs,” Sherlock said with heavy emphasis. He wasn't one to tell others how to do their job (except all the time) but this was ridiculous. “And as for insanity… Are
“You really don't think you're human,” John said, a little calmer. There was an underlying hint of sadness as well.
John groaned. “Please shut up.”
“Go home,” John said after a few more kisses, his hand still cupping the curve of Sherlock's jaw. “Or go solve a case. But stop bugging me. I want to sleep.”
The mirror groaned as Sherlock thunked his forehead against it again. He did that a few times although not hard enough to break neither the mirror or his head. Whether it was shared psychosis or whatever else Sherlock knew he didn't want to experience it again. Or see that woman.
“Greg. You look fresh.” John was mildly amused, mostly sympathetic; Sherlock still refused to believe Lestrade's name was Greg.
“You could help me find my wallet. Haven't seen it since last night.” John followed him, patiently (annoyingly) waited until Sherlock gave up and sat up on the sofa, too much in pain to lie down.
“Any ideas?”
John was quiet for a bit, then stood up. “Yeah,” he agreed. “But I don't always like you.”
The steam vortices had spread and the air was filled with slowly rotating vapour spirals. The fire had become feeble and its crackles were low and faint. Colour had drained from the flames and they were almost grey.
“I was ASLEEP,” Lestrade repeated the obvious. “I got to bed about three hours ago.”
Amorphous finger-like shadows were creeping up the walls from the corner of the room and across the floor. “What if I say no?” Sherlock asked. Even his own voice sounded wrong. Trying to move felt as though he was underwater.
“So we'll just make sure none of it gets on us or on our clothes and we don't breathe it in...” Sherlock muttered. “The fire will be contained in this metal box, it won't spread. We might need soda ash to put it out...”
“Right,” he heard John say and he also heard the utter relief in his voice though only a handful of minutes had passed. The lack of light did strange things to people, even ones with John's experience with horrors of human life.
“Not much, I'm afraid,” she finally replied. “And I spy on my neighbours all the time.” She didn't quite cackle at the end, rather coughed with a smile. Sherlock judged her use of time as useful. Observing one's surroundings was always useful. He had observed Mrs Haversham's home had very few pictures of family, almost singly old black and white ones (or sepia, which came from cuttlefish) of her parents and her wedding photo. The few pictures in colour were of a young man, her grandson, the only one she got along with. Her wealth was obvious in the furniture and in the Bohemian crystal in her cabinets, but it was all old.
“N-no,” John admitted, having pressed close to Sherlock, now shaking from the strength of Sherlock's vigorous rubbing. “But you do and that worries me.”
“Then why didn't you?” Molly looked up at him, also showing the same disappointment John had.
John shook is head in exasperation and pushed the suitcase back under his bed. “Because this is MY room. My space.” He gestured around. “I deserve SOME privacy. Don't I?” The tag question was added in a resigned manner. “You get to see through me all day.”
“Wow.” John rolled his eyes. “Still thinking about the polyphagic man?”
John and Lestrade followed in the wide swath of space Sherlock created as he swept out of the diner (he'd taken the precaution of his good coat again because he never underestimated the power of appearances or first impressions). Lestrade had not brought a car, but cabs were more than serviceable and they allowed Sherlock to subtly gloat at Lestrade during the trip, which didn't escape John's attention. So John spent the trip frowning at Sherlock, with the expression of ‘behave, I don't want you to end up arrested AGAIN, and I particularly don't want to punch Lestrade just out of loyalty to you’. John had very loquacious face.
“Be careful, boys,” she called after them.
“Drugs, right?” Lestrade was looking at Sherlock rather despondently, hoping he'd agree, maybe exonerate the whole division of guilt and responsibility regarding the dead man. “Or insanity? Give me something.”
“No,” Sherlock said even though he had considered it for a second. Longer than that. His desire to
“What tipped you off?” Sherlock looked at John again, carefully picking up the hand from the opened esophagus. It was his deduction also, from the abnormalities in his gastrointestinal tract. The rest of him seemed fairly normal, or within normal limits. He always liked to hear what other people could deduce, John in particular. Most people didn't even try when he asked, knowing they'd most likely be met with derision when Sherlock told them they were absolutely wrong (but then they always were wrong, it wasn't his fault they were utter idiots).
John craned his head around to look at him. “Yeah?”
“Whatever bacterial or parasitic or protozoal infection we contract from being in this house can be treated with medicine. Hypothermia is treated with warmth. I am providing warmth. You don't even know what tert-butyllithium is.”
“I'm going to lose my licence for you.” John walked in with those words, shaking his head, but he had no blame. He cared, he needed to care, he needed to be needed. He had an IV bag, which he hung around a bedpost before sitting on the bed.
“Mm?” John mumbled, only glancing up.
“God.” John was wincing. “And the girl had been locked there for how long?”
She turned to look at him. “Yes..?” Her face was very pale and her eyes very dark in the fluorescent lights of the lab.
“Get me out,” Sherlock said without breath. “
,” Sherlock replied with a roll of his eyes, catching John's wince in his peripheral vision (what, the girl was
“Yeah, why is-”
It wasn't that he was completely unaware of what happened around him when he was mind-palacing, but it was that he chose to ignore those things. He was gifted with great powers of compartmentalisation and concentration on top of his ability to deduce and memorise and then remember. So he was peripherally aware John had taxied him home from the mortuary and that Molly had given him a preliminary autopsy report (she did all these illegal things). Molly was good at what she did and Sherlock appreciated that. He appreciated that she didn't try to figure out motives from what she discovered, she only recorded those discoveries as objectively as she could and left the detective work to Sherlock (or, God forbid, Scotland Yard).
was actually orange. Spray tan. Her lips were pale and her hair was a platinum mess of over-stressed strands, and she was dressed weather inappropriately in a short skirt and heeled boots and a jacket that was as puffy as her eyes.
John looked up with glassy eyes, blinked at him, then dug out the knife, his movements very stiff. It only made Sherlock very certain that he was making the right choice despite the dangers of organolithium compounds. He took the knife and used it to pry open the bottle, aiming it at the flammable (empty) pages in the box. As soon as air hit the tert-butyllithium it burst into fire. He'd handled it once before at uni, under some very strict supervision and a fume hood, wearing flame-retardant clothing. He tossed the whole of the vial into the box and stepped back. Fire sprouted out of it in the air, creating an arc of flame that followed the vial and then burst into a fire in the box. Sherlock took John by the shoulders and situated him near the fire to dry out.
“John!” he yelled, leaping up off the sofa. “ABC Selfstore!” He dashed forward and grabbed the nearest laptop, tearing it open. “They still use keys for their storage units!”
Oceans swelled and ebbed inside Sherlock's brain. Was it regret he felt? Impotence? Fear? Then he felt a different thing, a hand on his arm.
The first viewing of the tape prompted another diagnosis from Lestrade. “Schizophrenia?” he uttered, giving Sherlock a glance. And when Sherlock didn't respond, a third one during the second viewing: “Drugs? I mean, that's not normal.”
“John!” Sherlock shook him. “A blocked number!” He loved the possibilities blocked numbers offered. It could be anybody! In his case it was often death threats, either meant personally for him or to those few he considered friends.
“I don't understand,” Sherlock admitted, an admission only to be made in John's presence. But he was fairly sure John had been about to say it was the reason why he loved him. Sherlock realised he would've liked to hear the words after all. Even if romantic love was merely a product of hormones and biology and ultimately too ephemeral to be a basis for anything.
“Sherlock,” Alice said just then, with her voice carrying more strength than it had before, making Sherlock's eyes see black for a moment. “You are perfect for me. If you walk out that door I will come after you. I will have you.” Despite the rage in her voice and the darkness she radiated she remained composed, sitting like a mermaid on the floor with her useless legs.
“Thanks, and those are some of my faults, not my moral views. You should know the difference.” John carted him some biscuits while the bread was in the toaster.
“Of course it is,” John muttered as Sherlock turned to take off his gloves and grab the coffee, ignoring John's comment. The coffee was disgusting, but he drank it anyway, staring at the hand and the key on the table.
“I got you,” John murmured. His fingertips were rubbing into Sherlock's scalp just behind his ears, easing tension that was creeping up from Sherlock's shoulders. “Look at me.”
John groaned, pulled his blanket over his head and didn't move.
“I agree,” John said, voice a bit shaky too. He must have been biting his teeth together to stop them from clicking together. “Tense is a better word for this than exciting. Because I'm far from excited. I'm the opposite of excited. I'm-”
“Why are you- Are you wearing my cardie?”
“Just… nothing.” John got up, rubbing his face and headed out of the room. Hopefully to wake up and get dressed. Sherlock considered leaving him behind, but only for a brief moment. He would need John to ground him. The fact he even thought about that meant there had been change. He'd changed. But not enough to alert the police to the address. Yet, anyway.
“Your brother thinks it was a ghost.” John was amused. Mirthful, even.
“No. Well. Yes, that too.” John nodded, not looking at him, working on the hinges with a frown on his face. “But you're my best friend. My best... everything.”
“We don't know what she looks like,” John said then, with slight disbelief that a killer who killed using wall-paper would have a design shop. There was no such thing as coincidence.
He pressed his tongue against his teeth and his foot against the arm of the sofa to stop dwelling on sensory deprivation. He opened his eyes to their widest and took a deep breath, fingers digging into the threadbare fabric of the sofa cushions. The light was grey, the ceiling was yellowing, the flat smelled of curry (John's lunch, Sherlock had had yet another canned mushroom soup) and dust and dirty dishes. There was traffic on the street, an ambulance in the distance. A car with a V8 engine went by.
John gave him a look ('This is not over, Sherlock') and answered. “Hello, Mycroft. How can I help you? Again?”
“It's not locked. I don't think. It's just rusted shut,” John called back and prodded the door with his foot.
John made a vaguely affirmative sound which meant he'd also witnessed the events. “But then he-”
, not for you,” Molly said, lifting her chin and giving him a look which she must've thought was withering.
John was all ‘we’s, all the time, even if both of them knew their lives were mostly about Sherlock, which suited Sherlock just fine. It was as it should be.
“The more important question is why I would want to say either of those things.” Sherlock growled, though it was ever so slightly ineffectual because his tongue really wasn't properly healed yet. He wasn't about to wait for it to happen, though, he wasn't going to be denied. He grabbed the sides of John's face and kissed him again (and noted John didn't resist, so much for being the doctor).
“I'm not a child,” Sherlock protested. Mrs Haversham had lit another cigarette from the end of her old one and was watching them, but with an expression of one who wants her solitude back.
Said companionship was looking at him, head tilted slightly, chin pushed forward, emoting something that Sherlock couldn't quite place. Perhaps belligerence? He wanted to ask and at the same time he didn't want to know because it'd just end up filling his brain with irrelevant noise.
“Would you know if I wasn't myself?” Sherlock asked after chewing down a piece of the unrecognisable food. They were sat in their chairs, with the coffee table having been pulled between them. John was having a drink.
“Is this really necessary?” Lestrade asked in an aimless manner, which Sherlock interpreted as meaning the question was rhetorical and meant for both him and Donovan. He resisted replying with ‘she started it.’
Sherlock looked at John with more care. “Yeah,” he said quietly. Sometimes John's perceptive abilities slipped under his radar because they weren't as good as his. They also weren't tuned the same way as his so the results weren't the same either. It wasn't that humans were the same as bees, it was that Sherlock considered them the same and John understood that.
Since the tea had been just a pretence to be interested in something else than Mycroft, Sherlock abandoned it immediately after Mycroft had left and got out the binder. He sat at his desk and opened both the binder and the manuscript, laying them side to side (which pushed off some of John's papers). He could feel his face stretching as a grin pushed his mouth wide and engaged the muscles of his eyes (zygomatic major and orbicularis oculi) to create a true expression of happiness. He was going to find out the secrets of this no-longer-secret society.
At least one thing was a constant: the complete disinterest of minimum wage employees. Sherlock had the key to a locker so they weren't really interested in who he was as they entered the selfstore. And perhaps it was a bit useful his face had been all over newspapers and the internet lately, people who didn't recognise him would still have seen a picture of him (most likely) and think he looked familiar, which could lead them to infer that he must've visited them before. In this case the clerk at the selfstore seemed to consider him a regular visitor and waved him through.
“I did and I don't know,” John replied, looking at Sherlock over the top of his laptop. “But what's more likely? A death with natural causes or a death with supernatural causes?”
“Yes? Do you want the details?”
The expression on John's face was priceless. There had been much in their lives that had deviated from the norm and even more so in the last few months but it was obvious John was not okay with it coming to this point. His hands were permanently clenched into fists now and stiff at his sides, possibly trying to keep himself from punching Gibson. Instead of a punch, John surged forward, grabbing Gibson's cardigan and slamming him against the window.
“You can plead your case to the Detective Inspector once he arrives,” Sherlock said as John stepped out of the building with mobile in hand and a grim look on his face. “But I know men like him and my John don't see the scientific value of what you're doing, if there indeed is any. They will only see the people you killed.”
“You got me there,” Lestrade said. “Care to ela-”
Lestrade consulted his notebook while John stood to the side and stared down at the corpse with a frown. But not a frown of displeasure, more one of thoughtfulness. “He, uhh… he said he'd been ‘taken’ by someone called Alice. Then he started choking and clutching at his neck,” Lestrade read his notes, then closed the notebook again. “Could it be multiple personality disorder?”
Sherlock nodded and unfolded from the chair to go and dress. He was done in a few moments, after realising there was no way he could fit a shoe over his cast. He rummaged around in the kitchen for plastic bags and some rubber bands to put over it, and borrowed one of John's woollen sock for padding. John was waiting for him downstairs, catching up with Mrs Hudson.
“I inspected the body for clues because the police officer that had accompanied it had clearly been hired from the policing for IDIOTS school and had no worthwhile input even when questioned with the utmost simplicity.” Sherlock grunted in disgust. “What interested me were the traces of the yellow, papery substance under the body's fingernails. I took a sample and left to look at the crime scene.”
“John,” he said, but the voice that came out of his mouth was far more guttural and needy than he'd expected.
“Erectile dysfunction,” John countered, working his way down Sherlock's sides with a look of concentration.
“Right. You know the deal,” he said, face set in a serious expression. “Keep to the side until I decide it's clear. Got it?” He had his gun out now. He was lovely. Sherlock nodded and squeezed himself in the corner after hitting the button for the top floor, watching John.
Of course.
“He thinks I'm lovely,” she said in a tone of voice that implied she didn't quite believe him. It wasn't surprising, her self-confidence wasn't the best. Then she turned and gave him a look. “You chose John because he said you were amazing. How is that any different?”
“Yeah. And for the record he didn't believe we were at home so-”
“What. Dose.” John's nostrils were flared in imminent anger.
John liked to look at him. It was just as well. Sherlock liked to look back.
John had tilted his head back on his pillow, eyes closed. “There was this one man,” he began, slightly hesitant. “He'd been hit by an IED, but he wasn't in critical condition, though his legs had been amputated. He was in the field hospital waiting for transport when my shift began. He'd been brought in and operated on during the shift previous to mine.”
“What-” John lifted his head a bit, mouth wrinkled in objection. The nature of said objection remained ambiguous (probably something to do with sex).
“Okay.” John frowned, but only briefly. “I'll get him if you get a bath.”
Sherlock just watched him a moment. “That's why I need you.” Had John not realised that?
“John!” Sherlock said, turning. John was still on the phone. “Ask
The old man continued: “I've no doubt in my mind you would have found me out sooner than later so I decided I'd rather invite you to see my process. Perhaps we could work out the particulars of guilt and punishment.”
“I need to see the place immediately.” Sherlock used the cane to force the door open, making the old woman step back.
“What were your exact words regarding it?”
Mrs Haversham brought him a glass of water and he took the opportunity to down another handful of paracetamol along with it, which had been John's intention all along, no doubt. The lady sat opposite them, across a coffee table finished to such a high shine that Sherlock could've used it as a mirror when shaving.
“Is that- It's like a TOMB.” John was circling the tank, horrified. “Do you think there's someone in it?”
Her fingers were at the back of his brain, grasping and pulling.
“Plenty. I need to go back to Gibson's.”
“John,” Sherlock said while working with acetone to undo the glue (usually not recommended for removing glue from skin, but the hand was already dead (the man who had previously possessed the hand—no idea), what harm could it do at this point). He'd taken a seat and had Molly hovering nearby, quiet though radiating worry and uncertainty. It was annoying. “Can you check what's in his stomach? And Molly, it's late, I could use caffeine. About 200 millilitres will do. Two sugars.”
The action was involuntary. Sherlock's muscles worked on their own, releasing all that pent energy he had been carrying around. The pillow sailed across the sitting room in a taut arc and landed on John's face with a satisfying thump. Sherlock smiled.
“What?” John said when Sherlock shoved him the cutters and stalked off to find a spot to cut a hole into the fence. “No, Sherlock, no. We're not going to- Hey!” John ran after him. “Sherlock,” he began with his serious voice.
“Are you certain you won't have coffee?” she asked and raised her arm in his direction, only a vague blur in Sherlock's sight. Then something hit his side, followed by bright white light in his eyes and the pain of forcefully contracting muscles, driving him off the chair and onto the floor. He was able to take a short breath before another wave of pain broke over him, replacing the white light with darkness.
Mrs Haversham had sunk into her armchair. “Why, yes, now that I think of it, I do remember something. An address I heard her give to a cab driver once not long ago. Would that be the sort of thing you're wanting?”
“Because he begged you not to with his last breath.”
“It literally perpetuates itself,” Sherlock snapped. “Is this all? I want to go home and have a shower. I spent thirty-seven minutes in what was essentially a sewer.”
“Ah, yes. You're quite right,” she admitted and administered sugar to Sherlock's tea before pushing the cup towards him. “Would you like to ask me anything?”
“I want you to have this.” Gibson picked up a binder and handed it to Sherlock. “I hope my show of goodwill is enough for a more lenient sentencing.”
“How resentful are you, on a scale of one to ten?” Sherlock asked.
Lestrade had hurried up, but was now covering his nose and mouth with his arm. “Don't go in. I'm getting a team here.”
He didn't as much look under the bed as shove one of his crutches under it and pull out whatever he could. He managed to fish out a collapsed tower of old medical journals and a battered suitcase that was light enough to be moved by his attempts. It wasn't locked (and again, even if it had been) so Sherlock took it to understand it was something he was allowed to and practically meant to look into. He managed to sit by it on the floor despite his numerous and irritating injuries and threw it open.
“Rational. I can accept that,” Sherlock replied. He'd managed to shift a box enough to shine the light down the hole. John's face was pale against the shifting mass of dark water, perhaps one and a half metres below the level of the floor. “Is there a current?” he asked.
The house, when they arrived to see it, had a grand Regency style front. It had the white-painted stucco façade and the black front door framed by two columns. A wrought iron balcony hung above the main door between two tall bow windows. Sherlock took it in with a single glance and clanked up to the door, pressing the first buzzer that happened under his finger.
Idiots and short-sighted fools!
Sherlock had moved to the door of the building and punched a code into the keypad with some flourish and was rewarded with a click as the door unlocked. He entered with a bit of a prance, feeling the consternation from John.
“All right?” he said and then cleared his throat. “You were… more needy than usual.”
He listened for the ding of John's phone, which was followed by a chuckle, and John calling out: “Thank you for including your initials, I wouldn't have guessed it was you otherwise.”
“Yeah and be bored,” Sherlock snorted. He glanced up the hole they'd both come through. He knew which way he'd faced so he knew which direction the door was and from that and the tree arrangements they'd seen outside he could extrapolate north. Not that cardinal directions meant as much inside a water-logged cellar as they would have in a forest. Not that he'd ever really been lost in a forest. Not that he even cared about wilderness survival skills.
“No,” John said, glancing at Lestrade who was used to their crime scene flirting and fighting and didn't interrupt. “Why would I be happy someone's dead?”
“Stop grinding your teeth, I can hear it,” John muttered.
“Of?” Sherlock responded.
What remained of Arthur Gibson was a husk of meat on the floor behind the table and the chair that had been pushed aside. A cup of water was turned over and splashed on the floor. His clothes were in disarray.
Sherlock had arrived at the same conclusion. He picked up the hand and put it on a stainless steel tray, then brought it to another operating table to study.
“Do you remember how you got into bed?” Sherlock countered, deciding that if he couldn't kill John (physically yes, emotionally no, which was already annoying), he'd at least taunt him.
He crawled along on the floor, with John keeping watch. There was a path. No single footprints. Someone had been here several times, back and forth, and quite recently. He gestured to John and pointed at a dark grey door, stepping aside for John to do his thing. John nodded, stood to the other side of the door, and counted down with his fingers.
“Yeah, I suppose.” John closed his eyes. “Just not typically with you.”
Sherlock considered the crutches. He could attach something sharp to one end and use one as a harpoon to spear John, but then everything hurt at the same time and he had to resign himself to at least listening to John's explanation. Maybe hearing him out would cause a brain haemorrhage from the sheer stupidity and he'd die of it.
“A blind man?”
John was quiet for a bit. “Are you going to tell me about- well, anything that happened?”
“I've brought you here to make you an offer, Sherlock,” she replied. “If you say yes, I will share everything I know.” Her voice had taken on a strange quality as though the words were repeated a fraction of a second later on another sound channel.
“Oh, I see,” John said calmly. “The corpse has already been opened so it's not interesting any more, but the storage locker hasn't and it's bothering you.”
“Shut up!” Sherlock snapped, annoyed by the thought of John's face saying things. Usually John was not a problem on his radar, he could make himself disappear (perhaps he could STOP THINKING), but right now he was a giant issue (and his STUPID FACE).
“Shut up,” he said.
“Did you look at the photos of the body?” Sherlock asked instead, once again choosing not to acknowledge a question that had an obvious answer (John really should have learned by now).
“The black substance under the nails of the severed hand was iron gall ink, slightly acidic,” John said suddenly. Or at least it felt sudden to Sherlock as they sat in a cab. So Molly had actually worked on that.
John took a tentative step in, gun still pointed though there was no immediate danger or target. Sherlock made a noise, only barely stopping himself from telling John to get out of the way. It wouldn't have helped any, anyway. John gave him a look, that steady one, ‘I've got this,’ he was saying. He was being protective, the idiot.
“The two women who were found dead have been identified,” John said, turning into Sherlock's wake and following. “Missing persons database returned a hit on both of them and dental records confirmed.”
Pain sprang at him from every corner of his body, forcing a grunt out of him that bubbled at his lips with blood and saliva. He tried to swallow and ended up coughing.
“Sherlock Holmes,” Sherlock said and sat.
“That's not what I-” Lestrade began, but John shushed him and put a hand on Sherlock's elbow again.
John made a little sound, face troubled, but he stayed by the counter, disquieted. He had learned to spot some of the tells that were so flagrant to Sherlock and he could tell this person in front of them was not quite right.
“I've stepped on a dead person, John,” Sherlock informed him calmly. He turned on the light on his mobile to check. “Yep. Dead. Handless. I do believe I've located Mr Ljuga.” (Assuming it was Mr Ljuga who had lost his hand, assuming Mr Ljuga had given his real name at the selfstore, assuming Mr Ljuga owned this deathtrap of a house.)
“And now it is?” she asked quietly. She didn't get disappointed the same way John did, there was no aggression, just a deep and quiet coldness. And sorrow.
“No, for God's sake, John, do you ever listen? A man who had LOST his sight. How much more obviously can I say it?”
He heard John shift and take a breath, though even that was disappointed. He was disappointed about the books. How could he be when he didn't even know what was in them?
Sherlock stood unmoving, staring at the barrel of the gun. She wasn't used to handling one, the barrel was pointed slightly down, a mistake many first-timers made. He shuffled slightly to the side, on the pretence of shifting the weight off his hurt foot. Her eyes followed him because for now it was he she wanted to talk to.
hopeless of detectives, do you
leaked the manuscript
“That's nice.” John was making that face, the ‘don't be so morbid’ one. Sherlock was an expert on decoding John's face, but he was also an expert at catching micro-expressions on anyone's face, he made a living out of details, after all.
“I thought he was in police custody,” Sherlock said.
“Yeah,” John said. “Don't ask me to estimate how cold.”
Sherlock pushed the door open and John leaned in, gun pointed in. Light came out of the doorway and landed on John's face which had turned from determined to confused in a blink. He checked the corners again, advancing into the room, while Sherlock tried to contain his explosive curiosity.
“Well, I believe that is a matter of opinion.” She was still smiling, hands crossed on the desk, very poised.
“Sherlock, no. You don't think..? No one can strangle people without actually being present.” John was apprehensive. “It's much more likely it was the stress of the situation catching up to him. Straining can cause the capillaries to burst and create bruises and bleeds in the eyes.”
Sherlock stopped, turned around and pointed at a bulletin board near the door in a very highfalutin manner. “It is written there. On a piece of paper that is attached to the cork board with two silver thumb tacks.”
John blinked, then attempted again, taking Sherlock's words as literally as he could (which was a visible effort). “A man... who had... misplaced his sight? He was able to see, but not at the moment because his sight was missing?”
Sherlock didn't give him the time to protest and just swept him out the door and into the street, striding forth when no cabs were immediately available. John hurried after him, silent until the chilly night air (ostensibly) cleared his head.
“I know you have contacts with Scotland Yard,” Gibson replied calmly.
John sunk back into the chair. “All right. You went to see the crime scene. The police were already there?”
“John,” he called out after a while. This room was labyrinthine at best and utterly unnavigable at worst. The light from the fire was a mere suggestion of shadows in the pitch black and Sherlock had already banged his shins on too many things. At least the piles here were lower so he could climb over them (as an experienced furniture-mountaineer). “Why didn't you believe that the wall-paper from my previous case could cause insanity and death?”
“Yes. The body was found in a small room by the owner of the property. He'd rented the room out through the Internet as he himself lives out of town. He only came to inspect after the rent hadn't been paid for two months.” Sherlock made sure John was still listening by giving him a glance. “He had trouble entering the place because it seemed someone had put wall-paper not only on the walls but also over the door and the windows. The yellow residue under the body's fingernails were from clawing at that wall-paper, trying to find a way out.” He demonstrated by scratching at the air with both of his hands, delighted at the mystery. Whoever had put up the wall-paper had left AFTER covering all the exits.
“And the test subjects are brought to you by someone else,” Sherlock concluded. He held his arm back, feeling John bump into it when he used the words ‘test subjects.’
“That would be Miss Price,” she replied. “She's in number 2.”
“How would you know?” John said finally.
John pocketed the item. “I'm going to take off your shoe and sock and check your foot,” he said.
“John,” he said. He wasn't going to be bored
“Where are you going?” John asked with mild to moderate interest. Sherlock made no reply as he wound his scarf around his neck and rattled down the stairs.
“Promises,” John murmured, eyes closed again. He still smiled and his face was peaceful and clean of lines.
“You mean the way you lock them up and give them hallucinogenics to further the effect of the wall-paper, which eventually, along with hunger, drives them mad and kills them?” Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “Why go to all the trouble?”
“I'm tired, John,” he said. He knew what to do to get back to Baker Street, but he didn't want to do it. “Everything is too mundane and banal. It makes me tired.”
“John,” Sherlock said, not having really listened. There were people behind them, watching. Sherlock stepped away from the stove and struck a pose. “Pull the stove out,” he commanded.
“John,” he said again because he liked to make John look at him and because he liked saying his name. “Her death has led us to a greater conspiracy. Isn't that enough?”
“You heard him,” Sherlock replied, pre-occupied with the box and its occupant. He refused to feel guilty (which was probably what annoyed John). It wasn't his fault. Murders in general weren't his fault, even if he took great pleasure in solving them. Even if people like Sally Donovan believed he committed a murder every day between tea and supper. People really didn't give him enough credit for actually
Sherlock snorted. The POINT of nicking things was that they belonged to SOMEONE ELSE. If they were his already then it wasn't stealing, it was just moving them from one location to another. Sometimes, Sherlock had admitted this to himself, he took things just to have John react, but the best part was he never knew what John would react to or how he would react. He was amused at some, but strict about harmless things like cigarettes (they had been low-tar, too, Sherlock had been moderating himself which he'd thought John would appreciate).
He looked at John. Furrowed brows: anger. Down-turned mouth: disappointment, sadness. Avoiding eye-contact: guilt. Tense body: feeling righteous.
“Because I'm tired of being trapped in my body and you view yours only as a necessary evil.”
'It isn't even our locker,' John's face said as Sherlock glanced at him when he hadn't moved immediately, but then he just sighed and trundled along to do as he was told like a good little soldier. It was imperative the books were immediately retrieved for further study at 221B, or even the pathology lab at Barts.
Sherlock was resigned to having to hear this out. John wouldn't take no for an answer and if Sherlock tried to leave, John would probably sit on him and then tell him all about the bloody dog.
“Did Molly ring?” Sherlock asked instead of acknowledging John's hypothesis and sat up to accept the cup of tea.
At that the waitress left hastily and fortified herself behind the counter again, giving Sherlock haunted looks.
“Oh God,” John groaned and turned over. “Go away, Sherlock.”
“Yeah, and those are the pleasant symptoms,” John agreed, moving close again and grasping Sherlock's coat again, much to Sherlock's surprise, but then he took another look at John's face in the unflattering light of his mobile. The relief was so utter and absolute.
defend him on account of being cross with him.
His furor was derailed by his phone.
“No, it doesn't,” John admitted, opening his eyes and looking up at Sherlock for a bit. “I don't need an explanation for everything. Isn't the defining feature of supernatural that it can't be explained by a naturalistic method?”
John shuffled back into the sitting room. “Right, then.” He sat down and adjusted the cushions (thinking audibly). “Have you ever been diagnosed? By someone other than yourself?”
The thing that brought Sherlock out of his translating frenzy was John's hand on the back of his neck, a touch that was possessive and intimate at the same time. “All right?” John asked, looking over Sherlock's shoulder but not expressing any real interest in the translation. So he hadn't been kidnapped after all.
“Great, why don't I go first?” John had splayed his hand on the small of Sherlock's back, trying to peer in past him.
“What?” John said, turning to look. He'd been rather quiet since they'd left the scene of crime. “Whose motto?”
“No,” Sherlock said and saw John relax. “She didn't give me the chance.”
“What? No.” John sounded only mildly offended. He had a history of dispatchment, after all. Although mostly just when Sherlock was in danger of losing life or limb.
John just rolled his eyes, moving away to peer into a window, but then pulled away with a slight puzzlement evident on his face. “The windows are blocked with something. Drapes or cloth of some sort, I think.”
John drummed his fingers on the back of the forged book. “So? When are we going?” he asked then. Faithful to his adrenaline habit as always.
the questions. Had everything he thought he knew been called into question or had he met someone so brilliant at manipulation that he'd been made to think that? Both options were unsettling. Unfathomable.
Sherlock frowned.
“So? You're happy if someone's wounded so you can save them,” Sherlock snorted.
“John!” he said, though what he meant was ‘for God's sake, could you be any slower, get on with it or I will!’
“Tell who? Tell what?” Sherlock had crouched in front of the door. “A man had his hand severed. He could still be alive. Don't you think it's our duty to go in and try to find him?”
“Twenty-seven minutes and three seconds,” Sherlock said flatly. He understood John's outburst, he could be suffering from hypothermia soon and that would obviously lower his chances of survival to almost zero if they were not able to find a way out.
“Exactly, the tip, let's go.” Sherlock got up.
“Need to analyse this,” Sherlock muttered, pointing out the substance under the nails to John, then he tried to open the fist. “I think the hand's glued shut.”
“The human ability to distinguish between right and wrong is the basis of morality.” John coalesced into existence in Sherlock's brain as he waited for the taxi. “Empathy and guilt are the basis of distinguishing between right and wrong.”
“Tea?” the lady asked then. Another social custom which Sherlock could tell was only out of politeness, not any real desire to offer them refreshments.
She looked up. “You- you can't be serious. There's a ghost! Something's wrong!” She got up and started wringing her right hand.
“We might?” The light went out. “Not sure I want to spend that much time here. Without a hazmat suit.” The last was added in a mutter, but it was quiet enough inside the house for Sherlock to hear it clearly.
“John,” he said. “How far is the car lot?”
Oh. Yes. Of course.
Sleeping was a skill and Sherlock wasn't very skilled at sleeping. For years he had assumed everyone slept like he did, or rather, didn't sleep. Everyone went to bed and then spent two to four hours rolling around in abject misery*, didn't they? (*Misery, mis-er-y,
“Long enough to be emaciated, but that wasn't the cause of dead. She had a water supply, she should've survived longer than she did, based on purely physical facts, but. She didn't.”
“John,” Sherlock said and looked up, only to realise they were in a pub serving English breakfast instead of a cab. There was a plate of food in front of him as well as John who was already eating.
“John,” he said. “The corpse has been removed from Barts, along with everything found in it or on it, and Molly's autopsy report deleted and destroyed.”
“Yes, yes, but what else?” Sherlock made a gesture at John to keep going.
“If she can text I doubt she's badly hurt or traumatised, John,” Sherlock huffed. “For God's sake, stop playing in the bushes and just come on.”
“Do you want to know how I do it?” She, like all of her kind, wanted people to know how clever she was. Sherlock had rather expected it, and he fully intended to take advantage of it.
This was the type of together-being that Sherlock preferred. They were in the same room, but not in each other's spheres. If communication became necessary, it was easily achieved, and he was able to keep an eye on John, just to stay aware. John never noticed; Sherlock was awash in the sea of noticing. Right then he had made note of how painful swallowing was on his tongue and how the hot soup made the wound burn. It was unpleasant. Pain was unpleasant. He had once wanted to experiment with different types of pain, but while physical pain was easy to come by, he hadn't been able to think of anything that would give him convincing mental anguish.
“Yes, John,” he said without turning his gaze from his phone until the text was finished and sent. Then he pulled out a jar of jam from his (back-up) coat's pocket. “Here. Gifts are customary.”
John narrowed his eyes, attempted to look mean (impossible), and went back into the kitchen. “I've never told you that.”
“I know,” Sherlock agreed with a little grin despite John's sarcasm. His life really was charmed. Not everyone ended up on a secret society interest list. He'd been on a few, including some governmentally sanctioned ones. Both MI5 and MI6 had requested he join them as an intelligence asset but he'd declined because he didn't want political interests to dictate his actions.
Molly was pulling out an almost whole rat from the guts of the man. It hadn't been there for long. Sherlock got up to come see, prodding the dead rodent once it had been placed in the basin.
But John. He wouldn't be the same without John. Not any more. He would be worse without John. That thought was full of pain, as far as he was able to tell what was psychological pain. It was unsettling. And it was all John's fault.
“So dramatic,” she sighed. The fire was dimmer in the fireplace and her expression was not as clear. “Poor old Arthur. I believe his guilt got to him in the end.”
“Because I'm male,” Sherlock nodded. He'd known this was coming. Renegotiaton of the terms of their social contract. Was there a trial period in these things?
Lockers. The British Library had lockers in its cloakroom, but they emptied the lockers every day. Excess Baggage ran left luggage services at select train stations and airports, but they used a ticket system, not keys. Sherlock pulled the key ring off the finger carefully, dangling it in the air under the light.
boredom and the inability to do anything about it; a brain full of snakes eating their tails, refusing to let the sufferer fall asleep.) It had turned out they didn't.
“Patches,” he said and stared at John until he sighed and put the paper away to fetch the packet before coming over to stand by Sherlock's chair.
“Induction... heating?” John attempted, yawned prodigiously and leaned his head back, eyes closing (he had asked, why wasn't he interested in the answer).
“You were out for two days,” John repeated.
“Implying I lack all of those things,” Sherlock muttered.
“White slavery,” Sherlock said loudly, startling the girl who'd been sobbing unquietly. “Please enlighten me about your friend's situation.”
“‘A Design to Kill,’” John said, pleased with himself. “Because she was an interior designer, you see, and the wall-paper had an evil design.”
“Inductive thinking! Opposite of the science of deduction,” Sherlock corrected him. “I left to go do my body part experiments at Barts this morning because you were in a vegetative state from last night's outing, and worked on them for several hours until I learned of a new corpse that had just been brought in from a crime scene, untouched, and no cause of dead was immediately evident.”
Sherlock took another step to draw her attention back to himself, then stumbled forward, onto his hands and knees, his leg giving up. He caught his breath and then there was a gunshot. The noise echoed in the empty room, and made the windows rattle, bouncing off the tank with a metallic undertone. Then there was silence, and Miss Price crumpled onto the floor in front of Sherlock. There was a bullet hole in her temple.
“This.” Sherlock pulled the rolled up piece of yellow wall-paper from his pocket and straightened it out on the counter. The woman looked at it and made a face.
, Mr Holmes.”
“I expect the police already spoke to you,” John said politely, sitting up straight on the edge of the armchair. “But is there anything you could tell us about Miss Price?”
Sherlock ignored that. “Are you typing up the case?”
“Fine, what do you want to do then?” John asked in a whisper. Was that a hint of excitement in his voice? What did he expect?
“D-don't sound so happy about it,” John grumbled, though he should have known it was in vain. Sherlock would forever be delighted by dead people. However, this time the presence of a corpse wasn't why he was... relieved.
“Thank you. Can you show us around?” Sherlock remained polite and calm, glad that John trusted him enough to do the same, despite obvious misgivings.
“You sure he's dead?” he asked.
“Yep,” Sherlock replied somewhat absently.
“Let me repeat myself, you're a bag of dicks,” John replied, rustling the paper. It was clear he wasn't reading it but using it as a deflective device. “I got you the name and address of the person who originally rented that locker while you were busy leaving.”
“You're in my bed. Again.” John said then, lying back down. It was true Sherlock had been visiting John's bed an inordinate amount in the last few days.
“But he's not even he-”
“It smells a bit odd. Old books were written on parchment, weren't they? Um, calfskin?”
“I'll ring Lestrade,” John continued, helping Sherlock back to his crutches he'd left in the corridor. “He'll want to tell me off. A dead serial killer doesn't speak or tell where her other victims are.”
The victim's bloodwork had revealed high cortisol levels (indicating stress and possibly fear) as well as trace amounts of hyoscine or scopolamine (indicating the victim had been sedated or possibly medicated against nausea). There was no sign of other intoxicants or drugs or of sexual assault. A few antemortem bruises on her wrists and ankles, already weeks old, meaning she had probably been bound for a while around her kidnapping.
He didn't reply.
that?” John asked then, voice loud and accusing. He was disposed to disagree with all use of human test subjects (less with already dead ones, depending on where in the flat he came across them).
“He was ASLEEP,” Sherlock said with a sneer.
“So's breaking and entering.” John pushed his plate to the side and folded his arms on the table, looking at Sherlock. “Greg won't be here for a while and if I've understood you correctly, you've practically solved the case already. Why not eat a little something? Have that sickening milk and sugar concoction you call coffee.”
Mutual fascination was the key to their relationship. Fascination (from Latin
John trotted down the stairs, adding to the landscape of sensual information. It was not an unpleasant addition. John was in a good mood; it was audible in his step.
“Oh. Then Saturday night.” Sherlock's eyes wandered across the landscape of the sitting room, unable to settle on anything. Days of the week held little meaning to him so he didn't always pay attention to them.
“No need to allocate human emotions to places or features of weather,” Sherlock had walked forward to grab the gate but it was locked the old-fashioned way
“Or we could call Lestrade.”
“I've got gloves on, for God's sake,” Sherlock replied, his moment briefly disturbed. “Have I ever left any prints?”
“But I'm not happy that someone's died.”
“You're ridiculous,” Sherlock muttered under his breath as he headed downstairs to the door.
“Can I offer you some refreshments, Mr Holmes?” she asked. “Coffee? Tea? Water?”
“John,” he said hoarsely, having freed himself of the collapse. He turned his head, watching over his shoulder as the junk slowly moved and fell through the floor, causing the sound of faint splashes below. “John,” he said again, louder. “John!”
“Could you go be bored somewhere else?” John punched his pillow to fluff it up and then lay down, shoulder to shoulder with Sherlock.
“So you want some assurance that I'm committed to this. To you,” Sherlock deduced, concentrating on the issue at hand. This was a more difficult type of deduction. “I am, but I can't predict the future.”
“No,” Sherlock degreed immediately. “She died alone.”
“I'm bored,” Sherlock repeated then, lying down on the quite narrow bed next to John. The night was the worst time because everything went so quiet, except for the sirens and cars in the distance that he always wanted to go chase, just to see if it was something more interesting than a robbery or heart attack.
“Nnh!” Sherlock said, which was for now his version of ‘John.’
Sherlock gave up on waiting and strode up as best he could on the rather uneven stairs, ducking out of the way of spider webs and low-hanging rafters. They seemed to be somewhere in the superstructure of the building. The previous room and whatever was beyond this door had been there for a long time, but the hatch entrance itself hidden behind the stove was new. The renovators would've known otherwise; Mr Gosbeck would have known and then Sherlock would have known.
It sounded a lot like a challenge. Sherlock tested his tongue against the roof of his mouth but the stitches felt like bristles and it hurt so he didn't try to form any letters (though he could do bilabials and labio-dentals). He resorted to pointing at the door and snapping his fingers until John got the hint and got up, giving the room that look (windows, doors, people, lights, sharp objects), and left. Sherlock glared after him, then began speed-typing, sipping desolately, and noted the fluid feedback from his mouth turned the water in the glass faintly pinkish.
He'd seen the Cambridge University crest enough times to have it had burned in his mind. He'd attended Cambridge (Trinity College) for a number of years. Their crates had been hard plastic, reusable. This one was wooden and the crest was faded. An old crate then? Obviously a lot of people now and before would have had access to such crates.
Then an unrelated issue occurred to him. Was it customary to take a gift of some sort when one visited a hospital? Why were there so many rules? Sherlock's favourite question as a child had been 'why', mostly when it came to rules of conduct and social behaviour. Most of it had been (and remained) incomprehensible to Sherlock. He could, if pressed, act like a human, but he still didn't always understand why it was done.
“There is no such thing as an objective observer!” John's voice rose and he bashed the arm of his chair with an open palm to emphasise his words. “You can't be an objective observer of the human nature when you ARE human.”
Sherlock's only reply was to slam the door. He didn't answer Mrs Hudson's greeting (it was after 9pm on a weekday, she was on her soothers, she'd forget she even heard the door in about two minutes) and stormed right upstairs. “John!”
Sherlock took a seat in one of the armchairs and studied Alice Waite a little longer. She had clearly lived a comfortable life but possessed a restless mind in a restless body, very much like Sherlock. It had left her with a thin and pointy figure.
“I know what hunger feels like,” Sherlock retorted. He was NOT amused by John's use of that line (though it most likely was not intentional
would end up in some special suffering.
hungry.” John shook his head. “You eat because you have to, but you're not hungry.” The way he said it made him sound disappointed, as though Sherlock had failed some secret test that defined his humanity. Or, as was more likely, his lack of humanity.
“You don't have to gloat, you know,” John muttered as he got his coat on, not looking at him.
Sherlock looked at him for a bit. “Profanity correlates with honesty. Feldman, 2016.”
The girl reappeared in the doorway, querulously saying that the ambulance was on the way, then gaping at Sherlock who grimaced at her and saw her (to his great satisfaction) go pale and swallow and turn away. He snorted and some of the blood that had gone down his throat came out of his nose.
Sherlock gave John the glare of impending doom, but John was far more interested in his toast and bacon and he had grown quite apt at ignoring Sherlock when he wanted (absolutely maddening). “Did Lestrade ring?”
“Organolithium. Tert-butyllithium, to be exact,” Sherlock replied. “It reacts with moisture to create fire.”
“Stop thinking whatever it is you're thinking,” John advised him from the kitchen. “You've got that look, like you want to set something on fire.”
“Wha-? I didn't say anything,” Lestrade (whose presence Sherlock had, frankly, forgotten) protested.
“Hurts, doesn't it?” John commented, but with only a tinge of smugness and a good deal of concern.
“Oh God.” John was clearly no longer amused and Sherlock took some pleasure in that, smirking at him briefly. John was like that, always held down by the weight of the world and the suffering in it, as though it was either his fault or because he should've been doing something about it but wasn't (he was sometimes exceedingly lazy).
“I got you some soup.”
“It's Tuesday morning,” John replied with a sigh.
John just leaned back raised his eyebrows in an expression of ‘are you fucking kidding me?’
He used his massive intellect to deduce what John would want to hear at this point. A concession he didn't usually make, but John was something outside the norm, as well.
“If you want to be absolutely PEDESTRIAN.” Sherlock crossed his arms and glared at the ceiling instead.
And yes. It had been fun until the obvious truth had come around like a particularly unpleasant family holiday. Sherlock sighed and squared his shoulders, looking across the street and through the façade of human hurry and life. He wanted more. Just more. He could feel the hunger, one he'd attempted to placate with legal and illegal substances, with adrenaline and solving cases. He'd even tried companionship, which had turned out to be rather agreeable (to his surprise).
“John,” Sherlock said relatively softly, stroking his hair. He particularly liked waking John up because sleepy John wasn't cross with him. He remembered the crossness usually around breakfast.
“John, where would a man, who can eat anything and is thus most likely always hungry, go?”
It sent Sherlock into his mind to scour through his cases, coming up with only one answer. “The yellow wall-paper,” he said and felt John push against his arm again. The connection between the killer with the yellow wall-paper and doctor Gibson wasn't obvious to him yet. But ‘us’ meant a group and by the sound of it an organised group (with people in interesting positions if they were able to dig out Sherlock's phone number, unless Mycroft was in on it which was also possible).
Sherlock squeezed John's head between his hands a little. “Just promise me.”
A female voice reacted to the knock by saying: “Enter.”
“It's on the hat shelf, under your gloves and that stupid cap you took from the theatre and insist on wearing. You came in, drunk, you had your keys in your hand, wallet in the other because you'd just paid the cabbie, but since the last thing you did was to open the door it was the keys you were thinking of and not the wallet. Oh. My. God. John. I'm going to die if you keep this up.”
“Murder?” Sherlock's voice went up a little higher than regular intonation at the end of his questioning word. Murder got him worked up.
Sherlock found himself unable to calm down. He passed by the windows of the sitting room over and over again, ambulating across furniture if it happened to be in the way. John remained unaffected and sat in his chair with his laptop, rewriting his notes. He was of the mind that the case was as good as solved with the death of Dr Arthur Gibson but Sherlock had a different opinion.
“Kick it in,” Sherlock instructed John, stepping aside.
“You're bored,” John said as if this was a great revelation. “God, you're really bored, aren't you? There are two women still in danger and you're bored and want to go home and eat sweets all evening. You can't be serious. Sherlock. You need to see this through.”
“Fascinating,” John replied without a trace of irony.
“And you told Mycroft.”
“So it's their motto,” Sherlock murmured as he sat in the cab that was taking them back to Baker Street.
“Cold?” Sherlock crawled forward, pushing things aside to get to the break in the floor without also going through it.
“Not the dark,” John said, voice low. “I couldn't see the dark, but the things I could hear in it...”
“If I had, do you think asking that question would help?” Sherlock fitted his thumb into the little indentation under John's nose, making John frown.
“You could have saved her.”
John shook the gate again, making plaster crumple off the pillars where the hinges were attached. “I wasn't uncomfortable,” he replied after a bit. “I was nervous.”
“How about ‘The Secret of the Yellow Wall-Paper.’“
“I don't know yet,” Sherlock replied, tracing his fingers over the crest. He'd have to look up symbology in heraldry.
John was a very engaging kisser. It felt good in a manner Sherlock was unaccustomed to attributing to touch. Warm and soft and wet.
“Sherlock,” John said. “What'd she do to you?” Consternation was obvious in both his words and body language. The sitting room was still dark but there was a light on in the kitchen and John was back-lit again. Fretful wisps of dust flowed around him and Sherlock was reminded of the vortices of steam around Alice. But there was no rain this time, no thunder, just John quickly licking his lips and faint telly noise from Mrs Hudson's.
“First,” John held up a finger. “How did the killer manage to wall-paper the whole place and then get out? Second, if you're on a case, why did you just eat?”
“Interesting. Elaborate.” Sherlock shifted a bit, physically indicating his interest in case John opened his eyes. He could read the minutiae of other people's body language, but he often forgot he also needed to emote physically. Mimicking body positions and gestures was a sign of openness and of being in sync (though it was usually done unconsciously). He was getting better at it though, possibly because he was often (enough) genuinely interested in John.
“I saw a lot of inexplicable things in Afghanistan,” John replied, following him. “Out of which the man was only one. The cruelty of war is far more-”
“You're welcome,” John replied, opening his eyes a fraction and smiling up at Sherlock. Then he planted his hand on Sherlock's chest and gave him a little push. “Now fuck off.”
“If there was one, would I reveal it's location?” Mycroft sounded vaguely amused. “There's something you could do for me.”
He cleared the desk by pushing all non-breakables off onto the floor and getting a clean sheet from John's closet to spread on it before put the books down. Then he got his surgical lamp and magnifier and some cotton gloves and started studying them.
“Good morning,” John said.
“Some people could do with a virtue, too,” John muttered.
Sherlock dropped his phone on the coffee table and accepted the bowl of soup from John. He liked bacon.
The lift came to a halt and the doors opened with another muted ding. John pointed the gun out, scanning the floor. It was empty of furniture, but walls and doors were still in. There was only limited sight from the lift so John moved out quietly, checking corners. Sherlock used one of his crutches to stop the lift doors from closing, waiting for John's okay.
“Ascariasis if dog feces has gotten into the water,” he heard John say, though very faintly. The hoard walls were very good sound barriers. After that Sherlock heard nothing from John, just the shifting, sliding, skittering, scratching, scraping of the barriers enclosing him.
“Yes, yes, waiting for Lestrade who didn't show up.” Which could be because Sherlock had texted him to look into the locked-room business. Oh well.
It was a better kiss; John tilted his head back and dug his fingers into Sherlock's thigh. There were small noises, breath, John's stubble, sensations beyond the five senses (once again proving Sherlock's stance on the existence of more than those five over-exposed ones), and most importantly, there was the kiss.
How imprecise! Not ‘does your mouth hurt?’ (which it did) or ‘is it your foot?’ (which it was), just ‘are you in pain?’ Did the question include mental pain? What could possibly be the answer to a question like that?
“What? No-”
“A freak sees another freak on the telly. The freak thinks, well, if he can do it, I can do it. The freak proceeds to challenge the other freak by playing murder games.” Donovan gestured at the corpse. “Haven't you noticed that this type of thing has gotten much more common around here after this one got famous?” Her following gesture was at Sherlock, although she looked at Lestrade.
“Don't use up your battery, we might need it later,” Sherlock instructed and started moving forward. It seemed whoever (possibly V. Ljuga) lived here was a compulsive hoarder. Impressive, really. The place was big (as annoyingly inaccurate as an adjective like 'big' could be).
Somehow it seemed like the thunder was coming from her.
“What was that?” Lestrade looked after John, then turned to Sherlock.
“I fail to see the relevance,” Sherlock informed him immediately, sitting up as well.
“That was in the hand?” he asked (unnecessarily, because it was obvious). Sherlock didn't reply, but looked the object over again. It was so familiar. He waved his hand at John, making a “bzzz“ sound to make him go away. He needed to go back into his mind palace. Minute details like key shapes associated with certain padlocks or lockers or doors were not easy to recall. Even though in theory the mind retained everything seen and read, it didn't do so consciously, so Sherlock's mind castle limited to things he had paid attention to and committed to memory. There were a lot of those things, but it wasn't everything.
Sherlock detested people who had more money than sense, but in all fairness he also detested people who had more sense than money. He was an equal-opportunity detester of people.
“Yeah, of course,” John replied. “Got it in my mouth, eyes, nose... Probably going to get swimmer's ear.” His voice was quite a lot fainter as Sherlock turned around the corner to the left, only to see another similar passageway leading into darkness.
“Rii-ight.” John rolled his eyes. “Why don't you get some secret service lackey to do that thing you wanted us to do? Yeah, bye.” John handed the phone back to Sherlock. “Happy now?”
The room behind the door was opulent but not cluttered. An elderly woman sat in a wheelchair by a large window but facing the door. Her grey hair was in a loose braid and she had an alert expression. She wore a sharp white button-up with a tall collar with a pair of black slacks on her unmoving legs. She was also gaunt and her lower body was clearly withered. Her expression was the same as Arthur Gibson's had been that morning when Sherlock had met him. She smiled—but it was a studied expression.
“You're officially under house arrest until this case is solved, okay? Go in and stay in,” Lestrade sighed.
“Why would you
“Oh, Edward,” Alice said with a hint of exasperated amusement. The polyphagic man had been more of a toy to her than a pet or a project. “He was so enthusiastic about joining us but had nothing to offer except his body.”
“The use of my body,” Sherlock clarified. “The way she used Arthur Gibson.” And others probably. Many others. She had said
“Donovan was right,” Lestrade said, stepping in front of Sherlock to stop him. “Not about you being a murderer or anything, but the weird stuff. The weird stuff revolves around you. John told me a bit about this book thing and how it got started and you're actually making the world around yourself weirder. More dangerous. No one else I know does that.”
“You are. And it can be seen from space,” John pointed out, following.
There was a building slated for renovations beginning in a month's time in January, closed off for the time being, destined to become offices. A Jane Wentworth was listed as the interior designer linked to the project. Sherlock knew she would come up missing, he knew this was the place. He needed to get there, and he needed John there. He attempted to make eye-contact with John over the top of the list and when that didn't work he dropped the papers and pointedly picked up his bowl of soup. Just how thick was John being, and just how obvious was Sherlock going to have to be?
“Mm, right. Um. Do you play any other instruments than the violin?”
Out of the two he preferred arsonists. Pyromaniacs had a psychological problem which made them predictable. Arsonists were at the heart of human nature; they were about gain. The distinction was very important, but not everyone knew to make it. Perhaps stupidity was a dominant feature in the human gene pool, and intelligence a recessive one. The thought made him shiver. Clever people would be out-bred by the idiots. Eugenics would solve so many problems.
“How clever to preserve their objectivity,” Sherlock said and rolled his eyes. John only nudged him in the ribs with his elbow (strangely sharp for a man with such a lack of angles and points).
“You're wrong,” Sherlock declared, gaining on victory. Being right was the most important part of any conversation. “They are exactly the type of p-” He was startled by a touch to his arm.
“Shut. Up,” John growled. “And sleep. Dickface.”
Three weeks. Three painful weeks. No cases, limited movement, limited vocabulary (no apical consonants), boredom upon tedium, insult to injury,
“About the corpse,” Sherlock grumbled. What did John mean 'why?'
“No, thank you.” Sherlock watched her circle her desk and sit down in her chair.
John sighed a bit and rubbed the bridge of his nose. “You got into a strange car with a strange man so I followed you.”
“John!” Sherlock interrupted him, leaning forward in his chair and scowling at him. “I didn't say it was possible, I said it was what she
Sherlock steepled his fingers on his chest. “Tell me about the single most interesting event you witnessed or were part of in Afghanistan.”
John had an eye for things like that, but Sherlock moved away from him and across the floor to the computer desk and gave the mouse a tap to wake up the monitors. Both of them revealed a split view once visible. The left-hand side monitor showed two still pictures of the flats where the bodies had been found; the right-hand side monitor showed nearly the same, but the feeds were live.
The client nodded. She hadn't thought it was her husband's spirit but rather something malicious tormenting her. Sherlock had assessed her as a person easily brought to nervous fits by anything or anyone.
“Lestrade's just as much a man and a human being as anyone else and a product of this society. Thus he follows certain cultural and social guidelines and patterns discernible to the eye of someone who knows where to look,” Sherlock kept talking as he went down the corridor. John hadn't probably known about Molly and Lestrade and was currently and undoubtedly asking questions about it from her as someone interested in their fellow man would. Sherlock ignored whatever noise they were making behind him because it was unnecessary and uninteresting and strode into the mortuary proper.
Then he felt a hand on his hair. “Sherlock,” John said. His voice was very soft. “You awake?”
Doctor Gibson looked at Sherlock over John's shoulder as if to ask why he'd brought someone like John to a meeting of minds. “Yes. Yes… thank you,” the doctor said as John let him go slowly, slipping away and smoothing his cardigan. “I'm sure I don't have to explain the principles of time travel to you.” He was speaking to Sherlock again. He wasn't particularly shaken by John's burst of violence.
“Are you nauseous?” Sherlock asked upon seeing that look, partly because she had annoyed him. “Pregnant perhaps?” A direct hit on her faltering relationship with Lestrade.
He spotted the corpse Molly had called him in for immediately. It was hard to miss a dead man with skin covered in tattoos and a severed (extra) hand poking out from the opened ribcage area of it. Molly had stopped in the middle of her autopsy to text him. John also approached the autopsy table, frowning.
John began to say something, Sherlock could hear how he inhaled in the strange soundscape of the brimming house, between the creaks and shifts, and then there was a crack, but not a sharp crack, a damp one. Rotten wood giving up under (years and years) of weight, newly agitated by the added pressure of two people walking over it. Sherlock's personal time dilated. He heard John's gasp and how the walls began to collapse. The rubble cascaded over him, forcing him forward and onto his stomach on the floor while behind him John obviously struggled, starting to say something, but then forced into a breathless yelp instead and then (seemingly ages later) several things hitting water, one of them undoubtedly John Watson.
“Money, usually. More rarely their intellect. But money is fine too. It gets a lot done.” She moved her wheelchair slightly which made shadows careen off of her and into the walls. “Fiona Price had family connections and ambition, Arthur Gibson had his career and experience, Viktor Ljuga had deft hands and a need to please.”
“Oh?” John's eyebrows shot up, but then he shrugged and rolled his head in a gesture of unconcern. “Yeah. I'll tell you later.”
Ah, a crisis of self-worth. Or a tantrum.
Sherlock blinked in assent, watching John set up the IV, then push the milk-like propofol into the drip. He touched Sherlock's hair when his eyes started to close with the drug euphoria, smoothed away a few strands.
With that John slipped his hand around Sherlock and onto the small of his back and guided him back towards the bathroom where the water still ran. Afterwards Sherlock was quite certain John didn't undress him or help him bathe but somehow those things still happened. John also procured a meal for him but Sherlock had no idea what it was even while eating it he couldn't have told what the ingredients were. And John was patient. Worried—but patient.
John, unperturbed like only a man with half a brain could be, got up and checked, making a pleased little “ah!” (he vocalised far too much) when he found that Sherlock had been right (as if he could have been wrong).
It was actually a bit impressive that John had been able to do that but he'd obviously learned from the best. “Yes, I deduced that,” Sherlock said with all the sarcasm he could muster. He didn't feel like being nice right now.
Sherlock rubbed his arms and noticed for the first time the remains of adhesive and needle marks on the back of his hand. IV drip at the hospital. He went for his violin and grabbed it with somewhat shaky hands. He lifted it to his shoulder and started playing but he could only draw out one note which he kept sawing at, fingers numb and brain non-compliant.
“Of course you do,” John sighed.
But with thoughts of what had happened came also the sensations and momentarily, while he was blinking his eyes open, blurry with light and steam, he felt as though he was somewhere else. He was sitting down, looking at a cup of dark tea with his fragile and withered right hand by it on the table, wearing a signet ring.
“I can live with that.” Sherlock jumped up and headed for his coat. Finally they could get to the bottom of the actually interesting mystery in front of them. “Grab your indignation and let's go visit the selfstore.”
“You've drugged me,” Sherlock said.
“What did you hear in the house?” he asked then. He'd been curious, but it hadn't been the time to ask about it earlier. He shifted so he could look at John without turning his head much. John's hands curled into fists when he asked that. Interesting.
“You expect too much of me,” he said, but then continued immediately: “Do you still want to sleep?” He wouldn't apologise. He'd done nothing wrong, but he could offer this conciliatory gesture. He got up and headed towards the bathroom. A bath and then some sleep would serve his abilities well. Operating under sleep deprivation was the same as operating drunk and John had flushed his cocaine so he couldn't rely on that for clarity. Maybe John would join him. In bed. The tub was too small for two people.
“You did that to prove a point.”
“Why don't we take this to my office. This way, please.” She gestured toward the back of the shop.
“She wasn't murdered,” Sherlock whispered. He'd have loved to watch John's face as he worked this out first thing in the morning, but he was interrupted by his mobile ringing. Upon picking it up he was faced with a
He was on the sofa with the Union Jack -pillow (it smelled like coffee, John had probably spilt some on it) pressed over his face when John made his appearance.
“Next time I'll be ready,” he muttered.
Sherlock closed his eyes, chilled by the memory. He must have shivered because John moved his hand across his shoulders and sat closer. It was a little awkward but Sherlock could appreciate the gesture. “Keep going.”
Sherlock grabbed a latex glove and went ahead to peer into the body cavity. “When did this one come in?”
“Don't mirror your insecurities on me,” Sherlock huffed, arms stretched above his head.
“Go to bed now,” John said after a while.
“The hand,” John said. “He seems to have... chewed on it a bit so I think that probably means he, er, he was trying to eat it.”
Sherlock could follow John's trail of thought even without looking at him. He didn't want to answer, but he hoped Sherlock would go away faster if he did. He considered lying, but realised Sherlock would know immediately. So he gave up. There was a (familiar) sigh of defeat.
“He rang
“Incorrect. I was caught coming out of a house of... interest,” Sherlock mimicked Mycroft's tone of voice and choice of words out of spite.
It was a damp morning. Overcast. It had rained. The ground was now a soggy mess from all the people churning it with their feet. The top of Sherlock's coat was damp as well. The crate was damp—from the outside. It hadn't been there long because the wet hadn't gone through the porous wood of the crate yet. It was in the middle of a path. Had it been intended to be dragged further along into the copse of woods? A single person had brought it, someone who'd overestimated their strength and abandoned the crate and its sad occupant when it became obvious it was stuck in the mulch.
“I gave it to Mycroft,” John said. “Also everything we got from the house and whatever Gibson gave you. It's all gone, it's done.”
“Were you submerged when you fell in?” Sherlock got up, looking around, moving forward to the intersection.
He arrived in front of the door bearing the Roman numeral for two. Silver on black. The door was unlocked. She had known he would come. Ah. Another challenge, then. He pushed the door open open with the cane and waited until it had swung completely wide before stepping in. Hardwood floors, stained dark, a tan rug in the hall. White walls, photos in simple frames, furniture from IKEA. The front room was almost bare except for a large computer desk with two monitors on it. The stand-by lights were blinking.
“Wait here,” John instructed him once he had bandaged Sherlock's swollen foot against his better judgement (visible in his expression). He then quickly fetched his old cane and offered it to Sherlock.
“The water ripples,” Sherlock said. “Could you hear the water hitting something solid somewhere, like a wall?”
That part Sherlock ignored. John paid more attention to women than he did. Sherlock paid equally little attention across all sexes and genders. He was fascinated by the box the corpse was in. People tended to be reluctant to approach or open random boxes in the landscape so he deduced the box had been left open and it was placed quite near a clear path. So it had been left there to be found. Or, as Sherlock surveyed the immediate area, noting the unevenness of the path and the clear marks of struggle in moving the box, it had been left there because whoever had brought it hadn't been able to move it farther along.
“What do you think?” The doctor had taken them into the smaller room. “This is where I monitor the process.”
Sherlock was only slightly miffed. He was clever enough to admit that it was perhaps a better idea for someone (smaller) with no injuries to be the first in, along with light and a firearm.
“If you set me on fire I will kill you,” he hissed, not wanting to raise his voice because of the oppressive atmosphere.
“What? Why?” John gasped as he managed to pop through the narrow opening. “That's not good.”
“Sherlock, stop that. No need to be rude.” John frowned at him, but got up from the sofa and Lestrade followed, buttoning up his jacket.
This new room wasn't as full as where they'd entered the house. It was on the same floor, the north-east side. It was dark with no sign of natural light, just full shelves and a few desks with equipment hidden under protective hoods. At least one microscope. Jars and brushes and piles of books. Sherlock forgot about being cold and wet and not knowing how to get out as he surged forward, looking around in the faint light of his mobile. There was glycerine-based hand-sanitiser by the covered microscope. He grabbed it. Someone had used this as a laboratory and a workroom. Sherlock's guess? The book forger, Mr Ljuga.
