“He’s off the grid. I haven’t been able to locate him for the past two weeks! John’s surgery is tomorrow morning. I have eight hours. Mycroft can you—”
John huffed and turned back to face him. “You know there has! Lestrade called today, and I know he’s called before. Just take a case, I can take care of myself.”
Sherlock moved towards the caved in part of the boat. Water was rising quickly around them, drenching John’s shoulders. He was holding himself upward by his elbows, and knew he wouldn’t be able to hold his chin above the water for very long. Sherlock shifted some of the bits of flooring off John’s legs. His left leg loosened, and easily it was free. But there was nowhere to move it too. On both sides were heavy pieces of the ceiling caved in and overlapping another. John tried to move his right foot, and only managed to flinch it. However, he could feel a little more room near his ankle.
There's probably going to be 6-10 total chapters, short ones. I decided to add Chapter 3 now to keep you all on your toes :)
“Enough with that,” John interrupted. “Something is bothering you. You can barely look at me—hell, even touch me. What is it?”
“Oh my god,” John gasped. He raised his hands to his head and clutched at his hair, and squeezed his eyes for moment and muttered, scolding himself.
Two men in suits exited, towing Regina with them in cuffs. Sherlock blocked their way and he quirked an eyebrow for an explanation.
John was crying again. Sherlock swallowed tightly, resisting himself from opening his eyes and confronting John, but he predicted that wouldn’t go well. John would wipe his tears and pretend everything was fine; it probably wasn’t the best way to comfort him.
“Mycroft took care of him. He was just in it for the money. Moran’s accomplice escaped but he didn’t get far. It’s all over now.” Sherlock said with clear relief in his voice.
John hurried down them, carrying Sherlock close to his chest. He stumbled as he reached the bottom; the flames tingled his skin, covering his jumper with soot. His chest was suddenly hurting but he took shallow breaths as he headed to the back door.
John cleared his throat hastily and wiped his face. “Just about to take a shower,” he called back, his voice sounding stable to him.
He limped out, practically dragging his blogger beside him. Realizing the slow pace, Sherlock paused and lifted John off his feet and into a cradle. With a stable hold, Sherlock hurried out the room, water splashing around his steps.
John hurried past Molly and ran up the several flights of stairs. His phone rang, but he ignored it, hoping it would ring again until he got up there.
John stumbled to Sherlock’s room, and opened the door, but found it locked. Taking that as a good sigh, and banged against it, trying to dislodge it. There was a noise behind him, and he spun around and ducked just as a fist came flying at his face. The man grunted as he punched the door, and rounded to John. John raised his gun at the intruder and fired once.
Kingston shrugged. “Some people said it was part of the story. I didn’t know what he was taking about, and the less you asked the better. He was a strange man, even though I only met him once.”
“John—.” Sherlock let out a throaty gasp, and he fluttered his eyes closed. John continued stroking him, murmuring incoherent words however Sherlock could sense the praising tone beneath his voice.
The detective swallowed and nuzzled into the crook of John’s neck, wrapping his arms around John’s waist and further tightening the embrace. He couldn’t stop shaking. “You were—you were dead. But then…Moran—he—he—.” Sherlock chocked and swallowed down a sob.
Lee sighed but began speaking into his radio; Sherlock looked at his brother, his eyebrows drawn in confusion.
Victor seemed to ponder for a moment, and then smiled. “For being patient with him. For never leaving him. And, for forgiving him. I know some things he’s done, and that is what I admire about you, John. That after all this time, you still want him.”
John nodded his gratitude but furrowed his brows. He looked at Sherlock, and parted his mouth, but he quickly realized he couldn’t remember the word. He hummed with annoyance and furrowed his eyebrows tighter. Sherlock looked at him sympathetically, but didn’t say anything right way, giving John time to prepare his thoughts and actions, and therefore not making the situation anymore embarrassing than it was for John.
John flinched awake and slowly opened his eyes. His room was lit grey by the gloomy skies outside, and it was empty. He was sitting halfway between upright and flat on his back, and his abdomen tingled but there wasn’t any pain. He glanced down to see an IV in his elbow—a blood transfusion—and an IV on top of his hand—morphine.
Sherlock turned around; when he saw John his face paled. John’s hand was placed over his neck, covered in blood. The army doctor met Sherlock’s eyes, widening with shock. Abruptly, John’s knees buckled but Sherlock caught him just before he hit the ground.
The video appeared on screen, and Sherlock clenched his fist on his knee as he saw John being handcuffed to the chair harshly.
John sat down in front of the desk and looked at the doctor. “No, that case is just about finished. That’s not why I’m here…”
At the flat, Sherlock draped his coat on the hanger and immediately went to the kitchen. John heard the kettle switch on and then the ruckus of Sherlock looking for a mug.
Sherlock was stretched out on the couch, fingers pressed under his chin, his mind going over and over that…compliment. He was baffled, not over the fact that his abilities were
“I’m can’t do it, John,” Sherlock said, raising his voice slightly. John stopped midsentence and stared at the man. Sherlock looked at the ground and clenched his jaw.
Sherlock scoffed with disbelief. “I know how. From the paracetamol he was selling. Whatever is in it was in some others, and he distributed to Ellis’s through their prescriptions.”
He heard Sherlock sigh, and then started putting the bath supplies away. John swallowed against the sudden lump in his throat, his skin feeling itchy and his face too, the thick stubble getting on his nerves.
“Mhm…ff-eye—n,” John managed after thinking of the correct word. After a moment, Sherlock quickly but thoroughly cleaned the area before placing a blanket over him.
John smiled and prepared to take a step, but then he paused when he caught a glimpse of Sherlock’s face.
A rough cough finally escaped his lover’s throat, and his body convulsed; he hurled to his side and coughed up a lungful of water. Sherlock patted his back soothingly as he let out a breath as pure relief flooded his mind.
Sherlock exhaled slowly, and then he turned his head, and met John’s eyes with a neutral expression.
“Surprised?” Shepherd’s voice rang sharp through the night air. He unhooked his gun from his belt and aimed it at Sherlock but didn’t pull the trigger right away. He kept his finger on it, as if he was definitely prepared to pull it, but Sherlock saw right through that. He wanted to share his part of it—it was obvious in the look in his eyes. He was practically begging for recognition.
John moaned underneath him, and wrapped his left leg around Sherlock’s lower back, pulling him closer. Sherlock trailed his hand down his thigh and held it in place, and then he shifted and reached for John’s other leg to put over his back. He trailed his hand down John’s right leg
Sherlock chuckled. John laid his head on Sherlock’s shoulder, smiling. Sherlock held him closer, and the both of them fell into a light doze as it started to snow outside their window.
“What happened to being in this together? Weren’t you listening to me this morning when I was getting patched up? I said—.”
“I think I’m going to pass out. You need to leave, now. Find Moran. Mycroft will be here soon. You need to go. I’ll be right behind—.”
“You should go get some rest. Mrs. Hudson will make us supper tonight though she insisted it was just a one time thing.” Sherlock’s mouth twitched in amusement as he sat in his armchair in front of John.
The scream halted abruptly; John had awoken himself up. Sherlock thought it sounded like a name, but couldn’t be sure. He was sure that it was about the pool. Being strapped to a bomb would have affected anyone, but John had PTSD, and so he was much more vulnerable. Sherlock knew not to mention his occasional night terrors, but this one struck him oddly. He felt he should offer some kind of condolence, since he had been at the pool as well. Maybe the dream involved him.
“Good,” Sherlock sighed. “Excellent. So now…” He looked at his brother, who gave him a quick nod before resuming his work. Sherlock looked at the bulletin board, searching for something that would make all of this go faster. The door opened, and he glanced at it to see Mary leaving, and then he looked back to the board.
Sherlock inhaled deeply and furrowed his eyebrows in concentration. He took two steps forward, paused, and then two more. He inhaled sharply as he nearly collapsed into the chair. He tensely shuffled around as he rearranged himself to sit down. His eyes flickered with frustration and, likely because of that, he shoved John away the second he was seated. John, startled, stumbled backwards.
Sherlock spun the table to the other side, and removed the blanket. He placed one over John’s the hospital gown that was over his hips, and then started to wet and wash his right leg. As Sherlock patted him dry, he looked up; John briefly met his gaze before looking away.
John let out a sigh and turned on the television. He listened to it for the rest of the morning, and then he finally noticed Sherlock sitting in front of him, in his own chair, staring at him.
Without another word, John walked out of the room, trudged down the stairs with a hurry to his pace.
Sherlock finished without another flinch, and cleaned John’s face thoroughly and applied the lotion afterwards. He put the supplies away, and then started to shuffle his feet again, unsure what to do.
John giggled beside him. “It’s sound like you’re just happy. An orgasm will do that to you, in case you haven’t noticed.”
Sherlock gasped and looked up at John. “You-you—.” He choked and blinked tightly, banishing any tears that dared to fall. John spoke before he could try again.
Sherlock remained still for several seconds, and John prepared to go, when Sherlock turned abruptly and stood in front of him, avoiding his gaze. John kept his chin up and looked at him, unsure what he was going to do.
Without speaking, Sherlock rushed forward and kneeled by John’s bedside. John was pale and covered with sweat and…tears. His eyes were tightly shut and his chest heaving, drawing in shallow breaths.
“Most probable. The force on the victim’s head was very strong, killing him with one blow.” Sherlock looked at the other photos. “The hit came from a height and struck in a downward motion, and since the victim is just about six feet, that angle and trajectory of the blow suggest the murderer is taller than the victim, statistically more likely a man. Did you find the murder weapon?”
Sherlock kept his head on the bed and closed his eyes. Only a few seconds ticked by before he peered his eyes open and looked at John.
“Only Mycroft knows who you are. He’s willing to let you live as you were.” Sherlock informed her impassively. “Don’t contact John and no one else has to get hurt.”
John gasped and continued to squirm upwards. He shifted his left arm to push Sherlock away, but grimaced in pain and cried out. Sherlock stilled and looked at John’s arm. The bandage over his wound had come apart, and the wound was slightly bleeding.
“I, I don’t want you to stay in here any longer than you need to,” John said carefully. “I’m sure you’d want to be at home the sooner the better.”
Willoughby gave him a sympathetic look. “I’m sorry. You could just be looking too much into it. It could be him aging?”
“Sherlock, it’s under control. No one was serious hurt, but a few had to be taken to the hospital. The left side interrogation rooms received the most of it.”
John stopped speaking when he caught sight of Sherlock. He stepped forward and gave his good shoulder a gentle squeeze. “The bruising will go away soon.”
Sherlock hesitated in the doorway and stepped closer John. “221B Baker Street.” In a swift motion of his coat, he twirled around and left the room.
“You bleed out. Your heart stops, and I drown in your blood. Sometimes, you’re still alive but…you’re taunting me…” Sherlock inhaled sharply and tightened his arm around John.
Hope swelled in his chest, causing more pain but John ignored it this time. The warmth came back, and this time, it lingered on his lips.
The heart line flattened into a continuous beep, and Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, tears leaking out. He whimpered softly and pressed his lips against John’s, kissing them lightly for the first time.
“Just a few minutes,” Sherlock replied with a very slight put out tone. “But it turns out that Canterbury filled out the prescriptions from Ellis’ doctor.”
Sherlock and John lied on the bed, the detective’s arm underneath John’s back, almost cradling his shoulder blades and neck. His other hand trailed down to the blogger’s hip and gripped it gently. He settled himself between John’s legs, which because of his shorter stature, were wrapped around Sherlock’s shins.
Inside, John walked in but came to a hesitated pause as he eyed the stairs. Sherlock stopped behind him, and John could sense he was about to lift his hand up to hold him from the back, so he quickly lifted his crutches and placed them on the step.
Sherlock swallowed tightly, and didn’t let go of John’s hand. “I thought…” he trailed off, and shook his head.
John’s lips twitched with a small grin, then quickly developed into a smile. He stepped closer until he was close enough to the detective he could feel his breath against the tip of his nose.
During the night, John successfully woke Sherlock up at the correct intervals, and finally after midnight, he settled beside Sherlock, and the two fell asleep in a bundle of limbs and tired kisses, the night slipping away into sleep.
“We haven’t been fucking, Mary,” John responded quickly. Sherlock was stuck in place, his eyes fixed on this woman who decided to just waltz into their flat and take John away from him—
John nudged him over to an empty stretcher along the wall. Sherlock scoffed but sat on the edge. “I was going to practice my sutures on…” John looked around and spotted a banana lying in the liver fluid. “On my lunch,” he said defeated.
John gently pushed Sherlock off and looked at his face. His eyes were clear, and he looked, well, he looked like his usual self. Sherlock’s eyebrows slowly furrowed, and John felt something pinch his arm.
Sherlock thought through the most possible scenarios and settled on three—no, two—most likely. “You walked in with her and David in bed together.”
Just then, Mycroft stepped into the room, his umbrella tapping the floor as he walked towards Sherlock.
That evening, John walked to his side of the bed, setting the crutches against the bedside table. Sherlock wasn’t home yet, and John hoped he would be soon; he really wanted to hear about the case, but he was exhausted from his appointments.
Moran looked at him. “Yes, I am. This is my daughter, and assistant, Kim. I came from Washington, to aid in your investigation, since there are American citizens involved.”
Willoughby raised his eyebrows. “There is, although it’s not recommended. If you have it, there isn’t anything you could do, and there are concerns with how the person will react to it, psychologically speaking.”
Whether Sherlock noticed the sudden stop in John’s pace or not, he didn’t pay attention as his shaking knees took over and he collapsed to the floor. He wrapped his arms around his legs, pulling himself into a ball as he began sniveling to an empty flat.
“Sherlock?” John peeked his eyes open again and the pain throbbed sharply. Groaning, or at least trying to, John peered at the figure in front of him. It was fading, almost transparent now among the white. Before it could utter a word, it was gone.
John lied down slowly as Sherlock left. His cheeks burned with embarrassment, but he felt too cold and tried to curl up in the sweaty sheets. His arm radiated in pain; he tossed onto his side only for the pain to flare up. Cursing, John sat up and attempted to rearrange the pillows in a more comfortable position. His vision blurred; he paused. Quickly, his mouth began to salivate and he scurried out of the twisted sheets and stormed through the bathroom door, hurling himself into the counter and retching into the sink.
John turned his head to look at his friend—lover—and spoke reassuringly. “Sherlock, whatever is wrong, whether the tumor is back or it’s something more, we’ll get through it together, alright?”
“Shut up, Sherlock,” John said firmly. He looked up at the detective to meet his gaze. “I’ll be fine.”
Sherlock tightened his jaw, and just as John looked back at Victor, Victor nodded, looking understanding.
Sherlock seemed to tense beside him, and when he spoke, his voice was louder and sounded…more like him. John was relived, but the relief was short lived.
“Well, George wrote his suspicions down, and there’s Canterbury’s missing benzos that don’t add up with how much he was selling, so it’s logical to assume he put them in the paracetamol, which was distributed to the Ellis’.”
John paused and looked at Sherlock’s face, still and lax, with growing scruff along his jaw and chin.
“You were busy snogging me and then getting shot,” Sherlock pointed out lightly. John giggled and reached for Sherlock’s arm, only to stop halfway realizing he had taken his off earlier as well. He looked at the medic, who looked at her own watch.
He looked up to see Sherlock looking at his hand. He gently started rubbing it—massaging the hand and palm, and then moving up his wrist and arm in circular motions. The trembles lessened, and John slowly started to relax.
John bristled. “No, it’s not.” He shifted on the bed until he was facing Sherlock and reached for his hand. Sherlock let him take it, but John could tell he wanted to pull away. “Tell me, what is it—.”
“No. You’re not. Stay.” Sherlock looked at him, hoping he didn’t have to beg for long. John however, was being arrogant.
“…I’ve always had an affinity to bees. Have I ever told you that? Probably, but you just hadn’t been listening. I’m still here, by the way, if you want to contribute to this fascinating conversation. You could be stuck in here for days, but at least I’m here for you. Unlike the real Sherlock. He wasn’t. He’s never there for you. He leaves you by your bedside on countless occasions, literally even, and then expects you to stay by his. I’m
“I’ll come by later, John,” Sherlock said assuringly. John didn’t respond, and squeezed his eyes closed as they started to sting. He heard Sherlock walk away, and then the door closed behind him.
Sherlock managed to eat one of the slices, and drink half of his juice before wheeling himself away from the table and into the sitting room. There were plenty of books and even a television, but with only a video player.
“Um, Sherlock…” John broke the comfortable silence. “Shouldn’t we, I don’t know, get off of this sinking ship?” The water was low at their ankles, rising fortunately at a slow rate.
Sherlock came back with a bowl of water and a washcloth. He set it aside, and then retrieved another bowl, a couple of towels, soap, and fresh clothes. He set the supplies on the table, and then looked at John, his face hesitant.
Before Sherlock could respond, John pushed Sherlock gently away. He leaned in, and pressed their lips together, full of affection and beyond the chastity they had been doing before. Sherlock kissed back full on, pressing forwards so their bodies where touching. He trailed his hand to John’s lower back as the other man rested one hand on his waist and the other cupping the detective’s jaw.
“They’ve been dead for at least ten hours. There’s vomit, sweat—the woman became hyperthermic, her body tried to sweat it out, and the man had a seizure, going by the way his body is turned crookedly, meaning he died shortly after. The room’s a mess, but not from the intruder. The footprints stop by the coffee table, nowhere near the mess. At least one of the victims had panicked, a known symptom of an overdose. They may have hallucinated too; it’s hard to say. But the powder isn’t cocaine.”
John nodded in understanding. Vanessa pulled the gown out of the way, and quickly scanned the scar underneath the bandage. John looked away, feeling disgusted about another scar on his body.
He took a step forward while leaning heavily on the crutch. “I know,” John muttered. “I don’t want to be like this…I want a lot back…” he paused. “I’ve lost—everything.
John woke up sluggishly to see it was morning, and Sherlock was sleeping with his head on their interlocked hands. He grinned to himself and reached for the button to adjust the bed.
“Your blood pressure dropped, and we are trying to figure out why,” Vanessa explained softly. “Sherlock said that you were moaning in your sleep, and clutching your abdomen. Can I take a look?”
Very, very short chapter. This fic is finally coming along but I didn't want you all to wait any longer. Enjoy :)
Sherlock scooted up until he could easily rest on the table. John leaned closer until his chest was pressed up against Sherlock’s, their cocks back in place. John reached down and stroked Sherlock’s cock a couple times; earning him light moans from the man beneath him.
John leaned up a bit before he could change his mind, and then raised his right hand and cupped Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock startled, and looked at him, his brows slightly furrowing.
Mycroft tugged on Sherlock’s arm, firm yet gentle. He didn’t budge. Mycroft tugged again, harder, and Sherlock finally, however clumsily, moved with his brother and out of the doors of the trauma room. He moved like he was asleep; things moved fast around him and became a blur quickly.
Sherlock slightly relaxed his shoulders, and remained quiet. John continued to breathe deeply as tears still leaked out of his eyes. He kept wiping them away, and clenched the bed sheets as if willing them to stop.
“I see…” he said in a lower voice. “At least, I’m starting too. But I’m not going anywhere, Sherlock. You need to know what you want before you make decisions based off what others want. I’m going back inside.”
Just then Sherlock appeared in the doorway (after being nagged by Mrs. Hudson to take better care of John this time). John overhead a bit of their conversation and thought it was flattering that Sherlock didn’t complain at all—in fact it sounded as if he was looking forward to it. Not that John needed help but perhaps that he was looking forward to being closer to John. John didn’t know the real reason for Sherlock’s sudden act of care, but found it flattering nonetheless. Still, it didn’t ease down his frustration. A bit. But not much.
John finished a little more than an hour later, and posted it. Now exhausted, he put the laptop on the bedside table and scooted down until he was resting on the pillow and the covers. He didn’t protest when his eyes began to droop for a nap. John fell asleep without another sound from the living room.
Sherlock seemed to ponder this for several seconds, and John was just about to go to his book, when Sherlock closed the book with a thud and held it in his lap. His eyes flickered from John to the flat, and then to the book, to the shelves, and then to his own body. He glanced at his legs, and then at his arms, then lingered at his hands.
“John was no where near Jack. So the mask theory makes perfect sense. In fact, it’s a practice one. Stan fools Jack, gets him on board, but Jack’s only it for one thing: to clear his own name. He was involved in Kandahar, their first target for reasons unknown—probably tedious—but O’Brian gets caught in the crosshairs. He breaks from them, arrives home to find he’s wanted so he vanishes, and starts to collect his own evidence. Then it’s November, and things are going as planned. John is spotted easily with Stan, and then reaches the interest of MI6. CTU gets involved, as it was their plan from the start to get him in for themselves—or at least, Moran’s plan. Now I said this earlier with Kim and my brother, but we decided to keep it to ourselves, see how it plans out—now Mary, how was India?”
Before Sherlock could answer, Mycroft slipped into the room and stood behind the detective. “Doctor…” He raised an eyebrow expectantly.
IMPORTANT: I edited chapter 7, the conversation between Mycroft and Sherlock because I realized Shepherd's involvement wasn't quite hinted at enough.
“I want to know if we can get through this,” Sherlock said, his voice shaky. He swallowed tightly and looked up, looking away from John’s gentle gaze. “Can we?”
“Here,” Mandy removed the pencil and placed it in his right hand. “Could you try to write something in this hand?”
John sat on the bed with his legs over the edge and his palms beside him holding him upright. He nodded once, and then leaned forward, accepting Alex’s hands on his upper arm and waist, which held him steady. Sherlock was on his left side, mirroring Alex’s caution.
Whether or not Sherlock would see or hear from him again, he knew Mycroft would inform him about that later. Right now, he didn’t care if he ever would get more answers.
“I had doubted—why would you—.” Sherlock looked at the body. He pushed him onto his back and stared at him. It was John—was it? He wanted to kneel to get a closer look, but couldn’t seem to move.
The army doctor stumbled out of his seat and shakily stood up. He took one last look at the two men, eyes wide and prickling with tears, and then he turned on his heel and ran, leaving his jacket and lover behind.
The doctor removed his hands from Sherlock’s back and began unbuttoning his own cardigan. Pushing it aside, he began with his shirt. Once the buttons were taken care of, he pushed the sides away, baring as much torso as possible for Sherlock to caress. The detective wrapped his arms around John’s waist, caressing the bare skin beneath his fingers as his lips trailed the other side of the blogger’s neck.
Sherlock swallowed tightly and lowered his gaze for a brief moment, and then he looked back at John, his grey eyes reflecting the burning embers. “John—”
“Mhm?” John was looking in his eyes; his own glistened like the depths of green forests with patches of blue shadows. “God, you’re so beautiful…”
“Wait…” Sherlock said, keeping his gaze on John. John’s eyes moved under his lids, and he slowly flickered them open. His gaze fell instantly on Sherlock and he smiled weakly. He coughed and then his smile widened, as did his eyes.
Sherlock inhaled slowly and lowered his hands. “You see…” his voice shook and he sounded resigned. “Deep down, you associate me with…” Sherlock trailed off and exhaled shakily. John kept his face lowered, the panic still rising and bile stinging his throat. His eyes prickled; he raised a hand to lie over Sherlock’s arm, but Sherlock flinched and took a step back.
Sherlock stepped closer to them. “You two know each other…” he began, but John interrupted him a bit harshly, unlike his usual tone.
words. He became frustrated quickly, in which John took his hand until he relaxed, and then he’d fall back sleep soon after.
Sherlock scoffed lightly. “Of course not.” He offered a small grin, but it was strained very slightly, enough for John to notice.
“Were you talking to a hallucination? Like before?” Sherlock persisted, keeping his voice calm and soothing.
Victor nodded, and then swiftly stood up. “Indeed.” He looked sad again, but almost with acceptance. He walked silently towards the door.
Sherlock looked at him with a furrowed brow. He slowly started to move his hand, but John shook his head, and slowly started to grin.
Sherlock laughed. “Yeah I do.” He leaned forward and pressed his lips against John’s temple. John leaned into the embrace, and tilted his head so he could press his lips against the cut on Sherlock’s cheek.
John tilted his head up and clenched his jaw. “Just leave me—I’ll stay in a closet or something, and you go and get help.”
John scoffed weakly and turned his head away from Sherlock. He glanced at the door, when a nurse walked in.
Sherlock continued plucking at the strings, deep in thought, when an hour later, the familiar tap of an umbrella was heard against the stairs, and soon after, Mycroft appeared in the doorway.
The doctors lifted John back into his bed, and then placed an oxygen mask over his mouth. They stayed there for several more minutes, before leaving and reclosing the seal.
For the rest of the hour, John nodded most of the time, answering questions about how he felt like he was doing, how he was being treated, and if he had any concerns. John just shook his head to that question, not knowing if he did and not knowing how he would express them even if he did—which he didn’t, as he kept telling himself. Dr. Bailey left; assuring him he would make weekly visits at least, and sporadic ones in between.
“There’s not much fun in that—killing you without any begging. I have always preferred inflicting emotional pain before anything else. The victim tends to be their truest selves by then; see who they really are. But you already knew that.”
Sherlock’s eyes flickered downward and raised an eyebrow. John blushed slightly. “Not those kinds of orders.”
The army doctor’s eyes peeked open however they were unfocused. He let out another raspy exhale but wouldn’t inhale afterwards; his eyes blinked and then began to droop close.
“We’re sorry sir, we can’t do anything. He signed a DNR.” The nurse informed the helpless detective gently. The heart monitor suddenly went into one monotonous beep and the heart rate flat lined. Sherlock hopped off the bed and looked down upon his friend. He began applying compressions to John’s chest and after a set number of heartbeats, Sherlock breathed into John’s mouth to give him the breath of life.
“Yes, I know,” John gently said. “But no harm came of it. We don’t know if the murderer, Dashwood presumably, has been drugging others, but we can get that information from Canterbury.”
John waited anxiously for the familiar click on his ankle to release. He hoped he’d feel Sherlock’s hand too, just to be assured he was there. The water rose past his chin suddenly. John gasped and arched his back to keep his head above the water level. He was pinned just enough to do so, and glancing towards his feet, John thought he had enough room to sit up. He did so, but then pain shuddered through his chest, sending him crying out and collapsing onto his back and into the water.
John saw blurry figures above him, moving him on something and going fast. He inhaled sharply and winced. He looked around for Sherlock, and saw him rushing along the side, his face pale and brows furrowed.
“Right. Um, well, I just thought it was strange; the lungs on both of them are damaged quite severely, almost as if they were smokers or in a fire of some sort, but their histories say they weren’t. And their kidneys, it’s as if they had shut down on the spot. Um, well you can take a look, see if you see anything…” she trailed off bashfully, and took a step back. Sherlock placed some gloves on and examined the male victim’s chest cavity and organs.
Sherlock glared at him. “He could have internal bleeding, spinal injury—.” Sherlock shot his eyes to John, and observed him as close as he could; the hands still held him back by his shoulders.
Sherlock paused and reached forward. John grinned and arched forward, wrapping his stump around Sherlock’s backside and pulling him forward. Sherlock let out a startled gasp and landed on top of him. John tightened his hold and smirked.
During the night, he had told himself over and over that he didn’t blame Sherlock for what he had done. What he had said—
“Just in case,” John said in a clip tone. “In case I’m not in the room, try to look at yourself to deduce who you are, or where you are. This has our names on it, I’m sure you’ll find use of it.”
Lestrade gave him a nod, and then left. Sherlock turned to Mycroft. He cleared his throat and looked at the ground for a moment before looking at his brother, hardening his face.
“John, don’t stutter. It isn’t appealing of you.” Said the familiar nagging voice from the man in front of him.
The blogger’s face drained and paled—sickly pale—and his eyes froze on the sight of Sherlock. Stiffly, John forced his gaze to the man still sitting by him; it was Sherlock too, looking at anything but John.
John looked out the corner of his eye and then fidgeted away on the bed, scooting away from Sherlock. Sherlock stopped in his tracks, and then slowly turned around. He decided to remain quiet, but kept the door ajar.
Sherlock sat up and looked down at John; his eyes were moving slightly under his lids, and his chest was moving. Sherlock looked out the door just as Mycroft hurried in, the doctor behind him and everyone else hesitantly following them.
“A case. Two victims, no sign of force entry,” John exclaimed. He hovered by the chair, and licked his lips.
Sherlock hummed in response, and John could sense Sherlock didn’t care so much about fictional text. He smirked to himself, and settled in his seat behind Sherlock.
Sherlock sighed. “Yesterday you tried reaching the top shelf for some flour, which you didn’t even want, Mrs. Hudson did. The day before you tried showering without the chair. Both times you nearly fell, and would have hit your head on the table or counter if I hadn’t caught you both times.” Sherlock finished with a slight waver in his tone. He stared at John, who was staring back him with a forming glare.
John nodded. “Lestrade will get back to us about Ellis’ coworkers. For now, we have these. Back to the flat?”
Outside, it had stopped raining. Sherlock went to the far railing and looked across to the docks. Hidden in the shadows, he found the sign he needed: Mycroft had found them!
John’s jaw and fists clenched and he looked back at Sherlock. Sherlock looked pale, thinner than usual, but alive, as if he was just sleeping. It almost looked like his eyes were even moving beneath his lids, but John knew it was just his own eyes playing tricks on him. He cleared his throat, and spoke.
John squirmed on top of Sherlock and pulled away hesitantly, earning the start of a protest from Sherlock. John placed a finger on his lips, silencing him.
Sherlock looked at the woman, instantly seeing the resemblance. She was short, just at five feet, with blonde hair—
“A friend? The freak doesn’t have friends,” an officer in the back retorted. John turned to face her.
“I was hoping you could tell me.” John murmured. He crumpled forward but Sherlock and Mary caught him before he hit the ground. They led him gently to the sofa and settled him down. He was already having trouble keeping his eyes opened.
Bracing himself heavily on his left leg, holding his tea in his left hand, and with the crutches on his right side, he lifted the crutches onto the step and hopped up. The teacup shook in his hand, but he managed to keep it steady. It was a slow process, but he was more than willing.
He opened his eyes and squinted. Sherlock was standing in front of him, facing him, with his arms by his side and swaying. He was prepared to catch John if he needed to, but John knew with a heartening sensation that that was unlikely. He was still using the walking aids, but only for walking. He could stand on his own fairly well without them, and really; he only needed them for long distance. That morning he had walked to the shower without an aid, only Sherlock by his side as a precaution—one that Sherlock had insisted on.
He climbed out of bed and looked around the room. Sherlock was nowhere in sight, and his side of the bed was made. John couldn’t tell if it had been disturbed at all or not. He carefully dressed in clean clothes, wary of his bandaged arm, and placed the sling back on before heading out into the kitchen. Upon entering, he saw Sherlock faced down on the counter, with piles of papers and petri dishes surrounding him. The man was fast asleep. John started to step forward, when Sherlock shifted and then sat upright, waking up almost immediately.
Moran raised his eyebrows, his attention drawn to the earpiece again. “Well, well, well,” He said again. “Apparently
Sherlock sped down the steps, and nearly broke out into a run once he made it to the correct floor. The hallway was dark grey—the carpet nearly matching to dull shine of the thin steel walls. He heard the footsteps speed up to catch up with him, noticing Kim’s shorter step just ahead of Mycroft and Sinclair.
“Your knuckles are bruised. You put up a fight.” Sherlock stated, a tremor of pride leaking in his tone.
“Whose we?” Sherlock responded before he could stop himself. His throat was sore, but it didn’t hurt to talk. It was the most he had spoken since…well since this entire stay, and he could feel John looking at him.
“Stop talking now.” John interrupted, and then looked up at Sherlock, his eyes sterner than they were before.
to know. He was of no use, so Sherlock left—tried to stay and see, but as the weeks went on it was likely Sherlock just got bored.
“You worry,” John stated. He looked up again to see Sherlock slowly nodding. John sighed and shifted. Sherlock shifted but then cut off his actions. John paused and nodded once, and then Sherlock’s hands were under his arms and helping him stand. He helped John sit on the toilet seat, and then left the bathroom without another word.
Later that night, after countless cups of mulled wine and a chase around in his new chair, chasing John and catching him every time, the pair were under the warm blankets, with John spooning him. Sherlock suddenly realized just how happy he was. He shifted in his embrace and gently kissed John’s cheek. John shifted awake, and met his gaze.
John came back to the flat around noon, only to find it empty. He checked every room and looked around, but there was no sign of Sherlock. He checked his phone, but didn’t even have a missed call or text.
Moran led him to the upper floor, a large one-room space with columns spread out. In the center were five men, and the man who had taken John was standing behind them. Sherlock inhaled sharply as he was brought in front of them. All men had their hands tied behind their back, and each had a bullet wound to the thigh. They all looked like John Watson, their hair the same shades of brown and blond with wisps of grey in the front and on the sides. Their eyes were lowered except a few looked up at him, their eyes glistening with plea.
As Sherlock trailed his hands along John’s sides, John pulled his pants down with one hand and kicked them off before tossing them out of the way. His residual limb tingled with discomfort for holding him up, so he gently laid himself nearly flat on Sherlock’s chest, both of their naked bodies already warm with arousal. Shivering from the cooler air, John reached for the sheet and pulled it over his backside. It was cool to the touch but saved the warm air into a tighter space. John slid his hands underneath Sherlock’s back, and then moved his body up and down once, grazing his cock against Sherlock’s thigh.
John squeezed their interlocked hands, motioning Sherlock to look up. He did, however with reluctance.
Sherlock nodded to her as he rushed in. The first room was empty, but Moran was in the interrogation room, his back to the window, and John in front of him, however he was blocked from view. A small camera was on a rod, facing John, and a red light flashing. There was another man against the wall, with a metal suitcase of several different needles and vials, and a mini heart monitor. The heart line was beeping rapidly, clearly not normal.
Sherlock hummed in comprehension. “What about the bomb? Any reason as to why it was at MI6 and not Sumatra Road?”
John stared at Sherlock. His face had paled when Sherlock had clarified what he was talking about and since then, he hadn’t spoken a word as the detective explained.
There was a pause. “Sure, um, though I’m not sure if he could help? I’ve never actually met him, though.”
“I’ll wake you up in a little while, John. The doctors want to make sure this isn’t a serious concussion.”
you are ignoring me.” Said the baritone voice in front of him. John blinked and exhaled a shaky breath before replying to the apparition.
It was silent now, and the sound John never heard that day but had imagined it for two years was all he heard: the bones shattering against pavement, a skull breaking open and the genius it housed instantly gone.
Relief flooded John, quickly followed by a gasp and a sore throat. The word felt odd in his mouth—it was elongated and a little high—and it sounded off. John exhaled slowly and refused to look at Sherlock.
Sherlock stayed by John’s bed, their hands intertwined whilst the army doctor slept. Doctor Shepherd had checked in and informed Sherlock that if John’s vitals improve, he could be discharged by next week. That was when Sherlock realized he didn’t know exactly where could he go. John needed someone to look after him for weeks to come, and wherever he was currently staying at simply won’t do. It wouldn’t feel like home. So despite their bitter conversation an hour ago, Sherlock texted Mycroft and agreed to have his people work in locating Moran as well as clearing Sherlock’s name and easing their way back to Baker Street. Mycroft had kept the flat and paid the rent as soon as he found out Sherlock was alive; Mrs. Hudson didn’t know yet, but Sherlock thought to break it to her once he needed clean clothes for John. Mycroft’s men would transfer John’s belongings to Baker Street, to make the move easier, and would only be a matter of days before the pair can head back home, together. But now, John slept, after almost—literally (as Sherlock saw it)— dying in the detective’s arms.
“Well, we could run some tests. It’s probably just the concussion, but based off the symptoms several months ago, it’s all right to be cautious. We’ll start with a CAT scan, and go from there. You don’t have any plans?”
Sherlock rearranged him until he was cradling John close to his chest. John rested his head in the crook of Sherlock’s arm, and his cries quickly ceased. He inhaled shakily and let out a whimper. He lay still for several minutes.
John’s brow furrowed into confusion. Tears continued to fall down his peaky cheeks, not showing any signs in stopping. He removed his hand from Sherlock’s and wiped as much as he could away, just as Harry walked into the room.
“Then who are you? What character are you, in your little story?” Sherlock had asked before the police had shown up.
He expected Sherlock to laugh, scoff, anything, but Sherlock furrowed his brows even tighter and slowly left the bed. John rose up and looked at him, swallowing down a feeling of unease.
“Of course,” Alex agreed. He handed him a pair of crutches. John used it to walk to the chair, and managed without any help. Sherlock’s hand grazed his waist just in case, but John was quick enough before Sherlock could help him any further. John was grateful of course, but he knew what he could and couldn’t do.
this quote: "...“I’m…scared to want you [John]. Yet here I am, wanting you anyway." is also Grey's Anatomy
Soon enough the building was in sight. Sherlock was a step ahead of John; the area was less crowded than usual, it being a Sunday morning.
Sherlock sighed and then looked away. Before he could continue however, John reached across the bed and gently grabbed Sherlock’s cheek and turned his head towards him.
John shifted his body, turning completely towards Sherlock and ascending casually onto Sherlock’s body until he was laying head to toe on top of the detective, knees to knees, hips to hips, chest to chest. He smiled at the detective, and then leaned down a bit further and captured his lips with a light touch.
…” He sung along, a wide grin forming on his face, as he swayed his hips and stepped closer to Sherlock. He wasn’t nearly a good dance as the detective was; he didn’t have the coordination to rhythmically move his body, but he was damn good at flirting and seducing, as the blushing man in front of him proved. Sherlock had jumped a little and turned around at the intrusion, but now was blushing a deep red, losing his rhythm and shying away. But John was quicker.
Sherlock stood up and wrapped an arm around his lover’s waist. He grabbed his arm and pulled it over his shoulder. Once stable, Sherlock limped to the door and peered out into the hall. They were on the lowest level; water was streaming in from the far end; Sherlock turned and headed down the opposite way. He turned a corner and found a stairway leading to the second floor, presumably below the outside deck.
“There’s nothing in here I can use,” John said bluntly. The nurse looked inside the bathroom, nodded, and then let John close the door.
“Well, it appears that whoever shot you put some of the powder in the bullet. It’s in your system, but the doctors aren’t sure if it’s all gone or if you have yet to show signs…”
Sherlock nodded. “The man, Ronald Silken, wants to finish the story. When you told me some of the stories, well, Hansel and Gretel was one of them, but Silken chose a different one. It seems to be Snow White, but without an actual apple.” Sherlock’s tone had lightened, and John offered a small smile.
“Mycroft came to the hospital. Said I wasn’t safe there; whoever shot me had apparently showed up, probably wanted to finish the job, I didn’t see him but Mycroft did—he must have gotten away—but he took me here anyway and then left I suppose. You need to call him, Sherlock. He wouldn’t tell me anything.” John sighed deeply and settled himself against the pillows. Sherlock nodded and stepped away, pulling out his phone.
“Did you fall or something—.” John started, but Sherlock grabbed his wrists and pulled them away from his head.
Now with the both of them awake, John couldn’t find the words to express his embarrassment, or even apologize for being utterly stubborn these past few weeks. Sherlock hovered around the room, fiddling with the surroundings, glancing out the window, and perking up when voices rose from the hallway, as if the awkwardness in the room would be interrupted. John couldn’t take the silence anymore, but he had no idea what to say. Sherlock seemed to be at a loss as well, or he may just be bored; John wasn’t completely sure. That seemed a likely assumption, so John decided to ignore his embarrassment for now and offer Sherlock an out.
John scoffed lightly. “But, you want me to stay here. I get it. I can’t exactly chase criminals around just yet.”
At home, John prepared himself some lunch whilst Sherlock looked over the journals. Most of the notes were about medical ideas and procedures, but based off the entries from four months ago, Ellis’ started recording his wife’s symptoms.
John shifted until he was sitting with his back against the armrest, and Sherlock was on his knees in the middle of the sofa. “Okay…so now what?”
John remained tense and he closed his eyes as his breathing quickened. His embrace around Sherlock slackened and the detective twisted around in the man’s lap so he could see his face. He raised his hands and cupped John’s jaw; he rubbed his thumb against his cheek and held his mouth to the edge of his jaw.
“Sherlock…is there anyway we can call someone? Mycroft or—.” John coughed roughly and grimaced. Sherlock placed his hand over the wound and pressed gently.
Grasping a thin piece of a hairpin, he relaxed his arms and allowed the coat to fall back in place. He twisted the pin and slotted it into the lock, and after a few tries, it clicked open.
“John, breathe,” Sherlock demanded, but it wasn’t out of sternness. He was concerned; his eyes glistened against the moonlight, and he was paler than usual. John could feel Sherlock trembling, but then thought maybe it was just him.
John swallowed tightly and licked his chapped lips. “I don’t want y-you to ch-chose me just because—,”
The last few words were high-pitched and maliciously familiar. John spun around and the hallucination altered to none other than Jim Moriarty. He was there for only a second, then John blinked and Sherlock was back.
The army doctor stood up suddenly and charged at Sherlock, splashing water in his wake, but only to be painfully halted by his cuffed hand. He glared at Sherlock. “If you don’t care for me at all, then uncuff me and let me go. It won’t matter if I get myself killed. It seems you don’t have any use of me anyway.” He looked down, breathing deeply to control his frustration.
“CCTV cameras caught sight of a man matching Moran’s description, however his face is once again out of sight. He was spotted just around the corner a few days ago, and other places surrounding, possibly to get a feel of the place. Intel also shares that Moran may be attempting to reconnect with others to reinstate Moriarty's network.”
John looked at him carefully, and stood up. He looked at Greg, and raised an eyebrow. Greg nodded and stepped back.
“I can’t control it.” He whispered hoarsely. “They just happen. There’s no pattern for when they appear and for how long. I went for four days without a single one.” He managed to say that much before his voice cracked and he had to take a deep breath to calm himself down.
John nodded slowly. With hesitation in his step, he took his coat, looked at Sherlock once more, and seeing him closing his eyes and placing his hands under his chin, John left.
“John, wait—” Sherlock hurried after him. “You don’t mean that—just, tell me what I can do to help—,” He caught up to John easily just outside their door, and took his elbow gently. John flinched and took a step back, but the crutched slipped out from under him and he fell forward, landing on his side. John let out an aggravated sigh, and very nearly growled.
Everything in Sherlock’s body was aching. The noises from the hallway echoed into his room, increasing the headache currently throbbing against his skull. He could tell before opening his eyes that the room was dimed, but he could not tell if it was daytime, or how much time had past.
“Will you just listen?” John raised his voice and held Sherlock’s gaze, hardening his own. “Do this for me then. If you are absolutely sure that this is nothing, and that I’m looking too much into it, then I would like you to take the test to prove to me that you’re fine.”
Sherlock helped John stand up, and although he felt weak, John managed to keep his balance. Sherlock took the jacket off of him, and then placed his own coat over John’s shoulders. John could smell Sherlock clearly, triggering his memories and that Sherlock was supposed to be dead, but wasn’t. John blinked, but Sherlock was still there. He wanted to close his eyes to see if this was really true, but some part of John was afraid to do so. He kept his eyes on Sherlock, followed him closely as he was led outside.
“It’s been a little more than two weeks since your incident. I’ll be having you transferred to a safe house.”
John shook his head. “I wasn’t—I mean I understand that you—” John huffed and shook his head once more. “No, no, no, no, I’m not leaving until you give me a good reason why.”
After a minute of silence, John exhaled suddenly, and his face realized slightly with understanding, but also uncertainty. He shuffled his feet and unraveled his fists. “I—there are some things that I’ve always wanted to say, to you, Sherlock. I—when you jumped, those were the things that came into my mind as you fell. I thought I wouldn’t get another chance so…I need you to tell me why. Because I think I know now. I’ve been thinking about it for some time, but I wasn’t sure. So please, say it.”
Sherlock felt a hand on his shoulder push him down, and he weakly did. His body trembled and he inhaled sharply. The room spun around him and he slowly fell back against the chair, succumbing to unconsciousness as well.
John laughed humorlessly. “You won’t, will you? You always leave. And you know what, I won’t be here forever either.”
“Baker Street,” Sherlock said without too much thought, and then he stopped in his tracks. “Unless you…” Uncertainty clouded in his tone as he stopped in his tracks and looked at John.
John had his residual limb casted, and now he would have to wait a week or two until his first prosthetic would be ready. But John wasn’t entirely convinced he wanted one. He got around efficiently with crutches, and could opt for a wheelchair if he felt like it. He had left his physical therapy early due to fatigue, but John was really just not up for anything anymore. It would be convenient, and make it easier to walk without having his arms occupied with the crutches. But John was still feeling unsure.
It was early in the morning after the meeting with Moriarty; they had only been home for a few hours. Somehow, John had fallen asleep quickly; in fact, he was still asleep.
John continued. “Why couldn’t you have just…told me you were alive? Or better yet, not told me at all—I mean—.” John cut himself off when he saw Sherlock flinch. He continued softly. “I didn’t mean it like that Sherlock…I mean…why—.”
“I’m coming Sh-lock.” The army doctor slurred, his vision blacked but he wouldn’t slacken his grip on the railing.
“Yes, John, do keep up. We need to prove which drugs Canterbury is giving away, and to whom. Chances are, he’s giving it to someone who has worked with Alzheimer patients, probably still does, and since patients are referenced from the doctor to the pharmacy to provide their medication, it must be someone Canterbury is close to. My bet is on Dashwood.”
“Think. I need to think, there must be somewhere…” Sherlock mumbled, looking around. The hallway was wide with doors leading to various rooms, and led straight on until it turned a corner. Windows lied on one side, and doors on the other. Some doors led to downstairs but none lead up to the deck. A dark red caught John’s eye, drawing it to Sherlock’s side as the detective scanned the hallway for any exits.
Sherlock stared at him, his jaw clenching. “Don’t use that against me,” he said gravely as he took a step forward.
“They take too long to put on!” Sherlock snapped. “There must be something else you can do, he’s…” Sherlock trailed, his voice suddenly becoming shaky. He cleared his throat, and continued, fortunate neither of them had spoken above him.
The kettle hissed, bringing John out of his thoughts. He prepared his tea, and reached for a second cup, only to pause. Should he make Sherlock’s tea? Would it be like a peace offering?
“Is there any physical evidence of his connection to Moriarty?” Sherlock asked. He felt John tense beside him, and pressed his hand on his waist, assuring him he will explain later.
Sherlock did, and relaxed—just slightly though. “The medication is locked up of course, and noted how much is given to the patients and so forth. As of now, Florence isn’t taking any, since Lucy thought it was that that was causing her symptoms, but Dashwood is giving it to her in some other way.”
“You’ve had nightmares too,” John stated. He knew it was true; the morning’s incident was plain as day. John just wanted to hear it from Sherlock, and then they could actually start talking about the things that John had been avoiding.
“I’m Doctor Robbins. I was the lead surgeon for your partner’s operation. The bullet entered his chest and lodged itself beneath his heart. He lost a lot of blood, and his heart stopped beating half way through, but he’s in recovery now, and would be transferred to the intensive care unit in a few hours.”
Sherlock turned the doorknob to find John sitting up in bed, his back towards the door. His hand was clutched at his chest and his other clenched tightly in the sheets still tangled around his waist and legs. He was breathing fast and unevenly, definitely hyperventilating.
“Now you give your report on where you were all day,” Mycroft said. “Talk to Mary, have her record it. That assistant of his may try to join in. Sherlock,” he turned to his brother. “Watch her.”
Sherlock’s face was pink and flushed slightly; his eyes were red-rimmed, and his hair was wildly untidy. John stared at him, and then his eyes flickered to the window. It was dark out. He glanced at the clock, which also showed the date. It was the 23
After several moments, Sherlock broke the kiss, catching his breath. John breathed heavily against his lips, tangling his fingers in Sherlock’s curls on the back of his head.
“There wasn’t any, not a paper trail at least. The only incrimination besides catching him in the act was payment transactions over the passed year that had no origin. Looking further into it, it was significantly above what he earned through his practice. He wasn’t smart enough to open a bank account over seas apparently. Besides, he confessed to everything.”
Sherlock sighed softly and remained silent, but John sensed a lingering concern, since the man’s back suddenly felt tenser against his.
John shifted his hands until they were around Sherlock’s back, and held onto him. “Stay with me. Just stay.”
“It’s just temporary. I’ll get Dr. Robbins here to explain.” She quickly left before John could say another word. His temper was rising, and the air seemed suddenly too thick to breathe.
Once he knew his brother was out of earshot and well away from John’s room, Sherlock sprang out of his chair and rushed into the private washroom. He vomited into the sink, painfully as not much came out since he’d barely eaten anything that day.
“Please don’t…” John begged, all the while still keeping his head down. His eyes blurred and a few tears threatened to spill out soon.
Dr. Shepherd nodded to John sympathetically. “It’s normal for loved ones to avoid their significant others at times like this. It’s a kind of coping mechanism.”
John looked down, and then relaxed, realizing Sherlock’s meaning. “Sherlock,” he began softly, reaching up and cupping Sherlock’s cheek. Sherlock looked at him hesitantly.
John thought shamefully. He cringed, and turned his head away from Sherlock, but Sherlock was quicker and cupped his jaw, tilting it up and keeping it facing him. John lowered his eyes, and then Sherlock tilted his chin more. John squirmed out of his grasp and turned his head away.
Here's a video showing how Sherlock takes John out of the water and what the dock sort of looks like
Suddenly, the computer screens flickered once, and then again. Sherlock looked at his screen but before he could even press his hands on the keyboard, the screen went black.
He was certain he had something in his pocket that would unlock the cuffs; it was just a matter of getting them out. Sitting forward on his knees, Sherlock twisted his arms and grabbed the thick material of his coat. He lifted his coat up, bunching it up on his back until he was able to pull his pocket to his hand. He arched backwards slightly, straightening his wrists and arms but didn’t let go.
John left the room and was quickly back, tea in hand. He set it on the bedside table and sat on the edge of the bed.
Sherlock reentered the room, and they were alone for a few minutes in silence before Mary reentered, holding a laptop and a recorder. She settled her things on the table and set it up, when the door opened again. Sure enough, Kim entered, her features soft and nearly apologetic.
There was Sherlock, by the sink and moving his hips almost sinfully. Almost. Then he bent his knees, and it turned into a straight-to-hell-in-a-picnic-basket up and down motion. He swayed his hips wide and rhythmically, and he was…
Lucy nodded. “She would be lucid for several days, and then not for not as long. At least, that was it for the first couple of months.”
“I’m sorry Sherlock. The plan didn’t work,” she choked. He simply blinked at her as a bright light was shined in his face. He grimaced but couldn’t look away. Gloved hands were removing his clothing, piercing his skin with metal tips and inserting cold fluids.
Four days later, they were sent to the safe house. John wanted to stay longer at the hospital, because Sherlock still had difficulty in sitting up on his own, but Mycroft was insistent.
“Took you long enough.” Sherlock remarked. Before his brother could reply, he continued. “What do you want now?”
John tapped his fingers against the arm of the chair, keeping his eye focused on the entrance to his room. The sliding glass door remained closed however, and not a singer person walked in for nearly an hour since Robbins had left.
“You’ve been sick. No wonder you haven’t visited,” Sherlock said, surprised at himself that his voice hadn’t cracked.
He entered the sitting room and came to a halt. Sherlock was nowhere to be seen. His coat was missing from the coat hanger.
“No, it won’t,” John agreed. “I made an appointment with Willoughby; it’ll be an hour, two at the most. He has a CAT scan there, and everything is set up. Just for me, please.” John looked at him intently.
“Not a pediatrics one. I probably have more knowledge than she does.” John said, looking away and focused studiously at the floor.
“But he’s right. I mean,” John cleared his throat as everyone turned their eyes to look at him. “The powder looks like cocaine, but slightly different, almost like snow rather than powder, and those symptoms would have happened in any kind of overdose. It’s not hard to claim that that’s what happened.”
“John,” Sherlock said sternly. “I don’t quite understand your involvement, but you are involved, so tell me!”
Sherlock nodded, and John stepped forward. He picked Sherlock up, bridal style, and carried him up the ten steps, grunting slightly along the way.
He looked into Sherlock’s eyes, his own gleaming against the fire currently burning under the mantle.
“The doctors are not sure how long he was unconscious for, without oxygen,” Mycroft began. “They’re not sure yet about his brain function, and will be running an EEG and an MRI in the morning.”
“He doesn’t need space,” Sherlock claimed as he held John’s hand. Victor went around to him and gently parted their hands. He met John’s eye briefly before looking at Sherlock.
John nodded tiredly, but then stilled. He slowly raised his eyes to meet Sherlock’s, and attempted to sit up further, but couldn’t. Sherlock looked at him, and then his eyes widened.
John thought, suddenly overcome with annoyance. He took another step forward, and then his left leg started to tingle. Pain shot through his leg, so he altered his weight, and leaned on his right, furrowing his eyebrows. However, John overestimated his right leg, and it trembled suddenly. He lost his balance on the aids, and fell onto his side, landing heavily on the floor.
Without waiting for John to respond, Sherlock walked past him and disappeared down the hall. John listened until the door was closed, and then waited. After a long while, his balance became difficult to keep, so he stiffly walked back to their (was it his now?) bedroom. He didn’t fall asleep.
John stood up roughly, and noted with satisfaction that Willoughby was nearly unconscious. Greg stepped forward finally and held out a hand to keep John away, but they both knew it was for show.
Sherlock stood up and took the accessory. John turned around and then Sherlock clasped it around his neck. In the mirror above the fireplace, it fell right on John’s breastplate beside his heart. John blushed in the mirror and turned around.
Sherlock’s idea seemed to work; since he first wrote on his arm, John made sure it was still there. He hadn’t been lucid since then, but every time he woke up, he saw it, and his eyes softened when he saw John and tea. It was as if deep down, Sherlock knew John was important to him, he just didn’t know his name or his face.
“The fingerprint matched a man: Ryan Ackles, an American computer analyst. He’s a wanted man for treason who disappeared about four years ago. He leaked files to Anne before he was caught. She helped him escape. It was suspected they stayed together, but there haven’t been anything connecting them since then. He worked dealt government information in the black market, even with Moriarty. He was never implicated because he was just freelance, never actually employed or in person.”
The air was too fresh, too cold against his lungs as John inhaled a waking breath. He heard beeping beside him, murmuring on his left, and he felt something heavy beside his right arm. John opened his eyes, but the room was blurry. He blinked rapidly, and it slowly cleared up, and then the heavy figure beside him shifted and stepped closer into his line of sight.
Chapter 6 will be posted on Sunday. I'm editing it now and it's not really going smoothly, but I'll try my best for Sunday. I'm still in the middle of chapter 7 so the next few chapters may be posted a few days later.
John shook his head softly. “Not until we talk, Sherlock,” He said sternly, yet his voice was quiet. “I can see the bandage peeking out from your coat. What happened?”
Willoughby shrugged. “George is—was a kind man, very caring to his wife, and attentive. She was diagnosed with Alzheimer’s just a few months ago.”
“Sally just spoke to him. He said he hasn’t seen Dashwood in a few months, and claims he doesn’t know what Dashwood does with the drugs.”
Sherlock nodded and then wheeled himself to the table. As he watched John prepare their meal, he began to ponder on how he truly felt for the man, and how it could change everything forever.
Sherlock looked at him, and his eyes flickered with something. In his hand was his phone, and he was twisting it thoughtfully.
Sherlock still seemed hesitant, and his eyes were flickering over John’s face as if he was debating.
“I know.” Sherlock kissed his lips again, and John started to wrap his arms around the taller man when a voice spoke from behind.
He didn’t return until three days later, alone. He entered Sherlock’s room and hovered around the bed, not looking at Sherlock, but highly aware of the hissing and beeping of the machines, the ventilator and heart monitor, and such. He clenched his fists, unsure what to say. The doctors had told him the diagnosis, but it didn’t feel real. How could Sherlock Holmes have fallen into a coma this fast, with no warning, no suspenseful event making it inevitable? He hadn’t fallen or hit his head, and yet here he was, silent, still…not
John sighed. “He was wearing a kind of ski mask.” He looked at the ground, the icy stare turning into plain hurt and disappointment.
Sherlock smiled and kissed him again. John leaned into him and ran his hair through Sherlock’s curls, moaning. Sherlock pulled back slightly, and murmured against John’s lips.
John stiffly stood up. He swayed very slightly, but regained his balance fully and began to walk towards the door.
“Let’s just see,” Victor said firmly. John’s eyes fluttered, but he urged them to stay open. The pain in his chest increased, and he could feel sweat along his skin, sending shivers down his body.
There was silence in Sherlock’s presence now. Before, it was only silent when Sherlock was thinking, but occasionally, there were huffs and grunts, and the noise from outside still provided a sense of living at Baker Street. Cars drove by. Kettle boiled. Violin strings plucked, and keyboard typed on. Now, with a near soundproof window and monitors beeping in a continue rhythm, the silence emphasized the absence, as if Sherlock didn’t exist at all.
John thought for a moment. “He’s a bit more aggravated, but that could because he’s bored. It’s nothing new. The case did involve drugs that was being used to look like Alzheimer’s,” John explained.
John reached forward and took the detective’s hand. “No Sherlock I’m not. Don’t worry. I’m not…” John grinned.
They remained silent for several hours, and then the doctor appeared. He led the way to John’s room, and then Mycroft said his farewell as Sherlock wheeled to John’s bedside.
John shifted away and looked up at him. “Hey…” he said tiredly. Sherlock looked around the room but didn’t find anything out of place.
were you crying?” Sherlock asked again, grinning just slightly at John’s attempt at changing the subject.
“There…there should be an off switch…” Sherlock said as he looked over the bomb. John paced around the room. Sherlock looked over the explosive multiple times, but then came to a halt, and sighed. He looked up at John.
Sherlock had time to go over his newly realized feelings for John. He looked over all the evidence and it was clear, but impossible to be reciprocated. He was already convinced John would only want to remain his friend. Going into a romantic relationship with a cripple—well, disabled, as John had him practice using the term, was just insane for a man like John. In a few years, he’d meet an average woman and get married, probably start a family soon after. Sherlock didn’t want to hold John back, and to burden him not only with his disadvantage, but with his feelings as well. So he made an instant decision that he was not going to tell John. But
Cars packed the driveway, and Sherlock led him to an empty one. John sat inside and Sherlock followed, closed the door, and then they were driving away. Sherlock was oddly silent, and John started to fear he was in a dream, or dead.
John exhaled and leaned all the way forward. He rested his forehead against Sherlock’s shoulder and breathed him in, suddenly feeling light headed. He ran his fingers across Sherlock’s shoulders and to his face. He shifted until he was facing him, and then leaned forward and kissed Sherlock; Sherlock kissed him back as desperately as he could, although tiredly, but managed to bring his hands up to John’s neck and jaw.
Sherlock didn’t respond and continued looking around. The room looked like a laboratory, with stainless-steal tables and benches, and pristine tools and chemistry sets. The bags were lined against the brick wall, beside empty wooden boxes with an image of a black apple on the side.
Sherlock hesitated, and then he stood up and walked down the hallway to their bedroom. John could hear him shuffling through something, likely under the bed. Sherlock returned with a rectangle box and placed it in John’s lap.
The consulting detective scurried away into the sitting room, rushing past John. But the doctor had prepared himself—Sherlock should have notice the anticipation in his posture. John lunged forward and reached for the syringe but Sherlock stretched his arm above him, out of reach of the shorter man. John didn’t stop stepping forward while reaching as Sherlock walked backwards, who stumbled. The pair lost their footing and toppled into a heap on the floor.
John took a deep breath and walked further into the room. Sherlock was muttering to himself and started to pace back in and forth in front of the couch with his fingers resting under his chin. John glanced at the wall, catching photos of locations and bodies, but not fully comprehending them. His mouth twitched to a promising smile, and stepped further in. Sherlock came to a slow pause and turned around, his face blank.
“I’m going to bed.” Sherlock wheeled away from John, but then stopped abruptly in front of the stairs. Something clenched in his chest, but he ignored it and casted his gaze to the ground as John stepped closer to him.
They looked at each other and nodded, and then together headed down the hallway, speeding up and reaching the stairs. Sherlock nearly carried John down rather than helped him walk, and upon reaching the landing, John groaned and leaned heavily against Sherlock.
“I’ll be fine without you for a couple of hours or however long this takes. Don’t worry, go and identity him and I’ll meet you back the flat.”
“There’s isn’t one. Come on.” John turned around and reached behind him for Sherlock’s legs. Sherlock hesitated, and then leaned forward and wrapped his arms around John’s neck. John lifted him into a piggyback and easily walked towards the shore.
“Oh, god yes,” John moaned, placing open mouth kisses on Sherlock’s skin as he wrapped his hand around Sherlock’s hand and cock.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered around the room. He raised an eyebrow, questioning. John wasn’t sure what Sherlock was asking. His face must have shown his confusion, for Sherlock’s face twisted in frustration, and he bit his lip.
preferred that—John had been crying out to fellow soldiers, clearly hallucinating the first time he had been shot. He had called out for James Sholto, had cried in pain when the paramedics and nurses lifted him from the gurney onto the hospital bed, which then he cried out to Sherlock. Sherlock would never forget the amount of pain John’s eyes glistened with—that, he did not prefer.
Fear kept John from looking around the room right away, but he took a deep breath and looked anyway. Flowers were by the windowsill, an overnight bag lay in the corner, but other than that and the detective, the room was empty.
He opened the room and found Dr. Willoughby disposing gloves into the bin in the far corner, and the CAT scans were placed on the light screen, but it wasn’t on. He spotted Sherlock starring at the door, and slowly lifted his gaze at John.
“I think he has everything to do with this. Now face the bow. On your knees, hands behind your head.” Moran ordered, bringing his gun to Sherlock’s head. The detective scoffed and remained standing.
John took a deep breath, and met Mary’s gaze. “I arrived at work around 10:30, and I had only two patients before one walked in and injected me with something before I could even react. I must have had my back turned or something… Everything became fuzzy and the next thing I knew I was outside the church, in the back. I saw men carry large amounts of wood walking towards the front—so they had built the bonfire. There were a couple of men beside me; one looked familiar and soon he identified himself as Bradley Stan—reminded me when we had met back in Kandahar. He didn’t say anything else, just that it was good to see me again. And then, another man came up to me, he was…”
Sherlock weakly slumped onto the bed; John breathed deeply beside him. They remained silent for a moment before John stumbled out of the bed and came back with a warm washcloth in hand. He wiped them clean and then laid back down, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and tangling their legs.
John’s phone rang, startling him. He answered it without looking at the ID, and was disappointed to hear Greg’s voice.
John squeezed Sherlock’s hand. “We both know this tumor was going to kill me. It was j-just a m-matter of time. So let me go, all right? I’ll see you when…I’ll see you after. And you’ll be real. It’ll be Sherlock, not
“You can leave, you know,” John said softly. To his surprise, Sherlock’s eyes widened in shock and his fiddling ceased.
“Yes. I can’t push myself too hard, and hurt myself. Besides, I have physical therapy tomorrow. Alex is coming at two.”
Out of the corner of Sherlock’s eyes, the stranger eyed the detective suspiciously, yet held up his own phone anyway. “Here, use mine.”
Instead of seeing tears, John saw Sherlock’s eyes were clear of them, but his nose was red and covered in blood, which had been spread around his mouth and jaw. John gasped and leaned away. Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly and reached forward, but John moved out of reach.
“It’s not any of them. This man made a mistake. He left a fingerprint on the bullet casing left at the scene. It appears that was his only mistake. Leaving the diamond from the ring and the gun points to Mary—.”
John slowly opened his eyes, feeling tired, painless, but sore. He carefully sat up, and going by the orange light streaming through the window, it was either early morning or early evening. John had no idea.
This time Sherlock scoffed and went back to reading, however he didn’t fail to notice John’s smirk. Fifteen minutes later, John cleaned his dishes when Sherlock’s phone rang.
Sherlock smiled back, his eyes genuinely beaming. John smiled wider, feeling suddenly lighter than he had all week. It was reassuring; he hesitated in letting it fall, but his appetite slowly started to return, so he opened his mouth and took the bite, swallowing it smoothly.
, John thought. He needed to persuade Sherlock and knew he wouldn’t be able to do it downstairs. Sherlock would likely run off before he would see that his tea was ready.
(Some days I skip, otherwise it would be longer and a lot more repetitive. I do mention the days where there aren't actual scenes. if you have questions, feel free to ask.)
John retrieved their bags as Sherlock watched from the window. From what he could tell, the bedrooms were upstairs, and realized with an unsettling stomach flip that this house must have been chosen last minute.
John scoffed and glared at Sherlock. “First you pretend to be a ghost. Then you try to hide a drug relapse. And then you assure me that we’re safe and this Moran guy is as good as dead, well guess what Sherlock? This whole thing of keeping
John chuckled. “I didn’t think you’d be so…” His brows furrowed in concentration for the right word.
His residual limb was in so much pain, John had thought at first something was biting him—stinging too—burning—and—
Sherlock dropped his hands from John’s waist and shoved him roughly, slamming his body to a door. He reached into his own waistband and pulled out John’s gun and fired, just as another shot rang through the hall. John laid on the ground, covering his head, eyes wide as he saw Sherlock collapse. The minute he hit the ground, a red dot emerged on the white wall and remained still.
John sighed heavily and sat in the chair by Sherlock’s bed. He leaned forward and rested his head in his hands, suddenly overcome with exhaustion. A few police officers had walked in and were now hovering by the medical staff as they wheeled Willoughby away, handcuffing him to the rail. Greg stepped into his line of vision and patted him on the shoulder.
Sherlock scrunched his nose and handed the cup back to John. “I don’t know why you bother trying new things only to go back to the original.”
John sighed softly and dropped his shoulders, the tension easing away. “I…I can’t die, not now—not after…everything. I’m not going to die. Sherlock will come. He and Mycroft…they have a plan.”
John’s breathing had become uneven, as if he was trying not to gasp or cry out. He tightened his embrace and whispered against Sherlock’s shoulder.
John’s eyes widened and his back stiffened. He parted his mouth to speak, but Victor beat him to it.
These attacks were normal regarding the circumstances, and supposedly expected according to Dr. Grey, however, whenever they invaded John’s mind, panic would quickly follow, and he would remain tense for a few hours afterwards.
Sherlock led him to the sofa, and let him sit. He sat next to him on the left, and pushed John sideways until he was lying over his lap. John only continued to cry loudly, seemingly unware of what was going out.
Sherlock was still skeptical, but nodded. John came up to his side, and sat down on the sofa. He hesitated at first, and then raised his hand and gently caressed Sherlock’s cheek. He leaned forward until he was an inch away from Sherlock’s lips. Sherlock could feel his hot breath against his cheek, and his cheeks heated.
Thank you everyone who's reading this! It means a lot, and here's chapter 2, surprisingly the very next day! :)
Abruptly, John inhaled sharply, and clenched the sheets with his fist. Sherlock stilled in his movements, and then placed the cloth over John’s forehead. He leaned closer, placing his hand over John’s shoulder and shaking him slightly.
Sherlock continued to rub his back, even as the intervals between the tearful fits increased, even when the last one shuddered through his body, leaving John emotionally spent.
Of course, he hadn’t been counting on John’s reaction or how badly it would sting. But it was vital that John not see it, whatever was to happen, and lying to him may just be enough to keep him from seeing it. So maybe right this second he could do something…to keep John broken-hearted but hopeful at the same time, so in the end, it would work out.
Lestrade paused. “She has Alzheimer’s, still in the early stages, but it hasn’t been easy to get anything from her.”
“Then why—.” Sherlock’s voice shook. He pressed his lips tightly together and cocked an eyebrow up slightly, but still looked helpless and confused.
“And I’m just a man in a pub,” the man repeated, grinning flirtatiously. Sherlock looked down his form from head to toe. He was short, toned, not over weight or skinny but average. This man was just average. But something caught the detective’s eye. The man’s eyes were radiating in the center, but a tired dullness creased the edges of his pupils. The brown and green glimmered together, with blue around the center. He was confident, but desperate for something Sherlock couldn’t place a name to. It was like he was taking one last attempt, looking for something—or someone—to make him feel alive again, even just for one night. Sherlock decided to bring him to his flat for the night, and told himself that this was just for one night. He didn’t usually care for anyone’s problems—he still doesn’t, but this man in front of him seemed to be an expectation. Just for the night, though.
I apologize, I'm not familiar with London or how harbors work/look like there, so keep in mind that this is fiction.
John sighed. “Nnnn…” he trailed off, frustrated. He shook his head once more, and then looked away. Sherlock sighed, and then sat down, the storm outside encasing the room.
John nodded and looked towards the tea station. There was only one brand, one he didn’t like, so he walked past it and out the door.
Sighing, Sherlock stood up and tossed the mask to the ground. He looked at the remaining man, who was looking at him; his head free from Jack’s grip. Sherlock examined every inch of him. He looked closely, and found the man wasn’t wearing any contacts. He had a scar, was shot in the thigh, and was wearing the same jumper and pajamas as John was—but the brand was a common one. The others were wearing the same kind too.
Soon, Sherlock was fully prepared, and John sat forward, his own cock leaking slightly as he aligned himself with Sherlock entrance. The two made eye contact, and both let out moans of pleasure as John slowly entered Sherlock’s body, coming to a pause once he was fully sheathed into Sherlock. The two remained still for a moment, and then the atmosphere heated up as John began rocking into Sherlock, whose hands were clutching John’s arse, pushing him in deeper and holding him still. John buried his face in Sherlock’s neck; Sherlock suddenly began licking and sucking John’s chest, leaving marks all along his décollage. John moaned in ecstasy as he began reaching orgasm, any sound coming from him incoherent apart from the following words,
“Nope,” Sherlock replied. He stood up swiftly and headed into the sitting room, reaching for his coat. “I should be back by dinner. Don’t wait up.” He started to head to the door, when John stopped him.
His senses came back to him, all at once, and he felt a wave of tiredness wash over him. He barely felt the oxygen mask being placed over his mouth as he fell asleep, losing himself in the abyss of John’s blue eyes.
On the pavement, everything around him was a blur. There was a ringing in his ears that screeched at his brain, but no matter how hard he tried to plug his ears, he couldn’t seem to move his arms. Voices were mere muttering sounds, too chaotic for his brain to translate.
“Was Willoughby. He wanted revenge on Ellis for discontinuing his clinical trial, and fired him when he committed malpractice a few years ago. But since he couldn’t get patients anymore, he’d thought he “create” some, so to speak—”
John nodded tensely, silently wishing Sherlock would stay. As the room was encased with silence, John sighed and closed his eyes. He didn’t get much rest however, when a couple of hours later, a man walked in.
Silken had grinned and hoped of the ledge back to the floor. “A name that if you say it three times, I should appear.”
“I listened and read Watson’s statement. Why are these terrorists impersonating him? It suggests the photos of him aren’t in fact him,” Moran said.
“They won’t believe you and then just arrest you anyway. They’re trained agents, John, they know ways to manipulate you, to get you to say things you don’t mean. It’s best if you get the rest you need, and drag this on as far as possible. The more time you have, the more time I have to prove your innocence.”
Swiftly, a figure moved past the window in a gliding motion. John flinched backwards and took many steps away from the window. For another second or two, he saw Sherlock looking back at him through the window, looking sad.
John screamed himself awake and nearly sat up completely, but his movements were cut short by searing pain. John cried out again and whimpered. He inhaled sharply, trying to catch his breath as he lowered himself back against the pillow. His hospital room was completely dark except for a sliver of light coming from the bottom of the door. John flickered his eyes to Sherlock, who was looking at him. Silently, Sherlock stood up and sat in the chair closer to John’s bed.
Sherlock bit his lip, and attempted to divert the conversation. “I guess I won’t be able to give you any hand jobs.”
Sherlock stared at her expressionless as he stepped back without another word and seated himself in an uncomfortable chair in the waiting room. For a moment he would have appeared defeated, but the moment passed as quickly as it happened, and the consulting detective straightened back to his usual façade.
Unfortunately, as a routine now, John made his way to the bed and lied down. There wasn’t a desk or anything, and he didn’t have his computer or even his own books. The books they have weren’t in tolerable condition; either covered up with dried, bodily fluids or paranoia markings, or missed half the pages. John lay still instead, and stared up at the wall, knowing what was coming with dread just as it did.
John stood up and the room spun around him for only a moment before his vision stabilized. He walked to the window and looked out. From what he could tell, it was pitch dark out—hours could have gone by. Everything was still and…deserted. He could barely get a glimpse of the docks, but didn’t think they were moving away from them.
“Of course I’m relieved you’re here, John,” Sherlock replied. His tone softened as well as his facial expression. He relaxed slightly and uncurled his fists. John lay against the pillows and patted the mattress.
Sherlock broke the surface, gasping for air. He held John tight against his uninjured shoulder and paddled to the docks. Mycroft waited by the edge, Sherlock’s in his arms. Flashing sirens brightened the night from a close distance, and the sounds indicated they were closing in.
“I know,” John whispered. “This is just cautionary. This morning, you gave me a fright, so just sit there and answer his questions.”
John nodded enthusiastically. “I made sure Mycroft had it installed, quite a while ago. I wanted it to be ready whenever we returned.”
He didn’t seem to be ashamed with Mycroft discreetly wrapping his arm around his shoulder. Instead, he bowed his head as deep sobs penetrated the harmful silence and clutched at the sheets tightly in his fist, the other still clamped over his mouth. Mycroft stayed still, keeping his arm firmly in place and tightening it to assure Sherlock that it was okay. Just this once, it was okay to let go.
For the rest of the morning, Sherlock laid on the sofa, switching from going through his mind palace to observing John, who was spending his time in the kitchen.
Sherlock was used to these moments by now. During the past three days, John had only been conscious for a couple of hours at a time, and every time there would be a moment of possible catatonia. John would fall silent, stare at his injured arm, and remain that way for several hours. He wouldn’t pretend he was ok; he hadn’t even demanded to be discharged since that one time this morning. He didn’t bring it up again. He was just quiet.
John cleared his throat and opened his mouth to speak. He couldn’t form a word just yet so instead he nodded. Harry poured him a cup and held the straw to his mouth. John took a shaking sip before lying back down as more tears escaped his eyes.
John’s heart skipped a beat. He smiled and moved his hand passed Sherlock’s mouth and grazed it along Sherlock’s cheek, and then leaned forward and kissed his downturned lips.
“Just GO—!” John gasped as his left leg stiffened. He tried to lean to the right, but he was already stumbling. He tried to catch himself with the aid, but he continued to fall forward. John faintly heard Sherlock yell his name just as his head collided with the side of the table, knocking him out instantly.
They held each other, for several hours, and when they got home hours later, they held on for a many more, falling back into their unexpected routine, loving each other more than ever.
“But it does. She’s your brother’s right-hand. This thing must go deep in the government then, don’t you think?”
“Don’t worry, I won’t scar you skin. It’ll still be like marble when you wake up. And you better do that, git, or otherwise…I’ll never forgive you…”
John snapped his eyes back to the detective and a grin slowly etched its way on his face. Utter relief washed over him and the grin turned into a smile. Sherlock beamed at him and squeezed his hand.
A few minutes passed and then John closed the laptop shut and stood up. He swayed, caught himself on the chair, and then headed down the hallway. Sherlock watched him go, and then kept an ear out.
The door opened slightly, and John peeked through. Noticing Sherlock on the floor, he walked forward, and knelt down beside Sherlock.
He let out an annoyed huff, and shook his head. The room was spinning even with his head lowered, and he was exhausted. However, his annoyance only increased, when the two women didn’t allow him to lie back down.
John held tightly to the aids and started to turn around. “No, it’s f-fine. You can leave now. It’s what you’re g-good at.”
A nurse assisted as she gently and slowly pulled out the breathing tube. John coughed weakly but remained unconscious.
John shrugged whilst looking at the floor. He didn’t trust himself to speak, and wasn’t even entirely sure he wanted to talk at the moment, as he was a little afraid what would slip out.
John’s mouth slackened and he nearly gapped. He closed his mouth into a slight frown and looked away.
John’s eyes fluttered close; he was about to fall asleep again. “No reason, I’m just…” John paused and opened his eyes. They were glistening with tears.
Sherlock looked at him and then slowly leaned back into his chair. He didn’t say anything anymore, and John took it as the moment had passed. He let out his breath, sat back down, and started to read, noticing Sherlock reaching for his book on beekeeping. He asked him if he wanted more tea, but Sherlock didn’t respond.
Sherlock jerked his head to him slightly, acknowledging John’s voice but remained silent for another minute. He pocketed his phone and then looked at John.
“John,” Sherlock reached forward but John moved away. He leaned too far, and almost lost his balance, but he managed to catch himself with his palms.
Sherlock sighed. “It’s all so…tremendously overwhelming. I don’t see the point in romanticizing it all.”
“And Mycroft has people working on a antibiotic or something. It’ll clear out the rest of the drug and it’ll make you better, John—.”
Sherlock wasn’t one to think such curses as that, but he did anyway. It didn’t seem to matter anymore. All that mattered now was getting John to the hospital; he needed to get them to the docks before hypothermia began.
“I need to see him—see James, he-he,” John choked and gagged; he coughed up a little bit of vomit, but he didn’t seem to care, or even notice that it had dribbled down his chin. Sherlock wiped it away with a cloth. John grimaced as he tried to sit up; he was too weak he couldn’t even lift his head from the slanted angle of the bed. Sherlock didn’t even have to hold him down. John slouched against the pillow and flickered his eyes around the room frantically.
if you have any questions/concerns/praise please comment, I absolutely love them :) and they keep me motivated
“You wanted to go outside. I saw you looking out the window. You—John, you took the stairs.” Sherlock claimed with a disappointed tone.
Sherlock sighed loudly and turned to his other side, showing his back to John. How could such a lanky man could curl up in a tiny spot and be comfortable?
Alarmed, Sherlock stood up, unsure what to do. Fortunately, a nurse quickly entered the room, followed by Dr. Robbins.
Sherlock grinned. “But you have to be at the surgery soon,” he reminded John with a slightly putout tone.
He said sternly. His voiced sounded distant, almost as if it echoed in John’s mind more than in the room.
“And what evidence is that? You think I would be stupid enough to leave anything behind.” She stated furiously. She stepped closer to him, as if ready to slap him.
A dread shock of horror traveled down John’s spine. He retook his hand in his and spoke before Sherlock could get a word formed.
John snipped the string and ripped the paper apart to reveal a wooden box. He pried it open easily and lifted the lid up. The inside was full of plastic bubble wrap and stuck to it was a note.
“It-it’s okay it’s just…ugh, above the knee. I think it’s just a graze. I can walk, I can—.” John’s face tightened with pain. Sherlock’s hands traveled to his thigh; blood was just barely seeping through the man’s jeans.
John sat up and scooted closer. “Well, you could look for another case. Or we can have morning shag? I’ll let you wear these tags—.”
“Is this some kind of popular trivia I have the fortune of not knowing?” Sherlock asked mockingly as he turned around back towards the room.
“You were shot on Sunday, through your left shoulder just below the original wound. Your ribs are extremely sore—very nearly breaking from the impact of the bullet. The infection occurred from whatever had entered your bloodstream, either from the bullet or the environment, and it caused you to have a seizure. Today is only Friday!” Sherlock exclaimed.
John nodded. “I can feel my ankle. It might be visible on the other side of the hull and debris. Maybe you can click the pin free and my stump will slide out of the prosthetic.”
“Well, there was some kind of substance in the wound. It seemed it was part of the bullet, and had dissolved in John’s body. We took a sample and will have it tested.”
“Sherlock.” Lestrade said again. John looked up expectantly, avoiding Sherlock’s eyes. “What was the last thing you remember?”
“You want to share your bee with Sherlock? Alright, you can sit right here.” John placed Rosie on the bed, near Sherlock’s hand and placed the toy on both of their hands. Rosie held herself up and played with the toy, seemingly unaware of Sherlock’s unresponsiveness.
Ashamed for being weak and pathetic, John bowed his head into his hands and wept without a care in the world. His heart wrenching sounds wailed in the crisp night while rain continued to lazily drench his frail body.
“John…” Sherlock moaned. He slid his hand down John’s right thigh and pulled it over his hip while simultaneously turning over onto his right side. John settled against the pillow fittingly and managed to keep his grasp around Sherlock’s body. His rhythm faltered slightly, and then he slowly picked up the pace again, thrusting again Sherlock’s leaking cock.
John parted his lips, and Sherlock leaned forward, deepening the kiss with his tongue. He moved his lips against John’s, earning a throaty moan from the man.
Sherlock fidgeted. John noticed he was rather paler than usual, thinner around the waist, and a slight sweat gleam on his forehead like he had a fever. Before he could point any of it out, Sherlock answered.
John stirred slightly, and mumbled incoherently. His face scrunched up and he squinted his eyes open up at Sherlock.
John stared at his lover, the gunshot ringing in his ears. His vision blurred as Sven slowly released him, but he was too catatonic to notice. He didn’t notice when Moran knelt down as if checking a pulse and his lips moving into some kind of threat. All he saw was a still form of his lover, as still and lifeless as he was more than year ago outside of St. Bart’s.
Sherlock brought a towel and handed it to John, and then left. John heard him looking through his bag, and then Sherlock returned with clean clothes. He dried John off—John couldn’t find the energy to do so himself, and had started to drift off. Sherlock helped John redress, and then helped him stand up.
Mary scoffed and pulled out her phone, but then sighed heavily. She quickened her pace and followed Sherlock through the tunnel.
“I guess I should bask in this peaceful mood. Tomorrow, if we don’t get a case, you’ll start your sulk.”
Sherlock looked at him closely. He wasn’t wearing a shirt—that explained the imposter with his jumper. His pajamas were ripped over the wound and his thigh was tied with a tourniquet—his dressing gown’s belt.
John cleared his throat and opened his mouth, but he couldn’t form a word. His face reddened and looked away again. Sherlock remained quiet. John bit his lip and thought how to ask what he wanted to know when he couldn’t speak.
Sherlock turned around abruptly and stared at him. “He chose me,” Sherlock said, and then clenched his mouth closed, his face flickering with sudden uncertainty.
John slouched against the wall, his whole body aching with fresh cuts and bruises afflicted on him minutes before. The minute Sven had taken him into a vacant room he began beating John almost to a pulp, lashing his anger out for Moran’s death. All this avenging was making John sick; it wouldn’t bring the dead back, but part of him understood the need for closure, and so he didn’t fought back.
“You’ll eat too.” Sherlock nodded, even though he knew it wasn’t a question. John squeezed his hand and grinned.
It only took a moment for John to understand. “You could tell, couldn’t you? You walked in and found me tense and infuriated, the furniture thrown around, and you knew…you knew that I had had another hallucination.”
Sherlock thought for a moment. “Kingston said that Silken wants to finish a story…so he has a drug named based off of a fairytale…are there other fairy tale motifs?”
As Sherlock went on about…something, bees perhaps, the pain in John’s shoulder sharpened. Jon automatically reached for the morphine drip for more, when gentle hands cupped his own and withdrew it from the control.
“Let me…” he started, but trailed off. John didn’t like his voice; it was uncertain and questioning, not something Sherlock should sound like.
He wanted to make a couple of calls, and didn’t want Sherlock to suspect or ask just yet. Sherlock was probably checking the tests with Molly, so he should be a while, at least John thought so.
Lestrade led the way to the top balcony. Immediately, Sherlock scanned the area and view of Scotland Yard; it was a clear view from up there, with not cameras around.
John lowered his burning face as Sherlock rushed forward. He placed a hand gently on John’s shoulder, but John flinched, so Sherlock removed it.
“So you do want me to leave?” Sherlock’s voice had become harder, and his face was just slightly becoming impassive.
“John,” Sherlock’s voice dropped to a whisper. “As soon as we move, the sniper at the end of this hall near the stairs will shoot. I need you to run.”
Sherlock nodded. John squeezed his hand and in return Sherlock squeezed back. Just then, Sherlock’s phone rang. Rolling his eyes, the detective answered.
The grin appeared on the detective’s face, and quickly became a smile, than a laugh. John joined with him, wrapping his arm back around the detective and holding him tight. Sherlock returned the affection and draped his arm over John’s chest, reaching only midway and intertwining with John’s free hand. They drifted off into exhausted sleep, their dreams intertwining but without death this time. The morning sun shined through the blinds. On the verge of sleep, John hummed to himself. It was nice to wake up to the sun shinning blessedly, with no thunder to shock one awake, with no nightmares sneaking up on the edges of sleep—even better to go back to sleep. It was perfect, and John couldn’t be happier.
“It can. You just have to pay attention to the signs and act accordingly. Don’t worry Mr. Holmes you did the right thing. When he wakes up, he may not remember what has happened, so you can inform him about it. I will be back when he does to discuss his operation. I can make adjustments in my schedule because of this development in the severity of his condition. If you have any more questions, just let me know.” Dr. Shepherd concluded with a sympathetic nod and left Sherlock by John’s bedside.
it was for the best? There wasn’t anything to tell!” Sherlock exclaimed. “It wouldn’t have changed anything. He doesn’t feel the same way as I do. Why would he? He’s denied it every chance he’s got.” Sherlock was spilling it out before he could stop himself.
had shared my concerns that you wouldn’t wake up, and that he would start to lose himself. I’m afraid I made a mistake. You see, Sherlock would have waited for you forever, and I was too possessive to see how much he really cares for you. I thought he would lose himself.”
I am so sorry for the late update. It's been a month and I am so dearly sorry! Here's a long chapter for you. The next one should come soon. School is just about over and work is crazy but I'll do my absolute best, so let's say around the 18th (the latest), there should be a new chapter :)
?” Harry asked, her brows furrowed furiously, her hands clenched into fists. To Sherlock, she resembled just like John is whenever he and Sherlock had a row because of his tantrums, sulks, or messy experiments lying around in the kitchen. God he missed those days.
“There were journals at your parents’ home, belonging to your father. Would you mind us reading them? Maybe they can help us with finding the killer,” John asked. Lucy nodded slowly.
John sighed tiredly and tried opening his eyes. He saw a blurry face looking at him, and after a few blinks, his vision started to come into focus.
“What were you thinking?” Sherlock demanded. John refused to look at him, and a sudden gasp escaped his throat, catching himself off guard.
John swallowed his bite of toast and uncertainly nodded, pushing the table away. Sherlock sat in his chair, keeping his coat on and his back straight. He looked at the paper and then at John.
One week later, John sat on the edge of the bed, dressed in his oatmeal jumper and jeans, but in desperate need of a proper shower. He had called Harry and reassured her there was no need for her help but he appreciated it greatly and would be keeping in touch with her. Sherlock had stopped at Baker Street and retrieved clean clothes for him after almost giving Mrs. Hudson a heart attack. After a sobbing reunion, he fetched the clothes and made it back to the hospital. John was utterly surprised of how caring Sherlock was. It made him wonder, but thought best to breech the subject later.
Sherlock looked at the men. “Upstairs—actually—.” He looked at John, who met his gaze. “Take them down the hall to that bedroom.” He pointed to his own, keeping his eyes on John’s face as it morphed into surprise.
“Moran is still a threat. He wants revenge for Moriarty’s death when my own didn’t take place. He was the closest to him. He probably already has noticed the other connections have been compromised and can easily make new ones. Surely your people can deal with that. I…” Sherlock paused and then whispered “John needs me now”.
Sherlock’s phone rang again, but he ignored it. He snuggled against John and was just starting to press chaste kisses against his neck, when it rang again. John groaned and started to reach for it when Sherlock took his hand away.
At first, John didn’t want to move. But he knew he probably should. With a gruff, John sat up and got off the bed, pretending not to notice Dr. Bailey’s offered hand. He limped heavily intothe chair and stiffly sat down, and then placed the crutches beside it. He felt slightly better, but only slightly.
I'm so sorry it's been more than two weeks! Real life got in the way! Updates should be back to a weekly schedule, if not sooner. Chapter 6 is pretty much written, it just needs to be edited.
“It’s okay Sherlock. Tell me.” John encouraged as he got his force back. The detective nodded and rested his head against John’s shoulder.
about his feelings or how he was doing. He just wanted normalcy—anything to help him get better and get him back home.
He just hadn’t needed that kind of release until now. Before he could go mad with thinking what John will think, Sherlock dressed nicely—as nice as he could bother with, and left the flat. He planned to come back well within the night, after John had gone to sleep. Perhaps he should leave a note? Sherlock pulled out his phone and texted his flatmate.
Sherlock glared at him. “You are not fine.” He snapped. “When we get back to shore, I am taking you to the hospital and you are having the surgery.” Sherlock ordered sternly.
John swallowed tightly against the sudden lump in his throat, and looked at Mandy, signally he was ready.
John sighed heavily and clenched his fists, feeling an overwhelming exhaustion wash over him. He needed to think; he needed quiet; he needed to talk to Sherlock but he couldn’t speak properly just yet—
Sherlock hovered but John kept him away with a fierce glare. He held onto the bed as he walked around it, since the railing was up on one side and he couldn’t lower it. He held onto the attached table and managed to go around. Sherlock seemed to have actually listened to his glare, since he stayed where he was, as John tried to figure out how to pull himself onto the bed.
Dmitri showed up every now and then, his visits growing farther apart, probably because he was nearly completely healed as short term injuries go.
“What makes you think that’s what I’m here for?” John directed at the detective. Sherlock discarded the slide and stood up swiftly.
John felt a little bit more like himself by the afternoon; something he hadn’t really noticed was gone. He missed Sherlock, but it was a natural feeling, and more like he missed him because he was dead, not because he was a hallucination John had been holding onto for sanity.
John nodded with understanding. “Can you…” he cleared his throat, suddenly feeling an uneasy feeling of being lonely. “Can you try to reach Sherlock?
John noticed his hands were hesitantly by his waistband; John didn’t meet his eye but nodded, and started to pull them down. His muscles had begun cramping a while ago, so he couldn’t move his hands as much as he wanted to. Sherlock pulled his pants the rest of the way off, and set the dirty clothes aside.
But Sherlock wasn’t listening to him anymore. He was pacing again, his hands were trembling, and his eyes were glistening. John had hoped this was over, but it clearly wasn’t. He may have finally been able to accept everything, but Sherlock clearly hadn’t yet. John swallowed tightly and followed him, grazing his arms over Sherlock’s arms, but Sherlock flinched and pulled away. John reached for him and held him tighter. Sherlock spun out of his grasp and glared at him.
“No!” John snapped. He flinched and clutched at his bandaged shoulder again, and let out a whimper. “No…” he muttered again. “I—I don’t want to—lose weeks again. Or months. I’ll be fine,” he insisted.
John woke up again well into the morning, and took his time getting up. He walked into the bathroom, only to catch a glance of Sherlock entering the kitchen. He decided not to follow him.
“No, it’s all right. I get really close with my patients. Usually they’re in here for several years, so it makes everything easier if I know both parties.”
“But that was disregarded last time.” Sherlock stated to her, looking at her directly in hopes of John noticing the two talking. He didn’t.
John fell down the remaining steps, and came to a sharp halt on the foot of the stairs, his side having hit the edge of the hard floored stairs. One crutch was lying next to him, and the other was beneath him, pressing hard against his abdomen. John inhaled sharply and slowly lifted himself up with his palms. He dragged himself to the wall, and stiffly maneuvered himself until he was sitting with his back to the wall and his legs in front of him. John sighed shakily and ran a hand over his face, but then cut it short once he felt the scars.
After a few moments, the shuddering suppressed and John shifted his head away just enough so Sherlock could hear him.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Sherlock swallowed and his eyes glistened. John ran a hand through Sherlock’s curls; Sherlock’s eyes fluttered at the touch, and soon they remained closed as he fell back asleep.
“Mr. Holmes—,” Vanessa cut in. She tried to pull Sherlock out of the way, but he squirmed out of her grasp. He rushed forward and pushed Victor aside. He continued compressions himself, and muttered pleading words under his breath as he counted in his head. The heart monitor didn’t change though, and Sherlock quickly became exhausted.
“You may need another bath. You still smell like the hospital.” Sherlock stated, a tinge of disgust in his tone.
John’s eyes widened slightly, a bit disappointed in what Sherlock was doing. However, he thought Victor sounded almost like he was tattling on Sherlock, rather than informing where he was. John softened his expression and shrugged.
The reason why I didn't mention Mary in the tags is because I wanted this to be a surprise. She only has a small role in this part, though she has a larger one in Watson's Anatomy. Her characteristics are a bit different, and her backstory is very different from canon. If you can't stand her, and/or have worries, send me a message on tumblr if you can, that way not to spoil anything for everyone else.
“—Hang on, Sherlock—.” John’s cheeks burned and he lowered his head, directing his gaze to their feet. His right leg started to feel sore, and a familiar phantom pain was tingling beneath his skin. He hadn’t felt that since the boat accident, and feeling it now just before the wedding disappointed John. He had thought he had moved on almost completely.
“You’ve been like this for...” He paused and looked at John. John looked up at him steadily, urging him to continue.
Only twenty minutes passed when the day became less boring, and more insufferable. A black car pulled up to their flat, and an unmistakable figure emerged. Sherlock sighed with annoyance and sat heavily in his chair as he waited for the visitor.
Sherlock nodded and put on what he needed. Dr. Robbins opened the door for him, and then she and the others left them for privacy.
John shook his head, but Sherlock looked at him with a smile, the one he saved for anyone who was getting on his nerves the minute they spoke (or the one he faked when trying to be polite), and nodded.
Sherlock nodded. “His boss, Joe Stevens. He had been missing for two days, and the connection to Fletcher wasn’t obvious to Scotland Yard, so it wasn’t investigated yet. But a simple employment search would have been the obvious connection. I was expecting him to have been attacked soon, just not…this. His body had been found earlier this morning, and I was at the lab when Lestrade came to me to take me to the scene, but I came here first too…”
“No, you’re not,” Mycroft said sternly. “Go and see John. I’ll let you know when I have the investigation going.”
John woke up earlier than usual to find his room empty. Usually, Sherlock was always by his side when he woke up. Now, it seemed eerie; even if it had been only five days, it had started to feel like routine.
*            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *            *
“Not quite a minute,” Sherlock said, his voice wavering slightly. “You seemed more stunned than completely blacked out.” John narrowed his eyes as an attempt to subside the pain, and looked up at him.
The man’s face turned impassive; all emotion was gone and replaced by an indifferent mask that sent shivers down John’s spine.
“Sherlock please just—.” John looked away, tightening his lips and closing his eyes. When he looked back up and opened them, they were gleaming. He motioned with his hand for Sherlock to answer the question (again).
Sherlock clenched his jaw, suddenly frustrated at his uselessness, and then stretched his legs outward with his hands. He applied the brakes of the chair to keep it from moving, and then scooted to the edge of the seat. He lowered himself to the floor, and using his hands, dragged himself to John’s side to gently shake John’s back.
Lestrade shook his head. “His ID picture form Ellis’ hospital was taken down from the records when he was fired. On the records we have from the NHS, apparently his picture was lost.”
failing as John saw it, since it was a rare, opportune moment to see emotion across the “sociopathic” detective’s face.
John noticeable relaxed, and then his chest was moving on it’s own, the faint hisses from the ventilator encasing the tense silence.
Moran stepped behind the man and pulled the ski mask over his face. Sherlock remained impassive to the sight of Bauer.
“He said this is just the beginning and that he will strike again—.” John abruptly coughed roughly, tensing up from the strained movement.
“Good afternoon, Mr. Holmes,” she greeted cheerfully. Sherlock looked over her, and then groaned obnoxiously.
Sherlock nodded, and diverted his gaze to the floor. John could see his lip and hands trembling. John stretched his hand and grazed Sherlock’s thigh. Sherlock flinched and then, as if catching himself, stilled and slowly relaxed.
Sherlock shrugged and walked past John to leave the room, smirking slightly. He suddenly stopped in his tracks, and swayed. John was behind him in a second and placed his arm on his lower back. Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he slowly opened them. His face grimaced with frustration and he walked away, severing the contact.
“Sherlock, I don’t want the world to believe you’re—,” he cut himself off at the look of Sherlock’s face.
“No—” John choked. The room swayed and he faintly felt hands touch his. John shook Sherlock’s grasp off, glaring at him weakly. “I’m fine,” he insisted. The pain only continued to worsen, and it was becoming harder to breathe.
Sherlock grabbed him above the elbow and kept him from moving. “Where’d you go? John, Moran has a warrant and you ran, you—.”
The man looked around and furrowed his brows when he couldn’t find what he was looking for. Sherlock answered for him.
Sherlock nodded against John’s temple and turned to his side, wrapping his arms around John and pulling him in close. John snuggled into the crook of Sherlock’s neck and inhaled deeply.
“So got any cases?” John asked as he brought his tea into the sitting room and sat down in his own chair.
Sherlock scoffed lightly, but a smile was tugging at his lips. John tugged weakly on his coat, and Sherlock leaned back in, kissing him deeply. John hummed against his lips, and Lestrade left, muttering about needing sleep.
The connection passed through Sherlock’s mind once, and then he went back, and looked at the name again.
John shrugged. He actually wasn’t sure, but he didn’t feel nauseous, and had managed a little breakfast earlier.
John looked at the space he made and silently told Sherlock what he wanted. Sherlock sighed, and carefully stood up. It took him a bit to coordinate his limbs, but managed to lie down beside him. John snuggled closer and breathed in deeply, already falling asleep. Sherlock stayed awake for a while longer, before falling asleep himself, burying his face in John’s hair to remind him that everything was okay.
Sherlock stroked his hair with his gloved hand, and held John’s hand with his other. Regina and Margaret tidied the room up, and then resealed the barrier as they left.
“No it’s not! I love you; I want to be with you. Y-you can’t just ‘play’ with me and then change your mind without an explanation.”
Mary notified her whenever she had updates about the system through the phone, which Anthea informed Sherlock whilst keeping her focus on her precious device. Sherlock was glad she and Mary weren’t getting in the way.
Doctor mode kicked in and John found his hands unbuckling himself and reaching for Sherlock’s buckle.
John sat down and pressed the button by the ankle to release the pin. He removed the leg and then put another sock over his stump, and then put the leg back on. He stood up slowly and balanced himself with the aids.
Sherlock opened his eyes immediately and turned to John. “Can you make the tea?” It was a question, but Sherlock didn’t wait for an answer; he walked past John and headed to the sofa where he flopped down, resting his arm over his eyes as if the lights were bothering him.
Sherlock flinched and took several steps back. John gritted his teeth and fluttered his eyes closed as he fell back into the dream. Sherlock trembled ad slowly tried to catch his breath. John’s eyes had stared at him, entirely unfocused and clearly unaware, but his words still hurt. Sherlock swallowed tightly, and stiffly sat in the reclining chair that was furthest away from John, and settled down. He pulled his coat around his arms tightly, and resigned to watch John carefully until he was out of the dream for real. Sherlock hoped John wouldn’t remember it; otherwise he would never forgive himself. Their relationship was being tested—Sherlock could feel it. It weighed heavily on his shoulders, he vowed to himself and to John he was going to make this right. But he knew John had to try too; and if he knew about what he had said, John would feel guilty and distance himself, and Sherlock knew he himself could not handle that. They needed time to work things out, but first, John had to wake up.
The door from the back opened suddenly, a group of armed men hurried towards them, their speed picking up as they laid eyes on John. Moran was behind them, as was Lee.
Why would it? But then, would John move back with his wife? Would he visit Sherlock on the weekends like he was any other ordinary mate?
Sherlock smiled softly and kissed him back, parting his lips instantly and welcoming John’s tongue in. They kissed for several moments and reluctantly parted as the ambulance came to a slow halt.
John focused, and slowly the room came into focus, however, he could feel exhaustion creeping in, as well as pain throbbing in his lower back and head. He creased his eyebrows and inhaled deeply through his nose.
Sherlock glanced down at the man and raised the gun. He held it as steady as he could, but his hand still shook minutely. He looked over his body, his face, but all he saw was John.
The tiniest bit of blush crept on Sherlock’s cheeks. “In the drawer. I’ll get it.” He reached for the drawer and pulled out the tube, then handing it to John. Applying a generous amount of lubricant to his hand, John then took hold of Sherlock’s now fully hard cock. The detective gasped, his eyes fluttering with a spark of pleasure. John grinned and then began to stroke in long gently pulls. Sherlock pressed himself closer to John, and placed his own hand over John’s own cock. Together they slowly applied a rhythmus motion of their hips and hands and rocked…
A loud crack echoed in the street. Sherlock stopped in his tracks and looked ahead of him. Bystanders were looking around also, some even up to the sky. Clearly the sound came from above, but where was it directed?
this quote: "...he said to tell the one you love that you love them.” The doctor smiled to John, his eyes glistening with nostalgia. “He said you tell them, even if you’re scared that it’s not the right thing. Even if it could cause problems. Even if you’re scared that it will burn your life to the ground, you say it, out loud, and then go from there.”   is from Grey's Anatomy
John let out a shaking breath. “Um, actually no, I didn’t. Which is just pathetic because I’m a bloody doctor for crying out loud. But there were…” John hesitated. “There were abnormal things that caught my attention.”
Sherlock looked up at Molly and gave her a brief nod. She stood beside him, and to John surprise, held out an arm. Sherlock slowly stood up, taking what was actually a forearm crutch from Molly and placing it on his right arm. She attached the other one, and Sherlock leaned forward, gaining his balance.
John turned to Lucy. “You mother told us about Austen and Chaucer visiting, and I can’t believe I’m seeing it now, but Chaucer must be Canterbury, who the police already have.”
A flicker of light caught John’s eye. He swam closer to the boat, and could just barely make out the side of a pale arm drifting away. John fluttered his legs as fast as he could and reached forward. He wrapped his hand around the pale wrist and pulled. Sherlock floated towards him. John glanced at his face only to see Sherlock’s eyes closed and blood seeping from a cut on his forehead, surrounding them in a faint red haze. John wrapped his arm under Sherlock’s arm and around his waist, and then kicked upwards.
“You mean…” John trailed off, the word on the tip of his tongue vanishing for a moment. “It’s obv-ious…”
“Before the graveyard? You were back in London but still stayed away from me?” John asked, his voice stabilizing with every word but gaining a tone of bewilderment and frustration.
John froze for a moment and then looked at him. “We had reservations at Angelo’s, but I guess I could just reschedule them.”
Sherlock smiled and took a step forward. John’s breath hitched at Sherlock’s manner, but then Sherlock seemed to have caught himself, and faltered his steps, stopping in arms reach of John.
Sherlock’s eyes flickered and he looked like he wanted to say something, but instead he only nodded, and then directed his attention back to Lestrade.
He knew a shortcut, one that had low chances of bumping into someone who may not welcome his appearance, or one that foolishly would and attempt at conversation. Of course, this shortcut didn’t always serve its purpose.
“Sher…” John slurred and blinked heavily. He focused his vision and looked around, looking from his bleeding arm to the knife back to Sherlock. His eyes widened as he woke up fully, and stood up swiftly.
“What hurts?” Vanessa asked. John sighed weakly and looked at Sherlock. He felt like an idiot, and would be one in Sherlock’s eyes once he saw what he did. He was being stupid, and was already embarrassed, but the pain seemed to make it worse.
John squeezed his eyes shut, breathed deeply through his nose, and then sat up on the edge of the bed. He couldn’t handle hearing Sherlock’s voice today; and after hearing it every time after his therapy session in the past week, he was afraid he might crack. John wondered why he was hearing voices now, since before the incident at the restaurant, he hadn’t heard any. In fact, he thought he was improving. He only visited Sherlock’s grave once in a while besides on the anniversary, and he was with Mary now.
“If I don’t hear from you in an hour, I will meet you there at the crime scene. It should still be taped off,” Lestrade said firmly.
Sherlock nodded his gratitude and slowly headed to the elevator. He looked over his shoulder, and stared at John, who was lying still in bed, looking far paler and sick than he had just an hour ago.
He woke a few hours later. Sherlock was awake, standing by the window with his back to John. John tired to stretch, but his injured arm was still in the sling, with a fresh bandage over his bare torso. He fidgeted, rustling the sheets, catching Sherlock’s attention. Sherlock turned and faced him; he was impassive at first, but as his eyes traveled over John’s body, his own body trembled and he stumbled forward. Sherlock knelt down and buried his face in the sheets by John’s legs. John, taken aback, hesitantly placed his hand over Sherlock’s back, running his fingers through his curls. Sherlock sighed shakily and blindly reached for John’s hand; he placed his hand over John’s injured arm, unaffected by the sling. John turned slightly to keep his right hand over his lap and in Sherlock hair. Sherlock’s breathing slowly evened out, and much to John’s surprise and relief, he fell asleep.
Victor smiled, and John started to realize it was a little bit of a sad one. “The nurse, Vanessa, is my sister. She told me you saw the visitor log and made an assumption—a hasty one, mind you. I can explain,” Victor paused. John processed everything so far, and then gave him a slight nod for him to continue.
“I’m not going anywhere.” Sherlock replied as he took John’s hand into his own and gently squeezed it. John gave him another weak smile as his eyes fluttered closed. Soon enough, he was asleep again.
The third time John woke up, it was to the sound of someone moving beside him. He flickered his eyes open, but his vision remained blurry. The figure beside him moved closer, and then there was noise. John blinked and focused his vision, and parted his mouth to speak up, but he couldn’t form a word. As he listened closely, the person was speaking to him, but he couldn’t understand exactly what they were saying.
John looked up briefly before smirking. “I’m not surprised, though I would have bet it would have taken a few hours least.”
John shook his head. “The files will be ruined, or go missing. Jack said they have a knack for destroying evidence, and manipulating the ones they need for their favor. Please, just—.”
A black lump of a coat was bunched up on a too small of a chair. The owner’s head lolled against his shoulder; his arms were wrapped around his knees, which were brought up to his chest. Sherlock was sound asleep, his face settled softly with tranquility and calmness as if all the boredom in the world had eased away. John grinned slightly as his vision grew blurry and he succumbed effortlessness into sleep.
John gasped his lover’s name to the ceiling, and Sherlock closely followed, his baritone voice moaning John’s name to his lover’s ear…
John walked into the hospital room, carrying Rosie in his arms. He saw Sherlock in a reclining position, sleeping as he had been doing for the past two weeks. He bounced Rosie slightly, earning a little giggle from her, and walked further into the room.
That night, John suffered a restless sleep. He could barely move with how his arm was placed over the pillow, and with the sling around his neck, he couldn’t get comfortable. Unable to go back to sleep, John reached for the morphine control, only to realize he couldn’t reach it. John clenched his right fist tightly in the bed sheets and he whimpered as the pain trembled down his body.
Lestrade narrowed his eyes. Sherlock sighed. “I’ll refrain from being myself. We’ll meet you at Scotland Yard. Come on, John.”
“As I was saying,” Mycroft continued. “You’ll be transferred in a few days. If you want they can have you sleep through it, as it is quite far. As for you John, you’ll be watched by a team everyday until the situation is dealt with—.”
“Look at me, Sherlock,” John tried. Sherlock continued to breath shakily. John was becoming more upset that Sherlock was crying. He placed his hand over Sherlock’s shoulder and pulled him so he would turn. Sherlock didn’t even bother resisting.
John paused as another tear escaped his eyes without warning and slid down his cheek then falling lonely to the cold ground.
was playing, and memories from his childhood seeped through the present. John had a thing for classic music—rock, jazz, soul—always had, and seeing Sherlock Holmes dance to one of his favourites, well, what he was about to do next Sherlock would have never even considered.
John slotted perfectly between his legs, lining his cock up besides Sherlock’s. The touch sent a shiver sensation down the both of them; Sherlock wrapped his legs around the army doctor but before he could tighten his hold, John leaned back slightly, the lack of touch causing the detective to whimper suddenly.
The man pulled just enough to thrust back into Sherlock. He was surprisingly gently, and once again in one night, Sherlock was fascinated by this man.
John bit his lip, lowered his gaze, and then raised it. “I’m too—I mean…” John paused. He was having trouble with remembering words, and sometimes his thoughts would trail off before he fully grasped them. He cleared his throat as he flickered his gaze to his arms, unsure exactly what he was going to mean. “It hurts…”
John placed a finger against Sherlock’s lips gently, silencing him. “I’m fine. It’s up to you.” He looked intently at him, hoping to convey that it really was all right.
“You have a head injury. You need to relax John.” Sherlock attempted to step forward but John was startled by the movement and stumbled away.
Sherlock met his gaze, his eyes shadowing apologetically. “I, um, you were practically out of it for about four days. A lot has happened…”
Without waiting for a response but only catching a slight nod of understanding out of the corner of his eye, John left without looking back.
“Okay, then. I’ll check with the database, and see what these answers indicate. It’s probably just the concussion. I want to do a physical examine, if that’s all right. It’s just through that door. You can just undress your torso, and I’ll be meeting you there shortly.
Sherlock shook his head but relaxed. “No, they’re from MI6 and CTU. Mary must have informed Mycroft.”
John turned on the lamp and then sat up against the headboard. He faced Sherlock and looked at him carefully. He still had his ring on—during the first week he wanted the take it off, but John managed to convince him to keep it on, and he still had the necklace on, but it seemed most of the time Sherlock didn’t notice it was there.
But it only got worse. John had been overcome by infection, heat exhaustion, and fever for several days, his temperature spiking twice and having to have his body cooled down with a sponge, and then again in a lukewarm bath that sent him cursing anyone who had been touching him. But John barely remembered that. He did remember however, being alone after that, being discharged from the army, and then returning to London, lonelier and in pain than ever before.
John’s tightened with a familiar expression: anger. “You won’t forgive me- for-for dying?” He blurted out, his voice rasping with emotion. “You’re fucking threatening me with a potential grudge yet you’re the one who left me. You died in front of me and I haven’t forgiven you for that! I-I was moving on, but then you came here, taunting me, and now I’m dying! I’m dying and hoping I can see you again but you don’t want me to! I’m all-alone—” John choked on the last word as the tears in his eyes vanished for only a moment before coming back and clinging to his eyelashes.
John grimaced and moved back into his side of the bed. “You need to get it checked—it could be broken—” John started breathing unevenly. Sherlock’s eyes widened and he scooted closer.
Sherlock who he saw at the gravesite, not a hallucination. How the detective knew John would assume it to be a phantasm was beyond him.
Lestrade shifted uncomfortably and then straightened his composure and met Sherlock’s stare. “John’s dead. He has been for almost a month now…”
By the evening, they had switched places. John was at the desk attempting to type with one hand, while Sherlock was in his own chair, stretching his feet out towards John’s armchair. John muttered under his breath and then sighed. Sherlock looked at him, like he had been all day. The man was right; he did seem fine.
Their lips met, and once they touched, they were desperate for more. Sherlock clutched at John’s waist and lower back; John cradled Sherlock’s jaw in his hands, affectingly stroking the taller man’s cheekbones as he kissed him deeply. Sherlock moaned softly, causing John to kiss him harder.
They sat in silence for several minutes. Sherlock’s face became still, and John knew he was slowly going into his mind palace. He waited a few minutes, and once he was sure Sherlock was deep enough, he stiffly sat up and reached for his crutches. He placed them under his arm and then walked towards the bathroom.
Sherlock pocketed his phone and took one long look at John. He quickly leaned down and pressed his lips onto John’s forehead before turning around and leaving the room.
He arranged himself until his legs were hanging off the edge, and then he put his prosthetic on, already close to having a routine locked in, despite having it for only a day. John barely even noticed though. He stood up and stretched, and then changed into fresh jeans and a shirt. The jeans were complicated to put on, and after struggling for several minutes, he took off the jeans and prosthetic, put the jeans on over his stump, rolled them up to his knee as much as he could, and then placed the prosthetic back on. He was already exhausted.
John exhaled. His head hurt and something felt tacky on his forehead. He furrowed his brows, but that only made it worse. He must have shown in on his face because Sherlock bit his lip and looked even more concerned than he had a second ago, however possible.
Sherlock sighed. “So…I have to come up with some kind of plan to get us both out of there and either kill or apprehend Moran? Of course, always leave me with the tough parts.”
He glanced at the man snuggled against his chest, and realized John was still very much asleep. Voices echoed from the hallway, and he recognized Moran’s.
John’s eyes widened and he pushed the form away. “No—. No don’t…please.” He begged. Sherlock gripped his hand.
gravesite, pretending to be a ghost—I-I didn’t realize you knew that I was seeing things before then. You showed up and I wanted to know why but you knew it would work because you saw me—oh my god, you knew! You were right there, watching me and didn’t come back to me sooner! When I needed you the most! Is that what you were talking about? What you hadn’t told me? What else haven’t you told me?” John threw questions at the detective, his eyes glaring.
John shifted his head slightly in a weak nod, but grimaced and furrowed his brows. Sherlock remained where he was as he motioned for the medics. They wheeled in the stretcher, and then stood on either side of John. Sherlock gave John a gentle squeeze in his hand, and then stood out of the way. The medics held onto John as they helped stand him up. His legs shook and he leaned heavily on them, but kept himself from crying out. They led him to the gurney, and he very nearly collapsed onto it; they rearranged his limbs and quickly wheeled him out. Sherlock watched as they left, noticing John was already passing out.
His grasped weakened generously and blood spurred out freely, gurgling out his neck and mouth onto John and the floor. Within the minute, he was dead.
“I can be confident enough that his…fling, so to speak, won’t last. Sherlock is in a tough position now that he has to choose, since now that you’re awake. I know from observation, while you were comatose, Sherlock started to doubt you’d wake up, and his visits shortened and became nearly rare. It’s perfectly normal to feel resentment towards him, but it’s vital on both parts to understand where the other one is coming from, and to work through the emotions just as thoroughly and cautious as physical therapy.”
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows, and then relaxed them. His eyes flickered over John’s face, as if realizing something. John’s heart pounded in his ears, suddenly overcome with nerves.
“Of course.” Robbins left with a soft smile, and John turned back to face the wall. He suddenly needed Sherlock—even if he couldn’t feel him, at least he’d have his voice. That would be enough, wouldn’t it?
John looked at Sherlock’s arm, and suddenly found his eyes were filling up again. He inhaled deeply and blinked a few times, clearing up his vision.
A yell emerged from the bedroom, short and quickly cut off. Sherlock jumped out of his chair and barged into their bedroom without taking a breath or even calling out and asking what was wrong. What he could see was enough.
John watched from a distance as Sherlock circled the main room of the nursing home. There were fairly large windows on two of the walls with warm green curtains tied to the sides, encasing the room with a greyish light. There were a few patients here and there with a visitor, and in the corner was Florence, sitting by herself, and reading a book. John saw a glimpsed of the spine, and recognized the name. Austen.
Dr. Robbins raised her chin and met his eyes. “His kidneys are failing, and it’s not looking like they will recover,” she started slowly.
He left the room with John limping slightly behind them, and both of them put their jackets on. A few people were dealing with the leg and package, as Lestrade was taking notes, and then he raised an eyebrow, questioning the two as they began to leave.
They were gone for an hour, without any problems, but John was tense the whole time, repeating their second day together as flatmates couldn’t have gone more exact to the detail then it did. Sherlock even remembered that he had shot the cabbie the night before. But Sherlock never pointed out their rings, and seemed to have failed to notice John’s anniversary tag around his neck.
“Shut up!” The man snapped. He blinked at his outburst and then leaned back against the chair, darting is gaze to the ground.
“Thanks, Greg. I appreciate it.” John grinned tiredly, and leaned into the chair. Greg nodded and then left, sliding the curtain to give them some privacy.
John crossed his arms over his chest. “So you don’t need me, er, a flatmate, anymore?” he suggested, his voice softer.
Sherlock hummed in response, his want growing on the border of impatience, yet at the same time, bathed in John’s utter and drawn out attention.
“Your fiancé who committed you signed you up for another month. She felt like you weren’t improving, and she had access to your status as well. She knows you haven’t been talking.”
John shrugged, still unable to find his voice. He continued to smile, softening the uncertainty of his well-being. Victor smiled back and patted his shoulder without hesitation.
A blurry figure faced John, but he could still tell who it was. The unruly hair was more matted down as his vision cleared, and the ocean eyes were the first to come into focus. He felt a wave of warmth down his body—it was truly heart-warming.
There was a faint knock on his door, and as it opened, John turned to face them, his hopes rising. Victor appeared through the door, and slowly walked in, his face beaming. John swallowed down the disappointment, and gave him a small grin.
The detective sat up on his knees and began to perform CPR on his blogger. He tilted John’s chin up and breathed into his mouth; John’s chest remained still. He did it again. Nothing.
John shifted awake to a distant sound of ringing. He shifted his body, only for the arms encircling his waist from behind to tighten. John sighed with content and adjusted himself against the pillows just as the ringing stopped.
It was like coming up for fresh air after he had been drowning for his whole life. He had been weighed down and heavy but empty at the same time, and then…John limped into his life. Here was someone more than a friend—it must have crossed over the platonic boundary at some point—but here it was, a warm feeling in his chest at the idea that John cared about him—more than anyone had ever before in his life.
“Sher…” John trailed off and licked his lips. He directed his gaze to the water pitcher, and Sherlock took the hint. He poured John a generous amount of water, and then helped him take a sip through the straw.
“Well I’m sure there is. But you have to find it. I’ll bring you to MI6 where you can work efficiently with my team—.”
John repeated that in his head several times, looking from Willoughby to Sherlock. Sherlock looked at him without an emotion, taking John off guard. “He’s too young,” John whispered.
Sherlock continued to step closer, and within reach, he grabbed John’s arms and tried to bring him closer, desperate to prove that he was real. John squirmed in his grasp and twisted away. He pushed Sherlock roughly back, and stumbled from the loss of support. He lost his footing and twisted his ankle, falling sideways, and hitting his head on the desk. He was knocked out cold.
John starred at him without a surprised reaction. He blinked a few times clearing his vision and remained staring at Sherlock. Sherlock slowing moved his hand in attempt to hold John’s, when finally, his friend inhaled a sharp breath, withdrawing his hand and bringing it up to his mouth, his eyes already glistening with tears.
The door opened, and Mary stepped in, closing it behind her. With one look, Sherlock sighed and turned towards her, composing himself.
John nodded without looking up. It was as if he wasn’t even trying. Sherlock quirked an eyebrow; John glanced up and then sighed.
John sat in the chair, freshly dressed in pajamas and a long-sleeved shirt, after Vanessa had washed him. He looked outside, however his vision was unfocused, and he didn’t notice the wet sidewalks from an earlier downpour or even a man in a long coat wandering around.
John could make out the blob of curls on Sherlock’s head, and slowly his face came into focus. John blinked heavily with exhaustion and he reached out to Sherlock, but Sherlock didn’t take his hand as he spoke. John focused, and he started to catch a few words, but Sherlock was mostly rambling.
“No! No…Sherlock, don’t compare yourself to it! It nearly destroyed me, seeing an apparition of you, walking beside me, talking and responding to me, kissing me—.” John exhaled sharply. “It almost killed me. It would’ve if I hadn’t fought it. It fooled me in the beginning, it has manipulated me but not like the way you have. It was cruel in the beginning. And now…it’s ambiguous; it appears whenever it wants, and medically, it’s just a piece of my memories warped into something that’s not…real. It claims it’s here for me, but I know truly that you’re here for me. You’re the real Sherlock, you’re the one I love.”
Sherlock was rambling on now, clearly distressed about the whole thing. But there was something else bothering him. John eyed his body, looking for any suggestions as to what and why.
John couldn’t think of anything to say. He was overwhelmed—the sitting room around him faded, and when his vision focused, he was lying down, and Sherlock’s face peered over him, contorted with concern.
“Nothing is important to me other than the Work. You were convenient, a friend even, but romance has no place in my world and even though I tried to mean it, I truly didn’t. None of it. I kept it going to keep you at arms length, just until Moran was dealt with.”
“Someone hacked into her account, and planted the history. It’s so easy even John could do it. And he’s not what you’d call a computer enthusiast.”
“Sherlock, I believe it’s just a precaution—his way of making sure his sister won’t have to make any decision regarding…extreme measures…in case anything were to go wrong.
Sherlock let out a shaky breath and leaned against the top of the incubator, pressing is hand against the top just above John’s heart. It looked too much like a coffin, apart from being transparent, and it hurt deep inside that he couldn’t touch John anymore.
John continued going through the alphabet, struggling with the velar sounds but overall, he was starting to feel proud of himself. As the women left, Sherlock walked in. As John got comfortable against the bed, he smiled slightly at him, only to have it fall into a tight smile as Victor followed him into the room.
Sherlock grinned and then prepared their teas. They spent the morning relaxed, however John couldn’t shake off the feeling that something was wrong.
“John—,” Sherlock whispered hoarsely. He closed his eyes, momentarily at first, but then didn’t reopen them.
Ending this was hard and I tried to make it fluffy but I'm so used to writing them together I forget to add kissing and such.... opps
“Boring,” Sherlock said and flopped down on to the soft. He placed his arm over his eyes and sighed dramatically.
John leaned forward until he was pressed up against the open space, the windowsill just pressing below his hips. Outside, there was space where someone could place a pot of plants, or stand—
Robbins softened her face into the expression John had used countless times whenever he had bad news—not the end of the world news, but not pleasant either. “Your fever spiked again, and we haven’t been able to cool you down. This room is cooler than usual, but not too much. You are showing signs of the flu, and the tests show that your immune system isn’t working properly. We’ve given you some medication to improve it, but at this state you could be at risk of getting viruses and infections that could harm you.”
“There’s another chair up stairs, so all I have to do is carry you. We can leave this one here.” John reached forward and placed his arm on Sherlock’s back. Sherlock refused to look at him, but reached up and wrapped his arms around John’s neck. John wrapped his arm around his waist, and his other arm underneath his knees. He lifted him up, stabilized his footing, and then carried Sherlock up the stairs.
John opened his eyes against the blinding light and Sherlock’s face appeared close to his. He caught glimpses of his hospital room, but everything was so bright and harsh, he closed his eyes and whimpered. He suddenly felt cool water envelope him from all sides; it hurt yet at the same time, was refreshing and soft. He trembled and moaned, but didn’t fight back. He opened his eyes once more to see Sherlock above him as his surroundings sharpened into the hospital bathroom. Slowly, John blinked, and then passed out completely.
Sherlock grabbed John by the shoulders and pushed him towards the bathroom. John gasped and tried to squirm, but Sherlock was nearly dragging him, and John’s foot barely grazed the ground while his crutches fell to the floor. He couldn’t run off now.
“Yes it is. I don’t want you here, which means you can’t come in. Reasonable enough. Respect someone’s wishes.”
“Oh, my boys!” Mrs. Hudson gathered Sherlock in a tight hug, his chair proving not an inconvenience. She let him go and went towards John, who stood up and greeted her in a hug as well.
John opened his mouth and yelled, but no sound escaped. He opened his eyes wider but the white-hot pain only increased. He could barely make out a figure in front of him, but the unruly hair and prominent cheekbones were a giveaway.
“Stop saying you’re fine. You. Are not. Fine. You got shot—.” John’s voice trembled, but he sucked in a deep breath and continued, his voice resembling his captain character.
Sherlock didn’t respond but shifted in their embrace and dipped his head further into John’s arms. John took that as a response.
“Yes, John! That’s it—.” Sherlock gave him a long couple of strokes, and then John was coming. He moaned and gasped Sherlock’s name, and after a couple of snapping his hips, Sherlock followed with John’s name in his gasp.
Back at his small flat, John immediately brewed himself some tea and slouched on the end of bed, cup in hand. Almost within the second, a wave of comfort washed over him as Sherlock stood in front of him. He didn’t bother sitting down; John looked up without a second thought.
He walked away, only to suddenly stop and sneeze. He composed himself rather quickly, and continued walking to the entrance of the hospital. Lestrade grinned with amusement and headed to his car.
Sherlock straightened up and looked at John. He pressed his hand against the top, and closed his eyes for a brief moment. As satisfied as he could get, he turned back to Lestrade and walked towards him.
John recollected himself and bit his lip, shifting his hand back. “Snow White is a princess who lives in a forest with seven dwarves—.”
—smile. Sherlock flashed a tight-lipped smile in return, turned on his heel, and headed to the elevator. John caught his arm again and turned him around. Sherlock huffed, irritated, and opened his mouth to speak harshly when John stepped closer—too close—and stood on his toes. He kept a distance from Sherlock’s lips, but raised his eyes to meet Sherlock’s. The doctor licked his lips and looked at Sherlock’s lips for a moment before looking back up.
“Clearly you overstepped your privileges here, Sebastian,” Mycroft said. “I’ll have it filed for investigation, and send it to your bosses.”
“…And so all you have to do is nod or shake your head; use your expressions. Do you think you can do that?”
John paced around the front of the room. He was in a courtroom, surrounded by poinsettias, which for some reason, Sherlock had requested. However, Sherlock was running late.
It was all too much; Sherlock wasn’t in control of his mind at the moment and reasons to keep it from crumbling seemed nonexistent. So he let go. Tears streamed out and down his cheeks as sobs wrenched their way out of his chest. He sobbed, uncaring of anything happening around him.
Seated in his armchair, John buried his head in his hands and took in deep breaths, trying to calm himself down.
John buried his face against Sherlock’s neck, pressing wet kisses along his jaw. “Huh uh…the way you like you huh?” He teased.
A smear of blood covered the left side of John’s head, coming from a cut in his forehead. It wasn’t bleeding profusely, but the alarming amount of red over his face wasn’t comforting. There was a cut on his lower lip, and it was already swollen. The sleeves of his shirt were ripped—he had covered his face as he rolled against the car—and his arms were covered with scrapes and bruising was already forming. As the man pushed him to walk forward, he limped heavily, and Sherlock noticed his shirt was shredded on one side, as were his jeans, a small amount of blood in a few places here and there.
Mycroft nodded. “I’m afraid Sherlock should be the one to explain everything else. I’m only here for a short time.”
Sherlock decided now would be good to put an end to this interaction. . “So I’m going to go shower and when I come back, you won’t be here.”
“Sentiment isn’t the worst that can happen. It may not have worked out for me, but it could for you, especially with a man like John. Tell him.” Mary said, and then dropped her grip and walked back into her house. Sherlock remained standing there for a moment before turning around and heading towards John.
John dropped his head and rubbed his forehead with his hands, like what he did when he had a headache. “I tried to talk you down, I tried and I failed—.”
John opened his mouth and tried to voice the sound. His throat felt weird, and the sound came out elongated, but Mandy’s eyes brightened, which must mean it was a good try.
“Just yesterday. There were supply boxes in the corner by the counter. Canterbury is involved; we just need to prove it. We need to find out how much benzodiazepine Canterbury is buying, and if it corresponds to what he’s selling. Now, in Ellis’s journals, he recorded his wife’s symptoms, and with his experience he concluded she didn’t have Alzheimer’s. But the medical records must have, so she was taking something that caused her brain cells to—to—,” Sherlock clenched his fist and scrunched up his nose in frustration.
Sherlock seemed to leave it at that, and went on to reading the book in his lap. John smiled sadly. It was the Victorian beekeeping book, the one he got for their anniversary last year.
“You tried to flip it,” he realized. John looked up and lightly glared at him, but the expression of utter fondness overpowered it, and he was trying to hide a smirk.
John gasped against Sherlock’s lips as he was overcome by panic. The phantom pain returned and his left leg started to buckle underneath him. He broke apart from him and took a step back, reached for the bedside table to keep his balanced, and lowered his gaze. His brow furrowed in pain, and his stomach churned with nausea. His chest tightened with rising panic, and it was slowly starting to become difficult to breathe.
“I don’t think I’ve seen you here before,” the man said, confidence strikingly bold in his voice. Sherlock kept his stare in front of him, and he responded, simply to drive the man away with a lack of reciprocating the interest.
John didn’t answer. Sherlock was right, and so John reluctantly let go of his coat as the detective opened the door.
John skimmed the papers. There wasn’t much, and most of it was in Sherlock’s hand as he plastered the wall with them. He stood up and stood beside Sherlock, and looked over the papers, catching only a few names and locations, most out of the UK. The causes described of the drug varied, and were minimal, nearly describing any other drug known by the public.
Sherlock clenched his jaw and knelt down. The man’s hair was matted with blood, which was already encircling his head and towards Sherlock’s shoes. He grabbed the hair and pulled. It didn’t budge, and he pulled again, banishing his doubt to the back of his head.
“We won’t know his brain activity yet, but he’s breathing on his own which is…” She paused and looked at him with empathy. “It’s a very good sign.” She calmly explained to Sherlock. The detective merely nodded and stepped closer to John and interlocked their hands.
John situated himself back into bed, grinning slightly from the successful walk. He managed to walk down the hall and back to his room—with Sherlock and Mandy by his side of course—but he did manage quite a few steps without their constant aid. It was truly uplifting, and he found he couldn’t stop smiling.
John stared at him, taken aback, and then he let out a small laugh. Sherlock’s mouth twitched with a grin, and then went back to his food. John sat down in his chair and began eating, feeling a little better than he expected.
“Good. That’s good.” She turned to Sherlock. “I just came by to see how you two were. Oh, and I did the autopsies on the victims, and I think you should take a look, Sherlock.”
Victor nodded once and then strode off, his fists clenched beside him. Sherlock huffed and paced around in a few small circles. He knew this tactic; Victor had done this before. He’d try to manipulate and guilt him until Sherlock was too high and confused to think it through for himself. But now, things were different.
John couldn’t breathe for himself. He didn’t even notice his own fatigue; his strain for air increased after each breath for Sherlock was given. He inhaled and exhaled for Sherlock and ignored the pain increasing in his own chest.
John shook his head, and leaned back against the pillows, closing his eyes as if he was about to go to sleep.
By the end of the month, the last of John’s patience dried out—becoming a complete and utter desert.
John clenched his fists and opened his eyes, glaring at the newspaper that blocked Sherlock’s face. He reached for the cup, tried peeling the lid off, but it wouldn’t budge. He set it down, and reached for the plate. It was a cheese sandwich. Beside it, there was a juice carton and crackers. John reached for the carton and tried to pull it open, but he couldn’t hold it steady enough. John became more frustrated, and slammed the carton the table out of anger. He reached for the crackers and managed to pull the wrapper open with his teeth. However, the crackers crumbled in his tight grasp, sending crumbs everywhere.
“I’m here.” He whispered and shifted closer, wrapping his arms around Sherlock’s waist and leaning him forwards, bringing him into a tight hug. “I’m right here Sherlock.”
John aligned himself with Sherlock, and slowly entered his husband. The two men gasped in pleasure; Sherlock clutched at the duvet and John clutched Sherlock’s hips, holding him still. Once he was fully in, he stopped.
Sherlock helped John back against the pillow, and remained standing for a moment until he was sure John was back asleep, before sitting back down, keeping John’s hand in his own.
John shifted beside him and picked up a plastic cup. Sherlock heard him pour water, and then add a straw before putting it near Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock kept his mouth closed and didn’t acknowledge him.
Sherlock listened carefully, and heard the faucet turn on. The person was washing their face, and then they entered the room, their steps stiff. They exhaled heavily and sat down in John’s chair—
“John!” Mary paused and turned around to face him. “I’m the one who committed you, Mycroft just arranged it. It’ll only be six weeks, at most. And if it really makes things worse, I can get you out.”
Mycroft smirked and then replied in a slow but empty threat. “Are you admitting that you the high-functioning sociopathic Sherlock Holmes has found a way to feel?”
A red dot suddenly surfaced on John’s neck. Sherlock noticed of course, but John didn’t. The detective leaned down and kissed John on the lips, completely sinful and affectionate. John was caught off guard and attempted to break it, however Sherlock’s arm was wrapped around his waist, supporting his stance and keeping him forward.
Sherlock finally looked at him. John’s heart clenched at the sight of him; Sherlock’s eyes were soft and his lip was quivering—John could tell Sherlock wanted to say something, but he was just about to break. John leaned forward and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s, feeling him let out a shaky breath against his cheek.
Before Sherlock could have responded, Moran had raised the gun and fired aimlessly towards Sherlock. Sherlock ducked and headed towards the closest door. A sudden jolt of the boat sent Sherlock falling down the stairs, bullets flying close behind; a fiery explosion suddenly engulfed the end of the boat (someone else must have set off a bomb).
John turned to see Victor walking in. He came up to his bed, and smiled gently, although John thought it looked strained.
Sherlock circled the bomb and looked closer. John followed him. “Please tell me someone knows you’re down here.”
Sherlock disappeared from sight for a minute, and then reappeared, his face contorted with frustration. He walked up to John and whispered harshly.
Sherlock leaned back slightly to catch his breath, and casted his gaze downward. There was a noticeable bulge in John’s jeans. John had caught his breath, and started pressing kiss to Sherlock’s jaw and then trailing his lips down to his throat.
Annoyed, Sherlock barely acknowledged him. Taking only a glance at the man’s feet, he began strutting away. “You should get that limp checked out. Doesn’t look more than a day old.” Without another look, he walked down the hall, but the stuttering man had other ideas.
Sherlock caught Dr. Robbins’s face in one of them, and watched as she knelt down John’s body and began starting compressions to his chest. Sherlock stayed on his knees, nearly pressing his nose to the door as he watched them beat John’s heart.
John became slightly aware and looked down at the tub, and slowly registered what Sherlock said. He lifted one foot at a time and stepped in. Sherlock pushed him down gently until he was fully sitting, the water rising above his waist. He shivered and hunched his shoulders.
John looked back at her. “Afterword’s, I don’t remember but they must had knocked me out again, in the head this time, and I awoke in some kind of cellar…”
“John, yes, harder, oh—” Sherlock let go of the duvet with one hand and wrapped hit around his cock, stroking it in time with John’s thrusts.
“Well help me look for it.” Sherlock continued looking around, and then paused, and looked intently on something remotely faint along the wall. He followed it to one of the seats, and then lifted the cushion up to reveal what was underneath.
Sherlock lifted his chin and straightened his posture. “You’re right. I’m sorry John. I shouldn’t have kept it from you. You deserved to know.” Sherlock’s posture buckled just slightly, and he lowered his chin and gaze. “It won’t happen again.”
The next few days were excruciatingly awkward, at least in Sherlock’s mind. The idea that John might move out despite his pending divorce circled endlessly in his mind and Sherlock blamed it on his irrational fear of losing John.
John sighed and stepped forward, raising a hand and lifting Sherlock’s chin so they could look at each other properly. “Talk to me Sherlock…please.” He whispered.
“Hush, love. Go to sleep,” John murmured gently. The last thing Sherlock felt as he fell into a blissful sleep was a light kiss pressed against his cheekbone.
Sherlock stared at it for a moment. What if John would have sex with him…just as friends? No, that wouldn’t work; they were friends—good friends, his one friend as he admitted when they had that Baskerville case. Having sex would only complicate things. It wasn’t worth the risk.
“No matter what, I still would have been,” Sherlock quietly said. “It was…traumatizing.” John furrowed his eyebrows and remained serious.
John sounded it out silently, and then worked his tongue and throat, producing more of a sigh then an actual sound. Sherlock fidgeted in his seat.
John’s shoulder had tensed, but immediately sagged with relief as he registered Sherlock’s correctness. “I know. You told me.”
“It balances things out. The same medical diagnosis day in and day out can be exhausting, so unwinding with an Austen or a Milton has proved to be quite fulfilling.”
Sherlock started to lock the door, but then it opened in his face. He hardened his gaze as the nurse walked in, carrying John’s dinner. She set it down and then looked at Sherlock for what seemed a second longer, and than closed the door with a clinical smile. As the door clicked, John giggled softly as Sherlock’s face flickered with annoyance.
“You can’t have a session today, unless you eat,” Sherlock pointed. John gritted his teeth and glared at the ceiling.
He napped for rest of the morning, and around lunchtime, John sat beside him and gently shook him awake. When Sherlock opened his eyes, John froze.
“John what are you talking about?” Sherlock asked, his mind blazing with confusion. However, that fire was put out immediately—his heart suddenly racing in his chest as he realized
Sherlock inhaled deeply with anger, and remained silent. He rode the elevator in silence, and quickly existed it onto the main floor. Ahead of him, he could see Dr. Robbins, Margaret, and surprisingly Mrs. Hudson, Molly, and even Mycroft.
John helped Sherlock sit up, gave him his coat and scarf. Sherlock dressed slowly, but kept his eye on John. John led his downstairs, and to the curb. He hailed at cab, said the address, and then helped Sherlock get seated.
Sherlock wasn’t listening anymore, as his reflection in the mirror that was meant for shaving stared at him. He was paler, thinner, and half of his body was covered with fading bruises.
“Sh’lock,” John slurred. His throat convulsed and he coughed roughly; he reached for the mask with a shaky hand and pulled it off his face. He licked his lips and closed his eyes for another moment, before focusing back onto Sherlock.
“Restarting compressions.” The doctor continued them as a nurse took over John’s breathing. Sherlock stayed in the corner, fidgeting, his eyes glazed over and focused on John’s limp body.
“You’ve been jealous of John since the start.” Sherlock continued. Sirens echoed from the distance, increasing with volume, as they got closer. “This was just a petty attempt to reclaim Mary—no, to punish her. After you betrayed the CIA, she helped you so you stayed with her, but then she ended things. After all this time and you couldn’t get over her. So you targeted John and attempted to frame her. Too bad you’re just a computer nerd.” Sherlock sneered again, loosening his grip and standing up just as government officials barged through the door.
“Good morning, Sherlock,” John said calmly. “Rosie’s here; Rosie, say hi to Sherlock. Could you do that, darling? Say hi to Sherlock.”
“Yes,” Sherlock said deeply. The man gently dipped into Sherlock’s entrance and fully settled him in without moving too much. Sherlock adjusted and then rocked backwards, causing a moan from the man’s lips.
Sherlock didn’t know what to say. He continued to stare at his confused lover, who remained still against him as they floated in the water. For once, Sherlock Holmes didn’t know what to do. He was lost. He was exhausted with trying to persuade John that he didn’t die, and that he had been right here this whole time. But his lover had seen the act, and it was tragically convincing it seemed it had broken him.
Lee pondered for a moment, but didn’t make a move when the door to the room opened, and Mary walked out. She stopped in her tracks and her face fell. She glared at Lee then at Sherlock.
“You did research as did I. He began emerging in medical journals around the time of Moriarty’s return. He’d spent time in the army too, which fits Moran’s supposed background: military experience and such forth.” Sherlock explained quickly.
“Yeah, and the doctor wanted me to stay in the hospital for at least another week. I’m feeling fine. I haven’t had a fever since the day before yesterday; it’s under control.”
John clenched his jaw and placed his hands on the railing of the foot of the hospital bed. He looked at Sherlock slowly, and his heart throbbed. He had so much to say, but didn’t know where to start.
Sherlock scoffed lightly and snuggled closer to John. John wrapped his arms around him and kissed the point of skin where his neck met his collar.
John took a shaky breath, sniffled, and then slowly lifted himself up, holding the crutch in his left hand and cradling his injured wrist to his chest. He wobbled a few times, and then felt hands wrap around his waist, holding him upright. He leaned into the touch slightly, and silently allowed Sherlock to help him down the stairs.
Sherlock wiped his face and sniffled; he attempted to sit up, and John wrapped his arm around his back to keep him upright. Something in him must have snapped, because before he could bit his lip or even his tongue, tears were leaking down his cheeks. He bit the inside of his mouth to keep himself silent, and leaned into John’s embrace. John held him closer, and muttered incoherently as he rested his hand on Sherlock’s neck, rubbing soothing circles.
John grabbed Sherlock by the hips and brought him closer. His chest against Sherlock’s back, John intertwined their hands and swayed their hips together. He twirled them and then brought Sherlock back to him and rested a hand over his waist. Sherlock was having trouble hiding his amusement, and was blushing like a tomato now, but he went along with it and twirled with John.
John glanced at Regina and offered a nod of acknowledgement. Regina smiled back, but didn’t say anything.
“I’ll talk to Mycroft, but I don’t think we should confront them, at least not Mary yet. Like Kim said, wait until we have more evidence—.”
John shook his head. “No, I do want you here, I just thought…” he trailed off, and sucked in his cheeks. “You seem bothered by all this. I just thought maybe you’d want a break. I wouldn’t be upset or anything…”
The pair stumbled up and took off down the hall. Bullets were shot at various places, hitting the walls beside them and close at their feet. Sherlock stayed in pace with John, though slightly behind him. They reached the corner and turned just as one last bullet was shot, and John fell to the floor, yelping in surprise.
“It is my business because you have John!” Sherlock snapped at him. “Moriarty was done with! We were done with him, and we were done with this case, and you go and shoot him! I know it was you! You shot O’Brian—sniper skills et cetera. If John had died, I swear you’d be dead by now!” Sherlock huffed and took a step back, realizing he had nearly lunged at Moran. Moran’s confident posture was returning, as was his smirk.
Sherlock took a step back and turned around to face John. John was inhaling with his mouth open, and occasionally he winced in pain.
Sherlock nodded. “Kingston’s in custody. I haven’t spoken to him, but I was going to once I knew you’d be all right.”
“I’ll always remember, John. I…I remember some bits of the past month—not much but a little. And I knew yesterday felt important, but I couldn’t quite find the reason why.”
Sherlock grunted. “John doesn’t know what he’s doing. He has nothing to do with this. It’s just me and you.”
“John!” Sherlock squirmed from his seat, desperately trying to break free. Mycroft witnessed what was happening and called it in: “Target has been abducted! Need assistance now!”
They breathed heavily for a few moments, and then John slowly slipped out of Sherlock and retreated to the bathroom. He came back with a damp flannel, and cleaned themselves down before sliding back underneath the sheets and cuddling up to Sherlock, wrapping his arm around his middle.
