He looked up and his eyes met John's, who returned his gaze with a certainty and a light that had never been there before, and Sherlock knew he would never again regret a single decision he'd ever made in his life, as every twist of fate had led him to this point.
They went in so easily, and Sherlock pressed back into the fingers, welcomed them and silently begged for more.
"He shot at me," John explained with an equanimity he'd only rediscovered recently in Sherlock's arms. They'd made it to the bed by now, where Sherlock was plastered to John like an ivy branch around a tree trunk, and John was thoroughly enjoying the full-on contact.
"Fine. If that's how you want it. But don't be surprised if the staff starts dancing to the beat of their own drums from here on out. You're sending mixed messages." Mike simply wasn't able to refrain from making that last comment.
"Sure," he then agreed. "Next time we can meet in a blue movie house. I would have thought you'd prefer the ambience here, but if not I stand corrected."
"You'll allow me to have my own opinion on that count," John said, beckoning him closer with his forefinger.
"Not a peep. Not during the whole drive. I've no idea what's going on in his head at the moment," Mike admitted, his face creased with worry.
"Given the fact that I'm spending a large portion of those proceeds on you, I'd shut up if I were you," John cut him off, but he seemed to be amused, and Sherlock allowed himself to breathe a little easier. "But I'm not so surprised anymore that you're such a smartarse. You must have always been like that."
"Several reasons." Mike returned Sherlock's gaze soberly. The next words took more courage than he'd thought they would. "You're a good guy, Sherlock. You work hard and you've always been loyal. And you deserve for him to treat you decently in return. Just because you're dependent on him at the moment doesn't mean that you have to let him do whatever he wants with you. And that's why I'd stand by you, even against John. So if there's anything... you can come to me. That's the first point. The second one is that I... no matter what John's done or will do in future... I won't let any of it come before a court. If you need help, Sherlock, I'll help you - even against John - but I'll make sure you don't drag him in front of a court."
Sherlock glanced at the glasses on the table, half lost in thought. "A roleplay. It's never really... but I thought John might like it." He sighed softly.
I don't know if I will be able to post the next chapter on Monday as usual. Because... London is calling and Hamlet! - I'm coming!!! I can't promise that I will have internet access. But I'm home next Tuesday evening and if I have to, I will post it then – with a delay of one day. I hope you will/can forgive me.
"Always so undisciplined..." Greg murmured from above him with a hoarse sigh, and Mycroft's cheeks flushed in shame. Greg's next words cast things in a new light, however: "That is soooo hot," he panted, his fingers flying faster and faster over his hard shaft. "All because of me... how you... lose control for me... God... so... so... hot... yeah... YES!" Greg groaned, and his sperm sprayed all over Mycroft's stomach.
"If you'll tell me now where I can take you?" Bridges asked again. "I can go round the roundabout a fourth time, of course, if you'd prefer..."
John shook his head, smiling gently. "I'm not going to punish you, Sherlock. I have something else entirely in mind." Then another thought occurred to him. "Where's Mike, anyway?"
A hot pink tinted Sherlock's cheeks. "Yes," he blurted out breathlessly. "I want you only to want me."
"John..." Sherlock implored him after not too long. "Please... let me come...I... I'm... now... oh, pleeeease!"
Mycroft sighed. He should have known that this Detective Inspector was one of the persistent ones. As well as one of those who always had to find the reason behind things. But he seemed to be the only logical person to talk to about his concern, and he still believed that. At least he knew he could count on Inspector Lestrade for a certain degree of diplomacy and tact and perhaps even complete discretion.
John regarded him wordlessly. If he'd ever needed confirmation that Sherlock wasn't telling him the whole truth about himself and his half-brother, Mycroft, he'd received it now in Sherlock's continued refusal to leave the house. There was something rotten in Denmark. It pained him that Sherlock apparently didn't trust him enough to admit his fabrications. But if that was the case, then he had to accept it. There was no way he was going to push Sherlock on this. He should come to John with the truth when he was ready. John could wait. Although it was a mystery to him where he was getting all the patience from that he needed for Sherlock. He'd never been known for such long-suffering equanimity as he was displaying now.
"Churchill was said to have dunked his cigar in whisky," John remarked casually. "What do you think? Good idea or not? Although all I have here is cognac."
Greg nodded. It came across as grim. "I love this town," he declared out of the blue. "And I've had a really bad feeling lately... It hasn't got any better with Donovan's appointment. I think... if... anything's gone wonky in London... or is going to go wonky... then you're the only one I trust to set it all to rights again. And you're probably also the only one who's actually in a position to do so." His nod seemed thoughtful this time. "At the same time, I can't shake the feeling that I'm not going to like the way you go about it. Still... there's something rotten about this Donovan, and if I can... help you... then... I'll do it. You can count on me."
A pleasant shudder trickled down John's back, and he hurried to get to his laptop so he could search the internet for blue linens.
No one knew that just then, while Mycroft Holmes was on the phone with his mother, the dustmen were destroying valuable evidence by transporting the contents of the rubbish bin containing the waiter's apron and the gum to the next incinerating plant.
"Relax, Sherlock," John said, caressing Sherlock's hip with his thumb in what he hoped was a soothing way, just at the spot where his bone stretched the skin taut. "This is for you. Just for you."
But Irene ignored him and kept going: "Do you remember the last time you didn't want to believe me? When I guaranteed you he'd come back for you? And? Did he come back? Was I right?"
The breaths came closer and closer until the first cautious contact between Sherlock's tongue and his glans was the only logical progression; strangely, it felt even better than the electric shock he'd expected.
And now John was here in front of him, and fate was going to take its inescapable course. Sherlock would rather have watched from the gallery and left the lead role to someone else.
"Of course you didn't come to me in person," Charlie said. "As if the great Doc Watson himself would... but someone came to me on your orders... " He struggled to take a breath. "Someone with instructions... money... the pictures you found at my place... no one was supposed to know... that was the deal... no one..." His voice became weaker and then died out altogether.
Just a few days after their first conversation, John had Dave and Naresh pick up the mayor again and bring him to the same bungalow he was already acquainted with. He himself was driven there by Bridges, and arrived - intentionally - about fifteen minutes after Mycroft Holmes.
"No, I think you've said more than enough. Have you shared your thoughts on this particular issue anywhere else?"
it, you did tell me. Yes, Mummy. I... I'm sorry to bother you, but... Of course - please give the vicar my regards. Yes, Mummy, I... no, don't hang up!" Mycroft breathed out a short sigh when the connection remained intact. "I'm sorry for wasting your time... Yes, I should have come directly to the point... Yes, I know you hate nothing more than meaningless chit-chat..."
"Disappointed?" John asked with a smile, as if he knew which ensemble Sherlock had been dreaming of... in fact, he might really know. John was shockingly clairvoyant today.
A burning pain flared up like a spurt of fire on his left thigh. Sherlock didn't have any time to recover before the next stroke came down. He sucked air in between his teeth, hissing, before John raised the riding crop again.
“Yes - and I would have taken the greatest pleasure in representing you in court!” Mike declared fervently.
His gaze turned away from his fantasy (slightly embarrassed: he shouldn't watch so many crime dramas on the telly with John, things like that ruined one's character) to focus on John's chest.
"Okay, that's enough," John said roughly and pulled his fingers out of Sherlock's arse as carefully as he could. "That was totally..." One final shudder ran through the slender body, and then John felt a kiss on the palm of his hand. He fell silent, unable to finish the sentence he'd started. He took his hand away from Sherlock's face, feeling both surprised and a bit off-balance, and listened to the heavy breathing which slowly began to normalise. "That was completely..." he tried again, but he could not for the life of him think of an adequate description or appropriate adjective for what had just happened. In the end he simply cleared his throat. "If you'd rather..."
Sherlock stared at him, open-mouthed. His pupils were blown open so far that his normally pale eyes appeared almost black. The clear fluid now ran uninterrupted over the head of his penis.
Thank you all for your wonderful, kind, heartfelt comments. I have the best readers in the whole wide world (web).
While Sherlock showed the two men the invoices and receipts and explained where the manipulations and deceptions were, he kept glancing worriedly at John's face. Disconcertingly, he couldn't read anything there. The only signal was a long, deep furrow - boding nothing good - that remained embedded between his eyebrows the entire time. Still, John listened carefully and attentively to Sherlock's explanations, interrupting only when he needed something clarified, and even bickered a bit with Mike over whether anyone could be trusted anymore.
Greg couldn't help the little smirk that appeared on his lips upon hearing those words. "I'm sure you'll think of something."
Sherlock regarded his full plate with extreme distaste. He didn't feel like eating. How did John - his dark look not boding well - ever manage to wolf down portions of this size? It was truly a mystery. Once Jacques made himself scarce, John set his phone aside and turned to the next course, his appetite undiminished despite the fact that he'd put away quite a lot of the appetiser.
Sherlock prodded the slit relentlessly with his tongue. Teased and stimulated John's glans and finally scraped his fingernails lightly over John's tightened testicles.
John didn't let him finish. "Enough of these old stories." He stood up. "It's late. We should go to sleep."
He'd already held out for an hour, and he was probably going to have to hold out for another hour, for as far as he'd been informed, Irene had pencilled this client in for just over two hours. Irene actually hadn't originally intended to give him this client, but two of the other boys – the ones usually held in reserve for this man – had cancelled, and she'd had to fall back on Sherlock, as none of her other employees came into consideration for such a long spanking session. And as this was a very good customer, Irene wanted to satisfy him no matter what, even if she had to send in Sherlock – whom she'd gone easy on lately for Doc Watson's sake. Sherlock, on the other hand, didn't know this client and didn't care who he was. At least he didn't lack a certain flair with the various spanking implements he'd applied to Sherlock's rear end.
Trust... How did one trust another person? He didn't know. How did Doc Watson do it? How had he managed to place his trust in Mycroft's brother... no,
"Inspector Lestrade," Miss Morstan replied with an equally friendly nod, despite the fact that she was preparing to put on her coat and Greg's appearance was highly likely to endanger her chances of being able to leave work soon, even at this advanced hour. "I was rather hoping it would be
"This is different," Mike set him straight. "He's doing work. Being useful. And not just a bit. At least pay him a little something."
Sherlock's brow furrowed and he crossed his arms over his chest. "If he needs to be pushed... then I don't want him."
John's hand on his erection, stimulating him gently yet relentlessly, John's hard length which continued to go in and out of his body until he couldn't separate the hammering rhythm from the wild beating of his heart … until he fancied he could feel John's pulse in his most intimate place.
Mycroft shook his head indignantly. Was he comparing himself to a mob boss now? Was he even using him as a standard? How low had he sunk!
Sherlock would rather have died than become party to John's execution, for that's precisely what it was. He didn't want to live if it meant having to see John's cold, soulless body lying there in that forest of bricks... motionless and dead forever... He would rather have died than bear witness to Moriarty's triumph, to see the greed and lust for death flare up in Mary Moran's eyes and turn on him. Moriarty might even have forced him to take John in his arms, or staged some other disgusting scene with them before he'd let her kill him.
Mike’s brow creased. “Yes, but... don’t you think that’s a bit of a tall order?” he asked with a small, uncertain laugh.
The level of his anticipation and curiosity hovered somewhere between scant and non-existent. When a client reserved one of the private lounges, a quickie or a nice little spanking wouldn't suffice. It usually meant complicated explanations from the client, tiresome role-plays - such as tycoon and secretary, doctor and patient, pilot and flight attendant, teacher and student – and tiny cocks.
Sherlock had often thought it would be a good idea to use John's bedposts in a very particular way, and tonight his wish was being fulfilled. He stood at the foot of the bed with his arms and legs apart, his back facing out toward the room and his wrists and ankles enclosed in broad leather cuffs. The cuffs were attached to ropes that John had knotted to the tops and bottoms of the bedposts before getting Sherlock's beloved riding crop out of his walk-in closet.
"Sherlock..." He spoke very calmly now, slow and clear. "Your safeword... if you want to use it... then do it. If you want to break this off, just say so... all you need to say is '
Then the mayor braced himself and stood up. "I need to be going. The press conference," he said shortly. "You'll hear from me."
Mike had to exercise quite a bit of self-control in order not to smack his friend on the back of his head right there in the entry hall. That would have been a field day for the servants. He settled for a stern, long-suffering look and said, "I believe I already said I didn't want any details... do you need it in writing or something?"
"Jason... I need that favour you owe me... I'll be sending you a picture in the next couple of days. The man in the picture is Charlie White. He's dead, but that's irrelevant. I need to know where he hung out in the two weeks prior to his death, and who he had contact with. I..." Sherlock wrinkled his nose. "What... who this is...? It's me! Sherlock! I always took that client off your hands who disgusted you so much because he was ginger."
"OUCH!" Thomas cried out louder than necessary. "Anthea hit me!" He appealed to Mrs Turner for help.
now. Your desire, your lust, your pleasure... all mine. I'm the one who controls you now. The one who decides when the time is ripe to
your first... you never would have had all that experience otherwise... all the skills... the ability to command the entire spectrum of pleasure and pain so masterfully... I am the beneficiary of the fact that there were others, and that you could try things out on them and perfect your technique." He scooted closer to John and kissed his scar, following a sudden impulse.
It wasn't too obvious, especially because Moran never bragged about it, preferring to remain in the background behind John. To John's mind, that was bloody clever. Moran's successes were subliminal messages... information that didn't scream out its presence but that was nevertheless visible to all concerned. He was certain Moran was just waiting for the right moment to play his trump card and make John look like a failure. This made him more aware than ever that he could never count on the police again, and Donovan was dead certain to be working with Moran in some capacity. At least John hoped that it was
"That..." John said slowly, taking another sip of his drink, "… is something I have to talk to you about."
SwissMiss and I decided on this kind of biscuit because… well… At first I simply wrote “Ginger Cookies” but SwissMiss came up with the idea of “Ginger Nuts” and… it fits!
A knowing smile passed across Irene's red lips, and her eyes lit up. "Oh! Is the good doctor Watson examining one of his private patients at the moment? Perhaps he's taking his temperature? With a big... long... thermometer?"
Dave and Naresh exchange an incredulous look, then tried unsuccessfully to cut off their grunts of laughter.
"You're dripping again," John said. It sounded hoarse and slightly breathless. "Or... are you coming?" John's tone of voice was stunned... aroused... lecherous... stern. "Are you trying to ejaculate?"
John, who had never looked at him askance, and who was permanently surrounded by the faint aroma of gunpowder, metal, and gun oil.
' after a while, only to promptly break out in tears again. John's self-control hung by a thread. His balls felt hard and swollen, and he was afraid he was going to come in his pants like a teenager if Sherlock held out much longer.
"How many are there on your household staff?" Sherlock couldn't help asking, even as he remembered that John hated being called
"My pyjamas." Sherlock blinked down at himself, bewildered. Yes, they were. Those were his pyjama bottoms and one of his old t-shirts that he still wore to sleep in. "You said I should..."
Greg stared angrily out the window. "I was just one floor up. Was it too hard for you to climb the stairs?"
And anyway, Sherlock quite enjoyed being able to see the direct signs of John's lust (without them being concealed, obscured, and hidden by a perfectly cut inseam). Like now, for example.
do, by the way, since my days as a patrol officer are over and the boys on the streets really need that modern stuff more than I do."
Sherlock heard the other man's breathing change and felt one of the hands let go of his arse. The quiet panting was now accompanied by the typical slapping sound of masturbation. When roaming fingers slid down into the crack of his arse, Sherlock tried to relax completely. Bound and gagged as he was, he didn't have much choice.
The car's windows were tinted, and Sherlock's view of London as it passed by was hazy. Five minutes ago, his life had been fine. More than fine. It had been practically perfect. He had felt one last lingering ray of sunshine on his face, and the fresh air had caressed his skin. A liberating, almost child-like, utterly wonderful laugh had formed in his chest... ready to erupt... ready to be expressed. And then... he gave the woman beside him a good, long look.
"They're civil to me," Sherlock broke in tonelessly. His hands had ceased massaging and now rested motionlessly on John's hips.
? It was too much already! The rod moved again. Slid up only to be pushed back down right away. Sherlock gasped out loud. Too much? No... not nearly enough! He'd never felt so helpless - so much at someone's mercy - and yet he'd never enjoyed so much being a plaything to satisfy another man's lust. No... not just any man... he enjoyed being a plaything to satisfy
... no games,” John panted, with some effort. “Just open your mouth. The next time you can … take as much time... as you want.”
He grumpily tossed the thin cover off and groped for his dressing gown with his eyes still half-closed. He finally found it on the chair in front of the window, put it on, and went to the door. When he opened it a crack he found himself eye to eye with Thomas, who had his hand raised to knock again.
“You went too far, John,” Mike said, returning to his main point. “This time you really went too far.”
He'd never been so thankful that Sherlock really was soft in the head. Soft enough to stay with him. It was true what Sherlock had always said of himself: he wasn't very good at doing the right thing or making decisions that were good for him. Those faults, however, were directly responsible for Sherlock still being here, so John wasn't about to start complaining. Sherlock also wasn't particularly successful at taking care of himself. But that wasn't a problem for John either. Taking care of Sherlock and caring for him was his job... his duty... his privilege.
John shrugged once again. "I know. What can I say? For some inexplicable reason, I've taken a fancy to you," he said lightly before taking a deep breath. "Aren't you the least bit curious what your reward might be?"
He parted Sherlock's buttocks with both hands and stared greedily at the small, winking hole. Still a little red and dilated from their earlier activities. He stroked it gently with one finger and the muscles gave way immediately. Sherlock gasped for breath and held stock still. Only a faint whimpering could be heard. John took his finger away again and smeared some lube on his erection. Then he placed the head of his penis directly against the pliant, flexible opening and entered Sherlock with a single jerk.
Sherlock watched, curious, as John withdrew three small objects from the inner breast pocket of his jacket and laid them on the table beside Sherlock. A box, a small pump spray, and something that looked like a tube of gel.
"Poked you while we were kissing, did it?" he guessed. "You really do have sensitive nipples," he teased. "And at least one of them was going to be even more sensitive pretty soon..." His hand smoothed over Sherlock's coat, scratching his chest briefly.
Sherlock, who was struggling against physical intimacy like a cat against water, whose heart was racing while holding John in his arms like this, who continuously asked himself whether he would always be of importance to the doctor.
Finally, he couldn't bear it any longer and told his secret to Mycroft. He was very considerate about it, not being mad at Sherlock for stealing away at night to go to the surface, nor for revealing himself to a human. As it turned out, he knew who that man was, and he knew where he lived. He had once known his father when he was younger and so he took Sherlock's hand and rose from the water with him to show his little brother where John lived and worked. Mycroft told him the human was often seen in a hospital where people were healed and Sherlock spent many a night and many an evening outside the hospital where it was connected to the shore and looked up through the windows and the shadows behind them. Whenever he saw John, his heart would beat a little faster.
. No pigeonholing, no labelling, no problems – just feelings between them. Even if John had tried to ignore it up until now – he couldn't suppress it anymore. Sherlock meant so much to him, so incredibly much, and he knew his heart belonged to the detective.
His hands roamed over Sherlock's chest, slow and exploring, caressing him, pushing the shirt off his body. John pushed it over his shoulders, kissed the newly freed skin, every single inch. His fingers explored every dip, every muscle, every scar. Beneath him, Sherlock shivered due to all the new sensations.
With a kiss to Sherlock's navel, John straightened up and shifted backwards on the bed. He knelt between Sherlock's spread legs, the toes of his bare feet already curling, his usually pale skin rosy, and his chest heaving with a quick rhythm. John smiled, leaned forward and whispered into Sherlock's ear, "You're beautiful." He hoped it hadn't come out blurry.
He stole out of the palace where everyone danced and sang gaily, and he sat down on a rock in the palace garden, thinking of John.
The Consulting Detective got up, slowly walking towards John. He put a gentle hand on his shoulder and when his blogger looked up, he said "Come with me". John couldn't hear him and yet he understood. A smile tugged at John's lips when he saw John's confused expression.
Slowly, John retreated a bit, turning towards the door. His hands sank back to his body and he was about to stretch his legs and put them on the floor when warm fingers touched his, pulling him back into his former position.
But this promise stayed unfulfilled for Mycroft never told Sherlock when exactly he was grown up. If it weren't for their mother, he would have swum up to the surface already but he didn't want to worry her any more. However, this didn't keep Sherlock from swimming out of the palace at night, and looking up to the surface longingly, watching the blurry forms of ships passing by, or the dim light of the stars.
But underneath this happy façade, John Watson wasn't well at all. Several months had gone by and he still couldn't hear anything. He was extremely restricted because of that – working in the clinic again was impossible, and he couldn't help Sherlock with cases because he didn't hear what was going on, thus becoming a useless millstone around the Consulting Detective's neck. Though they had their sign language, communication still took too much time. When John had a question, Sherlock would of course answer it, but because he always talked so eloquently and thorough, the simple explanation of the cause of death took ten minutes. Ten minutes that Sherlock could have spent deducing.
, after Mycroft had found him a suitable bow to play it with. The wood never moulded, and the strings never broke. Sherlock elicited the most beautiful sounds and melodies from that instrument, his fingers merely hovering over the strings, dancing over the fretboard with unprecedented elegance.
“God, Sherlock.” John framed his face with his hands and pulled him closer, noses touching. “This is the best possible gift you could have given me, you git.”
Their kiss continued to keep going although it often seemed like it would end. John or Sherlock would withdraw a bit but when that happened, the other was pushing forward again, both reluctant to end this kiss, their very first.
John smiled softly and whispered "Sherlock". He would have loved to hear his flatmate's voice but it wasn't possible.
"I was shot," he explained, "and I think I need to get this wound cleaned." He tried to get up, but failed. "It just hurts so much." With a pained sigh he lay back down, accepting his fate that he would probably have to stay here forever.
"So it really was just temporary," Sherlock stated and cursed himself for saying the obvious. But John didn't care. He didn't even care
The only thing that worried him, though, was his temporary deafness. How should he answer Sherlock's question concerning medicine if he couldn't hear them? How should he always be up to date?
And then the day came when Sherlock couldn't hold himself back anymore. The idea of swimming up to the surface, breaching it, and finally seeing what everyone was raving about, became too tempting for him. One night, he silently left his bedchamber and the palace, not looking back once. The sea was as dark as the night sky in his brother's tales but Sherlock found his way quickly. He never took a wrong turn, just kept swimming and swimming, the glowing of the palace disappearing beneath him with every mile he swam.
“Well,” he begins, “just imagine – what would our lives be like today if I hadn't bumped into Mike some years ago? Or what if I hadn't got shot? What if you hadn't talked to Mike about needing a flatmate?”
John turned his mobile off with a smile and snuggled up under the duvet. This text would steal Sherlock's thunder for at least a little while. The consulting detective still wasn't used to it that John expressed his fondness for his best friend, even after all those years they lived together.
Sherlock sighed and touched the bow to the strings again after a bit. What was wrong with his flatmate? A sad melody floated through the rooms of 221B Baker Street. It went through the walls, dancing at the ceilings, playing with the curtains and bore it's way into Sherlock's heart. Melancholia.
He pulled Sherlock into a hug and kissed him on the mouth. Sherlock cupped his neck and pulled him down into the pillows.
Sherlock sighed, and then he gave an explanation as to what had happened and John looked at him with sadness. "Do you love me best of all?" Sherlock finally asked, his heart beating wildly.
John chuckles. “I know, you prat. But that's not the point. The thing is, if a thing had gone differently in our lives, just one tiny little thing, we would not be where we are now. Don't you agree?”
John felt the music flowing through his fingers and into his veins, spreading through his body and massing in his heart – filling it with warmth and causing John to feel so overwhelmed that he had to let go of the bow, clutching at Sherlock's hip. Sherlock paused for a moment but continued playing, slower this time but still with so many emotions he had stored for months, years,
They were a crazy pair but John couldn't have imagined a better life. He wasn't angry at Sherlock, just sad. Disappointed. His hearing had vanished for an apparently indefinite period of time and it still was unknown whether he would regain it. But he wouldn't be John Watson if he didn't look ahead in an upbeat mood. At some point, he told himself, he would be able to hear again. And he was sure that Sherlock would help him with that.
Gently, he rolled Sherlock and himself over so that he was hovering above Sherlock, kissing him on the forehead. "Trust me," he whispered, and Sherlock nodded.
Three months passed and Sherlock and John perfected their sign language. They could communicate at crime scenes, without exception. While Sherlock was rattling off his deductions, he simultaneously translated them for John. If he had questions, he silently asked them, always receiving an answer.
After a while the embrace dissolved on its own, both taking a step back. Sherlock stared at the ground. There was nothing to say against a quick hug in a friendship – but
Then John's smile became a wicked grin, and with a "And now I can finally hear what kind of noises come from your gorgeous mouth" he yanked off Sherlock's pyjama pants and pulled the blanket over the two of them.
The man, for it clearly had been a male human, wasn't afraid of him, and he hadn't been surprised – just happy. His violin playing had apparently caught the attention and the admiration of the blond man who was shorter than the other human beings Mycroft had told him about. Sherlock knew he should be afraid and hiding from mankind, yet there had been something special about the young man. His appearance… his eyes, of such a deep, deep blue, just like the blue when the sea was troubled during a storm. His mouth so thin and yet so friendly and open. His hands so small and strong at the same time. His posture confident and brave.
When John was fully recovered – apart from the problems with his ears – Sherlock immediately started dragging him along to every crime scene available. John did understand this; after all Sherlock had neglected his work for the sake of caring for John.
"I know exactly what you like," said the sea witch, "and I can assure you that it is a very foolish idea. But you shall have your wish fulfilled for it will bring you grief and unhappiness and this is what I want. You want to get rid of your tail and have to legs instead so you can walk like a human, and have that doctor fall in love with you." Irene laughed out loud, and Sherlock was terrified of her for a bit.
John sighs and rubs his hands over his thighs. “Listen. I already said that I would still be that lonely soldier with a hurting leg and a bad shoulder had you never entered my life.”
Yes, they had been in a relationship for seven months. Yes, they were happy together, very much so, and Sherlock had turned out to be much of a cuddler – to John’s surprise and pleasure. They had shared several kisses, sweet and soft, passionate and wanting. They held hands whenever they deemed it appropriate, and they hugged at least twice a day.  More, if Sherlock allowed it. At night, they curled up together in Sherlock’s bed, bodies pressed close together, feeling the other’s heart beat.
Sally knew she was privileged to witness the small moment of happiness. She knew their current felicity was hard won. She’d played her part in the debacle with Moriarty, forcing Sherlock to jump from the roof of Barts. She hadn’t seen the devastation that action had caused John first-hand, but she’d heard about it from Greg. His worries had eased when Sherlock had returned, but they hadn’t gone away, not completely.
The afternoon passed horrifically slowly, filled with bouts of gout and thrush and a four-year old with a severe case of food poisoning that resulted in a lot of vomiting. John didn’t think his shoes would be salvageable.
"Dissolving stitches. I'll need the crutches for a week, Laura says. Then, if I can hop on one knee without pain at two weeks, I can drive and get back to work."
"Because you owe me. You should have told me the truth. Sherlock isn't asexual, he's gay and he's pining for your husband."
John feels obliged to see the positives, pointing out. "She is trying, you know, in her own way. She did come to see Pichler with you."
I force my legs to move. It's the longest walk, to sit down across from him. This man, once the centre of the universe, my universe, one that is now crumbling down around me.
This time, Janine manages the half turn on her heels and her right foot steps out alongside his own right foot, allowing him to finish the turn, positioning her right hip into contact with his own as the next sequence of steps starts.
Why would he need to be treated with extra respect? The Swiss staff have been nothing but respectful and attentive. I assume he's just being his usual self and doing his damnedest to prevent others from ever getting the idea that he'd deign to become a patient. He's acting like a guided missile, wanting nothing more than to walk out the doors of this hospital and never return.
"Well, if we are to look the other way when it comes to the absence of a formal lease, then I think we've all compromised enough, don't you? It's a win-win all around."
"Congratulations!" On autopilot, Janine says it, while dampening down her own maternal hunger. There is something in Mary's manner that unsettles Janine but she can't put her finger on it. Maybe it's not about Sherlock, and she's wrong about why her boss is interested in Mary. "Why does Magnussen want to talk to you? Why did he send that message to you at the wedding?"
has been built. I wait. Call me when you are ready to leave, and I will collect you here." He pulls up at the
What he needs is a case to get involved in, to get John involved in, to convince John that this is what they were meant to do, together. Dangerous, a good old-fashioned serial killer perhaps? The thrill of the chase, something to get the blood pumping through their veins, just the two of them against the rest of the world ...
The Russian stops but does not turn around, and snaps, “My feet, your feet — doesn't matter. Don’t look down. Look up, look elegant.” She strikes a pose: arm up, fingers splayed elegantly across the back of her head, radiant smile.
He's at the tail end of the huge rush when things start to fall into place. Whatever dirty deed Mycroft had done in Georgia has come back to haunt him. The Mystery Man is certainly blackmailing him about it. Could it be Magnussen? The man has form for it; Lady Smallwood is only the latest in a long line of suspected cases tied to his name. The head of an international media empire is able to extract all sorts of things from people who are leery of seeing something appear in a newspaper. Not mere money; Magnussen gets off on the power of it and as a way of influencing decisions beneficial to his business interests.
“May I?” he wanted to sound suave and poised, but panting the question was a dead giveaway, and John grinned.
John watches Mike process what he is saying, desperately willing him to seriously consider the idea. As the seconds tick away, the quiet waiting room becomes far too bright and way too loud.
We roar off up and over a bank of snow heading for the cycle route that serves as a cat-track during the winter months.
It's five o'clock in the morning and he hasn't been able to get an ounce of shut eye since two. He finally gives it up as a lost cause, and gets up to gets up to fix himself a coffee. The flat is weirdly empty and quiet. For not a very tall man, Jim takes up a lot of physical space. When he's not here, Sebastian feels unsettled, unable to relax. Not for the first time since Jim left him with his trousers around his ankles in the garage, Sebastian wonders just what the hell his game is, and why he is being kept out of things.
And with that Sherlock experiences the first true moment of pleasure since this whole dammed fiasco began — Mycroft hanging up on him in annoyance.
John was in his usual chair, notebook open, pen in hand. Sally Donovan, who’d been promoted to Detective Inspector just over a year before, sat across from him in Sherlock’s leather chair. Sherlock had been pacing the flat, camel dressing gown flaring out behind him, using the closed case file in his hand to gesture broadly as he spoke.
The doctor closes the folder and meets my eyes. "There was no sign of head or spine trauma, initial diagnosis confirmed by his first examination here. X-rays show a fractured seventh rib on the left side, but no other broken bones.
It had not taken him long to tire of that role. Even after Uncle Rudy had retired to the south of France, Mycroft had leveraged his own intelligence and that of his sister into an asset of unimpeachable authority. His initial success was linked to her, but his discontent with being just that meant he had expanded the realm of his work beyond the boundaries that Rudy had set. It was just as well; she professed to be utterly bored by Uncle Rudy.
John ducks his head to hide the faint blush he feels starting to warm his cheeks, and grins. “Yeah, well, I was in a bit of a hurry, and he was going to slow me down.”
Now is that moment. If he fails, and Moriarty's shot kills him, well, at least the man will still be exposed for the fraud that he is. Sherlock knows he has pushed Moriarty as far as he can, taunting and goading him. No matter how the Irishman has parried with his braggadocio; he is still on the back foot, not knowing the whole of Sherlock's plan.
"Edgar isn't here to take your place. There isn't an infinite amount of free time in our lives. As I have pointed out many times, he helps us have more time free of pointless logistics and chores."
how he feels when he gets anxious enough and can't vent it, or he gets bored and depressed at the same time. Depression, for him, is a paralysing state only at its worst. In its milder versions, anxiety and restlessness reign.
My first impulse is to laugh, but then a gust of anger hits. "I really don't think there's a need to tempt fate twice."
Sherlock's eyes narrowed. "You'll have to be a little more specific than that, even if I do have perfect recall."
“To the best of my knowledge, he had not. After a life-threatening overdose six years ago, he had recovered his sobriety and had remained clean for the entire time he was consulting with the Met. I believe that he found the work very fulfilling and although he did not express it, that he was quite grateful to Detective Inspector Lestrade for the opportunity,” he proffers Lestrade a look of gratitude.
Watson avoids his gaze and everyone else's but Mycroft catches Sebastian scrutinizing the crowd. He wonders how this interaction will go since Holmes hasn't seen him since his obvious "defection" to Jim's side but he provides Sebastian with nothing more than a slight lift of his chin and the barest of supercilious arches of eyebrow. Mycroft Holmes is definitely unamused, but skilled enough to hide it.
He's walking down the corridor of his Mind Palace to the set of double doors at the end. As he pushes them open into the ballroom, an all-wooden structure that imitates in a grand scale the inside of a violin, complete with skylights in the shape of f-holes on his Guarneri violin.
Before he allows Sherlock to break cover, John runs his eyes over the perimeter and up the trunks of the trees. It would be just like Moriarty to have secured snipers as extra insurance. Not today though, John thinks as he doesn’t find anything out of place amongst the bare tangled trunks, nor anything of concern in the boughs of the trees save a few curious rooks that have settled in the highest branches, their blackened feathers ruffling in the wind.
The psychiatrist shifts her leg on top of the other. "I hope you won't find it patronising if I say I am very pleased about your progress regarding Violet. At least during our joint session, you remained relatively unprovoked and defended your feelings in a manner that still gave her room to express hers."
"Okay. I get that. Will you talk to Pichler about the avalanche?" 'Since you won't talk to me', I am tempted to add.
Sherlock has caught glimpses, tiny little cracks in the armor in Moriarty's earlier work but they don't add up. Some of the intricate plots had been just
"Things are good," Sherlock summarises. "Settling down. The new unit has been opened, the research project proposal has been approved, hiring done and now, at last, we are getting to the part of doing some actual research."
“Yes, I am the best thing that’s happened to you.” She giggled self-consciously. “Sorry. It’s just that… oh! Sir! Excuse me, sir?”
"We don't have time for this, John. You were a soldier. You know that there are times when action is required. This is one of those times. Do this for me now, and if we survive, then I'll answer any question, tell you anything you need to know. Just not now; there is too much at stake—not just you and me, but governments, airlines, passengers, national security. He has to be brought down and this is the only way to do it. You have to trust me."
When he gets back in the car, John places the phone on the blanket in Sherlock's lap. "Looks like someone didn't want to be followed."
A glance at the clock reassures you: seven o'clock. The odd light gets you out of bed; the cold makes you hiss a breath in when your bare feet hit the floorboards. Two steps to the window and the curtain is pulled back to reveal a surprise.
He looks away, "You chose her. I chose to respect who I thought was bringing you the happiness I denied you."
“Don't you think that would be horrible?” John looks at Sherlock, expecting him to show at least a little pity. No, not pity, John doesn't need pity. Empathy, perhaps.
When the surface was so, so close, Sherlock spread out his arms next to his face to quicken up his speed and reach his goal faster.
Fortunately, John's head wound didn't need to be stitched up and he only required a bandage. All in all, the doctor made off lightly and was feeling much better after some hours of sleep during which Sherlock sat next to his bed.
John's hands trembled in the air when he asked this question and he had to swallow when Sherlock hesitated, his lips forming a thin line. John went through various plans of escape in his head should Sherlock's answer be negative. Should he move to escape the awkward atmosphere that would doubtlessly come? Should he stay and act as if this talk had never taken place?
It is a fact that John makes him happy, he thinks, and if he hadn't met John, his life would still be dull and boring. It sometimes is tedious nowadays as well, but less so whenever John is around. John, John, John. His doctor, his blogger, his flatmate, his friend.
John can't hide the smile that tugs at the corners of his mouth and he just gives in. He smiles warmly at Sherlock, but it falters soon enough.
Then Mike suggests that John should get a flatmate, and John agrees, and then he meets the most brilliant man ever and his world is turned upside down.
John's eyes fluttered shut at the first touching of his lips against Sherlock's, a shiver ran through his body. He felt how Sherlock inhaled sharply and didn't breathe out again, holding his breath. He probably didn't even do that consciously, simply because he was nervous. So John started breathing carefully through his nose to show Sherlock that everything was fine.
We understand each other without words – isn't that what people find so romantic? Isn't that what everyone tries to get and sometimes need years in order to achieve? SH
When John finally answered after what seemed to be an eternity, Sherlock almost dropped his mobile—startled by the ring tone. He needed a bit to compose himself, especially after the confession he had just made. It cost him an incredible amount of effort to find the bravery for such a feat. He, the emotionless Sherlock—love is a chemical defect—Holmes.
At least that was what John thought. Sherlock, though, was more than happy with their solution. He could talk to John; they had something connecting them. But he never told John. And therefore, John soon felt as useless as some months before.
he knew. But he didn’t want to overwhelm him, didn’t want to risk anything. The Consulting Detective was, after all, not very experienced when it came to relationships and love, and John didn't want to scare him away, maybe even lose him forever - so he left the topic of love alone.
It was obvious that Sherlock wanted to be with John, but it was also obvious that he needed legs for such an improbable feat. Yet he didn't know how to exchange his tail and fins for legs and feet. He didn't even know if that was possible.
John hesitantly took the envelope which carried his name in Sherlock’s curly, elegant handwriting. He gently opened it, his heart beating wildly in his chest. He’d have never thought that Sherlock…
There had to be another way, and if possible, they needed to find this solution quickly. John shouldn't return to disappointment and feeling useless.
Sherlock looked at John expectantly but he just swallowed heavily. His fingers hovered above the keys of his mobile for a bit until he finally settled on an answer.
John opened his mouth but closed it again soon. He didn’t know what to say. Sherlock apparently didn’t, either, as he thrust an envelope in John’s face and looked away again.
It was true, Sherlock loved John with all his heart. He who had been someone who hated the idea of love, calling it a defect, his meeting John had turned his world upside down, and he still cherished the memory of his lips against John's forehead. "I shall visit the sea witch Irene," Sherlock said to himself, "whom I have heard so much about. Everyone is afraid of her, but I am not, and I know she will be able to help me with my problem."
The genius looks up after a minute or two and stares at John with that intense gaze of his, fingers tented beneath his chin. “Why would you think about questions like these, John?” he asks, truly wondering about John's reason. “We are here now, this is what counts, is it not?”
since he was able to actually write something. They'd been extremely busy the last few weeks, but his readers wanted to be kept up-to-date. And what better way to spend a day off with doing just that? But apparently, Sherlock didn't think so.
During the next case, John's mobile buzzed in his coat pocket and when he threw a glance at the display, there was a message from Sherlock with all the relevant facts for this case. Whenever Sherlock had a question or found something, he grabbed his phone and texted John. This way, he could follow the investigation properly.
Sherlock took his hand and swallowed once before he knelt on the bed as well and locked eyes with John. He'd said they understood each other without words – now it was time to prove that.
They started talking about this and that, and finally John decided to give Sherlock a bed at his place so he could stay there, all the while wondering where his fish tail had gone, but never asking. They spent two wonderful weeks together in which Sherlock was happier than he ever had been, although the pain in his legs constantly reminded him of Irene's ultimatum.
As morning turned into day, bells of the churches close to the shore began to ring, and a number of people came running down to the beach, crying John's name. Sherlock quickly jumped back into the water but not without looking back at John once more. The human stared back, waving with his hand and whispering a "Thank-you". And if Sherlock was not mistaken, there stood an "I hope to see you again, mysterious creature of the sea" in his eyes.
It became a habit that they were texting each other all day long. While Sherlock consented to do the shopping at Tesco's and actually
John lowered his mouth to Sherlock's nipple, noticing how sensitive the detective was, gently caressing it and eliciting another moan out of him. He couldn't hear it but he felt it.
"Are you okay?" John asked without a sound by just forming the words with his lips. Sherlock nodded once, hesitantly, then once again with a bit more certainty, grabbing John's wrist with his free hand. His thumb wandered to the pulse that was beating quickly under John's skin. Sherlock's own pulse mixed with John's, evidence of them being alive, of this being real.
"Hey," he murmured, "John, don't go to sleep. Stay conscious. Please. The paramedics will be here soon, hang in there!"
And maybe it was the song, perhaps it was coincidence, but John did feel better after a while, and he smiled—the blue of his eyes so warm and soft that Sherlock felt he could swim in them just like he could swim in the ocean, his home. Looking into John's eyes felt like returning home, and Sherlock found this to be a peculiar feeling.
The detective's brow furrowed in a frown. John usually insisted on accompanying him to crime scenes and even his missing hearing hadn't stopped the two of them from catching several culprits.
When the kiss finally did end, Sherlock increased the pressure on John's neck, keeping him close. He didn't want to lose the warmth around them, didn't want the moment to end.
Sherlock stared at his mobile as if he had never seen it before. John's text had put him into a state of speechlessness that he wouldn't emerge from any time soon.
Sherlock told him to stop and wait, then went to fetch his violin case. He carefully took the precious instrument out of its case and returned to John who looked at him with wide eyes. Sherlock handed him the bow and he took it, frowning.
Sherlock made a dismissing gesture. “I looked at my phone and it told me it was Valentine's Day but that’s not the
But simply thinking about all scenarios was enough for him. Knowing that his other self would sit at home, peacefully reading a book, maybe playing with his children in another universe, made him happy and gave him the strength to endure another day at war.
John knew that Sherlock was currently collecting all the information he could gather, and he gave him this time. Plus, he quite liked to be kissed so thoroughly.
And then John felt Sherlock's tongue on his lips, hesitantly feeling its way only to quickly disappear in Sherlock's mouth again.
"You hardly play your violin anymore," John's voice suddenly resonated from a corner. The words were still slurred but it got better.
John immediately reacted, stretched his legs and let himself fall backwards into the pillows, hands roaming over Sherlock's torso, his neck, his sides, just to return to his hair, playing with the curls. Sherlock lowered himself a bit, chest touching John's, his legs framing the doctor's.
The Consulting Detective was able to elicit the most beautiful melodies out of his violin and John gloomily remembered how much he had enjoyed them. Whenever he suffered from a nightmare, right at the beginning of their friendship, Sherlock started playing Tschaikowski and Bach in the middle of the night, John's favourite composers. The doctor was fascinated by Sherlock's own compositions as well, closing his eyes enraptured when
Sherlock signed in their sign language and John complied. He stood behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around the detective's thin waist, resting his head against Sherlock's back. The way they stood there together, it almost resembled a hug. The already small personal space between them had shrunk even more after the explosion and was now barely there at all. John still depended on Sherlock although his eyesight was functioning perfectly well. Touches had become regular between them, and if one hand touched the other a bit longer than necessary, neither commented.
Sherlock pushed him back into the pillows gently and whipped out his notebook in which he had written everything about the incident and handed it to John. While the doctor let his gaze roam over Sherlock's fluent script, his brow crinkled in a frown. He looked up, blinked once, twice and gestured a writing motion with his hand. Sherlock handed him a pen and couldn't help but notice John blinking repeatedly.
Nothing gave Sherlock such pleasure, however, as to hear about the world of the human beings up above them. He kept something with him that he took great care of and had found it on the bottom of the sea floor, apparently fallen from a ship. He had looked at it intently and found that it produced sounds when one picked at the strings that were taut over its wooden carcass. Sherlock had no name for it, and chose to call it
.” John closed the laptop's lid, knowing that arguing with Sherlock would be his downfall anyway, and looked up. “What is it?”
Far out in the ocean, the water is as blue as the sky on a bright summer's day, as blue as a cornflower's petal when it shines in full bloom, and as clear as the purest glass one will ever find, very much like the glass used at court. It glitters warmly when it reflects the warm rays of the sun, and appears peaceful and calm.
"But," John continued and placed a tender hand on Sherlock's, "I want you to play the violin at my wedding, for you play so beautifully that I can never get enough of it."
he could hear again (most likely the cochlear nerve had recovered from the concussion) – the only thing that counted was
Sherlock stares at him, mouth opening and closing twice before he actually says something. When he does, it is merely a whisper. “Me too, John.”
"As a matter of fact, I do," Sherlock answered, his eyes carrying a certain yearning as he looked upon the waves.
The night would last for at least three more hours, Sherlock knew, and he wanted to stay with the human. So he retrieved his violin, and played, all the time keeping an eye on the human who looked pale during the night and even paler when the sun ventured upwards.
The sea king Mycroft had been a widower for years, and had yet to recover from the death of his beloved wife. He drowned his sorrow in eating cake, day in, day out, so that his old mother kept house for him. She was a clever woman but disappointed in her eldest son, so she placed all hope into her youngest child.
"Mycroft," Sherlock asked his brother one day, "can't I do anything to walk with the humans and have an mortal soul like them?"
Sherlock comes to a conclusion. He calls upstairs for John, and he immediately comes into the living room. As expected.
“Sure,” John answers and clears his throat, nervously licking his lips. “And I'm bloody glad it turned out like that.” He hopes to elicit a smile from Sherlock but fails – his face is still the cold mask he always wears. “But – Afghanistan always got me thinking, back when I was still a soldier. I was always wondering how I would have ended up if I hadn't joined the Army, if I had continued to be a doctor in a hospital, not on a battlefield.”
Sherlock smiled, trying to ignore the pain that still took hold of his legs and walked closer to John. "I am glad to finally see you again," he admitted, taking in the beauty of the young man before him.
Sherlock inhaled when John exhaled, his hand wandering from John's wrist to his jumper and clutching. The kiss was shy and soft, almost chaste and yet Sherlock was as nervous and uncertain as never before. Their hands were still intertwined although John was sure that he was stabilising Sherlock more than the other way round.
Sherlock pulled back, but only a little, and continued to stare John down. “It is,” he stated, “Valentine’s Day.”
"John," Sherlock breathed, knowing that John couldn't hear him but his breath on the doctor's neck was enough to make him shiver.
John had to admit that he was missing their work. Watching British soap operas or bad American comedy with subtitles on telly day in day out wasn't
Eventually, Sherlock let John take control again, his arousal very visible when John let his gaze roam over him. Sherlock was shy and John didn't want him to feel uncomfortable at this next step. He kissed him on the mouth, intertwining one hand with Sherlock's while pulling his pants off and doing the same to Sherlock. Sherlock's eyes were closed and he breathed heavily into John's mouth, tugging his lips over John's without really applying pressure. He was too distracted by all the sensations pouring down on him.
Occasionally, John's finger would flip up to his right temple, moving them quickly as if he was brushing off dust. He then connected thumb and the other fingers to a triangle.
Sherlock understood, almost laughed, and intertwined his hand with John's that was resting between their bodies. John's hand wrapped around them, starting to move up and down gently, and he kissed Sherlock again. Sherlock's pupils were huge, his irises barely visible.
Slowly but surely Sherlock started to become frightened. It was an irrational feeling and he hated it, yet he couldn't do anything against either the panic induced quickness of his heartbeat, or his ragged breathing. "John, please, talk to me!"
John was quiet at first, silence stretching out between them like an unwelcome guest and then he heaved a sigh. "I do. Sherlock, God help me, I do. But I am to wed Mary, the daughter of the king here, and there is nothing I can do about it."
He traveled the kingdom, to cities far and near, and played for the sea folk who lived there. They admired his music, and they admired him, and Sherlock soon became the most famous merman in all of Baker Kingdom.
When John leant forward again, Sherlock mirrored him, approaching John's head tentatively while his eyes flickered between John's eyes and his lips. Their noses gently touched, they felt the breath of the other on their lips. Nobody took the first step, however, so they just sat there, eyes locked in an exchange of fears and hopes.
The stars were shining down upon him, and Sherlock wished he could fly to explore the sky, but he was content with being on the surface for now. He gently flapped with his fins and swam closer to the shore, carefully looking around. He didn't want to be seen by anybody although it was highly unlikely that there was a human out on the beach at this time of night.
Before he could lean down and pepper Sherlock's body with more kisses, however, Sherlock reached out for John's jeans, tugging at them questioningly and John understood. He quickly stepped out of his jeans and let Sherlock explore his body. His hands mapped everything. John took this time to kiss and caress Sherlock as well, pleasuring and fondling him.
Every once in a while, however, he heard a little whistling sound, similar to the sounds when someone was suffering from tinnitus. His heartbeat accelerated whenever that happened. Usually, he ran downstairs to Sherlock to tell him about that but as soon as he gestured toward his ears, the sound vanished as quickly as it had appeared. The pitying look on Sherlock's face John never saw, already turning and running upstairs into his room, fighting back his tears.
Irene's potion had lost its power and Sherlock felt his fingers tingle—finally able to move them again. He reached out for John who took his hand and walked with him into the water. They submerged together and once John's breath was gone, Sherlock kissed him deeply, allowing his fingers to dance over John's chest like they danced over his violin. His tune, which once had healing powers, and his fingers as well in this moment, healed his sandy-haired human and John could breathe.
“You're the best thing that could have happened to me!” John finally blurts out, eyes wide, mouth open. “Don't you
"But remember," Irene continued, "that you will never be a merman again once you have taken human form should you fail to captivate him. Either you win the doctor's love and marry him, or your heart will break on the next morning and you with it—forced to become sea foam."
John didn't know how much time had passed during which they sat opposite the other like this, touching only at their knees and the wrist. It could have been seconds, it could have been hours. Time didn't matter. What counted was Sherlock.
. John Watson wasn't somebody who wept easily but he could only watch his passion slipping through his fingers and wasn't able to stop the tears rolling down his cheeks. He turned away so nobody would see him – but Sherlock wouldn't be Sherlock if he hadn't noticed.
"Morning," he greeted him and kissed him softly on the forehead. He then crawled over him to his side and turned so they could face each other.
"John?" Sherlock's voice was questioning, a bit scared. What was wrong with his colleague? Usually he assured him that he was fine and answered every question Sherlock asked when he was injured. But again there was no reaction. Now it was Sherlock who frowned. He stared at John, tried to read his facial expressions and find out what was wrong. John blinked and stared back. He opened his mouth once but closed it again immediately.
"The avalanche did affect his group. Two skiers were caught in it, and he's in the helicopter with the first one they've pulled out, headed to the hospital in Sion. I guess it was useful to have a doctor immediately on site. I'm getting Philippe to drive me there to pick him up."
John drains his glass and smacks it down on the bar, slipping off the bar stool. If he stays any longer, he's going to need a lot more alcohol to numb the pain. The unwanted tang of guilt sluices through the two beers in his system, causing his (seemingly always of late) simmering anger to bubble over.
Quickly, he hustled back inside and shut the door, nearly tripping up the steps in his effort to hurry back upstairs. He shut the door, glancing over his shoulder before carrying the white package and the card inside.
"But with a British flavour. Check all flights leaving the USA for UK destinations that will be in the air at three o'clock our time. And then because he's a sneaky bastard, do the same for three o'clock Eastern Standard time."
Fortunately, the chief of neurosurgery seems delighted to see him. "John, brilliant; so glad I managed to find you before you go home. You weren't at your desk, but I ran into Hale who said you were probably down here."
"It's a turn of phrase, Sherlock; I didn't mean it literally. Just tell them to inform you if there's anything they lack in terms of resources. Or if they have suggestions or feedback."
Shoving that thought away, he takes them along the bird’s path, until the tangled undergrowth makes way to reveal a sheltered clearing. Sherlock touches his shoulder again, saying quietly, "The Gibbet Elms used to be here; the last one fell in a storm in 1907."
"Yes," he replies curtly and straightens his back. Her enthusiasm makes him uneasy, and he realises his body language must be conveying the anxiety that is coursing through his veins.
"We all want to be remembered, yeah? You will definitely be remembered…" he rushes to add "…for all the
As soon as she puts the phone down, Janine starts to worry. What is Magnussen's agenda? Why does he want her to mess up Sherlock's life like this? Janine is surprised at the fact that she is feeling protective towards Sherlock, but it is true. Ever since this whole damned game of CAM, making her befriend Mary, pushing her into this strange relationship with Sherlock…what is he after? It all makes her feel so used. A pawn in someone else's game, and it is frustrating as hell.
"I assume you will want to explore and present the benefits to King's to your superior," Edgar says simply. "If he is a man of sense, he will favour those benefits over personal annoyance."
I'm told that the slope is too steep here for a caterpillar or snowmobile rescue, so they are sending a sledge. The My144 app has automatically provided the patrol with the exact GPS coordinates. After telling the American to keep watch and warn off any other skiers, I kneel back down beside the victim to recheck his vitals. Now I start to do a visual check to see if I can identify any obvious breaks. His left ankle is turned in an abnormal position, almost thirty degrees from the vertical, held there by his boot still attached to the ski—it has to be a dislocated fracture. The ski trousers make feeling for pulses impossible; unclipping the boot from the ski is possible, but if the fractures are compound, the movement could sever an artery, damage a nerve or worse. Then again, the limb being in such an awkward position is likely compromising circulation. Having never been presented with a patient in this situation, I am a bit unsure of how best to proceed. I check his pulse again, and his respiration rate — no worse than before, but he hasn't regained consciousness. His nose is likely broken but not bleeding profusely; the trickle has already stopped thanks to coagulation and shouldn't be clogging up his lower airways. John would know whether I should move him to the recovery position even though he might have a spinal fracture. Anaesthetists tend to have slightly different priorities from surgeons.
"You are absolutely sure, aren't you, that the timeline you have of Moriarty's life in Ireland is complete?"
would have gotten past his guard. Whatever tours Watson had done in the army, he was still just a common-place army doctor whose skill set was nothing compared to Sebastian's own close quarters battle training courtesy of his time spent in Her Majesty's Special Reconnaissance Regiment. He should have been prepared for the unexpected (but apparently not out of character), violence. All of these games must be starting to mess with his head …
Despite his best efforts, Sebastian's nostrils flare as his body desperately attempts to suck in additional oxygen to feed his increasing heart rate. Jim's black eyes pounce on the movement, Sebastian's weakness, his tell.
The sweat and damp skin aren’t enough. This isn’t enough. Sherlock reaches blindly for the bedside table and the bottle of lube that hasn’t seen the light of day (or night for that matter) for the past two months. He presses it into John’s hand. John blinks, looks at him as if without seeing, then takes the bottle.
John drops the phone away from his ear, staring at it in disbelief.  Then he puts it back up to his mouth again. “You tell Mycroft I want to talk to him, and I want to do it
She takes her time to reply. "Yes," she says, a bit hesitantly, but then continues with more conviction: "Yes, I would, very much so."
Sherlock considers the man standing before him, angry, annoyed, and decides to (self-preservation never being one of his stronger traits) goad him further, “If there is something you want to say to me John, you should go ahead and say it.”
Once John descends back to his chair, Sherlock draws a grateful breath. "Maybe… distract me this weekend?" Is it his fault if his eyes glance away from the kitchen down the hall to their bedroom? Perhaps not.
She waved her hand in the air, trying to catch the attention of someone behind John. He felt them approach but didn’t turn, choosing to take the opportunity to study Mary surreptitiously. On the surface, absolutely nothing seemed different. Her blonde hair shone in the candlelight, and John thought she’d maybe tried a new style. It was pulled away from her face, curled harshly and cemented to the side of her head, making all of her features stand out sharply. Her eyes, lined in dark eyeliner, flashed as she spoke to the waiter and her mouth pulled into a tight smile.  Had she always been so
Entering the mogul zone just in front of the shadows, I keep my head level, letting my knees take the strain to keep the skis in contact with the snow. At one point, I have to cut so sharply that I'm almost horizontal; my left hand dips into the snow, and there is a great cloud of powder that rises enough to catch the sunlight.
"You saw genius where there was genius. You saw potential where there was potential.” Sherlock is being uncharacteristically forgiving—a rare word of praise that surprises Mycroft for how grateful he is to hear it. He turns his head away from the fire to look back at Sherlock, searching for a trace of irony or scorn, but finding none.
"I can't deny that he could be really useful, and I doubt people who are that dedicated are very common, not even in his field. You know it, and I know it. I have no principle that dictates we have to sort out all the chores and household stuff. If an assistant for you can give us more time together, then I'm all for that."
The obviousness of the statement should be grating, but it's odd how someone giving words to things in Sherlock's head feels… reassuring, instead. It's a nice change that someone pays attention to his mental state instead of brushing it off as had been the habit of his parents. "John has accompanied me to many such functions. I should just follow the example he's given in navigating them."
He's looking out the window, waiting for the coffee to cool just off scalding point, when his phone buzzes. Knocking the macchiato back in one long swallow, Sebastian pulls the phone out of his pocket and unlocks it. No password is needed; Jim had sorted it for facial recognition six months before Apple had first marketed this option.
A row of startled faces turns in your direction — patients waiting patiently in their chairs, the usual collection of elderly, mums with children, the occasional male of working age, trying to get the sick note that will keep them away from work.
"Will he be willing to examine your motives, or simply lash out at what he'll see as an attempt to control him?"
Placing his bag on the living room floor he gets to work. He has three devices leftover from his bugging operation of Mycroft Holmes’ townhouse
The sun, now having sunk even lower on the horizon, has stripped any illusion of warmth with it, leaving the cold and damp to settle in his bones. Sebastian can still make out the form of Holmes standing off the right, and somewhere there must be Watson, but they are no longer important. Nothing is important anymore. His focus has narrowed down to this moment, on his knees beside the body of the man who has been his world, his whole world for so long.
Doctor Pichler asks each member to share new developments in their lives since they had last gathered. The first mother, Yvonne, is struggling with organising the school runs of her autistic daughter, her neurotypical son and getting to work on time. Violet learns that Thea, her youngest, deals very badly with new people and that's why Yvonne, a single mother with a high-powered law career, is having to chauffeur her.
"Sherlock, no. Alright, you said some pretty… unsavoury stuff, but you were well within your rights to defend yourself. Sounds like he tore into you before you had said anything
In fact, when John manages to get to his feet, swallowing at the sour whisky bile that rises in his throat, he wonders how he will be able to consume any beverage at all before it makes an unwelcome reappearance. Yet, Mycroft is as good as his word. When John settles wearily into his chair, there is a steaming mug of tea on the side table. The man himself is sitting in Sherlock's chair as if he owned it.
Why can't John be this interested in what he attempts to discuss? Especially when he specifically informs his husband that he wants to converse on a topic? The way John had dismissed him on the phone yesterday still smarts and Sherlock doesn't quite understand why — it hadn't been a response to the topic, just to him. By the time John came home from his night on call, Sherlock had already left for work. Maybe he should have texted John last night to ask him how the work was going? Had John's tetchiness been caused by a perceived lack of empathy from Sherlock over his predicament? Sometimes, navigating his relationship with John raises so many questions that it makes him unsure what to do or say next. At least Doctor Pichler is clearly indicating her interest.
He appreciates her assurance, but he isn’t as convinced. From experience, he knows that John’s stubbornness knows no limits. He heads downstairs to disable the doorbell and promises to remove the door knocker at some point in the middle of the night.
room, at least that was what it was until he had left. Then it appears John had moved out. Back into his own room, taking all his stuff with him. And John has spent most of the last forty-eight hours holed up there. By some unspoken agreement, they both came out for dinner last night — takeaway — but that’s it. Sherlock assumes that’s what John has gone off to pick up now. But he’s far too wary of John to assume anything at the moment.
He can't be blasé about 103 dead and another 34 in critical condition. Those deaths will weigh heavily in the investigation that is almost certain to be launched within the next few days.
This is all too depressingly obvious. Nightmares—he'd come back from Afghanistan with a whole stable full of the blasted things. The dead men he'd failed to keep alive, the ones on the operating table, the trooper fallen on the roadside who he'd been unable to save because a sniper's bullet had found John's shoulder—they came back at night to haunt him. The wound had been more bearable than the damage to his soul. He didn't need the army doctors to tell him that his limp was psychosomatic; every night he wrestled with the specters of ghosts. Every day he'd been crippled by his memories of his failure.
The door to the morgue opens, drawing their attention away from each other as Molly re-enters, clutching three take-out coffees perched on a cardboard tray. She’s got that same concerned expression on her face she had when she left.
I regain my rhythm, grateful for having had the guide's advice. Going off piste here without having years of experience of reading the snow conditions in the Alps would be a complete lottery with survival.
"The Steadman CEO was here yesterday. He seemed pleased with our progress," states Sherlock and signs out of his computer.
Despite the delay, I press on with my plan, making my way from the station to the top of the Tortin tour. Once a black run, this has now been reclassified as an
"I'm with Joe again. It's good for me, I guess, but he's useless with Julie. He told me the other day I should stop wasting money on all the autism stuff, that she'll grow out of it, that it's just a fad to fatten therapists' pockets."
Actually, it's not. The best moguls are over in the Chassoure-Tortin runs, but I have no intention of telling this Italian crew where to go, except to get out of my sight as fast as their skis will carry them if they start getting in my way. I hate skiing when there is a pack of people all starting at the same time,so I loiter, hanging back a bit, waiting for them to go first. Over the years, I have learned that there is a brief moment when the initial crowd has gone off on their runs before the next gondola arrives with yet more skiers. In that window of opportunity, it is possible to feel that I am alone on the slope.
“Wa alaikum assalaam,” the man returns, smiling widely, “and upon you be peace. You speak Maghrebi Arabic?”
"I couldn't tell you how to get him to communicate. Talking has never been his strong suit or something he has sought out to alleviate his anxiety."
Sherlock stared at the latest text from his mystery communicator. A picture was attempting to load, but because of his remote location, was doing so aggravatingly slowly. He growled, shaking the phone in frustration.
In truth, he had known even less of the language before the case in Marrakech, but Mycroft's fluency in Arabic had put his own to shame. So, he had set himself the task of learning some passable phrases when they returned.
Sherlock may have sore shins, but it hasn't stopped him from being quick: propelled by a mix of pain and anger, he's already through the doors and halfway across the waiting room to the exit by the time I get out of the restricted area.
John notices she hasn't screamed for help and is grateful for that fact. He strides quickly to the kitchen window and snags the cord that holds the blind in place. Grabbing a kitchen knife out of the block, he gives one forceful yank and slice. The cord comes free in his hand as the blind crashes down.
since he has taken a full breath; a breath where his lungs could expand all the way without catching, without feeling like the ribs caging them were about to shatter around the weight of his grief. And he doesn't trust himself to take one now. The footsteps reach the hall, pause in the inky darkness just outside his door, the silence stretching on forever. Deliberate; it's an announcement begging a question.
Her companion gives her a smile. "Well, if the news is anything to go by, this nutter is targeting transatlantic flights, so you shouldn't have anything to worry about."
The thought of Stella Wolfson chiding his mother for underestimating him is delightful — and a reminder that the Lady is not gullible or easily bossed around. He considers the praise he has just received and decides to accept it, albeit warily. He can judge his own scientific and surgical performance, but it can be eye-opening and useful to hear how the very few laypersons whose opinion he respects view his work.
Sherlock nodded. "It may be the only opportunity I ever get to put in place the things that are necessary if I'm to do collaborative research."
"No," Sherlock replies. He wouldn't put it past John to somehow get Edgar to promise he'd rat him out if he refused the patches and bought cigarettes instead.
, Sebastian mutters under his breath as he cools his heels in a holding cell, a guest of Her Majesty in the Marylebone High Street station. Sitting in the middle of the long bench at the back of the cement room, his eyes fixed on the cell door, Sebastian has all the time in the world to ruminate on how he comes to find himself in this situation.
He can’t think to say anything past those words. Shock, he’s probably in shock, he thinks numbly. He's not dared think it could
"I'd say keep it as a souvenir, but you won't be needing it once we are done here. Prison inmates don't need them." Sherlock’s tone of voice is loaded with sarcasm; it's almost like he's provoking Moriarty.
Suddenly Sherlock pauses mid-bow, dropping his arm. He doesn't turn around, but John feels caught out in the silence all the same. He’s not blind, nor deaf. He can hear the pain in the notes, he knows that the man is hurting. But his own hurt, fueled by his anger, is just too large to let anyone else in, to let him feel anything for the person who has hurt him so badly. So he closes his eyes and turns back towards the stairs leading to his room. The flat stays silent as he climbs.
Just shy of his thirteenth birthday he made the mistake of tackling a four storey Georgian townhouse that seemed to have a more elaborate security system than most. Perhaps it was the challenge that attracted him, so he watched the place for days, before one afternoon he'd spotted his chance, slipping in a back door left open by a cleaner. He'd hidden in an under-stairs cupboard, amongst the mops, brooms and general debris. He'd waited until all noise in the house stopped, and the kitchen light he could see under the door went out. He then went wandering. Having collected a few items of silver from the mantelpiece in the sitting room, he had strolled into the study only to find the owner, relaxed as can be, staring back at him from his chair by the fire.
John crosses his arms and shakes his head. Sherlock may be content to chase ghosts, but he’s not going to do it, too. There are too many things unresolved for John to be deflected. If he gives in now, Sherlock will use this as an excuse to ignore everything that has happened.
His phone pings almost immediately, and he reads out, "Fourteen hundred flights cross the Atlantic every 24 hours."
I'm hot and a little bothered, but the end is in sight. Ahead, around a rocky promontory that forces the track to narrow, I can clearly see the concrete dam. The track is about thirty meters above the surface of the snow over the icy lake. On my right side, the slope rises steeply. A few pine trees poke through the snow, but most of the terrain is bare rock.
"No." Branger looks stricken. "I've just finished speaking with his family back in the Czech Republic and dealing with all the paperwork. It is
Sherlock matches it. “It would have worked, you know. Now we have to do it the hard way.” He lifts his chin toward John’s bowls of soup. “Better tuck in before your soup gets cold. Then it’s back to work.”
The reference to John makes blood run cold — Moran couldn’t possibly have captured John, could he? A shiver makes his way up Sherlock’s spine adding to the tremors still rocking his body. He forces himself to sit still as Moran snaps on a pair of blue nitrile gloves and reaches into his dry bag. He pulls out an item that Sherlock knows intimately.
John seems thoughtful before he offers, "Chest pain. Shortness of breath. It's not always fatal, Sherlock. Often, it's just transitory. Treatable. Of course, if you're a heart attack waiting to happen, then...."
Yet another mystery he is not allowed to deduce, not if he wants to keep his friendship with John alive.
don't feel quite alright, and I wasn't the one buried under an avalanche. "––recovering," is what I settle for.
John is smirking, which Sherlock decides is a good thing. Humour restored, he asks, "Are you going to order takeaway? Chinese tonight, I think. And let's have that Eight Treasures again."
Jim’s hand stills as he opens his eyes and drops his chin to catch Sebastian watching him. His eyes instantly narrow in annoyance. “What are you waiting for Tiger? On your knees.”
— but I do know how to use the mirrors. Use them yourself, if helps to stop looking down.” She extends a right arm to point at the mirror, and Janine sees herself. The contrast is more than a little painful. The Russian stands like a dancer — immaculate posture, poised on her toes, calf muscles taut.
He draws a weary breath. "I've been guiding for twenty years. Never lost a client before. Accidents, of course, but no fatalities. And nothing like this."
John's eyes pause in their exploration to flick upwards to his face, where he proceeds to command Sherlock’s gaze with utter conviction. “It’s not your fault either.”
He has to know what's going on in Sherlock's mind; it's as important as the physical issues. "What woke you up? Nightmare?"
"Times have changed for parents with ASD children," Doctor Pichler explains. "I facilitate four support groups for parents of children on the Spectrum and several for the spouses and caretakers of ASD adults. Even with all the support laws now guarantee at school, in the workplace et cetera, it's a hard life even for those loved ones who are healthcare professionals. I'm not saying that it is something we might delve into on our first meeting, but I want to say that this is also an important opportunity for you, Violet, to share things you may want Sherlock to know and understand about being his mother, about the life you've shared. Some worries and difficulties regarding parenting are not good to share with children, but you are both adults, now, and I think Sherlock would be interested in hearing your perspective. Without your input, many things about his childhood remain just assumptions —conjecture, even, when discussed just between him and me."
Sherlock picks up the tiny slip of paper and makes a great show of smoothing it out. “Before I read this pearl of wisdom, you do know that the quaint custom of adding that phrase to the printed fortune has inspired the creators of said fortunes to include as much innuendo as possible. There are even ratings provided to identify the child-safe versions.”
"John has been encouraging towards your attempts at King's to make things better for you, has he not? To improve your working relationships with others?"
, Sherlock guesses — has left the pavement and gone off onto the grass in the centre of the square.  Sherlock wonders how long it will be before she notices.
Indeed, I do. And not wanting to discuss Sherlock's trials and tribulations behind his back means I change the topic of conversation onto the world of pharmaceuticals and the NHS, which keeps us occupied all through the main course. I opt for something with the odd name of Zurchergeschnetzeltes, which turns out to be thin slices of veal, cooked with mushrooms and onions in a wine and cream sauce, served with rösti. It is utterly delicious, and I am hungry enough to eat it all. There is something about crisp mountain air that increases my appetite.
The flat descends into silence again with her departure and John turns his attention to his laptop. She’s right, it does seem to have made an impression — 537 new posts since Sherlock’s return was announced by the press. He looks at the man still sulking at the kitchen table. It
When the DI is thanked for his testimony, the court is adjourned until tomorrow morning. Sebastian is still smirking about that look on Watson's face when he drives the Porsche out of the car park, bringing it around to the front to pick Jim up.
He has no idea where the last (he squints at his watch in the low light - 1 am?) five hours have gone. “Happy New Year,” he mutters to himself. It feels anything but.
John's touch is moving from place to place as if unsatisfied by anything he's finding. Sliding, sucking, biting. Rougher than usual. In times past there was more balance. Push and pull, a give and take. Now it seems the need to take has overtaken John's natural inclinations to share the power — and Sherlock lets him. If this is what John needs, he can give him this. Will it be enough? Enough to keep him from leaving?
Certainly, the inquest outcome had been one such example, no doubt helped along by way of Mycroft's damning evidence about Sherlock's state of mind. Applying pressure on jurors though—something of an old-fashioned approach, even if it is rarely done at an inquest.
For some reason that makes Sherlock laugh. As the watchman pushes him back down on the mattress, he feels his pockets being picked. And then the black hole widens and swallows him.
John grabs a tray from the pile and heads for the hot dish buffet. Maybe he'll get something down if Sherlock can provide a distraction from the cactus in his throat. "You could join me here for a bite to eat, and we could talk."
He couldn’t decide what tone to take for a follow-on to his greeting, so he stopped at that. Best to wait until John got to the point.
The small amount of justice that John feels he has restored to the world, to the image of Sherlock Holmes through detailing the Baskerville case, carries him through the last day of the inquest, through the Coroner's summation, the jury's deliberation, through to the very end of it all.
don't know, either!" I pinch the bridge of my nose, shake my head. I had tried to convince myself things are alright, that we're still on holiday, that my husband being prickly, quiet and withdrawn shouldn't ruin things for the rest of us and that Sherlock wouldn't want anyone fussing over him, anyway.
"Call this number." He makes the tall skinny guy tap John's number into his phone. "He's a doctor; lives locally, won't cause a fuss or tip off the police to a bust if you call him."
a trial. There is no criminal case here under consideration. We deal only with the facts, and the jury has a right to hear the testimony of the last people known to have spoken with Mister Holmes."
Doctor Pichler leans back in her chair. "I think Sherlock would like that, too, and that's why we're here. We've nearly used our time for today, and I think this is a good point at which to conclude. There is one key question we should address: whether the two of you are willing to come back for another session. Violet, any thoughts?"
"Why? You think that he needs to wait on me hand and foot, that he's got some magic wand to swish all the snot away?"
John can't bear the thought of hearing Moriarty repeat his lies. He already knows what the 24-hour rolling news cycle will make of the verdict; no doubt every twat on twitter will feel the need to share their opinion about the detective who took his own life, and then somehow engineered it so the body wouldn't be found. Just one more example of the fraud that he was …
"Yes, though I prefer not to do so with strangers — especially older women with deplorable personal hygiene."
John folds the paper and sticks it in his back pocket then squats down on the bunker floor beside a discarded O2 mask and canister. Amidst the rubbish, John spots a discarded nasal spray bottle. Narcan! Whatever Moran had used on Sherlock must have been an opioid for the antagonist to have served a purpose. He runs his hand over his face.
The sight of a fire truck parked in front of the entrance to Royalty Mews adds more speed to his pace, and as he turns into the alleyway, Sebastian registers the fact that their firehoses are not unrolled.
The service areas however... Sebastian tracks the progress of one of the hotel’s employee as she makes her way from the lift lobby to converse with one of the concierges at the reception desk. As she heads back again, he makes his move, crossing the marble floor to stand beside her as she presses the down button.
"He may not forgive you," Mycroft warns. His brother's naivete about relationships and what is needed to sustain them is shocking.
Steve looks as though he's ready to continue producing enough to fill an entire box of Epipens instead of calming down. Here on the ridge, there is precious little space and no margin for error; I try again. "Control your breathing. Start by counting to four before breathing out, and take a count of four to breathe in." He's venting his carbon dioxide too fast by hyperventilating; hypocapnia causes a worsening sense of panic and fear and might lead to fainting.
"Could pioneering something like that being able to expand into epilepsy surgery?" John knows this is something Lestrade has been trying to push for.
The tall git proceeds as if nothing of moment has just transpired. "Are you going to order takeaway? Chinese tonight, I think. And let's have that Eight Treasures again."
Obviously, he hasn't spoken for some time because the next thing he knows, he hears the docent asking him, "Are you okay? You seem to be a bit lost …"
And lectured, and lectured. Every second Sunday for two years, Sebastian’s ‘debt’ to Mycroft Holmes was paid off in excruciatingly boredom, being ‘groomed’ for his destined role in the secret service. He was never allowed to forget the fact that his upbringing was on a North London estate, a far cry from the gentrified neighbourhoods of his fellow Eton students. And to think he had been grateful in the beginning. Grateful for the chance to break free of endless cycle of poverty and illness that had beset his mother, abandoned by his father when he was only two years old. She had done the best she could, with what little she had, but it was never enough to make ends meet. Sebastian had often gone to school hungry or just not gone to school at all.
Edgar looks thoughtful. "It's possible. Any profession with a highly developed sense of professional pride such as surgeons would not hesitate to fight, I presume. Perhaps someone involved in this process has experience of a bad recruitment choice; I cannot be certain. These negotiations could also be a test regarding how firmly you would stand by your opinions if you were hired."
"What's holding things up? I should have been discharged an hour ago." He is getting dressed, albeit slowly and with a little help from me. Bending down to put his socks had been accompanied by some serious amount of wincing which he had tried to disguise. Without a word, I'd snatched the pair from him and slipped them onto his feet. The ones he'd worn in his ski boots are nowhere to be found; they'd probably been damp from snow and sweat and thrown out. He's now perched on the edge of the bed to get his trousers on. Once the jacket completes the set, I can see his point. The bruising is hidden, he's standing up straight and looks
He opens them again to find Sherlock watching him warily. “Tea,” John repeats the question, but his voice is flat, there’s no upward intonation at the end and then.
“No, he’s not,” Sherlock agrees looking at the still image, taken from one of Mycroft’s surveillance cameras of the living room wall of 221B, adorned with notes. “How far has he gotten?”
with the stories, Extricate, The Ex, Exit. If you like those, subscribe to get a future story, Extant.
a baritone voice enquires as John finishes the bottle and puts it down on the floor. Clearly, his depth perception is off though because it falls over and then rolls over towards the chest of drawers he's just been turning out.
He needs to talk to John about this offer that has come out of the blue, and he knows that there is no power on earth that could make him do it over the telephone. He prefers email or text because words written down are not loaded with non-verbal clues that he is always slow to pick up on. He loathes talking on the phone — always has, always will. Not being able to see the other person's expressions makes it almost impossible for him to decipher the potential hidden meanings of what he is hearing. A lack of visuals always means that he can't sense the rhythm of the conversation well enough not to interrupt others. Running the multi-country study into his valve's success rates was made relatively easy by the fact that ninety per cent of the communication he's had to do has gone by email. Written communication is more efficient than trying to reach people by phone when doctors are involved: they can read emails in their downtime while on shift or pass the message to colleagues for action if it is urgent.
But right now, he's just so fucking grateful for the sound of Sherlock on the other side of his door, that he doesn’t ask. All he wants is to know he's alive so when the door handle starts to turn, John answers by turning off the lamp. In the blindness, he listens as the footsteps reach the side of the bed, and then the sound of shoes being toed off. He feels Sherlock slip under the covers, causing the mattress to dip beside him. Silently, John gathers him in his arms and holds him, fingers cold and numb, clothes chilled to the touch. He wraps the night around them.
The question makes Sherlock smile. It’s perfect. Perfectly John. The question that allows the answer to shine through, a question that allows Sherlock to shine through—his ‘conductor of light.’ It’s one of the reasons why he's always loved John. Since the very beginning, before Lauriston Gardens, from the instant John stepped into the lab at Barts—the illumination.
"Don't ask me to stop skiing. Statistically speaking, I am more likely to die crossing a road in London than I am on a ski slope. I didn't stop you from going to Afghanistan, and we weren't afraid to go to Malosa. We can manage this."
Our helmets clunk together, as I whisper, "I love you." He responds with a slowly spreading, contented smile that's a strange and very sherlockian combination of smug and surprised, even after all these years.
"Perhaps John is more interested in you than in a false idea that nothing ever changes. Nothing ventured, nothing gained, Sherlock. Try to find a way to talk to him. Expressing how difficult you are finding this decision is a good way to start."
"My throat's not that sore," he insists, as though he could decide which upper respiratory infections are acceptable for him and which are too pedestrian to even consider.
"Good afternoon, Mrs Holmes," Joanna Pichler says after giving a nod to Sherlock. She offers her hand for Violet to shake.
“The coordinates, the order you gave to your people,” John jerks his head in the direction of Mycroft’s phone lying on the armrest of his chair. “They’ll find him, yeah?”
As soon as they pulled up outside 221, John had exited, leaving Sherlock alone in the darkness. Thankfully John had left the front door open, so when Sherlock was finally able to drag himself out of the vehicle — post-case adrenaline free-fall combined with the remnants of the cocaine exiting his system having left him utterly exhausted — he had been grateful that he didn’t also have to suffer the indignity of ringing the doorbell and asking to be let in. The locks had been changed after Moran’s break-in, and Sherlock hadn’t been feeling up to picking them.
Eventually, Ms Drew nods. "I think I can accommodate that. We will have to look at workloads and find a number of possibilities for you to meet. It shouldn't be a deal-breaker. We can shift people around who are already on our payroll — much less red tape than with hiring policies."
John grins. He loves the way Sherlock's hair looks after sex; all gloriously messed up by gripping fingers and pressing against pillows.
Stella laughs. "Mothers… can't live with them, wouldn't be here without them." With a slightly conspiratorial glint in her eye, she continues; "Anyway, I told her she's unfathomably late to the party of recognising what everyone else has known for donkey's years. You are making quite a name for yourself, young man."
“Ohh,” she laughed, but it was thin, uneasy. “It’s a silly one. ‘If your ship doesn’t come in, swim out to meet it’. Never was a very strong swimmer. Guess I’ll be waiting awhile.” She stood up and brought her leftover food to the fridge, ducking under his arm to set it on the shelf and turning to give him a quick peck on the cheek before sauntering to the bedroom. He shoved the fortune in his pocket and followed her.
John shakes his head but raises his hands in surrender. "I know what it looks like; he set me up really well."
That settled, Edgar stands and collects his bag, shakes both their hands and then calls out a quick, “Good day!" as he heads for the door.
John nods, noticing that Sherlock's name is on a small sign by the door. Sherlock's, and no one else's. He knows that Sherlock had insisted on his own solitary office even though he's not there every weekday.
Despite his worry, Sherlock nearly smirked as he tucked the phone back into his pocket. He was going home. He couldn’t wait to be Sherlock Holmes again.
He looks up at me, clearly hurt more by my implacable tone than by what his broken rib must be doing to him. Then he looks away, angry and defensive. "I want to go.
NOTE: While Sebastian considers everything that takes place in this chapter to be consensual, we know that true consent is not possible in a relationship where there is a clear imbalance of power and control.
"Well, it will have to be later. I'm having a crap day that has just got extended until infinity. Say whatever you have to say and make it quick; I need to keep the line clear. I've got three calls out in the hope of roping someone in for the evening or at least the graveyard half or it's yours truly on duty until the morning."
I'm no longer the last in line; Pavel had dropped behind me when his GoPro camera got covered in snow, and he stopped to clear it. Gabriel is eighty meters or so in front of me; his bright blue jacket makes it easy to keep him in view. Just as he comes to the point under the rocky promontory, he stops and turns to look at his friend and me.
Sherlock’s focus shifts immediately to John. “It’s raining,” he seems to notice for the first time. “We will resume this discussion in your office tomorrow,” he tells Greg, turns on his heel and heads out of the alley, presumably in search of a taxi.
It’s going on 3pm when he finally passes Galloon Island Landing Place. From there it's about two hundred and fifty meters further down the unmarked road to the entrance to the farm on the right. Just as he had expected, the access road is overgrown — the grass ankle deep — and the gate locked. Perfect. He makes short work of the padlock, drives the rental through and locks the gate behind him. So far things are going in his favour.
Sherlock turns his phone around, holding it out at arm’s length so that both Donovan and Lestrade can see it. "It's official. According to GCHQ, the time stamp on the video is authentic and the voice recognition programme is 97% sure it's Moriarty, even though it's only two words."
John doesn’t slow down until he turns the corner where he promptly throws up in a planter on the side of the street. He retches again and again until his head is dizzy, and his throat is sore. He tries not to make eye contact with the few people who are still out on the street, out in the cold at this hour, but still he sees the disgust in their faces – pathetic old drunk. Crouched over, swaying slightly, he braces himself with one hand on his knee as he wipes the back of the other across his mouth.
It feels odd and a little invasive for John to be discussing all this in front of a stranger. He clears his throat and glances at Edgar, who is watching them with a soft smile with not an ounce of judgement.
“If they need privacy, we’ll take our tea in the kitchen,” Mrs Hudson replied, and then added with a wink and a conspiratorial whisper directed to Rosie, “and maybe we’ll have a biscuit or two.”
Mary was silent behind him. He inhaled and released his fingers from the door, but did not turn around.
"You will be able to suss this out, Sherlock. You have Edgar's help, and you shouldn't underestimate your instincts. For example, you knew Anderson was a pain in the arse the first time you met him. Asking people how self-directed they are and what sort of management style they need are both perfectly acceptable questions to ask in an interview."
Sherlock scoffs, his fingertips practically tingling already with the expectation of the first calming puff of nicotine diffusing from his lung sacks into his bloodstream. "Such as?"
The two men keep circling each other, eyes firmly on each other. It's not a fight, not a seduction but somewhere in-between; the atmosphere is charged. The piano gives way to a more orchestral treatment as Sherlock breaks the circle, stepping in and then executing exactly the same routine that Defratis had just done, but adding a couple more very fast foot movements, as if taunting his opponent that anything he can do, Sherlock can do better.
No one reacts so he sighs dramatically before rolling his eyes and repeating. “Photos. I need to see the crime scene photos of the body as it was found. I am assuming that you thought to re-stage the death before starting the examination?”
Thirty-three minutes later, I am puffing my way along the track. The powder here has been compacted by previous skiers; it's a good surface, even though it is so flat that I have to pole vigorously and use every bit of slope to gain some precious speed. Wherever I can, I glide, keeping my skis flat, crouched down with my chest over my thighs, poles tucked up under my arms.
John doesn't feel the urge right now, either. Instead, he relishes just holding Sherlock. Neither speaks for several minutes, until Sherlock retreats and kneads his own bicep, looking slightly apprehensive again.
"Early night?" I suggest, hoping that we can dodge his brother and get back to the agenda I had in mind this afternoon.
"Of course, you didn't. But not being honest about what we're feeling? That's something I thought we'd got over after my bullet wound and your halo. Honesty, Love, that's all I'm asking. Tell me what happened. Talk to me." I raise his hand to my lips, kiss his knuckles.
Sebastian’s demeanor changes from pleasantly spent to instantly pissed off. "What work? Where are you going?" he shouts after Jim's retreating form.
You order a takeaway, pay for it, climb the stairs and then end up staring at the food. The chicken jalfrezi sits there in its dark tomato sauce, mocking you. Without thinking, you've ordered Sherlock's favourite, rather than your own. In despair, you shove it into the fridge and hope that you'll be hungry tomorrow.
He expects her to resort to her usual tirade about his recklessness and stupidity in taking up such a job in which he'd invariably fail. It's strange how he suddenly lacks the need to prove anything to her. Maybe he's just too tired and ill. Or… maybe something has changed.
“She was saying just how happy she is that it turned out that you weren’t dead, even if you had made a right old mess of her morgue by not putting the body back where you found it. Really, Sherlock, it’s only decent.”
"Of course not," he lies with perfect sincerity. After a lifetime of social scripting, of masking who he is behind a façade of typicality, his skill at lying is a sharply honed coping mechanism.
He eyes the clock on the studio wall, relieved that they only have another ten minutes. Time is not on his side. It's been sixteen days since the wedding, ten since Lady Smallwood's case had arrived on his doorstep. John should be home by now, but he’s not texted to say so.
"The others had their pick of a more open office space or two-person rooms. I thought it important that those who thrive with a bit of distraction and social activity around them could choose what they wanted, and those needing a quiet space to focus could be accommodated as well."
Surprising, Sherlock does exactly as requested, and more, even putting the Petri dish in the fridge and having a wash up. Over the sound of the running water, he calls out. "I still think it was a couple of dodgy king prawns in that Eight Treasures dish," he says defensively.
Branger catches my eye, and says calmly, "Steve, sit down to catch your breath; when you feel able, then you can move. You need to come here before you can turn around. There are people behind you who will help you keep your balance."
Finally, finally, it's my turn, and like everyone else, I have to start by schussing on the flat to get any forward momentum going. If all had gone to plan before the idiot's accident, I would have had more than enough speed coming off the black run to carry me straight onto the itinerary route.
“Why should anything be wrong?” Sherlock shoves himself forcefully back off the table and swings round to face the DI. “There’s a body,” he challenges. “A case. The game is on. Why should anything be wrong?”
He comes over to her and holds his arms up for her to take the proper position. “The basic waltz is simply three steps, one-two-three. If you listen to the music, you’ll hear it. Count, if it helps.” He steps in until their thighs touch. “Feel which of my legs is going to go forward, and step back on that leg.” She feels his right leg start to move and as he steps forward, she naturally steps back on her left. “The key is to keep the same upper body position, and to follow my lead.”
Moriarty's work is not devoted to petty aggrandisement; he isn't in it for money, fame or power. There appears to be no sexual perversion or childhood trauma driving the Irishman. Instead, all Sherlock can find when it comes to motivation is a totally malignant love of chaos. He is evil personified. The man's psychopathy propels him to do the most malicious damage to people, for the simplest of reasons—because he can. Moriarty isn’t some bully stumbling into a sandbox and kicking everyone else's toys around. Moriarty has rigged the sandbox to explode and take everyone down with him.
"I'd expect some spontaneous speeches during pudding, but I surmise we have already heard all the official business. Mingling is generally expected between coffee and the band starting. I would estimate that after two sets of dances a person would no longer be thought of as leaving early. Do you dance?"
John ripped a good chunk of the brown paper off, and then the surrounding cardboard, eventually revealing smooth, black stone. He was confused. More ripping, and he was face to face with an object he'd not seen or spoken to in years. Truth be told, he'd forgot all about it, assumed it was gone. Poof. Up in the air as magically as its owner — was that even the right word? — had waltzed back into his life.
“Thank you so much for finally coming to see me, Mycroft,” Sherlock says magnanimously as he re-enters the room. “I'm here to redeem that I.O.U. Two days, you said. At least here you can't ignore me. So, what do you have?”
“As could you. Oh no, wait,” Sherlock pauses, he can’t help himself. He knows he should let sleeping dogs lie. After all, he’s just persuaded his brother to let him take down the rest of Moriarty’s network. But he can’t resist, smirking. "You already said thank you on Christmas night.”
"Being in a leading position and being allowed to pick my own team should prevent some issues. Despite my initial worries, the sessions with Joanna have helped. A lot of the communication challenges that I've had are always going to be there, but I am beginning to realise that there are ways around them. I can't spend my whole career trying to avoid people. In the past, my research has been something I've done on the side, on my own, in my own time, my own way. But it can't continue like that because the scale is getting too big and I am neither an engineer nor a microbiologist so certain issues I can't resolve without collaboration. I think it's time I recognised that if I am going to be a part of such smart shunt development, I have to work with others. I'm hoping that if I want it badly enough, I will be able to do this. I wonder if I will ever get another chance like this to structure something the way I want it."
"And as usual, middle management like us are kept in the dark." Greg curses under his breath. "No wonder they were telling me to hold off on any new projects at the Board meeting, I quote, 'until some recent developments have been dealt with'. If King's can't manage to build a centre of excellence alone, it wouldn't surprise me if the Board decided to try to piggyback on GOSH."
"No, I mean––" John corrected, "I just… We've had this conversation before," he pointed out, mostly to himself. Sherlock wouldn't embarrass him, just like he hadn't embarrassed John the last time. Sherlock didn't care about money, not even his own. He didn't take care
"––know someone," Sherlock concludes with a smirk. "Connections are everything, at least according to my brother."
You shake your head. Impossible. How could you ever manage to capture the mercurial madman who had become the centre of your life? Every line you would write about every case the two of you solved together would remind you of his absence; the ink on the page would bleed red with your loss.
So, he doesn't even rate a "morning," let alone a "good" one. He flicks the kettle switch on far more forcefully than necessary.
To emphasise his position, John squeezed Sherlock's hand curtly and nodded at him, smiling. He really wasn't mad at him. He knew Sherlock for years now and they had survived quite a lot – a kidnapping, a SemTex bomb around his torso, lots of beatings and gunfires, and the fake suicide of his flatmate. He knew Sherlock's spleens and he could have moved out on several occasions but he always stayed. He loved danger and needed it, just as he needed Sherlock.
, Sherlock remembered and realised that the human was hurt—that he would drown because only sea folk and fish could breathe underwater. He sped up and dived through the waves, riding their crests until he reached the human, pulled him into his arms and swam up to the surface with him.
John looks at him, head tilted to the side. “For a genius you can be quite daft sometimes, do you know that?
.” Sherlock’s voice became more urgent and he leaned forward, their foreheads almost crashing together. What was
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock scoffs. “I want you to know that I have been thinking about that matter and I have come to a conclusion.”
Right hand to John's chest, left hand extended towards Sherlock. Splaying out his left index finger. Pointing to his mouth. Spreading both hands, palm towards the ground. Crime scene – the sign for that varied from case to case. Sometimes John would form a pistol with his hands, sometimes he made up something else.
"What now?" John's voice is flat; there is a no love in his tone and a stiffness in his stance that Sherlock recognises—the soldier is still on duty, seeking orders.
history, making John smile as he handed over an eager, squirming toddler already in her footed flannel onesie.
Sherlock stops pacing, and glares at his brother. "Piss off and let me think. You standing here exuding panic is distracting."
It’s not enough to knock him out, but he crumples, hand up to his nose to stem the bleeding. He's still crouched on the floor tiles while Moran goes over to the basin, calmly washes the blood off his knuckles and then dries his hands at the paper towel dispenser. Moran wads up the towels and tosses them onto John. "Oops, missed the rubbish bin," he pronounces as he walks out of the door.
By the time Mycroft has dealt with the various calls to the Americans, it’s gone three in the morning. He's starving, and knowing Sherlock, he won't have eaten either, so he rummages in the fridge that had been stocked by the agent in the flat above. For the past six weeks as Sherlock recovered and researched, a food parcel has been left at the door to the basement flat.
smile on his face, the one he gets when he is daring his prey to look away, to turn and run. But Sebastian stands his ground, defiant. He knows it's just a matter of time until Jim bends him to his will,
She slumped forward. John stood quickly to catch her, but Sherlock was quicker, stepping in and slipping her onto the floor in a graceful move that he made look effortless.
The Colonel’s smirk broadens. "You're living proof that people can return from the dead. The world will be told the truth — starting with your brother's attempts to cultivate Jim at Eton. The Americans will discover how Jim Moriarty was Mycroft Holmes' monster, the one who got out of control and had to be silenced. Your part in this little drama will become known, too, how the story of Jim's death on The Heath was just one big lie. I'll go on the internet, live to camera, DNA results and all, showing the world that Jim Moriarty lives. I can make sure that hashtag campaign goes viral."
"Only if you don't look at it realistically. The other group who tried to create that shunt effed the whole thing up. Even with all the fail-safes built into your contract, even if you turned out to be the best research team leader in the world, it would still be a monumental task. It's not a pass–or–fail thing, Sherlock. Even advancing the project beyond the early stages, getting it off to a good start, might be considered a success. As long as you stay realistic about what's going on and are willing to make changes in how you do things, it should be fine. If you put in the same effort and determination and willingness to think differently that you've put in with Alice and with us, then I doubt this project could have a better leader. You have the one thing those other people don't have — your brain — and that's why they asked you, instead of just having an open application process."
"Of course." Edgar doesn't look the least bit of disappointed. "Would you have preferred the latter today?"
tips and tricks from you through the years," Sherlock reminds him. "Apparently, calling people out publicly for their idiocy is frowned upon and bad for staff cohesion. Besides, I didn't hire any idiots."
The news bulletin switches to a reporter at Heathrow. "First it was America, then it was Britain's turn. As soon as the forty minutes were up, then it moved to France, before ending with another forty minutes in Italy. Whoever the mystery man
His eyes have a look of possessiveness before he wipes his expression clean and forces Sebastian’s head back down again, impaling his mouth with Jim's now very hard cock.
"I'm sure Jennifer would be relieved to be spared your over-bearance. You have often accused me of professional egotism when it appears you are not immune to it, either. You just don't want to trust me in the hands of anyone else, do you?"
Pointing at the camera, John snarls, "Perhaps Sebastian Moran might be able to provide some insight about this bug; he's been an agent of yours in the field more recently. Care to speculate about how and why he might have gotten into the flat? Or perhaps you could just whistle him up and have a little chat about it?"
For this chapter, it was time for the JBall to jump in with both feet to participate in the writing and not just the betaing.
in the Got My Eye on You Series. and in two days' time I will be posting "The Big Issue" as the next chapter in that series, because events are covered there that explain a lot of what is happening when Sherlock is not with Janine.
John is at a loss to understand why the (clearly former) MI6 agent keeps trying to mess with him, and is annoyed that, despite his own best efforts to control his temper, Moran keeps succeeding. Doesn’t the man have other things to keep him occupied? Maybe that’s it though, the finger poking in the wound, digging around trying to find the broken nerve endings, is satisfying some sadistic itch that's not being scratched due to the lack of a convenient messy armed conflict. After his altercation with Moran outside the pre-inquest, John had reached out to a couple of ex-army mates to see what they could find on Moran (he certainly wasn’t going to ask Mycroft). But all he’d gotten back was something about a bloody mess in Kandahar, well before John's tour.
Rather disappointingly, he detaches himself from me, stating he needs a shower. As Mycroft appears from the kitchen and raises an eyebrow at us, Sherlock heads off to our bedroom, with me trailing closely behind, giving an amusingly apologetic glance to the older Holmes.
Sherlock palms the keys and the paperwork, ignoring the instructions dying on the Avis agent’s tongue behind him as he strides towards the terminal exit and tries not to think about the last time he was in Ireland. With John.
"Sherlock Holmes," John retorts through clenched teeth. "Six-foot tall, dark curly hair, been seen on video looking more than a little worse for wear."
Once the investigation into his role gets underway, there will be no mercy shown. He has always known that this will expose him to scrutiny of his whole career—the sides he's taken, the choices he's made, who was to live and who to die. Better if Moriarty's casualties had been soldiers; at least they understood that sacrifices need to be made. Unfortunately, these latest victims weren’t soldiers, just ordinary passengers who lost their lives when BA flight 214 plunged nose first into a ploughed field in Maine. And despite Mycroft’s general lack of regard for the great unwashed, he is not impervious to the fact that these were people with mothers and fathers and sisters and brothers and children, all who lost their lives because he hadn’t been able to stop Jim Moriarty.
“Guess my friend count is down to zero now. Better find some new ones. Maybe I should ask Rosie for advice. She seems to be the expert around here.”
Jim's managed to bugger everything on this fly-by-wire beauty so that the plane did an uncontrolled crash landing. Sebastian's knowing smile starts to widen.
There is no rapid depressurisation, no oxygen masks dropping from the ceiling, just three minutes of sheer terror while cabin crew shout over the screams, directing passengers to assume the brace position. Then a deafening bang as the video goes dark.
Upon John's entry to the reading room, Mycroft looks up from his tea and frowns, before getting up. He raises a hand to stop John, and then gestures for him to follow, heading for the stranger's room where conversation is possible. John's been here before; he knows the drill. Mycroft drops down in one of the leather wing chairs, pronouncing in a bored tone, “Armed, Doctor Watson? Surely I don't pose that much of a threat?”
"I can do something for that; give me your feet." Sherlock is relieved to have something other than kissing to do.
"Ireland, yes," I agree, trying to find a way to arrange my thoughts. "Um, yes, I'll have to work out what I am going to do then."
Sherlock's train of thought stutters to a halt as the clues on the evidence board in his mind palace suddenly blaze a connection trail. Moran
A quick seep of his torch reveals shelves lining one of the two long walls filled with crates and black-plastic wrapped bundles. On the floor there are a number of torn and discarded black plastic sheets that have been slit open with a sharp blade, and a lantern set on top. Next to the lantern, Sherlock spots the source of the odd aroma, an oily smear. Scooping some up and rubbing it between his fingers it comes to him — Tiger Balm — the metaphor of a predator marking his territory doesn’t escape him. It doesn’t deter him either.
It is no surprise to either of them that after dinner, they don't watch television but head into the bedroom for something more intimate.
He deliberately hesitated in the doorway of the small, rented meeting room. It was as bland as every other self-help meeting room he’d ever seen. He looked around uncertainly at the circle of fifteen green metal folding chairs, only half of which were filled. A few people gathered at a humble refreshment table where only water and coffee were on offer.
This journey will take him southwest to Oghill, County Cavan — the location of Moran’s summons. Assuming he survives what awaits amongst the run-down farming equipment and crumbling shed walls, his final destination will be Moriarty's country manor in Galway. Once he might have thought twice about approaching either destination without back-up, but it is clear from last night’s conversation that having John with him is no longer an option. The thought of anyone else is not acceptable, no matter what Mycroft tried to argue.
John forces his eyes closed even more tightly at her chipper greeting but can’t help but open them again when Sherlock growls.
Two days later, a ring of the doorbell brings them an anticipated visitor: the assistant candidate the concierge service has sent.
Falling back into the smooth black leather of the chair, Jim throws his feet up onto the table, places his hands behind his head and surveys the scene with satisfaction. All he has to do now is wait until two a.m. Not long now.
Sebastian stumbles to obey, his movements very much restricted by a prominent erection and the elastic waistband of his tracksuit pants that has snagged his ankles. He stops long enough to step free, kicking the joggers and his pants aside. He’s grateful that Jim is allowing him to keep his sweatshirt on as he positions himself, spread eagled at the back of the Porsche. The heat of the engine radiating through the metal casing left him with a rather nasty burn on his chest the last time Jim had chosen this particular location.
“Bit of a theatrical touch, with the homeless man and the book. And the fortune cookie? You have always loved your drama, haven’t you, Sherlock?”
"Sorry," John says, feeling like a weight has been lifted with this realisation and consequent decision. "All this is just so new. For me. For us."
"That psychiatrist was right in that we need to both give this a go. If you want things to be different, you have to give me a chance for that."
But… that wasn't quite right, was it? He and Sherlock were a team, now, when it came to Rosie — a partnership or sorts. And Sherlock
Wasn't Watson meant to have been an army man? Sentimental bullshit, all of it. But, it has provided a fascinating insight into the mind of the ex-army doctor and Sebastian spent hours pouring over the drabble while Jim had shut himself away in the study working on something he wouldn't tell Sebastian about.
After Joyce finished speaking and Helen said some encouraging words and asking her to see her after privately the session for “some coaching”, Helen turned her attention to Sherlock.
“Cheer up, big brother,” Sherlock declares merrily. “At least it's just your career and reputation on the line. I had to actually die.”
Being noticed is important. He didn't pay for this slot in the former Turkish Baths to be private. If he'd wanted to keep his habit from attracting attention, he would have been in one of his bolt holes. He wants—no,
With one eye on the LTCC laptop, Jim watches the BA flight get held in the approach stack over Bovington, just as planned, and the departure of the American Airlines flight in real time. So far, the screen is showing him exactly what the controllers are seeing. He's the only one to know that the BA flight has in fact already been released and is now starting its descent straight into the ascending flight path of the American Airlines flight. His orgasm comes shortly after, and he quickly pays Carlton another hundred and shoos him out the door.
As Moran complies, John watches the man's eyes narrow at the sight of him. But with both hands occupied, the former agent can't reach for his own gun, which John knows will be in an ankle holster.
St. Thomas Street is busy in the late afternoon sun, but he loiters on the pavement because he is not sure about what to do next. Traffic is a solid stream and pedestrians are all in a hurry to get somewhere; they just walk around him where he stands, staring across the street at the Old Operating Theatre. The Shard is casting a shadow that makes the wind chill feel that much colder.
being here all the time means the team just get on with things as they should. It encourages them to be self-reliant, and that means when I am here, they leave me to get on with what I do best — the design work."
, not off in some godforsaken Irish bog! So long as that's the case, I am not going to leave Mrs Hudson vulnerable to them coming back here and wiping that damned smile off the wall." He’s shouting now, unchecked frustration coursing through every fibre of his being.
So, standing it is. Standing also gives him a chance to put some physical distance between himself and Sherlock, this being the first time he’s seen Sherlock since their … the night before. If there is a discussion to be had regarding those events, he’d rather not draw awareness to it in the presence of others.
Exactly what this smokescreen is supposed to be hiding is still a secret, and it irritates Sebastian to no end that he still isn't being trusted with the details. And there’s all that extra stuff—poems, flowers—with Watson. All part of Jim's grand plan, or is he having more fun than is absolutely required …? In irritation, Sebastian scrubs his skin with a little more force than necessary, inflaming the capillaries under his arms and down his chest and causing the spray of water to sting. He wrenches the taps from hot all the way to cold and lets the abrupt change in temperature sluice through him, cooling his aggravation.
Janine tries to imitate the steps as they reverse the entire length of the studio. Irina keeps counting, but then breaks off to bark, “Stop looking at feet!”
I notice a plastic bag underneath the trolley, filled with his clothes. "I'm taking this to the car." It's further insurance that he won't self-discharge — he'd have to run around half-naked without his phone or wallet.
“You did. With my blessing. You could stand to eat on the regular, you know. As they say. It does help with cognition.”
Doctor Pichler frowns. "To me, it almost sounds as though you want his help — yet don't want to need it. You fear not having it but also fear having it inflicted on you because it somehow suggests you are not capable of doing this job."
“People are happy to find out that you’re alive, Sherlock,” she responds, patting him on the shoulder. “The newspapers are full of it — quite a comeback. John’s blog made quite an impression too.”
“Fine,” Sebastian mutters before leaning forward and gently licking the tip of Jim's near fully erect cock into his mouth. What he would like is to steady himself by wrapping his hands around the taut globes of Jim's gorgeous arse but Sebastian knows that Jim doesn’t want him to touch unless he gives permission. He very rarely does. Instead, Sebastian balances carefully on his knees, putting some of his weight back on his toes as he swirls his tongue around the plumping head, under the retracting foreskin.
"Well, I have news for you," Moran informs him. "It isn't going to go the way you think it is. No heroic sacrifice on your part, signalling to your brother where to find me and Moriarty. Your pet, Watson, isn't going to come to weep over your dead body, forgiving you for your sins against him."
Stewing in the events of the day, John has gotten himself so riled up, that by the time he makes it home, he swears that he's going to explode. He knows that not thirty minutes ago he had promised Lestrade that he was going behave but the next time he sees Moran, he’s going to have his gun with him.
"But if you were severely hypo- or hypertensive, they should have put you in an HDU bed from recovery. Neither scenario fulfils our agreed-upon recovery area discharge criteria. You didn't make them bend the rules for you, did you?"
Jim positions the point of knife in the space just above his kneecap and pauses. Sebastian’s eyes flick from the knife to Jim. Jim is watching Sebastian intently for a reaction, any reaction, as he pushes in deeper, through the quadriceps tendon to the cartilage. It's not as sensitive as it would be without all the damage it incurred during his years of rugby at Eton, but it’s ramping the pain level up significantly. His abdominal muscles clench reflexively, and a hiss escapes his lips. Jim seems to think that things are progressing nicely as he, head cocked to the side watching him, grins.
John looks between the both of them. Sherlock knows enough about John to know that he is not currently in the frame of mind to be conversed with, let alone reasoned with, stays silent.
"I see. When I could be sure he had oxygen, I'd moved on to try to find the other skier. When we got here to the hospital, while I was waiting for news about the other skier caught in the avalanche, I checked in on him. It must have been before you got here."
Jim has managed to position himself next to Mycroft Holmes and is speaking to him when Jim pulls up to the pavement. As Jim opens the front passenger door, he throws one last comment over his shoulder, "I am
As the last strains of the bandoneon echo away, the music shifts into a waltz, and from the shadows another couple appear on the ballroom floor. John and Mary, only something's odd about both the music and their dancing. When he turns to see if Victor sees it, too, Sherlock realises that he's gone.
," he grumbled. It took a large mug of whisky-spiked hot chocolate before his mood improved. He seemed somehow angry at me — as though it was my fault the experience hadn't appealed to him. John can be a bit irrationally bristly at times.
Once the coffee has percolated, he goes back to the bedroom to shake Sherlock's shoulder where he's now sprawled on his stomach across the entire expanse of the bed. The answer John gets is a flailing, floppy hand attempting to swat him away.
As he kneels down beside him. John decides to go for humour. "Mrs Burke will be highly offended at your treatment of her roast." He grabs one of the big bath towels off the rail and drapes it over Sherlock. "You need to stay warm."
John sucks in a gulp of air (he hadn’t known he had been holding his breath until now) and rips his eyes away from the screen to meet Mycroft’s gaze. The colour has drained from the face of the British Government. Usually the epitome of the stoic, reserved, unemotional Englishman, Mycroft looks … scared, and John is terrified.
"The decision wasn't mine to make. By then, she'd been incarcerated as a threat to national security. The Official Secrets Act makes no provision for family loyalties."
If he had not known how much more it could be with John, perhaps what they had now could have been enough. But not when he knew what it felt like to be the sole focus of John’s attention, the locus of his respect, admiration — his love. Having experienced the apogee of John’s affection, he knew he could not accept anything less. Will not accept anything less.
She leans forward, whispering conspiratorially, "I think this was a money-laundering scheme of his. It wouldn't do to attract the attention of the authorities, so no lease. Anyway, I couldn't evict Sherlock, just couldn’t. He's the one who saved me by making sure Frank was convicted."
Mrs. Hudson had come upstairs a few minutes earlier and upon spotting John already up and about, had attempted to place the latest of the mail addressed to Sherlock on the mantelpiece as discreetly as possible.
I reach over to prise the control from his hand and use it to elevate his head to thirty degrees. "You know that a broken rib means sleeping more upright for the first three nights."
John takes another slug of the malt and then does one of his tight little nods with his chin up. "No, I'm not yelling. I'm cross, but I'm not yelling. I don't yell when I get angry."
"He frees me up to deal with what is my area." Sherlock grimaces in distaste. "Turns out we have more in common than I would have assumed."
"I don't really remember, not exactly," John attempts to evade the question. "I was pissed off at him not answering my texts and calls. I told him so, he said some stuff and then he left."
Perfectly round and ragged at the edges, the new mark has all the hallmarks of a contact range gunshot wound — the abrasion ring formed by the force of gasses enter below the skin, blowing the skin surface back against the muzzle of the gun. A hole filled in badly by the sort of plaster that comes in a tub. Close contact — personal … it’s the last thought he has before sleep takes him.
John's eyes widen. "How? How can anything I say make a difference to him? He'll just shout at me, or ignore me. At least you can threaten to kick him out if he doesn't obey the terms of the lease. And surely you can use the deposit to pay for repairs?"
Mycroft Holmes had taken a keen interest in the recent spate of thefts across Knightsbridge. In particular because they had involved the hacking of upmarket security systems. Child’s play for Sebastian, whose time not receiving a state sanctioned education had been spent in a neighbour’s house while they were away for the winter, exploring all the ways to work around a home security system. Finding the control box and re-routing wires that dealt with alarms had been a much more interesting education than what was on offer at the local comprehensive school. It had taken time, but he'd learned how to build a jamming device to cause a blip in the security video stream, long enough for him to slip in and slip out.
"Oh." It grates a bit, knowledge of Sherlock discussing such things, but John reminds himself of how much help the psychiatrist has been for both of them. "I am kicking Edgar out the minute he brings you home, though."
Will that word ever apply to him again? As John stands up and walks out of the cell, he doesn’t answer the man’s question. To be honest, his head still hurts from where he’d grazed it on the road, after the cyclist knocked him over. The doctor in him wonders if part of his confusion is a mild concussion, complicated by the shock of what has happened over the past twenty four hours.
How can he be sure of hitting the right place in his heart? Hovering the syringe above his chest, he tries to identify the exact location of his right ventricle, fingering the space between his ribs and trying to imagine the anatomy of the organ underneath.
I'm not cross at him for doing these things; I'm angry because I'm scared. It's not his fault, is it, that these are the kinds of things he enjoys? He didn't choose to have his particular brain. It's not his fault that trying to entertain him with something safe and easy and…
", dropping his hand under the water to grasp my half-hard cock. "You're not going anywhere until I'm done with you."
"What if I can't anticipate other people's needs to the minimum level required for this? I'm not Edgar — or you."
His toes almost curl at Janine's misuse of the Shakespeare quote. Janine might think she's in a fairy tale, but the playwright had something else in mind when he wrote that line. It’s from the final scene of Hamlet, when the eponymous hero is dying in Horatio's arms. All those who plotted against Hamlet are also dead on the stage, victims who have fallen into their own traps. It's ironic, given that his own plot to use Janine is requiring him to act a role, a play within the play to get at Magnussen.
As can happen at a table at a Chinese restaurant, two of the diners ended up with the same fortune in their cookie. ASilvergirl and I both got the same fortune, so have written ours from contrasting points of view.
She’d been one of those who’d attacked him. She was glad he’d given her the opportunity to apologize for it.
Looking over the iron railing in front of the house, he can see light spilling out from the bay window of Mary's sitting room onto the well below the pavement. The dark burgundy curtains aren't closed, but the Venetian blind slats are angled enough to give them privacy. His previous visits had shown him that the basement flat has two principal entrances, one from the street level, down a set of cast iron steps to the door to their sitting room, and then internal stairs going up higher to the main front door and hall shared by all the flats in the substantial house. There is another exit, too; one from the kitchen into the small courtyard behind the house where the bins are kept and the alleyway behind.
At least Moran doesn't seem to be in on the game. He'd walked slowly in behind Moriarty, further apart than usual and proceeded to take his seat in the back of the room, perhaps banished for his participation in the gent's toilet scene yesterday. Is he limping? Or is it just wishful thinking on John's part. It almost makes him smile as he sees that Moran is definitely favouring one his legs.
“You didn’t think that you could take mine without me taking yours, did you?” The killer snarls then barks out a cold laugh. “John was right, you should never have let me leave.”
When he gets home, John finds the kitchen and sitting room tidy, and a pile of aloe vera -infused tissue packets on the coffee table along with the selection of both over-the-counter and prescription medications suitable for a head cold Edgar must have found in their bathroom cabinet arranged into a neat formation. Cupboard shelves have been stocked with chamomile and ginger tea, and the former makes John smile: he knows Sherlock loathes it. There is ice cream in the freezer and sugary, cold ready-made plastic Frappuccinos in the fridge.
When he seems reluctant to reply, I press harder. "Was one of them in your group with Branger?" It doesn't make sense, really, given how they were smiling and appeared to be thanking Sherlock. Even I know what
"He doesn't need mothering or babysitting," he declares right after Edgar's hello. "It's not like that. But he's not very good at understanding when he's stressed or tired or ill, because self-care is not a priority for him. He's gotten better at being aware of such things but… he needs looking after. There's a difference," john stresses. "He can manage, but if he's to take on something as big as this project that'll test his certain abilities to the max, there can't be other stressors. And I can't–– I
They sit in silence for a few minutes, both staring at TV above the bar which is tuned to Sky and currently streaming the news of the day until John’s phone pings. Fishing his phone from his pocket, he glances at the text message — it’s Mary.
“Let me get this straight,” John says carefully, folding his arms across his chest. “First you go off without me, disappear for seven weeks to solve the case. Make me mourn like a grieving bloody widower. Now you say you need me to come with you to finish it? Where was that need before, huh?”
An ambulance would have showed up on the traffic cameras. So, how would an unconscious, nearly dead body have been moved? How could Sherlock have been brought down those narrow, treacherous spiral stairs? What was it that Sherlock always said, "Eliminate the impossible; whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth."
He could mention Mary, now, without the both of them being frozen on the spot, suddenly suspended in the storm of feelings and memories that had been too raw for too long. It had taken another family tragedy — this time Sherlock's, in the form of Eurus — to shake them both out of that fog of devastation.
John worries whether his partner's demanding schedule may be to blame; too much stress, too much work can undermine an immune system. He had worried that taking on this new project might end up with Sherlock mentally exhausted. Is this the first sign of a problem? John has to admit that Sherlock is very rarely ill. Then again, he's seemed more optimistic and enthusiastic about the Steadman unit than anxious.
Exiting the cab, he pauses under the awning of Speedy’s as he attempts to locate the precise information he is looking for. And there it is, tucked away in a small research paper from the Marthoma College of Special Education in Kerala:
Tentatively, he then brings up his biggest worry: "What about the people thing? Having to work with others has never been something you've looked for before. What makes you think this would be different?"
and my brain skitters off into odd questions about what it is about ice that is making me see it as blue rather than white.
The smile becomes cold, predatory. "No. That's you. I'm just enjoying the show, watching you fly around like some demented blue bottle trying to find out what happened to Holmes' body. Give up, man. You'll never figure it out. He's dead, probably rotting away somewhere in a maggot infested dumpster. You're too stupid to find him. Just give up." Moran raises his hands, extending them towards John, with open palms, as if telling him to chill. It doesn't match the venom of his words.
"Yes," Sherlock replies sternly, giving John a disapproving side-eye. After taking a quick shower after returning home, most of the time waiting for Edgar had been spent sorting his curls.
Apparently, Mrs. Hudson has continued talking and he registers snippets of her running commentary as he reads. "… after all that horrible business with those Boeing planes last year … too afraid to fly … my trip to Spain, all booked … sister and I … don't want to fly with this sort of thing happening ... refund, yes, that's …"
"Your loss. I hear their versions of local dishes are superb. After lunch, John, we can meander back down and avoid the late afternoon crowds on the Medran lifts. Tomorrow we can move to Savoleyres. It's a bit quieter, and the blue pistes are good for intermediate skiers. From the top, we get a wonderful view and then there's a nice gentle piste all the way back into town. I've done it several times, so know how to avoid the trees. If Sherlock could be bothered, there are some good red runs in there, too."
He's surprised to find the idea of being able to manage people's expectations before they blow up in his face exhilarating. Not having to deal with other people's assumptions about his being neurotypical and then not having to cope with their difficulties in accommodating his needs—this project could free him from that burden.
Then he stands up, squares his shoulders, eyes, front, and take ones last look at the blood spatter on the wall and then nods. He turns on his heel and marches over to the rope ladder.
“But aren't you scared that we could never have met?” John insists. “That we could probably... never have found each other?”
One day, he walks through London and suddenly meets one of his old mates from uni, Mike Stamford. They start chatting and John keeps thinking about if they had met in other universes as well if he hadn't joined the military.
Lestrade was so kind as to bring him some cold case files so Sherlock wouldn't drown in boredom but for that it wasn't necessary to leave the house.
.” This was more of a growl now, and it's intensity forced John to react. A certain Consulting Detective really didn't like being ignored, John knew. He'd been there, he'd done that, he didn't need it again, ta very much.
John was the one who finally grasped the nettle. He leaned forward a bit, his knees now completely touching Sherlock's. Their hands were still locked, finger pressed to finger. John tilted his head a bit to the side and licked his lips nervously. Sherlock's pupils dilated in a way that took John's breath away, his eyes wandered down to John's mouth, and the detective swallowed heavily.
When all the other police men were already gone again and everything was quiet, Sherlock stepped closer to John and hugged him without saying anything. John pressed close against Sherlock's body and tried to regain his self control but this turned out to be difficult. They stood there for about ten minutes while John's tears moistened Sherlock's scarf.
John's hand signed in the air. Sherlock nodded curtly, nervously. John observed how the muscles in his jaw worked and had to smile involuntarily. He had never been someone's first kiss and it was an even greater honour for him to be Sherlock's first. A fleeting brush of lips – it was supposed to be wonderful for Sherlock, John decided. Even if he was useless otherwise, this should prove to Sherlock that John was good for him—that he had a reason to exist.
The fingers in his jumper tensed, then relaxed, but Sherlock's breathing was still a conscious effort. And yet John noticed how much Sherlock paid attention to everything: the texture of his lips, the movement of his pupils behind his closed eyes.
John's heart was still beating fast in his chest when he raised to the tip of his toes, pressing a soft kiss to Sherlock's neck. The detective shivered reflexively and leant back against John's chest. He had stopped playing.
It hurt the detective to see his blogger like that. He buried his nose in his friend's hairs, his fingers clenching in the doctor's jacket, and mouthed "I'm sorry" against John's forehead.
John opened the envelope, trying to ignore his shaking hands. He pulled out a piece of paper that turned out to be a scan of an x-ray of a human thorax. The centre of the image was the heart, hidden behind the ribs but still clearly visible. In the upper left corner it said
But it was quiet around John and he noticed how seldom Sherlock took his violin whenever John was present. John didn't know whether the detective played at all anymore. And somehow he felt responsible for that.
"Also, you will have to pay me." Irene laughed again, circling Sherlock with a piercing glance. "It is not a trifle matter, I assure you. You have the most wonderful talent of playing the violin and I don't doubt you would captivate the doctor with it. You must give this talent to me, and I will compose the best potion I have."
"The ambulance will be here shortly," he informed his best friend. "If those idiots weren't always short-staffed, one of them would be here already!" Sherlock's face clearly showed how angry he was about the incompetence of the people around him, especially now when it concerned John. He just couldn't lose him! John was his colleague with his detective work, his blogger, his doctor, and most of all – his best friend. He wasn't allowed to die now, even if it looked like it would happen soon. Unsurprisingly, after all, a bomb had just exploded next to him.
It was as if Sherlock's heart broke into two and a single tear rolled down his cheek. The pain in his legs increased, and he was reminded that by the morning, he would be sea foam and John would be with someone else.
Sherlock came back to the surface every night after his first experience with the world up above him, and he looked and examined and learned. After a fortnight, he got braver, and emerged from the water just as the sun went down. The sky was tinged in a warm red and the water glimmered in the last rays of sunshine.
"I love you," Sherlock repeated with big eyes, as if he still couldn't believe it. John had kissed him. That he loved Sherlock as well, he demonstrated with kisses, touches.
Just before Sherlock tripped over the edge, John let go of him, causing an almost frustrated whine and a look that resembled one of a lost puppy. John gently threaded his fingers through Sherlock's damp curls, kissed the tip of his nose and positioned himself so that they were pressed together from head to toe.
John thinks the same, actually. He knows that Sherlock turned everything in his life upside down and he made him feel alive once again, even more so if John is quite honest with himself. Sherlock is the quiet before the oncoming storm, and he is the storm himself, and frankly, it's all what John needs. Sherlock is brilliant and clever and mad and annoying and wonderful and just perfect. He gives John all he wants, and so much more than that.
He slowly pulled down the zip and opened the button, gently pulling the trousers off Sherlock. The detective was now breathing harder, a writhing mess beneath John. He deliberately ignored Sherlock's middle, not wanting to rush this, wanting to show Sherlock what it meant to be loved.
John realised that he didn't want to be somewhere else, just here with Sherlock, and there was nothing in the world that could have stopped him from kissing this man. He was happy and hoped that Sherlock felt the same way.
All of a sudden, Sherlock became flustered and nervous and fiddled with something in the pocket of his trousers. John stared at him with wide eyes. “Sherlock… don’t tell me you actually
Their skin is smoother than that of a human, too, silky and pale and tender. The hair of the sea folk is long and thick—soft to the touch. It never needs combed, the gentle stir and movement of the water is enough to foster it. Their voices are angelic, both when they sing and speak—bright and clear, and if they talk it's as if bells are ringing. The deeper they are, the more the water above them muffles the sound, and to human ears, their talking sounds just like the clashing of waves when they meet the shore.
“Dreadful. Very… awful. Just awful.” She fanned her face with her hand. “Get that — the… the… I think…”
Mycroft takes a sip of our fine claret and smirks. "By the time he was thirteen, he was better than any of us and took it very, very seriously. He was on the Harrow skiing team and won all sorts of things. Every year we spent the pre-New year holiday on the slopes because it was the only way Mummy could get Sherlock to come home for Christmas. That lasted as long as Sherlock was at school. After that, well, our parents decided that their bones were getting too old to risk a fall, and that was also about the time they discovered America as a holiday destination. Then Sherlock disappeared into London… well, you know the rest of the story."
The thought of their last assignation in the garage brings out a brief smile. Maybe he shouldn't worry too much about that threat. Jim can blow hot and cold, but eventually that mercurial moodiness gives way to pleasure, and for that, Sebastian has been his go-to person.
John moves closer. Small. Plastic. Black. Face down on the living room carpet. He knows exactly what it is.
Mycroft rolls his eyes. "Perhaps I should include you in that group of annoyingly rebellious personnel."
It's a challenge that breaks through the brain fog that Sherlock knows is a side-effect of the hefty dose of heroin that Moran must have used to move him south. Oddly, he realises that the small concrete room he's in now doesn't correspond to any building he'd seen in his research on Moriarty's estate. Is there something he can do with that fact? Does it mean anything useful? Why hasn't Moran delivered him to Moriarty? How can he protect John? Can he provoke Moran into killing him now, before John can be on scene? Will that give him the alibi he needs?
a patient — he'll be all the drama. There's certain stuff he hates particularly viciously such as a strep throat and the sort of malaise that fever gives you; you know when even the blanket hurts a bit everywhere?"
"I would say that the reason for hiring an assistant isn't my current lifestyle but one I am considering, which would involve a novel division of my time between King's College Hospital and Great Ormond Street Hospital for Children. That will entail some level of human resource management, and juggling responsibilities between two different workplaces."
Sherlock shrugs, "You wanted to kill him; I'd rather you didn't go to prison for murder. It would put a damper on our reunion."
Mycroft draws breath. "The message sought payment in the form of bitcoin. It's something that both ‘5’ and ‘6’ have been working on, and we think there is a way to attach a tracking code to it that won't be picked up by anyone. With your agreement now, I can authorise payment. When it is traced to the criminal, we'll have the evidence we need to arrest him. And the receiving exchange is on Malta. We will inform the authorities there that this is a bogus transaction and a crime in progress. We shouldn't lose any money."
' was the more precise wording on the letter from the Board of the GOSH.  Thanks to Sherlock's controversial but time-saving pre-application interviews, the team had been recruited in record time. The office that has been a hypothetical space on a blue-print for months is now occupied and humming with activity. Because of the pressure of this being round two of trying to assemble a functioning shunt research team, expedited construction costs had been approved by the Trust board and the Dahl Foundation.
John nods. "I know that the verdict said that the balance of probability was suicide, but I don't buy it. I never have and I never will."
Twenty to two—the clock on the wall silently ticks away the seconds as Sebastian settles in to wait. This is familiar territory. For the next few minutes, as Jim is engrossed in whatever machinations are playing out via text on his phone, Sebastian runs through the layout of the court one last time. It's a habit he has, even when there is no clear and present danger. The sniper, the bodyguard—these roles mean he's never able to look at a location without considering escape routes, line of sight, sources of potential threats. Not wanting to be caught carrying a gun, he's left it in the custom-made compartment in the Porsche, relying instead on the ceramic blade he carries to take him through the obligatory metal detector that seem ubiquitous in any public building these days.
Unfolding from his seat, he stands and goes to the fridge to see about starting something for dinner. John is working remotely today and would be coming downstairs famished.
Mycroft has only arrived home a few minutes earlier. His suit jacket still hangs off the back of one of the kitchen chairs and the ice in the highball glass on the table —  Tanqueray gin and tonic — has yet to start melting. At the kitchen sink facing away from him, shirt sleeves rolled up neatly and slicing through a lemon on the cutting board, his brother glances up at Sherlock’s reflection in the window.
Sherlock gets to it first and opens the app responsible for the notification alert, his eyes narrow on the screen and then he turns around to glare at Mycroft.
His literalness gives me a get-out, so I laugh. "Yeah, I kind of guessed that. What I meant is that I got worried when there was no reply to my texts, and it started getting dark."
John hovers near the door. If asked, he would say that after sitting too long it gives him a chance to shake out his old bones. Truth be told, he’s not at all convinced that Moriarty’s reincarnation isn’t just going to come waltzing into the living room of Baker Street and bid them all a good morning.
be done within the parameters I have proposed. Not because they are unrealistic, but because the recruitment can easily be a failure and the whole house of cards come down because of such human factors. Factors I can't entirely control. Factors which depend on the compatibility of employee work methods and personalities."
John removes his hand and readjusts his seat so that he can hold his bad knee a little straighter. "Oh? He's not on the Spectrum, is he?"
Her look is calculating. "I'm having trouble here, so help me out. Mary told me to leave you alone; that you were not the sort to head into bed with a bridesmaid. Yet you've taken me dancing and out for a meal twice and I am now in your sitting room, drinking a late-night coffee." Mischievously, she leans forward and asks, "What are your intentions, Sherlock Holmes?"
But, if they had taken an injured man suffering from life-threatening blood loss into a hospital without an A&E, surely he'd be moved on ...
I put my knuckle on his sternum again, but this time without any force. "No, you're sure as hell going to keep your eyes on me right now."
John is drawing the tea bags when he hears Sherlock make his way into the kitchen. Perhaps it is the way that Lestrade, seated at the kitchen table to his right bristles, or perhaps he just has a sixth sense for Sherlock’s presence. Either way, when he turns back around, mugs in hand, to place one directly in front of Lestrade, Sherlock is there, slouching against the kitchen door frame watching him.
the one that says he knows what is going on and that Sebastian doesn't. He enjoys it, making Sebastian feel not only stupid, but unworthy of his confidence.
“Quite.” A responding grin tries its best to tug at the corner of Sherlock’s mouth but disappears just as quickly at the sight of Mycroft appearing at the top of the steps. He sniffs. “The queen awaits.”
Moriarty's serial murder-by-suicides showcase that same flamboyant smoke and mirrors touch. Theatrical. Dressed up to impress. In fact, when all was said and done, the psychopath had simply recruited his candidates via a suicide chat room and then applied a little psychology to push vulnerable people over the edge. In most of the cases, he hadn't even bothered to get own his hands dirty, just provided money, orders to unwitting minions, or incentives to make things go his way. The stages had been set, the performances enacted in their macabre style, simply to attract Sherlock's attention.
, the ease and comfort of their domesticity? Instead of dead, lifeless flesh, why can't he dream about their intimacy, when heat and passion had ignited things in both of them that kept their respective demons at bay?
"Sounds very nice, but you seem conflicted," Doctor Pichler points out. "Why? What is there that is worrying you?"
It's fifteen minutes past ten now, and John wonders if he should text Sherlock to see what's keeping him. John hopes that he hadn't got so drunk as to be sleeping off a hangover.
Need and want are two different things in Janine's book. Sherlock may not want to admit his feelings, but his need for John Watson is detectable, even to her eyes. Sherlock looks sad when he thinks she can't see him. She'd done her best, but knows it's not enough; in Sherlock's case, no woman could ever compete with John Watson.
. This is the question he really does not want to answer in front of these people. Moriarty is grinning at him, as if willing him to confess. Moran is smirking in the row behind him. But what really grates on John's nerves is how Mycroft is looking
The Swiss purses his lips. "Perhaps it is not my place, but I have some advice… Your husband needs comforting more than chastisement. For all the cases of avalanche I have treated here, there is one thing: it is an
John takes another sip of his coffee. "Trying to tell me something? Reverse psychology to get rid of us?" he teases.
Lestrade is staring at him, concern warring with annoyance in his expression. The DI had turned up the police station alongside Waterloo train station about ninety minutes after John's allotted phone call. John's watch, wallet, keys and phone had been taken from him and he was formally arrested, then put into an interview room until the DI could arrive.
Before Sebastian has a chance to finish, Jim releases his hold to grab his hips, digging his fingers into the flesh. Once, twice—two savage thrusts that cross the line into pain—and then he's coming. Sebastian lets go of the headrests and slumps over the back of the car as Jim continues to slam home, milking the violence of the moment until Sebastian wants to scream.
John sighs. "Let's add in the fact that you had already relapsed before Moran got to you. It may well be enough to trigger withdrawal. Just what you need."  He concentrates and then Sherlock feels the pinch, prick and then the momentary pain of the cannula needle. John tapes the line in place and hooks the bag over the tall bedpost on the headboard. "Saline, a bit of sugar." Quickly, he then uses the port to inject a dose of antibiotics. "Broad-spectrum … God only knows what you were exposed to in that bunker and the blockhouse. Now lie back and let me clean and rebandage the chest wounds."
