"I'm Congressman Salinas," the man said. "Eduardo Salinas. We met last night?" Tony had to think about it for a minute before a bell finally rung.
Despite the apparent onslaught of media coverage, Stane wasn't aware of the tape's existence. In fact, as he let out a long, continuous rant at Rhodey about the whole ordeal of being called to the hospital, the thing he seemed the angriest about was the fact that his ex-wife refused to take the kids and as a result had to pay the nanny overtime. (A cost which only added up to pennies on the dollar, but was apparently the equivalent to the king's ransom the way Stane griped on about it.) Honestly, that came as a slight relief to Rhodey.
"We can sort this out later," Steve said. "It's more important that we find Tony." Natasha raised an eyebrow.
While withdrawing from alcohol, there was a risk that the sufferer could fall into a seizure. Tony himself had nearly gone into cardiac arrest when Bruce mentioned that, and with the way Steve had paled, he could imagine that he wasn't far behind him. Bruce was quick to amend that seizures only occurred in about fifteen percent of patients, but Lara questioned the sample size and pointed out that fifteen percent could still be a disconcerting number of people. All that did was make Tony wonder if he had the legal authority to send her to a nursing school so she could learn a proper bedside manner.
"Someone broke into Tony's house." The cop shot an irritated look at Lara. "Oops," she said despite her smirk. Pepper's eyes went wide, and she looked back and forth between the cop and the blonde woman.
The appointment had been going surprisingly well. Dr. Cranston seemed to know what she was doing. She listened to what he had to say; really listened. She never asked Tony to repeat himself and the questions she asked were intelligent and well-structured rather than vague or leading. That made it much easier for Tony to explain everything that had been going on honestly without holding too much back.
Unfortunately, life wasn't so kind. A wave of nausea crashed down on Tony hard. Before he knew it, he was surging to his feet and rushing back to the bathroom, the bowl in his hands being held just below his chin to catch any escaping bile. Desperately, Tony hoped he could make it through the rest of the flight without literally throwing his guts up.
"Of course not," Lara said. "I'll go to Union Station. I remember the mall there had an ice cream place and they're bound to be open 24/7."
They took a cab to Union Station. Although D.C. hadn't gotten snow in a few days, it hasn't gotten warm enough for the snow they already had to melt, either. As such, they didn't want to walk there, so taking a cab seemed like the best option, especially when you considered that Lara was wearing open-toed shoes.
"I am!" Oswin burst out into sobs. She put her head down for a few seconds and let out a couple strangled sobs, clearly trying to regain a sense of composure. When she looked up, she had to brush hair out of her face and her mascara was dying the dark trail of tears down her cheeks black. She looked him straight and clearly in the eyes. "I am telling the truth. I have powers that allow me to go unnoticed whenever I want. That's how I got around the security at Stark Industries, and I had help from Vasyl Knežević and
"Right," Freeman agreed. "That's why if there is something you don't want to be asked about, you have to tell us now." Clint and Natasha exchanged quick looks with each other.
Although S.H.I.E.L.D. was formed from the remains of the SSR, and thus had extensive files on Project: Rebirth and Dr. Abraham Erskine's research, they were having trouble figuring out how Rogers was able to survive for so long in the ice and how they should go about reviving him. Obviously, no one had foreseen that Rogers was going to be frozen in ice with no direct access to food, water, or sunlight for over sixty-five years, but somehow, he managed to survive it. They tried to look for any kind of file that mentioned cold-resistance in relation to the serum injected into Rogers' body but were coming up empty. They could theorize that Rogers' enhanced healing capacity contributed to it, but other than that there was nothing for them to go on. They had no way of knowing if Captain Rogers would awaken from his coma and if he did, whether he'd be able to function as a normal human being, never mind taking on the role of Captain America again.
"Thank you," Lara said as she moved to stand beside Pepper. Pepper, however, didn't even acknowledge that Lara said anything, instead keeping her eyes on the officer in front of her.
"Nope," Tony said, popping the "p." "They just made it more complicated." Lara pushed the phone into his hands.
"I'm sure." Getting the confirmation, she needed, Lara pulled herself to her feet, using the desk as leverage. Once she was on stable footing, Tony gently grabbed her wrist, forcing her to look him in the eye. "Don't give it to Steve." Lara hesitated a moment – seemingly shocked – before it clicked how seriously those words were being impressed upon her. Slowly, she nodded in understanding.
"I don't think that's necessary, Mr. Adoniram." Carol tried to pull her hand back, but Adoniram didn't relent.
"Steve," Rhodes said, prompting him to look back up. "We're just as guilty of doing that. Hell, we tried to ignore it for years. That's even worse."
"Shit," he heard Lorraine mutter on the other end of the line. "I thought that wasn't until next week."
"I know, I know," she said. "But it's a long story and I'd need time to explain it all properly. Also, no offence, but none of you seem exactly comfortable right now."
"Right," the man said. "Well, Oswin, what would you say if I told you that I was about to make you an offer you couldn't refuse?"
"Yeah," Steve said. "I got that, but that doesn't mean you run out into the street!" As he was saying that, Steve realized that he was talking to a brick wall. Tony was drunk. Of course, he wouldn't see danger when it was right in front of him. Steve facepalmed at his own stupidity. That conversation could wait until Tony was sober. For right now, the bigger issue was getting him away from where he could hurt himself and getting him to rest.
"You ain't leaving me with much of a choice here either," Johnny called back. "That's why I'm going to give you to the count of five to get your louse-ridden, yellow-bellied carcasses out of here before I start shredding them apart with bullets."
"What is that? What is that?" He looked around the car in absolute terror, expecting to see a SWAT team surrounding the car, waiting to arrest him for attempted grand theft. However, he was not greeted by that sight, nor could he find the source of the noise. Eventually, he realized it was coming from the laptop's speakers. "Oswin," he called out to no avail. "Oswin!" That time she seemingly heard him as the banging stopped abruptly.
"Mr. Stark," the FBI agent said. "Glad you could join us. Special Agent Robin Bergeron, FBI." He held out his hand and Tony shook it.
"Because I've been up for two days panicking about that video," he reluctantly admitted. He kept his head down so Rhodey couldn't see his expression, but from the sound of his voice, he could tell that he was trying not to cry. That was something he'd only seen Tony do twice in his life. The first time was four years prior when Tony's parents were killed in a car accident, the second was when the man who practically raised him – Edwin Jarvis – passed away earlier that year. While the fact that he was currently detoxing probably had something to do with it, showing such outward emotion spoke volumes about how affected he was by this. He truly thought his life was over, and that made Rhodey's heart sink. Gently, he put a supportive hand on Tony's shoulder.
"That's all I've got, too," Bruce said. "I was working in my office when JARVIS told me to evacuate."
"You were drunk yesterday, too," Romanoff pointed out. "I know. I smelled it on you and Steve told me you had a few on the plane." Tony's heart stopped for a moment. It felt like someone had poured a bucket of ice water over him.
"You don't know that," Pepper said. "Tony, when I saw you this morning, you looked like you were on your deathbed and to hear that doctor suggest that you might have AIDS… Tony, you're still my friend. I don't want to lose you." Tony's expression softened.
"So, how much are you going to pay me and what do you want me to steal?" A wicked grin spread across his face.
"I know you like boys and girls." Steve's head snapped up and his eyes went wide. Terror was too calm of a word to describe what he was feeling. "It's alright. Believe me, I am the last person on Earth who would publicly out you. That's not something I'd wish upon anyone." Steve's heart was pounding, and his mind couldn't comprehend anything that was happening.
"Hi, Lara. I di-" Lara hit the "end call" button faster than she had hit anything in her life. She had no idea why Dante was calling her this early in the morning, all she knew was she didn't want to hear it. Unfortunately, her hang up didn't get the message across. Dante must have immediately re-dialed her number because the unknown number popped up again within seconds. Lara rejected that call and two more before she was able to properly power off her phone. She returned the device to her messenger bag and climbed back into bed.
Grace then turned and left the room. Margot allowed Adoniram to kiss the back of her hand before following her out. Within moments of their departure, Salinas and Freeman entered the room. Salinas walked in with his usual confidence, holding out his hand for Adoniram to shake and flashing him his almost iconic million-dollar smile.
"Thank you," Tony whispered into Steve shoulder, a few stray tears falling from his eyes. "Thank you."
Yeah, I'm still basically brain-dead. I don't know what's wrong with me but I don't think I'm getting enough oxygen to my brain. Can someone help with that?
The two CDC personnel on either side of the man who for all intents and purposes looked to be the leader of the group quickly descended upon Barton. They poked and prodded at him, likely trying to determine if he was showing any early onset signs or symptoms. Barton took it like a champ, although admittedly there seemed to be some anxiety in his voice as he answered the leader's questions. Tony would have paid more attention to what was being said if it wasn't for the sudden lurch that his stomach gave.
"In the top drawer of the cabinet behind you, sir." The first thing Tony did once Steve got on the plane was to introduce JARVIS to him. He had explained that the disembodied voice was an AI (artificial intelligence) that he created himself. You could ask JARVIS almost anything and the AI would respond within a few seconds. The concept both amazed and terrified Steve at the same time; amazed because he couldn't believe that Tony had created something so complex and sophisticated as a computer that could think on its own, terrifying because he couldn't believe that technology had advanced to a point where people could create intelligent life out of thin air. He could only imagine what horrible things someone could do with that. Luckily, Tony had probably anticipated a reaction like that and decided to introduce JARVIS to him ASAP before the AI scared him half to death. Steve couldn't be more thankful for that at least.
"We'll see about that," Carol remarked. At the same time, a small, sleep-laden voice spoke up from within the bedroom.
"That's what happened earlier," Clint added. "I left the door to my room open and Lucky got out. He managed to traverse his way downstairs and caught up to the two of us. As soon as Bruce saw him, he let me go and started petting the dog." Slowly, he saw the beginnings of a smile cross Natasha's lips.
"Well, they can't all be winners." Internally, panic was beginning to grip him. "Maybe look through the drawers, see if anyone wro-"
"That's fine," Tony said. "Well, Happy, Pepper, Steve, and I were actually going to meet with someone on Saturday."
"Call me Tony, Steve." Tony had a rather sweet-looking smile on his face. It distracted Steve so much that the most he was able to get out were a small "alright." Luckily, Hill's abruptly interjecting voice brought him back to reality.
"No, nothing like that," she assured. "My sister actually bought it for me one Christmas as a joke. I'd bring it in, but it's only about one foot in size and meant to be a bed for a cat." Cranston laughed again, but eventually she waved herself off and gestured to the empty chair in front of her. "Sit, sit. I promise I don't bite."
"You won't be violating his privacy," Rhodes assured. "Hell, it'd probably be easier for me to tell you rather than try to have him explain it."
Tony was careful to open the door as quietly as possible and only allowed it to open far enough so that way he could squeeze through without the light from outside rousing Steve. Once inside, he shut it again and slowly started padding over to the edge of the bed that Steve was facing. Getting down on his knees, Tony was face-to-face with his sleeping boyfriend. Steve's face was so serene when he slept. It was like all ninety-three years of his life melted off his face. He was so beautiful that Tony could kiss him.
"He might know something," Natasha said right away. "Freeman, about Stark. I can't be sure, though. He was very vague."
"Honestly, not at all," he admitted. "The only time I met her before now was when she saved my drunk ass from freezing to death. Why? What's wrong?"
"So, Stark," she said. "There's something I needed to talk to you about." To her surprise, he scoffed.
"No buts," Pepper said, holding up her index finger to silence his objection. "Has she, or has she not?" Tony looked down.
Rhodes went through the whole disassembly process at a brisk pace. The only thing that slowed him down was the machinery tasked with removing the heavy plates of armor. Once he was finally free of the bulky protective gear, he jumped down from the assembly station and rushed for the door.
Freeman looked like a nervous wreck. He sat in his chair with his legs set apart and his hands clasped together. His gaze was directed down at the ground and Lara could have sworn she saw beads of sweat running down his bald head. While she might not be a PR "expert," she also wasn't an idiot. She knew that was only serving to make Stark Industries – and by extension, the Avengers – look bad. She was relieved when the camera zoomed in to get a tighter shot on the S.H.I.E.L.D. representative, thereby taking Freeman out of the frame. Now, the public wouldn't have to bear witness to that embarrassment.
"Think about it," Adoniram said. "We have an ex-Stark employee on our hands, and not only do we have plausible grounds for a wrongful termination lawsuit, but we also have access to a literal treasure-trove of Stark Industries secrets. We can expose all of them."
Within an instant, she was pulling her suitcase out from underneath her bed. She had removed all of her clothing and essentials from it days ago, but she was almost certain she stuffed the one particular thing she was looking for in it's front pocket shortly after that night in D.C. where she tried to play into a scam. She found that she was correct and pulled out the packet she'd been handed by Lucy the recruiter all those weeks ago. The cover page was titled
Ehehe... If you don't already want to kill me, you're going to want to by the time you get to the endnote.
"I tried," he explained. "I don't know what happened. I just… Couldn't." That was the best way to describe what had happened in that moment. It felt like he couldn't do anything no matter how hard he tried. There was probably a proper word for that, but Tony didn't want to tax his brain trying to think of it right then.
I have not seen Spiderman: Far From Home yet, and I'm probably not going to until sometime next week after all the Fourth of July craziness has calmed down. Please do not put any spoilers in your review, thank you.
He hadn't told Tony about his crush yet. Even though he knew Tony was bisexual as well, but he didn't think he'd return his feelings. He did come close, though. The week before Tony stayed over at his new apartment in Brooklyn since he didn't feel entirely safe staying in his unfinished penthouse during Hurricane Irene (even though he had already completely sealed off the exterior windows which were built to hold up against sustained wind speeds of almost three-hundred miles per hour, as JARVIS had informed them from Tony's phone.) It went well. They had pizza and tried to watch some movie Steve couldn't remember the title or the plot of before the power went out. Tony offered to go outside in his suit to try and fix the powerlines (or, even better, hook Steve's building up with Arc Reactor technology so that way the power would never go out again), but Steve managed to talk him into going to bed early. That's when Steve almost crossed over the point of no return.
"Can I just see your hand?" Tony said. "Come on, it'll only take a second." Suddenly, Conroy realized what was going on.
Freeman then straightened up, turned, and exited the room. Salinas shut the door behind him once he was gone. Turning to Adoniram, his face was full of pure irritation.
He was even less of a happy camper when he heard a knock at the door. Forcing himself to get up and gritting his teeth against the pain Tony got up and looked through the peephole. Seeing Pepper standing on the other side of the door, Tony quickly pulled his pants and his undershirt back on before opening the door.
"Alright," Natasha said. "I'll help you find Stark, but only because part of our deal was to get him back to the hospital, understood?"
"We're working the same case," Duran pointed out. "I think it'd be best if we maintained contact with each other and exchanged information, don't you?"
"Oh. I wouldn't be concerned about that." If the doctor spontaneously grew a second head, Tony would be less surprised.
Moving her gaze to Stark, Natasha automatically started analyzing him. His expression was grim yet carried a hint of exhaustion. His eyes were focused on the empty shot glass that he spun around in his hand. He studied it as if it had the answers to all of life's problems secretly engraved upon it. It might as well have, for all the good that would do.
"I mean, there wasn't a single shred of evidence to be found," she said. "Whoever did this was good. They were able to get in and out without being noticed or even leaving behind a speck of DNA."
"No." Stark tried to jump in and add his own two cents, but Natasha did not allow him to. Not until she finished. "Because I didn't write that report." Stark narrowed his eyes.
Carol's ears were ringing when she came to again. She felt a heavy weight pressing down on her shoulders, but she did not even attempt to shake it off or move. She was too tired. She wanted to sleep a little more.
Carol kicked the door open with one foot. She knew the first door on the left was a small bedroom and carried Stark there. She set him down on the bed and draped a quilt over him before going back to check on Jessica. Stepping out into the hallway, she saw Jess standing front doorway with one hand on her back. Her eyes were studying the burn mark on the door.
"Yes," Nina grumbled. "Though, the least you could do is buy a girl a drink first." Duran ignored the comment and got straight to the point.
global catastrophe and I ended up dialing you by mistake. I do not see what the big deal is, though. You obviously didn't have to travel far."
"Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump," Tony explained. I'm going to have to get in there and push."
"I wasn't born diabetic," she explained. "I had a bullet rupture my pancreas and part of my stomach. The doctors were able to repair my stomach, but they had to amputate the part of my pancreas that produces insulin, leaving me diabetic."
Amazingly, Tony was able to find their limo with relative ease. Steve had to applaud him for that. He was perfectly sober, and he couldn't tell one from the other. Though, their driver was standing in front of it, smoking a cigarette, so that was probably a helpful indicator. Tony shouted at the man that they were leaving and – looking rather annoyed – the driver stamped out his cigarette. Steve offered him an apology, but the driver acted like he didn't hear it.
"Let me correct that," Stark said. "This is the first time you've been dying and had time to mull it over." Clint opened his mouth to argue, but he realized Stark might be right. Every other time he'd been dying or close to death, it either happened so quick he didn't even have time to process it or he didn't possess the awareness to even really think about it. "That's what I thought," Stark said after Clint went a few moments without responding. "Well, I've been dying or in a situation where I could die more times than I can even count at this point, and let me tell you, watching other people watch you die is worse than dying itself."
"Alright. Sorry." Stark clearly got that he needed to back off and said nothing else after that. Clint rolled onto his side, thinking that another hour or two of sleep wouldn't hurt him.
A silence fell over the room again. Steve didn't hear the person leave, so he felt safe in assuming that the person was still sitting next to him. He tried opening his eyes again, but he couldn't. Then, he heard the person speak up.
Carol was taken aback by fear. It was truly was a stroke of luck that she happened to be in the same place as the "religion's" founder, especially since the church had multiple locations in this city alone. However, she wasn't sure if that was good luck or bad luck. She had to hope for good, though. After all, he was probably the best hope she had at finding out the Church's connection to the Kree.
"What does it look like?" Knežević growled and tried to lunge after Steve, but Steve slammed his now stone-reinforced replica shield into his side. Knežević groaned upon hitting the ground. Natasha appeared beside him and bent down to restrain his arms.
"Besides," she said. "We've already called in an expert on cellular biology to examine the letter and your insight would be a great help to her." Bruce narrowed his eyes.
"Hey," Lara said from the archway, catching their attention. "What's going on?" Somehow, Natasha's smirk got brighter.
Steeling himself as he passed through the ring of blue light, Tony was instantly struck by the sight before him; a single spacecraft surrounded by dozens of those sky-whales and hundreds upon thousands of Chitauri soldiers. The air was quickly escaping from his suit and he really wished he hadn't told JARVIS to skip the spinning rims. Ocean-proofing wasn't the same thing as space-proofing, but at least then there'd be a chance that the air wouldn't escape as fast. A snowball's chance in Hell, but still a chance.
"Security is down there now." Dr. Griffith kept his voice calm and neutral, hoping it would help diffuse the situation. "They're sealing off the labs as a crime scene. LAPD is in route."
That was, until she set forth to the task. Then her face was complete determination. She ran through the tests fast, which was a relief. Though, at one point during the test, Tony couldn't help but ask, "was that girl okay? Jessica?" Dr. Smith was silent for a moment before answering.
"Well, I do what I can for my friends," he said. "And hopefully they will do what they can for me." Natasha eyed him suspiciously.
Adoniram moved to sit in the armchair he usually sat in when there were meetings in his study. Salinas and Freeman arrived rather quickly, with Salinas careful to shut the door behind him. When he turned around, anger clearly marred his face.
"If I did, we would all be dead right now." Alright, Lara did have to give him that one. It was a good point. "Listen, it's probably not as bad as you think. Tony is drunk after all. Chances are he won't remember any of this tomorrow." Lara took a deep breath and slowly nodded in agreement.
"No," Lara said. "I see them most mornings when I come into work and it seems like they're mostly just doing church services. They only get upset when security or the police ask them to leave."
"No, it's not," Lara agreed. "But it's the safest option for him, so we just have to hope that he can make it work." Slowly, Steve nodded, trying to accept what he was being told. Lara did not know how much of it he really did, but she had other things to be concerned about.
"Who is he?" she asked. "Jess mentioned something about him flying a nuke into space?" Fury let out a bit of a humorless laugh.
"I'm not ready for that yet," he said. "Don't get me wrong, I've wanted to have sex with you for quite a while now, but given everything that's happened and all the emotional shit we're going to have to deal with until then… I just… I'm not ready and frankly, I don't think you are either." To be honest, Steve was quite relieved upon hearing that. As much as he wanted to be with Tony, he agreed that it would be better for both to have that option completely off the table, at least until they felt comfortable enough with each other and felt emotionally prepared to deal with everything that came with being in a sexual relationship. For now, he'd be fine with hugs, cuddling, and a healthy dose of kissing. Speaking of which, Steve once again pressed a soft kiss against the top of Tony's head.
"I quit," Natasha clarified. "And I thought you promised Commander Hill that you'd have Captain Rogers back by ten." Tony couldn't help but snort at that.
Every time the police came to remove the Church members from the property, the members would claim religious discrimination and harassment. They'd usually have to be carried out while screaming about how the NYPD was fascist pigs that were preventing them from freely practicing their religion and about how the United States was a "fascist paradise" trying to suppress all its people. Having spent a portion of her childhood in Europe, Lara couldn't help but laugh at the notion. Obviously, these people had no idea what true fascism was and was ignoring the fact that there was currently a Democrat in office.
"No, I physically flew into the Tower myself," Carol clarified before the argument could progress further. "No planes, no missiles… Just me and my physical body." Then, Carol's brow scrunched in confusion. "Wait, what happened to the Twin Towers?"
"I left mine in the front pocket of my duffle bag," she said. "If you're running up there, can you get it for me?" Clint nodded and took the card.
"Thanks," Tony said. "But I don't need it." He then turned and launched himself off the assembly platform, taking off on what was sure to be a long, harrowing journey.
"My apologies, Brother Daniel," he said. "But you have to understand that what I just learned is quite shocking."
"It was the funniest thing I could think of," was the best he could come up with. "And I could use the laugh." Natasha frowned.
"The powder's color," Betty said, cutting him off. "It's sort of a tan/off-white." It took a second for Bruce to see it, but he could agree that the description was correct.
"Nothing, nothing," she assured. "Just… I don't know, the stammering is just kind of cute. You must've really loved her, or still love her." Bruce blinked. He knew that it wasn't Betty that was making him so tongue-tied.
"Up and at 'em, Sleeping Beauty," she said instead, shaking his foot. "We have a guest." Clint peeled open his eyes and sat up, letting out a yawn as he did so.
"What?" Tony narrowly dodged the blow and grabbed ahold of Lara's arm to keep her from attacking him again. "Non non! Je ne suis pas ta maman! Réveillez-vous!" With that, Lara's eyes snapped open and darted around the room in clear confusion.
Yes, Steve was afraid to have sex with Tony. Part of that was because he was afraid, he had hurt him. He had only a handful of sexual experiences with both men and women prior to being administered the Super Soldier Serum, and even fewer afterwards. He had only had sex with women since then, so in his opinion that only added to his record of inexperience. None of that helped, especially when his sexual history was dwarfed in comparison to Tony's. He was probably expecting a lot more than Steve could give him, especially when Steve was not sure whether he'd be able to control his strength. It took a couple of times to get a control of that with women (leaving them with some awkward bruises to explain away the next day) and since the mechanisms of sex was fundamentally different between the two genders, he couldn't reasonably expect to get it right on the first try, and he didn't want Tony to suffer for that. He loved him too much to be able to bear the possibility of that.
"I'm not," Tony agreed. "I know I'm not. At this point, it's just an automatic response." Steve nodded.
"I was just shaking the envelope a little bit," Betty explained. "Trying to get a little more of the powder to look at. Instead, this came out." She opened her clenched fist, revealing a thin strip of cardboard with a shiny coating. Bruce's eyes went wide.
Remember kids, if God tells you to kill people, you're most certainly not crazy and should go ahead and carry out vigilante justice in one of the most gentrified neighborhoods in one of the most gentrified cities in the world with the exception of Dorchester. That part of Boston is still largely segregated, sadly.
"I take it that it also increased your alcohol tolerance," Stark remarked, though his eyes were still on the box.
"No." Tony just blinked in confusion. "I haven't done anything wrong. Why should I worry about what the press has to say about me?"
Just so everyone's aware, in this universe, the chain of presidents is going to go Obama - Elias (to be compliant with Iron Man 3) - Trump. Most of the reason is that the MCU is rather inconsistent with this. In Iron Man 3 and Captain America: The Winter Soldier it's stated that the fictitious character of President Elias, while Luke Cage and the Runaways supposedly make direct references to President Obama. (I've only seen the first season of Luke Cage and none of the Runaways, so don't take my word a hundred percent, I'm just going off of what I've heard.) If I don't get to the Obama - Elias transition (because I probably won't remember to when I go to adapt Iron Man 3) I'm just going to state right now that instead of Mitt Romney, Obama went against Elias in the 2012 election. Obama lost because the public wasn't entirely impressed with how he responded to the Battle of New York and went with Elias, who took a harder stance. As far as the Elias - Trump transition... I think that's going to be a major theme in the lead up to something else so I'm not going to touch on it. Just remember that's how it's going to go. Obama - Elias - Trump.
"You okay," a wary, slightly accented female voice said. Natasha looked up to see Stark's assistant and found that the question was directed at Stark.
"Gentlemen," Natasha interrupted. "You might want to step inside in a minute." Both Steve and Bruce gave her puzzled looks. "It's gonna get a little hard to breathe." Just as she said that loud mechanical
The person was talking to someone off-screen, but from the angle the camera was at, Rhodey could see the person's face, let alone attempt to read lips. The only thing that made it clear that there were two people there were the two distinctive – albeit distorted – voices exchanging words. What they said couldn't possibly be made out, but that wasn't what Rhodey was trying to do. He was listening to see if he could hear any recognizable qualities to the man on-screen's voice. However, the audio was messed up completely beyond all recognition and thus he couldn't hear anything definitive; just two voices talking back and forth.
Remember kids, if your friend posts publically on Facebook that she's babysitting today, don't text them trying to make plans for the day and get pissed when your friend can't come over because "you never told me!" Yes, I did. I know I did because you liked the status! (I told you my attention's being pulled in six different directions!)
"Oh, yes," Salinas said. "We launched a retaliatory attack against the Avengers. We didn't tell you because we needed you to act authentic in front of the authorities."
When he got down the stairs, Steve found Clint and Natasha at the front desk arguing with the concierge. He didn't need to get too close to know that the exchange was very heated.
"No," Pepper said after a few moments passed without Tony speaking up. "No, we're good for now." The doctor nodded.
She didn't think Steve had gotten any sleep either. Although she had gotten him to stop pacing and calm down a bit, that didn't erase all the underlying anxiety. They had tried to play games to pass the time, but given that Steve didn't know much about pop culture and there wasn't a deck of cards to be found, they were stuck playing "Guess What Number I'm Thinking Of." That game eventually petered out and both had decided to call it a night (or afternoon. It was hard to determine the passage of time when you were in a place without clocks or sunlight.)
"I know guys with none of that worth ten of you." Tony wanted to point out that those guys were dead guys, but he couldn't be that petty. Not unless he was provoked. "I've seen the footage. Hell, I've seen you in action myself. The only thing you really fight for is yourself. You're not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you."
"Are you serious?" He felt like hitting something, so he slammed his fist hard against the passenger-side window. He flinched a little bit from the pain. "Ah – You just said you got spotted by five guards! What the hell are you thinking and shit, what are your windows made of?"
doesn't know which floor the security office is on," he pointed out. "And more importantly, she doesn't have a key to the elevator so she can get back up."
After going over his diagnosis with him, Dr. Holcomb went over the medications Dr. Rawls had put him on and a few others she had added herself to help reduce his recovery time. She did note that his fever had already gone done from the scary 105.3 degrees that it was when he first came in, to a less dangerous 102.7. The only real worry she had about the infections that were plaguing him was the risk of him drowning in his own bodily fluids.
"Alright. I'll see you at dinner." He started to lean in, but at the last second, Steve forcibly pulled himself back. Tony had to look on in disappointment as he watched the three of them start to head for the stairs.
"Hello Mr. Stark, Agent Barton," he said. "I'm Dr. John Wayne." Both Clint and Stark's expressions grew alarmed. "Like the actor, not the serial killer. If it makes you feel any better, know I was born a year before he was caught."
That was true. As soon as she got the message (and some pants on,) Carol was in the air. The location trace on the pager had sent her to Avengers Tower and when she realized that her heart almost stopped. Over the past two weeks, when Carol wasn't spending time with her niece and her best friend, she had been doing research into the so-called "Battle of New York." Fury had given her the short version, but she had wanted to find out the true extent of it all.
"Ma'am," he said. "We've been asked by S.H.I.E.L.D. not to comment as for as their exact role and extent of involvement in the incident. So, again, can you stop with those questions? That would be great." Everhart frowned for a moment and Tony couldn't help but feel a little smug. Clearly, it wasn't the first time she had pressed the issue. Quickly, she seemed to accept this and moved on.
"What's done is done," he said. "Just don't let it happen again." Natasha nodded, relieved that at least this wouldn't be held against her. She looked back over and saw Banner handing Clint a golden furball.
"I was trying to convert a frequency waves into a transmittable signal that my phone could put out." Pepper narrowed her eyes.
"It's fine," Tony said. "It's not like anything else I've tried is even touching this thing." He wasn't even exaggerating. Everything he tried wasn't touching and he had too much to do in too little time to even bother thinking about going to a doctor. Plus, he had a feeling that if he did go to a doctor, he'd end up hospitalized. Sure, he could leave against medical advice, but that'd take too much time and he didn't want to miss his flight to go see Steve later today. Even if he only saw the guy for a grand total of two minutes while Fury had him "politely escorted" from the building, the five-hour long flight and pushing serious health concerns to the side would be worth it. Should he be worried that he was completely fine with doing both those things for a guy he only talked to for about fifty minutes, but then again, he's done lot worse things for a lot less. There's video evidence of it.
"Yeah," Tony agreed as he got up off the ground. As he pulled himself up, he could feel Steve put his hand on his lower back, probably to help steady him as he got up. This time Tony didn't brush off the touch or push him away, but he still tried to ignore how tight the simple touch made his chest. They had jobs to do, after all.
"What's going on?" he finally asked when it looked like she was done. Smith audibly took a deep breath.
"I went to get drinks with him, yes," Natasha said. "But on the way to the bar, I confronted him about how much he was drinking."
Knowing that she needed to inform Tony of this ASAP, Lara pulled her phone out of her back pocket and began texting as fast as she could.
"I don't doubt JARVIS," Tony said solidly. "But I know you're eventually going to have to hand the video over to the court. They're the ones I don't trust."
Surprisingly, after Hill left, the others stayed. Lara did leave to check her blood sugar at one point, but quickly returned and brought back breakfast with her, which the others were grateful for. A plate was left out for Steve, but he didn't bother to get up to eat it. Someone flipped on the TV and they spent the next few hours mindlessly watching television. Lara and Bruce were sitting in the loveseat across from Steve, Clint was curled up in one of the armchairs with his puppy, and Natasha remained in the same spot next to him. She had her hand on his shoulder as if to reassure, but the only person Steve wanted reassuring him was Tony.
"He's not breathing," he quickly concluded. Thor reached down for the mask, sticking his fingers into the slots where the eye LEDs sat and pulled it effortlessly off Tony's face. Steve brought his ear down to Tony's mouth and nose. He hoped that he was mistaken, but unfortunately, he couldn't hear him breathe. Steve pulled back and weakly set his hand down on the Arc Reactor. He didn't know what to do. He knew CPR, but he couldn't do it while the armor was still covering his chest and if they tried to rip it off, by then Steve worried it'd be too late.
"Yeah, I know that feeling," he said. "None of them are quick to trust and for good reason, but don't mistake that for intimidation. I did that and it almost ended in me angry-fucking Steve in front of everyone." Carol raised an eyebrow. "Yeah, that's a long and complicated story that I don't think I should dive into right now."
a Super Soldier. Pushing open the door to the foyer with his hip, Steve carried Tony over the threshold and down the hall to the local elevator.
However, he knew that was going to be difficult. For starters, one of the robbers – a woman by the name of Winnifred Oswald, whom Tony was certain would come back as the woman on the surveillance footage – had already been arrested and was in FBI custody. They did have a second suspect they were looking for, but the cop wouldn't give him a name or any other information like that. He understood it was an ongoing investigation and all, but he couldn't help but be frustrated about the whole thing.
The latter obviously didn't happen, but Steve honestly didn't expect it to. He's spent the past year trying to straighten out his mind and had little to show of it. It didn't help that a certain international spy agency was doing little if anything to help him. They just left him to his own devices from day one. If he hadn't met Tony immediately after he woke up, he'd probably have never even left the S.H.I.E.L.D. facility they were keeping him at. The only person from S.H.I.E.L.D. who honestly seemed like they were at least putting in the honest effort to be nice was surprisingly Natasha, the agent who had been sent to collect him after Tony kept him out a little too long on their totally-not-a-date. After that incident she took him out to dinner a couple of times and breakfast once (because apparently, the accommodations on the average S.H.I.E.L.D. Quinjet didn't include in-flight meals on overnight flights.) and honestly, he didn't feel like S.H.I.E.L.D. asked her to do that.
"So, I take that to mean it's too late to talk you out of this." Pepper gave him a small, sympathetic smile.
One would likely assume that if they destroyed an entire exposition center, putting at risk the lives of tens of thousands – if not hundreds of thousands – of people in said exposition center and the area surrounding it, they would promptly be booted out of that city and be banned from ever returning. That is, in the unlikely scenario that they were somehow able to get away with not getting charged with some sort of federal/criminal offence and double unlikely if the city happened to be New York post-9/11. They also most certainly not be allowed to purchase land in that city and be granted the proper permits to start constructing the world's first self-sustaining skyscraper, but people tend to overlook these things when there's a certain number of zeroes behind the five in your total net worth.
On cue, the two of them paused to see if they could hear Tony waking up. The bathroom remained eerily quiet. Lara sighed and looked at Steve.
"…Sure," was the eventual response he got. Steve slowly led the way down the first step, and carefully Tony followed him. They repeated the process for several more steps and despite being as inebriated as he was, Tony didn't close his eyes once. They made it to the bottom of the stairs safely and Steve started to lead Tony over to the bench.
Neither search team had searched by the elevators as Steve and Lara had already been by there and had seen no sign of Tony. So, when they started to approach the area, they were easily taken off guard by the maintenance employee swearing loudly in Spanish. Steve didn't understand much of the language, but he knew for sure that "punta" was one of the bad ones. That was enough to tell him and the others not to bother him and take the stairs instead.
The Battle is over, and now things are settling down for the Avengers! Time for some much-needed rest...
"You will have your war, Asgardian," the Other said as he slowly walked around the God of Mischief. "If you fail; if the Tesseract is kept from us, there will be no realm, no barren moon, no crevice where he cannot find you." The Other came to a stop directly behind Loki. "You think you know pain? He will make you long for something sweet as pain."
No matter what it was, Tony couldn't help but feel upset by that cold greeting. Regardless of the reason if Steve wanted to be like that, fine. Tony could be just as cold. Treat others as you'd like to be treated, after all.
"Yeah," she said. "I saw him out in the waiting room on the way here. He looked a little freaked out to me for some reason. Something happen?"
Over the past week, Freeman was spending a significant amount of time with the Avengers as they did their press tour. He wanted to see if he had found anything yet. Salinas was to be supervising Freeman as he worked so he could verify the validity of Freeman's claims. Recalling all of this, Adoniram nodded.
Suddenly, the Hulk let out a great roar. It was so unexpected that Steve jumped a little bit. What was even more unexpected, though, was the sharp gasp of air coming from the lifeless body next to him. Steve's head whipped around, and blue eyes connected with brown. Tony was
Despite her wants, that was not how things decided to go. Slowly but surely, sunlight began to spill over her eyes. She squeezed them tightly shut against it, but that did little to deter her body from being awakened. As the sunlight spread, the weight pressed against her back also lessened. Also, sounds started coming through clearer, but they still seemed like they were coming from further away than they were.
"You're the owner of the company," Steve said. "Of all people, I'd imagine you'd be allowed to take a day off if you need it."
They were lying in bed, together, again. (It wasn't like it could be helped this time. Steve only had the one bed after all.) All they were really doing was talking… And kind of cuddling… Not that either of them brought attention to that fact or even admitted that's what happened, but still, it was rather nice. Probably a little too nice as Steve apparently let his mind get carried away. At one point, Tony shifted forward and it brought his face tantalizingly close to Steve's. Steve could have sworn that Tony was going to go in and try to kiss him, but at the last second, Tony pulled back, leaving Steve lying there red-faced and confused. Tony didn't say anything about it afterward or the next day, so Steve just had to assume he was just reading too much into things.
"It's not…" Tony sighed, not really having the patience to explain it right now. "Look, just give me the phone for two seconds. I promise I'll give it right back and I'll listen to the rest of this stupid… Oh."
"You seemed upset when I said I wanted to go to the State of the Union," Tony pointed out. Steve sighed.
Special Agent Bergeron sat at his desk and tried to enjoy the ham and cheese with mayo he brought for lunch. It was a lot harder than he expected because how could he enjoy his sandwich when this case wasn't going anywhere? Finally deciding that he wasn't hungry, Bergeron put the sandwich down and went back to his hopeless search for leads.
"Okay." With a sharp breath Tony pulled his emotions back. The battle might be over, but they still had things to do – namely meeting with S.H.I.E.L.D. and dealing with all the bull they had to dish out. He hoped they'd be able to squeeze shawarma in before that. He couldn't remember the last time he ate anything substantial. Probably when Pepper forced him to sit down and eat a ham sandwich a few days ago. Regardless, he couldn't do either of those things if he was a pathetic, sobbing mess, so he forced himself to pull it together. Still, he couldn't help but sneak out one small form of comfort. "Don't let go of me." A small, soft grin appeared on Steve's face.
"I don't have time for this," she said as she turned around. "Banner, restrain him." Clint scoffed at the notion.
However, things were different now. Seventy years had passed, and the world had changed. The general stance on the topic had shifted to be more accepting (at least in the first world.) This had been explained to Steve multiple times. Natasha and Clint had done so during the flight to Stark Tower during the Battle of New York and some things Stark had said since indicated that he had this conversation with him as well. It was slightly infuriating. How many times did it need to be explained to him that no one cared if he and Stark were in a gay relationship and no one was going to hurt Stark because of that fact – particularly not a medical doctor – for that message to get through?
I hope you're all happy with the choice Tony made! It felt like it took forever to get him to that point, but he's taking the first steps toward recovery now, and that's the most important thing.
"Anywhere from two days to two weeks." Jessica let out a groan, but the doctor was unphased. It was clear she was used to dealing with difficult patients. "I brought everything I might need with me. Would you mind getting her to a bed?"
What's up you beautiful bastards? I hope you're having a fantastic Saturday! Welcome back to "Unbroken" and let's just jump into it!
"I can't drink champagne," he heard her shout up the stairs. Tony chose not to comment as he went up two flights of stairs, through his bedroom and into the en-suite bathroom. He was left feeling out of breath and dizzy by the time he got into the shower. It was so bad that he had to sit down and catch his breath.
The ringing was louder than ever, splitting Loki's skull in half and driving him to near deafness. Still, he tried. He fought against it, tried to remain in control. He didn't want it to take away his thoughts again. Even if he couldn't stop anything here from happening, he had to at least try.
"I'm going to get another drink." Tony felt surprised at how off-balance he was as he stood up. Hopefully, the others didn't notice. "Does anyone want anything?"
"The report you saw," she said. "Wasn't the one I wrote. I rejected you on the grounds that I didn't think you were mentally healthy enough to handle being on a team like the Avengers. I don't know who changed it or why, but the point is that you might be proving
Lara rushed into the bathroom stall at top speed. Of all the times to finally get her period, this had to be the worst. She slammed the stall door shut and locked it before she practically ripped her pants down and sat on the toilet. When she finally got the whole picture of what was going on, she almost fainted.
"You two took bets on whether or not I'd kiss Tony?" Steve brought a hand up to his face in a weak attempt to hide how red it was turning, both from embarrassment and anger. Tony glared at the two assassins, who were attempting to handwave the issue.
"Fuck the CDC," she said. "You kill those bugs and you kill them now. We need answers before Barton is dead."
"Alright," he said. "So, we're all impulsive assholes and sorry about it. Good to know we're on the same page as a team." Natasha groaned.
"We are not soldiers," Tony turned and snapped. This time, Steve didn't feel any surge in anger like he did when he was arguing with Tony before. Every time Tony spoke two words, he just felt himself getting angrier. Now, all Steve felt for Tony was sympathy. These were not words made in the heat of irrational anger. This was the pain of loss that was making Tony snap. It was completely understandable. "I'm not marching to Fury's fife."
"I'm sorry," he said. "But what does that translate out to?" Lara opened her mouth to answer, but Steve cut her off before she could even begin to speak.
The masked person on onscreen said something, but the audio was so distorted that it could not be clearly made out. By Rhodey's guess, he was trying to figure out if the camera was recording, as he immediately turned it away from his face and pointed it down at the carpeted floor below him. The man made another distorted remark – probably getting confirmation that yes, it was recording – before stepping up on to a bed.
"I should be apologizing to you Steve," Pepper said. "I didn't mean to scare you with the questions I was asking. I just wanted to make sure that you and Tony were safe."
"No, more like this." Carol's hands and feet seemingly burst into flames before she began to hover about a foot or so in the air. Steve and Natasha looked on in shock while for Tony it was more of a sense of awe. He knew Carol could fly – he just saw her do so just mere minutes before – but all capabilities to process it could not do so at the time. Seeing her do it with no threat of immediate danger made him realize that yes, it was real. After a moment or two in the air, Carol released her powers and easily landed on the ground.
Pepper huffed in aggravation, turned and left the room. She couldn't believe this and honestly had to wonder whether Tony had an actual death wish. As she walked down the hall, looking for a nurse she could notify of Tony's sudden disappearance, she heard Lara call out "I'm not fired, am I?"
"I've been great, actually," Betty said. "I've made some big strides in my research, things are going well with Leonard, I got a new office in the renovation…" Betty seemed to freeze there. It was very easy for Bruce to put together why the university would need to do a renovation.
"Well," Lara said from where she was sitting cross-legged on the floor. Exasperation clouded her voice and at some point, a bright-yellow sticky note got tangled in her loose hair. "One document turned into another, and then another, and then there was a packet with a bunch of things that needed to be signed, then I think a whole file cabinet, then the stack fell over, but we still had things we needed to sign…"
"But that would mean…" Clint paused for dramatic effect, looking distraught. "Don't tell me you had hot chocolate without me." Laura laughed.
"Are you sure I'm the one you should be saying that to?" Tony gestured to Lara, who looked close to passing out again; barely even acknowledging what was going on around her.
I hope everyone's having a wonderful holiday! I'm probably going to spend it relaxing in my room and hoping that tonight none of the neighbors sets off any fireworks because that is loud, annoying, and kind of a problem considering certain people I live with's mental health issues. (I should note the neighbors have actually been pretty good thus far about not setting off two many fireworks displays. I've only heard three total since Memorial Day whereas last year I was hearing three or four every night. I think the police might be cracking down on them.)
"Thor," he said. "You got to try and bottleneck that portal. Slow them down. You got the lighting. Light the bastards up." Spinning Mjolnir by the handle, Thor nodded and took off. Now it was on to Natasha. "You and me, we stay here on the ground. We keep the fighting here." Natasha gave an affirmative nod before turning to the final member of their team. "And Hulk…" The giant man turned to Steve with a growl. "Smash." The Hulk understood that, as he grinned at Steve before jumping up on the sides of two nearby buildings to smash a half a dozen Chitauri soldiers who had taken up sniper positions on the walls.
"You're not going to find him if you're panicked like this," Natasha said. "You just need to focus on breathing for a few minutes, alright?"
"Eh," Tony said. "I'm going to have to take some points off for making excuses, but overall, good apology. Nice work." Lara opened her mouth to protest, but Tony held up a finger to silence her. "Hold that thought. You just reminded me of something."
"Oh, I'm beyond cross!" Steam was practically blowing out of his ears. "What the hell was that? Do you even know what you're doing?"
Before it could fall to the ground, Tony swung back around and fired an explosive into a weak spot in the creature's armor. Steve quickly raised his shield and pulled Natasha down to cover them both from the explosion. Once it dissipated, they all quickly got to their feet and lined up in a back-to-back circle, ready for and expecting an enemy swarm to come down upon them in retaliation. Around them, they could all hear the Chitauri screeching in anger, but they were silenced when the Hulk let out a mighty roar.
"See you." She heard Pepper say as she walked out of the room, the door shutting behind her. Lara yawned widely as she started down the hall.
"Just a friend?" Bruce felt a feeling he could only describe as someone dropping a stone in his stomach.
"I can't tell you." Tony smiled and lifted his glass to his lips. "It'll ruin the surprise," he said before taking a sip.
"Clint." Natasha's warning tone cut him off and came along with a look that said "you're about to say the wrong thing. Stop now while you're ahead."
"Oswin, think about this rationally," Duran urged. "The police have the resources to protect you both."
"Because there are emergency showers downstairs," Stark explained. "If we're not infected already, we need to get any remaining traces of the powder off us fast. Technically, we do have a few emergency showers in the lab, but the CDC will probably want the entire place cleared and quarantined."
"Oh, hell no," he said. "I'm not driving seven-hundred miles to fucking New York. No way, no how. You couldn't pay me enough."
I will not be updating this fic at all during the month of August. The reason why is because my depression peaks around August (always has for some reason, I don't know why) and also because I have no events going on in August. My post dates usually revolve around holidays (like the Fourth of July), significant dates in the fandom (characters' birthdays, release dates for new content, anniversaries, etc.), or dates that have significance to me (family members' birthdays, dates I just have special attachments to) and sadly there's not a lot of these in August. I will still be writing, though. Although I usually take a break from posting, I don't stop writing. I usually use this time to stock up on chapters and allow myself to get ahead of the game. As I'm writing this I have chapters twelve, thirteen, fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, and seventeen already written and I'm working on chapter eighteen. I'm constantly paranoid that I'm going to catch up to myself and not have anything left to post, so hopefully, I can add a few more chapters to that list by the end of August.
"I know," he said. "I know you're not okay, but you've got to help me out here. Everything will be better once we get back to your room."
"Good," Lara said. "Because from the way he was acting before, I was scared that might be the case."
"I'll be right back," Oswin said with a pat on the shoulder before walking the short distance down the hall to go back into the kitchen. While she waited for her girlfriend to return, Nina sobbed endlessly into he hands, trying to wrap her head around this whole situation. First Oswin goes missing for days, then some Homeland Security agent shows up saying she's dead and asking all these questions, and then Oswin appears at her door acting like nothing was wrong. Something wasn't right here, and it was scaring Nina to death.
"Alright, then." Tony patted the empty space next to him. "Why don't you have a seat, Captain?" Steve's eyebrows raised, and he looked like he was trying to will his face not to change color.
"Uh, do you need me to help with anything?" she asked, probably a little too quickly. "Anything at all?"
Carol walked into three different sketchy-looking convenience stores before she found one that still had a working payphone. Asking the clerk to break a ten for her – half of it in quarters – she headed over to the phone and punched in Maria's number. It only took three rings for her to pick up.
"But sir," the shorter of the two men said. "It is imperative that your customers be informed of the perils that await them. They deserve to have the opportunity to save their souls – as do you."
The Avengers fell silent. They all knew how important it was to have the trust of the people of the United States – as well as the rest of the world. If they didn't have the public's trust, the consequences could be deadly. However, Lara wasn't an Avenger and as such didn't have those kinds of thoughts weighing on her mind. So, she still tried to argue otherwise.
The woman then hung up the phone and looked up at Carol with a wide smile. In response, Carol raised an eyebrow.
Immediately, Tony was on his feet and racing into the bathroom. By the time he got there, though, the feeling had passed. For a few moments, Tony stood in the middle of the room, shaking. He kept waiting for the nausea to return, but it didn't. His heart pounded in his chest as he looked around the room and slowly lowered himself to the floor.
"Right," Steve agreed. Although they hadn't talked about it in depth, he was glad he and Tony were on the same page about how open they wanted to be with their relationship at that point in time. So far, the only people who knew were the other Avengers, Pepper, Rhodey, Happy, Lara, and now Duane Freeman. Steve still had some lingering fears as a result of growing up in the first half of the twentieth century, he was slowly working through it. Having the assurances from the Avengers, War Machine, a former federal agent, and Pepper Potts that anyone who gave them trouble for their sexualities would get messed up helped with that.
"Like you 'forgot' about the last three?" Tony knew better than to try and respond to that. "That reminds me, I'm going to be interviewing candidates for your new PA Monday afternoon. You're welcome to sit-in if you're back by then and interested."
"For knowing something deeply personal about you without your consent or knowledge," Tony said. "I mean, if it were me, I'd be pissed off."
The Sharptons lived in the upscale suburbs of Newark. Tessa had been their only child, so only Maurita and her husband had been home when the New Jersey State Police and the nearest S.T.R.I.K.E. team busted into the house to arrest her. Sharpton went without putting up a fight, but she was refusing to talk, other than to ask if anyone had been infected. Hence, the need for Natasha's skills.
The Tesseract was placed in a special container. A twist of the handles on both sides would send the two Asgardians home. Loki had a gag over his mouth to keep him from using his magic, and his hands were shackled together, but free enough so he could hold on to the other handle when Thor offered it to him. Within an instant, the two men were swallowed up by a blue light. Everyone had to take a step back as the force of the teleportation sent out a shockwave. With that, Loki was gone and the entire situation was considered done and over with.
After many hours had passed, it seemed like the silence was going to be endless. The only interruption they got was when the nurse came by to check on them and even then, she didn't say anything. She just walked over, took a quick look at each of them, and then walked away. It wasn't until the doors suddenly slid open that the silence was finally broken.
. He couldn't. It was like they used cement as glue. Eventually, he saw opening the letter the traditional way wasn't going to work, so he flipped it vertically and tried to open it from the end. He could feel it had a little give, but he was having trouble ripping it with only his hands, so he tried using his teeth. With one good pull, the letter opened, sending white powder flying everywhere.
"Really?" Lara raised an eyebrow. "Because the police told me they hadn't gotten any calls from Tony's address before I called." Pepper's eyes went wide. "That's not a good thing," she concluded.
"No," Betty said. "What you needed was to find people who understood. That's all, and clearly, I couldn't do that, my dad certainly couldn't, and there was no one really supporting you outside of that. Now you have that support and I couldn't be happier for you."
"How do you feel?" she asked. "And don't say 'fine' because I'm not going over that a third time." Clint snorted, but quickly sobered his features into a more serious expression.
Tony could feel his stomach sink as he recalled telling Steve when he'd just been thawed out of the ice not to let S.H.I.E.L.D. take his blood. At the time, Tony had been concerned that S.H.I.E.L.D. was going to extract the Super Soldier Serum from Steve without his knowledge. He had further explained his concerns later when Steve was in his own apartment and out from under S.H.I.E.L.D.'s thumb. Steve agreed with him and told him that's what he thought his instructions had been about, so he wasn't upset. In fact, he had obviously taken the advice to heart given how adamantly he was refusing to allow them to draw blood, but in this situation, it was posing a problem. The CDC needed blood samples from all of them. It was unavoidable. Tony walked around the curtain to see Steve giving the doctor a stern look.
At that moment, a loud shriek was heard from down the hall. Steve turned to see Rebecca running out of the bedroom and just barely stepped out of the way before she ran over him again.
"I'm not sure…" Tony had to admit, he didn't pay much attention to those bridge dwellers or why they gathered in front of his tower. He just knew he wanted them gone. The alcohol wasn't doing much to help his recollection, either. That didn't stop him from finishing off his glass, though. "It could be? I don't know. I don't remember."
"Are you okay?" Carol asked, looking like she was ready to tackle Lara to the ground and start CPR at any second.
"So," Tony said. "I believe we've been trying to have a conversation for the past four hours, only to be continuously and rudely interrupted."
"This way, sir." Bruce gestured in the direction of the lab and Tony followed his lead, not even sparing a glance at Steve as he walked by.
Anyways, I hope you all are having a Merry Christmas! Have fun to celebrate capitalism and consumerism! I, meanwhile, am going to be trying to convince my mom that we need to hold an intervention for my aunt (my family's fucked.)
. "They've been away, doing something for S.H.I.E.L.D. as far as I know, but they're going to be back with the Avengers for the foreseeable future and I look forward to working with them further."
The hotel suites were grouped together in fours. Bruce's and Natasha's suites were on one side, while Tony and Steve's and Clint's were on the other. Lara's and Freeman's were in the next grouping further down the hall. The first door they went to be the one diagonally across from Tony and Steve's suite; Bruce's suite. Lara knocked on the door with the same ferocity she used when she knocked on the bathroom door. Steve didn't even try to stop her.
The nurse pushed her down a labyrinth of hallways leading back to the ER. There, Carol was brought to an empty bed and told to sit and wait for the doctor to check her out. She asked if she would be allowed to leave after that, but the nurse acted like he didn't hear her and walked off. Carol's right hand started to ball into a fist.
"The hatch is fixed," the agent said as he walked by. "Let's get this show on the road." The agent took a seat next to Natasha and the two of them started flipping switches and pressing buttons left and right.
"Uh, you're the one who called this meeting," Natasha pointed out. "Which, by the way, you haven't told us what it's about." That made Steve's stomach drop further. He glanced over at Tony and saw that he was holding his hand out for him under the table. Steve took it without hesitation.
"…Until we finish the assessment," Bruce said. "Then we have to pay to find out whatever 'answer' it is you came up with."
"I would draw you something right here, right now," Steve said. "But I'd need a pencil and paper first." Tony bit his lip as he scanned the area of the cabin.
Once again, not a chemist and I probably shouldn't have graduated high school. Anyway, I hope you enjoyed this chapter! Feel free to leave a comment or a review at any time!
"Be right back." He then headed straight for the stairs. Natasha turned and sat down in an armchair set out nearby. Steve and Bruce sat down on the couch perpendicular to it.
"Oh, indeed, Mr. Stark." The HR rep looked unimpressed as she stood in front of him. "Now why do you keep feeling the need to keep interrupting my seminar?" Tony attempted to smile confidently, but that only served as another red flag to his guilt.
When he did make it all the way up, the agent that was piloting the plane was finishing repairs to the rear hatch doors. Tony was working on patching up some of the parts of the armor that were damaged in his fight with Thor. Loki was strapped down to his seat and additionally restrained to the spot with bungee cables. Despite that, he seemed absolutely content with the situation, which once again unnerved Steve. Thor was standing up front, talking to Natasha.
I'm an American by the way, in case that wasn't clear. I don't have the most understandable sense of humor...
"Tell that to my ex," she said. "He woke me up with repeated phone calls and the only way I got him to stop was by turning off my phone. If you want to complain to anyone, the person you should is just one tap of the power button away."
However, the unexpected had happened and now the entire complex was being thrown into a tizzy. There was an energy flare-up from the Tesseract. It happened at a moment when very few people were in the room and there was no apparent outside influence to cause it. The scientists were instantly enraptured in finding the cause of the spike in energy and had gotten to work ASAP.
"Continue investigating the robbery at Stark Industries," the man said. "I don't care about the how, just the who, the what, and the why."
"Nah," Tony said. "It's just getting a little too Diane Sawyer-y and you're kind of a schmuck." Tony felt a little bit of joy at Everhart's affronted look before he walked out the door.
"This is him," he said as he pulled the puppy in front of the camera so he could be in the shot with him. The dog's appearance was met with a lot of fanfare.
. No one really protested his choice, but Bruce would admit that he had some weird déjà vu-like sense throughout the film. Surprisingly, Clint stayed awake through the whole thing. He was even up for watching a second movie. However, there was a bit more of a dispute this time as Lara and Clint got into an argument about whether
"Either way," she said. "I'd change into something comfortable. It sounds like we're in for a long ride."
"Please, I have no soul." Carol could have sworn she saw a flash of fire and fury as the clerk made that statement.
He had no idea what had set it off. It could have been anything from the fluorescent lighting to the too-clean smell of the soap to just the lingering effects of detox. Whatever the case, it first caused Tony to double over and uselessly hack before anything came up. For a second, he felt Steve's hand brush against his back, but it got pulled away as someone screamed "don't touch him!" For all the dramatics and hacking, all that came up were bits of half-digested crackers that he had been able to force down the night before. It almost felt like a waste.
"Why were you sitting in front of the door?" Tony asked as he struggled to remember her name. He could remember that her last name was Conroy, but her first name was eluding him. "And what are you doing here? I thought I told you to meet me in my office."
He kept his gaze solidly on the wall. He couldn't look at Steve. He couldn't look at Fury. He couldn't look at anyone, really. He just wanted the rest of the world to go away so he could drown in his own shame. Unfortunately, he didn't have that luxury.
For a moment, Dante just stood there, rubbing his wounded cheek. Slowly, he looked up at her, his eyes as shocked as hers.
"It's still nice, though," Tony muttered into Steve's shoulder softly. They remained like that for another minute before Tony once again had to reluctantly pull back. He made sure to take a deep breath and savor the moment before doing so, though.
"Who? What? Slow down! What happened?" At this point, everyone had gotten up and were approaching the two. Freeman took a deep breath, collecting himself before proceeding to explain.
"Iron Man," she quickly clarified with a smile. "A lot of people eat here just to see him fly by." She gestured over to Stark Tower and Steve quickly glanced around. He did indeed spot quite a few people looking in the tower's general direction intently, almost as if they were afraid if they blinked, they might miss something. It did warm Steve's heart a bit, but at the same time, it couldn't do much to help how down he was feeling.
A beat of silence passed that was only broken up by an utterance of "shit," from Happy. Pepper brought a hand to her mouth and eyed Steve nervously while Rhodey looked down as he processed the information. Steve leaned back in his chair, knowing that he said too much. As the guilt washed over him, his eyes landed solidly on the office door, desperately willing Tony to come out.
"Nah," he said. "I just need to sit down and relax for a minute." He then moved to sit behind Tony's desk and motioned to one of the chairs across the room. "Why don't you have a seat, too, Captain?"
The emergency shower area was large and spacious with five or six rows of showers and about twenty showers in each row. It was meant to accommodate an entire laboratory worth of people, but right now it was only catering to four. As such, the exposed Avengers decided to stay in the same row, though the men kept a respectful distance from Natasha's stall for chivalry's sake.
"Wait, what?" From there the comms cut off. Tony couldn't help but let out a small laugh to himself. He could only imagine what was going on in that jet right now, but he had to imagine it was some variation of the same "it's okay to be gay" speech he's given Steve over the past year.
"Put on the suit." Tony could feel the adrenaline coursing through him, urging him to surge forward. However, before he could do anything, the ship suddenly and violently lurched from side to side.
"The Iron Man armor is ready for assembly at any time." As soon as the AI said the word, Tony headed over to the assembly platform. Catching on to what was happening, Steve followed him, coming around to stand in front of the platform as Tony stepped into the footholds and the machines inside the platform came to life and started to assemble the armor around him.
"No," Jessica confirmed. "At the very least, I knew you'd come, and I really just need an adult right now."
"How can the entire world know you have homosexual tendencies and yet you're not in jail or at least the asylum?" The worry in Steve's voice caused Tony's heart to metaphorically ache.
"I like how you think," Thanos said. "If he truly is King of Asgard, his people are probably looking for him. I'm sure they'd open the gates right up once they saw we were returning their King, safe and sound…"
"Oh my God." Tony squeezed his eyes shut and brought a hand to his head. "Please tell me you didn't scare yourself into thinking if people find out you're bi, you'll get thrown into an asylum." Steve didn't have anything to say to that. "Damn it, Steve, how many times do I have to say it before you get it through your thick skull. It's not 1945 anymore. We don't lock up people for being gay and we certainly don't perform lobotomies on anyone. I've been out of the closet for sixteen years and nothing…" Tony seemed to catch himself mid-thought. "Alright, bad stuff has happened, but I've never been
Remember kids, there's no sense crying over every mistake! You just keep on trying 'till you run out of cake!
. "Stark's all the way in New York City. If we strike as fast as possible and as soon as possible, we can probably get in and out before Stark even knows what hit him."
"He's an Asgardian," Natasha provided. "And the only one of us that isn't living here at the moment."
"Thanks," he said. "I really appreciate being the last resort." Gracefully, Hill chose to ignore that comment and moved straight to her final selling point.
"Thank you." She then walked past him and went to the storefront where Lucy was waiting. The other woman smiled.
"No," Romanoff said. "But how about you take the fact that none of your technical data nor any of Stark's inventions went missing before, during, or after my tenure as his personal assistant."
"We'll see how it works out, though," Lara said. "Dante hasn't tried to approach me in days and hopefully it'll stay that way until the hearing."
"A damn shame," Steve agreed. "That means we better make the most of the time we do have." A devilish smirk crossed Tony's face. "What are you thinking?"
"Chemical production?" It took a second, but it all came back to her. "Oh, this is about that job you want me to do. I'm sorry. Had a bit too much to drink last night."
. Sliding a keycard through a scanner and completing a fingerprint and retinal scan, Fury opened the doors revealing a swath of S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors, researchers, and agents crowded into one room. Everyone was so involved in what they were doing that they didn't notice that the Director had re-entered the room. The woman standing at the center of it all did notice, though, and quickly approached the three men.
"Neither am I," Steve assured. "He's got the same blood on his hands that Loki does, but right now we've got to put that behind us and get this done."
All hope of that disappeared when Rhodey looked back at the screen and saw another figure step into frame. Clearly this had been the person Tony had been talking to as he kept his gaze on him. Just from the back of the man's head, Rhodes was able to recognize him as Tiberius Stone; Tony's now ex-with-a-capital-E hook-up.
Steve then helped Tony to the door and into the house. Once inside Tony called for JARVIS to turn on the lights (Steve wasn't surprised that Tony had the AI in his house as well.) and directed Steve up the stairs to his bedroom. Pulling back the covers, Steve helped Tony get situated in bed before pulling the blankets over him and looking around the room awkwardly.
Tony and Carol retrieved the food without incident and returned to the penthouse just a few minutes later. The first thing that Tony noted was that Bruce and Pepper were gone, and he was told that Bruce had checked Pepper's injury like he asked, and it really had been worse than the EMTs initial assessment. The glass had indeed left a burn on her cheek and the gauze that had been placed over the injury only served to irritate it. Bruce took her upstairs to the med bay to treat it properly. Luckily, he said it looked to be only a first-degree burn, so it was unlikely to leave any scarring. Although her face remained stoic, Tony could practically feel the waves of guilt rolling off Carol, so he quickly redirected her attention back to the food, which she appeared grateful for.
"Wish I could say the same thing." With that remark, Duran turned and exited the observation room, not even looking back or caring if the Special Agent gave a response. She had bigger fish to fry.
A woman by the name of Treasa stepped up to the microphone. She was wearing blue jeans and white polo with a black hoodie over it, so it wasn't obvious that she was associated with the group asking all the strange questions. Her question was for Steve.
The first image she saw as she tried to bring the world into focus was an empty podium in what she recognized as the main lobby of Avengers Tower. For the first minute or two of the broadcasts, the camera held on the image of the podium while Abraham assured viewers that the press conference would begin momentarily. It felt like longer than a moment had passed before there was finally activity onscreen.
She didn't look back up again until the car came to a complete stop. At that point, she pushed all her thoughts aside and got to work. Getting out of the car, she walked around to Clint's side and opened the door for him. At the same time Happy Hogan – whom Stark sent to pick them up – went to the trunk to get the wheelchair that the hospital had provided them with. Clint tried to argue that he didn't need the wheelchair and he could stand just fine, but that wasn't true at all. He leaned on Natasha heavily as she helped him out of the car and once, he was in the chair, the arguments stopped. Other than pouting a little bit, he didn't try to stand or otherwise object to the placement, which was good. At least he knew when to give up the fight.
"Hold on a second," she called as she scooped the small dog up into her arms. One-handedly, she opened to door to see a professionally dressed woman with long dark hair and green eyes standing there.
"He's not after Stark," he said. "Yesterday he found Stark on the side of the road and brought him back to his house for his own safety. He walked away for a minute and when he returned, he found Stark was gone. He just wants to know that Stark is safe." Tony listened to all of this with an increasingly confused look on his face.
"Did the Kree tell you that?" Jessica had to resist the urge to laugh at the way Carol's face scrunched up.
," Clint said. "Second, he hasn't been alone since I brought him back. Someone's always been with him, and he hasn't been allowed to get into anything, or tear up anything, or pee on anything…"
For a moment, Tony had hoped that he wouldn't be allowed to start the session until he had completed the forum, but apparently that wasn't the case. His disappointment must have been clear on his face because he felt Steve rub his thumb across his knuckles again.
Tony used the intermission between films to order the food. The order went out to Ray's Pizzeria and Tony swore it was going to be the best pizza any of them were ever going to have in their lives. They were all understandably skeptical about that, but no one tried to argue with him. They settled on three large pepperoni pizzas for Tony and Clint, six large cheese pizzas for Bruce, Steve, and Natasha, and one small cheese-less pizza for Lara. With their order on the way, they started on the second film.
However, other worries still pricked at his mind and he tried to force them out; other, Steve-related worries. After all, what had he been thinking. Of course, Steve was mad at him. He'd be mad if someone outed him behind his back. (Although, he'd take being outed behind his back in private over being blackmailed and later publicly outed any day.) Well, technically he didn't do the outing, Peggy did, but still, he knew something very private about Steve that he shouldn't have known and for some reason he couldn't help but feel guilty about that. It was like he had kept a secret from him or something. That wasn't a good feeling and Tony tried to push it further and further away from him as they got closer to Malibu.
"Trust me," Pepper said. "I'm just keeping him on until this chaos blows over, then he's getting fired." Lara took a deep breath and nodded, hoping at least for Tony's sake that would be what came to pass.
died. He didn't think that was a big enough emergency for him to call-in this mysterious powerhouse? Speaking of which, who the hell was she?
Natasha wasn't afraid. In fact, she honestly just wanted to laugh at these pathetic moron's attempts to threaten her. Really? They were going to pull her teeth out? That was the best they could do? Please, it would take a lot more than that to get her to talk. In fact, she had gotten more information out of this idiot then she had in an entire month of surveillance and undercover work. All she had to do was get herself tied up. Too easy.
For years it had been a rumor around S.H.I.E.L.D. that she and Clint were a couple. If it got brought up in front of them, they'd calmly correct the person, but for the most part, they just found it funny. Although the list of people that knew it was limited, Clint's heart belonged to Laura and only Laura. He honestly couldn't picture anything else. Natasha, meanwhile…
, but it was nice to get a sort of broad-scope view of what had happened in the time he was gone and physically seeing some of it would probably help his understanding when he went do dig deeper into some of these topics later.
Natasha's face fell flat with shock and beside her, she noticed Steve visibly tense. Yup, that was exactly what they wanted to do today; explain the 9/11 terrorist attacks and the intricacies of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan to a woman with clearly explosive powers. That sounded like tons of fun! Sarcasm aside, neither Bruce nor Clint seemed particularly enthused about the idea either and thankfully Bruce was quick to pull away from that topic.
"She started it," he said. "I'll stop when she stops. Besides, I've heard worse in scarier languages from strangers on the street."
"The Avengers," Tony commented as he opened a glass bottle. Loki gave him a strange look. "That's what we call ourselves. We're sort of like a team. 'Earth's Mightiest Heroes' type of thing."
"Oh yeah," Lara said. "Real mature, Dante! Just hide from your problems like everything else! What a man you are!"
Tony shut his eyes as he heard the car's ignition turn over and rested his head on Steve's shoulder. He felt the car move in reverse for a moment before turning around. He could hear Pepper striking up a conversation with the others; asking how the flight was and the like. Happy had the radio on, albeit at a low volume. Softly, he could make out the tune of "Dream On." Tony took a moment to appreciate the song before he found himself being lulled to sleep.
"Three minutes, max." Tony could feel all his inner organs sink. He blasted back as many of his attackers as he could. "The payload will wipe out Mid-town."
"Don't worry about that," Cranston quickly assured. "You can take that home to finish up and bring it back next session. I don't want to keep you if you need to be heading out of here real fast."
Freeman looked like he was going to say something else when the conference room door suddenly opened. Inside stepped six singing hotel employees, one of them carrying a small sheet cake.
"I do." He then leaned in and pressed a kiss to Tony's cheek. "Whatever it is we need to do to figure this out, I promise you we'll do it together. Okay?"
"That doesn't deter me," she said. "I've been trying to figure out the Zodiac and Tamám Shud ciphers for years."
"He's out," was the last thing Clint could remember hearing before he was pulled back into the looping nightmare.
"Yes," he said warily. Steve didn't look convinced. "Alright, some I really don't know the answers to. Others… I want to be honest with you. I really do. I'm just scared…" Tony felt Steve place a hand on his shoulder, so he looked him right in the eyes.
"Alright, that's true," Tony admitted. "But that story didn't bring up bad memories for you? Do you want to talk about it?" Steve smiled as he shook his head.
So, this is the last day of 2018. I have to say, I'm actually really proud of what I've accomplished this year. I mean, technically IRL all I did was push people away and increase my social isolation which probably isn't a good thing, especially when you consider that I have Aspergers and that's essentially allowing my disability to rule my life, but the stuff I did on this site was great! I mean, I finished and published FIVE STORIES! FIVE STORIES! That's incredible to me. Granted, one was a bonus deleted scenes and alternate takes thing for another fic and the other was a one-shot, but FIVE STORIES guys! That's amazing!
"Let's not argue right now," he said. "Why don't we change into more casual attire, and when we come back, Captain Danvers can explain everything to us, alright?" Carol seemed to be placated by the idea, but Natasha had yet to lower her suspicious guard. "Natasha." At the prompting she finally relented.
"Right," Bruce agreed. "So, what do you think is going on?" Lara slumped her shoulders, almost defeated.
Stepping back over to where she had left her phone charging, she picked it up and pulled it off the wire. She figured she should probably text some last words to her brothers while she still had the chance. However, she ended up being distracted when she saw that she had a new text message. Figuring it was Todd texting her back, she opened it up right away, only to be shocked to find that the text had come from an unknown number.
"Do you want to see how the media's responding to you guys?" she asked. "Or would you rather stay in the dark until you're better?"
. Everything I do is scrutinized to the nth degree. Every association I make is public knowledge. Every woman I'm seen with, I'm suddenly in a relationship with. I've had people follow me into the bathroom to get my autograph, long before I could even sign my name. That's the kind of magnifying glass I live under and by taking me on as a patient, you've exposed yourself to that. Doesn't that bother you?"
"Yeah," Steve said. "You're going to lay down and go to sleep and when you wake up everything will be better." That was clearly a lie, but he doubted Tony would care in the morning when he was well-rested, and his mind had enough time to process the emotions he was feeling in the fallout of all of this. Still, Tony hesitated.
With that, Clint left the room. Lara put the phone down on the coffee table and stared at it. "Walk Like an Egyptian" didn't start playing. Everything was quiet. After a minute or so, Lara let out a breath of relief and turned her attention back to the puppy.
Once they were inside, the Chief of Police walked right up to them. He fumblingly apologized for the unwanted attention, blaming it all on a rookie who posted that the Avengers were coming on Facebook. Hill didn't even dignify the apology with a response and demanded that they be taken to where Sharpton was being held.
"Nah," Tony said. "The sooner she gets out of Manhattan, the better. Anyways…" Tony turned and wrapped an arm around Steve's waist. "Where were we?"
The mysterious Peoples Unity Church has caught the attention of the Avengers in the past couple of days. Unfortunately, this may not be the last they hear from them.
Despite this, Steve could feel most of the anxiety that had been ravaging him all day slowly sliding away, being replaced with a sense of self-confidence that he hadn't felt since he crashed the plane into the Arctic. He had to stand up for Tony here. The man clearly wasn't running at one-hundred percent and he was going to get himself hurt. Steve looked Natasha clearly in the eyes and stood tall.
"Yes," Bruce said. "And I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy. I'd like to know why S.H.I.E.L.D. is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction."
Pepper sat up tall and straight, exuding nothing but calm confidence. Despite that, Lara could notice a few small details that most would not, like the fact that Pepper was wearing a bit more makeup than she usually did when she was on camera. Briefly, Lara wondered if Pepper had been able to get any sleep the night before or if she, too, had been kept awake by worry. Regardless, to the untrained observer, Pepper was the pinnacle of dignified composure. That was more than what could be said about one of the other members of the group.
"What a terrible fate," Clint said. "Trapped here, forced to be bored, only interacting with other idiots who poisoned themselves."
"What the hell?" he muttered to himself. "JARVIS, rewind the video back three minutes and play at normal speed." JARVIS complied, but it still wasn't back far enough. "Rewind it three more minutes." This time, Tony was faced with the same still image he had been staring at before, but after a few seconds, it changed to the post-robbery scene. "Pause." Tony leaned over his desk and studied every pixel on the screen. "Scan the video. Any sign it's been tampered with?"
While he sat watching the fight, Loki couldn't help but be bothered by what was going on in his mind. He had no idea what he'd been thinking before he heard that loud whine, but it bothered him that he had lost the train of thought so suddenly. There was the uncertainty he felt concerning the memory of falling into the black hole. For some reason, looking back on it now, it looked somewhat fuzzy, blurry… He could have sworn that Thor had thrown him off the Bifrost, but now? He couldn't be sure. There was something wrong with the memory. That much was clear. Had someone tampered with it? No! Of course not! He was
"It is not," Bruce assured. "Most normal places don't hand out free alcohol to just anyone, especially during the breakfast hour."
Sleeping an entire day away wasn't a hard thing to do when you've been awake for fifty hours. However, one might be a little hard-pressed to imagine that it would be comfortable or restful, especially when the only option you had for a bed was a solid rock floor, but Knežević made it work. By his estimate, he woke up around noon the following day and he never felt more refreshed. Although, yes, the fifty hours without sleep probably had something to do with it, but nonetheless, Knežević still felt better than he had in weeks; maybe even in months or years.
"It's okay." Tony nodded and wrapped his fingers around his wrist. "Why don't we do something else until you're ready to eat."
"Who are you?" was the next question out of Steve's mouth. This man knew Peggy and Steve apparently knew this man's father…
"Well, think harder next time," Adoniram said. "And maybe don't suggest something that will damn us all to another life cycle in these wretched Terran forms." Slowly, Freeman nodded.
"Alright, Conroy," he said. "Go to my office and pull up what the media is saying. If we are going to think up a story, we might as well find out what they already think happened."
"That's not the only thing I see," he cut her off. "There are other things interspersed in there. I see what I did while I was under Loki's control; I see myself betraying S.H.I.E.L.D.; everything that I hold dear. I see myself hurting innocent people; killing them. Coulson…" He trailed off there for a moment as if determining what he should say. He swallowed hard. "I see Coulson a lot."
be used against you in a court of law," Hawkeye continued. "But let's face it, you're never going to go to trial."
"You listen well, brother." Before Thor could continue with what he was saying, a streak of red and gold swooped in and flew off at a high speed, but not without taking Thor with him. Loki was left standing there staring at nothing but a cloud of smoke and dust.
It felt like hours, but, it had only been less than a minute since the shaking started that it came to a stop. Once the house felt stable again, Oswin got up and bolted from her bedroom, through the living room, and out the door. She only stopped when she reached the sidewalk.
"No," Tony said. "Apart from Cap and Romanoff, I had never met any of them before. I don't think many of them knew each other beforehand, either."
"Oh, she was shooting him death-glares the entire rest of the meal," Tony said with laughter clear in his voice. It made the corners of Steve's lips rise upwards even though he was chewing his food.
"Listen," Tony said. "I'm talking to you because I like you. I don't know why, but I do. I also didn't tell S.H.I.E.L.D. because I know how terrible it is to have someone publicly out you. I've been there…"
The producer returned a short time later, calling for Bruce. He got up and followed the woman out of the room along with Freeman and Lara. It went along like that for a while. The producer came back every fifteen to twenty minutes to retrieve another member of the team, going alphabetically by last name. Barton was next, followed by Steve and Romanoff, leaving Tony for last. Tony wasn't nervous at all. He just flipped through the packet, reviewing his answers to the questions.
Hauling herself upwards, Natasha threw herself at the Chitauri that was controlling the vehicle. Landing on it's back, she saw that its body was wired into the controls of the bike. Not ideal, but she could work with that. Shoving her fingers into the soft part of its shell on its upper back, Natasha was able to apply enough pressure to get it to do what she wanted. She pressed down, digging her fingers into its left side to indicate that she wanted to go left.
Tony's eyebrows raised in alarm when he heard Barton's hacking renew, this time much more violent. He wanted to ask if he alright, but he held back. He didn't want to force answers out of a choking person. However, the sudden blaring of alarms made his concern worsen.
Agent Duran took more than a few pictures of the rock, she took pictures of the yard, the ground, the house, and even into her neighbor's yard. This got Annabeth concerned and she started wondering if she should call the police. She was just about to go and ask one of her colleagues for their opinion when Agent Duran returned, asking for that contact list. Annabeth just puts down a bunch of fake names and numbers and sent the agent on her way. If she really was Homeland Security, she could find that information out for herself.
Shakily, he put his glass back down on the table and hoped no one noticed how bad his hands were twitching.
"…That what?" Natasha looked down. "Natasha, what are you afraid of?" Slowly, she gained the courage to look him in the eye.
"Yes, but for the most part, it's not about you," Pepper explained. "Most of what was brought up was old news – nothing that hadn't already been beaten to death. They lost interest in that fast. They're mostly focused on the interview itself and the tactics the reporter used to get around her superiors." Meaning she got underneath them to get around them. The one thing the media seemed to like more than vilifying him was talking about other people's sex lives. The only thing they liked more than that, was talking about
"I'm sorry," he could hear the blonde girl say. "I know you have all sorts of important work to do, but I
The suit was truly on its last legs when Tony finally reached the tower. Natasha and Clint had agreed to keep back, at least for a few minutes. However, if Tony didn't come out of the Tower by then, they were going in, full-force.
"What?" Lara wanted to laugh at the look of shock on Bruce's face, but she knew that would give her away to Lucy.
"Because you could have died," Rhodey said. "And there are people here that would have missed you if you went."
"Public safety…" Tony held up a hand to cut Hill off. At this point, the situation had caught Fury's attention and he had started making his way over.
"We're not sure," Wallace said. "The alarms never went off and none of my personnel have said that they saw anything suspicious in the past few days."
With that, Peggy looked him directly in the eyes and said, "I understand because Steve was the exact same way." It took a moment for Tony to fully comprehend what she was saying, and once he did the shock became obvious on his face.
"Sleeping pills, Tony? Really?" Tony did not seem to stir one bit at the remark, so Rhodey shook his shoulder. "Tony! Tones, wake up!"
"Listen," she said. "I'm sorry that all of this happened. I thought I made sure to lock the door when we left earlier, but I must have messed up somehow."
"I know," she said. "But a person is more likely to exit a building the way they came in, especially if they're disoriented, which Stark clearly was."
"Yeah," Tony agreed. "It does…" He frowned. Something about this gave him a bad feeling. His brain was telling him that there was probably a connection there, but he so badly not wanted it to be true. He really didn't need that right now. He didn't need any of the problems that were on his plate right now but there was really nothing he could do other than face them head-on. Lara, meanwhile, looked slightly defeated as she raked a hand through her hair.
Steve agreed, and Tony pressed his lips to the back of his hand before standing up and heading for the bathroom. As he moved, he started to realize that it would take more than a cold shower to get this erection to go down.
"Okay," she said. "What's wrong?" Steve looked at her like she had two heads. Natasha brought a hand to her face. "Right. Stupid question. I got that." She moved her hand to push back her bangs. "Obviously, you're worried about Stark. Do you want to talk about it?"
"Just read over these papers and have them signed by the morning," Lara said. "And actually, do it. Don't spend the whole night obsessively watching that video."
"Excuse me, Miss Potts!" Lara's face blanched immediately upon hearing the voice and from the way Pepper's whole body stiffened up, she could tell that she wasn't too pleased, either. Turning around, she could see Duane Freeman approaching them and she had to stifle the urge to groan.
"I assume you mean 'has my ex tried to contact me?'" Bruce gave a reluctant nod. "It's okay to ask. He hasn't tried to contact me. It's still frustrating, though. I can't go home. I can't sleep, period."
"How do I know that's really him?" he questioned. "How do I know that this isn't some shady spy trick?"
He was failing to do that, though. In fact, he was failing to push aside the feelings of pain and tiredness that were plaguing him. The nausea eventually settled down once he had been sitting for a few minutes, but his head was still flaring up with sparks of pain and he wanted nothing more than to close his eyes and go back to sleep. However, that wasn't an option now, so Tony fought against it all.
"That much is obvious," Betty said. Bruce kind of had to laugh uncomfortably. "But she's your friend?"
"He said the reason why he was resigning was that he couldn't stand by yours or the company's actions." Tony frowned.
Just as Rhodey was reaching for the eject button on the VCR, the speakers' whining suddenly stopped and the screen went black. He took a step back and watched the screen, waiting for the studio credits or possibly even some trailers to start. Instead, he was startled by the sudden onscreen appearance of a man wearing a Michael Myers mask and almost stumbled back into the coffee table behind him.
"She doesn't like being called that," Coulson said. "And it's not fieldwork. She's just doing a favor for a friend. At least, that's how she's justifying it to herself."
Standing up, Steve tried stretching to see if that would make him feel better. It didn't do much, as expected but he shrugged it off. Pulling open the door, he was unsurprised to see Lara standing there. It was probably around wake up call time, after all.
"Thanks, Rhonda," Jessa said. "City of Los Angeles fire officials have confirmed that the fire has indeed been contained this evening. However, residents are still not permitted to return to their homes due to lingering safety concerns. Reports indicate that the fire broke out in the early hours of the morning on Monday after the blast rocked the neighborhood and woke hundreds of residents. There have been no reported injuries or fatalities thus far though police suspect deaths may be uncovered as they investigate further. The cause of the blast has yet to be determined, but police believe it could be related to the production of illegal substances…"
Once Lara was gone, Bruce got up and went down the hall to his room to get a couple of spare blankets he kept in his closet. Returning back to Clint's room, he spread one blanket over Natasha – who was sitting up on the bed on top of the comforter – and the other over Steve and Tony – who were cuddled together on the loveseat, Tony resting his head on Steve's shoulder. Satisfied that his teammates were at least somewhat comfortable, he turned off the TV and returned to his room for the night.
"Eh," Tony groaned as he took the seat next to Steve. "Long, arduous, tiring, boring; all would be pretty apt descriptions for today."
Bruce nodded and shut the door. Lara and Steve turned around and walked across the hall to Clint's door. Lara reached out to knock again.
"You need to get a new personal assistant," she said. "It's getting ridiculous." Tony quickly thanked the makeup artist as she finished with her work before jumping right back into his conversation with Pepper.
"Agent Coulson is down," Fury's voice came over the coms. Both Steve and Tony's eyes went wide with shock.
"Yes." Dr. Fox turned his gaze over to Tony, showing his obvious displeasure that he was even in the same room as him. "Rogers was asking to speak to Stark before I left him to rest."
He was so absorbed in his thoughts to notice the car pulling up. However, when he heard the car window rolling down, he had a "fuck off" ready on his lips within seconds.
"Captain Rogers," she said. "Can I have a word with you for a second?" Steve looked at Tony for a few seconds. He could tell Tony didn't want him to let go, but he had to. After all, Tony wasn't clear enough to explain what was going on. That much, Steve could tell.
Being over a thousand years old and having traveled to all the Nine Realms and the worlds contained beyond, Loki knew a thing or two about space. Specifically, he knew that when one floated off into the vast abyss of space without the proper enchantments, biology, or protective gear they'd bloat to twice their normal size and either be cooked alive by the nearest star,or instantly freeze to death if there were no stars generating heat nearby. For the most part, Loki felt normal. Just weakly twitching his fingers, he could feel that they were still their normal size, so he could assume the same about the rest of his limbs. He also clearly hadn't frozen. In fact, he honestly wondered if his newly-discovered Jotun heritage made it impossible to freeze to death. He then realized he probably didn't want to know the answer to that and directed his mind towards a more productive activity; taking stock of his situation and figuring out where the hell he was.
"It's fine, Tony," Pepper insisted one last time. "You just don't want to talk about what's bothering you."
Five minutes later and Freeman was still standing in line for breakfast. For a second, Natasha wondered if they had read too much into Freeman's behavior. Then she heard a cell phone ring. Freeman was the one to pull his mobile device from his pocket and answer the call.
"Thank you," Lara said as she got up and ran to the kitchen. "I don't think it's a good idea to stay here."
"Okay," he agreed. "I promise." Tony grinned, but the expression did not stay on his face for long as he crashed his mouth into Steve's.
Once the car pulled into the driveway, Tony could finally feel himself relax a little bit, but he was up and out of the car before Natasha had a chance to kill the engine. He heard Steve call after him, but he ignored it. He had to take account of everything, ASAP.
"So," he said. "How harsh of a third degree did they give you?" Carol snorted out a humorless laugh.
Relieved that she had clear memories up until the point that she fell asleep, Carol relaxed back into the brick wall she was sitting up against. This wasn't the oddest place she had fallen asleep in. Going from planet to planet, trying to help wherever she could usually mean having to tough it out on the cold, hard ground more often than not. However, she couldn't say either that this was the most comfortable spot she had ever chosen. She had cricks in pretty much every part of her neck and back. She tried to stretch out as much as she could to get rid of them, but she only ended up making the pain worse.
The concierge nodded and complied, bringing the video back to the exact moment Tony stepped into frame. Steve's heart shuddered in his chest as he watched the video again. It was clear Tony wasn't in the right state of mind. He looked as if he would fall over completely blacked out at any second. Steve really started to kick himself then.
"Hi, did you give my number out to anyone?" Bruce blinked in confusion, mostly because she said it really fast in a thicker accent than usual.
"Across the hall." That answer proved to be enough to keep Romanoff from following him. However, because he answered with that, it ended up being the only place his brain could think of to go. As such, he did not realize what he had just done until he was already in Pepper's office, taking in the surprised look on her face.
Rhodey updated Happy on everything that happened since he arrived at the hospital, while Happy reported on how the media was reacting to the tapes. It was not well. The one silver lining was that due to FCC regulations, the tapes could not be played on any of the major news networks. However, that was not enough to stop them from
"Give me my children back now." His demands fell on deaf ears as the social worker unflinchingly stood her ground.
It took another few minute for the program to show that Laura was online. When the green dot appeared next to her name, Clint clicked on it to set up the connection. The little wheel spun and spun for what felt like forever until it was replaced with an image of Laura sitting with Lila in her lap and Cooper standing beside them. The kids' faces lit up as soon as they saw him.
"No idea," He said. "Last, I remember it was in the inner pocket of my blazer, but I have no idea what happened to that."
"Then I won't," Steve said. "I'm not going to leave you like this. I never will." With that, the dam broke. Tony got as close to Steve as the layers of blankets would allow and buried his face in his shoulder. The sobs came out at a rapid rate.
Other than that, everything was boring and uneventful. He walked around the building a few times and he drew a few rough sketches using a pencil he found on the ground and paper that was just randomly in the middle of some empty office space. (He made a mental note to ask what that was later.) He didn't draw anything, just some random shapes, and objects as a warm-up exercise. It wasn't much, but it passed the time.
"Fun," Carol said. Tony could see in the way Natasha's expression kept hardening that she didn't appreciate the vagueness. For Carol's sake, Tony just wanted to fill in all the blanks as to what happened, but at the same time, he knew he probably shouldn't. It didn't take a genius to figure out that they were keeping the story vague and not mentioning Agent Drew for a reason. Honestly not wanting to deal with Fury's rage now (or do anything to make the already horrible situation worse) Tony stayed quiet for once.
." Tony could feel himself shaking, his left-hand trembling something fierce. Steve brought his hand down to cup Tony's jaw. Every breath he took felt like a struggle, not unlike the one he experienced back up there in space. "I… I almost asphyxiated… I saw that army… I…"
. She yanked the tag off the bed and began to fold it and unfold it. It was all she really could do to entertain herself. Every book she'd found in this place so far was rather dull, and they only got TV for an hour in the rec room and the woman that controlled it didn't have very good taste.
"I don't think…" Be rubbed his hands together and looked down at his lap. "I think… I think we all know that if I apologize, it's not going to mean anything because I'm just going to do the same thing again. I mean, I don't want to do the same thing again – this headache is enough to tell me that what I did was bad – but I know that eventually, I'm going to do it again. It's inevitable."
"I would," Tony said. "If the idea of eating didn't make me sick." Steve's eyebrows raised in alarm and he searched the room for an empty bowl or a bucket.
So, as soon as he had cleaned himself up and was given the go-ahead by the S.H.I.E.L.D. doctors, Steve set out looking for Tony. Surprisingly, it didn't take long for someone to find him. Not Tony, but close enough.
"Like what?" Although it was Rhodey who asked the question, Tony found himself looking at Steve. He already knew, so Tony wouldn't have to witness the surprise coming to his eyes.
"Yes," she said. "But given that there are no meetings today and for you 'no meetings' means spending the whole day in ripped jeans and doing lab work, I figured I could get away with it." Tony raised a challenging eyebrow.
"Suppose they could," Bruce said. "Suppose they already have all the equipment they needed to make this happen. What would stand in their way of getting access to strains of Ebola and H5N1?"
"I'm sorry I said that to you," Tony said. "That was wrong, and I shouldn't have said it." Lara shrugged.
." Tony's tone was much firmer than the previous times he had said it, but Steve still didn't buy it.
"Okay, that's fucked up." A shiver tan through Clint as he thought about his own daughter. "How the hell was I supposed to know that? I don't have 'the Complete Guide as to What Scared Tony Stark as a Kid.'" He had to assume Stark's response came with a shrug.
"What the…" Steve tried to get the words out, but his voice was too weak and cracked from disuse. It probably wouldn't have mattered anyway. There was some sort of mask covering his face and mouth that muffled his speech.
"They have a whole TV show about it on A&E," Clint added. "Be warned, though; it's not for the faint of heart."
"Not necessarily," she said. "I still find it doubtful that he left the hotel, but it would make looking for him much easier."
need to do this. Otherwise, we can kiss our reputations and the public's support goodbye." Steve's face hardened, but he nodded anyway.
Tony found it in himself to stand up, but he didn't let go of Steve's hand until he had to. After taking a couple of steps forward towards Dr. Cranston, their fingers broke apart and Tony sorely felt their absence. If Cranston noticed their closeness, she didn't comment on it; just continued to smile and nodded towards the door.
"Well, first of all, the type of radiation used on him to accelerate his muscle growth was vita radiation, not gamma radiation," Bruce explained.
The photo was slightly faded and cracked with time and water damage, but it was still unmistakably her. A swell of emotions came over Steve as he stared at the image. It had only been a few hours at the most for him, but for Peggy and the rest of the world, it had been almost seventy years. She was an old woman now. Most, if not all the people they knew before were dead. The world had changed, and Steve had seen none of it. Instead, he had been thrust into it all at once and wished the best of luck. On top of all that despair, he felt like the most horrible person on the face of the planet.
Making his way up to the apartment, Steve could hear Bucky and Rebecca shouting at each other. They quieted down, though, when Mrs. Barnes' voice bellowed from the kitchen.
"I heard you." Halfway through saying that, Stark clearly realized that could be taken as offensive. "Sorry. That doesn't make sense, though. You can hear me. We're talking right now."
"If I let go of the shard for a second and come back, will you not immediately overwhelm me with all that information?" Marx gave another nod and Charles broke his connection with the shard.
"I'll keep that in mind, doc." Tony got the sense that if Smith could roll her eyes without destroying all semblance of professionalism, she would. "Now what?"
"No, I don't want to hear it." Tony took a calming breath before continuing. "I know that Project: Rebirth was the operation that turned Steve Rogers into Captain America. I'm not going to give those files over to S.H.I.E.L.D. just so they can create their own army of Super Soldiers."
"When I woke up in a strange woman's apartment two days later and she tells me she had fished me out of the Hudson," Carol said. "Apparently, to fix things, I tried to fly to the moon myself. My powers gave out and I fell in the water. I either blacked out or was too drunk to save myself. Luckily, Jessica – the one who thought she poisoned you – jumped in, saved my life, and brought me back to her place. It didn't end there, though. During those two days I don't remember, Jess had to babysit me to make sure I didn't get up and go searching for booze. She said she had to physically stop me from drinking rubbing alcohol. She had the bruises to prove it, too, so I know she wasn't lying."
"Too late." Lara hit the "end call" button. She had a feeling that it was going to be Dante. He probably figured out that his calls weren't going through and she had stopped him from spoofing her and moved on to another phone. She sighed, although it was probably inevitable.
Much like how it happened for Tarquan before him, Charles found himself on a platform in the middle of the sea. Standing before him, however, was none other than Karl Marx himself. Charles opened his mouth to try to say something, anything to his idol, and as he did Karl Max opened his mouth as well, causing the flood of information to surge through Charles' brain.
is not intending to leak anything back to S.H.I.E.L.D. or any other party. She is only filling in as a favor to Miss Conroy, whose judgement I trust."
"Sure, it was and sure I did." Tony rolled his eyes. By that point they had made it to the bar and Tony had released his grip on Romanoff's arm. He scrambled over to the counter to regain some sense of balance. Romanoff stepped forward until she was standing toe-to-toe with Tony.
"What? Lara please, stop." Although Lara wanted to just go and not stop until she was in the next country, she found herself heading his command, if for any reason because she didn't want to force him to grab her. Slowly, she turned towards him. Bruce had to pause for a second to catch his breath before he spoke. "What happened?"
Remember kids, if you go to Jones Beach on Long Island, NY, just keep an eye out for anything suspicious. I don't know for certain if any crimes specifically happened there, but you know... If you see a random burlap sack just lying around, don't touch it. Call the police right away. It could be nothing, it could be a dead body. It's best to err on the side of caution and call the police. This has been a PSA.
"I had a feeling you would." Steve started to lean down a bit and unfortunately, Tony had to scooch back.
"Of course, I'm sure," she said. "I married him." She almost flinched as the officer reached out to put what was probably intended to be a comforting hand on her shoulder.
So far in talking to Tony, Steve had only really noticed one similarity between Tony and his father – the passion and love for inventing and technology. Even though Steve couldn't understand anything he was saying, as Tony explained the Iron Man suit to him, Steve could see the spark of excitement in his eyes and hear the enthusiasm in his voice. It was infectious. Steve found himself smiling alongside Tony. He liked it. He liked it…
Tony turned back to the screen in front of him. For a moment, his hand hovered over the screen, ready to tap the replay button before he put it back down. Leaning back in his chair, he let himself get lost in thought.
There was a poignant pause as everyone took in the weight of the others' apologies. The air in the room was tense as they stood, unsure of how to break it. It was Clint's chuckling that eventually did it.
"Still, you shouldn't have taken them off," Tony pointed out as he began to pour two glasses of champagne for him and Pepper. "So, your fault, just like that little security snafu we had last week."
"No," Tony assured. "It won't be a problem at all, ma'am." The producer eyed him skeptically but nodded.
"No ma'am," Dr. Griffith said. "Only you, Mr. Stark, and the head of security have the clearance to declare a lockdown. The other two aren't here yet, so I was sent to get you." Pepper nodded and stepped out of her office to address her assistant.
Bruce didn't dream anymore. He hadn't been able to since he was exposed to Gamma Radiation. Sleep was nothing but a long expanse of black until his eyelids inevitably fluttered open, allowing light in. One would think that kind of sleep would be merciful, especially for someone with his history. However, for Bruce, it wasn't. He didn't dream, but he could still think and sometimes his thinking would be enough to drive a sane person mad. He wasn't sure what that said about him, but it probably wasn't good.
"Oh, you know, the usual," she said. "Bright lights, big city, big chances at big scores… Why I stayed, though is the more interesting story."
Biting down on her lip hard, Lara tried to turn the volume up on her phone again. Unfortunately, the device had already reached its maximum volume and Robin Zander couldn't sing any louder. She thought about screaming just to drown out the sounds that Todd and her boyfriend were making, but she was certain that if she did, they would both come running out with guns drawn, not bothering to put on any clothes. Lara didn't need to see that, nor did she need to risk getting shot again, so she once again feebly tried to knock on the wall.
Yes, he was only now talking to Laura about the dog. In his defense, this was truly the first opportunity he had gotten to do so. When they arrived at the tower, Clint couldn't connect to the hidden server network he used to contact Laura. He tried on both his laptop and his phone but had no luck with either. The best he could guess with his limited technical skills was that Stark's AI was blocking the signal from going out. No matter what Clint did, it wouldn't connect and that frustrated him beyond reason. For obvious reasons, he couldn't ask Stark to fix this for him, so he ended up having to contact Hill.
"I don't mean completely alone," Natasha clarified. "When he gets back, he's probably going to be exhausted and out of it. He's probably going to want to go to bed and if he does, Steve is going to stay with him. I say some of us stay here in the living room overnight just to keep an eye on him."
"Then why do you keep doing this to yourself?" Steve asked. "Drinking all the time… Am I not enough?"
"Okay, ma'am," the officer said. "I believe you." Lara let out a frustrated huff of air. "Now, can you try to describe what happened in detail?"
"I believe he can prove invaluable to us," the creature said. "He can get us through Asgard's forcefield." Thanos gave a horrifying facial expression that most would describe as a grin, but Loki would say was more akin to a non-verbal death sentence.
"That's TBD as of right now," Clint said. "I'm going to be having a doctor coming in to check on me every few days, so hopefully they'll pull me off before too long."
"No," she said. "I was just pointing out the hypocrisy in that statement, you know, given that you clearly don't take your own business seriously."
After finishing their meals, the Avengers went straight back to the Hellicarrier for debriefings, and yes, it became very apparent that getting a play-by-play of what actually happened was clearly S.H.I.E.L.D.'s priority as they weren't allowed to shower or get medical attention first. As far as they were concerned, if you were still standing you could handle a forty-five-minute interview in a dark, cold, soundproof room. After which, they were finally allowed to clean themselves up and see medical professionals.
"After that tape was released, Stone made the wise decision to steer clear of Tony at all costs," he said. "Personally, I think it was to protect his own reputation. If he and Tony were seen together, it wouldn't be hard for someone to put two and two together."
"I'm fine." The hoarse edge to Tony's voice directly contradicted that statement. "I've got Steve. Don't worry about me. Just go home and get some sleep." Happy seemed hesitant but eventually agreed.
Every eye in the room turned towards Freeman. He quickly became aware of all the attention and awkwardly shrunk into himself as he exited the room. Natasha was hot on his six.
Oswin then marched off in the direction of the front entrance. Duran followed her and was taken off-guard when Oswin stopped short. Looking out the front window, Duran saw an Asian man clad only in his tighty-no-longer-whities. Duran staggered out a shocked breath.
"I meant the tape being made in the first place," Rhodey said. "It wasn't your fault." Tony's face fell further.
The list went on endlessly in Tony's head. He had to force himself to snap out of it and focus on his conversation with Pepper.
"Please," Lara said. "You've clearly got work to do and if I'm not here to assist you, well then I just wouldn't be doing my job now, would I?" Tony gave her a small smile in gratitude.
The words got caught in Tony's mouth and it took him a moment to force them out. He had to swallow hard in order to do so, though.
"I will," Natasha assured. "Don't doubt that. I just wanted you to know so you could act with caution around her."
He wasn't sure how it was possible, but he was pleasantly warm and achingly cold at the same time. The warmth was coming from an external source. He wanted to curl up into it and let it envelop him completely It felt like he hadn't been that warm in a long time.
"Easy," he said. "I wanted to make sure it was really you." Steve's face became perplexed. "I wasn't entirely convinced when S.H.I.E.L.D. told me that they had found you alive, so Fury offered me the opportunity to talk to you myself; see if you were legit."
"I'm not going to until I need to," she said. "Especially when I don't know their state of dress." Lara nodded in agreement.
"Well, we had an enraged Asgardian try to steal the Tesseract," Fury explained. "His name was Loki. He put one of our top agents and our leading scientist under his spell and attempted to use the Tesseract to summon an army of massive proportions to invade the Earth. Stark is part of a team established to protect the Earth from such threats."
Steve and Tony were separated once they were taken to be debriefed, as was everyone else. It was standard procedure, but Steve couldn't help but be a little miffed by it, especially when there was something clearly wrong with Tony. Steve could tell that he wasn't being honest when he said he was alright. Earlier when they were kissing, it felt like Tony was shaking in his arms. Given the brutality of the battle and the fact that Tony had a "minor" hysterical break earlier, Steve couldn't help but think he wasn't coping with any of this well emotionally and considering that Tony almost died… Well, Steve could attest first-hand that almost dying did a number on your emotions, and he could only imagine how Tony was internally reacting to it.
"I don't either," Steve said. "Believe me, but you don't need to get this upset over it. I'm fine." Tony could feel Steve's thumb brush over the back of his hand in what was meant to be a reassuring gesture. It didn't reassure him, and neither did the beer he bought off that kid hanging out on the park bench in front of the auditorium. He was sure his parents were proud.
He dreamt that he ripped open a letter filled with white powder and he was rushed to the hospital. He had no way of knowing if he was infected or if he infected anyone else. While all of this was happening, Laura and the kids were completely oblivious to the situation. He could have died from whatever mystery ailment he contracted, and they would never have known it or gotten to say goodbye. Good thing it was all just a dream.
She tried to regain her composure. She needed to get up and help people. However, it was only when the ship started tilting sideways that she was able to start coming to her senses. Fury's words in her ear did the rest of the job.
scared. For some reason, this just hit me harder than usual. I was afraid that…" Nat swallowed hard as she came to an abrupt stop. Clint's expression softened.
"You're stuck on that?" Tony said. "I'm more worried about 'the choir of bleached children.' What does that even mean?"
I wish I could say that I'm late uploading this chapter because I partied so hard last night and spent all day sleeping, but we all know that's a lie.
"Trust me," he said. "Anything would look horrible after you've spent five being forced to do nothing but stare at it; even the Sistine Chapel."
Lara has to attend a court hearing in regards to the restraining order she took out against her ex-husband. However, this means Tony will have to face the board alone. ...Or will he?
When Steve woke up that morning, he immediately noticed that Tony was so pale that his complexion was almost ashen. He was alarmed when he felt how hot Tony was, but after Tony woke up, Steve just let him fall back to sleep. He thought maybe Tony would get better with a little more rest, and the fact that Tony had basically rolled into his arms might have also made him reluctant to wake him. They stayed like that for a while, only being interrupted when some sort of device started playing music from Tony's pocket and Tony woke up to shut it off.
"Yes," Natasha said a little sharply. "We'll call you if we need you, but for now stay put." As soon as she finished saying that her eyes widened in alarm. "Oh-no."
"I don't think that's a good idea," Steve had to say. Pepper's eyes narrowed, and her mouth opened, but Steve cut her off before she could say anything. "I mean Tony going straight to work. I'll gladly leave if you want me to, but I just thought you should know that Tony's been running a fever for most of the night and all of this morning." Immediately her expression turned to puzzlement.
The small "thank you" Pepper gave were the only words anyone said as Rawls left the room. It was quiet for a moment. On the positive side, at least Tony didn't have an incurable, life-threatening illness. On the negative side…
"You gave me two months off and the option to see a counselor," Clint pointed out. "Did you offer the same thing for Stark?"
Generously, some of the staff from the CDC offered to keep an eye on the dog until the situation was resolved, so the dog hadn't gone without food, water, attention, or bathroom breaks while his owner was hospitalized. Since the dog had been found in the Avengers' penthouse, it was safe to assume that one of the Avengers was his owner, which was correct. However, they weren't sure as to which Avenger he belonged, and since Bruce was the first one to arrive back to the Tower, he was the first one they asked.
"No!" Tony broke Steve's grip on him and started to walk into the path of an oncoming Lexus. Steve sprinted forward and pushed Tony as far out of the way as he could. Steve started to brace himself for impact but luckily the driver of the Lexus had one foot on the breaks. He stopped just in time and shouted the most creative string of curse words Steve had ever heard out the car window. That was saying something, considering he was in the Army.
Tony nodded in understanding but internally he was consumed by concern and worry. Although he might not know Barton as well as the others, with what he'd heard in just the past conversation he knew he was at least a good guy. He didn't deserve the suffering that was coming to him and he didn't deserve to die.
"I'm not in danger," Tony assured quickly. "I don't know what I am." His chest felt like it was aching, and his shoulders felt heavy. He didn't want to do this, not now and especially not to Peggy. She had just said it herself, she couldn't say she wouldn't tell his parents. If he told her, she'd tell them, and Tony had absolutely no idea how they'd react. His mother would probably take pity on him, but Howard would probably want him out of the house for good. Tony knew from the second that his father sent him off to a boarding school that he didn't want him around. Now he'd have the perfect excuse to be rid of him once and for all. Peggy, however, had to keep prying.
"Tony, my God, I've never seen you look this bad." Her hand moved to the back of his neck. "You weren't like this a few days ago. What's wrong? You're burning up!"
Once again, I'm sorry about this. I'm not abandoning this story. I will be back on September First. Thank you for understanding.
Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War! Infinity War!
"Please tell me this gets me special rights and privileges," Tony said. "Like VIP access to the White House or something."
Yeah, Lara didn't buy that for a second. No waitress could afford to live in New York City on that salary alone. Even if they were in Queens, it still seemed highly unprobeable. It was either that, or her husband had something else he wasn't telling her. Either way, Lara was none too pleased.
It didn't take long for Steve to locate Tony and the rouge Asgardian. After all, the flashes from Tony's repulsor blasts and the lighting shooting off Thor's hammer put on quite a light show. As soon as he caught up to them he attempted to break up the fight and diffuse the situation. Obviously, Thor didn't take too kindly to that and attempted to strike him with the hammer. Thinking quick on his feet Steve brought the shield up to protect himself and it did protect him from the blow, however, what he didn't account for was the shield vibrating once struck to a chime that was loud enough to break the sound barrier and level half the forest. Well, that was probably good information to pocket for later.
"Alright," the man said with a broad but nonetheless genuine-seeming smile on his face. "Glad to see that everyone could make it. I understand not all of you have too much experience dealing with the public and the media, so we'll try to make it as simple and understandable as possible." The assembled group nodded and made noises of an agreement to that. "Now, before we get started, is there anything any of you think I should be aware of?"
Jessica then went on to explain the entire sequence of events from the text her Hydra handler had sent her to the moment she panicked and paged Carol. Fury didn't say or do anything to interrupt her, he just let her explain as best she could. As Jess talked, though, Carol couldn't help but get worried. It was clear she was having chest pain from the way she kept her hand over her heart, but also as she spoke, she became more out of breath. By the time she finished, Carol was wondering if she should pull that doctor away from Stark to look at Jess.
"I don't know…" Lara said. "Looking out the window, the we were still kind of at-level with the balconies inside the airport. I'd say about seven, eight floors up?"
"I asked Agent Romanoff about a line of redacted text in your S.H.I.E.L.D. file." Instantly, Tony knew where this was going, but he didn't stop Steve from continuing. "She said it 'probably had to do with a gay sex tape from 1995.' I have no idea what any of that means, other than your gay and S.H.I.E.L.D. knows it."
Steve looked over at Tony, trying to gauge his emotional state and whether he was okay enough to continue. Tony noticed this and gave him a reassuring smile.
"We were raised together," Thor called out. So, pity then. "We played together, we fought together. Do you remember none of that?"
Natasha shot Clint a dirty look at the use of the affectionate term he reserved solely for Laura but once she got a look at the cover, she understood why. Although most of the cover was taken up by a picture of one of the Kardashian sisters, a little box in the right-hand corner of the cover had a candid photo of her and Clint walking together, presumably after the Battle of New York given their disheveled appearance and the fact that she could see what looked like Thor behind them. The caption underneath read, "Hawkeye and Black Widow: Avengers Power Couple?" Nat couldn't help it. She burst out laughing, further earning the ire of the concierge.
"Well, that's strong," she remarked. "Like really sour but kind of watered-down wine." Stark nodded in agreement while he wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, the action obscuring his own soured expression.
get the tracker bracelet off?" Steve cringed at the memory of having to wear one of those while he went out with Tony the previous year. He hated it. It felt like S.H.I.E.L.D. had eyes on him everywhere they went. The only reason why he didn't try to rip the thing off his wrist was that he was afraid all S.H.I.E.L.D. would swoop down on them and ruin their night. However, Loki would be hunted by S.H.I.E.L.D. regardless of whether he had the bracelet on or not. He had nothing to lose trying to rip the bracelet off and when people had nothing to lose they would do anything to get away from those pursuing them. Steve, however, remained silent and Tony took that to mean he had no point to argue and continued.
The talk of stocks easily transitioned to the public's perception of Stark Industries as a brand. Given the co-dependent relationship the two topics had, it was only natural. Everyone seemed to have their own opinion on that, most of which Tony found to be negative. Noticeably, though, they all had a similar origin point, that being the company's ties to this new "Avengers project."
"I'll see you in a little bit." Tony then got up and walked out of the door on the other side of the room. Steve didn't have much time to miss his presence as the doctor stepped into view. He was an older man with a shaved head and a blond mustache.
As soon as he reached the top of the stairs and turned back to check the living room, he spotted Tony fast asleep on the couch. Well, that was how it appeared at first. Closer inspection revealed that Tony was passed out with three empty bottles of scotch surrounding him. Rhodey quickly checked for a pulse. Finding one, he let out a relieved sigh.
Anyways, if you liked this please leave a review. Be nice, though. I kind of need it after the hell week I've had. I think today's the only free day I have to myself and I intend to enjoy it.
Almost automatically, Knežević knew exactly what he needed to do. Forget the pipe-dream of becoming a billionaire! He was going to do what he should have done the second he got out of prison; take his girls back, by force if necessary, and he knew exactly the place to start.
"I didn't taste it myself," Tony said. "But I'm sure Bruce learned his lesson from the first time he made us curry." That lesson being Super Soldiers with enhanced taste buds and exotic spices don't mix. "I wouldn't worry about that. Besides, you're glazing over the important part." Steve raised an eyebrow.
Rhodey didn't know what the tape was when it got passed to him. One of his Air Force buddies just handed it to him, stressing that he "had to see it," and that it would "blow [his] mind." He tried to get his (as it was now apparent, not-really) friend to explain what was on the tape, but the guy insisted that he had to see it for himself. Reluctantly, Rhodey took the tape from him, thinking at worse it would be amateur porn or a bunch of shot-on-shiteo short films. That was an assumption he would come to regret.
The Supreme Understanding's membership peaked sometime in the mid-to-late '90s, but once tragedies like the Waco siege and the Heaven's Gate mass suicide started making headlines, it became harder and harder to recruit new members. Eventually, Adoniram became desperate, making doomsday prophecies in order to draw in new members. It did entice fear in some people, but in the end, it made more people leave his religion rather than increased their faith. When he gave the date of May 21st, 2011 as the end of the world and the day came to pass without incident, he saw the biggest withdrawal yet, leaving him with only a few hundred, somewhat skeptical followers. He pushed the date back a few months to September 4th, 2011, in a last-ditch effort to revive his followers' faith in him.
good. Not to mention she went through this whole story which had barely anything to do with how she got her powers before she actually told us about how she got her powers – and it happened years before the original story even took place. She could have just started with how she got her powers and left everything else out."
"The tooth fairy thought so, too," Laura said. "And what do you say to her?" Cooper clasped his hands together like he was praying and looked up at the ceiling.
He came upon the northwest corner of the building and immediately spotted Oswin. It looked like she had acquired a cart and had stacked the canisters and sealed containers onto it.
"Again, I have to say it's an honor to meet all of you," he said. "I'm sure many of my constituents would not be alive today if it wasn't for your efforts."
"From what that maintenance guy said, it sounded like Tony was screwing with the elevator last night," Natasha said. "Which would make sense, especially if he's drunk."
"Oh, trust me, I'd love that," he said. "But I'm just glad I could help in some way, even if that way was
Everyone set about getting their orders and as they did so, someone suggested that they take their food out to the lounge so they could watch a movie while they ate. Tony pointed out that there was a television in the kitchen and it was much bigger than the one in the lounge, but everyone else pointed out that the couches in the lounge were far more comfortable than the chairs at the dining table. Thus, he was overruled. Tony relented, but only on the condition that the puppy be kept far away from their food. Clint and Lara seemed disappointed by this, but nonetheless Clint corralled Lucky behind the empty bar. That way, they could keep an eye on him.
"You need to take time out for yourself," Carol said. "I learned that the hard way." Tony frowned, the few details he could remember of the story she told him coming to mind.
"I wish I never took that job in the first place," Steve's mother said. "If I had any idea it would be like this and we didn't need the money, there was no way I would have ever agreed to it."
"That you thought that you were unworthy of being in my presence; that you don't deserve all the adoration I give you, and you should have offed yourself years ago." Tony's stomach churned, and his blood ran cold. With wide eyes, he pulled Steve into his arms.
Before too long, they heard the microphone system click on and the crowd politely clap as the presenter came on the stage. The guy introduced himself as Joe Schmoe or something else unimportant and gave a whole spiel introducing them as "the heroes they've all been waiting for" or another equally cheesy line like that. Tony didn't care. He just wanted to get this over with so he could down the rest of his mimosa, but still, eventually the cue came and the five of them walked out on stage.
"I know all that," Steve said. "And unfortunately, I think I'll just leave him be and trust the US government to arrest him should he ever come stateside." Tony frowned.
Steve leaned in closer to the screen and watched Tony's movements with bated breath. Tony was very clearly bed wrangled with his hair a mess and his clothes rumpled. He seemed very out of it, rubbing his eyes and leaning against a wall for support. For the longest time he did nothing; just stared at the elevator's control panel with a glazed over expression. After a few minutes, he reached out and touched one of the buttons. He had his finger on it for less than a second before he jerked his hand back to cover his ears. Although there was no sound along with the footage, it could clearly be seen that Tony had been affected by a loud noise. With hands still over his ears, he staggered out of the elevator and out of shot.
He checked his phone for the zillionth time that day. He only turned it off when he was driving because he really didn't need that distraction with his head as fogged as it was. However, he still had no new calls or messages.
"So, this isn't like an intervention at all," Lara said. "You can't walk away from an intervention. This is more like a… Prevention."
"Bucky Barnes is dead. I watched him die." Despite saying it, Steve couldn't believe it. His heart clenched at the memory of watching his best friend – his brother – fall to his death. He forced himself to look up at Fury as he swallowed down the pain. "Is there anyone else? Is there anyone else who knew me that's still alive?" Fury was silent for a moment. Steve braced himself for impact.
"I only gave him a small amount," the doctor explained. "Just enough to throw him into a dreamless sleep for a few hours. That is, if he stops fighting it." Steve nodded in understanding.
"All set?" Knežević questioned. "How is this all set? The screen is completely black, how do I fix-" He was cut off as a blur of motion came across the screen and moments later he was met with the image of Oswin smiling and waving at him.
"We've made some mistakes along the way." Mistakes were an understatement on both potential fronts as to what Fury was talking about, but Steve managed to keep that thought to himself. "Some, very recently." That caught Steve's attention and he glanced up for a second from unwrapping his other hand to see that Fury had a file in his hand.
"I don't know what happened," she said. "I helped him plan out that press conference. I had no indication or any clue that he was even going to try something as ridiculous as going off like that."
Once inside, Dr. Cranston shut the door behind him, and Tony paused for a moment to get a look at the place. The atmosphere was the epitome of calm with its cool earth tones and the various plants dotted around the room providing natural, fresh, clean air. The wall opposite the door was made up entirely of bookshelves, containing volume upon volume of medical and psychiatric manuals. A desk sat perpendicular to the bookshelves that was neatly put together but held all the tell-tale signs of well-use like coffee mug rings and worn edges.
"Agent," he said, trying to come off as amicable when really, he was tired, annoyed, and in pain. "It's good to hear from you again. I was really in need of a three AM wake-up call."
Yay! Rhodey's here! Now I can stop feeling guilty about underutilizing him because look, I'm utilizing him now! Also, I don't know if you can tell, but these next couple of chapters are going to be the two-shot I originally planned on making separate from this story, so we're going to take a bit of a detour here, but hopefully, it'll be worth it!
"Why not?" He had to know. He had to know why this woman was daring to keep his children away from him.
Looking towards the front, Tony saw that Lara had gotten to her feet. She looked a little shaken, but no worse for wear. He gave her a concerned look and she nodded, mouthing that she was fine. Reassured, Tony turned to look behind him and saw Pepper kneeling on the ground, cradling her right cheek. He started to crawl towards her before he heard a heavy board hitting the ground on the opposite side of the room.
Remember kids, my name is Melinda, I'm twenty-two years old, and I have a baby shower to go to tomorrow!
"I am indeed, Sir," the AI responded. More relief flooded through Tony. Finally, he was catching a break.
The foyer doors and the outside doors were both made of glass. This meant Steve would see if one or both left. It also meant that he could still hear them shouting. Granted, the glass muffled the sound and even with his enhanced hearing he couldn't exactly make out what they were saying. However, he knew Lara sounded angry while Tony sounded drunk. Steve could very easily put the pieces together and figure out what they were arguing about.
"It's missing." Lara pulled the puppy away from her chest and sure enough, the dog was missing his front left leg. Lara's mouth dropped in shock.
Compared to the heat of the day, the cool night air was very much a relief. Sure, she was shivering, but she'd rather that than melting into a large puddle of sweat and human flesh. She sighed and was trying not to be too impatient, but the man was making it impossible. She understood that he had other matters that required his attention, but she had been standing on this roof for the past two and a half hours waiting for him to show up, in the most uncomfortable pair of high heels known to man, no less. She was about to leave when she heard the door shielding the building's access stairway open and close. Turning around, she was face to face with the man she was meant to meet.
