“The school cancelled my roses,” she all but growls.
The exam was two hours a long and Cas spent every minute fighting the overwhelming need to sleep. He tried to busy himself with more research about his upcoming trip to India but he found the words just blending together and melting off the screen.
It’s a beautiful expanse of time as their bodies arch into one another, racing toward the same precipice. And when it comes time to fall, it’s with their hands interlocked, Dean’s lips in Cas’s hair, and Cas biting into his shoulder.
Then she hears a creek above her and something like a sigh. The metal of the bleachers shakes with footsteps going the opposite direction. Like they’re leaving.
Benny steps in and water shakes off his shoulder. “Forgot that strudel I made for Andrea.”
“I’m great! Sam, Sam! Look who it is!” Jess was bouncing, her hands clutching Cas’s upper arm like she was afraid he would disappear.
“No, Cas.”
Me and Charlie are grabbing lunch. Want to come?
“Dean’s not the donor,” Cas says, much more put together than Dean. “He’s just a friend here to… help me choose.”
Cas’s head is spinning and her heart feels like it’s trying to beat out of her chest. “You- this- I’m not- but... but why?” she finally gets out.
Dean ran a frustrated hand through his hair. What the fuck had he done? What the fuck was he supposed to do now? He could hear Cas clambering around in the kitchen and it was making his stomach lurch – or maybe that was the alcohol.
They go back to flipping through the alpha library and Dean turns his nose at each one.
“How am I supposed to cast this spell?” Cas asks. “I can’t just start chanting and waving incense around without Dean suspecting something.”
Just three minutes ago they’d been kissing. He had held his best friends in his arms and tasted twelve years of dreams coming true and he had felt Cas in his hands, felt Cas’s hands touching him everywhere like a man on a mission. It was so surreal, Dean would have thought he’d just imagined it — wouldn’t be the first time — but the evidence of their very real encounter is still pressing painfully against the front of his jeans and Cas’s lips are still wet and his clothes rumpled. It had happened.
*Eight years ago*
“Oh my god, Cas, it’s so good to see you!” the tiny red-haired woman squealed as she rose to hug him.
He also couldn’t remember how he had gotten home. Cas frowned at the bathroom. He didn’t remember getting a cab or riding up the elevator. He didn’t remember undressing or crawling into bed.
He expected Cas to get excited but when he doesn’t immediately respond, Dean looks up from his breakfast and finds his friend frowning, eyes downcast.
Sam ducked inside and took the seat Cas gestured to in front of his desk.
“What time do you think you’ll be home?”
It takes Dean a long moment to gain the ability to speak. "I...didn't think it would matter."
He looks back up, head lolling to the side. It would work.
Once Dean has finished, Cas takes the dishes and puts them in the sink. They can wait until morning. He turns and leans against the counter, studying his husband as he just sits as their kitchen island, looking soft and comfortable in his pajamas, perfect normal and domestic.
Cas wakes up earlier than usual to see Dean before he leaves for work. He can hear puttering in the kitchen and forces himself to roll out of the warmth of their bed.
Cas got home and he felt numb crossing the threshold. The racket of last night echoed in his head and for the first time in months, the apartment felt empty. Lonely. Strange.
Dean shakes his head and looks up. “Does it get easier for you? Walking away from me?”
Dean’s favorite was a little black velvet bag. Inside it was a piece of mandrake root. Dean had read somewhere that mandrake root was a pagan sign of fertility. He still remembered the day he had given it to Cas, remembered the way Cas’s eyes almost popped out of his head and the deep blush that had reddened his cheeks. And he would never forget that night, when Cas had left scratch marks all up and down his back and nearly painted his entire neck purple in hickeys.
Cas almost jumps when Gabe’s voice pops up right behind him. He shoots a glare over his shoulder. “What?”
“It was… as pleasant as one could expect.”
Cas wants to just wave it off but knows it won’t do either of them any good. So she says, “Thank you,” and offers a smile.
Oh gods, not now. This can’t all be happening at once.
“But everything you’ve done-”
Dean laughs and reaches out to place the custom Stetson on her head. It dips a little on her forehead and she pushes it up, revealing a dazzling smile that makes his chest tighten. “Now that’s more like it.”
Dean slips his phone out of his desk and locks the classroom on his way out. He can’t help but wrinkle his nose a little on his way to the teacher’s lounge. Not even the strongest blockers can completely douse the overwhelming stench of teenage hormones. The hallways always smell like sweat, angst, and sexual frustration.
“With Lisa?”
Dean waves it off. “Balthazar, smalthazar. You’re Calliope Novak. His daughter. Who he has dreamt about long before you were even born. Trust me, I was there for all of it.”
“What?” she asked, picture of innocence. “Before last week’s drunk rendezvous, they hadn’t seen each other in a year. It had to be awkward.”
“Oh, yeah? From any particular region?”
“Then stop yelling, dumbass,” Dean said, forcing his voice to a more reasonable volume. “Gave me a fucking heart attack. What the fuck is wrong with you.”
“Like a few weeks?” Cas hedges, trying to get a grip on both his and Dean’s emotions. “Months?”
“What? No, he’s a great guy.”
Cas takes a shuddering breath at the mention of the spell. Anna can feel him wanting to argue but they had made an agreement. In addition to proving that he is
“Really?” Cas mumbles into his shirt.
They’re sprawled out on the couch, stomachs full of pizza and cheesy breadsticks and the comforting lethargy only known on Friday evenings in a space that was finally starting to feel like home.
He turned from the sink and stared across the expanse of the living room. A strange force pulled him over and he found himself skimming the contents of the entertainment center. He glanced over the movie collection, smirking at the ridiculous amount of nature documentaries. Cas loved those.
Dean’s face pinches, remembering all the rejections at once. “Because you’ve never said yes before?”
When Dean looks up Charlie is grinning at him. “What?”
“Five times,” Victor gasps, catching his breath. “That’s impressive.”
“Do you have any idea how fucking crazy you sound right now?”
“Oh, fuck,” he breathes, as realization hits him.
Dean shrugs with a lazy grin. “Gotta get them done some time and it’s not like I got anyone to get back to.”
“I’ve missed you too,” Dean whispers. “You have no idea.”
Cas is mating — no, not mating. It’s not mating. Cas isn’t looking for a mate that’s the entire purpose of finding a donor.
Nothing like the one with-
“No, really. Didn’t you have a photo of that exact pot rack hanging over your bed?”
“It’s about damn time,” Charlie said as Cas took a seat between Dorothy and Jess that placed him right across from Dean.
“Oh, thank you so much, Uncle Dean,” she cries and scrambles up to wrap him in a hug.
Because they were coming. Soon.
Tightening her arm, Deanna steers Cas out of the mess that is the gymnasium. There’s still so much to be done: painting the backgrounds, stringing the lights, putting the stage together.
“He works with the mayor?”
Dean smiles apologetically and goes to fetch his duffle from the closet. “Callie is super sick at a friend’s house and Cas is out of town so he asked if I could go get her and take her home.”
In just another few months he’ll have a baby of his own. A child to love and spoil unconditionally.
“’m fine,” Dean grumbled. “Jus fine.” He took a deep breath. “Ne’er mix Bacardi with tequila.”
He looks up at his name and wants to die when he spots Dean. He looks out of breath, his chest heaving, and his face is tight with worry. He approaches slowly when Cas doesn’t respond and sits next to him on the bench, leaving an appropriate amount of space.
They order their dessert and once again Dean finds himself spoon feeding Cas a taste of his chocolate pie. But this time, there are no nervous butterflies. This time, it’s all heat. A searing, thick heat that fills his lower half and runs down his skin, tight, as Cas’s eyes seem to glaze over with something Dean’s never seen before, something desperate and primal and eager as his pink lips separate and Dean catches just the faintest glimpse of his tongue before he licks the treat into his mouth.
When that was done, he went on a run. His goal had been two miles but he barely made it one. He really needed to start working out more regularly.
Dean tries to smile apologetically rather than look like a man running for the hills. “Sorry but it’s my only day off this week and we haven’t had a lot of time together, ya know?”
Cas lifted his champagne glass with the rest of his colleagues. As they cheered and chattered about the highs and lows of the semester he retreated back into his office.
“Sammy-boy called and told me you seemed a little reluctant when he invited you to the party. So he sent me to make sure your ass got there.”
Callie doesn’t look amused if the squint of her eyes through her helmet is any indicator. After her cowboys phase, Callie had taken a hard left turn into the middle ages. Instead of dude ranches and old westerns, she was all about renaissance faires and knights in shining armor. Which was the theme of her birthday this year and explained why Dean and Cas had a bunch of pre-teens running around their house dressed like medieval soldiers and nobles.
She takes another few bites, moaning her appreciation, then finally swallows and seems to finally remember her question. “I mean Cas. When are you going to tell him that you’re hopelessly in love with him?”
“What happened to me after that?”
When he got home, he showered and got ready for the day. His went grocery shopping, trying to stay in the produce aisles. He returned home to put them away then ventured back out to the mall, where he needed to get a few things for his upcoming trip.
He shrugs again. “Meg said you were talking to Balthazar. I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“Truth or dare?”
The idea of Dean decorating by himself doesn’t sit well in Cas’s stomach. “But it’s Christmas. You shouldn’t be doing this stuff alone.”
“Anna and Gabe think it’s my gift,” Cas whispers. “Because when you felt your ass being touched on the ladder I had… been thinking of you.” His shoulders rise over his reddened ears. “And the same when your jacket zipper came down.”
Dean nods and smiles. “Okay. Just making sure.”
A knock at the door jolted Cas from the depressing stupor he was sinking into. He blinked a few times and groggily went to answer the door.
He throws on the some sweats and sneaks out of the dark bedroom ans into the kitchen.
Anna scribbles the runes on the white ribbon.
Dean lounges on his bed, watching the little text bubble pop up letting him know Cas is responding.
“Just answer the damn question, Dean.”
“Why not?”
The figure startles and turns, Cas’s face coming into the light and he looks like an angel.
“Uncle Cas?” Dean asks with a jolly laugh. “Has Miss Claire been a good girl?”
The woman sitting at the front desk calls for them then. “Dr. Novak?”
He looks over where Cas is swinging his arms slowly up over his head, bringing his hands together and pulling them down to his chest.
“Sorry isn’t good enough, Dean! You left me! You-you just decided that you didn’t want me! You abandoned me during one of the most stressful moments of my life! Twenty-one days! You left me twenty-one days before we were supposed to get married! Who the fuck even does that? And everything you did before that? The drinking? The disappearing acts? And then you couldn’t even tell me why. You just vanished one day.” Cas’s voice lowered as he began to tremble, thinking back on that terrifying day. “I came home and you were just gone. Not even a note. You just…
Dean frowns and pulls his hands away. “Ha-ha, Gabe. I was just, ugh, nothing. It’s nothing.” He clears his throat, trying to shake it off and refocuses on the man in front of him. “Where have you been? Cas needed your help with decorations.”
“Oh, yeah, go ahead,” Dean says and nearly slaps himself because this isn’t his fucking house.
Dean swallowed and tore his eyes from the couple. “Yeah. Yeah, Charlie, I’m good.” He angled his body so he didn’t have to look at the bar. He smiled.
Dean watched as Cas’s hand gave his stomach one final pat. At just six months, Cas was finally starting to show, proudly displaying a cute little baby bump under his sweaters. Sometimes it was still jarring for Dean to look at his friend of five years and see the obvious sign of pregnancy. But then he would smile because, truthfully, it was a good look for Cas. He looked happy. Soft.
“Oh my god, Dad!”
“Wait, Dean, what did you need to talk to me about?”
“So what’s this all about today?” he asks, picking at his pasta. “You sounded weird on the phone.”
Cas’s eyes are sparkling with mirth but he raises his hands in surrender. “If you say so.”
Dean laughed. “’s that what time it is? Shiiiiit, feels like…” He didn’t tell  Cas what time it felt like. Instead, Dean slowly straightened and pushed his way past inside the apartment.
Gabe and Anna figured they could suffer through the ugly sweaters for one night if it made their big brother happy — and helped prove that he was magical afterall.
“A better present?” Cas asks with raises brows.
“You passed out in the bathroom. We found you a while later sprawled out on the floor with your pants undone.” She snickers and Dean feels all the color leave his face. “Pretty sure you tripped while trying to pee. Very smooth.”
The receptionist smiles. “No problem, this happens all the time.” She fishes under the desk and pulls out a plastic cup. “You two will go into one of our private rooms. Just make sure Mr. Winchester deposits into the cup and puts it—”
He shows the images to Callie who immediately lights up, eyes wide and almost disbelieving and he knows he has her. “What do you say, partner?” he asks, forcing his best southern drawl.
It was hard to believe that it was over. All that was left was a little grading. Another year gone.
It was decided without words that Dean would drive Cas to the airport. It was as silent in the car as it was in the apartment, like both of them were afraid to break something.
A loud voice yelled over the intercom, reminding them of where they stood wrapped up in each other. Cas pulled back first, grimacing at the seat of people moving around them.
It still gives him chills.
Cas rolls his eyes fondly and files that information away to share with his brother later.
He looks at Charlie who seems to realize at the same time as him. “What do I do?” he whispers, fearing the inevitable answer.
Come 9:00, they return to the nursery to arrange everything and Dean is painfully reminded just how big a pain in the ass Cas be because that finicky fucker makes them change the floor plan like a dozen times. Finally, he settles on one and Dean hangs around to help add a few finishing touches: putting some photos on the wall, assembling the mobile, which is of course bees but Dean doesn’t comment — it’s actually kind of cute.
“Can I have sex?” Cas asks immediately.
“You just haven’t been able to stop talking about him all night.”
“I was making us breakfast,” Cas says slowly as Dean moves to grab his boots. “Isn’t today your day off?” he asks.
An icy rage courses through Dean at the mention of that dumbass who knocked up Cas. Balthazar. Dean had never liked him the few times they’d hung out, usually in a bar because that was basically where Balth lived. He just lurked around the club scene, picking up whoever he can. Sure, he’s nice enough and charming to boot, but he’s also a complete numskull and a piece of shit — and if Dean hadn’t already thought that before he got Cas pregnant, it was practically scientifically proven the moment he told Cas he wanted nothing to do with the baby. Like what kind of person turned down Cas? A fucking idiot.
Cas wrinkles his nose and blinks his eyes, coming out his head, and he almost growls. Lisa Braedon, a ninth-grade science teacher, is standing next to Dean. She’s got one hand on his shoulder and they’re smiling at each other. Lisa’s fingers flex over Dean’s shirt and Cas’s tighten into fists.
“Callie, dear,” Mildred pipes up, “why don’t you and I go nibble at the dessert table before all the good treats are eaten?”
Dean can’t help the little bit of laughter in response to her obvious irritation. “Yeah, I’m sorry. Things got crazy at work. But I’m here now and should have things ready pretty quick.”
Words finally return to Dean and with the most clarity he’s had since Cas walked through the door, he says, “Lead the way.”
“Christmas decorations,” Cas says as they safely deposit the bags on the kitchen island.
“Dean!” Cas cries, sounding shocked.
“Cas,” Anna finally breaks the silence, “what do you mean you
“No, no she doesn’t. She’s just upset. But we’re going to fix it,” Dean assures him. He pats his back and then pulls away before he tries to sink deeper into Cas’s warmth and refuses to leave. He offers his friend a smile. “Where is the birthday girl?”
“Cas,” Deanna says softly and reaches for her hand. Cas hates when she does this. She looks up into those summer green eyes and tries hard not to face plant in her food. “Don’t do this. Don’t just run through every possible bad scenario and scare yourself out of this. Someone wants to take you to prom. You should be happy.”
A heavy silence falls over the table, jarring after the liveliness that had lifted the room just minutes ago. The sounds of silverware clinking against places and mouths chewing swell until Dean feels ready to snap and so he starts gathering plates and goes to fetch dessert.
That Dean thought Cas too spineless to commit a little groping? Too scared to reach out and take what he wants? Because if that were the case, Dean Winchester would be completely and utterly… correct.
“I’m… confused.”
Similar to that moment, Cas feels like she can’t look at her friend, can’t say a word, without destroying everything she’s worked so hard to keep.
Cas frowns. “You mean none of you have seen her all day?”
“I did tell him that. Kinda…”
“Make sure you prep the steak for tomorrow then head on home, man,” Dean tells his sous chef.
Deanna’s smile is smug. “I try.”
“I’m proud of you.”
Cas just chuckles as he towel tries a bowl and goes to put it away. “It’s fine, Dean.”
“Me too.”
Cas won’t meet his eyes and chooses to stare at his feet instead. He holds out a hand and Dean frowns at it, confused, until one of the wreaths starts to rise off the counter. Dean gapes as it turns in circles with the motion of Cas’s finger and then drops back down.
Dean’s eyes sparkle. “Oh, dragons? I’ll have to check it out after you!” Dean has always been a sucker for tales of fantasy and anything with a dragon is a literary masterpiece to him.
Cas throws himself onto the mattress and he hums the happiest sound when Dean stretches out of top of him.
“He had a meeting at work. Asked me to come get you and bring you to the museum.”
*****
Dean’s gut twists but he manages a soft chuckle. “Ah so the horror stories about cravings are true.”
“It fine,” Cas says, still sounding calm but distant. “I think it’s time for me to go.”
Dean pulls a drink from his water bottle. “Okay. Shoot.”
The voice is quiet and takes everyone a minute to calm down but then all eyes turn to Hannah.
“Most importantly,” the first woman says, “Callie will finally carry her father’s last name.”
He did not sleep in the bed that night.
Dean doesn’t leave the clinic quite the same.
“What would?”
Dean looked over his shoulder. “Sudden interest in hoarding?”
“Oh, that new K-8 you told me about?”
The table suddenly smells like rain and when Cas looks up his eyes are shining like he’s about to cry. It pulls at something deep and protective in Dean but before he can jump Cas says, “I’ve decided to move back to Washington.”
So Cas changed into his pajamas. He heated up some leftovers in the microwave and entertained himself with a show on National Geographic. He graded some papers, checked his itinerary for tomorrow. He brushed his teeth.
Dean brushes Cas’s hair aside and presses soft kisses to his temples. “I feel that too,” he admits. “But I don’t think even dreams can be this perfect.”
The phone stops after a moment and Dean takes a few steps toward the room when it starts again and he frowns. Two consecutive calls usually means something serious.
“Can’t be a lawyer without a briefcase,” Charlie said. “Jess said you had been eyeing some so ta-da!”
They start walking again but Cas pays no attention to where they’re going, too busy wondering just what the hell is wrong with him.
“Oh, you think I’m here for you? I was just trying to find a quiet place away from all that. Ya know, old age and all that. You seen your dad?”
Dean frowns around his first pull of beer. “Uh, yeah. I’ve told you about her. We send her birthday and Christmas gifts every year.”
“’m not-”
He feels Cas’s chest expand and fill right next to his. The hand tracing on Dean’s shoulder squeezes. A large, soft, warm hand.
To say they’re the talk of the night is an understatement. The second they enter the gym with their hands clasped together, the murmurs start up. And when they walk onto the balcony Deanna built to have their photo taken, they can feel the eyes on them, watching closely. Deanna has a sneaky smile that Cas finds questionable and she starts to say something when Deanna puts an arm around her waist and dips her, lips coming together. And it’s not shaky this time.
Dean leaned his way with a frown on his face and looked him up and down. “Are you drunk?”
Cas isn’t yours to defend anyway, a small voice says in the back of his head.
“Well, your dad is in charge of the ancient Greece section,” he says, eyes still scanning until he sees something that makes him grin. “But I see a wild west exhibit on here that I think deserves a little attention.”
Again, Cas shrugs. “I’m just considering all the possibilities.”
“Cas, I-”
He considers for a moment. “I’ll take each of them except dominance.”
“Nope.”
She takes a breath. “Listen. I know this is a class for partners and while you and your mate have a lovely bond, I must ask you to be a little less distracting in next week’s class, okay?”
It’s with great strength that he pulls his lips away from Cas’s, nipping when Cas tries to follow him. “I think we should take this to the bedroom,” he whispers.
“For your sake, I hope you’re right because if you fall on me again, I’m slashing one of your tires.”
“Of course. Good luck with all those papers.” Sam got to the door and paused. “Hey, Cas?”
“Thanks,” Cas replies. “And this- this looks amazing,” she says, gesturing to the balcony. “I really can’t thank you enough for going out of your way to do this.”
“Don’t call me that,” Cas almost begs, feeling the endearment like a slap to the face.
“I love you,” he says. Because he finally can.
“I want you to cast a lust spell on Dean.”
Both Winchester’s turned their attention to Jess.
The bartender filled Charlie’s shots and pushed them toward her with the glass of water. “Yeah, and if you don’t do something soon you’re not going to see him again period for a long time.”
After class ended, Cas rushed to his office.
He takes a deep breath. “So Brady and I were just at Callie’s birthday party…”
Cas’s eyes search for his and they harden a few degrees, that familiar wrath settling home. “Where
“Yeah. Good night.”
… but, uh, when do you —
Dean laughs again and turns his direction to Claire. “That’s very good to hear. So what would you like for Christmas, Miss Claire?”
Dean finally turned to face Cas. “I was so furious with my dad, but I took it out on you. But you never said a word, never got mad at me and that just made me hate myself because I could see how much pain I was putting you through and you still said nothing. I didn’t get it. I couldn’t understand how someone as amazing as you wanted me, deserved someone like me. Then I realized that you didn’t. You deserved so much better. You still do.”
Cas was careful not to touch Dean’s skin as he slipped the jeans over his hips and down his legs. He’d be lying if he said the temptation wasn’t there or that seeing Dean sprawled out on their –
He was in their bed.
He nods and starts to wander off.
Dean stumbles into the bathroom and leans against the sink. It’s cool in here and he tries to let it calm the heat under his skin and just breathe. Slow, deep breaths.
“What happened?”
Sam contemplated. Dean hadn’t answered any of his calls or texts since Thursday. No one had heard from him all day Saturday. He hadn’t shown up at work and that’s when Bobby called Sam. Now it was Sunday and still nothing.
“He works in the religious studies department with Cas,” Sam said. “I’ve seen him around a few times. Friendly guy.”
Every few minutes Dean would hit his phone to check the time. It was almost 9:30 and there was no sign of Cas. Dean didn’t know if that disappointed or relieved him but he began bouncing his leg under the table and it got faster with each passing minute.
Dean laughs. “What, there isn’t another crew for cleanup?”
Cas couldn’t help but think about the night before, full of such wonderful moments that now sat like cold stones in his stomach. Maybe it had been a mistake, an impulsive decision made in a moment of vulnerability that offered them no direction or clarity.
“Yeah, once.”
Dean snorted. “Yeah… You know that it was a year on Thursday?”
That brings Dean’s brows up. “Wait, you mean the guy is here?”
“Okay,” Dean draws out the word because this is almost too much to process. “So you can… move things with your mind?” Cas nods again. “So that’s your gift. Okay. Well, that’s awesome Cas. But what does that have to do with the lust spell?”
Cas just continued to smile. “I look forward to it. Where is Ellen?”
“And splash some water on your face,” Cas calls as he cracks the bedroom door open. “You’re all gross and sweaty.”
“I can’t-”
But at least Dean has Callie. Charlie was giving him the time he’d asked for, time to spend with his daughter before she undoubtedly got ripped away from him once he told Cas the truth. Time to appreciate Cas, cataloging and collecting every smile and laugh he can for the rainy days head.
Callie’s whole body shakes for a moment before she’s off like a rocket, diving into the couch and wielding the remote like it’s the lost sword Excalibur. Dean can’t help his laugh before looking over at her father whose studying the apartment much like his daughter, eyes sharp and critical but a little searching. Dean understands why. The apartment doesn’t reflect much of him and it’s clear to anyone who really knows Dean. In fact, the whole place was Brady’s design with a few subtle contributions from Dean. It was a little… modern for his tastes but it was still home.
And that’s when he spots it - just a tiny flash of orange clutched in the hand of another kindergartner. It’s not a lot to go on but Cas just knows deep down that’s his toy!
Dean’s smile is apologetic. “Covering a shift for Benny.”
Cas doesn’t know what to say in this moment, too occupied by the symphony of unpleasant emotions stirring in his stomach. He still can’t believe Dean even remembered the few stories Cas had shared about his previous relationship. He doesn’t make a habit of talking about his time with Gadreel because for the most part there wasn’t much to tell. It had been a borderline arranged marriage between their families, the most honorable way to do away with the two gay sheep of the families and maintain their prestige. There had never been much between the two aside from subdued but pleasant conversation, a lackluster and occasional sex life, and their annual trips to Amsterdam.
Once Cas is gone Dean has no choice but to wander around with the rest of the guests. He meets a few more distant cousins, a couple of Balthazar’s rich old aunties. Actually, the more of Balthazar’s relatives that he meets the more his skin crawls. The very idea of these people being around his kid-
Mildred scoffs and instead of shaking his hand, she keeps hold of it. “It’s wonderful to finally meet you, too, but if you call me ma’am again, this engagement party will become a funeral.” Dean swallows and nods. “Now, you come with me. Castiel has been eager to see you.”
Fire flashes through Deanna’s eyes for a second and Cas figures Sam will be in for it later. “It doesn’t matter, Cas.”
“Earth to Castiel? Are you still there?”
And Cas has no response for that.
“Isn’t that your locker?” she asks and Cas nods. “Aren’t you going to open it?”
“My name is Claire Novak and I’m six years old,” Claire says like she’s rehearsed it. And knowing her, she probably has.
Cas shakes his head. “No. I just like looking at you.”
Standing feels foreign and a little dizzying once Donna announces they’re finished for the day. Dean gives a big yawn, stretching his arms over his head and trying to shake the sleepiness off. Yoga may not be his thing but damn if he’s not going to have one hell of a great nap later.
Charlie sighed wistfully. “I can’t believe you get to go travel around India while we’re stuck in Kansas watching corn pop out of the ground.”
Then he took a breath. “Just do what you would normally do,” he told himself.
Dean stood up fast and wobbled a bit. “What the hell does that mean?”
“Cas? What are you doing here?”
“It won’t. Everyone else will have a great time.”
Cas still hadn’t decided if he was going or not. He had received several texts from Charlie over the last few days, begging, encouraging and ordering him to come. There were a few from Sam too and even Jess, who Cas had been surprised to hear from.
*****
Cas turns, curious. “What doesn’t?”
“When we first started... dating,” Dean rasps, his voice so soft Cas has to lean closer to hear, “you talked about... how Gadreel would take you... to Amsterdam every year.” Cas almost flinches at his ex’s name. “And how it was...” Dean takes a wheezy breath and breaks out in a coughing fit. Cas raises the mask to Dean’s face and makes him take a few breaths until he’s calmed down, the whole time his own heart constricting and sinking.
“But Cas is single, isn’t he? So why would his doctor recommend a birthing class for couples?”
He looks down in shame. “I didn’t have that confidence, Cas. I knew it was going to end one day, that you would leave me when you realized... I thought if we kept going it was just going hurt worse when it finally did end.”
“Dean!”
Cas smiled apologetically. “I have a lot on my mind.”
Lisa spins around at his call and Dean shoots a bright smile as he jobs toward her.
Jess laughed and punched Gabe in the arm. “Get your own!”
Dean was inspecting the couch with pursed lips. He laid a hand on the back of it and rubbed his palm across the smooth leather. His odd expression made Cas tilt his head. “Dean?”
“Um, Dean?”
“I’m not up to anything.”
“Hey, Cas?” A dark-haired beta pokes their head into the kitchen and pulls their attention. “Balthazar is looking for you. I think it’s almost time for the speech.”
“A lust spell. For you.” Cas cringes as he says it and awaits Dean’s outburst.
Dean picked it up and moved to sit on the couch. His fingers were quivering as they rubbed against the soft velvet.
When Dean doesn’t answer right away, just keeps smiling, Cas punches him again and then again until Dean is chuckling and forced to defend himself. “Okay,” he says, batting away Cas’s fists. “Okay, I didn’t- I wasn’t sure-”
“You want to go to Amsterdam...?” Cas looks up into Dean’s eyes and the disappointment he finds there cools all the heat raging inside him. “Dean?”
She registers the disappointment in Deanna’s voice but chooses not to internalize it.
“I think it takes a little more than green eyes and freckles to prove-”
“Not happening.”
“Ours. Well, almost ours.”
“What can I get for you?” the bartender asked, crashing into Dean’s thoughts.
Dean bowed his head again, his mouth suddenly tainted by a bitter taste.
Dean jumped in the shower first. He stepped out still feeling dirty.
He’s up before he can even think, dashing to the other side of the swings where the boy sits. He’s moving the toy through the blades of grass like it’s on some amazing jungle adventure, whispering nonsensical dialogue to himself, but Cas doesn’t care.
“No, I don’t want to!”
Krissy looks up from where she’s stocking one of the shelves with face masks. “Hey, Anna,” she says as they get closer. She frowns at their bags. “Ugh, did I miss when Cas installed a kitchen in the back?”
“Look, I know this seems weird and a little self-defeatist,” Cas says, “but it’s what I want, Dean. And I’d really appreciate your support because I could use your help.”
But at least now Cas could move on. He’d gotten through his first year as a professor. He would spend his summer in India doing research on Jain temples. Then he would come back, ready to teach another year. It would be better. The year would be better. He would be better.
Dean does not even in the slightest but he makes himself ask, “What is it?”
"You were engaged, Cas!" Dean yells back. "How was I supposed to tell you? And it wasn't like I was aware of it until I was in the hospital. And as soon as I got out I had your engagement party to go to!"
“Smart man,” Dean teases.
The words dropped like a wall between them, Dean absolutely disgusted with himself on his side and Sam lost as to how to pull his brother out of the hole he had dug himself into.
Mary Winchester looks up from the cookbook she’s staring at like it’s encrypted and smiles at Cas. “I was going to make an attempt but I think I’ll play it safe and just order pizza.” She closes the book and pushes it away with great pleasure. “How have you been?”
“God, it’s like we’re in a rom-com,” Dean grumbled.
“No, Ellen said we’re going to drink her out of house and home. You’ll be there, right?”
Dean smiled. “Don’t worry. I’m sober this time.”
“Yes... no,” Dean amends. “I mean...” He runs a hand through his hair, letting it rest on the back of his neck. “I don’t know. I think I just haven’t been feeling it for a while? I actually kinda... wanted to break up.”
Because seeing Cas made Dean think of home and family. It made him remember the days of long movie marathons and kisses that tasted like beer and popcorn, mornings that smelled of blueberry pancakes and arms wrapping around his waist, nights cocooned in blue sheets with wandering fingers and breathy promises.
“Oh, misty eye of the mountain below…”
There’s just the ghost of an ache in Dean’s chest when Sam reminds him. Dean just tries to sink further into the furniture. “He doesn’t need to know.”
Somewhere in the distance they pick up on squealing and bright laughter and it leads them into the belly of the beast: a living room redecorated in wall-to-wall pink fabric and an army of a dozen or more little girls frollicking around in pajamas and positively screeching. There are adults moving around in fucking tuxes with gold serving trays of what looks like — fucking champagne? And hour d’oeuvres? And there in the back hanging from the high ceiling is a long banner proclaiming, HAPPY BIRTHDAY CALLIE!
Dean thinks.
“Was tonight... a date?”
Dr. Mills laughs. “Hey, let’s get through this check-up and then I’ll have you back on your way to that handsome alpha.”
“Any name is better than Ralph. But it’s a last name, Cas. I mean, c’mon. Emerson Novak?”
“-vak… Professor Novak?”
“Castiel! I know you’re in there, you bitter, old recluse!”
And maybe it’s not the ideal first kiss considering morning breath and all that, but it’s still beyond perfect. It’s all he can do to just hang on, his instincts torn between wanting to climb Dean like a tree and wanting to fall to his hands and knees on the kitchen floor and present. Or drag Dean up the stairs to his bed and spend all day in a nest just feeling each other and being together. His body shivers at that idea. Yes, he wants to lie in bed and be held. He wants to feel Dean’s large hands caress his body and bask in the alpha’s heat.
Dean laughs as he heads for the door. “Oh no, Dr. Novak. You’re not breaking my clean record.” He slips into his jacket and picks up his bag. “I’ll see you tonight, babe. Love you.”
Dean waves him off. “Any time, man.”
Cas fought his way back into the lecture, doing his best to answer all questions and concerns about the upcoming exam. His students deserved his absolute best and he refused to fail them. Especially with their grades at stake.
Both men turn to Donna, smothering their smiles. “No, ma’am,” they say at the same time.
He was going to die here.
Her response is a simple yet powerful eye roll. “We’ll see.”
Cas rolls his eyes and ruffles her hair again. “I guess you’ll find out on Christmas, huh, little elf?”
Cas swallowed. “Because Sam has a very loving older brother who I can only assume would also be in attendance.”
He was found on the floor with his pants undone. And a cup of sperm.
Charlie wiggled over to rest her head on Dean’s shoulder. “Then you move heaven and hell to get him.”
Dean frowns. “Hmm, a little elf told me you could use some help in the romance department.”
“Truth or dare?”
Cas eyed the jacket resting on the corner of his desk.
Cas had expected to feel better after their talk. He expected to feel lighter, freer. If not happier, than more content. He had been weighed down by Dean’s departure for a year, constantly wondering what he could have done differently to make Dean stay, how he could have been better for Dean.
“The Impala gets more than ten miles to the gallon?”
The championship game is a home game and Cas’s friends talk him into going. He isn’t amongst the first to arrive and his seat is a safe distance from Dean’s base. He doesn’t want to be a distraction even when a dark voice tells him he wouldn’t be because Dean has moved on. Cas is just a bitter part of his past now.
Cas’s smile vanishes and Dean could slap himself. Definitely too far.
“Huh? Yesterday? Oh, yeah!” Dean assured him with a dismissive hand. “Totally fine.”
By lunch on Tuesday, Cas has spent pretty much every waking hour wondering about that box and who could have left it.
It drew a smile from Dean, small but still there. “Yeah, I, uh, can’t stay I’m much better.” The silence grew again and they both looked away from each other. Then Dean, said, “Cas?”
Dean stays equally as still, not sure what the next move is. “Speech?” he finally goes with, arching a brow.
Jess laughed. “Oh, you’ll be fine by Friday. You don’t even have to drink. But come with us. Please.”
It’s not Benny at the door.
Dean tried not to focus too much on that aspect of the arrangement. Tried not to think about the physical activities it would entail or how it implied in which direction Cas and Balthazar’s relationship was going. Not that it wasn’t pretty clear anyway.
“You know you’re welcome to spend the night here,” Cas offers. “You can borrow some of my clothes to sleep in and wear to work tomorrow.”
“It’s Dean,” Sam said, slapping some cash on the table. “He got in an accident at work.”
“Uh, yeah. That’s me. I own a restaurant downtown.”
Sam slammed a fist on the counter, rattling the dishes and Dean’s brain. “Because you two aren’t together anymore, Dean!” Sam yelled.
child whom he already loves and adores.
“Dean,” Cas hisses.
Dean’s shoulders shoot back and he sucks in a deep breath before looking Cas in the eye and asking, “Cas, do you want to dance with me?@
The mention of it makes Cas wrinkle his nose. He’s never been a fan of sports and has nothing but bitter memories of his older brothers’ hectic schedules and stinky laundry and late nights spent shivering on cold metal bleachers while people kick, throw, and hit balls in every such direction.
“Dean, it’s fine,” Cas repeats. “It was just a game.” He tilts his head back, looking into the light and he looks so soft and beautiful and Dean wants to touch him everywhere. He sighs and looks at Dean again. “I need to get home. Have a good night.”
Cas stood right in front of him, just a few polite feet away and Dean’s entire body hummed with the effort it took to stay still and keep his hands to himself.
Dean shoves their shoulders together. “Just wait until Christmas when I get her the matching boots.”
"So it was Sam?" Dean starts to shake even as he vows to strangle his brother should he ever make it out of this conversation with Cas. "He swore he wasn't going to say anything.
So he grabbed another beer.
Cas wanted to go. He wanted to see all of them and find out how their lives had changed this last year.
“What?” Cas almost shrieks.
Callie slows down enough so they’re side by side and looks up at Dean. “You’ve known him for a long time, haven’t you?”
It seems to do the trick because Deanna perks up and makes a face. “Ugh, I need to shower before dinner then. I must smell like a lumberjack.” She sniffs at herself and wrinkles her nose. “Oh god, maybe even worse.”
He thinks about summer again, summer scents, summer tastes.
The panic rushes in without mercy, paralyzing Cas for what could be several crucial moments if he’s going to defend his home and family. He knows he needs to go grab something better than child-safe scissors and he should probably call someone. Yes, like the cops or his parents or his-
“Well, you’re not Chef Dean here. You’re Dean, my friend and guest,” Cas says, snatching a plate from Dean’s hand. “And I will do the dishes.”
Cas nods and takes a breath, ready to let it all implode. “I did it with my mind.”
“I’m pregnant,” Cas smiles.
“Now I want you to begin rolling your hips,” Donna says and Dean wants to curse. “Take it nice and slow, start small and work your way to bigger motions when you feel up to it.”
It takes Dean a minute to catch his drift and when he does his green eyes darken even as his jaw drops. “Who knew you had such a dirty mind this entire time.”
“Merry Christmas, Cas,” he whispers.
“I mean… Dean and I had a good life together. We were in love and it was wonderful and… and deep down I will always love him. But it wasn’t meant to last.”
They were a well-known family of witches, accepted by their community going back generations, and deeply proud of their heritage to the point of being obnoxious if you asked Cas. They tended to stay pretty tight-knit, flaunted their identities through their dark wardrobes and gaudy amounts of jewelry, inherited the same jobs and businesses: a tarot card shop downtown, a bookstore that hosted more tomes on the craft than any other subject, and the apothecary. And then there were those who found ways to make a living off their gift.
“It doesn’t matter, Cas.”
“Staying up till midnight on a school night,” Dean yawns as they wander back out in the living room. “Our students would be so disappointed.”
Dean looks at her seriously. “One of the greatest to ever live.”
“I’m so fucking glad I never have to come to another one of these again,” he grumbles before stealing Cas’s water bottle and guzzling half of it.
“Well, c’mon then. Since when do you turn down food?”
Callie still looks confused by his explanation. “Have you ever been in love?”
“Or Aaron?” Garth wonders.
Dean spun and lifted his beer in salute as his boss stomped toward him. “Hey there, Bobby.”
“And, hey,” he says, catching her before she runs off. “Maybe go hug your dad?”
Cas dampened a washcloth and wiped the surface clean.
Dean turned his gaze to the ceiling and Cas backed his way to the door. He placed his hand on the doorknob and was about to close it when a final thought threatened to suffocate him if he didn’t say it.
And maybe the greatest part of all this: Callie. Since getting his own space, Dean didn’t have to feel bad about inviting Cas and Callie over or letting the little girl spend the night. Just like this weekend. Callie was staying the weekend while Cas and Balthazar took care of Cas’s heat.
The scent of eggs and bacon tickled Dean’s nose. His stomach lurched. He groaned, long and miserable, into the pillow.
Just a heartbeat later there are warm arms locking around him and he instinctively buries his face in the familiar chest.
He takes particular joy in seeing the confusion on some of his cousins’ faces and the looks they slide him that clearly let him know he’s damn blessed Grandmother has passed on. He’s well aware.
“Cas,” he tries to warn.
“I’m going to miss you, too,” he whispers.
“Almost done cleaning up the bar, Chef.”
Dean could see Cas’s face blushing even in the dark. He turned his head away, directing his embarrassed gaze toward a painting on the wall. The gesture made Dean smile.
“Dude, we just went over this like four days ago. ‘Cas, I’m sorry for being a huge dick but I’m still massively in love with you and I would-’”
“Oh, I know exactly what they need-”
It makes Cas smile even as it makes him want to dip and run.
When she reaches the house, she gives a soft knock and lets herself in. “Hello?”
Dean growls and Cas shivers in response, his body leaning toward the alpha on instinct. He needs to be closer. Needs to touch, needs to taste.
Dean snorts. “Pretty big assumption.”
“Yeah, well, try sifting through hours of coding and grading half-assed Wordpress sites,” Charlie grumbled. “Why did I even become an informatics professor? I hated college. I hated taking these classes. Now, I run them. I’ve become the enemy. How twisted is that?”
Deanna looks at her. “No, like you still haven’t decided?”
“You know today when your zipper came down? And you thought you felt someone grabbing your butt?”
Dean gives Cas’s left nipple one final bite before kissing his way down his stomach, loving every inch that he can and then taking Cas’s cock into his mouth.
“Yeah, and you’re damn lucky to be!” Bobby barked. “You could have killed yourself, or someone else. I don’t know what’s bothering you and you won’t talk about it because you’re too damn stubborn but, goddammit, you’re going to get it figured out before you take one step back in here.”
The question pulls Dean’s attention and he looks at Brady who’s watching him closely. “Uh, yeah, I met Cas during my lunch break last week. Just grabbed a quick bite.”
Dean’s smile is as soft as his eyes as he says, “Hey, Cas,” and reaches for him.
Cas does frown now, looking at Dean like he’s lost his mind or grown a second a head. “What are you doing?”
Cas is leaving.
So he unclenches his fists, swallows the sickness down like bile, breaks out a smile.
There’s an audible gasp throughout the room.
“Is he your favorite?”
Balthazar probably took one look at Cas and was gone. Dean sure as hell had been back in college.
“What are you saying, Anna?”
Then Jess asked, “So, Cas, how go plans for India? Have you packed yet?”
Brady frowns. “What?”
Another tray claps down across from him and Cas waits until he finishes the paragraph he’s on to lower the book and greet his best friend.
“Why would you… why would you even volunteer to take care of him? You could have just left him at the bar. Or Ellen could have taken care of him.”
“All right. Bye, Uncle Dean.”
“I can’t,” Cas interrupted, his voice slightly louder than he intended. He took a breath. “I can’t, Sam. Your brother made it very clear that he… that he never wanted to see me again. And aside from what happened last night, I will… honor his wish.”
Dean shrinks back a little. “Explain what?”
There’s nothing to say to that, no apology strong enough or a plea that could change his mind.
“Can I come stay at your place for a few days? I don’t… I don’t think I should be alone.”
Now it smells like liquor and a nauseating mix of hormones and it’s decorated in little cartoon sperm cut-outs all over the walls.
“You really need to learn to relax every once in a while,” Dean says, his voice low. “Take better care of yourself. Or… let someone else do it.”
“Not by a long shot.”
(See the end of the chapter for
He sighs and refocuses his attention on the spreadsheets in front of him.
Cas’s head flew up, taken off guard.
Then he heard the front door close.
Dean laughed harder. “‘The Hobbit?’ Really?”
The way Cas is looking at him is careful, guarded. “I just got the impression that you didn’t like Balthazar.”
“What happens now?” Cas whispers.
Cas doesn’t bother to argue. Meg has always been bullheaded and impulsive but never reckless. “Okay. Call me when you’re home if you remember.”
Dean turned back to the stove. “No one who you knew who was also sober and who could stay the night with you to make sure you didn’t drown in your own puke.”
Dean perks at his little brother’s voice. It’s still weird seeing Sam here, in his home. But it’s good too. It’s been far too long and, while Dean wasn’t happy with the circumstances that had brought Sam here, it did his wolf a lot of good to have his little brother around. Sam had been by his side through his entire discharge process and when Dean entered his apartment for the first time in months it was the sweet scent of their childhood that welcomed him home.
Cas allows a small grin, overly pleased that Dean had been listening to all his blathering about Christmas the last few months. “It’s turning out better than I thought. I have an inflatable snowman to put in the front yard. I’m going to blow it up once I get back from the lab tonight.”
“Cassie, don’t make me start singing!”
Cas stopped humming.
Gabe glares at his sister and Dean leverages them both with a scowl.
There’s a trip in Dean’s heart just thinking about that night all those years ago. “It was when I got super sick during finals week.”
He was moving on.
“Please, Cas.” Dean’s voice was a whisper but loud with sincerity and pleading. “Jus one nigh’. Please.”
“Cas, I think you’re thinking about this a little too hard,” Charlie says weakly, looking a little ashen.
“Dean was originally an English surname.”
Together, they found a booth and fell into it. Jess giggled on her side, panting heavily. Cas was distantly processing what had just happened with Dean, but the entire exchange was already slipping away from him.
“Callie, love, just listen. Don’t you think it would be fun to try something fancy with your hair?” the alpha consoles. “Or just a little bit of makeup? Like a girl.”
“I can be sneaky,” Cas grumbled.
Something breaks in Dean’s chest. “Oh, sweetheart.” He wraps an arm around Callie and pulls her close. “He could never be angry with you. Your dad loves you more than anything.”
Cas stares down at the plant, a little weary, and Anna can feel his embarrassment even as he tries to recall that special moment. She senses him start to relax as the memory unfolds and a soft smile curves his lips.
Cas crosses his arms over his chest and leans against the counter, full on pouting. “They’re runes to represent certain aspects of a relationship.”
Cas purses his lips in consideration before nodding. “A fair compromise.”
Cas slides her way over to the radio and cuts the music. Deanna jerks mid-swing and turns around.
Deanna had made two goals that night and when they’d met up afterward, Deanna still in her uniform which was clinging to her everywhere it could and her eyes still bright with victory and adrenaline, she told Cas how she loved knowing Cas was there, part of the thunder. Cas has hardly missed a game since.
He returns to her paperwork a little slower than before. Takes his seat.
“I wouldn’t have drowned in my own puke.”
“I’ll watch a Youtube tutorial.”
They both look up at Charlie whose leaning back in her chair, arms crossed in front of her. Brady coughs and separates himself from Dean. “Sorry, Charlie. Well, you should probably get going. School is getting out soon.”
Dean starts scooping the fries out of the grease and drowns them in a mix of seasonings. “He’s good.” He watches Cas moving around the kitchen, catching his smile and it’s like the two of them just can’t stop smiling. “Really, really good. I can’t wait for the two of you to meet.”
Cas looks at him with such profound regret. “Dean, I’m so sorry. I had no idea.”
“Oh yeah, she’s been talking about her amazing prom date all week. Won’t tell anyone who the hell it is but it’s got her smiling all day long. Been playing love songs in the shed and everything.”
His dick.
“‘Course not.”
"Because I didn't think I could ever stand a chance," Dean finally admits. "You're like the perfect person, Cas. You're smart and funny and beautiful and you're so nice it's obnoxious sometimes. You have a great family and you deserve someone who can give you anything you could ever want. I'm not that person. I'm a mess on my best days. I mean, god, look at what I did to you with Callie. I could never make you as happy as you deserve to be. I felt lucky just being your friend and now we can't even be that because of how badly I've fucked everything up."
Cas lets his hand drift under Dean’s shirt, needing more of his warmth. “I nearly went mad yesterday, picturing you out there with Lisa. I thought… I thought about you going home with her and I couldn’t-” his breath hitches and he buries his face in Dean’s chest.
He catches a glimpse of his beer bottle and sighs. Everything is going to be okay.
At that moment a short blonde woman struts into the room, a bright smile on her face and dousing the room in the scents of vanilla and lavender.
“I’ll drink to that,” Charlie said, lifting her glass.
The third is in a hallway on the way to class. Dean doesn’t look alarmed this time, just mumbles a soft “excuse me” without meeting Cas’s eyes and hurrying in the opposite direction. Somehow it almost hurts worse than being ignored.
“There’s no one here but me, Dean, and I can promise I did not grope you.”
“So you wanna grab something to eat?” Dean asks.
The woman who opens the door when he knocks is looking rather frantic and the scent of sickness is heavy in the house. She leads him to the living room where it gets stronger until he sees a familiar dark head laid up on the couch, face pale and miserable.
He walks until he’s just arms length from Cas and when he speaks, his words are just for Cas’s ears. “Because I want you to be happy. Because I don’t want you to feel like you have to marry him to give Callie this ideal childhood with both of her parents.” Cas’s eyes spark with fury but Dean presses on. “You don’t need me or him or anyone else to give her a perfect life because she already has one with just you. You’re a great dad, Cas. And you deserve so much better than this. You both do.”
Deanna reels back. “I-I don’t- I just don’t want for all of your hard work to go to waste.”
He reaches the kitchen and starts a pot of coffee. He can hear Dean snoring in the living room and it makes him smile.
Dr. Mills’s eyebrows shoot up. “Really?” Cas nods, confused by her obvious shock. Dr. Mills reaches for Cas’s chart. “Well, your body suggests otherwise. You’re producing all the hormones of a mated omega according to your last blood test.”
“No, thank you.”
The front lights go out and Dean is left alone in the kitchen, his sanctuary of stainless steel and soft buzzing machinery. It smells sterile, just the slightest whiff of lemon to curl your nose and please your lips. The fluorescent lights hum above him as he slides onto a stool and pulls out the paperwork he needs to complete. It’s without a doubt his least favorite part of the job and he can’t say he missed it at all. But the rest of it, that he had missed dearly.
Guilt drenches Cas like a torrential downpour. “I’m sorry,” he whispers meekly knowing they’re inefficient but there aren’t any other words to offers
Cas tilts his head and peers up at him, confused. “What do you mean? You were the first person I called.”
“He’s fine. He’s just getting vaccinations for his vacation.”
Dean nods and finally forces himself to turn around. “Hey, Cas.”
Dean and Meg’s relationship can’t be described as anything but… challenging. She was in the same program as Cas in college so Dean had to grow accustomed to her being around but he never grew to like it, nor did she.
“Yes, actually,” Cas says, meeting Brady’s eyes. “I’ve been talking to Callie’s donor father.”
“Yeah, right, and I’m the starting quarterback for the Broncos.”
“Oh,” the groan is pulled out of him, low and guttural and Dean rolls his hips. His abdomen is tightening and the heat is damn near unbearable.
Dean can’t properly explain the ache in his gut when he opens the door but it suddenly feels like he swallowed something large and heavy. He thinks it has something to do with the soft glow Cas is letting off, the sort of tired yet satisfied droop in his eyes, the lazy lift of his smile. His scent is soft and relaxing. The picture of a content omega.
“I’m sure you’ll have a blast.”
The sound of something falling.
Cas completely zonked out around 6:00. Dean moved to the couch.
“She plays the harmonica, Cas, no way in hell.”
“Cas, it’s okay, man,” he assures his best friend yet again. “Really.”
“Are we…?”
She can’t help but watch him as they drive. Of all their friends, Benny is probably the closest male friend Deanna has. The most “special.” Cas had never saw reason to suspect an attraction between, but she supposed now it wouldn’t be ludicrous. They were both very attractive people with similar interests. They were both athletes, very family driven, and loved food that would either rot their teeth or land them in a diabetic coma.
“I will, don’t worry.”
“I’ve been known to produce a few every now and then,” Cas returned.
Dean looks up. “Like this?”
Dean pulls back. “Well, hey, good luck with work tomorrow. Text me next time you’re free and maybe we can go do something. Hit up some of the old spots.”
Cas rolls his eyes and dips out the door.
The girl eyes him with bold suspicion and Dean can’t help but be a little startled by the intensity of her green eyes. She’s got an adorable spattering of freckles across her nose and that soft milk and honey scent of all children, just slightly soured as she continues to size Dean up.
He’d made it out alive with a promise to bring Cas soon to introduce them.
Cas is not unused to Dean’s we’re gestures but he still finds himself tearing up as he slows down for the first time since his feet hit the ground and approaches his boyfriend.
“Dean?” Charlie asks. “You okay?”
The second half of the class is breathing exercises. Donna instructs everyone to scoot off of their chairs and push them back toward the walls so they have plenty of room.
They stand together and approach the desk. Dean hangs back a bit to let Cas handle it.
With a nod, Sam was gone.
He boxes Cas in against the counter, arms on either side of him, and Cas’s breath hitches. He looks up at Dean, cheeks red and lips parted. “Please,” he whispers.
Jess pouted. “Okay, but come right back!”
Every instinct in Cas’s body told him to run, but his brainwaves apparently weren’t on the same page as his nerves because Cas couldn’t move.
The next morning, Callie is like a changed person, all smiles and chatter. It must have been one of those twelve-hour bugs. She’s still pretty weak so Dean gets her set up in the living room where she can lay back and watch cartoons while he makes breakfast.
“What?”
Cas’s brow arches even higher. “Uh-huh, sure. Well, if you’re done bonding, I thought we could go grab dinner. My treat to thank you for getting Callie today.”
“Have you heard from Deanna?” she can’t help but ask.
Dean can hardly breathe through the rest of the night.
Bobby had an odd expression on his face while talking to Cas. It wasn’t unpleasant, so Cas didn’t know what to do with it. He just kept drinking and hugged the old man goodbye.
There was no response so Cas turned to leave.
“Will Dean be there?”
“Seeing you with her always makes me think of how much I miss you. Holding your hand. Kissing you. Just all of the little things I got to do with you. I was jealous but I was always able to keep it together because it’s my fault. But when you called her sweetheart, I...” he smiles, lost and shaky, and lifts his hands in defeat. “I just couldn’t hold it in because... because that was always
Cas swallows roughly and puts his spoon down. “Oh, yeah, I, uh, I have some… news.”
There’s not enough willpower in the world to keep that one from landing like a punch. “Hot date?” Cas asks says, her voice cracking.
But all of Dean’s worry melted into irritation when he rounded the corner into the kitchen and saw the back of a tall man with shoulder-length brown hair at the stove.
Dean nods and nuzzles his neck. “Yeah. I’ve wanted you so long, Cas. I just… didn’t realize.”
“Serenity,” Cas responds. “I like the peacefulness of our friendship and I don’t want that to change even if the nature of our relationship does.”
“Hey, that’s mine!”
“And you deserve that,” Dean assures him.
Dean shifts uncomfortably, feeling all the eyes on the room on him. “When I was in there I… I accidentally dropped the donor sperm. Down the sink.”
Cas hums. He knew the risk of being ditched was high when he invited Meg to accompany him to the dance as a friend. Well, really when Meg made him ask her because, as she had reminded him so kindly,
“Oh, hey, cut the tension, pregnant lady coming through!” Charlie chirped as she and Dorothy joined their table.
“I broke up with him,” Cas explains. “A long time ago.”
“Awww, why not? You deserve to be happy, Cas! You deserve to be loved! I’m going to find you somebody! You just wait!”
His coping mechanism was to just keep himself busy. Growing up that had meant cleaning profusely, which probably explained his obsession with cleanliness as an adult. But when he was at work that meant reading and even re-reading student papers.
“Is everything okay?” Dorothy asked.
“Castiel?” his sister’s voice carries to him, sharp with concern. The footsteps get faster. “Cas, what’s wrong?”
“Yes, Chef,” Benny responds without looking up from the prep counter where he’s elbow deep in a mound of dough.
“Hey, angel,” he greets with a wide grin.
“I’m not nervous!” Dean hissed.
And of course there was the sublime joy of seeing Anna and Gabe in the gaudy Christmas sweaters and reindeer antlers that had been added to the deal once he’d learned that spell they’d given him wasn’t so much a spell as much as a dirty trick to “get two idiots to pull their heads out of their asses” as Gabe so kindly put it.
“Let me just say bye to Callie and Cas.”
Cas frowns. “Any what?”
And with a cup… of sperm.
“Are you sure this is—” he tried.
Cas sighs. “Deanna, there are only like three queer women at our school and two of them are dating each other. I would never want to go with a boy and no straight girl is going to ask to even go as friends because they don’t want people to start talking or assuming things.”
“I’m confused,” Dean admits slowly.
It makes him smile.
“I’m fine, Cas,” Deanna repeats and drinks her water.
Dean’s eyes bugged and he couldn’t help looking down at his crotch. Charlie threw her head back and laughed, drawing attention from the people around them. “Dammit, Charlie,” Dean cursed. “How did you even-?”
Dean had relinquished the toy a while ago but now Cas offers it to him, smiling brightly and moving closer. “We can share if you want?”
Cas laughed and shook his head. “It was a bad hiding place,” he finally admitted.
“Sure, Jan.”
Dean gestured down at himself. “Cas, come on, that looked like someone was purposefully unzipping my jacket. And earlier, I told you it felt like someone grabbed my ass.”
“But aren’t you… I thought you-”
“You should probably get back,” Cas says.
“Mmmhmm. Get out of here. Go home and get yourself somethin’ to eat.”
Cas laughs and pulls away, taking the plate of pancakes with him. Before he gets too far he looks back at Dean and then picks at his shirt. “Are you wearing my clothes?”
“Hey!” Deanna cries, sounding deeply offended.
Next, Cas explored the bathroom. He could see the spots where water droplets had been left to dry on the counter. Dean had never been one to wipe it down after washing his face or brushing his teeth. Another tolerable bad habit.
He was found on the floor with his pants undone.
“Look… I know that with everything that happened with you and Dean… I get it if it’s weird but I… I could still use a friend.”
And like that, the spell was broken. Cas jolted to attention and looked over Dean’s shoulder and a real smile lit up his face.
Cas can’t respond to that, her throat closing up as she just takes in the words and lets her body expand with them. It’s like blacking out for a moment and when she comes to her eyes are burning.
“That’s not good enough, Dean,” Cas seethed. “I want to know why. I deserve to know what ruined my life.”
“Mistletoe, mistletoe, mistletoe!” someone shouts.
“I couldn’t find you,” he shrugs.
“With… your mind,” Dean finishes his thought aloud.
“Well, Claire Novak, have you been a good girl this year?”
“I didn’t almost die, Sam. The pulley probably would have stopped short, anyway.”
“You okay, buddy?”
Dean rolls his eyes. “Look, kid, if you’re gonna be a real outlaw, you’re gonna have to learn to break a few rules.” He puts the box in her lap. “Open it.”
Dean buckled himself into the driver’s seat. He looked over at Cas with his head resting against the window, his chest moving with gentle breaths, face peaceful and lost to the world.
Dean may be a self-loathing bastard but even he didn’t hate himself enough to go celebrate the love of his life getting engaged to someone else. The clock ticks into another hour and guilt bubbles low in his stomach. Well, he at least hopes he doesn’t.
Sam laughed. “Good job, Gabe. Thanks.”
“I could do that forever,” Cas breathes against his lips because he didn’t go far. Hopefully never will.
“So maybe not Gabriel,” Cas continues when Dean drops into the driver’s seat. “But Michael is plenty responsible and would be a great role model.”
Eventually they spot Cas and Balthazar and head over. As they get closer Dean can see Cas and Balthazar are engrossed in what looks like a rather heated conversation so he starts to back off. But then Cas looks up and catches him and for a moment he almost looks relieved. But then it’s gone and he’s smiling pleasantly and gesturing Dean and Brady forward.
He practically runs out of the house and sucks in a few deep breaths. The sun is long gone and the air is cool and he lets it bite at his skin for a minute before pulling on his jacket and starting to walk.
Dean moves away then and Cas cries out, hands reaching for him. Dean smiles and situates himself against the headboard before pulling Cas into his lap. Cas looks confused for the barest of seconds before realization hits and his eyes light up like blue fire.
About halfway through, Cas had to excuse himself to the restroom. He splashed his face with cold water and stood with his head bowed for a long moment, trying to compose himself.
“Okay!” he hears Charlie shout from the next room. “Put that away and then everyone get ready for some Trivial Pursuit!”
Cas stills.
Dean takes his cock all the way again, ignoring Cas’s pleas and he hears the growl of frustration that quickly becomes short little breaths as he gets closer.
“Dude! Stop yelling!” Dean barked, one hand pressed to the side of his head. “Hangover!”
Now, Dean snorts. “Definitely sounds like your dad.”
“But friends tell friends when friends make them cum five times,” Jo says and sounds genuinely outraged at having been kept from this information. Right before falling into another fit of laughter.
“Um, I’m Cas’s friend. Dean.”
Callie frowns. “What’s the difference?”
“You’re going to have a baby.” The words come out in a whisper.
“It feels like the best move for me,” Cas says. “I’ve always known that I wanted kids but I haven’t found a mate I’ve wanted to have them with.”
There’s a brief silence where Dean fusses over dinner and he’s not sure what Cas is doing but Dean can feel his eyes on him. He doesn’t know why and isn’t sure what to say so he just focuses on the food.
“Okay.”
The anger in Cas’s eyes dissipates enough to make room for concern and he touches Dean’s hand. “Are you okay?”
Bobby looks to Cas and delivers the news, “Idgit went and got himself pneumonia.”
Cas’s laugh is warm air against Dean’s chin. He doesn’t respond and the silence is not awkward or anxious. It feels just as precious as their first kiss, in fact, just as right and comfortable. There’s a permission in that moment, to study one another and to learn through touch and taste.
Dean has watched him try to find a mate since they met in college and he’s watched as Cas gave his whole self to each relationship only to have them fade, implode, or crumble between his fingers. He’s also been there to help Cas through the aftermath, to collect the pieces of himself and eventually find hope in someone else, all the while wishing —
“And I-I replaced it… with… my own.”
Realization brightens Cas’s eyes before the shock sets in. “I thought you were just drunk!” Cas exclaims. “And I didn’t want to kiss you while you were intoxicated. Wait, you mean you bought those concert tickets as a date?” Something close to horror crosses Cas’s face. “Oh god, and I took-”
It’s funny how the happiest news in your life can bring you to your lowest moment.
“Hey, Cas?”
Sam coughed. “I’m gonna go clean up the bedroom. You know how Cas likes to run a clean ship.”
“I don’t know. It’s just the way the world works.”
They don’t rush it, just rock into each other like it’s the most natural thing in the world. Dean lifts his hips into ever roll of Cas’s, his hands firmly planted on Cas’s waist while Cas grips his shoulders for balance.
“No.”
There’s a dark smoky chuckle before a voice rumbles, “Hello, Dean.”
“Oh my god, Dean!” Sam tried to help him back to his side. Dean’s eyes were cloudy and unfocused as he looked at Sam’s face. “Are you okay? Hold on, I’m calling an ambulance.” Sam pulled his phone out of his pocket only to have Dean slap it away.
Cas tries to drown it out and go about her day.
Their food arrived and the three of them dug in.
“He forgot it at lunch yesterday.”
“Oh, guys you didn’t have to get me anything,” Sam said as he put his beer down. “I just had a birthday.”
Hello friends. Watch out for some smut at the end of this chapter. There will be a short epilogue after this and then this story will be complete. Please enjoy!
It was just… at the classes. Cas couldn’t help but notice the way the omegas would scent their alphas and the way it would practically turn their bones to pudding, these blissful smiles breaking over their faces as they continued their poses. There had been a few times he’d instinctively tried with Dean when there was an exercise that required them to be close together and he could feel the alpha’s warmth. But there was nothing there. It was like Dean didn’t exist. And it drove Cas mad.
“What’s your name?” Dean asks.
Cas just smiles and it’s so soft but makes Dean flood with warmth.
“Story of my life,” Dean grumbled.
“You pee your pants, Dean-o?” a cheery voice startles him and Dean looks up to find Gabriel Novak’s gaze trained on his crotch, a small grin on his lips as he looks up. “Or you just happy to see me?”
He doesn’t know how long they kiss, doesn’t really care either. When they separate, Cas’s hands are on his chest, fisted into his shirt as if to keep Dean exactly where he is, keep him from running.
Cas just glares harder but lowers his volume when he repeats, “Why the hell didn’t you tell me you were going to be here? You said you couldn’t come home until March. What the fuck, Dean?”
Now, he was just… broken.
All the blood drains from Dean's face. "He didn't?"
“Baby, are you okay?” he asks rushing to the living room and slapping his hand over Dean’s forehead.
Dean slides to the floor with the empty cup. Empty. No future children. The children that Cas wants to have more than anything in the world. It’s gone and Dean fucking did it.
Cas’s donor sperm from another alpha. That he used to get pregnant. With Callie. Who looked an awful lot like Dean.
Cas hummed to the music as he dried his face and hands. He couldn’t remember how long it had been since he’d had this much fun. Over a year ago. It was sad. He smiled to himself. He had missed this dearly.
“Look, I come in here to save you and I end up getting in trouble,” Charlie grumbled as she got to her feet. “Come on, Winchester.”
Cas just gives an airy shrugs. “I’m an English teacher, Dean. What did you expect?”
Castiel jumped to attention. Dozens of eyes blinked at him in confusion. He cleared his throat. “Ugh, yes?”
“All right. See you tomorrow!”
“Umm, I’m actually going to India.”
She can see the worry in Sam’s hazel eyes as he moves closer. “We think her date dumped her. She was super upset last night but after this morning, we were all a little scared to ask questions. So Mom and Dad agreed to let her skip. Mental health day, I think.”
“I’ll get them,” Dean says, holding a hand out to stop Cas. “Just let me change first. Can you watch the pot?”
Cas had gotten ready as quiet as possible. He was drinking a much-needed cup of coffee when Sam knocked on the door. The giant man’s eyes had been so sad and pitiful when Cas let him inside. Cas had lost track of the number of times Sam apologized.
“I can’t believe you brought me here.”
“How can you seriously still be in denial after that?” Gabe demands. “You just flipped a spoon!”
“I could say the same to you, sweetheart,” Deanna says, and Cas looks up to see Deanna studying her in the same appreciative fashion.
Cas doesn’t look impressed. “We were in here for ten minutes. What’s going on, Dean?” His face softens and takes a step closer. “Did something happen? You haven’t responded to any of my messages today. I was afraid you weren’t even going to come.”
“I wager we’ll be havin’ dinner just soon as that bread in der gits done, partner.”
They move to the dance floor and it feels perfectly natural for Cas to take Deanna into her arms and sway. They hug, they kiss, they whisper, and they laugh, and everything around them falls away until it feels like it’s just the two of them dancing in the center of the universe.
Cas snorts and fetches his rolling pin from the pantry. “Doesn’t my entire existence thus far prove that?”
“Dean! What the hell?”
Now Dean starts to fidget. “What’s wrong?”
He doesn’t get far though when he feels a hand slide into his and pull him to a stop. When he looks back, Dean is staring directly at him, eyes smiling.
When they arrive home, Cas still isn’t speaking but he also doesn’t move to get out. Dean wants to ask if he’s okay, if Dean did something wrong. But truthfully, he’s too scared to know the answer.
Horrified, Cas wiped at his mouth and Dean just laughed more. Cas shot him a glare but the light in Dean’s eyes and seeing his laugh lines made him smile instead. “Shut up.”
Dr. Mills chuckles knowingly, sliding her hands into the pockets of her coat. “I see. You’re not the first omega to have this problem — though I’d say most wish their problem was their alpha being too careful.”
“Yeah!” Dean cheers because he can’t not. “The Chicago History Museum offered him a job and he took it. They’re moving in a month.”
“No problem. I’m on my way out now. I’ll call as soon as I have her home.”
“I know,” Dean whispers. “I’m sorry things have gotten so crazy.”
Sam contemplated. “I just… I don’t think Cas would like it.”
Cas shrugs. “Callie found it interesting.”
“Cas,” Dean says and he sounds like he’s choking.
“Oh fuck it,” she says under her breath.
But that’s all he could think about.
“Who, Brady? He’s great. He’s been busy with the mayor’s office lately.”
She didn’t need to know that Cas had had his eye in a date. The perfect date, really. Someone he’s known since he was five. But someone he also couldn’t have because, well...
“Okay,” Dean said, setting the plate of pancakes down in a safe place. “Okay, I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Cas.”
Their second kiss is somehow more intense than the first, Cas throwing everything he has into it. After years of dreaming and fantasizing, he finally gets to
Cas moved closer, one slow step at a time, eyes never leaving Dean’s for a second. His hand reached out, rising to cup Dean’s jaw and he just seemed to stare deeper into Dean’s eyes, finding something he never thought he’d see again. “You’re here,” he said again.
She nods excitedly. “Yes, Santa! I’ve been very good, you can even ask my uncle!” She points at Cas who feels like a deer in headlights. “Tell him, Uncle Cas!”
When they finally separate, it’s disorienting, like they’ve forgotten how to function without the other and Cas loves it, loves the dizziness and giddiness he feels and knowing that only Dean can make him feel that way. Loves knowing that only he can give that feeling to Dean.
“What do you—?”
*****
“I can’t wait.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says suddenly and Dean looks up from where he’s pan-frying the burgers, a brow arched in question. “For letting our friendship dissolve. Not trying harder to stay in contact.” His voice becomes softer, more solemn as he speaks. Dean can pick up the scents of regret and guilt under the flavors of dinner and it makes him stop, turn to his friend.
“She isn’t here yet?” Gilda asks.
Dean’s hands slide into Cas’s and ever so carefully, he lowers Cas into the funny chair and then drops into his own with a smile.
Brady’s frown was still for a moment before something akin to recognition lit his eyes, though it was dull. “Oh. Right. Well, that’s great news.”
He knows he’s probably asked that question too many times because Cas rolls his eyes. “I’m fine, Dean. Just because I’m pregnant with a baby doesn’t mean that I become one, you know. And I’ve done this before.”
“Cassie.” A gentle hand touched his and forced the menu down.
He ends up on the dance floor a few times, a different body rubbing against his with each song it seems, and he doesn’t get their names. There are kisses, some groping, and a lot of different scents and flavors on his tongue. His body feels loose and his mind fuzzy just the way he wanted.
“Still don’t see where the pants come in,” Gabe says.
“Where is Lisa?”
“Oh, whatcha got cookin’ tonight, Dexter?”
Dean bit his lip.
Charlie clapped her hands. “Okay, well I think it’s time for another round. How about a shot? Except for you babe,” Charlie said with a wink at Dorothy. “Hey, Mr. Sobriety, you wanna help?”
“You know, I used to be so mad at you. I was devastated when you broke up with me, never wanted to see you again. And when I would see you around I was so fucking angry because you always looked like you were fine.” Dean shrugs. “Like I never even mattered.”
They’ve been fooling around on the couch for more than ten minutes. It had taken some advanced planning but the two had finally managed to schedule a date night, just the two of them. Dean pulled some strings to get them into one of the rooftop bars downtown. It was almost too chilly to be eating outside but the place was warmed with fire pits and lamps so it had been pretty comfortable.
Dean returns a few minutes later, breathing heavy and labored as he drags the tree inside. “You couldn’t have gone with one a little more stairs-friendly?” he says gruffly.
Cas waded through the crowd toward the bathroom. He broke through the door and took what felt like his first breath of air in hours. He relieved himself with a great sigh, then went to wash his hands. He splashed his face with cold water, hoping it would jolt him from the drunken stupor he was falling into. It didn’t help much.
Dean looked utterly broken as he stared at the man who had so often been a father to him. He didn’t know if he was more mad at Bobby or at himself for disappointing Bobby. “Bobby… C’mon, you know me. I-I—”
He began performing CPR. Dean’s body bounced pliantly with each compression. Sam bent to breathe air into his brother, then went back to compressions. “Come on, Dean,” he grunted. “Wake. Up. Wake. Up.”
And he couldn’t hold it back.
Cas still isn’t speaking and Dean is feeling sicker and sicker by the second. It’s time to end this and pretend this night never happened.
Cas is bent over a mixing bowl just then, feeding something that smells like lavender into the bowl. He looks up at his siblings and gestures for them to wait.
“You’re already in the file,” is the only explanation he gets from the receptionist before she makes a call for Calliope Novak.
“Jesus Christ, Cas!” Deanna gasps and releases her hand.
Dean’s breath hitches. “Really?”
“I can’t believe you’re here!” she shouted over the music after releasing him. “Sam said he invited you but I didn’t think you would show! God, it’s so good to see you!” She hugged him again.
do I fix this?”
Dean tries to look offended. “Why do I get the feeling you’re trying to call me old?”
*****
Cas’s breath draws short, shaking out of him, and his pupils have devoured the blue of his irises. “Dean,” he breathes and Dean knows, nods his head before baring his throat.
“My kid? She gets all of that from you,” Cas challenges.
Cas giggled and squeezed her hand. “Okay, Jess. I’ll wait.”
“Yeah, okay, promzilla,” she mumbles and reaches for her water bottle
No, no, no, no, no. It couldn’t be.
Dean nods his head as he listens. “You must miss her a lot.”
Deanna looks at the hammer in her hands and slowly puts it down. “I’m fine,” she says and fiddles with her water bottle.
Dean reels, the words conjuring all kinds of horrifying scenarios in his head. “I did
*****
They gravitate toward two open seats. They’re not your typical chairs, long backs but no legs, putting them flat on the ground. Dean glances around at the other patrons, already in their seats, legs crossed in front of them.
“They’re for Dean,” Anna explains.
Deanna seems to be lingering around more than usual, popping up at times Cas isn’t used to seeing her. And she has this soft smile and there are gentle touches and special gazes and it’s completely disorienting and more than wonderful.
Getting to Callie’s school is a bit of a nightmare because it’s in the midst of downtown, some preppy private school Brady had helped Cas apply for. It’s a far cry from the public school Dean had attended as a kid but he supposes this is what’s best for the kids these days. Elitism and impractical expectations.
Of course he wouldn’t have. Cas didn’t have to settle for anything. He always got exactly what he wanted.
“But your face—”
It began with a kiss, just the light touch of lips that bloomed into the slow roll of tongues and gentle nips as their bodies closed the space between them on the king-size bed. Clothes were lost, bodies as bare as the emotions they were trying to express without words.
Cas has to know that. He deserves the best partner, the best dates, the best kind of love story.
The words echo through Dean’s mind all the way to the train and just seem to swell until he can’t even be irritated by the off-beat drumming and suspicious smells during the 30-minute commute home.
“Nope.”
The sounds of gunfire blast from the television following by hooting and hollering and a stampede of horses rushing through town.
“Yes, Cas,” Brady tacks on, “I hope everything works out. Maybe the four of us can try a double date some time.”
“I’m sorry to call out of the blue, but I had a favor to ask.”
Then a new song came on and Balthazar pepped up. They were all several drinks gone at this point and speech was getting messy and bodies were loosening. “This song!” the Brit exclaimed. “Oh, I love this song! Cas, c’mon, we’re dancing!”
“So you wouldn’t. I’m proud of you, Dean.” Cas yawned. “I need to get home before this all starts to hit me.”
“Where is Cas, anyway?” he blurted after swallowing. He cursed himself.
Dean gives an awkward laugh, and looks back at Lisa. “Ugh, what Cas means is I’m busy Saturday afternoon. But I’m free that night.”
*****
“I’m sorry,” Dean says while he’s washing dishes, “about Brady. I don’t know why he was acting like that. I’ll talk to him.”
Dean holds his hand tightly and manages to wriggle away long enough to press a kiss to the corner of Cas’ s lips. “This might be the best Christmas yet.”
Dean blinks, chasing after Brady a few feet. “Wait, are you- are you breaking up with me?”
Sam leaned forward. “Dean isn’t okay.”
Dean moans into the kiss as Brady grinds in his lap. He runs his hands up and down the beta’s broad back, moving down to his ass. Brady bucks against him and nips at his bottom lip, shooting fire down Dean’s spine.
Right. Okay.
Cas feels his chest ache and the tears get heavier. “Dean...”
Cas seems to watch him go through his mental process and he smiles, small and careful. “He’s not the only one whose lucky.”
“I should be married,” Dean said, though it sounded more meant for himself. He turned his head to look at Sam. “I actually wanted to get married sooner, ya know? We originally planned the wedding for March, but Cas couldn’t take the time off to get married and go on a honeymoon while writing his dissertation. It was too much. He was going to get his degree and then a week later we were supposed to tie the knot. Spend the summer together, travelling the world as Mr. and Dr. Winchester,” Dean was talking with a note of dreaming in his voice. “Then we’d come back and Cas would start his job at the university, I’d go back to the shop. Get a house. We’d been looking. It was going to be perfect.” Dean turned his face to the ceiling again. “Instead, I dumped him twenty-one days before our wedding.”
“But I hurt you and I ruined everything.”
Dean shrugs his shoulders because he truly doesn’t know, can’t even tell how long he’s been here — could have been a few minutes, could have been hours.
Dean is going on about some smartass answer a sophomore gave him today, rolling his eyes so hard Cas almost fears they’ll get stuck permanently looking upward.
Callie nods her head in agreement. “I’ll check my schedule.”
“Your brother literally tried to do that a year ago.”
He laid some bills on the table as the other two had and stood, grabbing Sam’s forgotten jacket on the way out.
Several emotions flicker across Cas’s features all at once: confusion, disbelief, fear, worry. “Oh my god,” he finally whispers. “Are you- I know I already asked, but are you okay?”
Dean raises his own hand to his forehead. “I guess you could be right. I’ll take some medicine before bed and see how I feel in the morning. If I need to, I’ll just work in the office tomorrow.”
So when Dean starts to lean his head down, Cas tilts his up higher and meets him the middle for their first kiss. And in all the miracles Cas had seen throughout his life, there was no magic quite like kissing Dean Winchester.
The innocent question makes both men flinch. A thousand lies and a dozen ways to spin the truth come to mind but neither of them can seem to say the words.
“Dean!”
Cas gives a short laugh, unable to contain it, then schools his face.
“Yes, the sasquatch with a law degree now,” Balthazar said and leaned to shake Sam’s hand. “Congratulations.”
Castiel buried himself under dozens of religious studies theses, calming himself with familiar theories and using a red pen to take out his wrath on every grammatical mistake he could get his hands on.
“K-kiss?” Cas’s brain short circuits then.
Dean sits up when he feels Cas hit his knee. Cas is staring at the screen, his head tilted. “He’s good looking,” Cas says as he studies the profile. “Nice jaw, blue eyes. Originally from England. Says he’s a literature professor at Northwestern. That’s rather impressive. How is he medically?” Cas asks the doctor.
“Yeah, I know about lunch,” Dean said, rolling his eyes. “It’s fine, Sam. You guys were friends too. I get it.”
“Hey! Aren’t you forgetting something?” Brady’s voice calls after him.
It made him smile harder nonetheless. “Hey, Cas.”
Cas’s body goes completely rigid, an inferno burning through his body that he tries to douse with logic because there is absolutely no way those words just came from Dean Winchester’s mouth.
But Dean doesn’t know what to say. He feels a deep pit opening inside of him and his alpha cries at the loss of something still sitting right across from him.
“No,” Cas says and can’t believe Dean could even think such a thing.
“What the hell!”
“Okay,” Cas found himself saying. “Let’s get you to bed.”
If Dean could turn redder he would have right then as he remembers Anna’s gift. As it is, he can’t turn redder without risk of implosion, so he ducks his head instead. “How long have you known?” he whispers.
“And then you broke my heart,” Cas says coldly and matter-of-factly. “So I apologize if I didn’t feel comfortable confiding in you anymore, but that’s what happens when you blindside someone and crush them, Dean.”
The smile that curves Cas’s lips is extremely soft and almost wistful. “I know, Dean. Maybe make sure he knows that.”
Another few people arrive and Dean leans into the counter with a handful of pretzels, feeling heavier as he listens to his friends chat. He just hasn’t been able to shake this exhaustion and part of him longs to just be at home in his bed. He’s not sure if it’s the looming threat of finals or what that’s holding him back, but he knows for sure that this is one of the last times he’ll have to see all of his favorite people before they get their degrees and walk off in different directions. So he wouldn’t miss it for the world.
Both Dean and Cas blushed furiously.
“Cas,” he says again. “Please, sweetheart.”
He leans toward Cas. “She eats like you.”
Cas steps closer and rests his head on his shoulder. “You’re the best.”
“Sam’s.”
Charlie doesn’t look pleased to deliver the blow but she does it anyway. “You have to tell Cas.”
Cas almost pours the bag of flour he’s grabbing all over the floor. “You know I can’t cast, Anna.”
“It’s part of the spell. I figured you’d prefer something with love as well. You want to infuse your emotions with the energy of the mistletoe. So talk about the moment you first knew you were in love with Dean.”
Dean stares, trying to understand if Cas is lying or if Dean has really been that big of an idiot this entire time. “I used to ask you out all the time!” he finally shouts. “I-I-I asked you out to dinner like a month after we moved in together. I asked you out to see that band you like when they were in town! I tried to take you bowling! I invite you to the movies all the time but you always say no! I even tried to kiss you at that Halloween party last fall and you almost pushed me off the couch!” That was when Dean had finally given up. Message received loud and clear.
Lockers clatter open and close in the hallway and in just a few minutes, silence falls.
“I’m aware.”
Jess’s tone was level when she said, “May thirteenth.”
He slips into the teacher’s lounge and nearly sighs in relief as the gentle and familiar scent of clementines and honey washes over him. He heads to the fridge with a big smile. “Hey, Cas.”
“Yeah,” Dean says a little too quickly and he registers the way Cas kinda flinches. “Yeah, yeah, I’ll, uh, be there soon.”
“That was very sweet of you.”
“Hey, boss?”
They sneak up the stairs to get Dean cleaned up and changed into his soft Christmas pajamas. Then, Dean finishes wrapping the gifts — which look much neater than Cas’s — while Cas sets up the presents from Santa — a bike for Juniper and a monstrous Paw Patrol tower for Caydon.
Jess hadn’t let Cas forget about his promise to go out with them Friday night. And really, when Cas had agreed to go he had meant it. But as the day got closer, Cas found it harder to breathe.
“Love you too.”
“Why didn’t you wake me up?” Cas snaps, struggling to slide his shoes on.
Then the baby came. Calls started coming fewer and fewer between. They exchanged texts but even those started to become weekly check-ins, then monthly. And then it became your annual birthday and holiday wishes.
Dean frowns, sitting up a little. Why did that… sound familiar? Like if he really thought about it he could pick up little fractures, images that were too clear to be completely imaginary. Images of his hands in the sink trying to catch something, images of him on the floor struggling with the button of his pants. But that made no sense.
Cas blinks. “But they’re tulips. I ordered roses.”
His nerves were pulsing, getting faster and faster the higher he climbed, like every atom making up his body couldn’t wait to get to the door.
“Oh, c’mon, Bobby. I’ve been able to handle a twelve pack since I was fifteen. You know that. Hell, you helped me.”
The table hummed with silence for a moment. Something hit Dean’s shin and his head jerked up to meet Charlie’s angry glare. “Talk to him,” she hissed.
Cas rolls his eyes then angles his head. Dean nods and they slip away to the kitchen. Dean represses a whistle. He may not like the guy but Balthazar has a nice kitchen.
They reach Dean’s car and neither of them even hesitate when Dean opens the passenger door and Cas ducks inside.
“It’s for the spell.” Anna holds her hand out and accepts the mistletoe.
Dean grins so wide he feels his jaw pop and then laughs when he catches Cas’s shocked expression. “Really? I leave her with you for a couple hours and now she’s the little girl in True Grit?” he whispers as they follow Callie out of the saloon.
“And everything else he did?” Cas couldn’t control the crack that weakened his voice.
“Where…”
Because hanging right in front of his face is Cas’s ass.
Dean had to leave the table.
Dean nods. “Yeah, those things are kinda hard to forget.”
He was home.
Something shifts in Cas’s chest, like a new airway is opening up and he’s breathing right for the first time in years. “Dean?” Cas whispers.
Dean swallowed this time. “Yeah, Cas. I’ll always be here.”
But Dean just laughs and throws an arm around Cas’s shoulder. “We promise to be on our best behavior next week.”
“By taking me on a date without telling me?”
“Daddy, please!” Callie cries. “Please, don’t make him leave, Daddy, please!”
Dean blew air out of his nose. “You know what? You’re right. This is on me. And I apologize.”
Cas smirks. “And, what, give my blessing?”
He only got a few steps when he heard, “Ya nev’r asked me how I was doin’.”
Cas’s breath hitches and he looks down at his toes where Dean’s word have warmed his entire body. He feels like he’s tingling all over, body alight with excitement and longing and every feeling he’s ever kept repressed and secret.
“Castiel!” it came again. “Open the damn door!”
Cas finished his cracker and went back to bed.
Dean makes himself at home in Cas’s kitchen. It’s surprisingly spacious and Cas has most things put away save for a few boxes of miscellaneous baking utensils and the fridge is mostly depleted.
Monday was all about packing. He had all of his clothes for the trip shoved in his suitcase and kept all the toiletries he would need close together so he would be ready to go early Wednesday morning.
Blue eyes open to just slits. “Are you complaining, Mr. Winchester?”
“You know how to braid?”
He takes Cas down to the root once more and wriggles a finger below to circle Cas’s hole. Cas’s hips jerk up and then slam down, but Dean is careful. He uses his other arm to pin Cas to the bed as he continues to suck around his cock and rub at his hole which is practically gushing slick. Cas begins to shake.
The words fly out of Cas’s mouth before he can stop them. Lisa and Dean look at him, both seeming a little confused, but Cas doesn’t retract his words. He doesn’t want to.
Deanna fumes. “I’m not upset. It just-” She takes a deep breath and tries to calm herself. “It doesn’t matter. I’m not going.”
Balthazar’s eyebrows froze high on his forehead. “Really?”
Dean accepts the answer with a nod, trusting Cas’s word. “Okay ask me.”
“Twenty-eight is really pushing it, don’t you think?” Cas scowls. “Everyone else develops their gift by twelve.”
“Sorry.”
Dean blinked at the red-haired woman, his mind slow to pull her from his memory. “Anna?” he finally asked.
Dean doesn’t trust himself to speak just yet so he just nods.
“Doesn’t it?” Balthazar finally chimes in, accent heavy and proud. “I thought the crew did a fantastic job.”
"Do what?" Cas asks.
Dean throws his head back and laughs. “Carpe fucking diem.”
“Dean, I need you,” Cas says. “My body needs you.”
“Hey, have you seen, Deanna?” Charlie asks around bites of her pizza.
Dean stares at the floor helpless and feeling sicker with each name thrown out because this is all sorts of wrong, but he absolutely can’t let himself look up. If he does he knows exactly what he’ll see and he can’t-
But it’s college after all and they were bound to run into each other at some point.
Dean gulped. “Welcome.”
Sam shot Dean a dirty look. “There’s plenty to worry about, Dean. When’s the last time you showered?
Cas looks up at Dean, half expecting the man to look nervous or reluctant. But Dean just crawls into position, settling behind Cas, with his legs on either side.
Callie stares at him for a long, long moment and it’s so reminiscent of the eye contact her father is notorious for and it makes him smile even more. “More than Balthazar?”
Carefully he lifts Cas off of his lap. He doesn’t miss the excitement on Cas’s face as he settles back into the pillows while Dean climbs between his legs. Dean takes his time undressing Cas, pulling off his pajama bottoms and his underwear, then lifting his shirt over his head.
Their friends dissolve into hysterics and Cas bows his head, hiding his face, while Dean sits there horrified and sober in an instant.
Dean’s expression changed and his lips quirked into another grin. It was a grin Cas had once become bitter friends with, a grin he had grown used to because it was the best thing he was ever going to get. It was a grin with far too much effort and swelling with a hollow happiness that was like a slap to the face.
But Dean is already sliding his card into the folder. “This is fine,” he says and hands it back to the waiter.
Brady chuckles next to him. “This is far more elaborate than I expected.”
“To prom,” Cas clarifies. “You asked your prom date out?”
The restaurant isn’t a super fancy place but it’s a grade above the kind of dives Dean usually patrons. He hadn’t wanted something so fancy that he and Cas felt uncomfortable, but also not a place where a brawl was likely to break out at any moment.
“My treat.”
“When is he leaving?”
“Em?” Cas echoes with an arched brow. “Who approved that nickname?”
Dean is looking at him like he’s crazy and Cas supposed he kind of is. “Then back there...”
He feels Dean smile against his cheek.
Dean moves the mask away to insist, “It’s not that big of a de-”
“Wow. Cold and to the point. Another thing you clearly get from your dad.”
Dean turns in Cas’s hold and kisses his forehead. “It does now.”
Brady’s eyes slide to the side as if he’s trying to conjure a memory and a moment later something clicks. “Oh. The history guy, right?”
Cas fidgets. “That’s actually… the other thing I wanted to talk to you about today.”
“He stayed with me the entire night so he could walk me home. We didn’t leave until two in the morning. Dean fell asleep in one of the chairs. He was trying to read one of my chem books so he could quiz me on it and he fell asleep. And I just remember thinking, here’s this man sleeping in an old library chair with wet feet trying to read a boring old chemistry book and it’s all for me. Just me.” Cas shrugs. “And that was it. I think that’s the moment I admitted that I had been in love with Dean for a while.”
Cas dropped his hold. “It’s not a doll. It’s a figurine.”
“I ain’t tryin’ to punish you, Dean,” Bobby said, his tone softer. He clapped a comforting hand to Dean’s shoulder. “It might not seem like it, but I’m tryin’ to help you. You’re in a dark place right now- Stop lyin’ about it,” Bobby snapped when Dean opened his mouth. “It’s okay to be sad. But letting it eat away at you like this – it’s not healthy. So I don’t know what you need to do to fix it, but you gotta figure it out. And when you do, you can get back to work.”
“No, Dean!”
Cas doesn’t even have to look to know it’s Lisa, could recognize her pleasant tone anywhere. What does surprise him is Dean’s reaction because he practically bristles at his girlfriend’s voice. And he doesn’t look away.
Somehow Cas ends up on a stool and there’s a cup of coffee in his hands. “You seem... much more energetic,” Cas observes.
“Because you’re beautiful.”
“I got you, Cas. Here.”
“Then I hope they’re just awful because I would like to get home before it becomes an ice age again.” It was getting too late in the fall for these kinds of games and Cas could only carry so many blankets into the stadium.
“I’ve missed you so much,” she whispers.
After that night, Dean hadn’t slept in their bed for a week.
“Ah, that’s okay, Cas,” he says, reaching for the door. “It’s not too far. I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Cas’s brain was spinning with several answers and thousands of words he wanted to scream at Dean. He steeled himself and answered with a calm, “No.” A dull ache bloomed in Cas’s chest.
He tries not to be mesmerized by the pink tinge to Cas’s cheeks as his friend looks down at his lap. “I want you to know that you’re of course free to say no. It’s not your responsibility after all and I wouldn’t ask if it wasn’t important or-"
He tries to shake the feeling away and just leans into Dean. He can feel the alpha twitching and tilts his head back, brow arching curiously at the little grin he finds.
Cas laughs and throws an arm around Dean, drawing him into a kiss. “I think I got everything I could have possibly wanted for Christmas.”
Cas shrugs. “I don’t know, I just... I’m starting to think maybe this is what dating is like. Maybe I have just have too high standards or I’m being unrealistic.”
“I just hope it gets less awkward by Saturday,” Jess was saying as she finished with the groceries.
“So when are you going to do something about it?” Gabe asks.
Cas was almost through his stack when he got a call.
“At me?”
Dean smiles and waves his worry away. “‘Course. Just hot. Sorry I’m late but I was tracking down some parts. Figured if I could get them today I’d be able to get off early tomorrow.”
“It’s a serious mental illness,” Cas defended weakly.
Maybe this is why he has it. The fates knew Dean was falling in love and provided Cas with a way to stop it. A way to make Dean want him, to love him. Cas could finally have Dean the way he’s always wanted him… but Dean didn’t want the same thing.
“Bobby? This is Cas.”
But it was over. That’s what Cas had to hold onto now. He and Dean were over. It was resolved. They had parted on… cordial terms. They could move on.
“Who is
“Castiel,” Brady responds. There’s not much to it, not particularly friendly but also not directly hostile. “This place looks amazing.”
Dean sits across from her and opens this mouth but doesn’t know where to start. Charlie smells his discomfort and sits up a little, concern filtering through her own scent. “Dean? What’s wrong?”
Dean brings his hands back to Cas’s hips. “Okay, sweetheart. I’ll take care of you.”
Deanna brings their hands up and her fingers sweep gently across Cas’s cheeks and Cas registers the wetness.
Cas goes slowly but pliantly into his husband’s arms, face pressing into the crook of Dean’s neck like he belongs there. Because he does. More than anywhere else in the universe, he belongs right here.
“Please, Cas,” Dean begged, stepping forward to take Cas’s hand. The contact felt like a bolt of lighting shooting throughout Cas’s entire body. “Forty minutes. That’s all it will take. I swear. I just need to show you this before you leave.”
“Was it Gabriel?” Dean asks, trying to turn enough on the ladder so he can see behind him.
Cas just moves closer. “Look, I realize we have a lot to figure out, a lot to discuss. But I think we should save that for later and focus on right now.”
Cas just rolls his eyes and starts looking for his backpack. At a whistle, he turns to Dean who is holding it along with a thermos and some toast in a napkin. “There’s a granola bar and an apple in your bag too.”
“Um, what are you doing here?”
“You could have died, Dean! He at least deserves to know the truth of why he hasn’t heard from you in two months.”
Gabe throws his head back and laughs until he’s in tears.
“Why would we do that?”
Cas’s heart reaches out for her but she keeps her hands by her sides. Her friend looks shattered and Cas would kill the person who did this if she could. All she can do is try to mend some of the pieces and get her friend through the next few days.
Cas threw his mug of Sprite at Dean’s head.
Cas stayed to see Sam walk out and receive his law degree. They met up afterward so Cas could shake his hand and congratulate him, though between Dean and Jess, it was a miracle he managed to get the man alone for even two seconds.
And Cas is anything but an idiot.
Lemons and lavender?
Cas’s blush returns. “Oh, we-we’re not… we’re not mated yet.”
The footsteps get closer until he can hear someone fiddling with the door that connects the garage to the kitchen. They’re trying to break in. Something about that thought stirs Cas’s body into motion, but it’s like he tries to go in six difference directions at once, torn between going to fetch his phone, grab a better weapon, or run up the stairs to the kids.
“I, uh, I put myself on snack duty,” he replies and flinches when he feels the crushed pretzels in his fist. Cas notices and Dean’s immediate reaction is to unclench his hand and a few crumbs start to fall on the floor and flails for a moment, no idea what to do from here.
Cas’s smile is dazzling. “Ours,” he confirms. “Does that sound like a good plan to you?”
“All this time… I was stupid enough to trust you when you said you were just friends even though I knew deep down it was a lie. And you-you-” he stammers off, running a hand through his perfectly combed hair. “You brought them into our home. Paraded them right in front of me and just lied.”
Dean presses one more kiss to his forehead. “I’ll be back as soon as I can. C’mon, Charlie, I’ll walk you down.”
They spin toward Donna, spines going rigid like guilty children. Their teacher glides toward them, somehow looking threatening and kind at the same time.
“Yeah, Cas, totally. Okay, I’ll talk to you later. Have a good one.”
Regardless of how he wanted to feel, Cas’s heart swelled with concern for Dean. But he was still lost, even afraid, as to what Sam’s point was. “I don’t know what you want me to say.”
“We’re gonna regret that by New Years,” Dean says from behind him.
Her smile drops a few degrees. “Right. Some other time. Have a good night, Dean.”
Anna’s eyes frosted over. “You had a funny way of showing it.”
“Can you two stop being gross for like two seconds?” someone gripes from the doorway.
He’s gone in the morning before Cas wakes up. Cas sends a text to check on him before he goes into his first class of the day and Dean’s response says he’s feeling much better and that he’s picking up Thai for dinner because he’s working another double.
