He wouldn’t even make it to that beach.
“It’s just dangerous, that’s all,” Clint said. “And I didn’t want you throwing me out for offering it to him without at least telling you. Y’know, with the whole getting shot thing last month.”
Well, Tony didn’t know for sure if Bucky was okay with it, as he’d been too chicken to actually call the guy. But something was up, and he didn’t know what. Tony didn’t like not knowing things. It was largely inconvenient and very, very annoying to be out of the loop. Especially when it concerned Steve, who Tony still felt an absurd amount of protective instinct over.
Rhodey struggled for words. “No, that isn’t blood from you. It’s…it’s his blood.”
Rhodey swallowed. “Tony told you that the first portal went haywire. It did. We closed the portal, then created another one after some reevaluation. We decided to use the technology with the Infinity Stones to make sure our dimension was safe. Several stones were sent to far-off dimensions and lost. Then came the Accords, the war, and then Steve passed.”
Tony closed his eyes. “Steve…We tried to call you. I told them not air it. I’m going to sue them—I signed paperwork that said they wouldn’t reveal that unless we had confirmation that you knew.”
“Steve!” He heard a mottled scream, and then there were icy hands at his face, pulling him from the sight of that still-burning hand, those pudgy fingers curling, thinner and thinner.
“Anything I need to know?” Steve asked quietly, his eyes still glued to the ashes.
Steve looked up as Iron Man’s scans started appearing all over his desk surface, depicting a creature that resembled a crab, except it could fly an spit molten acid that could melt school buses. Iron Man’s AI program was scanning everything it could to try to locate weak points, but this creature was different than the ones that they’d faced before.
Tony would probably actually like it. Jackson too.  They would be impressed.
Blaine cracked his neck as he slipped into his rain jacket and Steve followed suit, though it took him a bit longer only using one arm.
“I bet you wish I didn’t exist, huh,” Tony murmured.
When they rounded the first corner on the way to the training room, Blaine came face-to-face with a pair of enemies.
“Currently? A little messy.”
“That doesn’t sound very believable,” Steve said. “I would just move right back in.”
“Weapons free,” Blaine said quietly.
“The party wasn’t anything,” Steve finally muttered.
“Steve,” Iron Man said, his voice a little softer. “Everything alright?”
“Were you just looking for us or did you have something to tell me?” Steve asked as he forked a healthy amount of chicken breast onto his plate.
“Who the fuck do you think we are?” Steve snarled back. “We’re saving you.”
Steve nodded once. “Ah, right. He mentioned that he’d talked to you about it first.”
Blaine lifted his rifle in one fluid motion and fired.
“Whenever they decide they need some positive PR, I guess,” Rhodey said with a shrug, pouring himself a glass of pineapple juice. He raised the carton and lifted a brow.
They co-owned Stark Industries now, and it was only a matter of time before Peter was married to Mary Jane and a new little Stark was on the way.
“Sure,” Steve said, looking right back down at his plate.
“Is…Is this because of me?” Steve asked. He knew it was childish, but he had to know.
“What do you think he said?” Steve snapped. “Go ahead. Bet you can’t guess.”
“Everything happened very quickly, Peter. He got upset because there was something wrong with my invitation, but he was totally fi—“
The Atlantic shimmered outside the window, through a screen of lush leaves from the oak tree in the back yard. A calming view, the only better one being that of the master bedroom.
Mary Jane laughed, her cheeks turning pink at what seemed to be an embarrassing memory.
Bucky returned it with a groggy grin of his own, and then he was gone from the window.
Because he knew what this meant the moment he saw Steve jogging barefoot with no shirt. He knew what it meant to see his shoulders hunched and tense, and Steve’s hair untouched by a comb. And why he was jogging the track this late—why he was even awake at all.
“If you’re trying to be threatening, you’re—”
Anyway, I’ve arranged for you to have $44.75 million put into your account, just like I promised I would. Please use it or donate it, or something. Don’t let it sit there to collect dust like you left me.
It took every ounce of willpower not to blow up at her in that moment. Tony let out a frustrated huff, hands balling to fists at his sides. This was supposed to be fixed. The past few months were supposed to have smoothed out all of the rough edges, to have made everything good again.
“What’s that mean?” Steve asked, nodding toward a series of scratches in the stock of the rifle.
Tony looked at him in a way Steve had never experienced. “You have two holes in your arm.”
“Mhm.” Tony pulled his phone out, and Steve immediately reached over to put a hand over it.
, he wanted to say.
Bucky grabbed his arm, pulling him back. Steve stumbled a bit, and for a moment it looked like their lips might just—
There was a heay pause before Bucky answered.
Instead, he picked the glass pieces out of the frame, and carefully moved to his feet, wincing slightly where the piece of ceramic was still wedged there.
“Oh, great,” Steve snorted. “Just leave me to see all the evidence alone, come to the conclusion myself because you don’t have the decency to tell me to my face.”
Damp, chilly air greeted him as he walked out of the store with his sculpture. Spring was coming, though in Malibu it would be beautiful this time of year.  Winter didn’t like to leave Maine.
Tony found himself thinking of Steve the moment he woke every morning. Steve’s name was in his mouth as though he’d just spoken it, and as he snapped to consciousness he always saw a flash of Steve’s face behind his eyelids. Even when he woke to Morgan thrashing in her crib, crying or screaming, he still thought first of Steve.
No man thought he was going to be one of them. Steve certainly didn’t.
At least the ceiling was the same as the one in the lab he knew. Steve hadn’t spent too long in the lab at the compound, but he’d slept there a few nights while Tony worked, soothed by the quiet noises of clicking tools.
Morgan pulled back, grabbing Steve’s glasses off the floor and offering them to him sheepishly. Steve smiled at her, saying something Tony couldn’t hear before he took the glasses and slipped them back on. He was wearing a navy sweater that made him look like the world’s hottest yacht club dad, but it was definitely Steve Rogers. He was way too beautiful not to be.
Steve gave her a smile in the same way fathers smiled when  their kid was acting like a complete dumbass. That all-knowing smile that said ‘sorry about him.’
Wait a minute—
Tony turned to him after the car was in park. “I’m marrying him, Steve. And when I marry him, I’m staying married. No divorce this time. I’m married forever.”
“I agree with Steve,” Tony said after a moment. “I don’t like the idea of staying in the city. Farmland is close enough, we can land and take up residence without anyone seeing if we use the cloaking tech on the quinjet.”
“Tony,” Steve found himself saying, his head dipping to a nod. His body knew better than his brain sometimes. “Good to see you.”
He knew Tony wasn’t there. He could feel it in his bones that he’d come home to an empty house.
Steve decided he wanted to know. He would respect Tony’s privacy if it came down to it, but he did want to know what had happened to the family in those pictures. If Tony wouldn’t tell him, he was sure someone on the team would. If he ever met them.
Steve nodded. “How come you didn’t give me this before?”
Tony thumbed the band again, and nanoparticles shot from it, quickly closing the wound. Steve shivered at the cold of the millions of tiny particles working in his wound, but he’d been healed this way before. Though he had to say this dimensions version was much less painful.
“I’ve got ID one-alpha-foxtrot-zero-zero-four-whiskey-mike,” Blaine said.
Tony’s heart jumped up his throat a little. “You told him you were coming back in a week, right?”
She lifted a brow. “Oh, so you two are texting again?”
“Just scary?”
“And do you know what comes from coca leaves, darling?”
“Sorry I’m late,” Tony said as he folded his sunglasses and placed them on the table. He pulled out the empty chair beside Steve. “They kept me there to talk about pricing. As if I care.”
The last woman was different. She was familiar, and Steve couldn’t figure out why. She had dark brown hair and a whimsical aura about her. Definitely some sort of artist. But Steve had no idea who she was. She was older, but not as old as Tony.
Steve frowned. “You sure you’re okay?”
Emory hesitated. Then he shook his head. “That’s it.”
Even so, he wanted to warn her. He wanted to protect this poor girl from the horrors that marriage could inflict upon two people. How one day she could love Peter with all her heart even at his worst, only to find herself a shell of a human being a few years later.
Tony raised his glass before bringing the glass to his lips and tipping it
Tony had said, his voice leathery and strange.
“Tony, can I please talk to you?”
“Because that’s his seat, Dad,” Peter said. “Your seat is up here.”
His radio crackled to life in his ear. “Copy that. What is your confirmation, over?”
“You’ll make it,” Steve whispered. “I know you will.”
“I don’t wanna fight with you anymore,” Steve whispered, leaning forward to press kisses to Tony’s forehead and alone his brow. “I love you so much, Tony.”
But he knew it wouldn’t do him any good. Peter would still hate him, and his granddaughter probably did too. Tony was dead and Captain America was gone. He was just a faceless, untraceable man with dying friends except for one, maybe two who would survive with him.
“I will miss you,” Steve said at last. “And I hope things are easier for you now.”
The door fell open, landing in the shallows with a massive splash that engulfed men running to shore on either side. A mine burst fifty feet away, and a man blew clean in half, his gun flying with a hand still attached.
“Out, Tony,” Steve said sharply. “Out.”
The boat was silent aside from the shuffling of boost as another wave rocked them hard. The Major scanned his men, never lingering too long on one or another. He was a good officer, a good leader.
It had been so long since he had been in Malibu. The place annoyed him to a fair degree—people who lived there were rich like Tony, but didn’t have the generous personality that Tony did. They were mean just to be mean.  That was why they had only really ever visited Malibu on vacation trips.
“Hm.” Steve was quiet for a moment, and Tony tried to imagine where he was. At home, probably. Back in that shitty little apartment that barely had enough room for a bed. Tony could just see him all sleepy-faced, sheets haphazard on his mattress, shoes neatly tucked at the foot like a good little Army boy. He was probably eyeing that coffeemaker, trying to decide if he should just start his day or try to sleep.
Steve snapped to attention, thinking perhaps he had been called out. All of a sudden, people were staring at him. Tony was staring at him. Jackson was uncomfortably looking away.
Oh fucking hell.
Tony smiled fondly, resting their foreheads together. “More than you know.” He leaned back again. “And I promise to never leave you alone on the tarmac again.”
“I’d really appreciate if you could quit talking about me and take this thing off my head,” came a snappy voice from Steve’s left. The soldier holding the girl jumped. Inexperienced.
“Money added to your bank account,” Emory said.
Maybe that wouldn’t have been so bad as the fact that Peter had acted like that was common knowledge. Like he had already told him when it had happened, as he had probably told Tony.
Peter blinked, his dark eyes flashing with momentary surprise. “Wha—no! No, Dad.”
risk her, Steve. If you left me, if the media caught wind and turned on me, game over. I didn’t want to hide it, I didn’t want to hurt you. But I had to do whatever I could to get her.”
There were four clicks before Emory responded. “Pinned. Street level in three, two…”
“Here, big guy.” Tony shucked off his blanket, and he had to do a little hop to make sure it got over Steve’s shoulders okay. Once it was nice and snug, Tony took Steve’s hand again, lacing their fingers together and squeezing tight. “You’re gonna be alright.”
“Uh, I’m working on it,” Steve offered, holding up his wine glass. By the bowl. And only about half of the alcohol was gone.
“Good evening, rich New York elite,” he greeted.
He lunged, and Steve brought up an arm to block the tackle. Blaine’s free arm hooked around his back, but his leg moved at the same time, ramming into Steve’s knee.
Tony snorted, clearly amused. “Yeah, there is. Hope you still like to cuddle, because it’s a full.”
There was no thought for others, not then.
He glanced behind him before reaching over to pick it up.  A quick flip of the helmet revealed it was no model. It was a real, working Iron Man helmet.
Tony turned his head away. “Off limits. I’m exercising conversational control over that one. Next.”
“You’re talking again,” Natasha said. “In Starkese that’s pretty much a miracle. Tony can really hold a grudge, and if he’s even talking to you after what happened? Pretty amazing.”
Even if Peter hadn’t called him in years. Even if they hadn’t seen each other face-to-face in almost five. Even if he didn’t know who his little boy was anymore.
“Rogers, always ruining all the fun,” Emory pouted.
“Something tells me that’s the idea,” Tony snapped. “You’re lucky Bucky knows where you are or I’d be heading a manhunt for you right about now.”
“Just talked to the brass,” Boone said. “They said you’ve gotten like eight phone calls these past two weeks.”
But he cleared his throat, and lifted his gaze to Peter, who was smiling at him but staring at him so intently that Steve wanted to excuse himself. Pepper smiled at him, Rhodey cocked a brow, and everyone else (except for Tony, who knew better) was getting misty-eyed, probably because they thought he was too emotional to say anything.
“I don’t know.”
Steve sat back, unsure. “What would it entail?”
The indented gold leafing on the letters was real gold, though Steve knew that he hadn’t even gotten one of the real invitations. He knew because Peter had used almost the same invitation as his and Tony’s wedding. Steve and Tony had decided to send their closest friends special invitations made with slate that had been coated with a micro-thin layer of vibranium.
“I was savin’ your life!” Steve retorted in a slurry voice.
Tony frowned. “I told you from the beginning that this was going to be a fake relationship. Of course it started out as a means to an end, but Steve, that’s not what I want now.”
“But Papa’s stopping all of that. You’re going to grow up smart and nice and happy with Daddy.” He leaned down, pressing his lips to Peter’s temple. A little sob escaped him unbidden, and for a moment he had to just sit still, his nose in Peter’s soft hair.
Tony rolled his eyes. “And he said
,” Steve replied with a wheezy kind of chuckle. “Tonight’s probably gonna be bad, but that’s why we’re here a day early. The shock’ll wear off by the rehearsal.”
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “I’m going to pretend you didn’t say that. You know that would never happen.”
“The IUD?”
“You’re just happy ‘cause you know I’m about to get up and make you some soup.”
That had been the beginning of Steve’s suspicions that Tony was hiding something from him. Someone.
Because he loved him. Because he would always love him.
He heard a door open and tensed, waiting for gunfire, but then he heard Sam’s voice and allowed himself to relax a little.
Steve looked out the screen door to Bucky’s little house, where the siding was covered in moss that crept down from the roof and the windows were always dark. During the day, at least. At night, there was only ever one or two lights, and never any movement.
“I mean my face,” Peter said, little fingers drumming on the toilet seat. “He hasn’t seen my face in a long time. I growed a lot.”
He woke up some nights and swore he could feel Blaine’s hand on his head, shoving him over.
“Because I know what it’s like when you love me,” Tony murmured. “And before you left, you loved me. But now I can’t tell. And I had to let myself come to the only logical conclusion.”
“I wasn’t—” Tony cut himself off. Let Steve think he’d come down here purposely if he wanted. “I wasn’t planning on discussing my problematic side while I was down here, but I can’t say I’m upset.”
“I promise I’m not going to hurt you,” Tony assured him. It held no weight with Steve. He glared at Tony as a pair of glasses were pulled from Tony’s pocket, identical to the pair he was currently wearing. He slipped them on Steve’s face.
The camera moved to Jackson, who was sitting beside Tony, rolling his eyes and shaking his head.
“I asked if you wanted a hug,” Tony said, and Steve was pretty sure the other man was blushing, but he didn’t dare look.
Tony didn’t text back, so Steve continued shaving, drawing the razor over his cheeks and jaw in practiced lines. He had always admired the men he’d seen in his youth, shaving with little bits of cream, looking at their reflections through puddles or windows. And during the war, through all of the carnage and bloodshed, men still made a habit of shaving. Without mirrors, they often just ended up helping each other out. Steve could still remember the time he’d nicked Bucky’s jaw, how red the blood has been.
“Didn’t you want to know why your husband didn’t want to be with you anymore? You never asked me. Didn’t you want to know?”
Nikolai stood at the door, staring at Steve with the gaze that said he was aware of the tension. Steve smiled, even though he knew Nikolai was a dog and smiling didn’t change anything.
Sometimes Steve wondered if his and Tony’s divorce had somehow helped Peter to discern what a good relationship was supposed to be like. Peter dealt with relationship problems so gently and with so much concern for Mary Jane that it made Steve feel like he had been a fool to ever think he and Tony were in love with each other. Peter was only nineteen and already displaying more maturity in his relationship than Steve ever had in his.
“Get in your ships.”
He inhaled deeply when he didn’t smell smog. And when he surfaced on the sidewalk, he was surrounded by more trees and greenery than he had ever seen in Manhattan. Steve stepped to the side, marveling at what appeared to be community gardens where had once been flowerbeds. The busy sidewalks were lined with grass, and all of the cars in the street were running silently, save one or two.
Steve breathed. He pretended.
“It’s gonna be fun,” Steve assured him. “Look at me a second.”
Steve gave Emory’s shoulder a pat and stood up before rushing over to where Maria sat with the bag still on her head, next to a soldier blowing a bubblegum bubble.
He wondered if Tony knew about his list of requests. He probably did.
But Steve was prepared for that move. As he fell, he prepared for the impact and used the momentum to fling Blaine over him before rolling back to his feet.
Instead of trying to persuade him otherwise, or even pretending to, Pepper let out a sigh of relief. “Thank god.”
It didn’t give him time to think about anything but the pain in his muscle and the burnt out brain between his ears.
Blaine shifted beside him, lifting his assault rifle and checking down the scope. Not that Steve could see Blaine’s eyes hidden behind the thick metal casing that covered his face.
Bucky shook his head and instead of replying, he just hooked his metal arm around the back of Steve’s neck and yanked him to his chest. Just like he did before the war. Before Steve had become some queer copy of the man Bucky had left behind in Austria.
His silencer muffled the noise, but the bullet was no less lethal as it hit his target.
Tony didn’t walk him out, and Steve didn’t expect him to. He made his way past the unfamiliar kitchen, through the unfamiliar hall, and back to the unfamiliar entryway. He glanced back at the last second—
He didn’t talk after that. He didn’t eat either.  He cut his food into pieces, pushed them around on his plate, and listened to Candice talk about how Peter had started coming over to her place on the weekends, and how they decided that Peter was going to make Mary Jane’s engagement ring.
The voice belonged to a young woman with red cat-eye glasses and so much of a hipster aura that Tony swore he could smell coffee grounds.
“I know you’ll hate me for this,” Steve continued shakily. “But I…”
Steve chuckled. “Sorry, Tony, I meant to say I’d love to spend more time with you.”
Steve tried to tell him that Peter needed help, tried to turn to show Tony, but Tony kept turning his head back, stopping from screaming only to shake his head, to whimper and sob.
Steve couldn’t school his face. “What?”
“We could figure it out if you don’t want to sign,” Tony offered, as he always did. “They can’t come after us now, nobody agrees with the government interfering. The only opposition that would hold any weight is the other superhumans.”
Tony blinked once, his focus vanishing in an instant. “Yes. Coming.”
“Are you admitting to poisoning us?” From what Tony recalled, the Aether had almost killed Thor’s ex-girlfriend. Hell, maybe Thor had poisoned her too.
“Wha—No, no. Peter couldn’t reach him either. We’re getting a little nervous.”
“Gonzalez,” Steve called as they exited the room and jogged down the hall to catch up with the rest of the team. “What do we have?”
Steve smiled. “Yes.” He was so warm. “That would be good.”
Bucky, who was back in England, fucking around with the Howlers in the city.
Steve looked back up, blinking a few times just to make sure he wasn’t seeing things. But sure enough, Peter was on TV, talking to a news anchor in the living room of Tony’s penthouse.
“Thanks,” Steve muttered, wiping his mouth. “ ‘M shaving it off tonight anyway.”
He was actually excited for this. It was the first time he was able to be present for a friend’s wedding.  He readjusted his hold on his falcon sculpture and found himself smiling. The sun was warm on his shoulders and there wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
Peter let out a little snort, frustrated by Tony’s silence. “And it’s true, you know. He always brings everything back to what he wants to do.”
“Anything feel broken?” he asked, not bothering to save face. It wasn’t like Tony wanted to notice anyway.
Steve stayed in the hallway for a few more minutes, blotting his eyes with his shirt and taking deep breaths. He kept his arms crossed, hoping that maybe Tony would just think he had been outside in the cold to explain his red eyes and nose.
Tony shifted in his spot, uneasy. He did not like that idea. Confrontation really wasn’t his thing in his personal life. He would rather things blow up in his face, yeah. He was pretty used to making things blow up in all aspects of life at this point.
He heard the elevator doors open and there was a sound of rushing feet, a soft
“Morgan’s sick,” Tony said quietly.
Steve screamed louder, as though it might stop his organs from failing, his lungs from collapsing, and his brain from boiling in his skull. Tony kept talking to him, screaming right back at him until Steve realized he wasn’t moving.
“Explain,” Steve said flatly.
“If you can’t answer, then you’re saying no.”
was fed up with Cap’s antics, and there are even conspiracy theories that Iron Man found out Steve was
to do drugs?”
Tony led him toward the living room and Steve felt hollow. His footsteps resounded in his ears with each step.
Tony shot Steve a look. “She doesn’t talk.”
“Would too. We used to do shit like that all the time. How many baseball games did we go to? I don’t even like baseball, but whenever you wanted to go, all the sudden I was the world’s biggest fan.”
A man stood by an open door, taking a smoke.
An uneasy sound left Steve’s throat that might have been a chuckle if not for the tightness of his chest.
“No,” Bucky murmured. “I haven’t seen him in two days. He stopped responding to my texts.”
Boone frowned. “Jesus, Rogers. You need to knock him down a few pegs.”
“You know what I mean.”
Then they were spit back into a world where they were supposed to be civilized, clean, and respectable. Abandon the routine, the order, the safety of regiments, rifles, and the raucous cries of slaughtered enemies.
Peter was standing below them, looking up with a fond little smile. If he was startled by Steve and Tony’s closeness, he didn’t show it.  His eyes were sad, though, and filled with guilt.
Mrs. Freeman didn’t seem concerned. “Let me show you her drawing.”
“No. No? Subconsciously, maybe. Commitment issues and all of that.” Tony shrugged. He gave Steve a once over. “How are you feeling, by the way?”
It felt like a betrayal to turn something that had once been so meaningful into an act, but Tony clearly didn’t care about anything they had before, so Steve assumed he wouldn’t care about that.
The anger on Tony’s face melted at the sight of Rhodey, replaced with a chipper grin.
“Even if Steve hated your guts he would pick up that phone and you know it. Quit being a brat and call him,” Tony snapped.
“In case you forgot, we aren’t part of the military,” Blaine said. “That means we don’t get their care. You’re a certified medic, dumbass. We didn’t train you just so you can use your skills if you have no other choice.”
“Come on,” Blaine said quietly, tapping him on the head.
“Shut up.”
Tony actually shrank back, looking at Steve like he’d just taken a swing. “You—what?”
Steve’s eyes flicked open and he stepped back. “I’ll get it down by the time we go on mission.”
Good god.
Morgan laughed as he scooped her up, her shiny black shoes gleaming as she kicked wildly, shrieking with delight.
Steve smiled down at Morgan, but it faded when he met eyes with him again. “Um. I started teaching here a few months ago. Needed something to pass the time between missions.”
“And Chile.”
“If you think about it, a lot of the things we used to ask each other are ridiculous to me,” Tony said with a little snort. “People are weird when they’re in love. Half the stuff we did together seems so silly to me now.”
Even his own son thought he was here to sabotage the wedding. His own son.
“Steve?” Bucky’s voice was sharper now.  “Stevie, you talk to me. Talk. What’s goin’ on? You in trouble?”
Blaine waited a beat while everyone readied up, and then opened the door.
Steve’s smile grew wider.
“I’m so happy you came,” Mary Jane said, pulling back and wiping her eyes with a finger. “Peter said you didn’t know if you were going to make it, but it means so much to me that you’re here.”
“Ouch! What the hell are you doing?” she hissed, struggling in the soldier’s hold.
The night terrors were supposed to be over. Steve had worked through them while they had been together. It had been one of their “things” in the beginning of their relationship. Tony would sit up at night whenever Steve woke terrified, gasping for air or fighting him off. Steve didn’t have the kind of terrors that were portrayed in the movies. His were always ugly, warped, and legitimately terrifying to experience as a partner.
With a sharp breath, he vaulted a boulder and found himself twenty feet in the air over a gully. His mind relished the challenge as he fell, and picked out a safe-looking spot to land and roll easily with a leafy forest floor as a cushion.
“Is it bad that I’m really tempted to make out with you in front of our son?” Tony laughed.
She threw him a glare. “Photographer turned reporter, actually. Maria Richards. Associated--“
“Don’t tell Steve, okay?”
Steve rounded the building, ducking into an adjacent alley to the secret entrance. He pressed his palm to a crack in a crumbling brick wall, but nothing happened. He tried again.
Steve laughed. “Both.”
Bucky shoved his hands in his pockets, taking a breath. “To him, it’s pressure. And when you put pressure on Steve, it generally doesn’t work out in your favor. Not in his personal life, anyway. He doesn’t do well with timelines.”
Tony had to love him still. Steve could not imagine a human being loving another the way Tony had loved him, only to have it suddenly go away. Not without something traumatic. Not for no reason other than ‘we don’t work’—yes, that had been Tony’s reasoning. Leaving Steve to flounder in the dark, his heart still full of love and affection that had to grow stagnant and bitter. Ferment into something that was once vivacious and life-giving into something he could get drunk off of in the dead of night when he needed warmth and morphine.
Pepper slid in front of him before Steve could even catch sight of Tony and Jackson.
“No way.” Ben’s eyes lit up. “I’ve always wanted to join an art class.”
Tony reached up, gently feeling Steve’s forehead for a fever. “You sure you’re feeling okay?”
Like he was a man who would get remarried after sixteen years.
A bitter taste slid down the back of Steve’s throat, and when it mixed with the affection in his chest, it created a cocktail of pain that could only be described as lukewarm. Just enough, but not enough.
Peter looked down the table for the first time that night.
The look that crossed Ben’s face was almost a grimace, but too polite to be considered one. “Ah, sorry, I don’t have my phone on me. I’ll look it up, though.”
Within ten minutes, he was watching Steve’s face again. The way the light danced off his lips, reflecting in the dull luster of his skin.
So Tony got Steve all to himself for the next few months, which was basically what was going to happen.
Steve wrenched his arm away. “Don’t touch me,” he growled. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
Natasha had things covered on base, and Vision pretty much covered anything she didn’t know.
And just like that, Tony’s chest pulled impossibly tight, constricted by his own malice. That was how it went now—he tried and tried to get Steve riled and it only ever ended with him feeling like a complete dick, rolling around in his own pit of feelings.
Tony had. Tony had moved on. His “love” had been weaker. Maybe Steve had been right all along, and Tony’s love had faded away. Only after divorce had Tony talked about loving him the whole time—and only when he was lonely.
Steve turned his head, looking back toward the ceiling. “Did you see?” he asked.
“No. Fuckin’. Way,” Bucky hissed.
The elevator opened on the far side of the room, and Steve hurried inside.
Surprisingly, it looked like a normal subway train. It was cleaner too, but had some dirt and grime. It rolled to a smooth stop, and Steve fell behind a young man who had been waiting nearby, slipping into the train car.
Blaine nodded toward the gate. “If this is it, take out the two on the right. If more are inside, we’ll have to cloak in.”
He frowned, a sigh passing his lips before he muttered to himself and began working again.
“Wood,” she said. She crouched to the floor, her little finger tracing the lines in one of the decorative planks creeping from the walls.
“Right, time to eat,” Steve said. He patted Nikolai’s head and hurried into the house.
No. He wasn’t going to do this.
Then he woke up, he felt a weight in him that hadn’t been there before. His body ached, and there was a tiredness in it that didn’t seem like it would go away anytime soon. His limbs felt heavy as he pushed himself up, and he noticed that the lab was darker, the lights dimmed.
A little smile curled at Not-Tony’s lips. “Trick question, Cap. He
But Steve was better now. He could handle it. With time, it would go away. Somehow, he would make it go away.
There was a little hiss, then his phone began to hover on its own, setting itself down on the side table. A small metal pill drone emerged from the base of the phone and zipped in front of him, ready for hands-free communication.
Tony stopped typing and pushed back his chair. The screens all fell away, except one that was still running through lines and lines of code.
“Peter, call Steve,” Tony said, a little more sternly. “I don’t want him finding out about this on the news and getting upset.”
The door swung open and Steve froze as he looked up to see who had entered.
It would do no good to tell him, as much as Steve liked to think it would. Telling people that his issues all stemmed from the family that thought he was a selfish, uninterested twat just made them say stupid things like ‘I’m sorry’ and feel bad. The last thing he needed was Blaine feeling bad for him.
Bucky shook his head a little. “Steve, don’t you—“
“You know, a lot of women would disagree with that statement.”
He briefly wondered if she was a mother. If she was even supposed to have been in this room or if she had just stepped in to say hi to the man Blaine had killed.
“You didn’t even check in. You never even asked if I was okay.”
“I can hear your frowning,” Steve murmured. “Don’t frown. You look very handsome.”
“I didn’t know about it until a few years ago,” Tony said out of the corner of his mouth as he smiled at Peter. “And it wasn’t exactly something I wanted to bring up during the rehearsal.”
Tony tapped the hologram in front of him to answer. “What, Peter?”
“Tell me.”
The waitress turned on her heel, rushing back over.
A bullshit excuse, but Steve didn’t have anything else. He would much rather spend the morning being lazy, relaxing on his comfy sectional that still smelled like the furniture store than having another screaming match with Tony.
Tony wasn’t finished. “And once I’m married, I’m not doing this shit anymore. I’m not coming by to see you—no more surprise visits or Christmas cards with handwritten notes or calling you for advice or anything.”
“Steve, you don’t have to justify anything to me,” Iron Man said. “He’s treated you like shit. He should at least be able to respond to a text.”
“It’s your choice,” the pastor said. “Extending grace when you’re put in the position to do so. Maybe it doesn’t seem fair—it isn’t fair! Grace isn’t fair. There are no ‘grace points’ you can cash in when you need them. If God only accepted ‘good people’ who had enough Goodness Points, sorry, but no one is getting in.”
Steve smiled almost sheepishly before shaking his head.  “Just thinking.”
And now Tony was a father. The kid was already here, a little girl named Morgan.
Steve felt Peter’s eyes on him, but didn’t look up from his plate. Coming to this dinner had been a bad idea. Peter didn’t want him there, and he was making sure to drag Steve through the shattered glass of their relationship as much as he could.
Pain crossed Tony’s face, but also fear. Steve had only seen that look a few times, when the danger seemed so insurmountable that they had no way out. Tony looked away, clearly summoning the courage to speak.
Yet Tony had chosen this in order to keep Steve safe from himself at the inevitable end of Tony’s mortal life. Vision had agreed that was wise when Tony first asked him to take away what was most dear to him.
“Because I share his pain.” She swirled her wine in its glass. “How terrible it must be to know that you will be the one to leave first. That there is no other way. To carry that weight each day, to build something so beautiful and know that you will be the one to destroy it. Would you not want to fall from the cornerstone rather than the peak?”
“Let’s go to bed,” Steve said after a moment. He realized after he said it that he hadn’t replied to Tony, but he was just that tired.
“One has an AK, the other…looks like an MK16,” Steve said. “Dog is leashed.”
“You ain’t actin’ right, Stevie.”
them before.
Steve fell asleep knowing full well that Tony was watching his face, searching for something there.
“Fucking hell,” Blaine growled.
Like he hadn’t practically raised their son as a single parent until he handed over those papers.
“Won’t let that happen,” Steve assured him.
“Approved.” He felt the word out on his tongue, fumbling through it like a toddler’s first word.
He should have waited to make his flight plans. He didn’t have the money to cancel.
“Okay.” Steve wasn’t going to push it. Bucky was just looking out for him, but he could handle himself. He could handle this news and watch his life fall apart.
“I don’t know how to tell you,” Tony blurted out. “I don’t—I have a kid, Steve. A daughter.”
Then, a memory he knew was his own:
The glass windows were the first mistake.
“Cool.”
Once again, Tony was having a hard time getting the image of Bucky taking care of a sick little Steve out of his head. Tony would never have that chance—Steve didn’t so much as have an off day. When he did, it was usually his fault anyway.
He gasped and the blackness that had shrouded his vision exploded into white.
He swore he could feel heat from Tony’s cheeks as he flushed. “Well. I didn’t see you pulling away when I kissed you just now.”
He had been missing Tony for months. Even right now, he missed him.
“She worked on it in my class,” Steve said. “Our theme was family.”
“I figured,” Tony replied. “He’s not one for attack dogs.” He folded his arms. “I’m going to keep texting him.”
Steve swallowed hard. “Maybe that’s why Peter shouldn’t stay here anymore,” he said in a quavering voice. “ ‘Cause it’s not good for him.”
“Stark!” Thor boomed, startling several of the children. He carefully untangled himself from the crowd of kids, except for Morgan, who raced up to Tony with a piece of construction paper in her hand.
A crack of thunder sent the battered ship trembling, and Steve flinched at the noise. He wanted to be home. He didn’t want to be here anymore. All of this needed to be digested on his own.
“Thank you,” the girl bit out.
“Where were you?” Steve asked.
“We’ve only done this four times,” he added after a moment of thought. “First few times we had to figure out why things weren’t working. By the time we discovered the genetic match requirement, we only had enough blood for two more tries.” As if that would somehow make him feel better.
Shame made him flush just as his phone buzzed again.
Peter threw his bag in the trunk and hopped into the passenger seat before giving a wave of his own and a tiny smile.
Bucky climbed up a ladder onto a wooden platform that served as a lookout post. A radio was clipped to his belt on one side, a pistol and two knives on the other. His right wrist sported a titanium cuff with an identification number, bar code, and SHIELD logo engraved in the metal.  On his back was a large rucksack, but he certainly didn’t notice the weight.
“And soon, my mommy and daddy were really fighting. Like Daddy and me with the monsters on TV. And that’s what’s going to happen if I stay, Petey. I know it will.” His voice cracked, and emotion gushed from the open wound.
“Time to go home,” Tony said quietly, standing up.  He offered his hand to Steve. “I’m probably very impatient back there.”
“You two go get drinks,” Steve said. “And get more of those fried things.”
“The Accords, you mean,” Steve muttered. “Our ‘civil war’ between Avengers. Yeah. We got through that. Almost three years ago now. I just moved back to New York in the last year.”
His therapist said he shouldn’t be proud of that, but he was. It made him feel strong that he had never bent to what everyone expected of him.
“Shut up,” Blaine hissed. “Just shut the hell up, Rogers.”
“Steve.”
“Hey, babe,” Tony said around a mouthful of cheesy noodles. He shook his head. “Nah, I like ‘em cold.”
“Done, boss,” Friday replied.
choice that he’s accepting. He won’t do that. He’ll feel like you forced his hand. Like you might not think he’s genuine.”
“Yeah. There’s no trees. No grass.”
Steve slowed, to a walk, chest rising and falling like he’d been sprinting a marathon. But marathon sprinting was on Saturdays, only in daylight and through Central Park.
Steve narrowed his eyes at her. “Why did they want you back so bad, huh? What are you, some pop star turned reporter?”
Steve’s eyes narrowed. “If you invited me here just to insult me, I’m outta here.”
“Really?” Tony cocked a brow as Steve nestled into what little mattress there was left.
Tony liked to think Morgan was fascinated by his creations because she knew he’d created them, but he knew that it was probably just because sparkly things and little kids went hand in hand. Especially potentially dangerous sparkly things.
Steve sat on one of the cement stepping stones he’d made at craft class in the fall with a bunch of old ladies from the quilting store in town.
Tony. Father, the “cool dad,” the one who bought him everything he wanted and taught him whatever he wanted to know.
“And I never had a problem with it. I mean that,” Steve said with a squeeze to his hand. “It wasn’t like you’d call every five seconds if you didn’t know where I was. I called you every night because  I--because I loved you and I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I’ll just play up the pining Army spouse role,” Tony assured him. “Don’t worry about that stuff, Steve.”
“His eyes. They’re his.”
“No problem,” Steve replied. He didn’t ask about Jackson’s nickname. He didn’t want to hear any stories about Jackson.
“Tell Steve,” Rhodey said quietly as they waited for the elevator.
“I want weapons,” Steve blurted.
“Can’t do it,” Tony said, and began walking toward the elevator again. “I’ve got all kinds of events booked. I’m on call for priority missions only.”
“Peter,” Tony said, more stern this time.  “You don’t mean that.”
Steve was glad that Tony had been out and about. Sometimes he stayed in the lab all day and never left--and those nights were usually full of night terrors. But things had really been getting better. Peter had been a huge help, even after the boost of Tony getting sober two years ago and Steve officially moving in after their marriage (he was old-fashioned, always would be).
“’Course it’s okay,” Steve said, putting his arms around Bucky to save them the awkwardness of Bucky not knowing how hard to embrace him.
Upon reaching the scanner to enter, Steve pulled out the ID tag and showed the barcode. The screen turned red, reading something in Russian that Steve assumed wasn’t good.
Steve had tried so hard to combat his depression. He went to so much therapy that his fucking superb SHIELD medical insurance wouldn’t cover the costs after a certain point. Daily meetings with his therapist, attempting pills everyone knew would have no effect, exercising more than usual to try and drive up his endorphins—and all of it had failed miserably until he moved to Maine.
“Sarah?” he asked, his throat closing.
“Does it matter?” Bucky said quietly.
“No.”
“He won’t throw it away,” Tony cut. “I want another visual from Tony’s shoulder. He keeps looking away.”
“Fuck it’s cold out there,” Emory hissed. “These temp controls don’t do shit.”
Tony and Jackson would love his present and he would probably be sitting with the Avengers or with Peter—though probably not Peter since he was best man, and only groomsman.  Jackson’s three sisters were the only bridesmaids, and they would probably be sitting at Tony and Jackson’s table for the reception.
Tears pricked in Steve’s eyes just remembering how angry Tony had sounded. “My son and my ex husband don’t want me in the family anymore. I’m a selfish coward and I accept that. My son got engaged and didn’t tell me. He owns a company now and he didn’t tell me that either.”
“Easy,” Steve soothed, gently guiding Tony back down to the sand. His touches were strange—just enough pressure and force to garner a reaction, then he released. There was no lingering.
“Because I never sleep. I got it,” Tony finished with a little smirk.
“Sure thing, sir,” Francine replied.
They gravitated toward each other, breath mixing as they sought out their familiar places. Tony looked up into those warm eyes and smiled, his chest swelling with affection.
It was far too late to even try to reach for them. Much like an animal stopped struggling once the mouth of a predator closed around its neck, none of the targets even had the time or the thought to reach for their weapons before Steve and his team were firing.
That seemed to spark something in her, and she broke into a grin, nodding.
Steve had never felt more alone on the planet than when he heard Peter say “family” without referring to him.
Steve struggled when Rhodey approached him, and started to yell just as a rag was forced into his mouth. The restraints didn’t budge, nor did they feel the slightest bit weakened. Fifty other versions of him had probably tried to escape this place, and fifty tweaks had been made to ensure none of them succeeded.
“Is everything okay?” Tony asked from behind him.
Steve shot a look to the snail, just for emphasis.
Approved?
He realized he hadn’t spoken yet, but he wasn’t sure how. What could he possibly say? What was he supposed to feel?
“I can always buy another one if it gets ruined,” he murmured. A sly grin spread on his face and he tossed the robe to the side. It slid off the bed in a pool of shining crimson.
“Yeah.”
“Fried things? Yeah, let’s get some ‘a those,” Sam said.
He peeked out, but there was no call of surprise, no confetti, no indication that Tony had been hiding for good reason. No, the penthouse was utterly silent, washed in shadow and warm light as the sun sank between the skyscrapers outside.
A week later, a phone went unanswered in an empty office in Saudi Arabia. The machine clicked.
“Was a fluke, I know,” Tony finished. “But we’re friends. And we were never that public about being together anyway. We could make it work, and in six months we call it off.”
“I still don’t understand this,” Steve said as they headed over to the guardrail.
“We had our chance—“
It was fate, it had to be.
“I know,” Tony said, looking down at his hands. Steve grabbed a few fried pickle chips while Tony wasn’t looking. “I didn’t want to involve you. It really isn’t my choice to involve you.”
Steve only let go to pull out his keys, unlocking a door to one of the art classrooms and holding it for him to go inside.
These were the moments Steve knew he would never forget. Quiet moments in their penthouse, the silence only broken by the noise of the city all around them, so far away. The faint scent of Tony’s cologne, of whatever metal he was working with in the lab. The sensation of Tony’s breath on his neck and the brown eyes looking him over in the darkness.
Steve suppressed the thought that Tony was holding off in hopes that they could spend more time together. Thoughts like that were poison.
“Oh, right.” Steve laughed, pausing in front of the dogs. “This is Charlie,” he pointed to the palest, largest, and fluffiest of his retrievers. “Lucy,” the darkest of the three goldens, with a slight curl to her coat. “Fluffernutter—Fluffy for short,” the youngest of the three retrievers, and Sam’s personal favorite. “And the Shepherd is Nikolai.”
If Blaine hadn’t injected him he probably would have killed her just to feel like he was doing good.
“And if we do this,” Tony hissed low. “You’re staying someplace with three digits in the square footage.”
He said it was because he couldn’t just fly out to Maine on a whim, but Steve knew that was completely false. Peter had a private jet at his disposal and even if he wanted to fly coach, money was no object.
A half hour later and they were headed down to the lab, Morgan perched on his hip as he carefully navigated the stairs, a small drone hovering nearby just in case something unexpected happened and he ended up flinging his brand new daughter down a flight of stairs. Couldn’t be too careful.
“Wanna say hello?” Tony called, because he loved the idea of being shot in the face by a random scumbag.
This had to be addictive. Or at least bad.  But honestly, Steve didn’t care. He trusted Blaine not to get him into anything that would prevent him from performing as an operator.
Tony let out a snort. “I did not.”
“I’m going to kill Thor, by the way.”
Steve’s instinctual reaction was to argue against perfectly rational advice like that, but he kept his mouth shut. Tony needed a distraction, and so did Steve, quite frankly. So he leaned into Tony and they headed toward the closest bathroom.
After Blaine was KIA, Steve had left the military world for a while. It hadn’t gone very well, and he had nearly killed Bucky several times while trying to figure out how to live again. Then he went back, deciding on contract work instead of enlistment. The military was happy to have his service, and since then he’d spent more than fifteen years fighting on and off for various armies and troops. Emory Bastinov had been his partner for three years, but he was so much younger than all of the other Special Forces men he had worked with.
Across the street, the curtains moved and Bucky appeared, eyes ringed with dark circles and his hair in disarray.
Tony closed his eyes tightly and turned his face away to burrow into Jackson’s chest.
A Belgian Malinois walked between the two, ears pricked and nose working.
“Any anti-aircraft?” Steve asked.
But as he turned the corner to go down another set of stairs, everything went black.
Most people just thought it was about the diamonds, and the Russian and American governments wanted it to stay that way. Knowledge of the mission was on a need-to-know basis, and Emory could not have been left alone for Steve to leave for a funeral.
“Oh, that’s okay,” Steve said with a shake of his head. “We’re fine.”
“Copy that,” Blaine smirked, pulling out his phone. “I’ll have an extract by oh-five hundred.”
Tony’s grin grew wider. “Our target. You and me are gonna get in there and swipe the EMP they stole, get it back in the Quinjet—do what spec ops has been trying to do for the past two weeks. Except we’re the dream team. We’re going to win.”
“Yeah.” He patted the cloth at her hairline, smoothing it back.
Tony bit his tongue, unbelieving that Peter could be so blatantly ungrateful for all that Steve had done. All of the shit Steve had to slug through for years while Peter was a toddler, four years old and under the spotlight as the world watched to see who would burn in the divorce aftermath.
There was a long pause, and Steve hated it. Like he was being judged a failure.
Tony stood there with a sour expression, his eyes bloodshot. If Steve didn’t know better, he would have said it was a hangover.
Not even because it was right.
Steve reached over, gently patting Tony’s shoulder. “I forgive you,” he said. “I can’t imagine the guilt that’s been weighing you down since they passed. I’m just glad I could be the one to help you past it.”
The mask was flipped up, and Steve could see the back of Tony’s throat as he just screamed, veins popping in his forehead, tears streaming hot down his cheeks.
He couldn’t even revert back to his memories with Tony. Now it felt like trying to imagine making out with a cousin or something. It grossed him out just thinking about it, made his skin crawl.
The thought that all of his kisses were spent, that he had already received every loving touch he would ever get, that no one would ever smile at him in the middle of a conversation and say “I love you” again—it was a feeling that gutted him.
Steve shrugged on a shirt that was a bit too tight, but he had no other options. Tony would think it was purposeful, like Steve wanted to try to win him back by wearing a fucking tight shirt. Like some—
Tony looked up at him for a fraction of a second too long.
Tony’s brow furrowed. “Right…so help her? I’m not following.”
“Inside the compound,” Blaine announced. “Steve, turn off cloaking, we might need it later.”
Steve dimly realized he was on fire as he clawed his way toward the shield. He was sure he’d recognized where it had landed before, but time was no longer relevant. He didn’t know what was going on, couldn’t remember even the second he was currently experiencing as he fought his way to the shining metal.
And yet he walked over, fingers tangling in damp hair as Tony’s mouth wrapped around his cock. Steve braced himself on the shower door with one hand as Tony sailed past foreplay and swallowed his length, head bobbing in perfect rhythm as Steve started rolling his hips. His drug had always been Tony Stark, but as his head tilted back and he felt Tony’s throat vibrate around him with a hum, he wondered at what point he’d crossed into becoming the person who spent the whole day fucking his drugged up husband after finding out he was with another man. When he had become the man who wasn’t even upset by it right now because he was getting his dick sucked.
“Well, I don’t want to,” Steve said, trying to keep the anger from his voice.
The flakes trembled from the heater’s breath.
“It’s
They both stood there for a moment in tense silence, but Bucky’s gaze was turned away. Uncomfortable. He clearly didn’t want to be here, and Tony didn’t either, but neither of them made a move to leave.
“Here,” Tony said, ducking under Steve’s arm on his left side. “Keep the bleeding foot up.”
“Thought you didn’t care what other people thought, darling,” Tony drawled, making a show of checking his watch. “Is that why you aren’t divorcing me? That ol’ pre-war pride?”
Steve’s smile faded a little. If only. “I’ll be okay, Buck. Promise.”
A little while later, Tony called for the table’s attention by tapping his champagne glass with his spoon. All eyes turned to Peter’s father.
He wished he could have just stayed in the ice for twenty more years. Ten, even. All of this could have been avoided.
“Steve’s therapy dog,” Tony added. “And the damn best-trained canine on the planet.”
Well, Steve had made it through loneliness without once crawling to Tony for help. The only times he had fallen apart that Tony knew about were when he just happened to be coming by.
He watched as the saline solution in the tubing was replaced with red at each arm—new blood coming in, old blood coming out. Like fucked up dialysis.
The man’s hand moved to her hair, pulling out the hair tie and combing his fingers through the target’s shiny locks.
Well. Steve sat back against the cushion behind him as the pickles and onion rings arrived in all of their fried glory. Tony plucked a pickle chip from the pile and popped it in his mouth, chewing thoughtfully. There was a hesitancy Steve could see in his eyes, something akin to fear. There was too much silence and not enough
The color left Tony’s face, and he looked pained. “I…Steve, I wanted to tell you—”
“A year? Tony, I can’t fake date you for a year.”
“Thanks,” the guy said with a genuine smile. “I’m Ben, by the way.”
Steve was frozen for a moment, until he noticed something.
The rain pelted the side of their shelter, a tiny chorus of what sounded like gunfire against the metal of the ship’s wing.
Sam grinned and gave Blaine a once-over. “You serve?”
Buying gifts had always been difficult for Steve. In the forties, it had been difficult because he had no money—resulting in dozens of pages of his sketchbooks being turned into little gifts of artwork. After coming to the twenty-first century, he had trouble knowing what was truly going to be of use to someone.
- the loss of full control of bodily movements
His blood tingled so pleasantly. Steve tipped his head back and closed his eyes, taking time just to breathe.
Bucky shook his head. “Maybe on your side of things, but I can promise you he’s always thinking about it. And when he comes to his decision, you’ll know.”
Now, no one looked him in the eye for more than a few heartbeats. No one sat next to him in the mess hall and asked him about the war. Even Emory kept his mouth shut about Steve’s past.
Steve scrubbed his eyes. “I’m not his Papa anymore,” he whispered. “He’s right, there’s nothing for him here. He needs a place like the penthouse. He needs a lab and his friends. All I do is hold him back.”
Harry explained. “I’m here for the ladies, Mr. Rogers. Peter’s just gonna pine for MJ the whole time.”
“And you’re…everything’s okay?”
“Hey,” Steve croaked, fumbling blindly for Blaine.
Tony knew about this? For how long? Steve wanted to ask, but refrained. He wouldn’t have wanted to hear this from Tony. There would probably have been a glimmer of pride in his voice
Tony let out a snort. “I don’t remember you having power of attorney over his personal life.” He ran a hand over the side of his car, only slightly relieved to find no dents. He turned, eyes set in a glare. “So get lost.”
A root that had been hidden beneath the leaves struck his spine, but Steve hardly felt it as he was on his feet again, racing up the opposite side of the gully, imagining himself as a lion, then as a horse.
“You’re one stupid fuck,” Blaine muttered as he pulled a needle through Steve’s skin. “Next time you decide to fix a fence, you get wire cutters and a fucking ladder first.”
“Steve, it’s okay,” Not-Tony said, putting his hands out as if to steady him. But Not-Tony didn’t touch. “There’s a lot I need to explain. I get that. But first I need you to get something to eat, something to drink, and rest a little. You’re going to get really tired in about an hour, and probably throw up a few times. You’ve never been good at holding anything down when you’re disoriented.”
“Copy that.”
He stepped forward.
He realized that might seem to forward—too eager—the moment he pressed send. Too late now, he supposed.
“What,” Steve snapped.
Morgan’s art class consisted more of spilled and splattered paint than actual art, but she loved it like nothing else. Several of her finger paint drawings already littered the fridge and she’d only started the class a week before. Dr. Roberts said it was a good thing to enroll her in an art class to let her express herself.
The boom of another mortar shell was close this time and they could feel the earth tremble beneath the explosion. It was so, so loud, yet muffled and dull as though it were happening somewhere else.
“Sounds great,” Tony said flatly. “But you can’t make it awkward. You hesitate for one second and it could throw everything off. Everyone’s watching you like a hawk, because you’re the good and honorable one.”
“I love you too, you know,” Tony said softly. “But if you ever pull something like that again I swear it’s over.”
Steve landed on his feet this time, just beside a moving car. He hopped out of the way as the driver honked at him, then took off at a full sprint toward the tower. His phone buzzed relentlessly in his backpack, but Steve kept running, doing his best not to knock anyone over as he flew down the street.
“I’ve had—”
“It’s okay, Steve,” Tony whispered. “I’m not trying to force anything out of you. I just needed to know.”
“I have a problem,” Tony interrupted, hands retreating to his lap.
The bed was perfectly made, but with a new comforter. A trunk also sat at the foot of the bed, one made of heavy wood that didn’t match the rest of the space. Tony would never allow such a contradiction in style, yet there it was, plain and oak, and fastened shut with iron.
Until hands came to his face, holding his head still. Tony’s face. Tony Stark.
“Right, wasn’t like I was invited to dinner with the Chief Master Sergeant of the Air Force or anything!”
He had learned in all this time that he didn’t need Tony in his life to find happiness. Peter was Steve’s world, but he no longer depended on his son to bring the joy into his life. He had toiled for three years in therapy, moved to a new state, taken in a therapy dog, adopted three others, and made a new life for himself. Now he was happy because he made himself that way. He made his own experiences and found himself in them.
Wanda didn’t seem convinced. She balled the energy in her palm before sending it into the air to burst in a tiny firework.
“Steve,” he muttered.
They entered a massive room that looked like it had once been a garage. The ceilings were cavernous, the walls white with a sleek, glass finish.
Tony paused, turning to him. He was a sucker for reverse psychology, what could he say. “Oh yeah? Not up to task?”
Steve looked at him, scanning Peter’s face for some hint that he understood whom he was talking to, but there was no evidence that Peter knew at all.
Steve didn’t say anything, and that brought a little bit of panic to Tony’s eyes.
Peter huffed. “Dad, it was our argument. It’s over and done with now and I think we both—“
“If he thought it was—“
“You were cheating on him,” Steve said, brow furrowing. As much as everyone loved to believe Tony was the kind of guy who ought to be known for that kind of thing, Steve knew that wasn’t really him.
“Peter loves you,” Tony murmured.
Rhodey smiled. “Okay, so in the beginning when you guys were your new fancy team or whatever, I thought Banner was your guy. Steve was kinda out there, kinda clingy, but I figured that was the whole time travel thing.”
Tony sat at the edge of a pile of rubble, his shoulders heaving, his helmet lodged in the earth beside him. The air was thick with smoke, with small flames peeking out from underneath concrete and rebar.
Steve looked away, clearing his throat. “I, um. Before I agree to anything, I wanted to see if you’d…”
“I’ll haff it done by tonight, proffebly,” Tony said around a mouthful of fries, most of which were still sticking out from between his lips. They were too greasy, but that was what you got when you showed up at a cheap-ass diner joint in New Jersey.  He’d forgotten these places existed, just like he had forgotten what it felt like to accidently touch hardened gum on the bottom of his table. Some things were better left forgotten.
Tony turned to see Steve there, way too close. His vision was getting pleasantly hazy, his blood warm. He felt like a middle schooler again. Aesir wine probably had a higher alcohol content than Everclear, so at least there was that. If it could get Steve drunk, one glass was definitely enough to down him even in his glory days.
“Password required,” a woman’s voice said.
“This may take awhile. I have enough blood for maybe two hours of work and I’ll find a way to fix whatever’s happening in there. You may have vivid dreams that are Steve’s memories, but It won’t be an experience your body is actually going through,” Tony explained as blood started filling the tubes on either arm. “Just relax. I promise I’ll take care of you.”
“I actually go to this painting class in Manhattan on Wednesdays in this great little studio,” Steve continued, unable to stop smiling.
And oh, how life loved to bludgeon him with the consequences.
Tony squeezed Peter’s shoulders. “Alright, kiddo. Get down to the car. You have homework to finish.”
“They do support you,” Steve said flatly. “According to them, you were on the right side of things.”
Tony stood idle beside a lab table, staring down a piece of equipment that wasn’t functioning the way it was supposed to. A minor adjustment to the wiring should have resulted in a connection between the power source (low voltage though it was) and a light to flick on in the center chamber of the sphere-like piece of machinery. Instead, he’d gotten a whirring noise, followed by a grating noise, followed by nothing.
Down the hall, Steve was sitting on the edge of Peter’s racecar bed, gently running his fingers through Peter’s freshly washed hair. Peter himself was fast asleep, one chubby cheek mushed against his pillow in the cutest possible way.
“Pete, I remember the first time you came home with us and I almost had a heart attack because I thought for sure I was about to drop you on your big round head,” Tony started.
He turned to grin at her. He gave him a weak smile in return.
His therapist said not to exclude himself.  He was wanted here, and loved. He believed her.
Make that twice by Tony’s tongue.
The paper fibers underneath his calloused fingers were soft and worn as he pulled the documents from the envelope. There was a magazine with a tribute to all of Tony’s accomplishments, pictures of his life, including a few pages detailing the trying marriage of two superheroes.
Steve kept reading, but raised his brows. “Mm.”
Tony could work a whole night through subsisting on coffee and metal fumes. But things just weren’t going his way that night. It was bitterly cold outside, for starters, with high wind that subtly rocked skyscrapers enough that he couldn’t take proper readings with his equipment.
“Cueball!”
Was there too much silence going on? Steve swallowed, wondering if he should take another bite of oatmeal so Tony would know he was eating and that was why he wasn’t saying anything.
There had to be another explanation. Iron Man had never been to Aspen—that Steve knew of, anyway. So he didn’t understand how a helmet would have ended up there. He’d been the one to pack everything and move them here, and he certainly hadn’t seen it then.
A sealed envelope fell from the magazine, and Steve recognized Tony’s handwriting. Judging from how clean the lines were, it had been written years ago, when Tony’s hands didn’t quiver.
“He warned us this might happen,” Vision said quietly. “We have to stay the course. For the betterment of both of them.”
“I don’t want to live with Pops this summer.”
“Do you even hire babysitters?” Steve asked.
“You flew to Malibu just for the ceremony?” Peter asked, unconvinced.
Steve cocked a brow. “Winter?”
“I know he is,” Steve said, flinching as he drew blood at the edge of his thumbnail. “He’s a great guy. Speaking of which, you should probably be off to dinner soon, right?”
Steve had never even imagined Tony with children. Not beyond an occasional daydream of what life might look like if they stayed together. Tony was good with kids, but he’d always seemed so against having his own. Then again, they’d only discussed it briefly, and that was many years ago.
Steve nodded. “You did. You adopted a kid without me, but you still plan on me sticking around.”
It suddenly made sense why Iron Man was always so interested in Tony, why he always seemed to know him best.
He hit the ground so hard he heard his bones break as he bounced along the dirt, skidding to a stop among earth on fire.
Steve never said anything about it because he was pretty sure it was true. Emory had no flaws on the battlefield. He was smarter, stronger, and faster than every non-superhero Steve had ever met, and he was only twenty-four. Four years younger than the Special Forces officially allowed.
“For being my fake boyfriend,” Tony replied evenly, though his heartbeat was loud enough that Steve could probably hear it from where he was. That…he shouldn’t have done that. “See you when I see ya.“
“Maybe we should,” Tony said quietly. Steve turned to look at him, an odd weight in his chest. “Just for pretend. I mean, it might be more awkward not to.”
Instead, Steve padded into his bathroom to start his nightly routine. He brushed his teeth (though he never got cavities) and flossed (equally unnecessary) before washing his face and patting it dry with a hand towel.
“Yeah, yeah, lay off,” Bucky muttered, but he was smiling.
“I wanted to meet Morgan on my terms. And I wanted her to meet me without you there. I didn’t want to put pressure on her or make it seem like I was pushing into her life.”
“Good evening,” Steve said absently, his eyes on the clouds.
“Those are things he needs to sort out himself,” Iron Man said. “You’ve done your part to help, Steve. You’ve gone above and beyond for him.”
Steve was never late to anything by five minutes, much less thirty. But yet he always waited at least an hour, every time.
Steve sighed, and he swore the color was raining from his room. All of the warm oranges of the sunset seemed suddenly muted and worn.
Steve turned on his heel, staring hard at his husband. Tony was dressed in a sharp suit, with dark sunglasses that probably weren’t coming off any time soon. His hair was more unkempt than usual, and Steve was pretty sure he could smell perfume when he advanced on him.
Steve looked away from the screen, not willing himself to listen to any more.
The pain of indifference once again clawed at Steve’s innards. Tony simply didn’t care.
Steve flinched. “I’m not following.”
’ look. It made him smile just a little bit more.
Steve nodded, and Tony grabbed his glasses off his face, tossing them to a workstation with a clatter. There. That was the Steve he knew.
“Protection. If I were only doing this to protect them, I would have let him go long ago.”
Steve blinked, his brow furrowing. “What—“
He took a breath, even and slow, watching as Tony smiled at him, still holding his heart in his hands. “Good morning,” Tony murmured, his voice soft and sleepy. “You want some hot chocolate?”
“Charlie Two Six, this is Guardian. Permission to proceed granted, over.”
Tony’s eyes were so warm. Chocolate. Hot chocolate. Steve remembered Tony hated when he said chocolate. Eyes are not food. Chocolate.
He felt like he was talking to someone else’s child, or some young friend of his.
The words clawed deep, cutting through his flesh like hot metal. His mind reeled, trying to process all of the pain at once and failing miserably.
Peter could have never lived this life. Steve could never imagine allowing his son to go off to war at the age Emory had. The poor kid thought military-grade banana and peanut butter sandwiches were the best thing in the world. Steve didn’t know about Emory’s family—he never asked questions—but he could only imagine they were either dead or hated him. Or maybe they had been the ones to subject him to the needles and probes that made him into something more than human.
Anger burned low in Steve’s gut as Tony grabbed his phone and pushed past him to the door, yanking it open and sending it rattling on it’s hinges.
“Steve,” Tony said, voice quiet.
The guys tried to pretend they weren’t watching him as Peter went on to describe life with Tony, how fantastic it was to be part of the best clean-energy business in the world and all of the things they had accomplished together as father and son.
“If you’ve changed your mind, we don’t have to do this,” Steve said.
Once he’d dried off, said hi to T’Challa when he’d passed, Steve slung his gym bag over his shoulder and headed down the hall. The feeling he’d woken up with wasn’t gone, and the way his lungs burned only added to the tightness.
“You could have just said something, like a normal person.”
Jackson shouldn’t have been so damn charming. Or easygoing. Or warmhearted.
“I’ll get it ready,” Steve murmured, setting his empty meal container in their waste bag. Tony was typing furiously on his hologram keyboard, skimming through the intel they’d recovered on mission.
He wished he could even just be indifferent.
Bucky hadn’t even been invited, nor had Sam. The only people Steve would have to hang out with were the other Avengers, and he wasn’t even sure if they were coming. Thor probably wasn’t—he had only come to the last wedding because both grooms were his friends.
But Peter. Peter was looking at him pleadingly, sticking close to Tony but not in a way that was ganging up on him. Peter genuinely just wanted to help.
“You did, dumbass.”
Steve thought maybe Sam would try to push things further, but instead he just shrugged. “Ah. Well, I was in the Air Force way back when. Might’a seen me on TV before—I’m the guy with the wings.”
“See ya.”
They would have to hope it was.
?” Steve returned sourly, though an amused smile was perched on his lips.
The dogs were waiting as patiently as they could, all of their tails wagging so furiously that they were dusting the dirt from the concrete path up to the porch.
I love you, Steve. I wish I could tell you in person, but your phone doesn’t even ring anymore. I’ve always loved you. My biggest regret will always be letting us end.
“I’m not leaving you here by yourself, Steve,” Tony said quietly. “I know what you’re doing. It’s okay to break down like that, okay? It doesn’t make you weak. Trust me, you couldn’t come off that way if you tried.”
As much as Steve had a feeling Blaine cared about him as a teammate and as a friend, nobody in this group took pity on him. All of them had their own shit to deal with and they didn’t like cowards.
. That happiness was behind something he could not touch. That happiness was a presence that he couldn’t even see anymore, but yet he knew the way it felt. He had those aching memories.
“Because I know it was right.” He lifted his hands to rub his eyes. “I don’t regret marrying Tony, not really. And I don’t regret having Peter. But I think I knew from the beginning that it was all gonna end.” He looked up at Bucky with a hint of a smile. “If you knew everything was gonna end, but you were having the time of your life, would you cut it off early to save yourself? I didn’t. I didn’t want to.”
The body next to him jerked, and Steve heard the sharp inhale of realization before there was a flurry of movement from beneath the sheets as Tony yanked them from his face. His eyes were blown wide as he looked up at Steve, and Steve was sure his own look wasn’t much different.
But he’d picked up the phone tonight. That had to mean something.
Steve closed his eyes as the wind washed over him, his lips slightly parted to taste the salt in the air.
“Fuck,” Tony groaned, lifting a hand to massage his forehead.
“So basically, I have no right to take you.” Steve’s eyes welled up with tears the way they had been doing for months, every time he tried to practice this speech. “Daddy’s lawyers are going to take you away from me and I’ll probably never see you again, except maybe sometimes. We’ll see each other sometimes.”
“You raised him, Tony. He’s your son.”
“Steve,” he said, like an idiot.
“Sorry, what was that?” Tony prompted, plucking another fry from the pile and popping it in his mouth.  The place smelled like frying oil and cheap perfume. Like something out of Mad Men, which was probably why Steve liked it. Though technically Mad Men was twenty years after his glory days. Or fifteen. Or whatever.
Taking a nap was so much easier with Steve in the apartment. Bucky still wasn’t used to wanting protection. He didn’t want protection. He could protect himself. But something about…something about sharing the burden made him able to relax so much more. His apartment was a tiny Brooklyn fortress. The government had “gifted” it to him in exchange for staying in New York. Bucky wasn’t happy with having a permanent address, but he had made enough preparations for an attack that he could at least sleep in the place.
“What?” Steve looked away.
“Shut up!” Peter shouted and the noise caused Steve to start. “You sat there making Dad’s life fucking miserable every time you decided to be dramatic. You could have called Bucky or Sam or Natasha or anyone else, but it was always Dad. You and I both know that he still loves you. And judging by the way he acted sometimes, I’m betting you told him you loved him too. Oh my god, you are so
Tony shuffled away and a few moments later the elevator dinged, signaling his departure from the floor.
“Who’s your friend?” Tony asked, as though he wasn’t in love with him.
Peter really must have found his soul mate. He really must have found the person on this earth made for him, just as Peter was made for her. Peter had never dated anyone else, as far as Steve knew. They had already been together longer than his and Tony’s entire relationship.
“Sure was when you got shot last time,” Bucky muttered. “And now the whole world knows about you two, so. Just be safe.”
“If he asked you out, would you go?”
“Really?” Morgan asked. “Can we?”
Tony gave a disbelieving look. “I’m discounting the Wannabe Gold Digger Women of America. They don’t count.”
But it ended there, this time.
The second dog tore into his leg, knocking him to the ground. Pain seared from both bites, especially when the first dog started to tug. Steve let out a scream without meaning to and punched the dog in the head, but it just clamped down tighter on his arm.
The forest around them was silent except for the occasional noise of snow falling from the thick coniferous branches above and the crunching of snow beneath their boots.
That was fine.
“I changed my mind,” Steve panted between kisses.
“I’m happy too, Steve. I…” Tony ran a hand through his hair, a smile breaking out on his face. “I waited for you to change you mind for so long, y’know? I was still waiting when I met him. And for the longest time I wouldn’t go out with him, I wouldn’t even attend the same events, because I was still waiting for you.”
Despite what he had once thought, Steve didn’t age. What he had thought were the signs of a slower aging process had actually turned out to be the effects of a combination of stress and mental weakness. Every day in the mirror he saw the same face staring back, a body far too young for all of the time he carried on his spine.
Steve moved onto his back and nodded. “Go ahead. I don’t mind.”
Candice was an artist that specialized in jewelry making and pottery. That was one of the main reasons they had decided on her. Steve had wanted their child’s mother to have close interests to his own. He remembered meeting a much younger Candice and her bright smile as she welcomed them into her Manhattan studio.
Maybe he’d need Extremis just to fix the arthritis threatening to take his hands away from him.
“You sure everything’s alright?” Tony asked, tipping his head up to look at him.
Peter wouldn’t come for Easter.
Nobody sat there but operators, and everyone on the base knew it.
Steve grinned, giving the table a little victory whack. “Thank you, Tony.”
Tony shook his head as Steve pulled away. “It was nothing you did, that’s why I didn’t want to say anything to you. It’s fucked up, Steve. If I had any choice, we’d still be married and everything would be the way it was.”
“Can we go get breakfast?” Steve asked.
But when they did catch up, it was because there was a familiar voice at the other end of the line, soft and scratchy with sleep.
“That sounds nice.”
“C’mon, baby,” Tony urged. “I know you’ve been waiting so long. How much longer are we gonna have—”
“Hold still,” Tony murmured, gently gripping Steve’s heel with his left hand. He held his banded palm a few inches from Steve’s foot.
Being in Bucky’s hold had once felt like safety, but now he felt constricted and pinned down. But this was Bucky, so Steve just hugged a little tighter to try to force the feeling away.
! Just thinking about it makes me so fucking angry!”
Tony let out a snort. “Your drill sergeant gonna come yell at you?”
But Tony had warned Steve that she did have rights. Even though the surrogacy agreement had been meticulously planned, Peter was still her child. Tony would most likely win in court with his lawyers, but there was a chance he wouldn’t. A chance Peter could be taken away from them if his mother wanted him back.
Tony smiled fondly, running his tongue along his bottom lip in the telltale motion that said he was going to speak right from his heart. Steve almost had to avert his eyes then, because he hadn’t seen that look in so long that it almost made his heart swell.
“Yeah, and put him at risk. Not really worth it when he’s going to leave me when he finds out anyway.”
“Hey.” Tony’s hands came up to rub Steve’s arms soothingly. “I’m sorry for missing dinner, okay? We had some stuff to go over about the meeting in Tokyo. I had to be there.”
They passed through security, annoying Steve all the more as all of the officers standing there saluted him as he passed. Maria glanced at him with a questioning look in her eyes, but didn’t say anything.
“Down, guys,” Steve called. “Come.”
No, bullets would not kill him. A mortar shell would not blow him to bits.
“My ideas, what do you think?”
There was a weighted pause as Not-Tony decided how to answer. “He killed Tony’s parents.”
He spooned up some soup at the same time that he caught scent of Steve’s aftershave. Bucky pretended to close his eyes because the soup was good. It wasn’t that good.
It was hard to take the advice of Bucky Barnes for something so serious, but he did know Steve better than anyone. If he said that the way to fix this was not contacting Steve, then Tony had to listen. For once, he just had to listen.
It took Steve a moment to understand. “You mean you could have sent me back all this time?!?” He could have been home, he could have been with his Tony, somewhere safe and familiar. His
That got an eyeroll from Rhodey. “You’re making excuses, Tony.”
Now that was interesting. “If I would what?” Tony pressed, curious now.
“It’s great to see you, Mr. Stark,” Mary Jane said with a warm smile.
“No, what did you say?”
“Back away from the hostage!” Emory bellowed. “Release your weapon and back away from the hostage!”
“Peter, tell me what happened.”
Trading one parent for another. That was all a divorce would do.  And Tony might turn right around and go back to being busy all the time, leaving Peter to take care of himself. To grow up alone, thinking his Papa didn’t want to ever see him.
“Steve, you’re killin’ me!” Bucky hissed, but Steve heard the smirk on his lips as he said it.
Rhodey wrote some notes on a tablet, checked a few monitors, and then Tony entered.
“I’m serious, Pops,” Peter said, his eyes welling up. “I don’t want you to think I don’t want to stay here anymore. Yeah, maybe I was mad at you, but you’re still my dad. I didn’t mean…You’re always going to be my dad, okay?”
Blaine chewed his chicken breast and swallowed. “Two nights ago.” He nodded once. “You talked about having a son.”
That something that felt as though it was literally tugging his heart tight against his ribs, trying to squeeze it out between the spaces designed to protect it. Or maybe to hold it back during just this sensation.
Steve adjusted his scope and rested his cheek on the stock, shutting one eye.
“I’m aware,” Tony said flatly. “I don’t anticipate him sticking around.”
It would be easier when Tony and Jackson were gone and he only had Peter and Harry to look after. A month to spend time with Peter and show him the things his father was too caught up in his tech and luxury to see.
Steve knew he would hate himself for this decision—he could already feel the self-loathing curdling his blood and squeezing his bones, but he had to do one more selfish act for one more selfish reason. Before the numbness wore off and he needed another injection to keep him sane for the night. Before that injection could make him feel like he needed to be somewhere he wasn’t wanted.
“That’s really good, Peter,” Steve said softly.
He just wasn’t sure how to bring up his little problem. Or if it was even that big of a problem at all. Tony honestly felt like his feelings for Steve were shallow, and could evaporate at any time, yet another part of him felt like that wasn’t going to happen, that they might end up getting worse. After all, Steve probably didn’t like him to begin with. Actually, that was pretty much guaranteed.
“I know you did, Pete, and I’m so proud—“
“We were cheating on each other,” Tony said evenly. “Steve just didn’t do it like I did.”
The boat looked like a giant stall, Steve realized. Or one of those gates that racehorses were penned up in before they burst out onto the track. Steve imagined what they were feeling now was similar to what those big horses felt. The loud sounds of breathing, the seething of waves, the slick metal deck beneath them. The cramped quarters that were as comforting as they were suffocating.
“I want you now,” Tony said quietly. “And I know that’s a big ask, but I do want you to stay with me. With Morgan.”
“Well I’d prefer for Jackson not to have to pretend to like my cooking,” Steve finally replied. “And I’d prefer to have the both of you able to eat it.”
“So,” Steve said after glancing over the menu. No prices. That was never good. “Why did you ask me to lunch? We haven’t had lunch in a few years.”
warning: this chapter is GRAPHIC and involves gore. also heavily revolves around death. if that's even remotely something that bothers you, please discontinue now.
“Mm.” Tony jerked slightly, then shifted his head.
An hour later and Steve, Pearson, Cueball, Boone, and Blaine were sitting around the table in Steve and Blaine’s room, though they called it their pod. A modern-looking metal and glass bunk bed sat nearby as the five of them shuffled through their worn-out playing cards.
Steve looked at him for a few more moments, worrying his bottom lip. He looked like he was about to say something—he had that panicked little look in his eyes—but then he just nodded once. “Yeah, soup.”
It wasn’t long before people were gathering by the chairs and the whispering started. Steve had a habit for eavesdropping—it came along with his superb hearing.
I’m not going to sign my name last, because I want my last written words to be the ones I wish I could say to your perfect face.
Three dark figures moved into view, and soon their voices were audible.
He remembered his mother telling him how makeup was very important because a woman had to look pretty. But he also remembered her using it to cover up her purpled eyes and the ugly bruises on her neck.
Tony smiled, but he did get a nick of guilt for lying to them. He did have a conscience sometimes.
“And it was closed!”
He might as well have smacked him across the face. Tony’s ears even rang, the hurt was so sharp and sudden.
A red dot appeared on his chest.
Steve rolled his eyes. “Has that ever been a problem?”
Steve grabbed a piece without hesitation, relishing in the fact that he had an order to follow. He popped the mystery food into his mouth and tasted some sort of batter, something cheesy, and some kind of seafood. It was delicious.
Tony didn’t know why it looked so rushed. He knew Steve. He also knew Steve’s lack of a social life. A physically painful lack of a social life that made anyone within a fifty-mile radius want to steer clear.
With what was definitely a high schooler’s maturity level, Tony found himself daydreaming away his time with Steve when they did things together, like stop off at a shitty diner in New Jersey on the way back from a training session.  Steve had decided to step away from training the new Avengers for a few months, which at first had everyone worried until they remembered that this was the first time Bucky had admitted to feeling “back to normal.” Tony used normal loosely with that guy, but Bucky was at least in a place where nobody had to worry about him killing anyone.
“Everything’s in order. Assuming they haven’t changed their systems in the last 48 hours, we’re golden,” Cueball replied.
It was Tony’s turn to look confused. “I have a girlfriend? What are
He still hadn’t looked.
Dinner was canned peaches and something close to chili from one of Bruce’s prototype MRE packages that were supposed to better support their superhuman abilities. Namely Steve’s.
“Tony probably has a concussion,” Steve told her, cutting him off. “He hasn’t walked yet since the impact, so lifting him out would probably be best.”
Peter, thankfully, hadn’t taken his father’s womanizing route in his romance and instead was still dating Mary Jane. Not even a year of college and a distance from Boston to New York had separated them.
Pamphlet Excerpt:
Steve blinked in surprise. “What was that for?”
“And what’d he say?”
“And what are the chances he’s just become a better liar?”
But he couldn’t. For one, Bucky had made it very clear that he was straight, and two; Steve just wasn’t attracted to him. Sometimes he tried to will himself to see Bucky’s handsomeness as more than just…handsome, but he couldn’t. Bucky was his best friend, his brother, the one person who he knew for certain would never leave.
Steve tightened his grip until she met his eyes. Then he leaned close enough to see the wavelengths in her irises. “You just risked the lives of my team members, hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars on equipment, and my life.” He gave her head a little shake. “I know you and whatever shitty media outlet you work for doesn’t like us and our job, but I hope you remember what we just risked to save you from your own fucking stupidity.”
The laughing stopped. Steve’s smile stopped with it.
The day was bitterly cold and the sky untouched by clouds. Quiet.
The angry clouds spun above him as he lay there, half on grass, half on gravel, staring blankly at the sky.
But Tony’s tie and suit jacket were haphazardly strewn over the mini fridge he’d wedged into his bedroom at the foot of the bed, and he definitely wasn’t wearing enough clothing to justify that they’d had a friendly sleepover.
He lifted his empty glass and she swerved hard to come back to his table.
Tony looked down at his hands. “Yeah,” he said quietly. “You don’t want to, so you fight it the whole way. And it’s not fair to them. None of this is fair. It’s not fair to you or me or him.”
This time, he was happy.
“You’re an ass.” Rhodey pulled out his seat and sat down. “But you never show up out of the blue. Something wrong?”
Steve jerked his head, twisting as he felt ligaments snapping, his heart madly pumping blood into his gaping chest cavity.
Steve watched him leave with a sickening feeling churning in his gut. Not because Blaine’s words surprised him, but because he knew he was going to stay even if he was right. Maybe he was killing people for no reason. Maybe he was just following some politician’s orders. But he was doing something with himself. He had a purpose here—and no one he had killed looked the least bit innocent to him. They exterminated high-value targets, evil men in charge of the bloodshed.
Steve didn’t want to stay, but he wasn’t sure if his money would work here. He had no place to go anyway, except maybe back to his apartment. But something told him it wasn’t his apartment here, wherever this was.
Tony touched him again and this time Steve tensed, but didn’t recoil. The pressure of Tony’s fingers was warm, unnatural.
“Is this really necessary?” Steve asked as Blaine tugged a tourniquet tighter around his bicep.
“Steve.” Tony moved closer, pulling Steve to him. Steve let himself be pulled, but he didn’t burrow into Tony’s shirt like he wanted to. “I should have been more open about it. I know that now. I shouldn’t have…fuck, I know the way I went about it was wrong. But I couldn’t—you always think everything can be fixed. You always run yourself ragged trying to make sure everything is fixed. And this wasn’t fixable. I knew it.”
“I want you to,” Steve countered.
“Emory, you got reading on these guys?” Steve unhooked a grenade from his belt, flicking through the options.
The night terrors were back then. Tony didn’t want to know when they had started up again, but it was hard to see Steve Rogers so…diminished. So human. Even Tony, who had dated him and at one point wanted to marry him, still thought of Steve as someone close to perfection. Good looks and infectious smile aside, Steve could handle immense pressure with ease. He was a beacon of hope to so many…but that didn’t mean he was perfect.
Tony said down, and Steve fought the reaction to cringe. He didn’t want Tony anywhere near him.He didn’t want Tony to even acknowledge him
“Leave a message.”
Bucky seemed to solidify from the shadows, removing the mask from his face. Tony had read in a file somewhere that the limited oxygen helped him stay focused. Or some shit like that.
Steve met his eyes, not needing to examine too closely to see that Tony was telling the truth. This didn’t seem to be a ploy. “This have to do with the article?”
Vision closed his eyes and focused. He could feel the same tug, the same confusion, the same hurt. Wanda touched his wrist and it intensified to a level that made him shift with discomfort.
A pair of yowls made Steve look up from washing his hands and head toward the door. He wiped his hands on his jeans, and leaned in the doorway as two sports cars growled into view.
“Mm” was Tony’s only reply before they were sleepily wandering into the master bedroom.
“You understand this?” Blaine whispered.
“It’ll just take a minute,” Franklin said. He nudged Maria.
to become a sorry sack of shit and I’m not going to let you poison my wife and my family—including Dad and Jackson—with your moping and manipulation.”
Steve grinned, turning away from the mirror to face his new fiancé. Tony did look awfully handsome in a dark sweater, and the slight v-neck cut made it less irritating for the sensitive tissue still healing on his chest. It would take a lot of time for the bone and tissue grafts to fully assimilate, but Tony was feeling better every day—or so he said.
“Always giving me the heavy lifting,” Steve said with a smile, as if he hadn’t just killed another human being. As if he wasn’t dragging that human being’s body through the snow.
“You can’t treat me like that, Tony,” Steve finally said. “Of all people, you can’t try to sucker me into this. I agreed to be your fake whatever. I agreed. So don’t try to pull the wool over my eyes.”
“Oh shit—Steve, no.”
“What’s the news?” Tony asked after a moment.
“Then call it! And when you call him, maybe you should tell him you’re getting married. Jesus, Peter! I know you haven’t called him yet.”
of blood hitting the tile echoed as Tony headed back down the hall, returning with a metal band around his right palm.
“You didn’t answer my questi—“
How meaningless he was now that Peter was in college and on his own.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t think.”
Peter was happy without him. Peter had grown up smart and nice and happy with his father, and he and Peter still got to see each other sometimes.
“Can’t imagine why you’re down here,” Tony announced upon heading from the elevator.
Peter laughed and Steve saw Tony’s smile. “I had an interesting childhood, that’s for sure. One of my dads is a billionaire genius and the other is an American icon—it’s not easy to grow up with their achievements hanging over my head.
Steve’s hand balled to a fist in the wooly fabric of the blanket as he headed back to his ex-husband.
“You mean in three months?” Steve snapped.
She smiled at him, and he found he also hated the way she looked so sincere. Natasha was very good at reading people, but she wasn’t right this time. Yes, he still had too much invested with Tony Stark, but he knew better now. He knew what happened when he tried to protect Tony from things that could hurt him, and there was no going back now.
Steve found his legs again and stood once they entered the apartment, yanking himself free from his friends’ arms. He could handle himself. He was totally fine. He wasn’t even crying anymore. He was fine.
“Do you still love me?” Steve asked quietly, fogging the glass with his breath.
“No.” Bucky shook his head again. “Wouldn’t change anything if you were here or not.”
“You’re okay, Steve,” Tony soothed, his jaw tightening a little.
My son.
“I want to go sleep, Buck,” Steve snapped, heading over to his bed and flopping down. “It’s late and we have to wake up early.” They didn’t, but he didn’t care.
“Papa, please.”
Better than fine.
Finally, Tony looked up from his tablet. “I invited you here to discuss how we’re announcing our fake togetherness. And to practice.”
Blaine gave him a look and rolled his eyes again as he pulled up his sleeves.
He could feel Steve looking at him, and that caused him to take a nice, healthy gulp. For grape juice, it was damn good.
Blaine knew just as well as Steve did that it just wasn’t true.
“Says my fiancé,” Tony muttered. “I’m too young to look like a dad.”
Blaine’s breath was ragged behind him and Steve slowed a little bit, but Blaine let out a warning growl when he did. Steve kept sprinting. The door came into view and Steve let out a harsh breath of relief.
“Sor—Sorry,” Steve whispered, quickly pulling away.
Steve nodded as Maria sent a flurry of curses their way.
“Or you can just come and bring urgent care to me right now.” It seemed like a reasonable enough solution. “She’s really warm, Bruce.”
How unprofessional.
“Penne, but close.” Steve shot him an easy smile. He looked like he was happy not to have to greet him at the door. “Can I help you with something?”
“Hey, Pops,” Peter said, phrasing it almost like the beginning of a question.
Steve cleared his throat, putting on a raspy voice and closing his eyes halfway. “Fuck, Stevie, stop wakin’ me up so early, I can barely get four hours a night goddammit.”
“Don’t do this,” Steve whispered, turning his face away. “I told you not to do this shit, Tony.”
“You gonna yell at me later when we get home?” Steve chuckled. “I probably deserve it.”
Steve,
He cocked his head to peer down the sight of his rifle as a woman came into view, her sandals slapping against the stone walkway beneath her feet.
“It’s me,” the man said earnestly. But this man had blue eyes, darker hair—yet his voice was Tony’s exactly. Not a single syllable or tone was off.
“Steve, no.” Tony moved to take up the doorframe. “I don’t have a girlfriend. I don’t have a boyfriend. I have…whatever you want to call us. That’s all I have.”
Six hundred yards.
“Hey,” Steve growled. “That’s my son.”
was the one that gave me the divorce papers, right?” Tony muttered around a screw in his mouth.
Tony stood after making a show of licking his lips, entering the shower as though nothing had happened. Because in his mind, it probably hadn’t.
He had learned time and time again that any hope of having a good time at the rehearsal dinner would be pointless.
“Rigatoni?” Tony tried.
When he got into the bathroom, he was relieved to find it empty. He turned on the sink and began to splash his face with water, trying to clean himself of how terrible that had gone. A knot had formed in the small of his back and below his left shoulder, tightening with anxiety and growing fear as Blaine’s drug started wearing off. Soon he would be looking for people hiding in the bathroom stalls with weapons and taking note of—
Steve found himself wondering if his Tony was even waiting for him, or if he just assumed that Steve was still ignoring him. Maybe he had a flood of texts waiting for him, or none at all. Or maybe Tony was angry. Tony didn’t really like arguing with him in person when he could send texts instead.
Or maybe Tony had done it as some way of protecting him, though he had never actually been told where Steve was or what he was doing. Even in that last conversation, Steve had kept his mouth shut.
Steve shook his head. “Given the circumstances, I think I’d have been a lot worse.”
There was silence for a moment and when Peter’s voice came back on the line, it was cracked and strained. “Fine. Bye.”
Steve never understood why they were only given good food before going off to die. Trays of sandwiches sat on a few crates. Nobody really knew who put them there, but some things just weren’t questioned.
Steve frowned. He tried to think of what Tony might do if the situation were reversed.
“I said the relationship needs to last a year,” Winona corrected. “I said you’d have a few months before we had a decision. It’s been a few months.”
Steve nodded to his team and they began to set up their spots on the rooftop. Snipers found places to hide among the crumbling walls and debris while other men aimed down the stairwell, heartbeat sensors flipped up to detect enemy pulses.
Steve scoffed. “Right, and you just sleep with stuffed animals now.”
Steve looked up at him, unable to process what that meant. “Stay part of this family? What the hell are you talking about? What—so I can be your boyfriend during the work and you can have your lawyer powerhouse girlfriend on weekends? What the
Steve frowned. “Oh. I’m sorry.”
Then Tony was whistling his way down the stairs into the inky darkness. He said something to Peter, but Steve’s hearing was strangely muffled.
Peter’s arms looped around him for a hug, and it already felt different. But Steve hugged back, even patted Peter’s shoulder once or twice.
Blaine rolled his eyes and Steve forced himself to laugh, bridging the negative space between the dusty, abandoned pathways in his brain that told him that the joke was funny, that it was okay to laugh.
They had never repaired things. They hadn’t even tried. Steve visited Tony only once after Peter’s wedding, and that was just a few years ago to discuss a change to Tony’s will.
“I shoulda known,” Steve whispered. “I lose everyone I ever care about.”
“I wanted to see what you were doing after the reception,” Steve said, his voice weak. “I wanted to get dinner with you and catch up. I haven’t seen you in seven months, Pete.”
Tony was settled on his chest, but he rolled off. They had learned long ago that Tony woke up with pain from his arc reactor if he slept like that.
Steve frowned. “Even if I came back, you’d wait for him.”
When Steve returned home, he took the sculpture out of its safety wrapping and placed it on his dining table to look at it for a little while.  It wasn’t the best sculpture he had ever seen, but it was a modern-rustic type of thing. Unique. It would be a great gift, along with his charity donation.
He pressed a kiss to Steve’s lips, unable to stop himself from smiling.
There was a video of an aircraft carrier cutting through the sea, surrounded by smaller ships in a way that gave Steve a few too many memories of D-Day footage.
“I don’t care,” Tony replied too quickly. He winced, realizing how that might sound. “I mean, I do care. I want a kid. But I need—Steve has to hear it from me.”
“You wanna feed my dog some human meat?” Kissum replied.  Steve could hear the grin on his lips.
Steve had only talked to Peter about Mary Jane once before they started dating, and it had been an uncomfortable conversation that Steve had forced. Nothing like the longwinded talks that Tony seemed to be hinting at. Of course, he hadn’t even known at the time that Peter was talking to Tony about it more. Maybe he should have suspected something then.
Tony didn’t say anything for a moment, he just stared. “Fine. How?”
Even as he pictured Tony doing the exact same thing to Iron Man, all of that was fading into the background of his brain with each expert stroke of Tony’s hand. He couldn’t find the will to be hurt or disgusted, everything just focused on his dick. It was horrible, and Steve knew that it would make him feel so much worse afterward, but even knowing that now, he couldn’t stop himself.
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony replied, waving him off. Rhodey clapped him on the shoulder once more before picking up a jog toward the main doors.
Tony laughed, stealing another quick kiss while he could. “I think so. But I kinda just like you, so I’m sure it would’ve happened anyway.”
“And you didn’t get divorced.”
Here was his chance to tell Peter the truth. To tell Maria that she was his granddaughter, though not by blood. That he had burned a letter from Tony Stark just a few weeks ago where Tony had written about still being in love with him.
Steve felt no itch. Steve felt growing fear in his heart. It was too late to leave, too early to panic. They had miles to go before they hit land.
“I don’t…” Tony sighed again, but this time it sounded as if it had taken more out of him than just the air in his lungs. “I can’t think of a way to describe it. I don’t know what I was supposed to do. Did you want me to keep waking up next to you not feeling the same? I did that, for months. I thought it would just go away. Y’know, because people always say you don’t always love each other all the time after you get married. But it didn’t go away—but it never went sour either.”
He didn’t want to stare down anyone else to watch how they were doing it, so he just pushed his food around on his plate and didn’t eat anything.
Tony stood there, hopping on one leg as he hurriedly tried to pull on a pair of sweats, His t-shirt was wrinkled, his hair unkempt, and his face had creases in it from where he must have slept on wrinkled sheets. .
Tony stood abruptly, fists clenched tight at his side. “I had to make sure, Steve. I couldn’t mess this up.”
Steve wanted to meet this person—a woman, he guessed—just to see what he lacked that she had. All the years fighting beside each other, a friendship turned romance, all of that history amounted to a big fat nothing now.
Tony looked lost for a moment, but when he blinked, he was back again. “A lot better. But I’m gonna hold off on any real brainpower stuff until dawn.”
“He didn’t just stop growing up after high school,” Tony cut when Steve didn’t respond. “Every time he’s needed something for college, he’s called me. Know why? Because you don’t ever reach out to help. You used to beg me for just a few more hours with him and now you don’t even put up a fight. He’s still your kid and now you want to push him on me? No way.”
“Come on,” he said, turning and heading in the direction of the sea exhibit room, where they found Morgan showing off her lunchbox to Mrs. Freeman. A few other kids were there too, awestruck by the shiny tin.  Tony smiled, genuinely warmed to see his daughter socializing, having fun.
All he had were his dogs, Bucky, and Sam. Even Peter wasn’t really his friend anymore. Peter had missed Christmas to be with his girlfriend and hadn’t even remembered to tell him.
Thor laughed, deep and rolling. “Of course, Stark.” He lifted his hand, and while Tony expected some kind of electrical current, a fine gold dust shimmered from Thor’s palm, landing in a film over the surface of the wine.
“I think it’s time,” he said, his voice twinging with emotion. “He hasn’t responded to my texts all day, I think he’s out on a bender. I, uh, was just looking through the paperwork before you called.”
Tony hugged him a little tighter. “You know that’s not true. You haven’t lost anyone yet. You’ve still got me. You’ve got Terminator—and he was definitely supposed to be dead—and you’ve got Sam, the Avengers, and you got to say goodbye to Peggy in the best way. No dramatic plane crashes involved. And you still have Peter. Always.”
He looked like he was about to say something else, but then he continued cleaning up the blood.
“Did you finish breakfast?”
“So when I drop rthat low, it’s easy to get you off-balance,” Blaine continued with a hint of a smirk on his lips. “You’re stronger than me, and faster. I know that.” Blaine snorted. “Your cocky enemy might like to think otherwise, but because I know I can’t outfight you, I use your body to give you a disadvantage.” Blaine turned to him as the sliding doors opened to the grounds.
“Match for what, Rhodey?” Steve jabbed his chin toward the blood. “Is that my blood? Is he what, cloning me?”
His arms were still up protecting his face when Bucky’s hand clutched his chest, ripping a small metal ball from over his reactor, leaving Tony looking pretty pathetic standing there basically cowering. Goddammit.
Harry just sat there, looking horrified that he’d been caught eating before dinner.
Tony was the same too. His furniture was still in all the same places, his clothes in the same dresser, and all of the same suits in the closet. They weren’t men who changed. It was a blessing as much as it was a curse, because never changing meant never forgetting.
The man and Maria stared at each other for an uncomfortably long time as the man stroked her hair. Emotions flashed across his face as though they were having a conversation: relief, distress, relief again, then disappointment. Maybe a bit of anger too.
Tony shot him a look and sniffed the juice once before taking a sip. “It’s Rogers.”
He had his friends, sure, but he would be alone for the rest of his impossibly long life. He had made the decision to save Peter from abuse and to save Tony from becoming an abuser. Success had come with a price had hadn’t been prepared to pay. Not like this. Not ending up with an ex-husband who never let go and a son that despised him.
This crush certainly wasn’t planned. Not to mention that Steve didn’t even want to be attracted to Tony Stark in the first place. Tony was a selfish, spoiled brat. He was rude and obnoxious and all he cared about was himself and his money.
It was funny how being stranded on an island wasn’t something they even remotely considered to be a problem for them right now. They both knew they would be rescued in a day or less. If they weren’t, Tony would find a way out. They both knew that if anything, Tony had the brains and Steve had equal muscle to back it up. They were in no danger here.
“And it’s my fault and I know that too. I moved away to see if I could stop myself from acting like an idiot every time they were around—crying and acting like a goddamn water fountain all the time.” Peter had probably been too embarrassed to have anyone over when he was younger for fear that Steve would have some sort of breakdown. Fuck, what a loser. What a cowardly loser. He tried to run his hand through his hair, but his palms were a mess of tender, shredded skin and black stitching.
Tony wanted to smack himself, to force himself to wake up.
Steve rolled his eyes before reciprocating the high-five. Emory was definitely the most immature man in their group.
Steve let out a choked laugh. “If only life worked like that, but you know it doesn’t.”
Blaine glared at him for a second before he returned to shooting. “You got your ass chewed up by dogs, then I saved your chewed up ass and dragged you to cover.”
He almost said it, but he didn’t, because he wasn’t sure if he believed it. That wasn’t fair for someone who was already hiding things from Steve—what was one more possible lie?
“Send my invitation to Bucky.” Steve said, as though they weren’t talking about their son. Their Petey. “I still have my mom’s old ring—If Peter wants it for something, he can have it. If not, I’ll donate it to the museum or something.”
Steve hadn’t prepared a single thing.  It hadn’t even occurred to him that he was going to anything but be a decoration.
“Let me hook you up with someone. Let me get you some help, Steve,” Tony murmured.
“No,” Steve said flatly. “I looked it up because Sam said the same thing once. Coca leaves. It was coca leaves.”
“Kids get fevers, Tony,” Bruce said, clearly exasperated. “You can’t prevent all of them, and sometimes they just have to run their course. If it gets worse, then you can take her to urgent care.”
was more patriotic.
“Probably a good thing we broke up, then,” Tony said with a nod. “You shouldn’t put up with that kind of behavior from anyone.”
Blaine shook his head. “Nope. Civilian.”
But Tony didn’t get out.
Steve kept his eyes closed so tears wouldn’t leak out. “Of course. Right. Then how about lunch? Even if you wake up at the crack of noon, I don’t fly out until five.”
Steve fought to smile. He hadn’t seen Tony in so long. But there were holes in his lips, or maybe he no longer had lips.
“I dunno, was it,
“When I was little I would spend one week at Tony’s house, on week at Steve’s. That was different than most of the kids my age and it was pretty hard sometimes. I’d forget something at one house but I wouldn’t want to ask my dad to go pick it up all the way across town. And Tony and Steve just have very different parenting styles,” Peter said. He gave a little shrug. “Tony was always there to help with my homework and Steve was always doing dad things, you know? Going to the zoo, taking me to baseball games, stuff like that.”
Cheering erupted before Steve could even process that Happy had started speaking again, and when he looked up, Tony had his arms around Jackson, kissing him wholeheartedly.
He didn’t know which was worse.
Bucky just shook his head. “Don’t you let him make you reckless, Steve,” he said, his voice low. “Don’t you dare let that happen. We came out here to get you away from him. I’m not gonna let him tear apart everything you got yourself away from.” Bucky stepped closer, just as angry as he had been so many times before when Steve was skinny and small and covered in bruises. “You start feelin’ like shit, you call me. You come to the door, you just don’t talk to him or his goddamn boyfriend. Don’t do it. Got that?”
Something terrible was about to happen, Steve could feel it. Getting in the car with Tony had been a huge mistake. It had been stepping into a snare. They headed out to the car and Steve dreaded every step. The coffees were warm in his scraped-up hands, but Steve could only feel a chill.
With a deep breath, he punched in the number.
Though he did wonder how that would go over. He could almost picture the look on Howard’s face as he tried to compute that Steve was attracted to his son—that Steve Rogers wanted to marry the kid who was never good enough. Howard had always seen Captain America as an ideal, both as a person and a symbol. God, he would pay to see what his dad would have done if Steve came up and planted one on him. It might actually have short circuited Howard’s brain.
This had to be the right dimension. Everything felt right, and nothing looked any different than he remembered. There was no grass lining rooftops, and all of the cars were noisy and rattling off exhaust.
Peter yawned, nodding once. “Yeah, sounds like a plan.”
They both closed their mouths again, and Steve set his jaw, determined not to speak first.
He saw a hand, small and round. Delicate skin blistering and burning away like thin paper, turning black and stiff.
That would be fine, Steve decided. That would be fine.
Gonzalez shrugged. “American reporter, decided to seek out Russian insurgents and—surprise—she got taken in. Must be important though, orders came from the Big House.”
“Yes, please,” Steve said, his throat closing up. His eyes were hot with tears, which made him feel even more stupid. God, he needed out of here. “Quickly, please.”
He sat down on his springy mattress and realized he was here for Tony’s wedding. Alone.
Peter kept his gaze out the window. “He said maybe we could get lunch sometime this summer and I could keep him updated.”
Peter didn’t even hesitate. “Will do. Talk to you soon.”
“Well, if it helps the most, shouldn’t I do that?” Tony asked, already shifting to rest Morgan on the couch. “Friday, please get this phone off my face.”
Steve gripped tightly to his duffel, the base of his fingers hot as the nylon straps cut into his hand. He hadn’t been denied at the door, so that was at least one good sign.
Tony flicked the message away with a finger as he looked back up to Steve.
Tony smiled. “It was. Gave us a chance to be ourselves. We never got to be that way here.” He gestured toward the city outside. “There’s always someone watching. Always a chance that someone will need us and come barging in. Not there.”
“I’m sorry it has to happen this way, but I’m not sorry that we’re doing this,” Tony murmured. He straightened, nodded to Rhodey, and hurried out of the lab, looking close to tears.
Tony looked over at Steve for an answer, but Steve looked lost too.
Steve’s eyes were still locked on the childhood toy, rooted to his spot. He wanted Tony to know he’d looked. That he’d seen the life Tony had removed him from.
Jackson shook his head. “Steve, please.  I feel horrible about the mix-up with the invitation. That was so rude of me. Let me make it up—“
“Daddy!” Peter squealed, bolting from his chair and attacking Steve’s legs.
“Jesus, call me Tony. I’m about to be your father-in-law.”
After dabbing a napkin on his tongue to try to rid his mouth of the burn of stomach acid, Steve stood up straight again. He felt hollowed out, like a husk of a human being.
Tony blinked, then followed Steve’s finger. He relaxed slightly. “Oh, that? Nothing. Just…that’s Mr. Snail.”
He found himself shaking sometimes. For no reason at all—just shaking.
“I know. But he’s going to grow up and that’s still not gonna change.”
“Just wondering.” Steve nodded to himself a few times as the pause in their conversation lengthened. “I want you to know that I’m proud of you. You’re so smart and nice and you’re happy, right? You’re happy?”
Steve couldn’t help but clench his fists when he saw him. Tony looked like he had recovered from whatever emotion he’d faced earlier, and he rolled his seat closer to be at Steve’s side this time.
“If you’re asking me whether or not I heard you and whoever you brought over last night, I didn’t. I’m two floors down.” Steve took a quick sip of orange juice.
Steve looked down at his hands before he could think on it much longer. “I should still talk to Tony.”
An hour ticked by, with Steve watching the holographic clock inside the mirror over his dresser. Tony still hadn’t called or sent any messages through Francine. Francine herself had been silent.
With a quiet sigh, Steve looked to the stars, hoping to see the faint light of an oncoming aircraft. There was none. It would take probably a day to hunt them down, Steve guessed. Tony would build something in that time—probably faster, really. Steve had always underestimated his abilities. That was probably one reason Tony no longer loved him.
The scarred man fell clutching his chest from Blaine’s bullet and Steve quickly aligned his next shot as the blond boy stared down at his severed leg. The boy’s mouth opened to scream, but only a garbled note escaped his lips before Steve pulled the trigger and punctured the boy’s chest.
“Okay,” Tony finally said, stepping away from the threshold to give Steve room to leave. “I guess I’ll just…wait to hear from you then?”
Tony shrugged. Gwen Stacy had been making eyes at Peter lately, or at least that was what he’d seen when they both “accidentally” bumped into each other at the Oscorp announcement dinner last month. It surprise him if Peter had been tempted to stray. Steve loved Mary Jane, which was probably why Tony was leaning toward Peter finding someone else. Only internally, of course. He’d never say anything like that.
“I’m going to the lab,” Tony informed Friday. “Let me know when Clint leaves Steve’s floor.”
Both of them dropped low and pulled up their weapons. Two men stood alert at a gate, each with a dog.
Bucky squeezed his shoulder a little. “Hey, that ain’t true and you know it.”
He could feel Steve considering it. “Well, I can tell you what helped me when I was sick.”
Peter sighed. “He lives out in the middle of nowhere. Never calls me or talks to me or anything. And it’s not just me—nobody’s heard from him for years.”
Tony was high, and he didn’t think Steve had noticed. But he could tell in the way Tony’s hands ran over his body over and over like he’d forgotten what he’d just touched. He was probably on some combination of Xanax and Adderall, which definitely wasn’t healthy, but as Tony would say, he hadn’t died yet. And if Steve was being honest, he seemed almost normal on this combo. Almost sober.
“Mary Jane wants to see me there. I’m going for her,” Steve said with cracked resolve. MJ deserved his presence if no one else did.
Steve frowned. “I figured that much. But what’s it mean?”
Of all the things Steve could bring up right now. Tony didn’t need to be put on the spot and asked if he still loved Steve Rogers. It was pretty fucking obvious to everyone that he did. Hell, Jackson even knew about it to some extent. Jackson at least knew that a divorce didn’t mean he’d stopped loving the man he’d been married to.
“A what?”
Steve wiped his eyes. Took a deep breath. Pulled open the drawer and removed the divorce papers again, that black print glaring at him. He set it neatly on the desktop and began to read.
The bullet tore straight through the blond boy’s leg and a splat of red appeared on the dog’s chest before it slumped to the ground.
Most of all, he remembered the one time he had gotten so angry at Peter for the constant barrage of questions about everything from why the sky was blue to why JARVIS wasn’t a person. When he had snapped so venomously at his little son that Peter had burst into tears and ran off.
“Thanks,” Peter returned in a flat tone before he was talking to Harry again.
Tony set down the stack of picture frames, but he flipped them. Steve caught sight of one; a younger, pudgier Peter with a gummy smile, clasping a baby toy.
Everyone lifted their glasses and toasted the couple with words of congratulations. Steve couldn’t find the will to speak and the only people he toasted were Tony and Candice.
Morgan looked up upon hearing his tone, and Tony offered her a wide grin. She smiled back at him and turned back to her toys.
Steve seemed to recognize the discrepancy in their interaction, because when he spoke again his voice was oddly formal. “Did you get the cold rag?”
“Uh huh. Always making sacrifices, aren’t you? Like spring break in the Bahama--Oh, wait, you bailed.”
And honestly, every guest that wasn’t an Avenger was a fan. They always
“Peter, you need to think seriously about th—“
Steve shrugged. “This has been hard for me. You know me so well, and I know you pretty well too, but we aren’t friends anymore.”
He really, really hoped he’d made the right choice in doing this.
He moved to the threshold and Tony looked over at him, his eyes showing momentary…something. Regret maybe. Sadness. Hard to tell when he was so intoxicated.
Long ago, it been Steve soothing Tony with almost the same words. But Tony had always been so much better at saving face.
I do love Jackson, but once you’ve tasted love the way we did, normal love doesn’t feel like enough. I’m glad you never found anyone else. I don’t regret that I did, but Jackson makes things a lot harder in a lot of ways.
“Can we, uh, get on with it?” He was going to throw up.  He was definitely going to throw up.
“I know that now, but Steve hasn’t been here to see you like we have. He’s not going to—”
“So you blindsided me.”
“I just don’t agree that we should be staying in a city,” Steve said with a shake of his head.
Despite just leaving church, Steve was awfully tempted to stand up and cuss Tony out. “Right. Because that has nothing to do with the way you’re treating me right now.”
“Eyelash,” Steve explained as he reached up. “You rub your eyes more and you’re gonna lose all of those pretty things.” He gently wiped the lash from Tony’s cheek, and shared a kiss with him once it was gone.
The mission had failed. Obviously. It had failed so completely that Steve couldn’t even see how he had once thought it would succeed. One moment he was sipping coffee, agreeing to take on an easy task, and now they were here, marooned, raw, and injured. Tony was, anyway.
“C’mon,” Steve said quietly, leaning down and effortlessly scooping Tony up from the sand.
“What if I meet someone else?”
Like Steve hadn’t been through hundreds of nights alone without a husband, thinking it was something wrong about him that caused Tony to never want to be around.
Steve swallowed hard, but didn’t look as scared as Tony had xpected. As he should have been.
“Your foot,” Tony croaked, reaching out.
“Sorry about the field trippers,” Steve murmured. His voice had that little distracted tone that meant he wished he was kissing him right now. Tony knew it well.
The look on Tony’s face showed what everyone else was probably thinking: get lost.
The only reason he knew Steve was even still alive was from the Christmas card he’d sent last year. No notes, just a glittery, Jesus-y card with “Have a Merry Christmas” typed on the inside and a rushed signature.
“Quebec-Romeo-Lima-Yankee-Yankee-Delta.”
The front door slammed and Steve looked up to see Bucky standing there, his face unreadable.
There was a low sound, and Steve swore he could feel time slowing.
“What, was I not supposed to say he was getting married?” Tony laughed. “Oops.”
“Isn’t it?”
He heard Tony’s voice in his head, one of their last late-night conversations.
Steve shook his head. “Never would have dreamed. But I’m glad it happened.”
He waved to Natasha, who was wearing a beautiful dark purple dress and Clint Barton as an accessory. She waved back and elbowed Clint until he turned around, and then Clint was waving too. They said something to each other and smiled, similar to when they were exchanging information on mission, pretending to be a wedded couple.
Target down.
Steve swallowed, then reached out to scratch Nikolai between the ears. “Yep, he’s my buddy.”
For a fleeting second he thought it was Jane Foster in the soldier’s arms. She had the same brown hair, but her lips were fuller, like Natasha’s. Anger burned in her eyes and her mouth was twisted into a snarl.  She was young, too. Young and unbelievably stupid.
“It really wouldn’t be a bad idea to sleep together,” he finally said. “Just in case this thing falls down on top of us. You could soften the blow.”
Thor was drunk, and that meant he was insistent. “What if I cast a spell to relieve the alcoholic properties?”
Peter shook his head with a little eye roll and murmured something to Mary Jane, who laughed. “Dad,” Peter said, “Just sit down. Appetizers are already over.”
Instead he reached out, gently pressing a palm to Steve’s cheek. “Let’s go. All I have to do is change—don’t need to look so flashy for a date with my guy.”
Tony nodded, but his eyes were vacant. He was actually getting a kid. He wasn’t so sure he was ready anymore. Juggling Steve the past few months had been difficult enough, but a kid?
“Fine, you can stay. But you’re not sitting with me or Peter, or the Avengers. You are not ruining my wedding, Steve. And if you open your fucking mouth once during this ceremony—“
Steve let out a cute little half snort that had Tony grinning wide. Steve Rogers was such a dork. Terrifying, but also a dork. Tony liked to get him someplace quiet, to see the side of him that didn’t throw the stinkeye at anyone that talked too un-patriotically.
“I don’t need her to clear security. Just send her through. Please.”
“I know,” Jackson said quietly. “But I honestly didn’t think he would come. And he’s here to support us. That’s not bad, babe, it’s not bad.”
Anger was quick to billow in his gut, a white-hot track that had been hollowed out over the last year to something so refined that even the slightest comment could start him into a screaming match. He still couldn’t look at Barnes, even if he’d resigned himself to the fact that
It wasn’t long before he felt something wet against his shirt, but Steve didn’t say anything. He just curled an arm around Tony’s back, thumbing between his shoulder blades. Saving Tony from one night of loneliness was worth it for Steve—like maybe it would make up for the way he’d been treating his Tony back home.
And poor Peter. Steve had tried so hard to connect with him recently—he’d caught the quiet sighs that escaped Peter’s lips when they set out for some artistic venture. He’d thought it was just the teenager-y thing where they pretended to be annoyed by their parents. But he supposed Peter would never act that way with Tony.
“I have known Stark a long time,” Vision said in careful monotone. “And while he may make self-destructive decisions in moments of deep pain or weakness, he displayed none of those traits when he asked us this.”
“Captain, there have been no sighting of you for thirty-six hours—please report—”
“That’s awesome, Peter,” Tony said with a wide grin. “We’ll have to put it on loop in all of the buildings.”
It was almost comical, war. Steve had just grabbed a dead man’s hand without even thinking about it. Like it was a piece of gum. Just something to be tossed back into the ocean. Dismembered bodies didn’t even have much of an effect anymore, though Steve had a feeling he would see plenty more of those by the end of today.
Tony opened one eye to shoot him a look. “Steve, for fuck’s sake. I’m not afraid of you. You’re not some…you’re not anything negative to me.”
It didn’t help that Tony had done as he said. All communication severed. No personalized Christmas card, just one with customized gold writing and a picture of Tony sticking his tongue out while Jackson pulled a hat down to cover Tony’s eyes. A cute photo, really, especially because Peter had taken it.
Well, time to find out.
“M’kay.”  Tony continued his leisurely pace around the track. “And no, I wasn’t trying to sleep. I was trying to work, but just—y’know. Focus. Couldn’t keep my focus. Figured I’d come down here and—”
“Yeah,” Tony murmured. “She’s in my lap. We’re on the couch.”
“Dada,” Morgan said softly, leaving Steve’s side to hug his leg again.
“Step in there and you’re home,” Tony said with a curt nod toward the platform. “You’ll be in Time Square.”
He had come here with good intentions. He had come here to willingly watch the man he still loved marry somebody else. He had even come here happy about it—excited, even. This was supposed to be a day where he could see how his life had turned out and be pleased about it.
He slung his phone up onto the vanity so he could type out a response.
At least seeing his bike made him a little happier. He loved his bike, and it would be good to ride back to his apartment with the wind in his hair. Back to the apartment he hadn’t lived in for almost half a year. He wasn’t even sure he had any furniture in there anymore.
At sight of Winona Steve stopped, blinking at her for a few moments. “Oh. Hello there, I’m—I didn’t mean to interrupt. Friday told me no one was—”
The elevator doors opened and she rushed past him and into the atrium lobby. Soldiers milled around in their fatigues and officers strolled past trying to look important. Steve instinctively scanned for potential threats on the various glass walkways above them, but walked forward behind Maria, adjusting the beanie on his head. Blaine’s. The one that hadn’t been torn apart with his skull.
“But you’re coming to Peter’s wedding. He’s our first priority, remember?”
“Way too young,” Steve muttered.
“What?” It was the only thing he could think to say.
Tony looked at him then, wondering just how much of this Steve was aware of. “About this conversation, or about you being—”
Tony pursed his lips. Fair point.
With a sigh of defeat, he wrapped himself in a blanket and headed for the gym floor. The indoor track was his favorite way to keep his mind slowed and his body moving. Sleeping had become pretty much impossible since Steve had left, though those two things were mutually exclusive.
“Peter.”
Steve blinked slowly, feeling a little lethargic. He wanted to lie down and sleep for the rest of his life. Again.
Jackson was perfect.
Pearson, Cueball (his real last name was Knowles), and Boone all sat on the other side of the cabin, checking over their gear and making sure they had all of their equipment.
Bucky was okay with all of this, which was the weird part. Even if he wasn’t okay, he still didn’t seem worried.
Ever since his days picking fights in back alleys until his eyes were swollen shut and his face was cut and bleeding, he had sought death. And now he couldn’t let himself die. He had a team to fight for, a son and ex husband that wouldn’t want to deal with a funeral, and a life that would just keep going.
It wasn’t right and it wasn’t fair, but Steve had done many things in his lifetime that weren’t right or fair to protect the people he loved. He would sacrifice everything without hesitation—not that his life was worth much.  Tearing down buildings, destroying D.C., loving Peter and Tony even though they wanted nothing to do with him—Steve welcomed sacrifice. Probably too much.
“Something you wanna tell me?” He couldn’t hide the uncertainty in his voice, and yeah, maybe it would sound like fear to some. To Steve.
“I’m swooning,” Tony growled, snaking his arms around Steve’s waist. They felt bony and stiff compared to what Steve remembered. Constricting. “You’re right, babe. We always win when we’re together.”
Tony turned to face him again, unsure. “Um. Yeah. Yes.” He sighed, closing his eyes. “Sorry, Steve.”
“Was it about what we saw?”
Peter swallowed and gave a little shrug. “I don’t know. People see him as this great figure of American history—and he’s still that to me, don’t get me wrong—but I think he’s just different now.”
“I don’t think a children’s art show is the time to discuss that,” Tony growled.
“We all do things we shouldn’t,” Tony said. “Granted, some of them are a lot more terrible than others, but.” He gave a little shrug.
“Copy that,” Cueball replied. “That’s a match.”
“Okay, but where were you? I texted you, I called you—I thought something happened.”
“You know he didn’t mean that,” he said. “They cut it all up and ripped things out of context.
Chest heaving, Steve looked around wide-eyed, trying to put the pieces together.
Steve leaned over, his arm unsheathing from the wrap of his blanket. His fingers found Tony’s cheek, gently ghosting over the warm skin there. Tony would be burnt in the morning, his skin was hot to the touch. Tony with reddened cheeks would be a funny sight, certainly.
“I don’t
Blaine shook his head. “You do me. Let’s see how rusty you are. Don’t fucking miss my vein, yeah?”
“Where’s yours?” Tony asked. “What did you draw?”
“So I was just a means to an end?” Steve asked pathetically. “So you could adopt your daughter?”
Natasha taught him a few tricks for staying out of the limelight, but as Bucky had always said: he was really shitty at hiding. Leaving his apartment was impossible without being noticed, and even when he did manage to sneak out, he only found himself caught on camera from across the street or up in the neighboring apartment buildings.
There was a long silence where the only sound in Steve’s ears was the rhythmic thumping of Bucky’s heartbeat. He desperately wanted to pull away, but didn’t have the energy to fight anymore.
“Living room,” Tony called.
Steve yanked his arm away, tugging down his rolled-up sleeves. “No, I can’t.”
Tony laughed, presumably at his stupidity. “You’re so adorable that sometimes I swear it’s an act.”
“Yeah you do.”
“Sounds like you’ve got it handled,” Steve said, but his voice was distant.
Blaine chuckled. “You’re my family too, Rogers. Quit acting like you’re dying, you just lost some blood.”
“Again,” Steve said with a nod when he’d regained his breath.
“Who are you?!?” Steve snapped. “Where’s Tony? Where are my friends? Tell me what’s going on first, then I’ll see about sleeping.”
The world was still spinning a bit, but not bad enough that he didn’t know what was going on. “Tony, why are you up?”
The dog shot between Steve’s legs and Steve watched as the target tensed, his attention momentarily taken from his hostage.
“What do you think?” Tony asked, still not looking up.
“Oh, Steve knows,” Tony said. “We went to all of the major cities one year for a summer vacation.”
“Take a seat, Rogers.” He gestured toward the table.
Fuck Steve. Tony had never expected him to turn out to be the asshole father, but here they fucking were.
“When it no longer serves to protect us, or when it no longer serves to protect them.”
It wasn’t fair to Steve. At all.
“Tony—”
“Oh no. You called me a night early to come pick you up. That means something bad happened and I need to know what it is,” Tony said. “Was he smiling just now when you talked to him?”
“Friday, get him the hell off.”
Bucky narrowed his eyes, his breathing already almost normal again. “You worked too hard to let it all come crumblin’ down, Steve.”
Tony set down the shell of metal he had just unfastened from the sphere and motioned for JARVIS to take the call.
Yet Steve had a hard time believing that Blaine was really okay with that. Killing for a good paycheck (a very good paycheck) wasn’t worth the mental baggage. There had to be something more. Nobody would be okay with just following orders unless there was some sort of goodness, some benefit. Blaine wouldn’t be okay with the alternative.
“You should rest,” Steve said after a moment. “It’s been a long day.”
Maybe Eisenhower had wanted them this packed. To make them itch to be free, to rush out and fight with blind and wild energy.
Steve immediately thought of Bucky. He’d told the story of losing Bucky right after it happened, to the Howlers, to his CO, in his writeup to the brass. Over and over he’d relived that story, told it until his jaw hurt from holding back his sobs.
Steve shot, but the dog tackled him, sinking its teeth into the already-tender flesh of Steve’s arm. He let out a grunt of surprise and then a second dog hit.
Steve rolled his eyes, but laid down, hands folded behind his head. His hip was just brushing the edge of Tony’s pants—a touch that small meant so much now. Now that they had trained themselves to avoid everything about each other.
“Oh.” Bucky nodded once, pulling his hands into his lap.
That party had been a fluke, as they’d discussed. The vulnerability he’d seen in Tony that night had disappeared when he’d sobered up and rushed out of the apartment the next morning.  Steve couldn’t really blame him for that—he wasn’t sure he would have fared any better had roles been reversed.
Tony turned around and Steve found himself being given a lookdown by his ex-husband that he didn’t much like.
Steve gave him a look, then made a point of swallowing.
Tony’s eyes closed, and Steve felt the weight  slowly growing on his stomach as Tony began to drop off right then and there.
“I don’t know,” Steve confessed quickly. “But I think we did.”
His therapist said that Tony had no obligation to him, just as Steve had no obligation to Tony in his romantic life.
There was a picture of Tony with a massive grin, clearly overwhelmed with joy. A chubby toddler was on his hip. Her hair was dark like Tony’s, with a cute haircut that ended just past her ears. She looked a little shocked at being photographed, with big puffy cheeks and dark eyes. She looked like she could be Tony’s biological daughter, but yet he somehow knew she wasn’t. Some familiarity about her was missing that he knew Tony’s biological child would carry.
Bucky Barnes, probably the only guy on the planet that hated him as much as Hammer, but hadn’t yet tried to kill him. Emphasis on the “yet.”
“Well, was there another reason?”
Just like that, they were talking.
Peter nodded to himself, looking Steve over. “Are you married, soldier?”
There was a hollow clinking sound beside him as a Lieutenant flicked his Zippo and lit up. Steve found himself wishing cigarettes worked on him. He sometimes ached for that calming of nerves that the other guys got. Bucky smoked a pack or two a week now, and he was on the lighter side.
Rhodey chuckled and took another sip of his drink. “Okay, so you like him. What’s the big deal? You gonna do anything about it?”
“I’m really lonely,” Steve murmured in a voice so sad that Tony couldn’t help but squeeze his hand.
“I can’t go.”
Jackson looked around the room. If he was disappointed, he didn’t show it. In fact, he smiled and looked somehow more relaxed. “Look at this place. I love it.”
When it was his stop, Steve gathered up his bag and hurried from the train. He held his breath as he followed the crowd up the stairs to Stark Plaza. His whole body went tense as he shuffled up the stairs, as the warm air hit his face.
“I’ll show you. Start the car.”
“Are you wearing any clothes under that blanket?” Tony asked suddenly, throwing Steve off.
“Then he never would have agreed to it,” Tony snapped.
He stopped and pulled Tony to him, meeting his lips with a hunger before they were even by the couch.
“Come see my room, Daddy!” Peter all but shrieked. Steve shushed him through laughter.
“Steve,” Tony greeted with a smile, as though Steve hadn’t spoken to him at all. He motioned toward the other side of the booth. “Have a seat. I’ve got fried pickles and onion rings on the way.”
Tony glanced down at his timepiece, impatience gnawing at his gut. Winona was already five minutes late, and he really didn’t have the stomach to be held up when bad news was coming his way. He also didn’t have a whole lot of time before Steve came sniffing around. He always showed up at lunch, both to polish off any leftovers and yeah, probably to see him. Tony pretended it was just about the free food and it made it easier on everyone.
The most recent time, Steve had let himself believe it was true. Tony improved, was happier than usual, even took him out on a date like the old days. But then he’d found the Oxycodone, the Xanax, the bottles and bottles of Adderall.
“Shut up.” Tony took another sip of juice and swished it around in his mouth for a moment.
Peter turned his head into his pillow a little, but not before kicking Steve’s thigh.
Tony would know. Tony would be able to sort all of this out.
Tony’s wrist flicked just so, and it had Steve sputtering for a moment.
Steve stopped him with a weak smile and a shake of his head. “No, I’m glad you let it out. I didn’t realize that’s how I came across. If you love science and math like you father, than I’m all for it. I want to support you in whatever you do.”
, 2056.
Steve looked down at his plate.
His team interface monitor lit up, showing an incoming Avengers call.
A grin came to Tony’s face, albeit a little melancholy. Peter was older than he had been when he had first been given a special, but that just meant Peter had grown up the right way.
He hefted his backpack on and locked the door behind him before setting out on the sidewalk. The cement was still damp from the night’s rains, and water still trickled down the curb as he traversed the uneven sidewalk panels. He loved Brooklyn, even now. Though it was far more wealthy in this day and age, it still held greenery and charm that no other borough had.
Steve saw it register on Bucky’s face that other people might think they were
Just a PR stunt. He needed to remember that, or none of this was going to work.
?  I already saw on Twitter that you two were--”
“You mean they never expect me to lie,” Steve clarified. As soon as he said it, he knew he shouldn’t have, and Tony jumped right on it.
“So why’d you wanna know about Peter?” Steve asked as he took a seat.
“You do this all to yourself,” Tony murmured with a sniff, rubbing Steve’s back. “He just wanted to come ho—to come to my place for the summer.”
Steve had laughed then. Now, he wouldn’t laugh. Those words would not be affectionate or loving. They would be dry, thick, and crusted with horrible truth. Tony never said them, but sometimes Steve swore he wanted to. He watched--like a storm gathering on the horizon--when Tony almost made himself say it. When things became so impossible that the best thing to do was to hate. Steve understood. He wished he could do the same.
Steve twisted the pin of his grenade and pulled. He tossed it and there was a little hissing noise as the grenade’s rockets came to life. A red light blinked once and then it shot off.
You should know that these are my last written words. I’m not even signing my signature on anything anymore. My last are for you, Steve.
Tony pinched the bridge of his nose. “Well, I’m sorry it hurts you, Steve, but I’m not hurting Jackson just to spare you some hard feelings.”
“Nothing I didn’t already prepare for,” he muttered.
“Thanks, Iron Man,” he managed to force out before too long of a pause.
Steve returned to his chair and looked out the window into the alleyway below and then to the night sky above.  They were not safe here. But even aside from the enemies that might be lurking in the shadows, Steve thought of tomorrow’s rehearsal dinner. He already knew he would be sticking his neck beneath the guillotine. He would be alone at a table with people who would think he was there out of spite, just to prove that even though his invitation had arrived three months after Bucky’s, he was still going to show.
“Pops, what’s up? I’m at Dad’s wedding, remember?” Peter’s voice was muffled with background noise. Music, talking, more music.
“Copy that, Guardian. Charlie Two Six, going dark.”
He felt a little empty. Because as much as Steve wouldn’t allow himself to admit it, a part of him had left with Tony.
But even as Steve tangled his fingers in Tony’s hair and they bounced from wall to wall in the hallway toward their bedroom, shedding their clothes, Steve found himself not really paying attention.
“And you were trying to call
Tony shrugged. “A few days. I can come up with something flashy but not too dangerous. That way you won’t lose your head—figuratively or literally.”
Steve couldn’t hold it in anymore. Tears welled over his bottom lids and rolled hot down his cheeks. His chest started to burn with sheer devastation, humiliation, and shame. He’d become the father everyone thought Tony would be, he realized. He’d become the father who forced Peter to do things he didn’t want to do. But he’d sworn Peter enjoyed painting with him. They always had fun...but maybe it was just him being an idiot.
“It might help if you called him sometime, Steve,” Tony said. “Don’t act like this is Peter’s fault. You move to the east coast and you don’t even invite him up there to see you? He probably just feels like he isn’t welcome.”
He hated the way she said it.
Tony sighed, pulling the screw from his lips and placing it on a magnet stand with a variety of other bits of metal he’d collected so far on this little project.
Steve hit the floor with a thud that knocked the air from his lungs. When he sucked down a breath, the floor had a faint odor of vomit that made his stomach churn.
“Yeah. Okay, well, I love ya, Pops. We’ll hang out soon, I promise. Maybe I’ll come up for Easter.”
It had been a long time since anyone had seen him as the best at anything.
“Well,” Tony said, feeling like he was trying to breathe underwater. “You can’t beat around the bush with him. He hates that. You just have to spit it out. He’ll probably not say anything for a minute…”
“They keep pushing me to voicemail and she’s burning up.” Tony smoothed back Morgan’s hair where she lay in his lap, her breathing shallow. She only stirred to make little groans of pain and to curl up tighter.
He could no longer tell if he was tasting Steve or if it was just the taste of everything that had been taken from him.
“You think it’ll make it through airport security?” Steve asked Nikolai with a chuckle.
A Lamborghini and a Ferrari pulled into Steve’s gravel driveway, one bright yellow, the other bright red. Both Tony’s.
Suddenly molten hot shrapnel was burying into his skull.
But Bucky had taken that away from him too, along with any chance of acceptance he might’ve had from his mother. He couldn’t even count on her approving. She had certainly been more loving than Howard as a parent, but her image in society had always been of great importance to her. The scandal a gay son would have brought might’ve gotten her if Bucky hadn’t.
that reminded him of a windmill.
Steve turned around to see Boone jogging toward him. “Hey, Jessup. What’s up?”
He did love Tony, he knew that now.
He picked up his phone.
“See, that’s where I think you’re involved. Where the hell is he?”
Dogs growled much louder than they sounded on TV. Even louder than in the sim.
Charlie, Lucy, and Fluffernutter were lined up in the kitchen, wagging their tails as they waited for breakfast. Nikolai stayed at Steve’s side, stress-panting as Steve portioned out their meals in their separate bowls.
Steve swallowed. “No, I really think I should get going. I just wanted to congratulate you guys and wish you all the happiness in the world.” He gave Jackson a genuine smile. “If you ever need anything, I’m just a phone call away.” And a few states.
“What is this, high school?” Tony shook his head. Then: “Are you just saying that to mess with me or what?”
They said their goodbyes the same way they always did, quick and to the point. Rhodey never wanted it to feel like maybe this goodbye was the last, even though they both knew that was possible. Missions popped up at any time, and though Tony was taking  a break from them, sometimes the world just needed saving.
The hallway was so quiet. Steve—who hadn’t spent all that much time in the penthouse even in his own dimension—could feel the cavernous silence. It seemed to swallow them in the stone and glass, the sleek, modern edges that had been meticulously designed.  The whole place seemed cold, washing in bluish grey light that only echoed loneliness.
His therapist said to take deep breaths when he started feeling empty. When his lungs rattled because of his sadness, not sickness.
Tony shook his head, and Peter’s lips quirked in a bit of a frown.
Well, maybe the only man.
Maria’s mother rushed out from behind the car and wrapped Maria in her arms, sobbing uncontrollably.
“I can blacken the windows, sir,” JARVIS suggested.
Steve looked away when he noticed that Sam had connected the dots. His gaze was a mix of accusing and downright pissed, Steve couldn’t suffer it head-on.
The coffee joint at the compound was staffed by a Stark robot, and occasionally by new recruits serving a disciplinary sentence. Dealing with coffee orders was evidently enough of a threat that they seldom saw a human face behind the counter.
“Couldn’t keep my eyes open,” Tony said once he was done yawning. “Figured I’d come up here and drag you off to bed if you weren’t already there.”
Steve instinctively backed up, terror flooding his bloodstream more than it ever had in his entire life.
“I knew you didn’t cheat,” Steve said, though he wasn’t sure if he was lying.
Peter grabbed the trashcan beside the sink and wedged it under the doorknob.
Steve. The man who showed up every other week with finger paint and pancakes and stole him away from home.
Any thought Steve had of recovering enough to walk out of this restaurant in a decent mood instantly disintegrated.
Steve pulled the trigger and watched stone-faced as the man’s head burst with a crack that might have been sickening for some.
Steve laughed, but it was pained. “Right. You can always tell.”
“I’ll see you in the morning. I usually get back around nine thirty, so don’t be worried if I’m not there. And the dogs will all be here so you don’t have to worry about anyone—“
“I’ve always forced myself to be part of this family,” he sobbed into Tony’s shoulder. “I always thought I could be his dad too. I al-al-always thought he’d love me like you ‘cause we raised him together.”
Steve shot Bucky a sidelong glare at the nickname. “Yeah, maybe I’m a little upset,” he snapped. “Doesn’t mean I need the three of you feeling sorry for me on top of everything.”
Steve sighed and decided to take his seat, though only elderly people were sitting down. He supposed that was fitting.
“Black cherry this time,” Tony said with a nod and a pasted-on smile.
Divorce was an ugly, slimy thing. Steve had known that going in, but no one had ever said that the same slime that kept him up all night before court hearings about custody and denying Tony’s alimony crusted into a paste that was impossible to remove. Just like superglue smoothed over fingertips for criminals looking to avoid leaving prints, nothing ever seemed to grab hold to him anymore. No new friends, no new numbers in his cell phone.
Steve bit his lip for a moment. “Yeah, I know, Pete. I was at the ceremony.”
Steve’s face didn’t change. “I wanted to practice drawing again. I wanted to teach. And I wanted to meet Morgan without putting pressure on her.”
“I asked Friday,” Morgan whispered into his ear. “She sent him a letter.”
Steve wandered over to a sink covered in old paint spots and ink stains. He plucked a brush from a jar, running his finger over it to check if it had been cleaned properly. He looked gorgeous in thw low light, the way he always had.
“Is Tony going to be a problem?” Blaine asked, tipping his head back just as Steve had.
Steve couldn’t deny that. He could feel the steady stream of blood leaking from his foot. The smallest wounds always seemed to produce the most blood. He sighed. “Yeah. I should fix that, huh.”
Tony shrugged. “I think so. But if you don’t—”
“Please, Steve. I’m just saying that it will mean a lot to me. I know it’s a big sacrifice, but if anything, we’ll learn how to get along again.  To be real friends, not just tell people that we are.”
The grungy carpet was slippery, and Steve fell onto his right elbow several times, the edge of the shield cutting into his flesh as Peter continued to scream. The muted grey of overcast sky was visible out the door window as Steve wrenched the door clean off its hinges.
“Sounds like me,” Tony grinned.
“Captain America just has to try to steal the show—“
“Tony’s in here too.”
“Goodnight,” Tony said quietly, and it broke Steve’s heart. When was the last time Tony had been able to say that to someone?
“Oh, Jesus,” Steve sighed, shaking his head and closing his eyes.
Mary Jane smiled and said goodbye again before moving down the line of dinner guests.
Peter waited another moment then dropped his hand with a chuckle. “I always forget how well trained you sons of bitches are. America’s attack dogs—you won’t even trust the hand that feeds you unless it’s pinned with the right brass.”
Steve had been uncertain from the beginning, about dating, about dating a man, about dating
“Looks like we’re doing this old school,” Blaine said with a grin. “You might even be able to keep up, Rogers.”
“I didn’t want to mislead you.”
Tony frowned. Yeah, he remembered that. Unfortunately. It was hard to recall why he had been so up in arms that time.
He handed over the tourniquet once it was untied and handed it over.
“Are you sure?” Steve asked. “Because what I’ve just seen in the last hour kinda makes me think maybe there’s a lot that hasn’t been cleared up.”
“You wanna go? We’d leave tomorrow morning.”
“Yes, sir,” Steve said, voice tight.
But Steve hesitated, and Tony pulled back to get a good look at his face again. Something was off that he hadn’t noticed before, a look in Steve’s eyes he couldn’t read. But it was bad—definitely bad.
“I guess so, yeah.”
His doctors and psychologists said he would never be fully recovered—whatever that was supposed to look like—but Bucky had argued enough that he didn’t have to go to therapy anymore. He hated therapy anyway; it always seemed meaningless and cheap. No doc knew what was going on upstairs, what he had dealt with. The only two people on the planet who had any idea were Steve and Natasha, and they had only fragments.
Tony’s eyes were so big and beautiful. They could suck Steve in without warning—they were as dangerous as they were home. He’d made a world in those eyes. One he’d convinced himself he would never have to leave. Just imagining the way Tony might be looking for him right now made it a little more difficult to breathe.
“Advancing.” Blaine moved forward silently as they headed for the house, glancing around to check for movement just as Steve was doing. Meanwhile, the rest of the team emerged form the lake and hurried to catch up.
Some day that would come back to haunt him.
“I know you live under the impression that everyone thinks you’re a goddamn saint, Rogers,” Blaine said as he continued returning fire until his mag was empty. He cursed, grabbed another clip, and slapped it in. “But even though you might have been trying to save me—and, I didn’t need the help, by the way— the second those dogs started tearing you up, you abandoned mission.”
He never ever wanted to be this person.  Peter would probably hate him for the rest of his life for tearing them apart. And he was pretty sure he wasn’t going to be getting custody anyway, so these nights might very well be the last he ever spent with his little boy.
Blaine cracked a smile and extended a hand, but Steve could tell the action was forced. “I’ve heard a lot about both of you. Barnes, it’s truly an honor,” Blaine said with a dip of his head.
“I wouldn’t be stuck in highschool right now. I’d be through college, like Dad. I’d be somebody.”
“It’s getting more difficult,” Wanda said, distracted.
The door opened again. An old couple.
She nodded.
Peter pretended to focus on his Starkpad, but then clicked it off. His reflection in the black screen was conflicted.
“Hi,” Tony greeted, his voice choppy. “I’m close, I think. If you turn on your location I can be there in under an hour, max.”
“You just don’t love me,” Steve finished, brow creasing. “Tony, don’t you get how that hurts when you say that? I understand. Stop repeating it.”
“God, Tony, I don’t know,” Steve said quietly. “My heart hurts and my head hurts and the more I look at you the more I get this terrible feeling that it’s all gonna end.”
“What the hell is that thing anyway?” Tony snapped, hurriedly standing up straight again. “Who the hell designed it?” Friday was taking scans as the nanobots spread out over his torso again. Just in case.
“Were we?” Tony hummed, lifting his hand enough to peer at Steve from his lashes.
“ETA thirty seconds. Get ready,” the pilot announced.
Here was a man who had fought for good when he could barely fight at all. Steve had planned on the horrors of war, or at least thought he had, but he had never anticipated this. Almost eighty years after the fighting, still alive and not slowing down. It wasn’t fair and it wasn’t right. It wasn’t right that Steve was still suffering either—holing up by himself all the time, trying not to burden anyone.
“And when Steve finds out about this and gets all righteous?”
“I just—Fuck, sorry,” Steve blurted out, his heartbeat still pounding in his ears. “You—Don’t do that without telling me first, Buck. I’m sorry.” He swallowed hard as Bucky let go of his forearms and he began looking Bucky over. “You’re okay, right? You’re okay?”
Something that might have been a chuckle escaped Steve’s lips. “Don’t worry, I don’t think you’re a hipster.”
Steve didn’t blush, so Tony wasn’t entirely sure if Steve was fucking with him when he replied, “And I said I’d love to spend more time with you.”
Emory reached over and flipped the bag back over her head. “Sorry.” He shrugged. “We gotta move.”
Tony had fought so hard to take himself out of the military world, but somewhere in the last twenty years, that had changed. The money was just too good.
“You’re allowed to say no,” Tony said defensively. “You know—” He cut himself off. “I don’t want you to say yes if you think I’m manipulating you. I’ve given you what I can, you can decide if you want to try this or not. You’re allowed to walk out whenever you want.”
“No,” he replied quickly. “Not until I decide what I’m doing.”
Steve kissed Peter’s hair, holding his arms securely around his son.
“Normal, boss,” came Friday’s prompt reply. “He’s at rest on his floor.”
Or maybe that was just stubborn hope.
Steve nodded, his smile threatening to crack his face in two. “I’m feeling amazing. I’m sorry I was gone.”
Everyone put down their cards and turned to look at the screen. Blaine grabbed the remote off of his bed and turned up the volume.
“Steve,” he heard Tony call as he fished out some oversized pants from the supplies at hand.
he went too far.
“Lullaby.”
“Guess we’ll just have to figure it out, huh.”
Tony made no comment now, though his eyes did rake over Steve’s form once or twice.
“Next one, Your Majesty?” Tony offered, extending his hand.
“You were staring at me.”
He forced himself to lean in further until his forehead rested against Tony’s warm skin, until he could feel Tony’s breath on his lips, too hot and thick.
Steve woke in the morning, the grey light of dawn soaking through his bones. He sat up almost immediately, his body an arc that sagged too deeply at the ends. He wiped his eyes, rubbing the sleep from them. Today was a day where he’d slept with pain in his chest and it had sat there all night, coagulating into something that sucked the life from his eyes but not the smile from his face.
He’d first served them to a drunk, a man nothing like the one he’d fallen in love with. Tony didn’t go a day without being angry, without hurling insults or screams. There had been countless promises of getting sober, all of them dashed in less than a week.
“Figure—” Tony cut himself off, blinking up at Steve.
Just like that, his cheeks were pink again. “Yeah, thanks.”
Tony’s eyes were soft. “I just wanted to say that…I mean, I know it doesn’t mean much coming from me, but I’m really proud of you. You, uh, you look happy.”
But as he rounded the front of the car, a shadow moved down the street. Tony had a good sense on gauging danger, and something in him snapped alert at the movement.
This would work out. Coming to the salad place hadn’t been in his original plan for the day.
Steve nearly jumped out of his skin at the sound of someone entering the dining room, but more so because he recognized that voice as Tony Stark.
“But I’m not approved,” Tony cut. “That’s the short of it.”
The pain in his head stopped.
He had been naïve when he agreed to Project Rebirth. He had wanted to fight the good fight and save the world and do whatever else it was that they plastered on those propaganda posters. Then he had gone overseas and learned what it felt like to have his teeth rattled by mortar fire, he had learned that turning German men into Krauts, Boches, and Germs made them easier to kill. He had seen rotting corpses of friend and foe, festered in the scent of decaying limbs and burning flesh and felt the tough fabric of enemy clothing as he searched bodies for ammo, weapons, food. He had looked into the eyes of men he had called his friends and saw them lusting for the kill and he had lusted with them.
It hadn’t been long before women—and men, after awhile—started coming out on their roof to join them. Bucky and Blaine mostly ignored them, talking to each other about sniping and discussing war politics. They were fast friends, just as Steve had known they would be.
Now he sounded like an absolute prick. Not funny, not funny.
Steve nodded. He had already known that was coming.
“Tony?” Steve rasped, lifting his hands to rub his eyes. The IVs had been taken out, and the punctures in his arms already healed over.
Tony’s eyes were glassy again, and he shook his head. “How about I call you up once I’m done?”
And yeah, he had a dweeby little crush on the guy. It was impossible not to. And since Steve had come out in a hilariously formal (though Tony didn’t laugh) briefing that he was bisexual, technically he was actually fair game now.
Steve knew he was making the right choice. Ending this marriage before Peter had to experience the noises of a parent entering the house becoming the meat of his nightmares. The sounds of his father stirring terror within him the way that it had for Steve. And for Tony.
When he stood, he extended the letter.
Rhodey frowned. “Slow down, Cap. We aren’t going to hurt you. And I promise you’re going home after this. I promise you.”
He ran for the open field beside the apartment building.
He almost texted. Almost.
“Oh, yeah. Well…I think most of it is just me being selfish,” Steve continued with a dry chuckle. No, he was being completely and utterly selfish, ruining Peter’s day and causing drama by bringing Blaine, who would be seen as his date the entire time. “But I still…” His voice went quiet. “I still want to feel like I’m part of his family.”
They had to have been listening to his conversation. Steve didn’t mind.
That didn’t mean Steve didn’t have his demons. His regrets. That things didn’t scare him stupid in the middle of the night.
It didn’t take long to get Peter down. He woke up for a few moments to scowl, but one lullaby had him conked out in no time. Steve had JARVIS black out the windows and he turned on Peter’s heartbeat bear, though the bear was attached to the crib, not in it (Steve was terrified of increasing any sort of risk for SIDS). With a final kiss, Steve clicked the crib gate back into place and stepped out of the nursery where Tony was waiting for him.
Tony blinked, bringing the mic to his lips before he could think about it any further.
“Grace can’t be deserved,” the pastor said, looking out among the room. Steve had taken a seat in the back after entering late, trying to make his presence as small as possible. “The nature of grace is that it’s undeserved, but given anyway. Think of a time when you have been so in the wrong, when you’ve destroyed a relationship with someone—and many times we willingly make the choice to ruin this relationship!—and this relationship doesn’t have the slightest chance of being fixed.”
