I was pulled from my thoughts by Sherlock’s hand on my cheek. “Hey, come back,” he said. He placed Gwen in my arms, and then picked up Elinor into his own like he’d been born to do just that. He smiled at me, his wicked, gorgeous smile he gets when he’s thought of doing something genius (or insane). “Alright, dad,” he said, “let’s start the book.”
It took me three whole years, Little W, but that writing bug done bit me again. Take me or leave me, it seems that here I am.
Who the hell says “thank you” when they’re turning down an offer to go fuck? I wonder when I’ve even started thinking so brashly. I haven’t even thought the word “fuck” in years. It’s something about the air in this club, sweet and electric and hot. Buzzing.
Watson, in English, ostensibly so Freda cannot understand: “Fucking hell, Greg, trying to force her bone back outside her skin?”
He puts on a smile and tries again, hand awkwardly rubbing at the back of his neck. “No seriously, I just surfed there this weekend. I won the competition.”
She shakes her head and sits back silently in the wooden chair while I make us both a sandwich. I feel more connected to her in the long, quiet moments. She don’t tell me much while we eat, just mentions that she thought to come up and see me when she read somethin’ in the paper the other day and how Kurt’s gonna come back next week and interview for a job in town at the new butcher shop so he can spend more time at home.
“You know, it could be like this,” he says. “Always.” His voice is brittle and soft, like if tissue paper was made of thin, thin glass. I can feel him holding himself steady in the air, like if he moves a muscle I’ll leap up and run. “You and me together. Could get one of them ranches out off the beaten path, have ourselves a little cow and calf operation.” He looks over at me out the corner of his eyes. His fingers are tapping something wild on his thighs. “Would be a real sweet life.”
He distantly realizes the two announcers are still babbling about their predictions for the waves and the heat when the airhorn blares unexpectedly, startling John and starting the heat with an awkward anticlimax. John thinks he hears his competitor mutter “idiots” under his breath as they both jog towards the waves and throw their boards down into the water to a fresh roar of applause, pushing and pulling at the small shoreline swells until they can reach the wide open blue. John tips the nose of his board down and duck dives under an incoming wave, losing himself to the sensation of the current ripping and writhing at his body. When he surfaces, though, he nearly curses out loud. The ocean looks like smooth glass – not a ripple in sight. The sounds of the crowd have long since faded, even the booming of the announcers disappearing up into the clouds. All John can hear is the soft trickle of water droplets falling off his arms as he paddles. That and the smooth, even breathing of the man ten feet to his right.
Then he leans into the mic. “How do I feel after my first Olympic Gold?” he repeats, still breathing hard, the faintest French accept slipping out, as if he can’t even help it. Then he grins. “I feel famished. I should not have skipped breakfast.”
You got your learning and your smarts and your humor. You’re the bright light leading the world into the future, and we’re just the past. It’s as it should be. I’d pick nobody else on this here earth to be leading the planet into the future except you, I’ll have you know.
In reality, though, my stomach’s in knots thinkin’ about him sitting all alone in a trailer somewhere on Christmas, knowing he’s still got three weeks to wait until our trip up here and with nobody but the Formica table to talk to. I know he don’t see his family more than once a year on Easter – he’s told me. So now I’m stuck in a cabin where I should be happy as hell but feeling like my lungs are clogged with mud. And feeling that I’m black jealous of the fact he can go anywhere and do anything and afford a fancy bottle of wine ‘cus he ain’t just bought two brand new pink tricycles and a pair of earrings from the pawnshop.
A sudden cut to another timelapse shows the heavy sun setting behind the peaks. The lights of the ongoing ski lifts look like bursts of firework light traveling up and down the distant slopes.
John takes a moment to compose himself. All over again, the sound of James’ voice in his ear is doing something to his stomach—something wistful and tinged with pain, the mourning of a life gone past. Somewhere deep inside him, beneath the snow and the skis, his comfortable existence in nice houses and expensive resorts . . . there is a piece that misses the hot sand, the flap of the tent walls, the smell of runway asphalt baking in long, black smears. James’ voice yelling him awake at four in the morning. Terrible dehydrated meals. Dirt under his fingernails. Heatstroke and sponge baths and dust. An overwhelming, soul-consuming, unbreakable sense of
Greg reaches up his hand to stabilize the stretcher from swinging too wide. His eyes look wet. Behind him, Dom and Patrick have already continued shoveling again to try to find the patient. Elsa still barks deeper into the crevasse.
Sherlock blushes on his cheeks, then blinks hard and smirks. “Aren’t I supposed to look beautiful? I’m the bride in white, after all.”
“Fuck.” John looks down at Sherlock’s huge fingers wrapped around his cock. Looks at Sherlock’s wrist plunging over and over again into the water as he strokes John slow and deep. John swallows hard over another moan and closes his eyes, reaching back to grip again at the back of Sherlock’s neck.
But last night, John had slept obliviously on beside them as Greg stroked Sherlock’s hair, until Sherlock’s head rolled heavily in his palm. Greg had closed his eyes and listened to them both as shadows danced through the room.
and suddenly he understands deep in his bones. Lahela watches the thoughts play out across his face and nods, eyes serious.
They don’t say anything. John can feel Greg’s chest pressing the unfamiliar weight of Sherlock’s necklace against his chest, the wood already warmed by his skin. Greg thumps his back hard before stepping aside so Molly can jump in, wrapping her arms around John’s neck as he buries his face in her long brown hair. Sherlock steps up behind him, running his palm up the small of John’s back, and as Molly steps away John fears for a moment that everything will turn strained and uncomfortable – all four of them standing at the top of the path to the cliff without any idea what to say, the memory of Sherlock’s lips on his still burned into everyone’s mind.
At first, John is indignant and then concedes Gerald has a valid point and perhaps they should move this down to the sofa.
"No, look, it's fine," John says, staring at his glass, and shaking his head, feeling guilty for overreacting. "I'm just—before, with Sherlock, I couldn't have a life outside of—him. The two weren't compatible. And then when he was gone, and I met all of you, I thought, well—I'd let him dominate my life because I didn't really
Whitney has a wife and son in New Orleans, but he keeps a flat in the French Quarter where he takes his lovers. He keeps his lovers for more than one night but not longer than three weeks. It's also likely, or so the FBI and MI6 hope, that Whitney may store evidence of his criminal activities at the flat. Anything that Sherlock finds that might help them to dismantle the New Orleans branch of the trafficking ring is to be recorded and turned into Sherlock’s FBI handler, Emery Tate.
"You're a good man," she says quietly. "I know how much you love Gerald, how much it must hurt to be without him, but if you're in love with this other man then you need to
John shrugs because, yeah—after the confident dissection of the fight in Gerald's calm therapist-voice, John realizes how completely he overreacted.
comfortable with it, not then, not for a long while. Four months later, though, he can't stop thinking about it, about fucking Sherlock, pushing his way into that beautiful, smooth, delicious arse. It makes him hard just thinking about it.
had a flashback has really tapped out his body. John knows he'll call into work the next morning to stay home with Sherlock and keep an eye on him.
, tall, devilish man—I'm so jealous, you bastard. He is way out of your league. You know that, right?"
Sherlock finds himself completely unprepared as to what to say or do. When he imagined John breaking up with Gerald, his imagination skipped over the part where John was sad over his breakup
"That's half my job done, then," Dr. Reed says with a laugh. "Is there anything specific you want to work on during our phone calls?"
Sherlock obeys, and John cradles the injured thumb gently between his fingertips. Despite his annoyance, he cleans the wound gently, or as gently as he can, but Sherlock groans and starts shifting around in his chair. John snaps, "
about anything else when I'm around you, and you prance around like the little trollop you are, and I
Sherlock, feeling lighter, but still deeply touched, ducks his head and swallows back the emotion that threatens to overwhelm him. It was illogical to assume John felt otherwise, and yet Sherlock had, spending the last month feeling like a cold, distant moon orbiting a bright star, never getting closer, just spinning uselessly around.
Sherlock does as he's told, and he actually dozes off while waiting for John. John has drenched the oats in butter and plenty of sugar. It tastes like heaven to Sherlock. John sits with him while he eats and then forces him to drink a large glass of milk. Sherlock is drowsy enough to fall asleep on the couch but John helps him to the bedroom.
“Do you need a drink, Blaine?” Sherlock purrs, stalking towards Blaine with predatory ease. “A little Dutch courage, perhaps?”
"—poor niece, she were pregnant when he got sick. She were his favorite and same on his end. It was just back pain, and we thought he'd pulled a muscle. Finally, his doctor gives him a scan, and tells us it's lung cancer! That were six months ago, and he's been dead two—"
Mycroft moves into the sitting room, out of their sight, and John feels the tension drain out of Sherlock before he bustles both of them to their bedroom, dragging John on his tiptoes. Inside, Sherlock locks the door and the two of them stare at each other. Sherlock's chins multiply as he starts laughing—John snorts and then they collapse on the bed in a fit of hysterical giggles. When they're able to speak again, John says, "I'll never be able to look Mycroft in the eyes again," and Sherlock spits in abrupt laughter, setting John off again. Finally, John says, "I can't stop laughing with you here—go to the bathroom and get cleaned up. I'll go after you." Sherlock leans over to give him a noisy smack of a kiss before he goes.
"So," Greg says, smirking. "You two, then?" and Sherlock says, "I'm sure I don't know what you mean," at the same time that John says, "Yeah, finally," his warm-sand skin burning red along his ears, and chest, and Sherlock feels a possessiveness so strong, however unwarranted, that he takes John by the elbow, and whispers in his ear, "I need to talk to you." John gives him a look of puzzlement, but acquiesces, and Sherlock almost drags him to the bedroom, aware of Greg and Mycroft's eyes (especially
"Your therapist called me, said you weren't answering your phone!" John shouts, even though Sherlock's ears are about three inches from John's mouth.
Sherlock has a nightmare that night, and John wakes to Sherlock screaming his name. John hears a clatter and a thump, followed by stomping that sounds like Sherlock running for the stairs. John beats him there, clonazepam in hand. When John asks what happened, Sherlock shakes his head, but he looks haunted, and keeps a painful grip on John's arms. After the barbiturate does its job, John moves to go back downstairs. Sherlock’s eyes widen in fear, and John stays. He falls asleep with Sherlock's hand gripping his bicep and a foot hooked over his legs.
They kept track of Sherlock's growth, in part because of John's curiosity, but also because Sherlock liked John to take out the notebook where he kept the measurements and read out to him how much bigger Sherlock was compared to previously. By the time Sherlock was a month old, it had become glaringly obvious that Sherlock could not stay in the flat for much longer. When he'd hatched, his head only came up to John's knee if Sherlock stretched it. He'd been six feet long, but now he was nine feet long and his head came up to John's waist.
good lover. The same aspects of his personality that drove him to take on the ruthless training to be a trauma surgeon as well as drove him into serving Queen and Country in Afghanistan are the same characteristics that make him good in bed – John loves a challenge and he applies the same surgical skill to taking a lover apart as he did in putting wounded soldiers back together.
"Oh, please don't have murdered him," John muttered as he raced into the sitting room. The scene he came upon there left him frozen in shock.
Sherlock's body is healing, but PTSD has him in a firm grip, and he always has a harder time of it on the days when John has to work. Sometimes, John will come home, and be greeted by a calm, confident Sherlock, only to watch helplessly as Sherlock gets slammed with a flashback an hour later, his terrified voice and the agony on his face leaving John awash in impotent rage towards the people responsible for Sherlock's suffering.
Sherlock can’t answer because his mouth is once again assaulted by Blaine’s. Blaine slides his tongue along Sherlock’s, then swirls it around, sliding out, sucking as he goes. Abruptly, he lets go of Sherlock’s tongue and body, leaving Sherlock stumbling.
Sherlock nods. He will not get up from this chair. He's not sure he can. John comes back into the kitchen holding a bundle of blue silk and carrying his desert camouflage med kit with the big red cross on it. He sets both down on the table near Sherlock. John takes the kettle, fills it with water, puts it on the heating coil and clicks it on.
John grimaced at Sherlock's bloody snout and turned quickly to the refrigerator to pull out another container. Sherlock attacked this one with the same greedy enthusiasm. Suddenly, he sneezed right into the bowl. He yanked his snout out and shook it, slopping chunks of pureed chicken livers and drops of blood all over the table and the floor. John dropped his head into his hands and groaned.
"Oh my God," John muttered. He turned himself around so at least he wouldn't have to watch Sherlock watching him. Once he was down to his pants, he hesitated. "I'll have to put you in first, okay?"
Sherlock is struck momentarily dumb, stunned by the way he has been relegated to the same realm as that type of desperate woman who reads articles in ladies' magazines with titles such as
Two and a half months after the press conference, Rebecca asks John to meet her for a pint when she gets off work. She's trying to talk John around to going to the  party celebrating the birth of Olivia and Bernie's son, but John is nervous about how he'll be received by Gerald and doesn't want to show up at such an important event if it will cause any awkwardness or draw attention from the main event—that being the little event himself, Milton.
As soon as John gets home, he jumps in the shower and then gets dressed for the party. Unlike their usual get-togethers, his group of friends are having an early night now that Bernie and Olivia are mothers of a newborn. Rebecca said anytime between seven and eight, but right before he walks into the Baker Street station, he says
John, it turns out, needs no reminding. He yanks the condom off of Sherlock's cock, flicks it onto the floor, and then takes it in hand, his thumb and forefinger teasing Sherlock's foreskin. Sherlock's toes begin to curl, and his arse clenches, while his hips try to thrust his cock into a nonexistent hole. John sits back on his knees, tilts his face up to the ceiling, exposing the whole long column of his throat, and his thumb and forefinger go up, down, up again, and
"You need a shower," he says, but doesn't immediately move. His eyes stay closed. "Let's get those stitches out and then get you into the shower. I'll shave you and by the time Gerald gets here—" at this he groans, dropping his hands from the back of Sherlock's thighs and sits back on his heels "—you'll be ready for a smoothie and anything else I can get you to eat and then I'm gonna drug you and put you to bed."
Sherlock was trying to tell him that whatever Gerald gives John, Sherlock can give it, too, because he was counting on having John's full attention when he came back. He was counting on the security and comfort that John has always given him.
Sherlock's face is beginning to look hopeful, which fertilizes a knot of growing dread in John's stomach. He
John's bones seem to melt, and he collapses on the bed next to Sherlock, facing the headboard so that they're looking at each other. Sherlock scoots over to make room for him. "I was worried about you," John says softly. "I fucked up last night, and I thought perhaps you'd—"
"Oh, bloody hell no!" Gerald says, laughing. John likes Gerald's laugh. It's open and full-bodied, not at all self-conscious. "No, that's an absolute hard limit. I've never slept with anyone I've been a Dom for. My sex life is almost boringly vanilla."
John groaned in exasperation and covered his face with his hands. Having someone else in one's head made it difficult to carry on a conversation.
"Last rule. I'm not just responsible for your injuries, I'm responsible for your health. Do you understand the difference? Don't roll your eyes at me. That means you eat when I tell you to eat, and you sleep when I tell you to sleep, and if I say I have to stand in the bathroom and watch you take a piss because I want to make sure it's coming out the right way, then that's what I'm going to do."
John looked at Sherlock's egg then back at Mycroft. Then back at the egg. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I really should follow Mycroft's advice. He knows what he's talking about."
"I'm so sorry, Sherlock. I was so overwhelmed. You'd been dead for eighteen months and then there you were, needing to be patched up, needing
themselves, because once you slap it on, you have to carry it around with you forever. World's Only Consulting Detective is about as much label as he's willing to carry).
. The bar isn’t a gay bar, as such, but it’s known as a place to hook up with other men, and the average age of its patrons is thirty-nine. Since Blaine doesn’t go for young men - too prone to sentiment, too unpredictable - Sherlock doesn’t even have to fake a different personality.
"Well, yeah, that's true," John says with a grimace. "But that doesn't change the fact that I'm in love with you. Also, I kind of maybe threw that in there just to make the point that you're always sticking your nose in everything. Besides, I always choose you in the end, don't I?"
There's silence for a moment before John starts sniggering. Gerald pinches his nipple in retaliation.
texts from Rebecca. He says the same thing, but a little more firmly and turns his phone to vibrate. It sits in his pocket, buzzing angrily until, miserable with frustration, John stuffs it down between the seat cushion and arm of his chair.
"When you tried to burn the notebook, and I hit my knee and we joked about him being jealous even in death."
John would've put his head in his hands if he wasn't being held down by a clingy dragon hatchling. "Sherlock, cuddling is generally something two people do together."
Gerald chuckles. "I'm a therapist, remember? I've always been that way, the person my friends and family come to when they need to talk. I think it's because I have an open face and an unthreatening personality. People can tell I'm not going to judge them or try to fix them."
"Oh, and don't you know, all those pictures of ugly babies people have shown me over the years and I thought,
deal with John right now. So he lies and tells John Mycroft put him on a case in Denmark and he'll be back on Sunday. Then he packs up a few things and heads to a bolt hole in Camden.
"What's his name?" she asks, but when John opens his mouth and starts shaking his head, she interrupts him. "Never mind, forget I asked. Look—do you love this man?"
Could you recapture memories without approaching them directly? Like remembering the dragon had been too big for the flat or that he was whiny—they were not specific memories. They were not anchored in a specific time and place—they were just things he knew. The spell didn't seem to mind so much if he
Sherlock stiffens almost as soon as John lays his hand on the back of his neck. John's mind and body are moving slow and heavy with lust, and it seems like there's a moment when John could have stopped the flashback by removing his hand, but the time between realizing what he needs to do and executing the action might as well be none at all. John yanks his hand back, but he's already lost Sherlock.
"If giving him head only earns me a piece of toast and an egg, what on earth do you think would earn me an entire evening socializing with people, one of whom is my ex-boyfriend? On, and a baby!"
mention the shoes—and he will be very subtle about the way he introduces the topic of John's virility to soothe his troubled ego.
John went out first, hoping to avoid glimpsing too many naked bums, but Sherlock skipped ahead. John resolutely kept his eyes above Sherlock's neck. They ended up in a large clearing far away from the house.
With that, John turned and headed towards Mrs. Hudson's door so he could take back his surly dragonet and give him a cuddle.
"That I'm so sorry. That I never could have guessed that Sherlock was still alive." John stops, pulls his hand out of Rebecca's and rubs it against his forehead, agitated. "The thing is, Becca. I
Technically, John was shouting at Chatsworth and not at Sherlock, but in his mind he felt the painful withdrawal of Sherlock's own mind. John moved to lay a comforting hand on Sherlock's head (which now reached chest high on John) and explain himself better, but Sherlock flinched out of the way and carefully maneuvered himself around John and out to the sitting room, where he curled himself up as small as he possibly could and continued to watch TV as though nothing had happened.
"Hold on," Chatsworth said and, without warning, shifted back to human, leaving John bent over and retching.
"Dammit, John! He was my prime suspect and I was in the process of trying to gather information for the case!"
Sherlock peed, providing a running commentary in his fascination. "John, look! Look!" (John didn't look). "
"Well, my clients are referred by another client. There's reams of paperwork! My barrister writes it all up for me – she's a genius. It takes at least an hour to go over the paperwork.
Sherlock wakes in the backseat of a large SUV. His wrists are handcuffed in front and he's dressed in a pair of track suit bottoms and a t-shirt he doesn't remember owning, or putting on for that matter. There are flip-flops on the floorboard. He blinks and tries to get a look at the person—no, woman—driving the car. She's got ginger hair. She looks in the rear-view mirror, alerted by his movements.
Sherlock said, again with that need for reassurance that John felt hopelessly compelled to give. He wanted to soothe Sherlock—he
, John mouthed, and let his jaw hang open. Finally, he shook his head and sighed. He shouldn't have been surprised to find there was magic in the world. After all, it was magic that had given him Sherlock, and if dragons existed that could turn into humans then
A week after John gave Gerald a split lip, they go to a furniture store and John buys a new bed. When it's delivered, he has the workers move Sherlock's bed upstairs and they take away the old bed from the second-floor bedroom.
"You're here to tell me it's over," Gerald says, low and deep. John shivers, a Pavlovian response to the timbre of Gerald's voice—it's his Dom voice.
Inside, John is handed a bottle of beer. He can see the truth in what Gerald said about Sherlock and Cyril's insecurity in the guarded way Cyril hovers over Gerald, as though he thinks John's going to snatch him away.
Rebecca smiles, her eyes wistful. She reaches out and wraps John in her arms, her soft woman's body fitting against him in a way that feels strange after so long in a man's arms. John has hugged Rebecca on multiple occasions, but those were quick
For Sherlock, none of that matters. He's secure in his masculinity because masculinity has nothing to do with being straight or gay. And it certainly has nothing to do with wearing a pair of women's shoes.
Another memory came then, of a much smaller version of the dragon curled up like a cat in John's lap. Mrs. Hudson was there, wasn't she? Yes, she
and gingerly removes the wad of gauze between his arse cheeks. He needs to replace it but he doesn't know how he can get to the kitchen and find the gauze without John noticing.
"You were in the army, so I thought you understood Dom/sub dynamics. I mean, that's all the bloody army is—one person giving the orders and another person either following the orders or
Finally Sherlock licks his lips and cracks open one eye, staring up at John through the thick and drifting sunlight.
Interviewer: “And it’s true you were a doctor in the British Army before, yes? So you’ve seen some action there, to prepare you for these high stress moments?”
John hums as he paddles out into the waves behind Sherlock. They’re skirting just to the side of the main break of the waves along the deserted beach they’d driven to at the very edges of the Banzai, swimming out smoothly towards the slowly setting sun.
“Come on, Johnny, you owe us some hang time,” he says, wrapping an arm around John’s shoulders. Sherlock wants to cough. Loudly.
He held the torn and faded photograph in his quiet ten-year-old hands as they drove while his younger brother asked every fifteen minutes whether they could stop to find a Dairy Queen for a frostee. He closed his eyes and leaned back against the hot leather seat and imagined what the water near Pearl Harbor would sound like crashing against the shore, with the wind in the palm trees and the crystal blue waves and the way the soft, warm sand would feel different than prairie dust against his bare toes. Imagined a velvet beach covered in a blanket of shiny white pearls.
Scotty smiles over at him quickly, the expression a little stiff on his face, then turns back to the uneven road to focus. John can feel that something is off between them. Too wired and tense and frantic. It dawns on him as Scotty navigates them through the narrow dirt roads that he knows more about Scotty Holmes right now than he ever has by a landslide. That Scotty’s lobbing the answers to his unvoiced questions right back at him one after the other. And yet in the same moment he feels the air between them like a cold, endless draft. The little pulse, the little flicker, is gone. They’re both trying too hard. The problem is John doesn’t know what he’s even trying for in the first place. To be buds? Rivals again? The life saver and the life savee? Two people who happen to surf together? Casual strangers?
John purposefully pushes away the thoughts threatening to drown him and focuses on the steady ebb and flow of work, the push and pull of working muscles, the breath and pulse of the docks. He lets the memory of Scotty Holmes’ fingertips on his wrist fade into a distant memory – melding with his dreams from the night before under the heady opacity of the unreal. It isn’t until nearly three hours later, as he hoists one end of a steel rod over his shoulder and heaves it across the dock following the man in front of him, that John suddenly realizes that tomorrow morning will be the first morning in over two years where the person he meets down in the pre-dawn sand won’t be Greg Lestrade.
John swallows. Tries to stay standing through his intense rush of relief, mixed with a horrible, stabbing guilt filling his stomach like cubes of ice. Greg doesn’t move. He looks old. Tired. The angles of his face too thin.
“Well shit,” John breathes as he looks out at the wave-less water. He perches on his board and tries to count the minutes in his head. Each second that ticks by without a swell feels like another chance at going pro is slipping effortlessly out to sea, just out of the reach of his fingertips. The only benefit of waiting there like a sitting duck is the fact that
Today is Saturday. The day I should feel thrilling and excited and alive. I should have been waiting inside pacing the halls since lunchtime – waiting for the moment when they call my name and tell me it’s my turn for Time. All day I should have been dreaming of how it feels to walk across sturdy ground. How it feels to run with the wind in my face and feel the earth underneath my smooth hands.
Sherlock pauses, and sees this too, because he sucks in a quick breath, reaches out his hand for John’s arm, starts to open his mouth . . .
Then, he jumps, and his hand shoots to his uniform pocket. He pulls out a mobile, swiping open the screen. The camera stays still as Watson reads whatever message has just come through, and a warm smile suddenly glows across his face. He looks quickly over his shoulder, then types out a short message and slips the phone back into his pocket.
Sherlock smirks and rolls his hips languidly, rubbing his heavy balls slowly up and down John’s erection, causing him to shut his eyes and moan.
His smile explodes over his face, the wind whipping his cheeks, the delicious burn in his sprinting legs as he flies across the wet pavement and freezing pockets of snow, and it isn’t until he’s an entire building away that he realizes he can’t hear John running beside him. He can’t hear John’s footsteps, or John’s breathless laugh, or John’s curses.
John blinks, and his eyes stay closed, and he’s suddenly back on his first day in the RAF Academy, standing at attention for Wing Commander Sholto, sweating with nerves, and opening his mouth to say “yes sir” and instead mortifyingly letting out, “
Sherlock swallows hard and stares out the window, letting wind blow his curls into his eyes. He starts to reach into his pocket for his sunglasses, then freezes, feeling that somehow, in some way, that would ruin everything.
John lets out the breath in his lungs in a rush and lunges forward across the gear shift to kiss him, clutching hard at Sherlock’s shoulders. It’s the only way he can think of to tell Sherlock Holmes that he didn’t meet him for the first time on that pier. That he met him somewhere deep in his soul from the moment he opened up his eyes to blink groggily at a white hospital ceiling and realized he wasn’t still dead in the blood-soaked foam, left to sink in the waters off Ha Long. John doesn’t know how to tell him any of that quite yet, and so instead he sighs into his mouth and caresses his soft lips with his own, tasting Sherlock’s words from the tip of his tongue. Sherlock’s kissing him like he thinks this is the last chance he’ll get, and the urgency in his mouth stings John somewhere deep in the pit of his gut.
John rolls his eyes and doesn’t even try to fight the grin on his face. “I don’t think I’ll ever get used to you reading my mind like that, ya fucking creep.”
Greg holds the back of Sherlock’s head with his hand and breathes a deep laugh. “It is amazing I put up with you.”
Sherlock is jogging towards him across the sand, eyes worried. John flops down into the sand and releases a shaky sigh, running his hands over his face and trying to hide his embarrassment.
I drive myself damn near insane stewing over it. I know he can read what’s on my mind clear as day, but the thought of bringin’ it all up only to have him agree with me is scarier than just keepin’ my mouth shut.
He’d looked at the waves out of his apartment window just the way he always used to before – watched them rush into shore and splash over the early morning surfers and afternoon children and evening lovers who waded out into the water off Hermosa. But the thought of grabbing his board and running out into those waves when he knew Sherlock was waiting for him never to return to Oahu had felt like wanting to take a sip of strawberry milkshake and instead getting a mouthful of sand.
THANK YOU to everyone who has lent your support during this fic! I continue to be really blown away by the response. You all are the absolute best, and now I never want this fic to end! To everyone who hasn't received a response to your comment yet on the last chapter, I promise a response is coming! I treasure every comment so much :)
“I know you’re sorry,” John whispers. “You’re alright.” Then, with a small grin, “And I’m sorry for calling you a nitwit and a fuck. You complete bastard.”
The silence is a bit tense, but Greg can’t complain about that as he navigates the backroads of the Village, avoiding ice slicks and puddles of slush. At least they’re all together, in the same place, with the same destination and goal—perhaps for the first time since they stood at the top of the stairs of the London flat, gear bags in hand and hoping to be on time for their flight. And while they aren’t talking or joking around, at least they’re not arguing. Greg forms a silent prayer of thanks in his mind, feeling a flutter of assurance that this idea was the right choice after all, and not the delusion of some out-of-touch old man trying to recreate the past. And then—
John shrugs. “To . . . to ask that. To ask me that. Everything that happened today, and just two hours ago you were afraid I was going to leave or some shit. I just . . . why now?”
John’s eyes flash a painful sadness before he nods firmly and tears his eyes away from Sherlock’s gaze, taking a deep breath before fully turning and meeting head on with the crowd. Sherlock watches as John walks away from him down the swarming stretch of shore. Stands frozen and alone in the sand as the lei of flowers is placed over John’s head, and photos are taken with him and Russell and O’Brien with their boards. He watches as John laughs and smiles and embraces every post-competition moment Sherlock usually despises. Watches as John floats with happiness at all the things Sherlock normally tries to escape from as soon as humanly possible without forfeiting the championship title.
Above the softly spoken instructions and the rustle of bags and supplies, the only thing we can hear is one person counting reps in a breathless, grunting voice.
Sherlock’s downcast eyes shift back to the course, and Greg’s chest tightens at the way his spine is curved, his arms curled around his stomach. “Well, anyway,” Sherlock mumbles in a flat voice, “I guess I have you to fact-check John’s chances, now. Tell me whenever I’m wrong.”
John waits for the stab of whatever terrible thought is coming: the guilt, or the horror, or the shame, or the disgust, the impatience or embarrassment.
“Probably could if you’d stay in one place for longer’n a job contract,” I say. “Why you still moving around so much after all this time?”
Her voice sounds just like he remembered it. Deep and fragile, gently lilting over the vowels like flower petals bending under the weight of a warm, soft breeze. Sherlock doesn’t even know what comes over him. He blinks hard, letting the sight of her sink crisply into his vision, not fading away into a ghost. Then he walks forward and lets her wrap him in her arms, feeling her thin bones under his hands as she stretches up on her toes to reach her arms around his bent neck and shoulders. Her long braid rests against his cheek – the same way she’d always worn it for the five years that she had made his lunches and sent him off to school and held ice to his cheek all the evenings he came home with bloody noses or black eyes.
The entire stage looks like a rainbow tornado tore through the studio with a politically-correct vengeance. Rainbow flags flutter from the ceiling, a rainbow blanket adorns the Ikea couch, rainbow flowers fill the fake ancient Korean vase, and a horrifying photo of him and John, their lips a centimeter apart, their eyes smiling and wet, is plastered across the HD screen with the words “Love Wins the Gold!”
“Was it also a coincidence that you lit up like a smitten schoolgirl when Greg walked towards you in the sand?”
John feels the sun hit his face. Despite everything, despite the sick feeling in his stomach, the ever-present knowledge that Sherlock is somewhere on that mountain, possibly humiliated and alone . . . warmth seeps through John’s jacket to his bones. Greg trusts him. Knows that John can handle anything, even the horrors of Rick Jordan. They share a quick, imperceptible smile, which John hopes is invisible to the camera, and John gives the tiniest nod. If anything, he could use the distraction. Something to stop him from flinging himself on the nearest ski lift to the top.
“So, you’s the fishin’ buddy,” his daddy says. He looks at me like he’s smellin’ something awful. Everything inside the little farmhouse is off-white.
Right when Johnny is five feet from his hiding place, practically running now in the sand, Sherlock speaks.
do this? How could he give Greg Lestrade his fifth Gold, give him the world applauding at his feet, and not give him this last piece? The entirety of himself—his heart as a gift?
Words rush to his head and pour out of his mouth before he can think them through. “I’m sorry, John. You won and everyone was there and I didn’t want them to see you with me because they love you  -and I thought you would hang out with the other surfers, and I could wait here for an hour and see if you still wanted to go home with me, but I –”
Greg bites his lips, clenching his hands. He’s just about to ask Sherlock where he thinks John is when John comes flying into the stadium in a deep squat on the downhill curve, immediately heading for his shooting lane, past three skiers still actively taking their shots. The penalty loop is filled with four more making up for misses.
The lights in the room were off, and only the fire and the moonlight streaming through a window illuminated his skin, and I watched enraptured as he worked on the piece he claims he’s writing for practice but I really know is meant to try and somehow encapsulate the emotions he’s experienced since this all began. There’s a hopefulness to his notes, and a quivering anticipation, but it’s undermined by a gripping low hum of grief as his body slips further and further away from him, revealing the outer shell he worked for so many years to obliterate. The outer shell that made cocaine seem like the only option.
’ ever again, even if he really was dying on his hands and knees. All because he wouldn’t want Sherlock to find it at all inconvenient. And John would choke or pass out or die, and Greg would never get to kiss John Watson again, and it would all be Sherlock’s fault.
I cut him off. “Sherlock, I don’t wanna be like them guys you see around. Don’t wanna be dead. Tell you what, there was two guys ranched together back home. Names was Earl and Rich. Tough old birds but they was the joke of the town. One day my daddy takes me and Harry by the shoulders and drags us down the road to the middle of nowhere. Holds us by our necks and makes sure we seen what was in the ditch. Was Earl all beaten to death by a tire iron with his dick done cut off and layin’ next to his foot. For all I know my daddy’s the one who done the job.”
“Interrupting your training schedule, making you come in for this ridiculous interview you shouldn’t even have had to be part of, days before your Final, and then fucking saying, on fucking
Greg’s voice, firmly: “I am going back for everyone else at the base. We’ll bring every shovel and pulley. You all work on locating.”
“I cannot be running the interference,” Greg repeats, out of breath. “And it has only gotten worse since you kissed him.”
Sherlock whips around, nearly slipping onto his face on the ice, and starts to run back to where John is attempting to speed-walk through the snow. The flashlights of the guards are swarming the shadows as they give chase about one-hundred metres away, still calling for them to stop, to show some identification, to wait.
John’s just about to open his mouth again to ask what Sherlock wants to do for him in return when Sherlock suddenly slips off the board behind him back into the water, causing John to rise up further to the surface and scramble at the board to keep his balance. He watches as Sherlock’s naked body glides effortlessly through the water over to his board which had floated a ways away, cutting gently through the surface with his cupped palms and causing light, tinkling splashes to echo in John’s ears. Sherlock climbs up onto his board and paddles back towards John until they’re side by side, then straddles his board and perches beside John looking straight out at the horizon, his erection still rising proudly between his legs.
But then Johnny turns so that his back is to Sherlock, and takes a slow step back so his shoulders are just inches from Sherlock’s clenched chest, and any attempt to retain a hold on his usual, unflappable persona becomes instantly null and void.
This, then, is the story of how John Watson and Sherlock Holmes had a baby. I hope with the entire depth of my being that it has a happy ending.
I feel trapped by my own body. His lips caress mine again and I’m lost, eyes closed and heart hammerin’ as he gently kisses my lips, kisses just under my mouth, holding me there with him so I don’t fly away. I feel my body start to crumble, and he pulls me down on top of his chest like I weigh nothing at all. He holds me, caresses me. I ain’t never been held like that before in my life. His long fingers are in my hair, up my spine and the back of my neck, down the strip of skin behind my ear. I see my own hand stroking his cheek, his chest, the hair down the center of his stomach.
Interviewer: “I will be blunt and ask what possibly compelled you to do that? You’ve admitted you dislike –"
He was also typical Sherlock throughout the entire thing. Of course he had created a special spreadsheet in order to document the entire birth process, with an insane number of categories and parameters, and he relentlessly bugged me to fill it out, even when he could barely speak through the contractions. He also demanded I collect samples of every damn fluid that came out during the whole thing, so of course I did, with perfectly neat little labels at all.
to scale the side of a building and climb in through a window two separate times during these Olympics, but Sherlock won’t say he isn’t glad he already had a successful practice run.
To Greg’s surprise, Sherlock gives a serious hum. “It was the only positive moment of those Olympic Games for me, yes.”
On three occasions, Danilo makes Sherlock drink his own urine. There's the two days in a row he uses Sherlock as a human toilet. Being shit on is the worst. He isn't allowed a bath afterwards so he throws his clothes into the shit bucket and uses some of his drinking water to clean as much as he can so he doesn't die from
"I'll be back, dear one," John said gently. "But I can't have nothing to feed you when you hatch. The instructions are very specific about what you can eat."
Gerald puts the glass on the bedside table and crashes into the bed on his side. He throws an arm over John's shoulders. John turns his face to look at Gerald and they grin at each other.
"Sherlock Holmes! How dare you leave us behind to think you were dead!" She jerks her thumb in John's direction. "And
John takes him around to meet each person. Rebecca he already knows, so John introduces Rebecca's husband, Jasper. Then he leads Sherlock to the new mothers and Bernie—the dirty little thing that she is—murmurs, "My goodness. You're gorgeous enough to make me wish I was straight," in her posh voice.
John comes home carrying the scent of London with him, the smell of hospital, the Tube, blood, exhaust. He usually showers as soon as he gets home, but Sherlock prefers John like this—smelling of the city they love, the heartbeat they share—and from this moment on, the memory of this, their first
When the MI6 analysts come to debrief Sherlock the day after they arrive in Belgrade, Mycroft chases them away with what can only be described as threats of bodily harm and personal destruction. They scatter like cockroaches in the light and Sherlock can't help but laugh. It's the first time he's laughed in months.
John gets a chair from the desk and brings it up right next to Sherlock's. He sits down and lays his hand on Sherlock's left forearm and squeezes it gently and Sherlock feels his defenses breaking down. He opens his mouth to say something like
John holds his gaze, his nostrils flaring. Then he blinks a few times and looks down at his hands. John's hands, Sherlock notes, are steady.
"Yeah," John says, stripping out of his dusty, sweaty clothes. "I'm gonna hop in the shower. You can go next, okay?"
Sherlock feels John move to the bedside table and click on the lamp. He knows it's a lamp and it means light and that he should open his eyes, but he can't yet.
There before him was an egg—a very large egg, roughly eight or nine inches in diameter at its apex and curving to, John guessed, eighteen inches or so. Everything but the top third of the egg was hidden within its woolen nest.
Sherlock nods, and John sets the Transition Time countdown to twenty minus zero minutes and counting.
"Yeah," John says, thinking about Sherlock's arse, pale and plush and begging to be bitten. He licks his bottom lip, and then bites it. Shakes his head, trying to shake off the image. "I mean, no, I can't stop you."
John rolled his eyes. "Oh, Lord, I'm guessing every time I want to go out and have a pint with friends or go on a date, I'm going to have a fight on my hands?"
It gets harder as Sherlock watches it and he wants to shut his dressing gown, but one hand is on John's shoulder and the other clutches the back of the chair. Sherlock quickly decides John witnessing his erection is worse than falling, so he grabs both edges of the open front of his dressing gown, and grips them together in his hands, one hand above his waist and the other at crotch level.
The subtle wrongness of it all builds in his chest as they continue to drive, Scotty pointing out facts about the island here and there in quick, unemotional words and John left trying to absorb it all. After over an hour Scotty pulls off the winding road and parks, ending his explanation of a new flower that was recently discovered on the mountain towering behind them. The silence without the revving engine is deafening. Neither one of them moves to get out.
The midwives came back in just now, and we whispered over our plans. They thought it best to let him sleep through some of his contractions, allow his body to relax again, and then we’ll wake him up and get us both in the bath. Sherlock’s nervous about that part, he told me last week. The part where other people will see his genitals, see all of the parts between his legs. But then I reminded him that they wouldn’t be looking at him, they would be looking at our daughters emerging out of him where they’ve been kept safe. That did us both a lot of good.
I realize with a shock that I had no idea that was my nurse’s last name. I don’t even know her first name, now that I think about it. She’s never told me. None of the nurses have. My nurse nods, and suddenly a wheelchair appears by my side, as if it emerged from thin air. My blood runs cold.
Sherlock huffs out a laugh, short and harsh, as he pulls his own shirt over his head. “Obviously not.”
Sherlock had kissed his forehead once, twice, three times. Imprinting the feel of his mouth onto John’s skin, and then they’d each stepped back with forced, harsh movements. John hadn’t had time to shower, and they hadn’t had the air for any more words. John had dressed and gathered up his things like a ghost roaming through the halls, feeling like the house was abandoned and empty even with him and Sherlock still standing right in the middle of it. He hadn’t allowed himself a final look out towards the sea. If he’d looked it would be admitting he might never get the chance to see it again.
John inhales. Exhales. Puts his hands on the railing next to Greg’s. Remembers that halfway across the world there is a soul who knows that John Watson loves Greg Lestrade, too.
“Er, well, you know.” He shrugs. “It’s good weather. It’s a good course. I feel honored to compete with the other athletes here. They all deserve it.”
Thank you, as always, to P for the translations. She gives this version of Greg such depth and personality.
John stares straight ahead, taking the final minutes before the air horn to study the rises and falls of the water. Trying to plot out the surf breaks and find the best pathways to catch the smoothest barrels. Trying desperately not to think about Scotty Holmes’ tongue down another man’s throat. He forces air slowly into his lungs and gradually feels a calm start to wash over him. The familiar meditative state of watching the lungs of the ocean rise and fall in beat with the earth. It’ll just be the two of them in this heat – no fighting with a whole group of other surfers for the best waves. Whoever wins gets 10,000 more circuit points, a fat pocket of cash, and the ability to say they made it to a second round qualifying heat of a major international surf competition.
Sherlock’s grin widens, and he shuffles closer to John in the bed so that they’re chest to chest, nose to nose. John imagines he can hear the sound of Sherlock’s heartbeat thrumming into his skin, in time with the steady beat of the waves onto the wet shoreline just outside the quiet hut. Golden rays of dawn light slowly seep in through the windows, illuminating Sherlock’s tan skin into glowing, sunlit warmth. John feels like he’s embracing the sun itself.
The midwives are coming back in. It’s time. I’m about to hold Sherlock as he pushes our daughters into the world, and then he’ll sit in my arms as we both become dads, as he holds our little girls tight against himself and sees the beautiful thing we’ve made.
John laughs, turning to lead him forward towards him by the bed. “Yeah, no shit. I thought you were supposed to be a genius.”
It sounds like a question, and John takes a moment to clear his throat, his whole body thrumming with the need to hug him, to pull him close—
He’s calling to me now to come swim with him (whining at me is more like it), and I’d bet my life savings that he’s stomping his adorable foot like an impatient child beneath the waves as I hold up a certain special finger and tell him to wait like an adult. But of course I’ll drop everything and go swim with him. Of course I’d swim with him across the entire ocean if it meant he’d keep saying my name, keep letting me rest in the warm, safe place beside his body. Keep showing me home.
“He isn’t right in the head,” the bartender finally says. “All that time in here when you’re still alive in the World – it does shit to you. He ain’t right.”
We watch from a camera in the ceiling of the helicopter as Watson and Patrick slowly push the stretcher carrying the zipped body bag into the back of the chopper. It is a scene we have seen multiple times before in the series, but every other time, the alive patient would be blinking up at the camera, or moving their lips to speak.
“Apparently not when you’re involved,” Sherlock says. His mouth is dry, heart thudding—is this how other skiers feel at the starting gate? Is this how he felt the first time he ever laid eyes on Greg? The second after he raced to the bottom of that mountain to see John on his monoski, smiling, even as he screamed at Sherlock that he could have died?
them—how they can automatically be on the same page about everything every second of the day. How they can just look at each other and
Interviewer, clearing her throat: “Right, well, this work you do tracking down patients in avalanches, can you tell us a bit more about your process – ?”
The rescuer, Holmes, sucks in a breath and quickly looks up. Barely visible through the crack thirty meters above his head, a sliver of sky can be seen, with another man being lowered from a hovering helicopter on a winch, swaying dramatically in the fierce winds.
John shoots Scotty a look that says what the hell was that about, and Scotty merely shrugs. “I rigged up his cash register for him a few years back, made some improvements.” It’s the most anticlimactic explanation John’s ever heard. He’s also never seen someone bear hug another human being over a cash register. But Scotty turns back to get their food, leaving John alone with his questions. Scotty silently hands him a bowl made of banana leaves once John’s sitting on a wooden bench overlooking the ocean by the road.
Greg curses under his breath beside him, his composure gone, his body half-leaning over the rail as if he could join Sherlock on his very skis, his feet right behind him, pushing him forward.
The quick, sidelong glances in the locker room afterwards—the ones that made John’s hair stand on end, and made him keep his gaze rooted down to the ground instead of on any of his changing competitors—the scattered whispers in the corners, and the cold stares—that had all been real.
Greg leads them out to a more secluded spot, up just high enough on a bluff that they can see the whole event stretched out before them like a colorful mirage. John marvels again at the sheer volume of it all. It seems to him like this whole surf scene suddenly appeared overnight. One day he was catching his last wave on a completely empty stretch of beach before boarding a Navy vessel, and the next day he was stepping off that same boat and waking up in the back of a station wagon to see an entire beach plastered with people wanting to watch a real, organized surfing competition. It seemed absolutely insane to him then, and it still feels surreal even now.
Distantly, through the walls, we hear some of the guys burst into a chorus of laughter back in the hangar. Watson takes a deep breath. He looks separated – alone.
Greg clears his throat and runs a hand over the back of his neck. “Well, in the spirit of admitting things. . . Fuck, I feel like this is the shittiest thing to say to you.”
John reaches out a hand to card through Sherlock’s sweat-matted hair. He’s silent for a long moment, feeling the curls in his fingers, and Greg tries to banish the image of Sherlock lying motionless in the snow from his mind because he is here, now, warm and moving against his chest.
It’s the way he came home one day, his first day back from visiting with Greg even though he’s still tired and recovering, and his eyes were alight with little sparks, and he reached out of his bag and handed me a beautiful frame of wood carved to look like honeycomb with a photo of me and him in Spain inside – a selfie we tried six times to take sitting wrapped in a blanket on the beach, my hand resting atop of Sherlock’s belly, and his eyes looking down at me like he can’t believe his luck.
John’s hand doesn’t leave Sherlock’s thigh. “I just mean – I’ve wanted this, to win something like this, since that first day Greg told me about the surf scene after I came back from the war. Going to work every day and surfing with him, every smaller competition back home, this is all I thought about.”
I want to take his hand and ask him to take me home and let me know his body. Say “let’s just have this ten hours or whatever we have left and enjoy each other. Just enjoy.”
He held my face in his hands. He looked like an entirely different man from the man who looked down at me in that motel room two towns away from Signal—wild and desperate and tinged with reckless fear. His jeans pushed down around his hips. His wide eyes on mine.
Sherlock catches Greg’s eye knowingly; he’s thinking the same thing, unless Greg has entirely forgotten how to read the frown lines around Sherlock’s full lips, or the shadow across his eyes. Greg gives Sherlock a nearly invisible nod, even as he brushes his thumb across John’s jaw, and they share a quick, deep look which he wonders if John is pretending not to see.
, he tells himself. Because he’s spent two years with one foot still out the door, wondering when he’ll have to burn everything and leave, start all over again, and yet there’s nowhere else on earth he would rather be than standing right here. He knows that now. Unequivocally. Not even his deepest fears can hold any water against it.
of that twist across John’s grimacing mouth, at the delicately held balance that made up the carefully rigid line of John’s spine. How Sherlock’s mind had buzzed, how his fingers had itched to catalogue every inch of this soldier’s tightly-covered-up skin.
Little one, one day I’ll show you what I really do for the sheriff station. The stacks of letters I write and answer—because I think everyone in the state of Wyoming knows that if you want “Mr. Watson” to actually solve your little mystery, you still gotta use a regular old pen and paper. I can see you rolling your eyes.
“Sherlock,” I whisper, but he can’t hear me. He’s already in his truck pulling backwards out of the dirt and back onto the road, wheels revving up dust clouds into the bleak and airless sky as he drives back the same way he just came. It’s the only time he’s ever left me without saying “let me cut you out, John.”
The simplest name for a lightning bolt to have. The most unassuming. But Lord, it got me good. Held me tight for forty plus years in the closest embrace.
They’ve never hugged before. Not like this. John feels his body melt against Greg’s bones, breathing in the scent at the crook of his neck that he suddenly realizes smells like the sea outside his old little Long Beach seaside trailer, where his mom’s frilly waitress cap hung off the doorknob.
There’s music blaring out through the crack under the door next to where I stand all alone in the alley. Some eighties beat that hums deep in my veins, awakening a rhythm I thought had been lost forever just under the surface of my skin. I adjust the glasses sitting on the rim of my nose. Wonder why I even need eye glasses here – they told me I wouldn’t need them when I Visited. And anyway, isn’t that the whole point of coming here in the first place?
John sighs and looks back, resigned to hear whatever new wild excuse or explanation Scotty has at the ready – perfectly designed to goad and convince him into doing this stupid thing anyway. He raises his eyebrows at Scotty to continue.
“You know,” he finally says, voice low, “Sometimes . . . with all my little cases I like to solve, all those letters I send in to the police. . . Sometimes I feel like I’m watchin’ the world burn, right down to ashes, and there ain’t nothin’ I can do to stop it. I just gotta stand there helpless and watch it burn.”
And John hadn’t even minded that he’d grown hard all over again standing naked in a shower with Sherlock Holmes’ steaming, wet body behind him, rubbing up his back with his deep voice right in his ear. He’d let himself get hard and then turned so that they faced each other, Sherlock’s monolog grinding to a halt. They’d stared into each other’s eyes through the mist, neither daring to look away. Remembering the shower by the beach. Then they’d each given a silent
I cupped his wet cheek with my hand and turned his face up towards me. I looked into his eyes, opened my mouth as if I was about to say something desperately touching and important, and then purposefully let out the gigantic beans on toast fart I had been holding in for hours. Sherlock groaned, and rolled his eyes, and called me a heap of garbage, and then promptly forgot all about the uninvited curve to his belly and instead stalked out of the bathroom in an indignant huff, ready to carry on with his current case. Sometimes I manage to make myself useful.
Watson: “In the . . . in the helicopter. All I could think about was you. I couldn’t . . . what if he died because I was distracted? Because I couldn’t focus, I was too –”
When John finally does pull back, Sherlock looks incredibly small. Greg wonders how all his bones didn’t just snap into pieces on the mountain, littering the snow. John holds Sherlock’s face in his palms and looks into his eyes for a moment, his jaw shut tight, then he steps away and flutters his fingers into fists, taking a breath before he shucks off his coat and gently lays it on the counter.
John fishes out his phone and hands it over with trembling fingers. Greg snatches it from him, flicks it on, looking like he’s about to type into oblivion, then he freezes. His face takes on a carefully blank expression.
Sherlock’s wet lips travel across John’s chest, catching on a nipple ring and giving a hard tug with his teeth, before his tongue suddenly snakes its way around Greg’s ear. Shivers erupt across his skin, crackling and bold. Sherlock’s body is shaking from John’s hand tugging at his curls, and his rare erection rolls against John’s hip to the grunting rhythm of Greg’s soft moans.
The bright-eyed, fresh-faced NBC interviewer takes another step forward, oblivious to the horrified stares at his back. The rouge on his cheeks is two shades too pink. His cameraman follows, shoving the camera into the side of Sherlock’s face. Sherlock swallows down a harsh growl.
The new guard’s mouth drops open. “Wow, I . . . I never thought I’d ever get to . . . Is something wrong? Do you need anything?”
Walter shakes his head. “What—were you trying to impress that newswoman from before? Trying to get an ad deal for some . . . some charity for kids who get their legs blown off in plane crashes?”
John looks up at him, scrunches his lips together, and laughs. “You’re a genius,” he says. “Is there anything you
“We don’t,” John says, as if he’s guilty about it. Greg tamps down the sudden burst of brightness in his chest that at least Sherlock was taken by surprise by
because he wants to hear every speck of air as it leaves Greg’s mouth, just in case he whispers something in a molecule of oxygen which Sherlock won’t be able to hear over the moaning rush of the bloody wind.
Sherlock glowers back at the course as the sixth place time-trial finisher is announced, and the Canadian section of the grandstands cheers. “Well, anyway, Kuznetsov is only the favorite because of his fluke World Championship—”
It was broken. Dead on arrival. The part of the “J” in John’s name where the pen briefly ran out of ink while he stood leaning over a desk and signed his name on an enlistment form. The part of the “J” he never went back to try and fill in.
Watson, putting his hand on Holmes’ knee: “I was there with the military, as you know. And Sherlock was there with a climbing team as their route finder –”
, training completely draining ten hour days, and doing their own press and media circuit, and John would have still been out on his own mountain when they were done each night, and the cell reception was always shit, and they sent texts, didn’t they?
John shrugs, and the white room suddenly feels very hot and small. “He, er . . . he saw the piece. My piece. On the telly. Gave me up a call and we, well. He just wished me luck.” John turns to Greg. “He was the one who lead the search. I’d served under him for over ten years.”
Finally John had shaken his head and held Sherlock’s cheek in his hand, trying to talk over his own trembling lips. “Yes,” he’d said wetly. And Sherlock’s face had crumpled as he pulled John into a deep and groaning kiss, thumbs brushing softly over the tears falling silently from the corners of John’s eyes, moaning “Thank god” into his mouth.
He takes a step towards me, trying to place a hand on my shoulder. I flinch. “I know she was a little girl,” he says, hand still hovering in the air above my skin.
I can’t keep indulging myself with these silly little Visits here. Not when Catherine never got the chance.
“I was mentally preparing, which is just as important as physical practice. Your race was over. You could have—”
Nearly an hour later, once he’s wound his way through the miles of endless lines and check-in points, John peeks across the table at the old-fashioned paper list in the woman’s hands and sees that he’s one of only a handful of Paralympic athletes already there—just him and what look like the cross country racers and curlers, whose events are overlapping way earlier into the ‘normal Olympics’ block of time. The woman seated in her crisp Olympics uniform gives him a warm smile as she hands him his room key and information packet, practically beaming, as if she’s trying to make up for the fact that John’s the only one in line at the smallest check-in table, all the way in the corner.
Because something like last night happened, when I woke up at 2 am, and I saw the bathroom door cracked open with the light on. Sherlock was standing there naked with grey, tired eyes and frazzled hair. He was looking at himself sideways in the mirror, with one hand on the small of his back. The other rubbed slowly along the side of his pregnant belly, stopping when his fingertips just barely reached the front of his round curve, and then slowly moving up and over – a slow, repetitive circle. I could tell he knew I was there in the shadows beyond the door, but the only sound breaking the silence between us was the swish of his palm running along his skin. I looked at his body, really looked at it, and wanted to weep at what I saw. It was heartbreaking, and also so, so, so beautiful. How can the same thing be both? And so intensely?
Sherlock tries to calmly gulp in a breath, anxious not to show how much John really is constricting his airway, and he pretends that he is physically taken down in the middle of the night on a fairly consistent basis.
They drive to the beach in silence, passing by the sleeping city covered in a veil of slowly lifting darkness, fading from black into glittering silver. For one startlingly fierce moment John almost reaches his hand out and puts it on Greg’s leg as he looks out the window, watching the trees zoom by. He lifts his hand to do it, fingers itching to land on warm, soft skin. Then he remembers it wouldn’t be the leg he’s hoping to find. He covers up the movement with a cough.
when Kuznetsov is only twenty meters ahead of him, and there is still one-hundred and fifty meters of course left.
He clears his throat. “Uh, no. I work. I just. . . I do this. Too.” He nearly winces at himself. He sounds like a complete idiot. Like he hasn’t aged one day since the morning he turned fifteen.
He don’t even flinch when I crunch up behind him. Don’t say a word when I hand him the mug full of coffee, but he takes a long sip.
John looks at him with an unreadable expression, holding his gaze. Neither one of them breathes. Then John squeezes his hands one last time before letting go, turning back to face the sea and standing close enough for their arms to touch. John takes a deep, slow breath in, and Sherlock’s eyes track the rise and fall of John’s chest below the thin fabric of his own t-shirt.
We cut to Holmes in the hangar and wait for him to snap back at the question. But instead, shockingly, he sits there for a moment, seemingly deep in thought. Slowly, he raises one hand towards the white t-shirt beneath his unzipped uniform top, and he seems to stroke a finger over something hidden beneath the fabric over his chest.
Hot shame I haven’t felt in a long time fills my lungs. The same shame I used to feel whenever I said, “
me that that is what you wanted to do. I would have gone with you. But no, you just disappeared and I was—”
Tu es magnifique pour moi. Ça fait 18 ans que tu es magnifique pour moi. -- You are beautiful to me. You've been beautiful to me for 18 years.
With a laugh in my lungs I run towards where I need to go. Run like mad. Smile wide at the fresh air against my face and in my hair, and the way the ground feels so strong and steady beneath my feet. I run until I’m panting and breathless and sore. I run so that I can’t change my mind and go back. So that I won’t stop and regret it all and punch in the special code on my wrist that says: Shut me Off.
Sherlock shoves down three more bites, clearing half his plate in a handful of seconds, then pushes it away just as Greg downs the rest of his disgusting tea and slaps his palms on the edge of the table that way he always does when he’s about to stand up.
Then he realizes that he’s never felt safer in his life. It washes over him like a burst of fresh oxygen dripping down over every inch of his skin. It brings a watery smile to his lips as he closes his eyes, then he gasps as Sherlock’s large hand suddenly grips the base of his erection, pressing firm with his calloused fingers around his penis as his pubic hair ripples in the water.
John almost laughs. The silver light reflecting off the ocean covers Sherlock’s skin in gold like a glittering statue. The sight of him, statuesque and beautiful in the dim light of his kitchen, completely unashamed of his naked skin, makes John feel suddenly nauseous. Nauseous and angry as hell.
Because of course she was confused. No one wants to visit Union Hospital. It’s the only hospital left in the world where people go to die and not be cured. The last frontier.
Rick touches his earpiece again, nods, then speaks even louder over the applause as Sherlock appears on the screen, calmly scooting up to the starting gate.
Sherlock shrugs. His mouth is dry. “Because, you – I don’t want you to go through what I do. You don’t deserve that.”
“You know the days always used to run together here before. Like one giant, never-ending day with a few customers thrown in or a competition. And then this last month has felt two fucking years long.”
His voice is rough and deep, like he hasn’t used it in days. The sound of it makes John clench his stomach muscles as he feels his board rock underneath him. He’d half expected Scotty’s voice to be effeminate. A perfect embodiment of the walking stereotype Kip and Dean and the rest all painted so vividly for John back in the sand. He wasn’t expecting melted dark chocolate. The sound of a rich, thick wave slapping hard against a rocky shore.
Sherlock gave the card to me and walked away muttering something about sentimental nonsense, but I know he was as touched as I am, if not more.
John thinks as they walk in gentle silence that Chris is absolutely nothing like the man he’d been picturing. His name, and the fact that Sherlock somehow knew him in connection with being willing to perform a ceremony like this, meant John had been picturing some young New Age dude from San Francisco or New York, fresh in Hawaii with a string of fake puka shells around his neck, chanting something about Krishna like the parades of people he’d seen the last couple years in orange robes along the downtown LA streets.
But then, bursting through the desperate fog of John’s thoughts, like a ray of sun piercing through the thick, grey clouds, the crowd gasps.
“God, you,” John murmurs, just as Greg presses his prickly cheek to Sherlock’s shoulder, gently shaking his head.
Sherlock stays silent, but moves his hand closer to theirs on the railing, his fingertips reaching closer.
Sherlock smiles, gently lighting up the sadness that had settled in the corner of his eyes. He nods. “Noted, Captain.”
They both continue watching in stunned silence as John’s heaving chest starts to calm after a handful of seconds, pressed flush against the mat laid out on the snow. The trembling in his body fades, going deathly still as he aims.
How they’d been sitting out on their chairs on the porch, after-dinner beers in hand and watching the sunset like they did every night. How Sherlock had been plucking idly at his uke, thinking out loud through a new board design he was going to try out soon at the shop once he got the right materials shipped in. And John had sat there feeling lighter than air, letting Sherlock’s words wash over him like a soft blanket pulling him deeper into a heavy, relaxed daze.
“Dammit, Sherlock it’s time! We need you to do this, our daughters need you to do this. The fucking cases can wait, we need to start the birth now.”
I stand in a lamplit square near the alleyway where it all began – where for five glorious minutes last week I remembered that I was alive. A part of me feels hot embarrassment for hanging around, hoping for a glimpse of shadow moving through the golden, buzzing fog. He would probably pity me – the stranger in black. If we even got the chance to say more words than “after him!” and “don’t worry, he’s a criminal,” and “here, I believe you dropped these,” and “goodbye.”
And, well, “dating” feels like entirely the wrong word to use—for Greg or Sherlock, for that matter. It’s too . . . temporary. Too casual. As if John wasn’t one-thousand-percent sure about his choices when he specifically let those two people see the ruined, wrecked, mangled mess of his body without clothes for the first time, right after they’d both held him in their arms and kissed over his scarred shoulder.
Greg swallows hard in the foggy light. John follows Greg’s gaze up the terrifyingly steep course, then puts a hand on his arm, not even looking around first to check who might be able to see.
All I felt in that moment though was blackness. The void of my love’s despair drowning out any of the imaginary characters I could have created in my head to try and find humor, or hope, or reason.
Oh, God. Who’s crying, wiping his hand across one eye while smiling at John, beckoning him closer, calling out his name, and John wants to sprint to him—sod his leg—and crush both of them in his arms and weep along with them, kiss them, wipe the tears from Greg’s face—
Holmes, softly: “And then that specific soldier literally ran inside, with someone else’s IV bag of medicine in his hands, and asked if I was finally awake.”
Behind us, we hear a door quietly shut. The camera swoops around to a now-empty kitchen. Holmes’ half-finished mug of tea rests on the counter, next to his carefully removed mic.
Cut to Greg giving his interview from the pilot seat of a helicopter in the hangar: “My entire family, my father and grandfather, great grandfather, they were all mountain guides in the French alps. I have grown up with them – the mountains and the beauty of it. The adventure. But also . . . with the danger. The death. All of that, I have been exposed to. It is an accepted part of this world, and this job.”
John swallows down at his hands, his stupid pride from earlier quickly smothered. “And internal damage.”
“How can I be successful when a stranger over the phone informs me that John is being held hostage from receiving sponsorship deals unless I appear in a fucking interview with him?”
John wipes a cold hand across his face. “I have never, in all my life, seen you be so . . . so mean to someone. To the
Kip cuts him off. “But man he’s a miserable asshole, Johnny. Thinks he’s Jesus Christ or something looking down on all of us poor losers. And keep fucking far away from him out there unless you want him checking out your ass as you paddle out, sick fucker.”
John reaches around to grab Sherlock’s ass hard, causing them both to groan at the friction. Sherlock looks back down at John and feels a thousand words get caught in the back of his throat. He runs a hand slowly up John’s hard stomach, settling over his chest.
John curses. He starts to say something, anything to fill the suddenly awkward silence, but when he looks back at Greg he can only stare, his words gone. Greg’s wet lips are open, his eyes almost apologetic. Scared.
There is only Greg’s voice, quiet and thin, but Sherlock had still felt the pain hidden behind it, bravely, selflessly telling him in the dark, “
And he has thirty-two more missed texts from Sherlock and Greg, thirty of which appear to be various ways of demanding where he is, asking when he’s coming out of the locker room, asking what he wants to do that evening, etcetera.
Shock bursts across the stadium that it isn’t Vanko’s name sitting in third. The Russian fans cry out at the shocking loss of the Gold, even as Russian flags soar up into the air throughout the stands, almost unsure of how to celebrate the Bronze.
It took me so long to see this because Sherlock’s hands are almost always on his belly, rubbing or stroking or holding. Part of it is just simple balance, I’m sure. But I guess I thought he was starting to embrace it, to desire to feel the changes in his body under his fingertips and revel in the way his body was stretching and growing to protect our daughters inside.
To his surprise Elspeth chuckles softly and then shuts his door, almost gently. He realizes she's trying to minimize the noise for his over-sensitive ears. She gets into the driver's side and puts on the blinker, checks the mirrors before pulling back onto the road. Careful driver. Safe.
To John's astonishment and delight, Mycroft blushed a furious crimson. "Gregory," he said under his breath. Then he stood up and stammered, "I'll just—go. Get breakfast packed up, I mean," and he hurried from the room.
John bit back a chuckle. "Ah, yes. That's where one generally grows teeth. See?" John opened his mouth wide and tapped at his teeth.
Automatically, John's eyes flitted to the area of Sherlock's body where he would most likely find a penis and—yep—Sherlock had a penis, too. He quickly averted his gaze. If he told Sherlock he had a penis, who knew what questions Sherlock would ask next. A knock on the door saved him.
By the time the words were out of his mouth, Sherlock was already atop the counter peering around curiously. He lifted his tail up, coiling it in a corkscrew fashion. John noticed Sherlock's tail was never still.
"Sherlock," John says softly, shaking his head slightly as he sits on the bed next to him. He takes the box of condoms out of Sherlock's unresisting hands, and takes both of his hands so all four are wrapped up together. "I've never stopped wanting you, no more than I stopped loving you. In fact, I've had to remind myself many times of your injuries so that I could maintain the proper distance, not just as your doctor, but because you're always so deceptively self-assured. And then, also, like I said—breaking up with Gerald was hard, but it's not stopped me wanting you."
The shaft is four inches long, five and a half if you include the "engine" bit. It's roughly equal in circumference to three fingers, part of why John loves it so much. It fills him out nicely and the straight design means he's not likely to hit his prostate straight on when he uses it on himself, which would be too much stimulation to be comfortable. It has a fierce little engine on it, and Gerald has compared John to the vibrator many times, which always leaves John threatening bodily harm.
Sherlock continued to ignore John, the hissing beginning to morph into a growl in Sherlock's chest. It was a big sound coming out of someone so small. John began to fear that Sherlock would launch himself after Chatsworth. John had yet to see his offensive capabilities, but according to Mycroft even a dragon hatchling could do some damage.
Last night, he hadn't really paid attention to anything Sherlock was saying. His body, and therefore his mind, were entirely focused on what Sherlock was
Gerald brushes past him and moves to open the front door. John stops him with a hand on his forearm.
Sherlock has spent the last ten minutes rapidly coming to the conclusion that if he tells John he was raped then it will be months, many long months, before Sherlock could convince John he was well enough, emotionally and physically, for a sexual relationship. In fact, John would probably require a signed affidavit from a trained professional in rape recovery stating Sherlock was sufficiently over his trauma to give informed consent before he did so much as touch Sherlock.
The something interesting involves his microscope. Only, he finds himself staring into the middle distance, unseeing, his mind on John and this party. It occurs to him, quite belatedly, that if he truly wants to show John that he's sorry—not, not that he's sorry. To show John how much Sherlock loves him,
a life outside of him, you know? And then he came back, and Gerald and I broke up, and I had to lie to you lot, and
as you so quaintly put it," Sherlock says with enough scorn to melt Dr. Reed's face off. "John Watson is
With a deep sigh, John poured some milk from the carafe into the cup. He took a sip to test the heat level then handed it back to Sherlock. Sherlock took a cautious sip and then smiled serenely. "That's quite good."
"I'll make sure to point that out," John says with a snort, taking a drink of his beer, resentful of the disdain he knows Sherlock must have for this part of John's life, and how unlikely it will be for them to intersect.
"It's just, I thought maybe - since this was the first time - you might feel, you know," Gerald finishes with a frustrated groan. He turns his face into John's chest.
is a therapist because, other than the day after he came home, he refuses to talk to John about what happened in Serbia, and John knows for a fact that Mycroft has repeatedly broached the subject.
"Lie face down on the bed. Move towards the other side until just the tips of your toes reach the floor. Now, turn your face to the foot of the bed," Gerald says, his voice a little more clipped than it was. "Stretch your arms out towards the other side of the bed as far as you can. Perfect, John.”
Sherlock feels the bed dip as John sits down near him, and that makes Sherlock's face scrunch up with the effort to keep the tears at bay until he can be alone
Sherlock is now, finally, on his way to doing what he needs to do to get the target off his back and, therefore, from off John's back and everyone else Sherlock loves. Mycroft wanted Sherlock to hide out in the countryside, but he knew it was a lost cause before he even introduced the idea to Sherlock because Sherlock is more of a danger to John if he's left idle than if he's sent out to do something to help rid the world of the tangled web Moriarty spun. Besides, Sherlock is a valuable asset - he's the only person in the world who knows the way Moriarty thinks.
the night he came home, and his terrible blunder the next day when he told John he was in love with him.
John growled in frustration as he set the mug down away from Sherlock. He wrapped his arm around Sherlock's belly and yanked him off the worktop. Sherlock squawked in surprise, legs flailing uselessly through the air. John turned around and set Sherlock onto the kitchen table, keeping his hand on Sherlock's back, pressing him down so he wouldn't move. Sherlock turned his head and hissed at John.
of bed," but then Sherlock pulls his left cheek to the side, and circles a lube-coated fingertip over John's anus, and John thinks that Sherlock might not be the only one coming in his pants (that he's not wearing).
His chin dimples, like a child's, as a precursor to tears, and he looks so innocent in that moment, with his silly topknot, that John has to swallow a sob in order to speak.
"Shit." John was beginning to realize this was not going to be as simple as he realized. "Okay, so—how big will he get before he's able to shift?"
I've done my best to do right by my readers, but I know what it's like to wait months for an update. I hope y'all see something worth the wait in this chapter. I originally meant to end the story here, but. Well. I didn't, mostly because it left a lot of unfinished business.
to lie, to grant Gerald this one small mercy (although John's not entirely sure Gerald needs it), but he can't add an insult to Gerald's intelligence on top of the pain he's inflicted by confessing his infidelity. His heart restarts and he takes a deep breath, inflating his lungs although he doesn't need that much air to say the word.
that way because really, he wants to smack John in the face. Gerald seems to be moving more loosely so he's less guarded than before. He plucks a folder off his desk and hands it to John who opens it.
He stops at the window, pauses a moment, trying to rein in his feelings, and finding he can't, not anymore. He feels as fragile and unsure as he did the first night home, when desperation and relief made him take John in hand, knowing it would be the only time John would allow him to break the rules without paying for it later. Oh, but he has after all, hasn't he? Paid for it?
He clears his throat, pushing down the want that's unfurled inside him so fast that it's like being blindfolded, spun around, and then told to find his way home without being able to see where he's going. Just like it does every time he thinks of Sherlock on his knees, or behind him, above him,
ago—Gerald in the bathroom at Baker Street, sitting on a towel on the toilet, waiting for John to stitch up the split lip John had given him during a PTSD nightmare, and the two of them laughing, Gerald trying to laugh without moving his stinging lip, the sound like
But Rebecca works with John, and even though their schedules only overlap on Thursdays, he knows that eventually she'll manage to corner him. One day, two weeks after John and Gerald break up, she succeeds in dragging him into an empty loo off the doctor's lounge before he can get away. She locks the door, and demands he tell her what the hell is going on between him and Gerald. John caves and tells her they broke up because he cheated. He expects Rebecca to be angry, but she's shocked instead.
Sherlock seems to accept this explanation at first and pulls back slightly, but only to slide his lips back along John's jaw to his chin where Sherlock's tongue darts out and strokes the dimple in the middle.
." John lets go of Sherlock, and bends his head, and covers his face with his hands. When he removes them, he keeps his eyes on the floor, and says—almost too softly for Sherlock to hear, "I know how
In the end, smuggling a dragon out of the flat was easier than John thought it would be. Chatsworth had called for two vans. One for him and John and Sherlock; the other for all their stuff. Sherlock was cooperative, having been told he could get out of the crate as soon as they had the van doors shut. Since Chatsworth was driving, John had to help Sherlock out of his confinement and then somehow, with both himself and a hundred and twenty-five pound dragon crammed in the back of the van, figure out how to fold up the crate to make more room.
John hasn’t changed anything since Sherlock died, but looking around the flat, he sees things that he wants to change, though not anytime soon, and things he might change, but not for a very long time. The bottom line is that he can't cling to Sherlock forever. It's not the
Watson," John said absently, mouth agape. He had to crane his neck to look up at the man. He must've been nearly a foot taller than John.
He pulls off his t-shirt and throws it on the floor. Next he pulls off his pants and throws them on the floor, too. He's lying naked in Sherlock's bed and even though Sherlock isn't here with him and even though Sherlock will never be here with him, he allows himself this one chance just to pretend. There's nothing wrong with pretending right now. Sherlock's only been dead a few hours. Who will blame John for wanting to hold onto him a little longer?
Cut back to Watson as he steps down onto the landing skids from the helicopter. Patrick reaches out and checks his main carabiner, but that’s all we see of their safety check. The two of them give a hard nod, and immediately Watson jumps back off the skids to start his fall. Patrick guides the rope with his gloved hand, giving instructions to Gerold.
Deep down in his brain John knows that he should feel too vulnerable – naked and bared before the edge of the earth with Sherlock’s penis pressed thickly against his back. With Sherlocks’ hands roaming possessively over his wet and trembling skin for the entire open ocean to see.
John curses at him when he finally does fling himself across them onto the mattress, whirling up the sheets into a perfect cocoon around his body. And Greg kicks him so hard in the shin he wonders if he’ll have a beautiful bruise there in the morning to help him remember this night. To remember this moment when everyone knew almost everything and they still asked him to come on, to come to bed, please.
Because of course it’s not there. They told me I wouldn’t need that here either. And wasn’t that the whole point of Visiting in the first place? But still I reach for it and I miss it and I trip forward hard, face first straight into a bloke who looks like he could beat the shit out of me, spilling half his beer over his hand.
Greg takes a long moment to respond. “I have never been so proud,” he finally says, his voice thin. "
“Yeah, well, I’ve been learning the ways of the professionals from this lunatic,” John says with a smirk and a quick glance towards Sherlock.
John’s head whips up from where he’d been looking down at his skis, his teeth gritted and his red face dripping with sweat. He fixes Greg with a dead stare—so brief Greg can’t even tell if John’s shocked to see him there.
Sherlock clenches his fists where he stands off to the side, chest heaving as if he’s the one out there battling against the force of the ocean. John chickened out on that wave – there’s no other explanation for what could have happened. That or his shoulder is already starting to give out on him.
The echo of it still trembles quietly in the air, thrumming in the space between the open V of Sherlock’s thighs and the dip in the small of John’s back. The easy, light smiles from dinner and their walk down to the shore have been replaced in an instant by a breathless anticipation, crawling slowly up through John’s stomach and shivering in the shallow breaths leaving his lungs, mixing in with the restless thrush of the ocean.
John talks over his shoulder. “Should take a shower. You smell like sex and it’s fucking distracting.”
If he wipes out, it’s back to the Long Beach dockyard until he can pay his way back into a qualifying membership. John feels his body go limp into the fiberglass beneath him as his mind clouds.
John doesn’t quite know all their names—they’ve all been split up between different Classes during prep and training—but he recognizes the faces well enough. It suddenly dawns on him, making his skin crawl and his cheeks flush, that he is by far the highest placing athlete among them after the time-trials.
Cut back to Holmes, outside on the helipad. He shoves his hands deeper into his pockets against a chill in the wind.
Greg finally shakes his head. On the screen, Sherlock can no longer be seen, and John is standing by the finish next to three different interviewers, his eyes glistening with unshed tears and a Union Jack draped around his shoulders. Behind him, the mountains pierce the sky, and the crowd cheers on their feet.
Greg shakes his head and leans back against the wall. He shoves his hands in his pockets as he watches the ADs and sound people frantically dash across the glittering stage doing last-minute prep. The lead NBC-International correspondents are fixing their makeup and elegantly draped scarves in mirrors from the expensive talk show couches. Behind them, a giant screen projects a live feed of the Jeongseon pass, dotted with the miniscule downhill skiers on their practice runs.
Sherlock pauses, turning his cheek into John’s palm as he strokes through his hair and down along his neck. John leans down and kisses his forehead gently. “Go on.”
And John laughs for the first time since he’d found out he’d won, kneeling in the foaming shallows off the coast of Oahu, searching out Sherlock Holmes’ smile in the crowd.
” and then lie about heading off to go fit in some last-minute practice. To wave them off thinking they’ll see him on telly screens in twenty-four hours instead of nearly two weeks. But . . .
I can see it in my nurse’s eyes when she comes in my room to check on me in the bleak, airless middle of the night. I can see it in the other residents’ faces as they hobble past my chair.
Sherlock holds his face gently, more gently than he possibly ever has before, and kisses him again. The barest brush of cool lips across Greg’s mouth.
She would run along for hours, digging fiercely to find them. She would hold them in her little hands, wet and dripping with mud. And the foam would rush over her bare ankles in the sand, licking at her legs as she laughed.
, to magically understand, and Greg has spent years warring over whether that fact makes him feel special, or entirely left out.
Everyone is dressed in their puffy jackets and snow pants. No one, not even Holmes, is wearing a suit. The ice is bright and blinding, and Elsa lies on her back in front of the group with her tongue hanging out.
John can’t take another agonizing second. He rushes forward, hopping with his crutch, his bare foot slipping in a puddle on the floor. He barely has time to take in the flash of relief across Greg’s face before Greg is
John looks over his shoulder, feeling water glossing over his eyes. Greg smiles at him, knowing he heard, then nods over his shoulder at a fresh swell coming in their way.
Dr. Andy Reed spends at least thirty minutes telling Sherlock who he is, what happened to him, and why he became a therapist. He was captured by the Taliban in 2004, and held for three hundred and ninety-four days during which he experienced physical and psychological torture and extreme deprivation. When he was finally rescued, he was invalided out of the army and sent home with a diagnosis of PTSD where he promptly failed to adjust to civilian life.
Sherlock gingerly works his way onto the bed, sitting next to John with his back to the wall. "So you're in love with me?"
Sherlock laughs weakly. There's a moment of silence and then Sherlock asks about John. Mycroft hesitates before picking up a brown folder on the table next to him and passing it over.
As he's waiting for the kettle to click off, John thinks of Gerald at home alone in his bed and there's a sudden spike of pain in his chest. He misses Gerald, terribly. Most of all, Gerald would be able to advise him on what to do with Sherlock, on how to handle the—whatever it was—that happened between them last night.
"A place. Is that where you take all the men you're trying to seduce? You have a secret sin palace?"
addressed the symptoms—anxiety, insomnia, tremors, flashbacks, panic attacks, weight gain or loss, lack of libido, suicidal thoughts, self-harm, addiction. None of them dealt with what had
As Dr. Reed speaks, Sherlock finds himself nodding his head in agreement, even as he cringes away from such a frank discussion of something so terrible, so beyond the average human's understanding. It's already half ten before Dr. Reed finishes his story.
are impossible. Jesus Christ, the whole dragon thing alone would've been impossible for me a few months ago, never mind the way you behave!"
"What do you want me to do?" Sherlock cries, throwing his arms wide. "How many ways can I say I'm sorry to have kept you in the dark? Everything I did was to protect
"Yes, Sherlock," John says, trying to school his features into something more solemn and failing miserably. "Despite everything standing in our way, I'd hoped to get my lips wrapped around your knob sooner or later, preferably sooner."
Sherlock was a week old when John had to go back to work. He hadn't yet talked to his supervisor about his need to go part time and he was anxious about the meeting. He was trying to get out the door, mentally rehearsing what he would say to his boss when he got to work.
in a very small voice, and John reacts so vehemently that alarm sparks in Sherlock's eyes, and John has to pull himself back and slow down and cool off.
"Gorgeous," John whispers and Gerald makes a sound in the back of his throat best described as a whimper. John grins against Gerald's neck, pleased and randy as fuck
John, is worried that John won't have time for him any more, maybe that John will move out. So he does the only thing he can think of. He tries to seduce John to make him stay.
By morning, Sherlock and John were both exhausted. Sherlock had fed without his earlier enthusiasm, and ate only a fourth of what he was supposed to. This meant John had to feed him more often and resorted to bribery to get Sherlock to eat. To solve the problem, John turned to bribing Sherlock with a treat. Like a drug dealer trying to get a new buyer hooked, he gave him a sugar cube to suck on first, and when Sherlock moaned and hummed in closed-eye pleasure, John promised he could have one after every meal—
Sherlock's fingertip is pressed firmly against one side of the ridged muscle of John's hole, and John feels the curved tip of the dispenser, also well-slicked, pressing in next to Sherlock's finger, and then with a sound of breathless wonder, Sherlock gradually pushes it inside, until it's settled all the way in. He circles his fingertip around the edge of the plastic barrel, and says hoarsely, "Oh, god, John. If I milked myself for a week, I could save my semen, and then use this to suck it up, and fill you over and over again, and then I'd plug you. Or I could freeze it, my semen, in an ice tray, yes, and then when I had a dozen, I'd put you down on the bed, and shove one in your mouth, and let one melt on your neck, on your nipples, stomach, all over your cock, maybe shove a few up your arse—" and John says,
So, Sherlock leaves his phone next to the laptop connected by the little USB umbilical cord. He walks slowly over to Blaine and slides his fingers over Blaine’s jaw.
Inside, John is handed a bottle of beer. He can see the truth in what Gerald said about Sherlock and Cyril's insecurity in the guarded way Cyril hovers over Gerald, as though he thinks John's going to snatch him away.
"He just said he wanted me to wear nothing but the stilettos and the Belstaff, to go downstairs, the taxi would be waiting for me, and the driver would know where to go."
"Let's have a cup of tea and then I'm going to take out about seventy percent of the stitches in your back. It's been seven days and most of them are superficial except those four. They have dissolvable sutures on the inside and I want to make sure the outsides heal completely before I pull out the outside ones in case it undoes the inner stitches."
Chatsworth laughed and John took that moment to step into the sitting room. The minute Sherlock saw him, he cried, "John!" and launched himself into the air from the couch. A second later, John had an armful of happy dragonet, and a tail wrapped tightly around his waist.
"You shouldn't have jerked me into your lap like that, you know," John says. He stops with his hand on the doorknob. "I'll be home right after work. It takes about thirty minutes for me to get home on the tube."
One of the prescriptions John gave Gerald for Sherlock is for 2 mg clonazepam that dissolves on the tongue and is, therefore, quick acting. The other prescription was for 5 mg liquid melatonin to be administered sublingually. That, too, is quick acting.
—if you could see your face when you said you'd held Milton—I'm just saying, John, don't write off the opportunity. You're only forty-two—"
John looks up at Sherlock, his eyes dark and wet, his lips swollen, saliva trailing from his mouth to Sherlock's sheathed cock and back to John's chin in a skinny triangle of spit that catches the light, and Sherlock has a brief vision of John wearing nothing but Sherlock's Belstaff and red high heels, but his brain gets rid of that thought, too, as Sherlock's orgasm begins to gather in his groin. He recalls John's request that Sherlock come on his face, but in an uncharacteristic fit of shyness, decides not to remind him.
After he gets off the phone with Mycroft, John goes upstairs and sorts through the boxes of Sherlock's things he and Mrs. Hudson kept. He brings out four of the oldest button-down shirts he can find, ones he thinks Sherlock won't mind being stained by the greasy anti-fungal cream. While he's there he grabs the seven pairs of pajama bottoms he finds, as well as several pairs of cashmere socks.
comfortable with it, not then, not for a long while. Four months later, though, he can't stop thinking about it, about fucking Sherlock, pushing his way into that beautiful, smooth, delicious arse. It makes him hard just thinking about it.
Sherlock is shaking—John watches dumbly, overwhelmed by the nerve-jangling, gut-punch switch from hot sex to nightmare.
Finally, John washes his hands for the last time, and turns to Sherlock with a fresh glass of water and his antibiotic pills. He helps Sherlock dress and they're back into their usual state of companionable silence.
Sherlock is already passed out from the pain of the reduction, though, and when he wakes up an hour or so later, he's bundled in blankets in the backseat of a car, slumped against the medic. The medic immediately sticks him with another bulb of morphine. Sherlock drifts off to the sound of the low voices of the agents in the car with him, and the rise and fall of the medic's chest as he breathes.
"Ah," Gerald says and nudges John aside. He turns around and gives John a wink. "You asked about the dried peas? Why don't you have a go. Let's see how long you can kneel without it starting to hurt."
"It was just a few minutes, Sherlock. I needed to ask him if he could come by to pick up the scripts I wrote for you. He's going to drop them off at the chemist's. Now, c’mon, let's go get you into a clean t-shirt."
John doesn't see Gerald at first until Gerald leans around the back of the lounge chair he's lying in, a bottle of beer between his legs.
John’s voice shocks him from his thoughts. He turns around sharply, and sees that John has paddled out a bit to meet him. His brow is furrowed in confusion, tense like he’s approaching a wounded animal about to strike.
The next morning is the exact same goddamn routine. His hat is pulled low over his eyes as we step up into my pickup. We’re both in the same clothes. I don’t know why we choose my truck – he seems to choose without me knowing. He don’t say a word to me, not even a hello. The two-hour drive down to the sheep pens and the horses feels like two days. Feels longer than the army marches. He smokes only one cigarette on the drive – nurses it like a baby and drags it so slow I’m afraid it’ll fall right out his mouth onto his lap.
Greg’s voice is unrecognizably rough as John holds him down, kissing around his ear the way he knows Greg likes. “God, they did a number on you, didn’t they?” Greg says, squeezing the muscle of John’s biceps.
I nearly gasp. The stranger’s existence suddenly expands before me in a blaze, filling the dark horizon. “So that’s what you do here?” I say. “You track down criminals who were never caught in the World? Who shouldn’t be here?”
,” Greg says, nearly whispering as he looks down the stairs. He purposefully shakes out his shoulders as his gaze shifts to the two of them by his side. His mouth quirks at the corner. “Get down in one piece,
There aren’t any fans sitting back on the sand with cold drinks in their hands. No judges setting up their table, or announcers booming across the beach, or umbrellas dotting the shoreline in the breeze.
“Shit, man, beach is crawling with groms and kooks today. Can barely pick out the competition,” Greg says as he lifts his board above his head to avoid a group of onlookers spread out in the sand.
He doesn’t start the engine again, and we sit in the silence. The breeze off the sea tingles the gravel underneath out feet, and I can hear his jacket stretching as his breath rises and falls, pressing close and warm against my chest. “I couldn’t wait to see you,” he says quietly. “The last two days. . . shit, John. Saturday couldn’t come fast enough for me.”
John half-chuckles through his nose. “Well, at least you’re getting paid for it.” He swings the crutch out to tap Greg’s shoulder. “And you’re not that old.”
I watch my headlights dance with clouds dust along the road, turnin’ from paved, to dirt, to gravel as we wind closer and closer up into our land.
Greg’s head pops up, startled into concern, but John gently pushes his head back down to his knee, and this time Greg licks the joint, the sound wet and obscene.
But she turns back to me, two steps away, and I see in her eyes she’s done heard every damn thing I just said. “Thing I’m tryin’ to tell you is,” she says, standing there beautiful in her home with the gravy stain on her apron, “I want you to know Wilma. The both of you. I ain’t goin’ six whole months without seeing you again, whatever we gotta do. You hear?”
John licks one last time into Sherlock’s mouth, tasting the salt on his lips and sighing out through his nose before pulling back for air, fingers still clutching at a handful of curls. He wants to say something elegant. Something that could somehow convey even one tiny portion of how he feels in this moment where he’s a man who’s kissing a shirtless Sherlock Holmes on a goddamn Hawaiian beach. Instead all he can say is “fuck.”
“No – you just want to run around here playing superhero,” I say. “Deciding on your own fucked up rules who can Stay and who needs to leave.”
Just like before, John’s heaving chest magically goes quiet as he cradles the gun to his shoulder. The camera zooms in on his finger hovering over the trigger, his tongue slipping out to lick his lips against the bitter cold. His sunglasses have rucked up the hood of his suit, exposing his sweat-matted hair. A bead of it drips slowly down his brow, clinging to the line of his nose.
Watson, starting to clip off his mic: “We’re all a team here. None of this would work if we weren’t a close team.” He grins, but it doesn’t fully reach his eyes: “But, you know, I do love working with Greg. He’s the most competent pilot we have – he’s even surpassed Gerold, who trained him. We all agree. I trust him with my life.”
He wants to beg Greg on his hands and knees to explain to him what the hell this look means—if it’s worry or concern, pride or sadness. If it’s longing, and exactly what for. He wants to plead with Greg to tell him if the look on his face is blinding pain, to confirm or deny Sherlock’s choking fear that he keeps seeing stifled misery in the lines around Greg’s mouth. Why the look on his face now is nearly indistinguishable from the way Greg had looked at him right before saying “
There. He’s said it. The deepest fear festering in his heart. John looks like he’s grabbing the back of his neck, his eyes filled with water.
Sherlock sighs, moving to cup his palm over John’s cheek. “I just need to know,” he whispers. “If she’s still out there . . . I need to know.”
Greg looks a combination of hopeless and hopeful, alive and deeply sad. “Still. I have spent these years ignoring that part of you. I could not think of it—it was too horrible. Imagining how you have felt.” Then he takes a deep, somber breath. “You know that I have helped John with his leg. After his race. He asked of me to do it.”
Sherlock looks quickly back to John, making sure that what he’s seeing isn’t just some dehydrated hallucination in the middle of the beach. He can feel his mouth hanging half-open. John looks at him with eyes as deep as the sea and nods gently. Sherlock can sense the surfers behind him retreating back to their own groups – going over the best waves of the day, making plans to go grab a drink, passing along the latest news and gossip. The wind from the waves whips at Sherlock’s back, pushing him closer to where Lahela stands motionless in the sand, her silk skirt billowing in a ripple across the grains while the breeze whips through the loose strands of her braid.
I guess in a way it’s because this is the last time that it will truly be just Sherlock and me, just the two of us against the rest of the world. I mean, sure I’ll still have the blog for all of the cases, and the fun adventures we share going forward but. . . I want to remember every private moment too, every quivering breath in the uncertain air, every second that passes by before it’s finalized like sediment hardened into rock, forever lost and unchangeable. Because soon everything will be different, everything will be . . .
Sherlock is proud, fiercely so. And he should be. He has created his entire being from the ground up, from ashes. I guess future-John doesn’t really need to be reminded of that. Some days, like this morning, when he preens himself in his gorgeous shirts and suits, and cards his own long fingers through his curls, and rattles off a solution or deduction at the speed of light before me and all of Scotland Yard as if he’s simply reciting the alphabet, and then he just stands even taller and stretches out that long neck and breathes into himself. Christ, it makes my heart burst. It makes my palms itch with anticipation, like the first wisps of fresh, sharp grass that brush against your ankles before you take off across a field.
. “Three of his inner circle are out tonight, trying to pick up new clients. Only one is in there with him now. He’s dangerous. Ex-military.” He looks towards me suddenly, and my throat freezes. “He shouldn’t be a problem for you, though,” he says slowly.
Watson fiddles with a strip of gauze in his hand, twirling it aimlessly around his fingers. His beard is longer than we’ve ever seen it, and there are circles under his eyes.
“Don’t lie to me Sherlock. Not now.” John punches his way through another swinging door, wincing after and clutching his hand to his chest. “I’m well aware I was only offered that interview because you came. What, did they accost you on the mountain? Is that why you were late—because they interrupted you mid-practice?”
An odd shiver rolls across John’s skin at the brush of Greg’s warm body against his own in such a public place, and he finds himself moving so that they’re farther apart. He starts to follow in Sherlock’s path of terror and destruction across the Village, hauling his bag along with his good arm and not needing to bother worrying whether he’s walking too fast for Greg to catch up.
It’s amazing how we fall back in step with each other the second we’re side by side on horses, the velvet purple mountains at our backs. It’s like the whole earth went and spun the wrong way to rewind five years and let us live it all again. I can see his chest moving as he breathes underneath his checkered flannel shirt. The horse he’s on startles at near everything, just like all those years ago, and he rides it perfect just like he’s back at the rodeo. Competent, calm as still water, draining the energy from the horse’s legs up into his own body without barely moving his own head. I see the little thrill in his eyes when the horse starts to buck and rear. I know then that I’d’ve sold everything in my house to watch Sherlock win a rodeo. I’ll face the fact that means I’m likely going straight to hell later.
The rush of jealousy Sherlock feels looking at John’s body effortlessly surrounded by them is staggering. He feels as if the sunlight has been blocked forever directly above his head, as if his skin is doomed to remain dry and hot and prickly for all time despite the cool ocean spray blowing steadily at his back. A sense of betrayal niggles unwelcome at the back of his mind.
And it will be the three of them. Yes, they are gay. Yes, they sleep together. Yes, in the same bed. Yes, they are still athletes and competitors and individual men. Yes, you can be both. Yes, this is forever.
Speaking of that day—the day I met you— it was the most important day of my whole life aside from meeting your granddaddy.
He turns towards me, sees me crouching in the dirt with my arms tryin’ to cover the tears on my cheeks, and he lets out a long sigh.
Interviewer: “And John – were you surprised by his initial reaction? He is normally so calm, from what we have seen.”
,” Greg hears himself say. He lurches forward and grips Sherlock’s jacket just in time before he stomps out of reach.
Greg waits so long John finally looks up at him. Greg’s lips are chapped from the cold; a lock of silver hair falls into his eyes. “That is not what I was meaning.” It sounds like a scold. “Are you alright?”
to out across the surface of the waves, and he tries desperately to convince himself that the past two hours have been real.
So yeah, I’ll let my gorgeous man fuck me every night through the mattress if it reminds him that he
Holmes: “Don’t be ridiculous. You were in the middle of a warzone.” A pause, then: “I was just going to . . . drop by.”
It has to be one of them; the fifth place skier had been nearly a full minute behind the leading pack of four.
He walks down the street. He forgets how to get home. He can't organize his thoughts. This is what it was like when he was shot. If someone had asked John how bad the pain was when he got shot, he would have described it as exquisite. It's the kind of pain that forces your brain to dump endorphins in your body. It leaves you feeling numb and stupid. It's not unbearable because you bear it or you go into shock. Or you die.
A hiss was Sherlock's response but after a few seconds, he sat in his chair, slouching sullenly. He looked over at John. "You hit me," he said quietly, his mouth a lovely pink pout.
"Well, I know for a fact that the earth goes round the sun and that, in turn, forms my opinion on what that means for my place in the universe. The more scientists discover about the cosmos, the more I marvel at how unlikely life is. That gives me joy and pushes me to experience things I'm afraid of but long to do. It makes life more precious, which is important for a doctor. We can't pass judgements on patients and give the ones we don't like less comprehensive care than the ones we do."
He lays everything out on the table, and grabs two clean dish towels, which he lays underneath Sherlock's hand. He pulls on his headlamp, then scrubs his hands at the sink with dish soap, cleaning under his fingernails, and dries them on paper towels. He pulls out the other chair and sets it in front of Sherlock's, pulls on the nitrile gloves, and switches on the headlamp, lowering the magnifying glass to peer at Sherlock's thumb.
, John howling in laughter, his laughter fueling Gerald's laughter fueling John's laughter. John, so full of endorphins that he felt high, had to go stand in the kitchen to stop laughing, and when he came back, he knew he couldn't look Gerald in the eye or they would start up again.
With that, Chatsworth held out one of the chicken bones to Sherlock, who sniffed at it and then cautiously flicked his tongue out a few times. Sherlock slid a gimlet eye up at John and then snatched the bone out of Chatsworth's hand. With his tail corkscrewed up in the air and the tip snapping back and forth, he headed to the sitting room and stopped before John's chair. From there he gave John a challenging stare.
Sherlock had hung onto his chicken bone in his mad flight to John. He poked his head out over John's arms and dropped the chicken bone onto the floor. John made a sound of distress, and opened his mouth to chastise Sherlock, but Sherlock started talking.
Sherlock unbutton his cuffs, and roll them up, he bites his lips [lower first, then upper], and stares at Sherlock's groin approximately 47% more often than when Sherlock's cuffs are buttoned.) He's tired of calculating John's unrequited desire. He wants to calculate that desire put into action—and he certainly wants to put his own desire into action.
Then Chatsworth, sounding utterly himself, said, "This might be a little disorienting for you the first couple of times you witness this, John."
"Firtht we read about how to treat thunburn to prevent aging and which mathcarath give your lasheth the motht volume. Oh and we read lot of articleths about food. Chathworth loveth cooking. So he'th going to be cooking for uth!"
John groaned and covered his face with his hands. He just wanted to be back in his flat. "I'm going to lose my job if I don't go home soon."
Now John knows what it's like to be laid open and vulnerable to someone else and wonders if this is how all the women he's slept with felt. If so, he's glad he never let himself lose control, but it clarifies John's certainty that he's tired of being gentle. More to the point, he's tired of
understand now." He strokes his hands over John's shoulders, and down the honey beige stretch of John's chest, a thumb brushing over John's nipple, and they gasp at the same time. Sherlock pushes John back towards the bed, and John groans, "I
deal with John right now. So he lies and tells John Mycroft put him on a case in Denmark and he'll be back on Sunday. Then he packs up a few things and heads to a bolt hole in Camden.
"Yeth, yeth! And my mouth huth and ith ithy." To underscore his point, Sherlock scoured at his mouth with a paw, his eyes screwed shut in discomfort.
John feels like a bit of an arsehole for the way he's going about this, but Sherlock needs to be drawn in, made to see his own error. That's the only way he'll believe it.
, and I'm desperately happy, you see, that it only took us three years to realize what we felt, and we have Gerald and Cyril to thank for bringing you to me, in a way so, no, I don't just
Sherlock tells him he will use his mouth to help Zivko get hard and bring him close enough to orgasm that when Zivko penetrates him, he won't have to do it for long. He tells Zivko to use lots of spit.
They both face forward at the same time, their hands still clasped. Cayden gives them a little push and with John by his side, Sherlock steps back into the land of the living.
"Arrived where? And what would I be role playing? I mean, is it that you—" John stops, and then takes a deep breath and tries to look confident rather than what he's feeling because he feels about fourteen years old. "I don't—I'm not sure I get why you want me to wear high heels. Is it a—" John stops, and then lowers his voice, making it sound calm and not at all judgmental, before saying, "Do you have a thing for crossdressing or—"
*According to contract, I will not use any implements brought from your home. You must pick from this list!
"She told my dad after she talked to me that mid-term of my first year but I'd already gone back. My dad was uncomfortable around me for a while when I came home for summer holiday, but that's just because he's British. Talking about sex just isn't on," Gerald says and laughs.
“I don’t know how you’ll do it, Holmes,” Tate says and shudders. “My skin crawls just thinking about him looking at me.”
John found himself alone with a bloody (literally), troublesome, sleeping baby dragon. Though, perhaps not a
James Bond-esque adventures because you want to blame PTSD for wanting to get a leg over your flatmate, you are taking the piss—the very
Sherlock glares at the invitation, and then reads, "Fifteenth and sixteenth of April two-thousand and seventeen. Details provided within. Accommodations, directions, etcetera."
." His breath hitches, and he tries to swallow, but can't. Panic almost sets in, as he wills his throat to do its job. Finally, it does, and he drags in a shuddering breath. He points an accusing finger at John, who flinches slightly even though Sherlock is across the room. "And I've spent twenty-four hours thinking that—" Sherlock hauls in a painful lungful of air, "—thinking that you didn't love me after all, and trying to find a reason to go on anyway.
By early Friday morning, an exhausted John snuggled into clean sheets with an equally exhausted but clear-eyed Sherlock, the proud owner of a full set of dragon teeth.
"C'mon, then, gimp," John says, helping him up. He lets Gerald use him as a crutch as they walk to the tube station.
Just like that, John knows what last night was really about. He didn't think his heart could break into any more pieces, but knowing what Sherlock was really trying to tell him just about does him in. Tears flood his eyes.
pulse of guilt when he remembers he still hasn't told Gerald what happened between himself and Sherlock on Thursday night, but that's not a conversation he wants to have over the phone.)
It was at that point that Sherlock became far less cooperative. The back of the van had no windows so Sherlock kept craning his neck over the front seats trying to see out of the windscreen as Chatsworth drove. This meant his tail knocked John around so that it took him much longer than it might have otherwise to discover the trick of flattening the metal crate. Finally, after much cursing, it was done and secured to the side of the van. John climbed over Sherlock and into the front passenger seat.
"Unlike you, I can go more than ten hours without an orgasm," John breathes. He turns around and Sherlock pulls him into an embrace, the thin cotton of his pajamas doing nothing to mask the hard length of his cock against John's abdomen. "Jesus," John whispers as Sherlock aggressively pushes John's pajama bottoms down, and says, "You should be naked
defenses, you might love me back. My thinking was flawed, though, because I was operating under a faulty premise. I assumed you didn't want me because I was a
John carried the news back down to Sherlock, who was visibly relieved. Back under the duvet, with Sherlock's small body tucked against him, John was about to drift off when Sherlock spoke.
After John comes, he takes Gerald in his mouth for the second time that day. He slips two fingers inside Gerald, whose hole is slippery with John's semen, and feathers the tip of his middle finger over Gerald's prostate. Gerald comes with a shout, his body almost bending in half with the force of his orgasm. His nerves are alight even after his orgasm is over and he shivers while John holds him close. John kisses his cheeks and his forehead and his eyes. He tells him again.
Another curious development was a sort of fan at the end of his tail. Like the ruff or his wings, this was also jointed. When Sherlock was agitated, he would snap his tail much like he'd always done, but instead of it looking like someone flicking a booger, the fan opened with a sharp snap like
Chatsworth closed his eyes and shrugged his shoulders a couple of times. John didn't think the shrugging was normally part of Chatsworth's routine, but a visual cue to help Sherlock get into the headspace needed to shift, or at least to imagine shifting.
John's close relationship to his friends makes Sherlock insecure and he can admit to that. But he's only been home four months and for most of that he's barely caught a moment to breathe. Meeting John's cozy little group of friends hasn't been high on the list of things to do. He knows how important it was to John that Sherlock attend this party. Knowing Gerald will be there is even worse—Sherlock won't be able to stop himself from comparing the two of them and tallying up all the ways in which Gerald is better.
We go sleddin’ up in the snow and then see drive-in movie over in Lovell for our honeymoon. I never let my eyes seek out Baker among the Bighorn peaks at our backs as we rush down on the sled, Alma’s laugh filling up the sky. I know the mountain’s there, though. Waitin’ for me to never return.
Sherlock lets out an oomph in surprise as he dodges Greg. “I told you I would meet you back at—wait,
I can’t believe what I’m hearing. The words are like nonsense sounds, and my brain hurts tryin’ to fit them all together and make any sense.
A moment later, his tired gaze follows the line of Greg’s arm across Holmes’ back. He appears to relax in his seat. To Watson’s left, Simon quickly glances at his profile, as if checking he’s alright, then Simon rips off his beanie and throws it at Holmes, to a fresh round of silent laughs.
Holmes stomps his foot across the room and scoffs, but still carefully takes the cup of tea from Watson’s hands, letting their fingers brush. Watson hands the other cup to the interviewer off-screen, then takes the last one for himself.
The calm is banished from his body, then, as John grits his teeth. Something like a snarling wave of fire rushes through his body.
me test it out for all those decades,” he says. “I chose to. It’s not like I had much to lose if it went wrong,” he grits out.
He shutters out a breath and turns to leave when the music suddenly stops. He knows he’s been noticed. The hammock leans as the leg extends to stand up on the soft sand. John’s heart is in his throat as Scotty turns his head back warily to look towards the road. His eyes fly wide open when he sees John standing there, and suddenly Scotty bolts up to standing, the ukelele hanging limply from his fingertips.
I feel his hand on my shoulder. The entire world is upside down. “Stop punishing yourself, John,” he says gently. “She would want you to be happy. Stop denying yourself what we could have –”
There’s a hand on his leg. Sherlock’s world immediately shrinks down to the pinhole sight of John Watson’s fingers on his Team France uniform pants. They’re tanned and strong and scarred and lovely. Sherlock wants to swallow them. Shove them into his chest cavity. Tattoo them on the backs of his eyelids.
Greg takes a step closer to him and lowers his voice, looking at him so gently it’s like he’s afraid John will shatter and break. “Are you alright, J?”
I always go and break the spell when he does that. I cough, or I stand up and move away, or I talk about some dumb cowboy shit like what price we think the sheep’s coats’ll get. I can’t never stop myself from doing it even though it never fails to make him quietly gather up hisself and leave to go back to the sheep before I can even blink ten times.
With a rush of air Sherlock moves forward in the sand on numb legs and reaches out his hands to take hers. She grips his fingers hard. Desperate and frantic. Clutching his hands in hers.
The beach is eerily silent as he pulls Sherlock away, his limbs moving thickly through the sand in a daze.
John shakes his head slowly as Sherlock shuts his eyes and leans his head back against the truck, breathing slowly. The saltwater glitters across his skin, and the muscles of his chest rise and fall under the clinging wet contours of his white tee. John wants to lean forward and grab his face in his hands and kiss him and say,
Anyway, we were standing in the sitting room of a suspected killer on the run. Lestrade and his team were there, of course. And Sherlock was staring down at the carpet as if it was a fascinating ancient rune he had just uncovered from a pile of hot sand in Egypt. He was mid-sentence telling me what a complete moron I was for failing to see that the plain white carpet was
I know - what an absolutely terrible place to end on :( I promise that more love and answers are coming soon in the last chapter! And I promise that they'll find their happy ending.
Greg chuckles. “Well you see they’ve got these newfangled things called planes now. Big tubes of metal that fly you high up in the air over the ocean –”
-While I know I’m pretty behind, I solemnly swear that all comments will be replied to! I appreciate them all so much.
Then John turns his head in just the right direction, and his eyes lock in on Sherlock standing alone and aloof in his aviators, a statue at the edge of the chaos, and even from this far away Sherlock can see every bit of tension leave his body. Sherlock’s insides feel like lava. He nods his head once just enough for John to see, and he sees John do the same. An emotion hits Sherlock so strongly in the chest he nearly buckles over at the sheer force of it.
He takes me in his wet mouth and groans deep in his chest with pleasure. Lets me hold his hair hard and thrust my hips. Lets me grip his back hard enough to bruise as we kiss, and feel his strong, trembling thighs surround me, and sigh up at the stars as he grips us both in his warm hand and kisses my nipples. Beads of sweat dripping down his back in the night.
She looks at me for a very long time, holding my hand as other nurses flutter at the sidelines, slowly fading away into the all-consuming grey.
I take in the thin, white hospital gown covering his frame under the sheets. “I’m a bit miffed you didn’t get dressed up for me as well,” I tease. I reach up and place my hand right over his chest, then move to run my fingers through his short, frail hair.
“John,” he says again. He hesitates, then turns towards John, waiting for him to do the same. John holds his breath as Scotty’s hands slowly reach up to settle down on top of his shoulders, grip warm and firm. Scotty’s pale eyes flicker in the morning light, and his curls blow softly across his forehead. John feels a moan on the tips of his lips.
Molly snickers under her breath. “No, he gave him that over the phone when he called a week ago. I was terrified just sitting in the next room over,” she laughs.
He takes two steps towards the open doors of the hangar as the helicopter starts to land. His left hand twitches. The landing skids settle on the helipad.
He continues tracing and following the lines of the tattoo, leaving shivers in the wake of his fingers, as Sherlock takes a deep breath in and huffs out a gentle laugh.
Sherlock slams down the mug on the counter and yells. “I don’t know, John! Maybe I wanted you to stay here so badly because I, the
John moans in his throat and shakes on top of him, holding Greg’s head close against his neck with an unsteady palm. Greg licks at the bruise with a warm hum, tasting the ghosts of tea and uneaten toast and icy wool coat on the fragile skin of John’s throat. He sucks it, just once, to add his own burst of purple to the skin, and John curses under his breath as Greg finally caresses it one last time with a wet kiss.
John can barely think clearly. The thought that this might be his last chance ever to kiss Sherlock hovers dangerously at the back of his mind, and his voice shakes when he repeats himself. “Pull the car over. Stop the car.”
John’s throat tightens. A sudden hot rush of embarrassment he didn’t know he could feel washes over his skin.
He leads me towards his bed – soft, white sheets overlooking the ocean outside through spilling windows. We take off our trousers and pants unashamed. He lays me down and presses his naked body against mine, letting me run my hands up the warm muscles of his spine. His hips and shoulder blades and collar bone and thighs. He’s solid and heavy in my arms. I feel his lungs heave underneath his creamy skin.
I nod and smile, thinkin’ of what color eyes her little one’s gonna have and wanting to ask whether they done picked out a name yet without knowing how to put that thought into words. When she’s done she licks a smudge of mayonnaise off her finger and pulls her hair up into a little knot at the top of her head. She’s so sure of herself now, so quietly certain. She moves in a way that seems to me women twice her age can’t always quite manage. I see now lookin’ at her sitting tall and proud in the little wooden chair how Kurt must’ve near fallen over dead when he first laid eyes on her.
