“I love you, John. Am in love with you...have been for quite some time now, and it is irrational, and it terrifies me, and I have absolutely no idea what I am doing…how to do this...how to
A still-warm wrist with no pulse. Hands pulling him back. The buzzing sound of shock settling in his head.
Sherlock forces his gaze to remain on the eyes of the man berating him from across the room. Tries to ignore the inconvenient pricking behind his own, while reigning in the urge to scream at his former flatmate. Trying for indifference and failing spectacularly, he mumbles brokenly,
Sleep bleary but intense blue-grey eyes settle on him from across the pillow as he flops onto his back, still giggling.
He darts his eyes quickly back up to Sherlock’s. They are nearly turquoise in the low lighting of the cell. With that tiny fleck of amber. They truly are stunning eyes. As John studies them, he watches the flutter of long lashes when he blinks...and the slow widening of his pupils, the way that they have softened around the edges. There is none of the cold, icy stare of the detective - leaving behind only curiosity and an openness he isn’t normally privy to. It’s...nice. The warmth of Sherlock’s knees against his has seemed to spread, up his legs, into his spine, into his chest.
This is Sherlock without the mask, without the walls - this is the man beneath, allowing John to see inside - and he looks utterly broken and vulnerable.
“If we could NOT discuss my brother’s impending sex life on Christmas morning, it would be much appreciated.”
“How dare you think,” John returns in an eerily calm voice, “for one moment, that whatever you experienced while you were off playing at Moriarty’s little
“Oh, you have no idea, you bastard,” John growls, but stands at parade rest, glowering at the taller man.
Greg’s keys clatter against the cell door as he unlocks it with one hand. He tosses a blanket at Sherlock’s head, and sets a tray down on the bench.
of yours, having a nice little laugh at my expense. Poor, dim, pathetic John Watson. Thinks it’s all his fault, as though the world revolves around him, yeah? Drinking himself into madness over a man who isn’t even dead. Was it fun, Sherlock, having your secret? Watching me lose my life, my mind, nearly losing my career over your death? Did it keep you entertained while you were running down alleys someplace, coat flying behind you like the fucking superhero you think you are? Did you ever stop to pity me, Sherlock? Did you cry for me, poor wounded soldier all on his own? Or can a sociopath like you even feel hurt at all?”
John’s legs turn to lead as he trudges the final few meters across Baker Street to do his obligatory dance of indecision on the pavement. He wonders what he is supposed to be doing. He wonders why he isn’t already doing it.
“Doing what, Sherlock?” he questions, hesitantly, hands still fisted but nails no longer digging into his palms.
“Lucky I’ve some Christmas spirit, gents; brought ya some nibbles and water now that you’ve sobered up a bit...sorry, only had the one blanket...you two can fight over it...or share it.” He winks as he turns to shut the door, calling back, “Merry Christmas!” over his shoulder as he closes it behind him.
And John moves, closes the gap between them - like he is closing the distance that had settled between them from the night Sherlock came back - like he is closing a distance that never belonged there. Stopping only when their shoes touch.
My own hands flutter indecisively at my sides before choosing a safe location to land: one on his arm and one mimicking the one in my own hair.
, of not being able to save you and having it be, in a sick twist, my own fault, when the whole ludicrous plan was all to prevent just that - and isn’t that just a turn-up? This was never a
The words aren’t even forming a coherent sentence anymore, just run-on babble trailing off as the pale, emaciated body in front of him begins to quiver, and his friend’s hands move to pull the t-shirt back down from around his neck.
“My choice. You may not have one, but I do. It’s the two of us...against the rest of the world, yeah?”
When he fails to form words into a reply, still in shock and valiantly attempting to swallow down the bile rising in his throat, Sherlock continues softly,
[Sent] For once, my silence was painfully necessary, but I was there.  I had to see you one last time, if only from the shadows.
“John... forgive me, please, for all the hurt I’ve caused you, for all that my actions have put you through. I am truly sorry. If there had been any other way…”
Something is off in Sherlock’s voice when he speaks, instead of condescending arrogance, or biting vitriol, there is only tired, stoic calm.
Close enough that he can taste the tremulous words as they are susserated a breath away from his mouth,
“There’s something I should say...I’ve meant to say...always, but I never have. Since it is unlikely that we will ever meet again, I might as well say it now…”
[Sent] If there is anyone else besides you and Mrs Hudson who I would trust with my life, and with yours, it would be Inspector Lestrade.
“How?!” John’s voice cracks, his soldier’s demeanor breaking down around him. “You think I care one bit for HOW you d-did this? Because you didn’t just DO this, Sherlock. You did this TO ME. I’ve spent years - YEARS, Sherlock - believing that I killed my best friend. Do you have any idea what that’s like? Believing that, if only you’d said something different, done something sooner, that person would still be alive. Can you even imagine what that’s like?”
He lets himself focus on Sherlock’s face, avoiding the eye contact he is supposed to be maintaining...his nose, the tiny freckles you would miss if you didn’t know they were there...that perfectly shaped mouth…
Unsure why they are up here, he approaches cautiously, heart hammering in his chest,  as he watches Sherlock’s coat flutter around him in the breeze.
Sherlock fiddles with his phone again and says softly without looking up, “Spend 4 minutes, not speaking, making steady eye contact with your partner.”
for you. Fear is not a feeling I am accustomed to. I did not fear jumping, I did not fear for my safety when there was none, I did not even fear pain or my own death when… the point is, I
“Thought you woulda figured out how to do that by now, mate,” Greg mocks, trying to sound annoyed at the scene in front of him, but having to hold back another laugh at the sight of the pair of them, piss drunk and trying to break into his flat...on Christmas Eve no less.
Sherlock lets out a resigned sigh, and gives him a look that says he wants to move, but is afraid of doing so. He motions to the empty chair across from him, instead.
[Sent] Please. Trust Greg. Yes, I do, in fact, know his name. Let him help. He saved my life once. I am not sure I ever said.
Panic slightly and part my lips unintentionally. This is apparently an acceptable reaction in this situation; can feel his mouth quirk up into a smile against mine (fairly certain he has realized I am out of my depth), as he catches my lower lip between his, gently, before releasing it completely.
becoming awkward vanishing. Crushing feeling under my sternum. Can feel that ridiculous stinging in my eyes threatening to become even more humiliating.
“Always wondered what it felt like to wear this thing…s’heavy” John murmurs sleepily, slipping one arm around Sherlock's back under the coat.
“There are things I need to say, John, if you let me. The sort of things in which I am not well versed.”
“Not one word from you could have changed his mind. Not when it was your life he was  choosing to save by jumping.”
“It was worth the pain,” John mumbles, his face pressed against the warmth, the scent, of a very much
He looks up to the sky, to the constellations, small faraway things that were ordinary and deletable to the man whom he now knows he cannot live without.
“You were worth every wound,” come the final hushed words spoken before both men drift into dreamless sleep.
John's own phone pings at that moment and Mycroft gestures for him to check it. He fishes it out of his jacket, and his eyes go wide at the text.
[Sent] I've never begged for anything in my life - I am begging you, now, please… I am coming... I just need a little more time... please, John.
“Shoulda locked them up together ages ago,” Greg huffs out as he turns the photo to face a very sleep rumpled member of the British Government.
Try to speak and it comes out humiliatingly shaky as he leans forward and rests his other hand on my knee for balance.
keep you alive. Even now, bringing him back is risk; however you have become a bigger risk to yourself, I am afraid.”
He knows Sherlock is reading him, all of him, in these short minutes connected like this. Wonders if he feels the tingle where they are touching just slightly. Wonders what he sees in his eyes. Wonders if he also has the strange urge to lean just a little closer...to reach out...to touch…
The color in Sherlock’s face is brighter now as he ducks his head, pretending to glance at his mobile.
John turns away, avoids his eyes for a moment, and Sherlock knows he knows. Knows what that “who knows” means. Knows he isn’t coming back from this.
They parted, turning to their small group of friends as they were pronounced Watson-Holmes. Mrs. Hudson was applauding them, tears running down her face as she dabbed at her cheeks with her handkerchief.
." He growled the word, his eerily happy facade falling for just a brief moment and Sherlock could see the real monster underneath.
"Beautiful, Sherlock." She said softly as he passed her and Sherlock's brow furrowed in confusion as he looked sideways at John, who shrugged. They all walked out of the conservatory and headed to St. Barts, where Molly and John agreed to allow the reception to be held.
“Contractions have started.” Sherlock rolled his eyes, standing and grabbing the cup from John, “Thank you.” He said, sipping the drink as he made his way back to his chair.
"Because I..." John suddenly found himself at a loss for words. He wasn't sure why he didn't want to go without Sherlock, he just knew he didn't want to.
There was no sign of his ridiculously long coat at all. He turned back, it was his time to go through security.
"Who are we here to see do you think? The queen?" John asked the ludicrous question as Mycroft came around the corner.
"Well, apart from a slight telepathic connection... We have to be in the same room for it to work. It's nowhere near what you and Sherlock have." Lestrade half smiled, "But I'll tell you what, Mycroft's childhood, and growing up... He cares so much for his little brother. He's just so afraid of seeming weak or sentimental."
"Only one way to find out if either of our gifts work on other people," John said, shrugging. Sherlock nodded, understanding completely.
Mycroft sat behind his desk, combing through that week's treaties and threats of war. His phone rang and he picked it up.
. Sherlock suggested, John sent waves of approval Sherlock's way and they walked on. They walked to the shopping district, there were people everywhere, it being a few weeks before Christmas.
John's elated response came not five seconds later and Sherlock sighed, trying to hold back his ridiculous grin. He shook his head at himself and turned from the mirror, sliding his jacket on over the shirt, he buttoned it. He was dressed. It was time for a wedding.
"One moment." Mycroft sighed, holding up a hand as he answered, "Holmes... Yes... Oh, I see... Indeed, however I- Yes... Alright. Right away." He hung up and sent an annoyed smile in his brother's direction before writing an address on a piece of paper and sliding it across to the younger Holmes.
“Oh! John!” She shouted, hopping off the couch. John glared at her before looking around at the flat, shouting as he toppled over a random chair, “Are you alright?” She asked,
was when Sherlock decided he liked John Watson. There was no expectant gleam in his eye before their hands met, and there was no disappointment when nothing happened. He was different, he didn't care about soul mates. This would be a good match.
"I apologize for the inconvenience, but with all do respect, we're in no place to be consulting at the moment," John said, standing, "Sherlock," He said, looking down at the still seated detective, who looked up at him, slightly confused. John rolled his eyes to the doorway and tilted his head.
Sherlock sighed, taking a deep breath, "Telepathic connection, which I suspect is normal, seeing how my brother and Geoff can communicate thusly," Lestrade sighed a soft Greg and Mycroft looked at him, Sherlock continued, "We also have increased hearing capabilities and John can influence my emotions and endorphins... We can also stop time. The abilities are developing rapidly and I predict-"
“Nonsense.” Mrs. Hudson said, and it was decided, “Give me your bag.” She held out her hand and Olivia looked to John and Sherlock nervously before passing the bag along. Once she had it in her hands she shoved it at John, “John, be a dear and take this upstairs.” John took the bag with a frown, looking to Sherlock who was extremely amused before he turned and walked up the stairs to his old room. He walked slowly through the door, breathing in deeply before setting the bag down on the floor as he stared across his old domain. He hadn’t been back in there since before Sherlock jumped. The emotion being in that old room brought on was a bit overwhelming.
"Yes. But not as strongly as you two. Greg has very small ties to these lines, second cousin twice removed sort of ties. Nowhere near as close as the ties you two have."
Sherlock said to him, and John smiled across at the Chief who was now walking through their flat, commenting on how Sherlock seemed like a weirdo. Good a reason as any to punch someone.
"You are a complete git," John said, shaking his head. He prepared tea for the both of them, heading to the couch and sitting next to Sherlock. He immediately set Sherlock's cup on the table, deciding the detective looked too wrapped up and cozy to be bothered to hold a cup of tea.
John replied, Sherlock glanced over at him to see John looking away and down at his computer screen. With a half smile he looked back ahead, closing his eyes and doing absolutely nothing but listen into what John was thinking.
"Well, do you remember the fourth generation Teller's tale of the mates who developed special abilities?" George asked, smiling slightly.
“Look, something brought you to us...” John sighed, “You were meant to find us, obviously. Knowing what we know now we can’t turn you away. It’d be wrong of us... We...” He sighed again and Mary nodded.
"Sherlock... I, um... I don't think you'll ever truly understand how much you've saved me. Doesn't matter if you're in my head or not. You are the reason I get up every morning, the only reason I breathe. My sole purpose in life is to love you, and I think I've done alright so far." Sherlock smirked across at John as he looked down at their hands, which were clasped as he took the ring Greg was offering and slipped it onto Sherlock's finger, "I cannot wait to love you every day for the rest of my life." John smiled up at Sherlock breathed a sigh of relief after his vows. The small group let out a quiet giggle as he pretended to wipe sweat from his forehead and Greg patted him on the shoulder. Sherlock stood tall, taking John's hands into his once more as he prepared his words.
He urged and John sighed, taking his hands from his pants, but the motion of his hands dropping caused the suspect to freak out and fire. The gun shot rang out and Sherlock winced, expecting it to hit either him or John, but it never happened. Nothing happened. Everything seemed to stop.
"I did." John said, turning to face Sherlock, his eyes wide, "I bloody did it." He smiled, walking over to Sherlock, who rested a hand on his shoulder, his face proud and congratulatory.
“Yeah well that’s the thing about Sherlock.” John sighed, sitting back against his chair, crossing his legs as he did so, “He’ll do just about anything for the people he loves.” Mary smiled sadly across at John who was picking at the arm of the chair. Olivia continued to stand awkwardly for a few more minutes before she walked to the table.
Weeks went by and they’d begun to form a plan. Much to Sherlock’s despair, Mycroft was heavily involved. They’d lure Moriarty in and take him out before he had the chance to take anyone. John arrived home that night, ready to go over the details with Mary and Olivia, Sherlock was waiting outside to come in and talk about his role. Then they’d all go over to Baker Street and prepare.
"Oh, right. That's it, then. You can't take not being the exceptional one. It kills you that I'm better at this than you." John smiled ruefully down at his mate, walking closer to him with every growled word, "Because it's all well when you want to show off, but I do something I've only been practicing for a few weeks, and you can't handle it. You can't take me showing off a bit. I didn't expect that, I really didn't." He stood in wait for Sherlock's reply.
“Hmm,” Sherlock nodded and began looking at the room, his fingers dancing through the air as if he was touching invisble objects.
I am already drowning in Christmas preparations at my family's place, so this one is rather short again.
The man stared daggers at him, so Sherock stared daggers back, which led to a further whitening around the nose and finally a long, exhausted sigh. “Every couple of days.”
The killer most likely had a gun and in this moment sharp regret almost brought him to a halt. If he had given John a hint as to where he was, maybe he would be here now to help keep the man in check. He took the knife into his left hand and slowed his run a little to be able to look back.
Sherlock stood by the window, appearing to stare outside, but his eyes were moving back and forth quickly. “An angel,” Sherlock muttered quietly. “An angel.”
“Really, Sherlock, I am not your butler, you know?” Realising that he was no longer listening, she put the mail on the kitchen table and went back to her own flat.
By the time they drove off, John’s entire face hurt from trying not to laugh and when Sherlock grumbled something along the lines of “I never want Anderson anywhere near a crime scene again,” he lost it completely. He burst out laughing, clasping the seat in front of him hard enough to worry the driving officer. “Sherl … Sherlo…. Jesus! Sherlock. The look on your face. I can’t …” he gasped for breath, tears running down his face, making him laugh even harder.
Unable to hold back any longer, John leaned down to kiss him gently and Sherlock deepened the kiss immediately, opening his mouth and moaning quietly.
The man rolled his eyes and for the first time, his face relaxed a little. “Not quite. Might have made it harder for me, actually, if they had the same interests. In truth, they did not care much what I was doing.”
But for now, it wasn’t yet, it was still softly encasing the flat. The case had been solved the day before, Sherlock passed out on the sofa since then and John had used the time to catch up on some sleep and deal with the usual mess that was their flat after a case.
“Night, John,” Sherlock said without turning around. And despite the cold sheets, John was a little bit smug that Sherlock had reacted after all. He closed his eyes to the memory of the strange figure standing outside across from their flat.
And while not even an explosion could wake Sherlock from his post-case-sleep, the mention of bodies or murder could, something which was (again) proven right that second, because Sherlock jumped up, wide awake and was already out the door before either John or Greg had even got up.
John woke again around noon to a silent flat. He wandered into the kitchen and found Sherlock’s phone and a cold mug of tea next to the mail. He frowned, but assumed Sherlock was downstairs with Mrs Hudson, since he vaguely remembered hearing her voice earlier.
“You could have been there already, if you hadn’t attempted to show the world that you are lanky enough to fit through a goddamned chimney! Now get in the bath!” John chided him and when Sherlock passed him, he slapped his arse soundly.
He was even more confused when Anderson’s face did something funny at Sherlock’s presence, annoyance and surprise battling for dominance, and Sherlock didn’t say anything offensive to him in answer.
“Isn’t human blood, yes,” Sherlock nodded and John immediately felt relief at the unexpected answer, even though he couldn’t quite say why. He opened a window to allow himself to breathe freely and suddenly things became a lot clearer. “Sherlock. What if this was meant for black pudding? It’s the holiday season and this amount of blood … could have been for cooking.”
After convincing Sherlock that John absolutely and presently needed to eat something as well as a bit of a breather or else he would faint in the tiny overcrowded room, Sherlock finally allowed John to pull him away from the files he had taken off the two DIs and apparently randomly added to Greg’s pin board.
Sherlock stared dumbfounded at the cut in his coat. Without him making the conscious decision the fingers of his left undid the button on his shirt cuff and he pulled the sleeves of his coat, jacket and shirt up. Blood was seeping out of a small cut in his arm. The knife must have been very sharp.
John did notice that Sherlock would look at him whenever he walked past or stood close to one of the light strands, so he made sure to stand close to them as often as he could while pretending to not notice Sherlock’s interest.
John stood up and zipped himself up again before he knelt down in front of the bathtub and plunged his left arm into the water. It had taken on a grey colour and Sherlock clearly needed to shower before stepping out of the bath to rinse off the rest of the dirt, but for now, John couldn’t care less.
“Hands,” John whispered when he pulled back again, and Sherlock held up his hands to him. Because they had been soaking for some time now, they were almost clean already, but John took his time with them too, brushing the sponge over each finger and his palms and wrists, again and again until he dropped the sponge and just held his hands in his.
Yet, for the final minutes of the ride, he couldn’t stop bursting into giggles again and again. Once they reached Baker Street, John helped to manoeuvre Sherlock out of the car but then made him kick off his shoes on the stoop, and, once the door was closed, take off his trousers before going up the stairs. It was exactly at that moment that John had carefully turned his trousers inside out and the shoes dangled one arm’s length away from Sherlock, who was just starting to climb the stairs in socks and pants, while still wearing his shirt, jacket and scarf on top, that Mrs Hudson came out of her door, ready to take out the trash.
For a while, they remained like this, pressed together and happy, but then John pushed himself up. “One more thing, since it’s after midnight and all,” he plucked the condom off and wiped Sherlock’s and his own stomachs and cocks with the towel, before he threw it into the bathroom and closed the door. Then he disappeared for a moment while Sherlock sat up, wondering what John was up to. When he returned, he held Sherlock’s coat in his arms. “Merry Christmas,” he placed it carefully, almost reverently, into Sherlock’s hands.
“God, yes” is murmured against his cheek, a soft touch of lips on his skin, before John tugs him back into another gentle press of lips.
Sherlock stands, slowly,  and closes the distance between them in two strides, and for an instant John readies himself for a fight, part of him hoping for it.
John pulls back abruptly, looking both worried and bit shaken, yet in full doctor mode, as he reaches to carefully check the no doubt darkening bruise at my temple. His touch is light, and though his hand lingers for a moment, he is standing abruptly, breaking all points of contact without a word and hurrying out of the room… and I am alone, chastising myself for thinking the last several minutes were anything more than a momentary lapse of reason. A mistake. Certainly we have crossed some invisible line that
“I have been reliably informed that I do not have a heart. I can say with certainty that this is, in a way, undeniably accurate”.
Feel him lean into me as I start to move, his weight settling behind me, fidgeting, a new sensation pressed quickly and gently into my hair like… like a...
“Shit,” John mutters as cold metal closes around his left wrist, the other cuff clicking shut around Sherlock’s right.
John realizes they are much closer than before, both leaning in slightly. Sherlock’s words are soft and warm against his face, another inch or so and they would be nose to nose...or…
John takes the phone, turning it over in his hands. He had held it so many times. Fished it out of pockets, carried it across the flat; he would know it anywhere.
Their lips brush, finding one another as though it were the thousandth time, until John pulls back ever so slightly, his voice a hoarse whisper.
“I should think...maybe...something like this?” Before he can overthink the moment, he leans in to press his mouth firmly onto John’s.
He carefully pulls Sherlock's t-shirt back down himself, smoothing it. His hands trailing slowly, tentatively, down Sherlock’s sides. The man beneath them, still trembling, shivers at his touch.
There is a brush of lips against his ear, and he shivers, tightening his hold on the man next to him when he responds.
“One more miracle,” he murmurs, then inhales sharply and takes a step back, shaking his head and fixing his gaze on the man before him. The air is thick around them, alone in the deep hours of the night.
“Pity they have to be positive,” John says with a smirk, and gets leveled with a glare in return. “Just JOKING, take it easy...ok, umm...right.” John stares at his hands, fidgeting with a loose string on his sleeve.
“It is quite likely that this is also where you will break mine.” He stops, eyes meeting John’s and holding his gaze. “This is the hardest thing I have ever done, but it had to be here, where it began...and where it ended. Where I started falling, and where I fell.”
John’s voice is quiet but ferocious, hand tightening its grip as his other moves from Sherlock’s cheek to neck, tangling into his hair...pulling…
“I should have tried,” John states defeatedly. “You know what I said to him? The last words I spoke to his face? I called him a machine. A
Startle a bit when his tongue teases at my lips, and he runs one hand soothingly down my neck, holding me to him. Cautiously meet his with my own and can actually
Something in his voice, the staggered sentences, the very un-Sherlock vulnerability in his tone has John’s heart hammering...a realization that whatever it is his friend is trying to get out is monumental, and that need to reach out and touch wins as he lays his own hand over Sherlock’s. A reassurance that he is listening...that he wants to know...needs to know....
The height is dizzying as he looks down at the darkened streets of London. All the time spent here, at this hospital, in his life before and after meeting Sherlock, and he had never once actually come up here. Never stood on the roof of St Barts.
I need him to just go. Go off and do whatever it is he needs to do to forget this ridiculous transgression ever took place… I just need him to leave now, before this… before it becomes a reason he leaves for good. Not sure I can survive th-
John can see the immediate war of emotions rush over Sherlock’s face at the command - fear, insecurity, sadness, and something else he can’t put a name to - as those sharp features begin to soften. Doing nothing to attempt to hide or even fight back the echoing tears glistening behind sea-glass eyes.
Johnlets out an audible gasp, taking a faltering step backwards, as his friend’s head and shoulders slump forward, with an utterly defeated sigh.
He reaches into his coat and pulls out a very cracked and scuffed mobile, turns it on, takes a cautious step toward John, and holds it out.
[Sent] This may be my last opportunity to put down anything I would want you to know. Regardless if you ever get to see it.
Then there is the light press of fingers, lifting his chin. Forcing him to look into damp, cobalt eyes. So close. When did he get so close?
[Sent] I was an idiot, although I do not regret my actions. Your words, for lack of a proper way to describe it, they scared me. I had to intervene the only way I knew how.
Realize I'm already nodding despite myself... well, as much as one can nod whilst on one's side… and that my physical show of acquiescence has exactly nothing to do with the current hammering taking place in my skull.
“Only 4 left...number 33. If you were to die this evening, with no opportunity to communicate with anyone, what would you most regret not telling someone? Why haven’t you told them?”
One hand flies up to stifle a surprised giggle as she reaches for her mobile with the other, snapping a photo and sending it off with a quick text.
A hand snakes around my torso, easing into my own… fingers intertwining. Watch them joining; watch them coming to settle against my middle.
Sherlock’s eyes never leave his as he drops his dressing gown to the floor, and in one fluid motion, lifts his shirt over his head and spins around, to bare his pale torso to John. His pallid, too-thin body - now marred from shoulder blades to hip bones in a sickening criss-cross of rope-like scars, bruises, recently stitched gashes and burn marks.
John's lips part slightly, deepening the moment into a soft, languid exploration of mouths and tongues.
[Sent] But there is nothing here, no danger, no injury, that terrifies me like you are doing, John. I would strangle my brother, right now, if the opportunity presented itself, for not allowing me even one minute of time to contact you. I have no idea how to comfort or help you... but I would try.
“I find myself in the unique position of having already lived through that exact moment…’dying’ without having been able to say something I had wished to…that I should have...”
a question not a statement… I sound like a child. Unsure, nervous… I despise this feeling of inexperience… inadequacy.
His tellingly light steps tred seventeen times toward a knob which feels unnervingly alien under his palm, and he slips inside, into the near-darkness, and closes the door behind him before looking up.
It would be so easy...here, in the dark...to try. After all these intimate questions, the openness, and that...whatever that last bit was, it seems like the next logical step. He wonders for a brief moment, if it is even possible Sherlock feels something, too.
For a brief instant, anger finally flashes across Sherlock’s features as he raises his eyes to John’s again - only to be replaced, immediately, with something completely different, a reaction John knows too well - something bordering on pain and the edge of actual panic.
[Sent] I wish you realized that there isn't anything about you that I have deleted. Even the name of your former counsellor.
[Sent] John. Please. Do not ever blame yourself. You didn't cause this. You did nothing wrong. Quite the opposite; you were, as usual, the only light in a dark place, and had I truly died that day, or should it still occur, having you there and hearing your voice at the end would have been enough. I promise, John, I swear, I will explain the why (and the how) to you. I cannot, at the moment. My time right now is limited, but John, do not blame yourself. This was forced on me and, in turn, forced on you. I would have stopped it, had it been an option, but I was only given one. I only wish that your heart had not needed to be collateral damage.
The silence is deafening. So many unspoken things hovering there between them. Hidden, held back, stifled for so long. The seconds become unbearable. He looks down and steels himself. He
“I would have to say...your smile. The real one. Not the ‘for a case’ pretend sincerity, but the real one you get when we’ve had a laugh, or Mrs. Hudson makes your favourite biscuits...you’ve a really nice smile when it’s for real. God, one more...yeah, I would definitely have to say your eyes...they are an interesting shape….and honestly, I don’t even know what color to call them...they are...sometimes they are bright and bluish green, and other times, they are such a light, blue-gray, almost like ice. You really have nice eyes.”
… and now that I have told you as much as it is my place to say, I dare say you will find everything else you need to know here.”
Sally yawns as she approaches the holding cell, silently cursing her luck at being stuck here on Christmas day.
Had it been like this for him, too? Did he feel fear, or just hopelessness at that moment? Or, like John does now, both?
understand, John. I understand and I am deeply sorry for any torture my own actions inflicted upon you.” There is not a trace of  sarcasm in those words, and that in itself nearly breaks John as he stands, frozen and horrified, still staring at the ruined flesh in front of him.
“I won’t let you fall this time.” His voice is husky, raw. His red-rimmed eyes are searching, desperate for an answer before the moon fades, and with it the weighty silence that holds all of his hope. John’s body sways as he recognizes the matching desperation in Sherlock’s face; their hands brush together, and he hooks one tentative finger around one of the detective’s, attempting to still the younger man’s shaking. “Not this time. Not alone.”
He can see Sherlock’s eyebrow arch and his lips twitch in a half-smile at the attempted humour but, with the underlying nervousness in that once overconfident voice, it falls flat.
John’s fingers trace upward along his jaw, resting against his face as he gives a quick shake of his head. The first traitorous drip of moisture escapes his eye.
What seems like hours later, Sherlock graciously offers him the sole bench and the blanket to sleep on, but John just shakes his head and smiles in the dark.
[Sent] I have taken to mapping out the constellations in my mind when I am unable to sleep - which is almost always.
Strange, this. Going from the intensity of the previous moment to the surrealness of sitting in the dark. Not having moved or spoken. Like they are still playing the game, or whatever this is, even without being able to see anymore. Sherlock’s mobile had gone dark a few seconds after the guard turned out the lights. Battery must’ve gone before they hit the 4 minutes.
Can hear John’s hesitant footsteps approaching again and resist the urge to turn and look at him. I can delete this. Pretend it didn’t happen. Maybe he will do the same and we can go on as we were? Can’t stand the sudden rush of fear at the possibility of this becoming something that causes him to leave. He can’t leave… I need him… I…
“Let me through, he's my friend,” cycles on repeat in his head. Friend. His friend. The best and wisest man he had ever known. His
“I, without a doubt, do not... have one, that is... not anymore... haven’t for some time, John - because I... I gave it to
[Sent] Forgive me? I only tried to keep you safe. I may have succeeded in some ways but in others I have failed you spectacularly.
. I am not a hero, John, I have tried to tell you... but I tried to be, just this once, and I may have eliminated one threat to you, but I caused another, and…” Sherlock’s voice trails off and he averts his eyes.
He quickly begins to alternate between holding his breath and panting erratically as he watches the numbers rise on the monitor and the alarm bells begin to sound.
the vibration of the low noise he makes against my mouth as he slowly leads me through this new oral dance of give and take.
Try not to focus on the feeling of John’s skilled hands putting me back together (sudden inopportune desire to know what they would feel like taking me apart) one butterfly plaster at a time.
You are, at heart, a romantic, John, and I hope you will see the sentiment involved by doing this here.”
“John,” Sherlock begins, then seems to notice the silent tears streaming down John's face - he reaches out in the darkness, hesitates, then brushes a calloused thumb beneath his left eye. Sherlock’s fingertips linger just a moment on the side of his face and as he pulls away, John places a firm hand over his, pulling it back. The tears continue to fall as John’s eyes close.
[Sent] I needed someone to step in on my behalf - and he is the only option. You may hate me for it, if he does, but I assure you - I will hate him more if he doesn’t.
They do, along with several other predictably colorful expletives, as he maneuvers me through the doorway and across the sitting room before dropping me unceremoniously onto the sofa. A bit more forceful than usual… then again I did almost get myself shot in front of him. Should really consider myself lucky that I got the butt end of a pistol to the skull instead of a bullet. Head hurts too much to really dwell on it. Lean back and sink into the cushions... rest my eyes as John leaves to get the med kit.
“Whatever you may think of me, Sherlock's happiness and best interest have always been my only objectives. You, Doctor Watson, are central to both, and he was not willing to risk you, even if it means losing you now.” He backs toward the stairwell. “I hope that you trust me enough to truly see what I have just given you, and that by the time the truth is clear, I will not have to see your death on the news tomorrow. Or his; once was quite enough. Good evening, John.” With that, Mycroft ducks his head through the doorway and is gone.
Never really understood how having someone else’s tongue in one’s mouth could be pleasant; however, John’s is clever and talented. With it currently tangled with my own, I can’t imagine there being any way for it to be
It comes rushing back, mocking him, and he sinks to his knees in the moonlight just as he had on the pavement two long years ago. This time under the stars, just inches from the last place Sherlock Holmes had ever stood.
John feels his own eyes widen at the thought, and sees Sherlock’s startle slightly at the same time...about a second before a shout from the hall of “lights out,” and the cell lights click off all the way, throwing them into darkness, save the soft glow of a mobile screen.
Sherlock tosses the blanket aside, attempting to straighten out his ruffled hair from where it landed. John giggles at him from the bench.
“Lying…’bout it. M’croft’s an arse. Gonna mess with the cases, John! Why haven't you done it yet?” he whines.
What he doesn’t prepare himself for is the look of absolute torment when those glistening verdigris eyes pin him where he stands. An uncharacteristic look of pain, anger, sadness and frustration.
Cold antiseptic against my skin and I realize how warm my face is… probably flushed.  Unacceptable. Embarrassing.
Mycroft pales, but stands his ground. “Just look at the phone, Doctor. You will find all your answers there. My part in this is done.”
“There are things I should have said, that I meant to say, always, and never have. To answer the second half of the question first - they are things I kept to myself out of fear...fear of losing the one person who matters most to me in this world.”
His leg is pushing at mine, wiggling into the space between my knees. Will myself to relax and allow him to shift and squirm behind me; allow him to position us both into this small space.
Here, alone, he would finally do it. That niggling desire he had been fighting. Now. Tonight. It would end. There would be no note. Who would need one? No pills or alcohol or guns. No easy out.
“You said there were things you’ve never told me. Things that you’d say if you... when you came back. Say them now.” John’s eyes shine, at once pleading and defiant. “Sherlock, if you really want... say them now.”
He slides off the bench to sit across from his friend, who studies his mobile for another minute before setting it on his lap.
John slips, nearly collapses onto Sherlock’s shoulder, his arms wrapping around the gaunt frame before him, as though he were holding a life preserver in a stormy sea, only relinquishing their hold at a delayed wince from the injured detective.
Sherlock startles when the soft brush of a smaller hand sweeps over his own, stopping to rest atop his larger one.
John’s hand startles me, a light pressure against my hunched shoulder. Jerk away violently with a sound vaguely like that of a cat hissing. Irritatingly (thankfully), he is not deterred, and his gentle touch becomes a firm grip.
It was stupid. I know that it was stupid, and every movement of John’s body next to me on the stairs is screaming
John’s face softens, only slightly, and he can see the effort his friend is putting in to keep himself in check...and he can see it failing. There is so much sadness there that Sherlock can’t take it. He can’t do this...can’t let that sadness be the last look he sees. It isn’t fair. He is going to board a plane carrying him to his execution… and John will be left with Mary. It wouldn’t be right to put these words out there now, when there is no hope and no chance for them to be more than just a voice in the wind. To interfere, to come any further between John and his wife - as much as he despises the idea of leaving him with her - it’s selfish. It would be painful, and he doesn’t want that to be the last memory John has of him. So he improvises…
“Patience, Doctor. I realize it seems rather an unsettling thought that I was monitoring your texts to my brother’s mobile, but you must know it was neither out of pity nor lack of respect for your privacy. It was a kindness.”
Every morbid detail committed to memory. The sights. The sounds. The smells. His own personal mind palace-type hell.
“I asked you, once, if you would…” he begins, more gentle than John has ever heard him, then nods shyly toward the couch.
“Wait..” Sherlock whispers, reaching behind to grab the Belstaff and fanning it out over John before sliding in beside him.
to read any of those texts Mycroft, and knowing that he chose to die for me - us - doesn't change my mind about…”
“I did not say to whom. You made my brother a better man; for that I am grateful. However, you also became a weakness. A pressure point. I spent decades attempting to shield him from the pain of sentiment... of
Slide my hand cautiously down his arm, to the spot where his hand is gripping my knee for support, and gently cover it with my own. Something like a mild electric shock buzzes through my nerves at the contact. Somehow this small act seems almost more intimate than the kissing.
“I…,” Sherlock’s voice breaks on the word and he takes a deep breath, before trying again, “I never knew... if the things I wanted to say... I... I didn’t know if they would be welcome, John? Now... I feel like I am stepping off a ledge again, and this time there is no plan - no guarantee… and I am
Sherlock sits, then, hesitantly, eyes never leaving John’s, he lies on his side, backing gingerly against the cushions. John slides in against him, chest to chest, face to neck, before he can overthink his decision, and runs one hand carefully up Sherlock’s ribs.
John, whose hands are clenched at his sides, but whose eyes are blinking back an undisguisable wetness. Always a living contradiction.
[Sent] So if I overstepped, please, know that though I am sorry you had to be... cornered... by people you care about, I will never regret the decision that led to it.
John’s eyes are beautiful: dark, indigo and even hints of gray or violet sometimes, with a perfect little starburst of gold around the pupil. Complex and unique, like the man they belong to. He has stared at them before, but never had this kind of opportunity to study them. Light lashes, and tiny laugh lines in the corners. The way they started off so guarded and have since become more trusting. How he watched his pupils slowly dilate as their legs bumped together again - right before something new had flashed across John’s features, just enough for him to question the change. Right before there was a shout from the hall, and the lights cut out.
“I...was not exactly truthful that first night, at Angelo’s. I... had never had a friend. A real one. No one before had ever said ‘that's amazing’ instead of ‘piss off’. Or called me ‘brilliant’ and not ‘freak'. I...feigned disinterest out of fear of losing the chance of a friendship to the hope of something more. We had only just met. I wanted more. After that...well, you stayed. And that is more than I could have imagined. Allowing my desires, my feelings, to potentially give you reason to leave became unthinkable.”
Loud ping from behind, my mobile alert, and I turn my head abruptly in its direction without thinking.
Rage and relief battle each other as he raises the mobile that Mycroft had given him. He reads the start of his own broken words, before scrolling on to the reply.
[Sent] I don't care what you have to do or how, but you WILL get me out of this ridiculous excuse for a hospital and back to London, and you will do it NOW.
John lets out a little ‘ooph’, and I can taste the warmth of his breath as it ghosts against my mouth. Wonder for an instant what it would be like to chase it back to its origin… before I realize I already am. His lips are softer than I would have thought. He exhales through his nose harshly at the contact but incredulously he does not pull away, instead doing the opposite (always surprising me, John Watson), pressing back, a bit tentatively, into mine.
[Sent] I regret not being brave enough to admit to myself that I am not immune to feelings... to sentiment... to attachment… to caring.
Gentle pressure against my hip… his free hand… shoving lightly, as John huffs a new, small little sound, like a laugh but softer… and closer… the exhalation is tickling my ear. The flannel is removed from my temple.
"You left Bart's in a hurry; however, you changed your mind halfway. You detoured to the park instead - had an internal crisis - decided to walk back, but took your time, still undecided about returning. Despite the cold, you chose the longest and most indirect route. Once you reached Baker Street you lingered across the road, possibly watching the windows. After you crossed, you spent a considerable amount of time outside, pacing - oscillating on the pavement, John?”
. We had a row and I stormed off. After that it was only the phone call. I should have known it was a set-up. I was too late getting back here. I should have said more in that call. I should have tried to stop it, I should have…” His voice cracks and he averts his stinging eyes from the elder Holmes.
But then, John exhales shakily and barely whispers, “How could you possibly think I would leave you? After all we’ve been through...after...losing you once before...after all this time. How is it you still can’t see that…”
To his embarrassment, Sherlock’s voice cracks just enough to be noticeable, as he interjects, “It needed to be said, John. I really do not wish to be pitied, or mollycoddled - I just…had to say it. I needed you to know. I am aware you are not...that we could not be…”
“Three snipers, three guns, three bullets - set to take the three people that mattered most from my life. Although it would have changed nothing had it been only one - had it been only you. I would have done it for only you,” Sherlock’s already unsteady voice breaking on the last word.
Completely appalled at my own stupidity, I flop back onto the sofa, curling in on myself as I roll to face the cushions. I know I look ridiculously childish and I couldn’t possibly care less.
“I asked you a question, you cock,” John growls. “Has he been alive this whole time? The both of you in on it, while I was left to grieve? You call that not being cruel?”
John’s back straightens, his fists clenching fiercely at his side, nails biting into his palms to displace the rage, the pain. A gutteral sound issues from his throat - a wordless warning to the corporeal shade sitting before him, the ghost made flesh that, for once, would not be blinked away.
“Don’t,” John’s own voice startling him as his body seems to move on its own accord, one hand reaching out to gingerly trace a finger over one of the more healed-looking marks. “Jesus, Sherlock…” His hand trembles as he caresses the rare swathes of virgin skin between lacerations. His voice drops to a dangerous low. “Are they dead?”
John’s hair is dense but incredibly soft between my fingers - a bit shaggier than normal - can’t recall the last time he’s had it trimmed. Hope that he doesn't do so anytime soon.
“I saved you, but I nearly lost you! I... I miscalculated... the plan... every eventuality accounted for... but they were not, were they? I didn’t realize... I think I must have known on some level, but I didn’t
life.” His voice, like his body, quavers with anger. “Mine, Sherlock. Mine to keep, to live, to throw away as only I see fit. It was for
“Budge up a bit, yeah? You’re taking up the whole bloody sofa and my arse is going all pins and needles trying to sit like this.”
“You went where I thought I couldn't follow, but I would, and will, follow you anywhere… like I always did… even in this,” he whispers through a choked sob as he drags himself to his feet and steps up, his left foot touching the edge of the rooftop.
Curse myself for the needy, pathetic whimper that escapes my throat unbidden at the loss, before immediately making it again as his hand finds its way into my hair, against my scalp, guiding me back.
Sherlock’s eyes are still downcast as he shifts his weight nervously from one foot to the other, looking like nothing more than a lost child.
It isn't nearly wide enough and they end up pressed nose to nose, lips brushing in soft kisses as they settle in - the weight and warmth just enough to be comfortable.
“No.” Then he continues, his tone still a warning, “He was your brother, Mycroft. How, HOW can you just move on with your life as if a part of it wasn't torn away from you?”
The silence is deafening, and Sherlock refuses to look up, can’t bear to see John inevitably turn heel and head back the way he came.
“John-I...that last question? I understand if you don't wish to answer. However, I...” John can hear him swallow anxiously before continuing,
“I retrieved it after… when the other body was removed. Small act of sentiment on my part. It began receiving messages shortly after. All of them from one number. All of them from you, Dr. Watson.”
It's been almost two years since Sherlock jumped, and the pain hasn't dulled. The nightmares are just as vivid. The grief just as paralyzing. Images of flailing arms and that long coat fluttering. The sickening thud of a body hitting pavement. The smell of rain and iron. The blood. So much blood. Blood had never fazed him much; why would it? For a man who had seen people bleed out in his own hands, blood shouldn’t bother him. Nor death, really. He was a soldier and a doctor. He had seen his share of both. Until the day that blood surrounded dark curls and blank verdigris eyes. Until the death of the best friend he had ever known had sucked all the colour from John's world, and the will to live from his soul.
“Right, ok. Then I...if this is my last chance to…” his voice breaks, and his other hand comes up to grip Sherlock’s elbow.
“Romeo and Juliet. How truly fitting, John, particularly as you are about to perform a modern day reenactment before my eyes. I fear the ramifications will result in a similar ending that will be unavoidable, even with my own intervention. Now come down before you should either lose your balance or decide to act rashly out of stubbornness.”
to decide tonight. It should have been for me to decide that day. I would have risked it, I would have risked
“What happens now?” John tilts his head up to meet his eyes, his voice is barely a ghosting of air against Sherlock’s face
Our faces collide in the most ungraceful, almost comical, way. Nose to nose… eye to eye (God, his eyes are so blue this close up), the air is suddenly charged and time stops (it most definitely does not stop, but am unsure what other words could properly describe the sense of slowed motion currently taking place).
His light, breathy chuckle as he shakes his head tells me he isn’t truly angry anymore. The hand on my knee pulls away, and I immediately want it to return.
“I may have jumped from this rooftop, John, but I was falling long before that…and I am falling still.”
If this is some kind of joke, he may throttle the man, but the burning scar of a memory has him taking steps two and three at a time, and nearly kicking down the door, to burst out into the cool morning air.
A shudder of panic and vertigo runs through him and he backs up one step, away from the edge, to catch his breath.
[Sent] I made it as far as the final thread of Moriarty’s web. All connections to you or anyone else I know have been eradicated. You are safe. That really is all I needed to ensure. That threat is done. It was only down to finishing this whole endeavor, taking down his last connections. Then coming home. I am fairly certain that last part will no longer happen.
Mycroft continues. “You could not have stopped it, Dr Watson. You are unaware of the stakes of the game that took place where we stand.”
“No”, he takes a ragged breath and continues when John’s eyes flash with anger at the perceived slight, “What I meant is, no, I did not pity you, John. I was
Letting go of John's hand, he trails one up to card through short hair. The other coming up to rest on John's chest, as John's other hand comes up to gently stroke his cheek.
He is the one to break it, pulling back enough to try to search John's face in the dark. His voice hitching with emotion as he manages to get out just one word
choice. But no. That’s not how the great and mighty Sherlock Holmes operates. Flouncing around as if everyone else is just a pawn, a piece to be maneuvered on the board. So you tried to save me... from what? Myself? I wasn’t yours to save, but apparently I was yours to torture. Because that’s what it was, Sherlock. It was torture. Can you even begin to understand that? Or is that one too much for your negligible emotions too?”
The tremor in the hand he has been so loosely linked to is palpable as John is pulled forward gently by one finger, until they are nearly chest to chest - but he keeps his eyes locked on Sherlock’s. Allows it. Unsure exactly what to expect, but hoping... hoping…
I turn away from him, and he gently (he is always so gentle when he patches me up) dabs at the drying blood on my left temple.
... I didn’t factor in... the emotional toll - obviously it was more than ‘not good’ to force you to see it, and to force you to grieve over a person who was never dead - but it was so much more than
, but that was worth it, to save you - I assumed I could just... separate myself from the feelings... but then you - I didn’t think you... I wanted to think, maybe, once... that you did - what The Woman said to you... but I didn’t
At those words, a fire lights behind John’s eyes, his expression cycling through frustration, pain, and anger.
John’s fists are clenched tightly at his sides, but he stays silent, giving a small nod of acceptance.
“No point in that...not like there’s anyone to impress. Spending Christmas Eve in the nick...probably NOT one for the blog!” he chuckles, snatching some crisps from the tray.
Grabbing the blanket, he shakes it out and lays it flat between them before laying down on one side.
When my fingers begin to trace his skin tremulously, I am rewarded with a soft hitch of breath against my lips and John’s hand slipping from my hair to brush lightly against my cheek.
[Sent] Sentiment, however, is indeed found on the losing side. Making that call did not just cost me a lead. It cost me my cover.
A barely perceivable noise, a slight tapping, gives him pause, and he growls low, dangerous and desperate, without needing to turn around.
Sherlock taps in the time on his phone, then scoots a fraction closer to John, knees bumping together, and pushes start.
[Sent] I could kill him for not monitoring these messages better and seeing it himself. Or maybe he is so far removed from emotion that he just doesn't see it.
John takes the phone warily and glances down. A string of messages, sent and received, shows on the screen. He recognizes the first text received as the one he sent the night he visited Sherlock’s grave. However, instead of just continuing in a string of messages like the original... there are replies.
“After all of it, I put you in just as much danger as I tried to save you from!” he blurts out, defeatedly.
. Explain, Sherlock? What more could you…” He sucks in his lower lip and looks away for a moment before locking fierce eyes on the detective. “Do you have ANY idea at all, Sherlock?” John’s nostrils flare as his volume increases. “The confusion, the blame, the... the suffering -”
He hadn’t expected John to go along with this, and he is feeling a bit exposed from the questions he himself had to answer with more detail than he would have liked. However, learning the smaller details of John’s life, the ones he hadn’t been able to deduce on his own, was worth it. He was sure when John had halted the questions, he would never have agreed to this bit, but in true John fashion, he surprised him.
[Sent] I made an emergency stop today... missed one of my leads in the process, but I do not honestly care at the moment. I had to find a phone, a real, working one. I wish it could have been your voice on the other end.
Lost in his thoughts, he takes a faltered step back and John’s eyes immediately flash with fear, his hand instinctively darting out to grasp Sherlock’s to keep him from retreating any closer to the ledge behind him. Fingers curling and squeezing protectively around his friend’s longer ones.
He can’t though; whatever it is John thinks he should see, he can’t. He panics at that thought, wants nothing more than to bolt - but there is no way to run. John stands between him and the stairwell, the edge of Bart’s and enough regret for a lifetime at his back.
“Jesus, you two are sloshed!” Lestrade chuckles. “Think maybe you need a nice place to sleep it off.”
wasn't better than this,” John mutters, but slowly steps off the ledge. “You have five minutes, Mycroft Holmes. Before I finish this or punch you in your pompous face, or both.”
“I do beseech you, sir, have patience. Your looks are pale and wild, and do import some misadventure,” Mycroft quotes, an uncharacteristic, and almost gentle, desperation in his words.
“I was wrong, John. Caring, sometimes, IS an advantage, and sentiment...feelings...are not always a mistake...though the pain that comes with them...well…” a pause, another sigh, “I suppose...in some cases...the hurt is worth it.”
The tall figure of his flatmate, back toward him, is standing far too close to the edge for comfort.
And Sherlock leans down... presses his forehead lightly to John’s. Soft curls tickling his skin where they meet. So close.
[Sent] If anything happens before I can get back there, brother, I will personally ruin you. I will bring everything you have built for yourself crashing down around your ears, if he so much as gives himself a papercut.
[Sent] Though I do not say that with the reproach I once would have. I say it, now, in awe, that you would feel so intense a loss for someone like myself.
On that one hurriedly whispered word, Sherlock’s eyes flick back to his, and the floodgates open into a stream of near manic speech.
Odd too, John thinks, that he neither seems to want to move away, or speak. There is still the pressure and warmth of Sherlock’s knees touching his. Causing him to think about things he normally doesn’t allow to the front of his mind. Things that other people already assume they are...things, if he is honest, he sometimes wishes weren’t just rumors.
Sherlock falters for a moment, breathing so erratically John fears he might pass out before he can continue.
That plan goes to hell and I inhale sharply as one hand brushes a piece of unruly hair behind my ear. He leans forward further, tongue poking out in concentration as he reaches to place the last one…
In the cold it feels like days, perhaps a week, before he is there - a man having journeyed through the desert of his own mind - blinking up at an all-too-familiar sitting room window. A window where fairy lights had hung at Christmas. A window from which music had floated in spring. A window which was now dark, save the very faintest light reaching out to him, from somewhere deep within.
The biting London air doesn’t force John into a cab. Instead he walks, head down and collar turned up against the freezing winter wind, letting his legs guide him. He doesn’t notice the brick and mortar, the glass and steel, the white stone of the silent buildings he passes. He doesn’t see the sparkle of the city against the midnight sky. He doesn’t pay any mind to the rogue pigeons hopping out of his path as he stalks down the pavement, feet falling fast and heavy, as though he were losing his own private marathon through the empty streets.
[Sent] This has gotten far beyond my ability to endure. I had to do something. I have this horrible feeling that this is only going to get worse, and I am not sure I can watch that happen, with no means to intervene.
He joined John at the main table, Mycroft and Lestrade on either side of them and they took their seats, ready to let the feast and speeches and relative good time begin. But Sherlock couldn't wait to get on with the show, that way it would finally be their wedding night.
"That is where you'll find the Teller, now, do be so kind as to show yourselves out," Mycroft said, ignoring the two men as they got up and left the office. They climbed into the next available cab and were on their way to meet the mysterious prophet.
He replied with a smirk, which quickly disappeared the moment he read the tag. With an unreadable face he turned back to Molly. John laughed and took his place behind his date and unfroze the scene.
“Oh! I know... Do you want a cup of tea?” She asked, running into the kitchen, “Mrs. Hudson told me that’s what you guys do when you’re upset. You drink tea...” She came back into the room holding a box of loose leaf earl grey and another box of chamomile, “Which one would be better for this situation?” She held them out to him and he turned to her, an incredulous smile on his face before he shook his head and began laughing uncontrollably, “Was it something I said?” She asked quietly, bringing the boxes to her chest, suddenly very self-conscious.
“John?” A voice called, the creaking got louder until Mary walked through the door, a hand resting on her stomach, “You didn’t come back to the house... I figured you’d be here... Where’s Sherlock?” She smiled softly as she walked through the door.
"I've never heard of this before. This was definitely not in any of the lore." John said, picking the bullet out of the air and dropping it to the ground.
“Oh.” Sherlock mumbled, leaning into the computer, “Alright, John, help out a bit, come on.” John sighed, sitting across from Sherlock.
or..." John asked, looking back out at the street. Sherlock shrugged, removing the gun from Charles' hands and putting said hands behind the man's back. John however, ran out of the alley, onto the street where there was a car stopped and two people stopped mid-stride on the sidewalk. He walked up to them, snapping in their faces.
"You're bloody hopeless, aren't ya? Head over heels." Greg laughed and John scoffed, rolling his eyes.
"I haven't been trying anything," Sherlock laughed, "Should I? I already have increased awareness and observation skills. Do I need anything else?"
"He's... Well this is completely hush hush, but as you're one of our most prestigious clients, I realize you know a thing or two about keeping secrets... My brother has recently found himself bonded, and needs time to accept and nourish that connection." Mycroft explained and the man on the other end sighed.
"Mycroft!" Lestrade exclaimed, "I thought you weren't going to make it?" He walked to the British government.
“Client.” John replied shortly and Mary sighed, knowing that’d be the most conversation they would have that day. He dressed quickly and silently, looking at Mary one last time before he left the room. He ran down the stairs to find Olivia still sitting in the same spot he’d left her in, biting her thumb nail. He took a moment to observe her, her blonde hair was dyed, beginning to go darker at the roots. Her blue eyes were blood shot, she’d been crying for quite some time, probably got lost on her way to find his house. Her leg was shaking, she was experiencing withdrawal of some kind as her hand was shaking. He shook it off, Sherlock had rubbed off on him far too much.
"Leave the thinking up to me." Sherlock said, placing his hands on either side of John's shoulders, "Worry not, I'll make sure they find him guilty." With a reassuring smile and squeeze of John's shoulders, Sherlock was off, down the stairs and out of the flat. John hurried after him and they headed to the court house.
Sherlock and John began practicing together daily, though without the detective's knowledge, John began trying to focus on freezing Sherlock along with everyone else. He wasn't sure whether or not he could do it, but it didn't stop him from trying. He figured it would come in handy if the git ever tried to walk away from an argument. Or it would be fun to mess with him.
The detective groaned as he heard his flat mate's voice ring in his head. He flipped over onto his stomach, not wanting to get out of bed. It was a rare occasion that he felt this way, and this morning was one of the one's that, had he still been into old habits, he'd be in a drug induced coma.
“Everyone’s invested, Sherlock. He’s not threatening us, he’s threatening a child.” John growled, “My child.”
"No, John. I understand. You don't want to leave my side right now, as we were told, we're better off together for the time being. It's completely understandable. It's tedious, but understandable." He plopped down into his chair, his sheet bunched in his hands to hold it tight in the right spots.
John nodded, sniffing as he looked down at their hands, both with matching silver rings. As he looked up, the minister pronounced them married, and they kissed. The spark of fire helping to confirm their union for no one but themselves.
"Yes, obviously. But... Are they... I mean." He struggled to find the right way to ask. Sherlock looked at him, half amused, half annoyed. John was beginning to understand that this was Sherlock's normal look.
"Do focus on the water, but if it makes you feel better, I'll put the fire in the fireplace." Sherlock sighed and stood, grabbing his frozen fire and walking to the mantle, throwing it into the fireplace.
"Right." John nodded, and the two began laughing as they climbed out of the car, "Buckingham palace." He said softly as they were ushered into the building and down a few corridors. They were taken to a room with a sofa, Sherlock's clothes were placed before him, but he still didn't bother putting them on.
“Yeah, well...” John said, still not on the best terms with the British government, “We’ll be going in then... Unless you were about to...”
"Yes, and you're unsure why we're here and who our client is, and it's making you restless." John replied, looking over at Sherlock, "It
"I have." John shrugged, "It's not something you get used to." He cupped his mug in his hand, not lifting it, but not leaving it be. Greg sighed and watched him.
"What do you suggest we do today then? I can look over the case files and make a deduction, it's simple, really." Sherlock steepled his hands beneath his chin and stared intently at his mate, John cleared his throat uncomfortably, squirming a bit under Sherlock's glare.
Moriarty played his game, sang his songs, yelled at Sherlock. John tried to get a hold of him so Sherlock could get away. There he was, sacrificing himself for a man he hardly knew. But it didn't matter, because in the end, Moriarty was a step ahead of them.
Ah, the prophet George. I thought it might be cool to work in that there had been a Sherlock and John before. Just cause. THEY'RE ALWAYS DESTINED TO FIND EACH OTHER! Just sayin.
As my first foray into Sherlock AU, I think I did pretty well..... Let me know how ya feel about it!!!!
"And you stole my gun, for protection." He held it out and Sherlock eyed it warily, taking it only after Greg shook his hand once.
"Dammit!" He shouted, the cabby looking back at him, confused, "Sorry." He shook his head, continuing to listen into their conversation.
"Is that your ability? You can make people feel high?" Sherlock asked, his head becoming normal again, "Or does it only work on me?"
"Sorry boys! I'm sooooo changeable!" The madman shouted, and they were all ready to die. John's hands were clenched into fists and he was severely disappointed that he might die before understanding why his hands were on fire. But then a phone call pulled Moriarty away and left the two newly burned flat mates staring at one another.
"It's not-- I didn't... I wasn't experimenting," Sherlock said, his eyes glazed over, a dazed look still dominating his features, "I don't know what's happening." He reached up to touch John's face and John almost jerked back, not wanting his face to burn. But something in his gut told him to stay put, that he knew what this was. Sherlock reached out with wide eyes and his fingers made contact with John's cheek. There was no burning, but an incredible warmth that seemed to spread throughout his body and suddenly, he felt weak. John collapsed onto his knees in front of Sherlock, the detective's hand still cupping the doctor's cheek.
"We..." Sherlock began, "Should go home." He said, clearing his throat. John nodded, smiling slightly and the two left the pool, and the jacket bomb, behind.
“Ready to go?” He asked, offering his kindest smile. She sniffed, smiling back as she stood, following John out the door. They took a cab to Baker Street, getting out at the exact same time a black car pulled up in front of the flat. John paid and exited the cab, Olivia followed soon there after, nervously fidgeting with her hands.
"Stop it, just stop this." He interrupted, his hand gripping onto Sherlock's arm. The detective looked down at it, the pressure should have been uncomfortable, but he found it to be the exact opposite. Somehow it was calming, "If you died, I don't know what I would do."
eyes look blue, and that would be a nuisance. He sighed, tightening the piece of fabric that already felt as though it was strangling him, he hated ties.
“Right. Thanks.” He said, settling back against the chair, “You can head home, Mary. I think I’m gonna stay here tonight.”
"Expressing my deductions now, are we?" Sherlock asked, his brow raised, "Interesting. I hadn't even fully formed them yet."
"No, I think you're doing it. It's coming from you, and doesn't seem to be effecting you," Sherlock explained, his eyelids heavy.
This took QUITE a while for me to get around to, and I'm very sorry. Working two jobs is no joke. Plus, I had other ideas infiltrate my mind and steal my focus and I'm so very very sorry. I'll keep up with this one for right now though!!! PROMISE!
"You're making me feel light headed." Sherlock held up a hand, "Stop, please." He laughed suddenly, letting his head fall onto his hand.
The moment Mycroft met Lestrade, the air seemed to change. Mycroft was... Softer, somehow. They shook hands, nothing happened. Or at least that's how Sherlock saw it. Mycroft claimed his hand burned where Lestrade touched it. And since that day, they'd been inseparable. It was annoying to Sherlock, however, because the day they'd met, was the first day he was allowed on a crime scene by his own volition. After that, he wasn't sure whether Lestrade let him in because he needed him, or because his brother made him. He favored the former. Only his brother forming a fake bond could make him feel inadequate. But he soon realized there wasn't an actual bond, they were just... In love. No matter how many times Mycroft said, "Caring is not an advantage," and he
"No. I was going to say amazing. But tedious works too. I guess." John tried his best not to think anything else for the remainder of their trek to Mycroft's.
"The last time I ever arrested Sherlock for using... Instead of taking him in, I took him straight to Mycroft. I then gave the man an earful about looking after his brother, told him he should worry about him more than the country. Told him if I were him, that's what I would do. Hell, that's what I did. I sacrificed my job for the bloke constantly, still do." He took a drink, and glanced around for a few seconds before continuing, "When I was about to leave, he extended his hand. The first time he ever wanted to shake my hand for looking after his brother the way I did. And his thank you was so sincere. When our hands connected, they burned. It went straight up my arm and into my chest. And that was that, we were bonded."
“I know.” Sherlock smirked, looking around the room as if it meant just as much to him as it did to John, “It’ll be weird living with someone besides you.” The sentiment wasn’t lost on John who smiled softly up at the detective.
“Oh, no, now that you’re here I’m sure my brother will have no patience for me.” And with one last interested look at Olivia he climbed into the black car that was still waiting with its door open and it drove away.
"Yes, thank you. We'll be fine, you can go in there and leave us." John said, in an oddly demanding tone that made Sherlock's shoulder's tense and his face heat, "And, if Mycroft has installed any cameras, I suggest you turn them off." He smiled, tight lipped, but the attendant tilted her head, clearly confused.
"Focussing on the object, or in our case, person, whom you most desire." He said it coldly, scientifically, but John decided that was the only way he knew how. It was John's turn to let his eyes fall, unable to keep them on Sherlock's face for fear that his cheeks would be too flushed. He allowed his thumb to trace circles on Sherlock's wrist as he released his grip and then tightened it again, squeezing a bit.
“Oh?” Sherlock asked, “But it’s taking you to your family.” He said quietly, letting his eyes drop, “To your home.”
“You know, just because we probably won’t ever get the chance to say it ever again...” John breathed, remembering when Sherlock dared to say that phrase, following it with a ridiculous cover, “I do love you, Sherlock Holmes.” Sherlock lifted his chin at that, clenching his jaw, his eyes becoming hardened before he allowed himself to smirk.
“Not a lot... Um, her name is Annie Green... She worked at a pet store... She had me when she was 19... Gave me up about two years later. Don’t know why, there was no note or anything. She just left me at a fire station.” She breathed deeply after finishing her story, as if it was a supremely difficult tale to tell. John looked from her to Sherlock, hoping he’d agree to take the case.
"Sorry, yeah. I'll ask," John said, smiling softly across, trying to create a calm atmosphere for the two of them. Sherlock suddenly found himself feeling very light and warm as he stared across the room at John.
"Sherlock, watch out!" John said as Sherlock looked ahead, almost running face first into someone, but John tugged him back before he could do so. Sherlock barely avoided a collision with the frozen man and instead found himself knocking into John. Their laced fingers made the simultaneous fall unavoidable and soon Sherlock found himself falling on top of John with a huff.
"He said it burned where they touched and he was dizzy. But believe me, they're not bonded. I mean either one is hardly super human." Sherlock laughed at the thought as they reached the flat and pushed inside, heading up the stairs, tossing their coats aside and settling into their respective chairs. It was odd that they already had their own chairs. Sure, Sherlock wasn't going to give up his comfortable leather one. It was the perfect chair for thinking. As John sat in the red chair, however, Sherlock couldn't help but think that it matched him perfectly. There was no other chair that could house John Watson. Certainly not his own perfect leather thinking chair. It was
. John's voice popped in his head and Sherlock laughed and ran a hand through John's short hair; he growled and dragged his hands up, wrapping them around Sherlock's behind and pulling him closer, effectively sending the detective deeper into his own throat. All humor was sucked (
“Oh, alright.” He kicked at the ground before turning, he swiveled back briefly to look at Olivia, “Hey, Olivia, I’d say give my love to your mother, but, she’s already in the room.” He smiled and turned around, shouting behind him as he descended the steps, “See you around, boys!” They all stood silently as they heard the car out front drive away, John stood unmoving, hardly even blinking. Sherlock had retreated into his mind palace. Mary took Violet out of Olivia’s arms so she could hold her close and Olivia sat on the couch, hugging her legs to her.
"Don't you ever do anything like that again." He demanded, holding out his hand. Sherlock took it and he helped the man up, his fists clenching again as he realized he was angry. He hesitated but eventually decided to punch Sherlock as hard as he could in his arm.
"Yes I know, if I die, you inadvertently die as well. But good old George wasn't even sure how long it'd take, you could have years-"
“If for nothing else, do it for the child.” Sherlock said quietly and John squeezed his eyes shut, scrubbing his face with his hands.
"In there, no peeking." John winked at her and she blushed, walking away quickly and ducking into the room marked employee quarters. John rounded on Sherlock as soon as she was gone and as Sherlock was about to speak, John stalked towards him, effectively cutting him off as he reached out and brought his face within inches of the detective, "oh shut up." John said, bringing their lips together for the first time since the reception. They were alone this time, and he wasted no time in heating things up. He was not soft in his approach and pushed into Sherlock's mouth with a hunger, his hands tugging into the detective's hair. As he pulled away, he dragged his teeth along Sherlock's bottom lip, a surprised moan escaped his mouth, John smirked.
“Ok.” She said, walking back into the kitchen and setting the boxes down on the table, “So... Not to be rude but... If Sherlock is in jail... I guess this means he won’t find my mom, huh?”
"Mycroft." John said, cutting off any greeting, "Don't talk, just listen, Moriarty has three gunmen, one on me, one on Lestrade and one on Mrs. Hudson. Take them out." He hung up, stuffing the phone back in his pocket, knowing he would be jumping out of his seat the moment he heard Lestrade was a target.
“I love you.” John repeated, a smile forming on his face that Sherlock was matching, the detective brought up his own hand to rest against John’s cheek, his thumb worried over the skin there, John leaned in, feeling so happy his chest could burst.
. He demanded and the detective did just that. He sat quickly and looked up at John in anticipation. John's eyes stayed locked with Sherlock's as he dropped to his knees in front of him, his hands dragged up his thighs, squeezing lightly as he went along. He looked down at the new bulge in the black fabric and breathed deeply.
John circled his frozen partner, now husband and laughed quietly to himself. It had been ten minutes since he'd stopped the detective from insulting Anderson and some of Anderson's followers and transported them into a deserted and quiet hallway. After sighing and putting on a very angry face, he let Sherlock go.
"Tea?" John asked, already heading into the kitchen. Needing to turn his back on Sherlock, if only for a moment, to escape the scrutiny of those eyes.
“Yeah. You’re right.” John shrugged, opting for a passive approach and passed by him, heading back into the room. Sherlock followed holding his hand up so he wouldn’t see and indecent parts of Mary.
"Thank you." John said softly, walking to Sherlock and placing a soft kiss on his lips. The detective smiled down at his new blogger husband as their parents filed into the room, followed shortly thereafter by Anderson. Sherlock scoffed as the rest of his fan club filed in after.
“Alright, well, my name is Olivia, Olivia Green...” She began quietly, clearing her throat, “And I’ve come here because... I’d like you to find my mother.”
"I know." John smiled as he stepped onto the private aircraft, "Oh this'll do." He said, smiling widely as he took off his jacket. Sherlock reluctantly began to remove his and John rolled his eyes, quickly helping him out of it and pushing him into the seating area.
"Nothing." John shook his head and as the cab pulled around the corner, he saw Sherlock spinning around desperately searching for something. There was a man on the ground next to him, unmoving, "Stop here!" He said, throwing money at the man and jumping out, "Sherlock!" He shouted, running up to the detective.
Only she did, and the look on her face, her body language, everything about her screamed infatuated, and Sherlock was
“So that was him...” She stated shortly, looking at the three catatonic people in the room, “Hello!” She shouted and John snapped out of it, closing his eyes and laughing.
After several tedious hours filled with insincere thank you's, the reception ended. The speeches were over, Mycroft's bored Sherlock to tears; everyone else cried as well, why, he didn't know. Lestrade's had everyone laughing as he told stories about Sherlock and John on crime scenes. John was especially pleased when most of the stories revealed how stubborn yet completely selfless Sherlock could be.
“Probably not, no... But I’ll do my best to help.” John smiled reassuringly, “Hell, I’ll ask Mycroft for help if I have to.”
"Of course you had a choice in the matter!" Moriarty shouted, reaching out and taking Sherlock's hand into a handshake, "Think,
Weeks passed, they took cases, things went on. They told no one of their bond, not even Lestrade, though they figured he already knew. Then one night, they found themselves running through the streets of London, not too unlike their first night together. This time they were chasing a supposed serial killer, who was murdering young school age boys. When they'd finally cornered him in an alley, he turned back, holding up a gun in defense.
"Well our futures are determined by our choices... So clearly you and I are thinking two completely different ways about something." Sherlock said, hailing a cab.
"What?" She asked, slightly confused before she realized who he was, "You're John Watson." She smirked, sauntering up to him.
"Well, no. And that's why the numbers have dwindled, you see. It's the ability to form these bonds that is in your blood... But finding them, well that's up to each person. Such as your brother."  He turned to Sherlock, taking a sip of his tea that he picked up off of the small table in front of him.
As soon as John was in Sherlock’s room he ripped the file open, throwing it onto the bed as he peeled his jacket off. He knew giving Sherlock the flash drive to copy before he burned it in front of Mary was a good idea. He leafed through the papers, looking at pictures of Mary from years before when her initials were R.A.
"I thought I was the only one who'd manifested any sort of teleportation power?" Sherlock asked, racking his brain for any instance in which John had indeed shown the ability of this power.
, Sherlock thought they'd be on the same side. But accepting sentiment does that to a man, he supposed.
"Too bad we can't freeze each other." Sherlock said, hoisting himself off of the ground and pulling John up after him. The shorter man nearly lost his footing again as he got a head rush, falling against Sherlock.
When Mycroft sent Lestrade up to check on the two of them, John decided to have a talk with the DI, to ask him about his bond with Mycroft. The two men sat at a table after they'd chased Frankland into the mine field. Sherlock had already gone to bed, opting to pass out since he hadn't slept a wink since the case started.
“For us.” John corrected her, “He says your safe now.” She glanced up from behind her hands, tears forming behind her eyes.
He heart the Irish accent in his head, confused by their origins. Deciding it must have been something Sherlock was experiencing he concentrated, closing his eyes. When he opened them again he knew he wasn't seeing his own cab's interior. He was staring down at the small TV screen, watching as Moriarty told a story about a knight of the round table. It was a warning, a clear message to Sherlock, and things began clicking into place.
"So why have you invited me here, Dr. Watson?" She asked, her hands wringing together in anticipation. John turned around with a tray in his hand, setting it down on the table, pouring first Kitty a cup and then giving Sherlock his. Taking his own last, he sat in his chair, turning to the journalist, "What are you offering me?" She asked instead after the room remained silent. John smiled at her and after a quick glance to Sherlock who rolled his eyes and nodded, he turned back to her.
"Dr. and Mr. Watson-Holmes, lovely to have you on board with us tonight. The flight will take a while, and we will be making a pit stop in New Delhi. There is a bed through those doors, should you wish to rest." The flight attendant told them, smiling. John nodded.
“Almost immediately.” Sherlock scoffed, rolling his eyes as he moved to sit in his chair. Mary sniffled as she rocked Violet against her.
"John, I imagine..." He began but sighed, a pulse, "I'm sure you think love is a mystery to me." He said finally, glancing up for a moment at John through his lashes, noticing the surprised look that crossed his features, another pulse, "It's chemistry isn't." He reached out and grabbed onto John's hand, two of his fingers feeling for his wrist. Sherlock's aura brightened at the touch and John couldn't control the increase in his pulse, and he knew that's what Sherlock was looking for.
The jealousy settled in and soon after, so did the guilt. He should not have felt such emotions in such a rigorous time, he needed to keep it together, to soldier on, for Sherlock, for Mycroft, and for himself. For Rosie, his daughter, she was counting on him to survive. She couldn’t grow up an orphan.
“Sherlock, you’d better get into that bloody car, or so help me god, I will bludgeon you to death.” Mary said suddenly turning and grabbing the detective by his scarf.
As per Sherlocks request, they were to be married in an observatory. Though he'd originally wanted to do it in the lab at St. Barts, John told him it wasn't big enough, to which he protested that he didn't want that many people there... It went on and on, until they finally settled on the observatory.
He could feel Sherlock drawing nearer and wasn't surprised when the door creaked open. He barely glanced to the side as Sherlock shuffled in awkwardly walking to the edge of his bed, kneeling down on the floor, in front of John. He could see Sherlock's aura, it wasn't pulsing as it normally was, it was a low glow, brightened only by his proximity to John, to his closeness to the bond.
“Hey,” Sherlock had, once more, silently crept into the room without John noticing. John started and turned around to chide him, but Sherlock was gloriously naked and John forgot all about telling him off. “Come back to bed?”
“We can go and say hi to Molly,” John suggested, trying to remember whether they had invited her and Greg to their Christmas dinner already. It wouldn’t hurt to do it twice, just in case.
Sherlock shook his head. “I told you before. I’m not wasting it. I’m making choices, just like you.” Maybe accepting the man’s view of himself would be the key out of this box whose walls moved ever closer together.
45 minutes later a uniform ushered two elderly men in and announced the two DIs. Sherlock promptly stepped on the taller man’s foot.
Sherlock gently placed his hand over John’s and leaned into the touch before John pulled it away to let him get on with the usual routine. “Greg,” Sherlock turned to him, beaming. “Tell me everything you have on the case!”
And it was personal, clearly, but Sherlock couldn’t think of who might have sent the letter. What he did know, though, was the public announcement board of the Belsize Community Library. It had taken him a while to wander through Hampstead, trying to remember which building seemed familiar enough to him to evoke a sense of memory. It had gotten dark as he had visited city halls and galleries, post offices and supermarkets. And, finally, he had stopped and searched in his mind palace. It only took him a couple of minutes to find what he was looking for and he pitied himself for his stupidity. While the plaque commemorating the opening of the library in 1937 was just out of frame in the last photo of the envelope, he recognized the panelling and the cork wall of the announcement board.
He wiped his hands on Sherlock’s wet towel and moved closer, giving himself another couple of strokes before he pushed inside Sherlock slowly. He closed his eyes and let himself fall forward, and Sherlock wrapped his arms around him. They looked at each other, faces bright, eyelashes almost glowing in the light of a two dozen tiny bulbs.
“Come here, your bath is ready” he called out, but Sherlock was already on the threshold to the bathroom. He must have watched him silently. The thought sent a delicious bolt of heat down his spine.
“I’m here after all, aren’t I?” Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, fighting against light-headedness. Maybe he should have eaten something yesterday.
The eerie silence that had accompanied their struggle so far was suddenly cut through by the shrill sound of a phone. Momentarily distracted, the man lowered the blade far enough for Sherlock to turn his head away so that the blade was closer to his clavicle. He then released all the tension from his muscles, making his body as heavy and unmanageable as a sack of flour. It surprised the man enough to let go.
Now, all that's left for me is thank Anarion, for being a wonderful co-writer and friend, and to wish all of you a happy and peaceful Christmas!
The man’s face did something funny and, despite the cotton his head seemed to be filled with, Sherlock recognised that expression. He was torn between wanting to boast and berating Sherlock for not knowing the answer. For the first time, he felt truly terrified of the similarities between them.
“Please, call the police!” he said urgently as he slowly walked away from her. Apparently, he looked desperate enough for her to just stare at him with wide eyes. "Do it quickly. Make sure DI Greg Lestrade knows that Sherlock Holmes is here. DI Lestrade. Insist on that. This is important. Now keep running. Don't look to your left! Pretend that nothing's happened!” He continued to back away and the woman immediately took off at what Sherlock assumed was a normal pace for an early morning run. He could see her pull out her phone from it’s sleeve and dial a number before she was too far away.
A few moments later, Sherlock stopped what he was doing, straightened up and looked him straight in the eye.
“Snowflake?” He went through the pile, pulling the letter with the snowflake print out and shoving the rest back at Mrs Hudson.
John brushed his teeth first and then picked up the mugs to place them into the sink before he unhooked one of the fairy light chains from the mirror above the mantelpiece. It was battery powered, which pleased John. He switched it off and took it into the bedroom and hid it under the bed for a moment. When Sherlock came out of the bathroom, freshly showered despite the late hour, and with red eyes which gave away his emotional state, John made him sit down on the bed and towelled his hair dry.
Sherlock knew immediately what to look for and his fingers stroked up and down his sleeve, looking for the cut and not finding it. Then he turned it inside out and found that it had been very delicately closed with a very thin, blue thread.
John shrugged. He had no idea what Sherlock was trying to get him to see. “They all have the same slogan written on it?”
Sherlock felt his blood run cold a little. “You wanted me to kill my family so I could find another killer?”
do that!” Within the span of a few seconds John had gone from fed up to utterly angry. Sherlock wondered if maybe knowing how much it upset John was worth the cut. But then he remembered how his stomach had twisted painfully at the realisation and he nodded. “He did.” His voice sounded strangely choked. When John very carefully pulled the coat off his shoulders and gently laid it aside, Sherlock was more than surprised when John turned his attention back to him and his arm and not the coat. The jacket followed and then John was unbuttoning his shirt, pushing it over his shoulders, too, before he very carefully freed first his good arm and then peeled the cotton off the arm with the cut. While the wound had closed against the sleeve, the removal of the cloth opened it again.
“When you say … choice,” John tried to frown, but he knew that Sherlock’s skewed way of seeing the world couldn’t be rectified by judgmental looks or politely cleared throats or gentle reprimands.
“Notice anything peculiar?” he asked, rocking back and forth on his heels now - possibly against the cold, but more probably because he always got excited when asking John to make an observation, always hoping - often in vain - that John would see what he saw.
John wondered whether he should say something about the cottage, but he guessed that since Sherlock did not seem to want to read the will and Mrs Hudson didn’t say anything, it might be something with which he could surprise Sherlock eventually, especially since he had talked about retirement just recently. Yet he could not and did not want to imagine life without Mrs Hudson in it. She took the envelope back and sighed again. “I’m going downstairs now. I intend on sleeping in tomorrow, so please be quiet in case you … have plans.”
The first light was peeking over the horizon when they fell asleep again, happy and exhausted and sated.
This was nothing like the quick blowjob by the bathtub. This was Sherlock concentrating entirely on him, with nowhere else to go and nothing else to do. He felt goosebumps rise on his arms and the back of his neck. When Sherlock sped up for a moment, he moaned, and, as if that had been the signal Sherlock had been waiting for, he wrapped his other hand around himself and stroked until he was hard, too. When he stopped, they were both breathing heavily.
The fourth murder scene was somewhat more spectacular, because, as Sherlock had already indicated, the man had been an artist. His flat was full of arts and crafts materials, including self-made cards that read “Make a Wish” and “You say Bah Humbug, I say Bahamas”. John chuckled at that one while ignoring the blood stains on the carpet.
He watched Sherlock settle into the bubble bath and for a moment, he couldn’t hold back his laughter when all the sooty bits were still above water while the clean body parts were underwater.
“I’m afraid, that’ll be the fourth body,” Sherlock shrugged. “My homeless network came up empty handed. There’s no place in London that offers that specific image. And they found snowflake drawings and ink at the man’s place.”
“Oh, shut up, Sherlock. I mean it. You’re doing important work and it excites you. I mean, I’d rather not have people be killed in the first place, but considering the circumstances ...”
“Hmm, well, the not caring part I get. It was a little more selective with mine. But sending me away when I was so close, that was just cruel.” He saw the helicopter touch down on the other side of the vast meadow they were standing on. “I do wonder how you would have reacted if I had managed to solve the case.” Sherlock forced himself to look at the man. He took a step to the left as to direct his attention away from the men approaching them quickly. He knew that they might be too late, but he was impressed by the speed of it all.
He continued down hill until he had to cross a small bridge. He knew it would be harder to find them if he entered the streets, so he forced himself to stop, his back against the pillar of the bridge, catching his breath. Lestrade would be at home and very likely asleep. They didn’t know he was in danger. John, hopefully, would also be asleep and not worry too much. He felt something in his chest tighten for a moment, imagining coming home to find John sleeping in their bed, an open book next to him and his watch neatly placed on the bedside table next to a glass of water and his alarm clock. He recalled the vision he had had earlier and for the first time in his life, he could imagine leaving all this behind. Eventually. If he survived.
Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly getting ready to berate John for being amused by something so pedestrian as dirt. So in order to make sure that he wouldn’t, John moved a little closer, and, careful not to touch any sooty part of Sherlock, pressed a kiss to his mouth. Then his tongue darted out and he tasted soot even on his own lips. Sherlock did crack a smile at John’s disgusted expression then, and John felt slightly less guilty for laughing.
“The…um… the window is bolted shut. My wife is scared of burglars. And yes, I know that sounds ridiculous given the reason we are standing here.”
“Would you say it’s a choice, then, for you?” Sherlock knew that sounding too conversational might not be appropriate, but it seemed to work with the man.
Sherlock stayed on the ground, rolled over, hooked one foot behind the man’s left leg and kicked at his knee with the other. There was a satisfying crunch and then his opponent went down with a scream.
“That was Anderson’s theory,” John pointed out, gently running his hands across Sherlock’s clean chest.
As he stood there, he realised how quiet it was. London was always noisy, even in the middle of the night, whether it was sirens going off in the distance, drunk people walking home from the clubs or just the noises of cars in general. But just then, it was eerily quiet. “‘Twas the night before Christmas,” John grinned as he quietly recited the lines which he had not thought of in ages. “And all through the house, not a creature was stirring, not even a mouse.”
“You’re very welcome. Now, bed.” John took the coat from Sherlock and draped it across the back of a chair before he switched off the fairy lights and climbed into Sherlock’s arms. “Good night.”
“Useless,” Sherlock muttered before he reframed his question. “Have you noticed anything strange going on in the library?”
“Oh, I can think of quite a number of reasons,” Sherlock took a step forward. He did not feel comfortable being crowded in by the man so he tried to do the same to him. “Number one would have been that I am not a compulsive murderer.”
When he woke up again, it was still dark outside. For a moment, John wondered once more whether he had just dreamt of Sherlock joining him in bed, but when he reached out, he found the solid, warm body next to him. Sherlock was breathing deeply and regularly and John was glad that he hadn’t woken him up. After all, Sherlock’s brain work was exhausting, no matter what he said.
She resurfaced from her puzzle when she heard John and Sherlock coming down the stairs again. She got up when the door slammed, because she’d just remembered the mail.
I sincerely apologise for the brevity of my entries. Real life has decided that this week needs to be extra hard on me. :(
“Tonight?” Sherlock asked and looked up at him with burning eyes. “I don’t know. I mean, I don’t know what I will be doing tonight, so maybe …” He loosened his arms and opened John’s trousers, carefully pulling him out and into his mouth. John moaned quietly, trying to remember when Sherlock had last done that to him. He sucked him into hardness and then slowly, lovingly, brought him to orgasm. John’s eyes were fixed on Sherlock’s face when he came and some of it splashed into the bathwater while Sherlock managed to swallow some.
Sherlock was very quiet, and when John managed to wipe the tears out of his eyes and sit up straight again, still giggling uncontrollably, he looked like a very angry, very battered and dirty owl which had been rescued by animal services and which couldn’t wait to flutter away again - if it weren’t for the protective orange towel wrapped around it. The way he held the blanket close around him while peering over it’s edge at John led to new peals of laughter.
“You were a child, Sherlock,” John noted and Sherlock didn’t seem to find that to be relevant at all.
John was still not looking at him and his voice was not angry, just disappointed. Which was even scarier than anger. Lestrade must have told him that Sherlock was wounded, but not life-threatening, otherwise John would have demanded.to look at his wounds as soon as he got in.
She stopped in her tracks and then cocked her head, her eyes moving back and forth between John, holding the bag with the coat and the trousers, while Sherlock looked like he was trying to sneak up the stairs silently, that John realised how much like a very strange version of Santa (or rather the Grinch) and his helper they must have looked like. He and Mrs Hudson started laughing at the same time. For a moment, Sherlock looked like he was going to drop the shoes and not take any further steps of not getting soot everywhere, but then he sighed and joined in their laughter.
“But why am I here. Just so you can kill me, too, and call it a day? Who will you be upset with after you’ve done it? It appears that I am quite the motivator for your little killing spree and I am certain that things won’t be the same after.”
Sherlock stared at the contents of the envelope for a few minutes, then he grabbed his coat and rushed out. His tea stood on the kitchen table, cooling slowly. Next to it was his phone, also forgotten about.
“Well, you get to be right once a year,” he came to stand next to John and his grin grew a little less excited and a lot gentler. “I’ll have them run tests, but it does make sense in the greater scheme of things.”
“You think you can just walk away?” The man asked when he was in earshot and Sherlock was ready to say something along the lines of “obviously”, but the expression on his face told him that it would be better to not say anything right then.
“Very likely someone with a power complex, too. Someone walking through the crowd, smiling while picking out their next victim.”
She took her tea and her crossword puzzle into the living room, which was the furthest away from the bathroom. She’d been living with her tenants long enough to know what things bathtimes led to.
He looked out of the dusty attic window over the vast expanse of London. Having a house on a hill had certain advantages. Even if the house was old and creaky and not much to look at. He watched the trees moving in the wind and thought he could already smell snow in the air. He liked the way snow covered everything and made the world more quiet.
“Nah,” Lestrade scoffed. “You being alive is my Christmas present! Though, John might still kill you after all of that.”
Sherlock jumped to his feet, kicked the blade out of the man’s hand (the way he handled the blade, he was an expert knife thrower) and turned towards the door. Then he remembered the locked door, grabbed the nearest chair and smashed a window in.
At 5:00 pm he had called everybody but Mycroft and at 7:00 pm he finally caved and called even him. No one knew where Sherlock was. At 8:00 pm the flat was filled with people: Mrs Hudson (fretting), Lestrade (also fretting but still trying to be rational) and Mycroft (outwardly cool, internally more hysterical than Mrs Hudson).
She had taken the mail inside with her and dropped in on the table next to the door. She would sort it later. First she made some tea, listening to the gurgling pipes. A much needed bath was being run upstairs, she just hoped Sherlock would not touch anything until he was clean.
Anarion couldn't post for personal reasons, so I'm posting her chapter today. If you wouldn't mind, send some love and positive vibes her way? Thanks! x
“Do it then,” he murmured. “Kill me and know you kept me from my true potential, just like my parents did.”
Sherlock imitated the sigh and shook his head. “And this is what Mrs Woodwinkle gets replaced by. What a shame.”
“That's what they say in these terrible films when someone gets married and their secret admirer is confronted with the …”
He dropped his expensive coat over a chair in the kitchen and walked over to the fireplace in the living room, the recently developed photographs in his hand. He smiled at the thought of this mundane task - having pictures developed. In December that probably evoked ideas of holiday greeting cards with cheery family pictures in front of a tree.
Sherlock showered and made tea, listening to John’s gentle snoring from the bedroom. He was glad that he’d decided to come home after the suspect turned out to be a dead end (not in the literal sense). He was still driven by cases, but some of the urgency had left him when John stepped into his life.
Sherlock appeared behind him and while John was fairly certain that Sherlock was excited about the stains on the carpet and hardwood floor, he stood behind John and allowed him to lean against him for a moment. Sherlock might have mocked him once for being empathetic, but, at least where John’s wellbeing was concerned, Sherlock had developed almost a sixth sense and immediately realised when John did not feel comfortable. John’s PTSD had been lying dormant for quite some time now, but the sight of the crime scene brought back memories that John would have rather left untouched.
The knife’s tip was now pressed against Sherlock’s chest and he wanted nothing more than to take a step back to ensure that there wouldn’t be a second cut to his coat. Funny, how he did not fear a cut to his own flesh as much as to his coat.
“I’m just saying. I had a feeling,” she continued. “The way you suddenly gave Sherlock something to focus on,” she shook her head. “That had never happened before. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that I am very glad that you two have each other and this is your tenth Christmas together, so I thought I’d give you something special.” She pulled an envelope out of the pocket of her dress. She held it out to both of them, but Sherlock didn’t move, so John finally took the envelope from her.
Sherlock nodded. Better not to touch on that dark part of their lives again. He inhaled deeply and then let his breath out in a shuddering sigh. “Thank you!”
“I’m glad you are making progress. I’m going back to bed, though. I’d love if you’d join me at some point.”
John chuckled. “Please don’t tell me that you like snow only because you can see blood splatters and footprints better in it.”
Greg had come over with pastries for a late breakfast and the accounts of the wrapping up of the case. They were sitting at the (for once empty and clean) kitchen table, sipping tea and talking quietly. Needlessly, because not even an explosion could wake Sherlock from his post-case-sleep, something which had once been proven by an actual explosion in the bathroom.
Sherlock walked down the corridor, smiling to himself. He found that he did, in fact, mean his apology and he knew that if John had still been mad at him, he couldn’t possibly hold it against him after this. Maybe he should apologise to people more often?
By the time they had reached Baker Street, the city was covered in two inches of fresh, heavy snow. John knew that most of it would be gone in the morning, as the city was too warm to carry snow for long, but he did stop on the second step to their front door and turned around to look at the street which lay calm and quite behind them, glistening in the orange light of the street lamps.
“Hmm", Sherlock wrapped his arm around his shoulder and gently tugged him along. “I quite agree. There’s snow and a couple of murders …”
He got up and walked to the fireplace where the same pictures hung that he had got in the mail. He looked at the ones he hadn’t seen before.
“Stabbed. It’s all in here.” She handed him four files. He was about to hand them over to Sherlock, but he waved them away. Clearly cause of death was not important to him right then.
Lestrade was back at the Yard, filing reports, but he had given them access to the next crime scene. An officer had shown them up the stairs but then left immediately, her face slightly green.
“Why are people so trusting? Why do people think others will simply help them, out of goodwill and charity. That’s not how life works.”
John was amazed by how much he had missed being this close to Sherlock and his plans for Christmas Day began taking on a slightly different shape. And Boxing Day. And the day after.
He folded the sheet carefully and returned it to its envelope. He couldn’t see her for the tears in his eyes.
“Erm,” the librarian looked a little lost and then surprise blossomed on his face. “No, but I know that George offered to do them for people as a way to practice. He was …”
“Gents,” the man behind the counter interrupted them, holding up his hands. “We’re closing in a couple of minutes. Eat up, please?”
John sighed. Sherlock clearly wasn’t willing to share his theory with him, so he followed him outside into the descending afternoon darkness to visit the crime scene of the fourth murder.
“The man with the white flat cleary locked that window again. He probably doesn't even remember doing it. His OCD forced him to check that the window is locked. He probably checked and closed it, because it’s what he does. Maybe he remembers that it was unlocked and therefore disruptive, but nowhere near as much as the foot prints. He would have been concentrating on those. He was clearly uncomfortable with them on his carpet and, well, you saw that he didn’t let me in again after …”
“Do you need to leave?” Sherlock asked quietly, his hand clasping John’s shoulder to give him something to concentrate on.
It took them a while until they were ready to step out of their little moment of peace, but eventually Sherlock remembered that he had places to be and only himself to blame for the delay, so he unplugged the tub and then washed again quickly while John made tea and toast, which they did take the time to eat, and brought him fresh clothes.
“Oh, no, there’s something I have to do first. Let me get dressed. I promise I will come home with you after.”
And he wore a coat that looked wrong, even though it was similarly cut to the other one. “Not a word!” said Sherlock and left the flat. John sighed. “Take your phone, Sherlock!” He picked it up after all and handed it to him on the curb where Sherlock had just managed to stop another cab. John would never understood how Sherlock did it.
When he moved back, Sherlock could see that he hadn’t slept. He wondered why that was before he remembered the librarian. He had probably called the police afterwards, just to report that this very strange man had come into the library and asked strange questions. Ahh, see something, say something. He chuckled. “Merry Christmas,” he said and pointed at the man who had now been handcuffed. “That’s my Christmas present to you.”
It was a familiar ritual, but usually it was frequently interrupted by gentle caresses and giddy recaps of their adventure. This time it was silent and sober. Sherlock didn’t like it.
“I proved that the murderer couldn’t have come through the chimney. The footprints were too clean, all things considered.”
With five people and a table in the room one had to be careful to not step on anybody’s feet. Sherlock, who wandered around while thinking, of course was not careful.
“Of what? The universe?” Sherlock realised why his earlier words about his being a motivator had struck a chord with the man. If that was how he saw the world, not unlike Moriarty had seen it, he wouldn’t be able to kill Sherlock without regretting it. Yet, regret usually came after the deed, so he was far from safe.
He found him already quite hard when he wrapped his hand around him and Sherlock shuddered when he began stroking him. After a while, he kissed him again and they continued to kiss until Sherlock came apart under his hand, clasping the rim of the bathtub hard as he shuddered through his orgasm.
“I don’t know,” the killer clasped his knife a little harder and Sherlock understood that he knew what was going on. What a mistake to underestimate him! He pushed his hands into his coat pockets as if to shield them from the cold. His left hand lay on the hilt of the knife but he knew that if he pulled it out now, he would likely die.
“The Christmas Murderer knew how to adhere to the rules. But you should have stopped him. And I gave you a
The city was still covered in snow and all was quiet and - mostly thanks to the very early hour -  peaceful. Sherlock walked towards his home and entered quietly, in hopes of not waking Mrs Hudson.
Sherlock didn’t say anything, just took in all the little details of the man’s appearance. The man looked back and Sherlock couldn’t shake the feeling that he saw nearly as much as he himself did. After a few seconds the man turned and walked towards the now empty playground, not even checking if Sherlock followed. Of course he did.
He had so much to do, so many things to prepare and still he lingered; basking in the knowledge of being a good disciple, of having done well.
Thank you so much for reading and commenting. This started out as a typical "Let's maybe do a calendar again this year ... ohh look there are prompts" thing and really quickly became a "but what if the murderer knew Sherlock when he was little ..." thing. It's been a joy to write these little stories. All typos etc. exist, because we never quite managed to plan ahead and write ahead, so everything was pretty much posted immediately.
“Should not have been… You are pointing towards the original so-called Christmas Murderer. It couldn’t have been you, you would have been a child.”
John wondered if that meant a quadruple murder would be welcome any other time of the year. Greg wondered why she made it sound like
“Did you ever think it would end like this?” The man took a step closer to Sherlock, but he did not stand as close as he had in his house, having learned from Sherlock’s self-defense tactic.
“Maybe you’re right. Either way, she did not expect someone to come in and eat them.” The husband looked more baffled than scared, which struck John as odd. Someone
Sherlock looked up for a moment and smiled. “I always thought that crime went decreased Christmas. It appears that this is not the case. Statistically, petty crimes are not booked, because police officers and even judges appear to adopt a misguided sense of kindness in December, but once you start searching …” he looked at the screen again. “Psychopaths, particularly, love the holiday season to commit the most gruesome murders. I wonder if the cause is to be found in traumatic early childhood experiences around Christmas. Hmm, I’m almost certain our man falls into that category.”
John knew that arguing now wouldn’t help him at all, so he silently took the bar and chewed on it, lost in thoughts.
“Good,” John stood up and walked over to him. He was naked now, but his hands and his entire face and parts of his neck were covered in greasy black stains.
She kissed both of her tenants - and heirs - on the cheek and then left the flat with a quiet “merry Christmas and to all a good night”.
When Sherlock told him about the showdown, John began cursing quietly. “I really wanted you there,” Sherlock admitted. “It wasn’t the first time that I knew you would have saved me, but you really would have resolved all of this much faster.”
John stared at him. Anderson stared at him. Lestrade, who had seen them pass his office and had been curious and followed them, stared at him.
John woke up in the middle of the night, being absolutely certain that Sherlock had not even entered the bedroom since he had crawled under the covers, hoping against hope that Sherlock might join him. But he had rested after the last case and the new one had him wide awake.
John and Greg hastened to get their coats on while Sherlock simply used the momentum of rushing down the stairs to slide into his coat and he had wound his scarf around his neck and slipped into his gloves, one hand raised to stop a cab which came to a halt with squealing tyres, obviously surprised by the sudden appearance of the dark energetic man in front of it before either John or Greg had left the flat.
Now that they were both sitting in their chairs and Mrs Hudson handed each of them a mug with punch, John suddenly couldn’t wait for Mrs Hudson to retire downstairs. He had plans involving Sherlock getting naked and fairy lights.
coming home to find John sleeping in their bed, an open book next to him and his watch neatly placed on the bedside table next to a glass of water and his alarm clock.
“Lie down,” John said and took the condom from the bed, opened the foil and rolled it onto himself. Then he picked up the fairy lights from under the bed. Sherlock gave him a doubtful look but did as he had been asked and spread his legs with a grin. John switched off the ceiling light and growled in reaction to Sherlock's move. He climbed between his legs, switching on the fairy lights and draping them around Sherlock so he was bathed in light. Then he applied copious amounts of lube, aware that it had been quite some time since he had slept with Sherlock like this. He took his time, too, to prepare him, knowing that they could sleep in the next day, too. And then maybe light another fire and just spend time together, with John typing up the most recent cases while Sherlock cursed at the telly. And then they could take a walk through the snow that, as if by magic, continued to fall and cover London again just when it seemed that it would all melt away.
He could see Sherlock inhale in order to protest, but when he looked at John’s undoubtedly tired face, he thought better of it and nodded. “I need to borrow your laptop.”
John blinked and rubbed his eyes, thinking that maybe his tired mind was playing tricks on him, but the figure remained standing there, eerily still and tinged in orange, just like the snow, making John believe that the long dress must have been snow white, too. The head was covered in what he guessed were blond curls and what must have been closed wings were visible behind them.
Mrs Hudson went back into her flat after putting the rubbish out, still smiling to herself. She didn’t know what the two men were up to this time, but she liked seeing Sherlock happy and laughing.
“Anderson, I have to apologise,” Sherlock said, sounding quite earnest, John thought. “I am sorry I refused to listen to your opinion. You were clearly right about our suspect not having come through the chimney and it was childish of me trying to prove you wrong when I did know that you were right.”
They walked uphill for almost 15 minutes until they reached a house with a large but neglected garden. The man entered, waited until Sherlock had followed and then locked the door. He showed Sherlock to a living room with an unlit fireplace and two armchairs.
“Well, it wasn’t to me.” John said, a little annoyed, but he was probably just hungry. The toast and tea hadn't really been sufficient as a meal and the bloody crime scene had left him exhausted. “Can we stop somewhere and eat?”
“Sherlock?” John had been the first one through the door and was immediately thrown off by the sight and smell that greeted him. There was a lot of blood, more blood than there should be, or could be, really, if only one person had been killed.
They moved as one, slowly incresing the speed of their movements and gasping each other's names. “Merry Christmas,” John moaned eventually, just before he came and Sherlock laughed and held him harder only to follow a few moments later. “Merry Christmas, John,” he kissed against his lips.
“New Scotland Yard,” Sherlock said and looked out of the window as the cab started driving. His hand found John’s and held on to it until they had reached their destination. Once there, he pulled John halfway through the building, and, to John’s great surprise, past Lestrade’s office and further down the hall. At the very end, he knocked on the last door. Anderson’s office. John was incredibly confused.
John grinned and Sherlock opened his mouth to explain that he of course knew that gullible people believed that Santa came down the chimney (he only knew because it was relevant to a case, of course), a statement that was to be followed by a lengthy explanation of why John was so much better suited to climb up that chimney, but all of that was cut short by Anderson shouting, “He must have taken off his shoes to go back to the chimney! How else did he not leave footprints?”
It was barely past five when they arrived home. Sherlock moved towards the standard lamp to turn on the lights, when John said, “Leave it. We both barely slept last night. Want to come to bed with me straight away?”
When he returned from the bedroom, he looked much more put together than he had any right to be. He wore a different jacket and scarf, a dark red one that John had once bought him when Sherlock’s had one been doused in coffee when a client had excitedly tried to thank him for his service, forgetting he was still holding a mug of coffee when he raised his arms in triumph.
Sherlock took his hand but instead of getting up, he pulled until John had to climb on top of him. John took the mug and placed it on the small table he could just reach before he kissed Sherlock. Sherlock’s arms sneaked around his back and he pulled him close and pressed his face against John’s chest. John cradled his head and kissed his hair until Sherlock exhaled shakily and pulled back a little. “She must have had too much to drink,” he shook his head. “She can’t possibly mean it.”
Sherlock pulled the envelope out of his coat pocket to look at its content one more time. The photographs of the tattoos were clearly not the ones taken by forensics. Nobody else would have had access to the corpses to take such photos then but murderer. Next, there was a letter, printed on thick paper and folded trice, addressed to him.
They took their respective seats and Sherlock decided to ignore the blade on the table next to the man’s chair for now.
John sighed and gave Sherlock a searching look. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be angry with you. What happened?” He very carefully began cleaning the wound and then closed it with a patch. “You might need stitches. We’ll see if we need to go to the hospital later.” Then he cleaned the rest of the blood away before he picked up the bloodied shirt. His hands were shaking lightly and Sherlock felt a little sick.
Sherlock sighed and scrunched up his nose. “I don’t want to think about that right now. I need to see the other two crime scenes.”
They arrived at the first crime scene at Covent Garden a few minutes later. The body had been found under one of the merchant’s stalls, carrying Christmas cards and other printed materials. The corpse has been covered by a sheet to hide the sight from the crowd that had gathered around the taped off area, hungry to catch a glimpse at the gruesome scene. Blood splatters covered the ground around the body, but, to John’s surprise, Sherlock did not immediately whip out his magnifying glass to get a closer look at the splashes, nor did he uncover the body and ask for John’s medical opinion. He stood and stared at the merchandise on the stall, that far-away look on his face when he was searching for something in his mind palace. Finally, he shook his head as if to clear it and turned to John.
He opened the envelope and pulled the pictures out. Thank God this task was done by machines now, otherwise his choice of subject would have raised questions, no doubt.
“Right,” Sherlock said and squeezed his shoulder briefly before he walked past him and circled the blood stain once, his eyes flicking left and right and up and down through the room before he knelt down on the ground and sniffed the stain. John felt slightly sick, but it helped to remind himself of his purpose in this. “It’s blood, Sherlock,” he cleared his throat. “And I think it’s more than one person’s blood.”
“What are you talking about, Mrs Hudson. You’re not a clairvoyant,” Sherlock said, sounding interested nonetheless. John tried to remember the day when he had walked into this flat for the first time. While he couldn’t remember the details, he did remember Sherlock standing very close to him, asking him whether he wanted to come along to their first crime scene. He looked at Sherlock and found him looking back at him with a smile.
The man was now approaching him faster, possibly realising that Sherlock was waiting for him but afraid he might run off after all. He was sure that he wouldn’t throw his remaining knife, because, if he missed, it would sink into the small canal behind him.
“They did not fit your pattern,” Sherlock sighed. “If they had offered to help or accepted help, they would be dead in that white, white house.”
“It’s pathetic,” he shook his head. “Offering to tattoo people for free? How could they not expect to be hurt in the process?”
But Mrs Hudson proceeded to stand there and look down on the two of them with a smile on her face. Finally, she sighed and shook her head. “Remember when you told me you would need the second bedroom?” she asked John, who had, in fact, forgotten about it. “I always knew you wouldn’t, eventually.”
“No. Not really.” Sherlock shook his head. “I don’t think you want to kill me and I have no interest in killing you.” The anger that suddenly flashed over the other man’s face let the final piece of the puzzle fall into place. The man hadn’t killed Sherlock because he wanted Sherlock to kill him. He had given him several opportunities, including cutting his coat which had almost succeeded in making Sherlock lose it, and he had not taken off when the helicopter had approached, because he wanted Sherlock to kill him in front of everyone’s eyes.
“So you solved the case already?” John was ready to be impressed, but he couldn’t see how Sherlock could already know who had committed the murders and why. “Do you think someone who hates Christmas themed stationery killed those people?”
It made me laugh like a drain and think that something like that should be how I open the next chapter. Thank you, Chocola, you are a genius!
This time, the man had recovered a little. “Well, certainly, yes. You walk in here without showing your patron pass and without taking off your coat. The audacity …”
The second blade (probably hidden in a sleeve) missed him by a hair as he jumped through the window out into the night.
John saw how Sherlock lowered his mug and placed it on the arm of his chair. His hand was shaking lightly and John wondered what Sherlock already knew.
He took the picture and put it up next to the others on the picture wall over the fireplace. Then he poured himself a drink, sat down in his favourite armchair and gazed at the pictures with a sense of satisfaction.
“Good night,” he detached himself from Sherlock and turned to go back to the bedroom when his eyes fell on something strange outside in the street. Most of the snow had turned into slush after it had stopped snowing, and the street lights coloured it orange where the ground didn’t peek through. Under one of the lamps stood an angel.
Sherlock stood up again and then pulled a chair close to the edge of the stain and climbed onto it. He looked at the blood as if it were a map. John came to stand next to the chair and followed his eyes.
“Like the cookies people leave outside for Santa?” Sherlock asked. He suddenly realised that the family with the white living room had probably been spared being murdered because they had, after all, left something in the living room in return. He wondered whether they also had responded to a note on the announcement board.
“Jesus,” he finally said again, trying to regain control. “I’m sorry, but you just … you look like …”
“Hmm,” John chuckled and helped him push down his jeans and underwear before he stepped out of them and Sherlock started to pull up his jumper. “I’m fairly sure I belong to you, at least.”
Sherlock stepped into the small, shabby room and turned around himself once. There was very little blood on the bed, but everything else looked untouched. There was no fight, Sherlock stated, his fingers hovering over the sheets. “The victim was out of work. Had been for some time. Struggled with addiction, but went to meetings regularly.”
Sherlock’s silence was all the answer John needed. He pulled him closer by the hip, both for warmth and the general need to be close to him.
“Exactly. Make a wish!” Sherlock started rocking again and John felt a tiny bit proud, even though he had no idea why Sherlock thought that to be important.
“It was harder than sewing skin, to be honest,” John chuckled and wiped a tear from Sherlock’s cheek. “But I needed it to be fixed.”
“John?” Sherlock interrupted his musings and he leaned over to kiss him. “I think I’m good to go,” Sherlock said, sounding a little choked. John noticed that he was already quite hard and he wondered what Sherlock had been thinking about while he had been mentally planning Christmas Day.
Sherlock smiled and dropped his head forward, rubbing his forehead against John’s shoulder as if he were a cat. John chuckled and ruffled his hair, leading to Sherlock intensifying his playfulness. He growled quietly and then bit at his neck before his tongue darted out to lick at the skin between his teeth. John felt a spark of heat run down his spine and he sighed deeply.
They kissed deeply again before they left the flat for the second time that day, but this time with less urgency than in the morning.
“I do consider you two my next of kin, and I want you to have something to fall back on. I know that your income isn’t exactly stable. Obviously, you will continue to pay your rent until the very end of me, but after that, it’s yours.”
Yet he couldn’t quite grasp the connection between the snowflake murderer and his own childhood library. “Oh for Christ’s sake,” he chided himself when he realised he had given the murderer a nickname. John must never know.
A lone silhouette against the brightening sky slowly made its way towards him, down the hill. The calm of it all disoriented Sherlock somewhat. He had been prepared to run all the way to the next Tube station, but not this. He squinted, trying to see if the man had more knives or other weapons on him. As the sun climbed over the horizon and golden light suddenly flooded the hill, he could see the gleam of the knife in his hand. He made sure to shield the knife he held against the light as not to give away that he had taken it.
“I hope you accept my apology,” Sherlock finished and turned on his heels, heading for the door, which was blocked by Lestrade. “John, are you coming?”
She sorted it into two piles, one her own mail, one for 221b. Her pile mostly consisted of festive greeting cards. Oh, this one for Sherlock looked interesting! It was quite heavy and had a snowflake print on it.
“Why start again now? How did you find me again after all these years? Of course, the case involving the Prime Minister’s daughter. It was rather public.”
Free tattoos. Someone had offered free tattoos? What kind of community service was that? “Sorry,” he turned around and handed the phone back to the man who looked both offended and intrigued now. Sherlock realised he must have muttered to himself while performing some sort of dance in front of the board, scrutinizing the paper scrap. “Have any of your patrons inquired about getting a free tattoo?”
They sat in silence in front of the fireplace, staring at each other. John could tell that Sherlock was incredibly touched and had no idea what to do with his emotions. John finished his punch and got up, holding out his hand to Sherlock. “Come on, Sherlock. Let’s go to bed.”
Sherlock sighed the sigh of a tortured soul and began rushing through a series of murders in the early 1980s during which someone had left cards with “Make a Wish” printed on them in scarlet letters. It had turned out to be an out of work actor who earned a little money posing as Santa in shopping centres in the outskirts of London. He had finally been caught when he was hit by a car and a handful of the printed cards fluttered out of his costume pockets. “I would have found him after the first murder, but I was … not allowed to pursue the case.”
“Sherlock!” Lestrade came sprinting towards him and stopped dead in his tracks. His eyes roamed over his face and body and then he very carefully drew him into a hug. Sherlock was so surprised that he just let it happen. “Oh, thank god you’re alive!”
“Tell me?” John asked and led him to the couch where he wrapped him into a blanket and then pulled him into his arms.
He was so distracted by his own thoughts that he stumbled into an early morning runner who had also not paid attention to him, listening to loud music. She plucked out her ear pods to scold him but Sherlock knew she suddenly presented a chance to him.
“Who is the Christmas murderer?” John asked and Sherlock made a face as if he were in severe pain. “Not you, too, John! Please!”
John wondered if it would be overdramatic to shed a few tears in the middle of the night in their living room. He swallowed down the impulse and finally closed the gap between them.
“I have to go check something. John, why don’t you go home and get some sleep. You are no use to me like this.”
“Thank you,” Sherlock gently stroked John’s back and kissed him and John melted against his lips, only wishing to be lying down. It had been some time since they had fallen asleep in each other’s arms. He hoped that Sherlock would be fast in solving the case.
He dragged himself to the bathroom and then, wrapping his bathrobe around himself tightly, he made his way into the living room. Sherlock sat at the desk, typing away on John's laptop.
For a while, John simply lay in bed, listening to Sherlock’s breathing. Then his bladder dictated him to leave the bed and he quietly made his way into the bathroom. He felt strangely awake, so he decided to get some water and maybe set the table for breakfast already before going back to bed. After he had carefully set down the plates and mugs, he came to stand by the window. He remembered the strange angel and wondered if it had been one of those people dressing up and then roaming Oxford Street and Trafalgar Square in the hopes of earning some extra cash.
John carefully pulled open the envelope and tucked a single sheet free from it. It was a photocopy of Mrs Hudson’s will. John stared at her. “What?”
So Sherlock told him about the envelope and about how he had been sure he’d be safe and how he’d realised that he wasn’t. The uncanny likeness between him and the murderer. And the vision of their retirement home. John’s fingers played with his hair while his other hand stroked the skin of his chest under the blanket just where his heart was.
"Do we really need that much food?" Sherlock asked, "I'm not going to eat, and there are only nine of us!" He growled.
"It could be a weaker bond, soul mates don't always exhibit amplified senses and abilities." John shrugged and dug into a box full of dumplings.
"Thank you." John growled and then rested his hands on the counter, staring down at the sink. He breathed deeply and closed his eyes, concentrating hard on starting time again. Sherlock watched as he stood at the sink, observing the way his hands gripped the countertop. He raised his brows as he heard crackling begin next to him and looked down to find the fire had sparked back to life, so to speak. Then there were the sounds of water trickling into the sink.
"Yeah." John responded shortly, clenching and unclenching his fists, "What do you think he meant? My path, with the way I'm thinking now..."
“Mm.” John replied, pulling the folder out of his jacket, “I uh... I guess I’ll sleep in Sherlock’s room.” He said, standing and turning, heading for the detective’s room.
"Alright, I suppose you have questions?" The Teller asked, settling into his chair across from the two mates.
"Alright you two." Molly broke the silence, "Spill." She said to Sherlock and John who soon found everyone's eyes on them.
"They were detectives, Dr. Watson, get your facts straight." Sherlock rolled his eyes, "And it's just mythology. I don't believe it anymore than I believe that dragons exist." John laughed a bit at Sherlock's comparison.
“Violet.” John said quietly, looking down lovingly at the small child. Sherlock smirked over his shoulder, observing everything he could about the baby, trying to deduce what it must have been like inside of a womb.
next time. Red beard was very important to me." The detective sighed and tapped his fingers on the arms of his chair.
He watched Sherlock destroy the coffin, and knew it wasn’t because he’d discovered his feelings for Molly, or anything so material as that. He’d just ruined Molly’s life by getting her to confess her love to him, and that was something he could never take back. Even if they got out of there, even if they told her that it was because her life was in danger, or so they thought. There would always be that small whisper of I love you lingering in the air when she was near. Her broken words, her shattered heart. They could never repair that.
