‘This is going to hurt him. There is not getting around that, and he’s going to fight us. You’ve got to follow through, Sherlock.’
They helped John to lay down with his head on the pillows. John tried to keep himself upright and propped himself on his elbows. He watched as Lestrade unbuttoned his shirt and unzipped his pants. ‘Oh, bloody fuck, not you too,’ John said hoarsely.
Sherlock was quick to wipe him down with a fresh wet cloth. The cloth was cool and stung John’s oversensitive skin.
‘Sher, fetch us some fresh linens,’ said Lestrade as he sat on the corner of the large bed and looked down at Watson.
Finally, Greg's breathing changed. 'Fuck!' he sighed. 'Yes! Okay, John. Here you are.' He stiffened after a hard final push.
‘Just another moment. We’re going to help you go lay down in the bed in just a few,’ assured Lestrade.
John woke to an unnatural and unsettling feeling of something against his abdomen. He finally opened his eyes and found Greg pressed against him.
John tried desperately to pull and push with his arms. ‘Nuuhh, no, no, ah, ah! Ow, ow, Sher – ow, ahhh, ow! Nuh, ouch, ow, ow, you’re hurting, ahhh!’ His free leg thrashed.
Sherlock was breathing hard on the back of his neck and he was shaking with little tremors. His right hand snaked over John’s side and to the hand that John held over his member.
John forced himself to relax on the bed and took several deep breaths to prepare. He tugged his shirt down with both hands and nodded. 'I'm ready. Do it.' He felt two of Lestrade's fingers gently push in and out several times as if to prepare John for the final push. Then he left the determined push. The tissue stretched painfully against the pressure from Greg's fingers, and John winced. A final sting and tearing told him that Greg was successful, but the fingers kept pushing and stretching. John groaned until Greg patted his knee and removed his fingers. The newly discovered area inside of John throbbed with every beat of his heart, and he felt wetness leak down his cleft.
John tried to fight, but his muscles were weakened by the hormones raging through his body, and the two men were much stronger than John despite his military training.
John was already beginning to cool down, but the cloth felt incredibly good. His lips were dry and parched from his heat and his yelling, and he sighed as the cloth passed over his face several times. He looked up and back toward Lestrade and gave him his look of thanks.
John in fact gagged and wretched but successfully kept most of his small meal down. He still regretted not chewing enough, however.
Sherlock was taking the care of a doting mother cat, and he stroked his hands up and down John’s body and kept scenting at John’s neck and pressing his lips to the back of his head.
When Sherlock made no move to answer, Greg turned off the sink and gave Sherlock his full attention. The look on Sherlock's face told Lestrade exactly what was going through Sherlock's mind. In his attempts to keep John from bonding, he'd neglected to take enough precautions for Sherlock's sake. John needed the both of them. To be near them both. To touch, to smell and to obvious physical acts needed through a heat. Now, however, Sherlock was inadvertently affected. Johns smell, taste, and cries had triggered Sherlock's instincts and hormones into a pre-rut obsession for John. If Greg did not curtail the instincts to mate and bond with John as soon and effectively as possible, Sherlock's life could be turned into an absolute misery as he would pine for someone who would resent the bond.
John instinctively recoiled and pulled his hips back. Lestrade and Sherlock both squeezed his legs respectively to prevent further movement. He still groaned as Sherlock penetrated his lax hole and pried his hole open further. His right hand grasped at the bedding again.
arm arm ached in a way that made him think that a storm was coming. His back was riddled with an epic knot, and his throat burned from the return of his orange chicken. All of his limbs felt sore, which was no surprise, but what did confuse him a little was the puffy feeling in his pelvis. His anus and rectum had taken a bit of abuse since yesterday evening, but John was sure that the feeling of engorged, heavy blood pooling down there was from something else. Where the plug had previously felt awkward and stretched his torn sphincter, it now felt more comforting. Like it was helping him keep control of the pelvic floor muscles. The puffiness of his flesh was wrapped snugly around the tempered length of it inside of him. Finishing the inventory of sensation, John spoke,  'I think I'm feeling a lot better. Do we need to do this right away?'
‘Here,’ Lestrade pushed at the glass of water in John’s hand. ‘Drink some water. It’ll help. When did things start to not make sense?’
John whimpered, frustrated. He flushed with a hot sweat. He could sense the erection inside of him waning and slowly going flaccid. Somehow it felt more irritating and uncomfortable than when Sherlock first penetrated him. Greg and Sherlock were both far stronger than him. He pushed weakly at all the hands holding him in place.
In the event that your filthy mind isn't filthy enough already, here is a link that might help to illustrate sizes and shapes and stuff. NSFW by any means, but it should be ok otherwise as posted on Wikipedia.
Sherlock squeezed his arms around John and groaned into his shoulder. Slowly, he pushed all the way inside.
John squeezed at the fantastic member inside of him with muscles he hadn't previously realized that he possessed.
Sherlock continued, ‘I will exhaust every option I have available before I hand John over to someone else. I assure you, I have more interest in keeping John safe than anyone else.’
‘Fuck you, Sherlock!’ shouted John, as much as he could shout. He stood limply as they tried to decide which room to take him.
He stood, pulled his coat off of the rack that was behind his desk and turned to leave. ‘Jesus Christ! Sherlock, where the bloody hell did you come from?’
John stared at Sherlock’s form. He blinked finally and gripped Greg’s shoulders and tucked his face into Greg’s cool skin. ‘Greg, please. Please can’t you do it again?’  They were definitely going to fuck him, and he’d much rather it be Greg.
'That is perfect, John. We need to work you open here until we can get you open enough for a knot. I'm so glad we can do this while you know what's going on,' said Greg.
Lestrade rolled his eyes. He never thought of Sherlock as a sexual person, but he also never considered the man as a having difficulty with impotence. In fact, it was nearly unheard of for a healthy adult to keep from becoming aroused around an omega in throws of a heat.
‘Shh, it’ll be fine. Come on now, it gets easier every time, I promise,’ said Lestrade. He moved his face to the other side of John’s neck where he had not been bitten. Lestrade dragged his fingers down John’s body to his back and then down his ass. He breathed on John’s neck and pressed his fingers down the cleft.
Lestrade took both of John’s wrists and pressed his weight on top of them. John’s head rested on the pillow their arms made. In this position, John would be physically unable to sit up or take a swing at Sherlock’s face.
Meanwhile, Sherlock’s mouth was drawing across the topography of John’s shoulder and neck. Lips ghosted over hair, a tongue tasted the salt and pheromones ebbing from pores, and finally teeth found the already tender muscle between neck and shoulder.
'We're both here. Are you feeling it now?' asked Sherlock. He stroked his right palm over John's cheek and forehead in an attempt to both comfort and to check the temperature of John's skin. He felt much cooler to the touch.
John self-consciously worried that he might brush against his half-erection. He felt helpless and on display inside and out, like a pinned butterfly. Sherlock brushed his thumb at his forehead, but neither man's touch helped with the disorienting sensation that he was floating. He mewled in indignation and tried to control the waves of kaleidoscope colors floating through his mind's eye.
Lestrade pulled and pushed at his buttocks, and John squeezed reflexively. Sherlock gave another pleased growl and bit a little harder.
’ Lestrade shouted. He returned from the kitchen sink with a lager glass full of water. ‘Can’t bloody get a glass,’ he muttered. ‘John, here, take a few sips.’ Lestrade placed himself between Sherlock and John on the bed. ‘Here, John, you need to sit up. Sit up now, John.’ Greg urged John to sit upright and pressed the glass into John’s hands. He watched Sherlock’s lips twitch. ‘Sherlock? You alright?’
Sitting on the edge of the bed, Greg set his hands on John's knees and gently lifted them until his feet were flat on the bed. 'No, not necessarily, but I need to see how your body is progressing. That's going to tell me if we are getting you through the uncomfortable parts. Not everyone enjoys the anal sex. It is however necessary for omegas to get the alpha enzymes into the bloodstream, and of course anal introduction is the fastest and most effective way. Don't ask me why mainstream medicine hasn't developed a synthetic version for cases like yours. John, what Sherlock and I are doing for you is taboo. Perhaps not nearly as bad as it used to be. Suppressants and hormones have done a lot for omega rights, but society is still taking it's own time to recognize omegas not bonded to alphas. John, I need to remove your pants. Can you lift your hips?'
John had a clinging sour scent of panic, pain, anger, and an overwhelming spicy, salty scent of heat. The open window had carried the heaviest part of that scent away, but the more faint scent still lingered. Sherlock's hyper-aware mind had calculated the change in the orientation of John's smell while he was asleep and his own body urgently woke him by dumping adrenaline into his bloodstream. His heart pounded, and sweat dripped down his back. Sherlock sat up. He found the bed empty, confirming what his body and reptile brain had previously calculated. His frontal cortex halted his urge to leave his bedroom and instead directed him to his dresser. He dawned fresh briefs from his dresser and flung open his bedroom door.
Greg was fairly certain that John was out of immediate danger, but if Sherlock continued this hyper focus on John, he might fall into a complete inability to respond to commands and suffer  dehydration and exhaustion. The more Greg could pry Sherlock away from John, the lesser the severity of Sherlock's symptoms might progress.
John moaned and pulled his arms away from Sherlock. He squeezed them around Lestrade’s larger ribcage. The closer he was to him and the more Lestrade bit at his neck, the easier the pain of the knot became. His hand darted up Greg’s back and neck, and the fine, damp hairs on the back of his head nipped at John’s fingertips.
Sherlock, having his view of John blocked, looked down at the wrinkled bed sheets. he seemed to consider what Greg had said seriously with furrowed brows. 'You'll say with him? You won't leave him? You'll get me as soon as he needs me?'
Recognizing that Greg had ejaculated and delivered the fluids that John needed to balance his hormones, Sherlock opened his jaw. He sucked gently around the bitten flesh to wick away the saliva he'd left there. He let John's knee rest on his thigh and reached for the towel in John's mouth. John let it go from his mouth, and Sherlock used the dry half to wipe at John's face.
Lestrade sighed, stood and led Sherlock back to the stairs. In a hushed voice, Lestrade asked, ‘Do you think there is anything to Fielding’s machine? Where there any other victims who acted like this?’
John knew that he was sick. Unequivocally sick as a dog, and not the coughing, head ache, sneezing, or runny nose kind of sick. It was a cramping and burning that started in his pelvis and worked its way up his lower back. He started having irrational thoughts of sexual scenarios with all sorts of people. He’d even dreamed about a night of passionate love-making with the queen.
John slumped and rested his head on Lestrade’s thigh. He really didn’t know how to answer that question.
His head swirled with the disorientation. The room had shifted, and it took John longer than it should have to recognize that Sherlock and he were lying horizontally on the bed. He attempted to make out the window across the room, but in his current haze, John couldn’t keep anything in focus. The room blurred into colors and shapes, so he resigned to keep his eyes closed tightly.
Lestrade and Sherlock shared a look. Biting during mating was commonly understood to be a biological imperative. It released endorphins, stimulated ovulation, and triggered the omega into a submissive and receptive state. Everyone knew that. Entire television networks were dedicated to angsty teenage love where every episode revolved around ‘will they or won’t they bite?’
John closed his eyes and tucked his hands under his chin. He sighed as Sherlock’s hand roamed down his side and up across his stomach and his chest.
He held John’s face in his palm and rubbed his thumb at John’s temple, one of the many pressure points for an omega in a heat.
Lestrade wiped at the tears on his check and kissed and nipped at his jaw and ear. He held John tight and came again a few minutes later.
They got him to the pallet when his legs gave out from under him. He grabbed at their arms to keep from falling. They dropped him slowly onto the floor.
‘With sugar and milk. That’s why you’re always mad that there’s no milk.’ Sherlock left his bedroom in a flurry to look for his long coat. ‘I need my phone!’ he shouted.
'Lestrade, it's fine,' said John. 'Candor, remember. Speak plainly.' Color had returned to John's face in a deep red blush.
As Greg pulled the hem of John's pajamas down his buttocks, over his knees, and off of his ankles, John reflected on his universe where women were only allowed to use hormonal birth control if they were married already. His history lessons on women starving themselves to fight for the right to vote or the movement for equal pay for equal work. He steeled himself as Greg spread his knees.
‘Ideally, yes. Right now I think it’s best that we make him comfortable, though. I’ve got him. Go draw a bath,’ said Lestrade as he reached down for John’s legs.
John reached for his penis and tugged. He needed only seconds before he was spilling across the already soiled sheets. He convulsed rhythmically around Sherlock’s member.
John took Greg's offered hand and allowed Greg to take some of his weight on the walk back to Sherlock's room. Sherlock met them at the threshold and helped John to lay in the middle of the bed. The sheets smelled a bit less like sweat and a bit more like the Thames. He closed his eyes and willed the ill feelings away. His head cleared and his stomach settled after a few brief moments.
Swallowing, John said breathlessly, ‘Two weeks ago. Sherlock and I were coming back to the flat. We were taking a cab back after talking to you at the station about Dr. Fielding’s trans-matter ray.’
‘Alright, alright,’ said Greg. Lestrade pulled the shirt over his head but he did not remove his boxers.
Leaning forward, Lestrade put his hands on the desk and rested his weight. ‘Are you asking me what I think you are?’
Lestrade explained, ‘Most betas never do unless they’re with an omega in heat. It’ll be bigger next time.’
‘John, your heat is trying to compensate for years of suppressant use. Your body is dangerously flooded with hormones. You’ve
John whined into the towel as he felt Greg push and twitch inside of him. When Greg moaned and grunted loudly through his orgasm, John squeezed his eyes shut through burning tears. He couldn't help but feel like a vehicle for another man's pleasure.
Lestrade pushed John away to an appropriate distance. ‘Scent him,’ he told Sherlock. ‘Take him, hold him and scent him.’
John's words set Sherlock into a panic, and he held John as best he could and looked down at where his friends were tied together. Their bodies were flush skin to skin. Both of their hips were splotchy red from finger-nail marks and high blood pressure. John however did have a smear of dried blood running from near his anus to his left hip bone. Sherlock briefly considered the blood to have appeared after John's hymen was breached, but in the frantic moment, he feared for the worst. His instincts went into over-drive, and he leaned over his friend to sink his teeth into John's neck in a therapeutic domination of the inexperienced omega.
John sat squarely on Sherlock’s lap and his quads burned with the effort of keeping his full weight from resting on Sherlock.
He could not keep his knees from buckling so he held onto Lestrade and Sherlock. John could immediately feel the fluid stream down his inner thigh as they walked him toward his room. ‘No, no,’ he shook his head. ‘No, I need a shower.’
‘John, I need to ask you just a few more questions. Did your parents ever talk about having you bond with someone when you were entering puberty? Did they discuss what it would be like to live as an omega?’
‘Sod it! I need the lav, and I can’t – I can’t do that with this blood awful thing.’ John pouted and gripped the yellow base. The more he tugged, the more his body resisted the plug’s removal. He tried to relax and finally Greg intervened and helped John to relax enough to pull it free to let it sit dripping with slick and ejaculate on the towel.
Lestrade tried to blur the image of Sherlock’s knot from his mind and turned back to John. ‘I’ll help you with it. Turn on your belly.’
John’s eyelids flashed open, and he instinctively reached for Greg. ‘Ah, fuck!’  He squeezed Greg’s shoulders.
And tingling. He’d never had anal sex before. He wasn’t against it, but it had never come up before. In fact when he’d first met Sherlock, he was fairly certain that Sherlock was interested in him. He had tried to give Sherlock the in; let him know that he was available. He was back from the war, and up for anything.
Lestrade explained, ‘You would have two options of treatment at the hospital if you were conscious and could express your wishes. The first would be a lottery. This late in your, uh, condition,’ Lestrade was careful not to say ‘heat’, ‘they would not give you an option of declining the person who won the lottery. It could be a man or a woman. They would have intercourse with you several times over the next two or three days until your fever broke and you were well again. This person would be bonded to you for life. Of course you could decide that you did not want to be bonded to them, but your body would be biologically set to see them as your life partner. It would change your life and not in any way that you would have control.’
Even the slight movement of trying to stay balanced with all of Greg’s pushing caused subtle friction of Sherlock’s member inside him. He could feel it hardening again and he shivered.
‘Yes, indeed. That is why I have him locked in our flat as we speak. Mycroft was kind enough to lend a dozen men to watch the block. I cannot at this time answer the “why” in this scenario, but – ’
Sherlock leapt to the door. A red sign with black lettering warned, ‘DO NOT ENTER’, and Sherlock had drilled three padlocks into the door and frame, and it was taking him several moments to unlock each one.
John gasped at the sudden tight grip of Sherlock’s arms and quite painful bite. His fingers twisted in Sherlock’s hair.
John sniffled. ‘What would be my treatment if I asked to go to Bart’s?’ He sat on the couch and looked up to see what Sherlock’s reply would be.
‘Well, I thought we were bonded. Guess that’s what I get for marrying for love,’ Lestrade moaned and rolled his eyes. ‘What are you going on about?’
Lestrade and Sherlock were his friends. He’d take a bullet for either of them, and he knew that his Lestrade and Sherlock would do the same. As frustrated as he was at them for what had just happened in the living room, if these men were anything like the Lestrade and Sherlock from his world, they were in fact trying to help him. It just was just bloody inconvenient that their help involved putting their sex organs up his bum.
‘Oh, no, no. If John is going to accidently bond with one of us, it is definitely not going to be me. You need to be his first.’ As Sherlock hesitantly unfastened his pants, Lestrade assured him, ‘I’ll be here the whole time. I’ll help you both through it and I’ll do what I can to keep everyone from bonding.’
Sherlock looked down at the shake Greg had given him. ‘No. No, I should give him this. He needs it more than I do.’
Sherlock knelt on the mattress and offered the drinks to John. John took the mug of tea and blew on it. ‘No milk?’
He took one final breath and tucked the package under his arm before returning inside Sherlock’s fortress. He returned each lock and latch and pounced up the stairs to the sitting room. John’s spicy, musky scent was heavier up there, and Lestrade smiled as he also detected the obvious scent of John’s satisfaction.
Lestrade put his shirt on and said, ‘Fabulous deduction. I’ve been more than talking to him. He sent us a package for food and some supplies for John. Start boiling some water, and I’ll start getting John something to eat.’ Lestrade removed two protein shakes from Mycroft’s box and set them on the table.
John moaned and his member instantly swelled. He grunted and moaned. He thought embarrassedly that he sounded more like an animal than a man, let alone a well-educated army doctor.
Sherlock finalized his oral evaluation with another possessive bite on John’s neck. He continued to suck at it as his hands gripped firmly at John’s belly.
Lestrade’s fingers warmed and that steady un-nerving arousal returned to his belly, and his panic dug a deep trench through his guts, but this time he found it easier. He was with a man he didn’t have to face every day. He was soft around the middle and not a chiseled demi-god like Sherlock.
‘I remember. The man was insane. He thought he’d built a machine that could transport people through time,’ recalled Lestrade.
‘Towel,’ John was able to express, and Sherlock placed the thin army towel under John’s arse as to keep the bedding from spoiling as much as possible.
'Shh, let him sleep.' Greg sat down on the bed with Sherlock and tried to interrupt Sherlock's direct view of John's sleeping form under a thin white sheet. 'I'm asking you to take this opportunity to take care of yourself in order to help John again. Get in the shower now, and then you need to lay down with John.'
When Sherlock woke, the room was dark as the afternoon light in the window was replaced with the glowing reflection of the city lights in the overcast clouds. What had woke him was not a sound or movement but a lack of scent.
Sherlock had found a towel and had it wrapped around his waist. He turned up the temperature only slightly at the sign of John’s discomfort. Both men left John to soak and stepped out of the bathroom.
Watson gasped and squeezed at Lestrade’s middle. He remained quiet, but Lestrade knew that John was trying hard to be brave and stay quiet at his request. ‘You’re doing great. You’re fine, you’re fine.’
Sherlock’s voice was unsteady. ‘He – he wouldn’t listen. He wouldn’t stay . . . ’ he sighed heavily. ‘Just, please help him. He’s feverish.’
Greg was sighing and still panting heavily. The arm around John's middle moved until he was caressing and rubbing at John's lower belly.
Greg wrapped both of his arms around John to squeeze him flush against his body. He was panting. 'Okay, here comes the knot.'
John gently pushed them both away. 'Uh, sorry. I don't know what's come over me.' John's face was flush and dewy. 'I think I need air.' John groaned.
Lestrade smoothed at John’s blonde hair. He was obviously still coming out of the haze of his heat. ‘Sherlock can get off as soon as the swelling goes down. Sherlock’s knot has to go down a bit before he can pull out. You need to stay still and relax for a few minutes. Sherlock?’ Lestrade looked to his friend.
Sherlock offered John his hand again, and John took it and squeezed all of his agony into the embrace.
‘Because John needs it,’ said Greg. He made his way over to the stove and looked down at the near boiling kettle with Sherlock. ‘Here, drink this down. You need it more than you think you do.’
‘That’s what we’re doing. We’re helping him.’ Sherlock sounded lost. He was searching for validation.
‘It’s already bigger than yours,’ retorted Sherlock. He remained nude, and his thighs and groin glistened with John and his shared fluids.
With repeated encouragement Sherlock finally downed the bottle’s contents in three large swallows.  Greg handed Sherlock John’s cuppa and the protein shake and led him back to his bedroom. He knocked on the door to give John the opportunity to refuse their entrance. ‘We’ve brought tea,’ he added to the request for John’s response.
‘Shh, John, I know. Believe me. I will be with you all you want. I will, I promise. Just as soon as you are with Sherlock. He has to – John?’
Lestrade’s breathing hitched, and he came dryly for the final time and he cried out his discomfort. Within minutes he slipped out of John and pulled away from him.
Sherlock moved with John and stayed flush against him. ‘Please, John, it’s got to stay inside. You’ve got to keep my release inside of you.’
John frantically cried into the towel and instinctively clenched his anus around the member in an effort to stop the movement and pull at his flesh. Overwhelming claustrophobia set John into a panic.
Despite the detective inspector’s urging, Holmes continued to stare down at John’s sprawled form on the bed.
Sherlock clearly wanted to hold his hand as Lestrade had, but John twisted his hand away and held high on Lestrade’s shoulder.
‘I will, I will. I promise,’ Greg assured. He wrapped his hands around John’s chest to help steady him.
Sherlock pressed on. He hiked John’s thigh up for a moment, grunted, and then was still as he ejaculated.
‘Sherlock, it’s fine,’ John assured him. He held his tea precariously as he tried to keep Sherlock’s manic movements from spilling the cup’s hot contents.
Then the fingers went inside. John squeezed and pushed at Lestrade’s shoulder, and Sherlock put a hand on his head. Tears that John wasn’t aware were in his eyes fell down his cheeks. His face scrunched but he took several deep breathes and calmed himself.
As a doctor, Lestrade thought John would understand basic biological mating responses. Alphas and omegas were known to become disoriented during a heat, but this was something else. Maybe there was something to Sherlock’s parallel dimension theory. All thought on the subject left Lestrade as John fell forward and collapsed into his arms. ‘Sherlock!’ he exclaimed.
Sherlock’s words were fuzzy in John’s ears. He pressed his body against the soft heat of Greg. He turned onto his other side, cat-like, and pushed at Greg’s underwear.
Lestrade took in a deep breath. ‘Alright, but,’ he raised his index finger, ‘I’ll need you to follow my lead on this. You need to do exactly as I say. We’re toeing the line between helping a friend and taking advantage. You have to do as I say,’ he reiterated. ‘I’ve never seen anyone in a state like this. Once we start, we cannot stop, and John is going to fight us on this, I can see that now. We have to talk him through it and explain what is going on.’
John panted and tried to lift his head to see what Sherlock was about to do between his legs. ‘No, no, no, please! No, Sherlock! No, no, no!’ His voice was slow and delayed. He was in the most taxing stage of his unsatisfied heat before he’d slip into a more permanent state of unconsciousness. His cries were sharp and pitiful. ‘Bloody hell, no, you can’t do this, please. No, no, no! God! Shit, please! Fuck, fuck
Ignoring Lestade, Holmes continued, ‘Yes, but you were bonded for several years. You, a beta, successfully mated with an omega, well at least for a time, correct?’
Lestrade squeezed John tightly as he came and quickly pulled John’s legs back down around his own hips.
John mewled and quickly felt the ache and burn of his fevered skin become replaced with a glowing hum of over-sensitized contentment. The wet bed linens beneath him, Sherlock’s sweat slicked skin behind him, and the nipping teeth at his neck felt no less than divine.
Lestrade took that opportunity to say, ‘Look, Sherlock, you know this sort of thing is usually done with three or four people.’
John cried in utter conflict. He'd repeatedly begged them to stop. In his universe, what they'd done was blatant rape. They would have been arrested, prosecuted, and incarcerated. John would have been removed from the flat in an ambulance. He would have endured a painful and emotional physical exam, a full report of the attacks, and a round of anti-HIV medications as a preventative measure. He would return to the flat with no best friend and no Greg to call to console him. Mrs. Hudson would walk on egg shells but eventually still ask for the full rent or to get a new flat-mate.
"Well come on then, when does your plane leave?" Mary exclaimed, dragging down John's large suitcase with one hand while clutching onto the banister with the other, as if worried the weight of the thing might drag her down with it if she didn't hold on.
"Watson, I dare admit that what you are about to read is very personal. It is a document which was written in my youth, when I was newly a man and a very confused...very susceptible thing. You will not see me in the same light, Watson, if you do read such a thing." Holmes admitted quietly.
"Staying home from school makes me sound like a first grader, not a professor. That's what my mother would say to me when I was running a fever." John taunted.
"Do you think you had all this back then?" Sherlock asked finally, looking towards Rosie as she crawled about on the carpet. John sighed heavily, taking a sip of his wine but sighing in a defeated sort of way.
When the fourth day came, John made himself ready for the confrontation. He waited around noon, the time when the stampede went through, and sat himself in one of the couches on the hallway. As of now it was quiet, and he could hear his own breath echoing back to him through the ancient wooden hallways. He leaned back, knowing that the silence would not last long, and set his sights on the door where the students would come rushing through. He sighed heavily, blinking away that feverish vision of Sherlock and his lover, once more it was trying to infest his vision with thoughts that he didn't have time for. Why it stuck around so vividly, well John could only guess. He didn't want such a vision; he didn't want to constantly be plagued with such things. Perhaps it was just his brain's way to make up for the lack of any real Sherlock, perhaps it was giving itself some old visions so as to account for their sudden withdrawal. John's thoughts were interrupted just as soon as the door flung open, and the first of the many started making their panicked rush to get to their next class, with their bags slung over their shoulders and their books under the arms, that look of fear in their eyes as they contemplated whether or not they were going to be late for being early. About midway through the pack, John spotted that familiar face, the one he had been waiting for this whole time. Sherlock saw him as well, and just as John jumped to his feet the boy recoiled, and attempted to walk faster. Yet John knew that he wouldn't be letting him get away, there was nothing more powerful than John's stubbornness, and no human slippery enough to get away from his grip. Yet Sherlock didn't know that, for already he picked up his pace, as if he was going to try all the same.
"Hello little Hamish." John said, managing a smile as he prodded at the boy's chin with his finger. The little thing was regaining a more human like composure, as the red seemed to be fading away and his skin was adopting that same pale, sickly color as the rest of them. He was beginning to look normal; oh dare he even look cute! Sherlock smiled as well, just for a moment, as the baby's eyes turned towards his direction. It was a very difficult strain on his muscles, and such a foreign feeling that he was almost shocked when it didn't fade away. He continued to smile...he continued to feel
"You were saying?" he said with a little chuckle. Sherlock sighed heavily, leaning now on the desk in some sort of shock, as if he still wasn't prepared to find such damning evidence. Maybe all of this wasn't real enough to him, not until that envelope labeled
"Popcorn." John corrected. Sherlock burst out into a fit of giggles, as if he really couldn't imagine John going about and selling large bags of popcorn. "And it was good popcorn too, don't get me wrong. Cheddar popcorn, it always sold the fastest."
"It would be one thing if I was born and raised here, but I'm American. I only came here to work at the college; I mean who knows how far away Victor could be? And if he hadn't been pulled here yet, perhaps he'll never be. Perhaps it's up to us." John pointed out.
"Yes." Sherlock said simply. "Yes I feel...I feel repulsed. But welcomed. My stomach is twisting but my heart is lurching...something is in there, isn't it? Something was in there?" John sighed heavily, feeling that he could not explain this without the help of a visual aid. He grabbed the photograph from his bag, which was still hanging loyally on his shoulder, and held it up to the door for reference. In the picture you could just barely see the frame; chopped into view around the corners, and only visible if you were looking for it. Yet the frame itself was distinct, the frame which held steady around the door. It was carved like no other door, it was unique in its design and depicted distinctly in the picture that was held in John's hand. This ancient picture.
"Not at all." she muttered, obviously trying to keep their quarreling to a minimum in front of guests.
"You don't think he's in America too?" Sherlock wondered with a hint of excitement in his voice. John groaned, shaking his head without much enthusiasm.
"Sorry if I'm intruding on things." Sherlock muttered. "But I'm sure you know that it's hard for a polite man to say no."
"Perhaps." John agreed. At last his eyes settled on Mary, finally he mustered the strength to look upon her corpse and wince. Sherlock noticed a look of horror fill the man's eyes, though just as soon as he noticed Sherlock watching he turned his attention away, focusing once again on the baby as if he was determined to hide his emotions on the matter.
"What have you been up to these past couple days? I hardly see you anymore." Greg muttered in something of a protest, crossing his arms and leaning back casually in his chair. John sighed, shaking his head as if he couldn't even begin to explain the mess he had been wallowing through for the past week.
"If I was a prostitute I wouldn't be filing for taxes, now would I? Come on then, don't make me take it from you." Sherlock warned.
"I don't think I like that." Sherlock admitted quietly, to which John nodded his head in slight agreement.
"You say that as if you want that to be the case." Sherlock pointed out, admiring the ring on his finger as he held it up to the sunlight.
"I've found him, Victor Trevor." Sherlock announced proudly, standing up to his highest height and beaming. John sighed, noticing now that the artist's name was undoubtedly the name they had seen on that death certificate. He tried to fight off his disappointment, for he had known all along that it would only be a matter of time until this man walked into their lives.
"You're just going to expect me to wait here, then?" John asked with something of a growl. Sherlock turned over now, just enough so that he could look at John so as to gauge his expression. John didn't know how many expressions could go with that sentence, considering its connation seemed pretty straight forward. All the same, just as soon as Sherlock saw the seriousness in John's face he fell back down upon his pillow with a look of annoyance.
"First of all, you're lying. Second of all, all mad people are intelligent. You're not a very good crazy person if you're stupid." John pointed out.
"I don't want to die. I don't want you to die." John insisted. Sherlock was quiet for a moment, for he couldn't make any promises there. John's life may not be over yet, and yet Sherlock's was coming to a close, it was only a matter of time. He didn't want to bring that up, so not to scare John just yet.
"No, that's not a surprise." John admitted quietly, although he had to admit that the idea never crossed his mind. Never once in this entire ordeal did he have the mind to just walk away from it all. Never once did he even consider it as an option. The house wouldn't allow that, would it? The house wouldn't allow all of this to just come to an end? After it had tried so hard to bring them together, would it actually allow John to lock the door and tuck the key away, somewhere no one would find it? Well no, not if this house had powers it wouldn't. And yet, maybe this was a good way to prove the power of coincidence. Maybe this was a good way to guarantee that there was nothing more in his life than just science. Maybe, by just turning his back to this structure, he could prove that it was just a house after all. And that it could do nothing more than sit here and rot, waiting for its prey to return to it, even after they had decided to say their goodbyes.
"That's why I find it difficult...I find it difficult to speculate that my life means nothing. Because this life that I've made for myself, anyone would want it! Anyone would want such a transformation, to go from nothing to something spectacular. It's hard to tell myself there's something missing, but I suppose I always knew there was." John admitted quietly.
"Oh no, you're the adventurous one." Sherlock insisted, stepping aside as if he was doing John a favor by being a coward.
"Ya, but that still doesn't mean their property was to be passed down. If this was some ancient seventeenth century house, you'd think I'd have known about it before. You'd think they'd make a bigger deal about it." John said with a sigh of defeat.
They were all just present in the end, present up until the moment they died. And now here she was, dead. Perhaps the second most interesting thing she had ever done in her life, coming in right after her birth.
"John, is he alright?" Sherlock whispered, at last moving away from poor Mary Morstan and focusing again on the little creature.
"I'm sorry, but this really isn't a horror movie. And furthermore, it really is none of your concern." John grumbled, shaking his head and going now to open the door. Yet something stopped him, for a moment. His hand froze, and he felt something of a burning sensation in his pocket. At first he diagnosed it as a mere muscle spasm, but as his hand neared the handle it continued, burning now so hot that it was nearly scorching his skin. John gave a great yelp, and instead of grabbing at the door he instead plunged his hand into his pocket, unearthing the key that was now burning so hot that it singed his fingers as he grabbed it from his pocket and threw it down at the carpet between the two of them. Sherlock lunged for cover once more, as if he assumed this to be another one of John's delusional attacks. Yet no, the key landed softly on the carpet, and just as soon as it had been freed from his pocket the burning sensation stopped...as if it had never been there at all.
"Oh hello John.Great to see that you're back again." Greg mumbled, sinking into the chair across from the desk and staring at John accusingly. John forced his best innocent smile, yet he knew of course that he had nothing to prove to Greg. His offense had been nothing but neglect, surely Greg would get over it just as soon as they slipped into their first conversation. As for Sherlock, well that was another matter. That was something that was really starting to gnaw away at John's brain.
"It can't get tested, Sherlock that means I have to admit to...to being with you. I can't say that Sherlock, I can't face it!" John declared, shaking his head violently and taking another step back. He was going to try to hide from this, wasn't he? He was too ashamed.
"Indeed." John agreed, smiling now that a flame had begun to spread through the ancient wood, burning through quite nicely and finally offering up a comfortable heat. With such a simple flame this cold, barren sitting room became something much more like a home. The fire was shimmering, bouncing flickering beams of light off of the walls and creating friendly shadows. There was warmth, there was crackling, and furthermore there was the calm, peaceful sigh of Sherlock Holmes as he drew his knees back to his chest, snuggling now in the warmth that was being offered.
"That's the last time you'll ever disrespect me like that, Professor. And it's most certainly the last time I try to help you in any of this. You're on your own from this point forward." Sherlock growled, and with that he stormed out of the room, not waiting for a goodbye out of his host because he knew that he would not get one. Mary rushed to escort Sherlock away (he hadn't exactly planned his lack of transportation accordingly, for he couldn't have the last laugh if he had to ask for a ride home) yet John stayed put. He didn't care how Sherlock was getting home; he didn't care about any of it. For right as soon as that boy disappeared from his vision he gave a great cry, feeling all of the anger leave his body so quickly that he became light headed, and with a little gasp he fell back onto the couch in a cold faint.
"I'm happy." John agreed quietly, nodding his head and leaning it back against the cushion, back enough so that he could feel the indentation of where Sherlock's weight was distributed. He could feel that boy getting closer with every ounce of pressure he applied.
"Like me? What on earth differs us now?" John asked a bit offensively. Sherlock sighed heavily, setting down his wine glass on the coffee table so as to lean forward onto his knees, almost as if he wished he hadn't said anything along those lines. Evidently this was not a question he was yet prepared to answer.
"Embarrassing." Sherlock muttered. "Well surely that's a word for you, and funny is the word that I might choose."
"Oh come on John, don't make me out to be the bad guy. I'm just brainstorming." Mary defended, following John to her feet and clutching onto Rosie carefully. John nodded, pausing next to the stairwell and taking a deep breath, staring down into the eyes of this pencil creation, staring into the eyes and seeing real eyes staring back at him. Seeing this face but on a body, a body on a bed. His bed.
"Hurry up!" Sherlock growled, nearly kicking open his car door in his urgency and spilling out onto the driveway. He looked completely agonized, almost as if the screaming was just getting louder in his head, while it was dulling down in John's. John nodded, fumbling for the large key in his pocket while he dashed up onto the old wooden porch. Just as soon as he stuck the key inside he pushed the door open, and for a moment all he could hear was the swinging of the door on its rusty hinges. And then, finally...silence. John sighed heavily, happy to hear his own breath once again. He looked back at where Sherlock was, now laying his limbs strewn about on the gravel, breathing heavily yet with drooping eyes, as if he could finally allow himself to relax. He was muttering something, his lips forming words that John couldn't quite make out. Most probably it was something along the lines of "thank God."
"Well the dreams, of course. We seemed to be quite keen." Sherlock admitted quietly, as if he was ashamed to even allude to such obscene passion.
"Oh wow! Look at this Sherlock, must be worth a fortune." John said excitedly, moving forward and unearthing a nice plate from the mix.
"This must've ben your desk, then." John decided without even thinking of what sort of insult that would've been. Then again, Sherlock seemed to have come to that same conclusion, for he was quiet for a moment, dumping some of the old coins onto the desk and sighing.
"Yes well, let's hope you're wrong." Sherlock muttered, following John down the trapdoor as they both wished that their preoccupation with the new search might distract them from their latest discoveries. Oh but it was no use, even if they didn't discuss it. John could tell himself that the Town Hall was more exhilarating than his past affair with Sherlock, yet as much as he wanted to think about all the questions he was going to ask Mrs. Hudson he could only imagine just more and more detail of the night they shared. All the more infuriating was the question of whether such images had simply been conjured from his mind or if they were being offered from the House now that the truth had gotten out. Perhaps that could only be answered by asking Sherlock how he saw the whole thing in his head, and if their pictures matched. Yet that would only be asking too much, for if John had to sit here in the car and listen to Sherlock list off the things he saw them doing in his head...well let's just say it wasn't very likely that those same things wouldn't play out in the moments following. All the same, Sherlock hadn't had any experiences like that yet. He didn't know what to expect, perhaps he had no images at all. Perhaps he shuttered a bit uncomfortably, yet could not imagine any farther than just kissing. Oh wouldn't it be ghastly if John was the one who had to explain it all to him? Well no, these days it was hard to avoid any movies without some explicit context. And even if Sherlock did know just how to be intimate, well surely it was driving him mad? Surely it was making him all the more curious, all the more anxious? If he was so set on the idea of soulmates, well perhaps he was beginning to wonder if he had found his after all. Supposedly that answer would come with the existence of Victor Trevor. If the man was not alive today then it would be only too obvious that John was meant to be with Sherlock. If he was alive, well then that would make things all the more complicated? It would put this apparent pattern back into play, a live triangle that had stood the tests of time. Perhaps that's why the house brought them back in the first place! Perhaps it didn't approve of the ending they had given themselves, perhaps it thought Sherlock was destined for the other. They sat in what might have been the most uncomfortable silence John had ever experienced, for he knew that just as soon as Sherlock's eyes turned to the window and glassed over that he was lost now in the very same thoughts. He was considering it, pondering it, and wondering now what it might all mean. What the significance was, behind his previous affair with John, and his current state of companion. The drive to the Town Hall only took about ten minutes, yet it felt more like ten days when finally John pulled into the parking lot. His heart had been beating so loudly, yet he had insisted on keeping his breathing under control and so he had been basically suffocating himself as he drove. He felt as though the only way to supply himself oxygen was through large gasps, and of course Sherlock might suspect something was up if he just began gasping behind the wheel. And so as soon as John jumped out of the car (which was only a couple of seconds after he put it in park) he took a great big gulp of air, stretching out his legs and waiting now for Sherlock to get situated. The boy emerged from the car looking quite nervous, looking up at John before nodding and walking inside as properly as he could manage. Thankfully Mrs. Hudson was sitting at the desk, for she had just addressed Sherlock before she saw John come in behind him. Her business face melted away as a genuine smile appeared on her face, and she looked straight past Sherlock as if he no longer concerned her.
"No, no the opposite. It's in mint condition, Greg. Abandoned for a century, and looking like they had just walked out the door yesterday. It's ancient, and it's beautiful..." John gave a great groan of annoyance, letting his head thunk down onto his desk right next to his uneaten sandwich.
"Ya." John said quietly, although his wife seemed so far away now that it was almost irrelevant to bring her up. She seemed so far away from this life, this life that they were discovering piece by piece. John knew that if Sherlock and he had any connection at all, that they would be so removed from this real world they had built up for themselves that they ought to just leave it all behind. The house operated on a different clock, the house operated with different motives, and different connections. In this world John might be a professor, and Sherlock might be a graduate student, but not in that house. In that house, all titles and roles were abandoned; in that house it seemed that anarchy might ensue. Or rather, they would revert to a more primitive version of themselves. That photograph alone proved that things happened inside those walls that could not fully be explained. That photograph proved that Sherlock here was very drastically different from the Sherlock who lived in that house. But did he live in that house? No, it was impossible. It was physically impossible for any of this to actually be true...yet all the while John's brain was betraying him. For with the arrival of another person to share in the confusion, he found himself accepting things much easier than he had before. He found himself nodding along, no matter how crazy this world got to be. He found himself making sense of it all, purely on the basis that none of it made sense at all. As promised, it took about twelve minutes for the house to finally come within view. Those remaining twenty seconds, then, were occupied with rolling up the driveway and staring down that familiar house, with the windows that seemed to be looking right back. John sighed heavily, clutching onto the wheel and reminding himself not to be afraid. Obviously this house had powers, but it didn't have the intentions of hurting them. If it wanted to kill John it would've done that by now. If it wanted to kill John, well then why was it continually leading him straight back? All the while John was staring at the house apprehensively, Sherlock was gaping. He was looking up at the house with a look that could only be recognition, with his mouth hanging open in astonishment, for he it seemed as though he had found something he never even knew he had lost.
"Maybe that's this house's biggest secrets. Where it's hiding the vermin." Sherlock suggested with something of a chuckle.
"Professor, tell me you hear it too." Sherlock whined, clutching at his head as the screaming gave a shrill increase, as if it knew they were conspiring together. John groaned, yet nodded.
"Have you looked through the boxes enough?" Sherlock asked. John sighed heavily, giving the last one something of a kick before nodding his head.
"I'm not flirting." John corrected hastily, shaking his head in regret. "I'm saying that like it or not, we've got a past. And like it or not, you've got a past with Victor Trevor. We've all gotten tangled up in this big web, and it's hard for me to imagine there's much space for anyone else."
"What's so suspicious about research? My goodness Mary, I don't know if you have properly grasped the idea of students and professors working together. This isn't elementary school; we're allowed to interact with our students without needing to get a background check." John growled.
"Only because I feel that I'm stuck with you, in one way or the other. I'd hate to be conjoined eternally with a little brat." John snapped, to which a great big grin stretched upon Sherlock's face. Well of course John couldn't argue with that, Sherlock's laughter was contagious, and as soon as he began to chuckle John found himself laughing as well. He was happy to see that this was a laughing matter for them both, and that they could treat it as such.
"You're changing the subject. What's in that letter?" Sherlock demanded, getting to his feet. John panicked for a moment, starting now to shove the envelope into his pocket, shaking his head again and trying to force a calm smile onto his face. How was he to disregard this thing as useless, now that Sherlock had detected his lies?
"No, I don't think so. And even so, it's got so many secrets that it's infrastructure has got to be the most underwhelming." John decided with a little grumble.
"Professor Watson?" Reggie clarified, squinting into the darkness, to which John managed a nervous little wave. "Sherlock, you're leaving with
"Ya I know, it's gorgeous. But what are we even going to do with it? What can we do with it? This is our home, we can't just move into that old thing. We can't rent it." John grumbled. "But now we're responsible for it! And it'll be on my conscience if I let it fall to dust."
"Oh wow, that's...fascinating." Mary managed, although she didn't seem to have another word to describe it. Perhaps she didn't quite understand the connection, or care to explore any farther.
"I don't like to be wrong about anything, much less everything." John insisted. "Even if we're not reincarnated, I intend to live under that impression just to avoid having to declare myself mistaken."
and decide whether or not it would be worth it. He wasn't outed yet, and to go in for testing would be to admit it all. Victor should've been there to console him; it would've been the proper thing to do! And yet Sherlock had been alone, he had to make this fateful choice all by himself. And so he didn't let that happen to John, no he would be mature about this; he would fess up to his mistakes and look John right in the eyes. For this had been his fault, if John had contracted the disease it would be Sherlock's fault, for it was no doubt that John had not been planning that night to escalate as it did. Only a week ago, and yet they had no contact since then, not even a glance in the hallway, not even a little phone call to check in. This would be the first time Sherlock saw John Watson after he had stumbled out of his car and into the darkness, the first time since John had driven away in some sort of panicked state. And yes, that had certainly been an interesting night, and yet Sherlock didn't deserve to be abandoned in that way! He had only done what he had wanted to do, what John wanted to do! It had been consensual, and so it wasn't his entire fault if John tested positive. It had honestly been a joint effort. So Sherlock drove to the Watson household, thankful that he knew the way even after only having seen it once or twice. It was a cheerful little house, no doubt holding secrets behind its baby blue shingles and its cute white shutters. It was a perfect example of an average middle class family, one daughter, one son. John Watson was a star at most everything he did, he wasn't just average, he was extraordinary. He was brilliant in the classroom and astonishing on the sports pitch, he was a gifted athlete, a beautiful boy...and he might be dying. He might be dying. How Sherlock had found himself in John's car in the first place all seemed to be something of an accident, it wasn't like they knew each other very well, it wasn't like they were meant to be together. Sure, Sherlock would love it if they were bound to be soulmates and yet he knew that was never going to happen. John had a girlfriend, a very dedicated and beautiful one at that, and to admit that he had an affair with scrawny little Sherlock Holmes would be destructive to his social status and his communal reputation. And yet it had happened, he hadn't fought back, he escalated the whole ordeal, and so Sherlock was not solely to blame, he wasn't! And yet he felt as though the weight of the world was on his back as he pulled up to the curb, steadying himself on the wheel and taking deep, heaving breaths. He was so worried about the fate of John Watson that he hadn't even taken the time to process his own disease; he hadn't taken the time to realize that the very thing that might kill John Watson was positively harbored inside of himself. It would kill him eventually, there was no cure...there was no stopping it. And yet it wouldn't be a tragedy, oh of course he would be mourned by his family, and yet it wasn't like he was some sort of pillar of the community. He was just him; he was a face in the crowd, a shadow at the back of the room, a one hundred percent on the test and a pencil wagging in the back corner desk. He hadn't any friends, not even accomplices, for Victor really didn't count. That boy had never been interested in friendship, and when the thrill of the love was beginning to die he had left, just as he had done with countless others, no doubt. And John, well he couldn't be counted as a friend, more of a...well a boy. John was a mere factor in Sherlock's life, a mere night that when counted up against all the lonely nights seemed to be rather insignificant. They knew each other from class, that was all, and of course Sherlock had always harbored the same love for him as all the rest of the girls in the school, the same sort of hopeless longing that was understood by the masses. He never thought it would happen, he never thought that maybe there was a chance that he would find himself not only with John...but alone. He wasn't a friend, he wasn't an acquaintance, he was a quick lean, a touch and a kiss and a breath that just turned into too much! And what was worse, Sherlock didn't regret it. No not one bit, he could die, John could die, that night may have meant nothing but it meant
"Ah, good. Then I may offer you a glass of wine and not incriminate myself." Mary said with a little grin. Sherlock breathed something of a sigh of a relief, but nodded his head with a smile.
"I suppose." Sherlock agreed, as he could not force himself to muster up any emotion. He was just as afraid of crying as John was, perhaps more so. He hadn't much of a connection to Mary, other than being stuck on the same ship with her for the entire span of his life. The woman was a mere object in his world, as complex of a character as any person could be when they weren't exposed to anything more than a metal container and a view full of stars. She wasn't interesting, she wasn't lovable, she was nothing more than...than just
"I can't tell." Sherlock admitted quietly. "It feels right, but it doesn't feel like I own it. I recognize it but it seems to be borrowed, all the same."
As soon as John woke he saw the ceiling, he smelled the wine, and he knew something was wrong. He sat up sharply to find that it was dark, the curtains were drawn and the lights were off and yet he was still laying in the living room, on the couch, as if no one had bothered to move him yet. There wasn't a pillow under his head, nor a blanket draped over him...he was left to the elements, left to gravity. His neck hurt terribly, and his shirt stunk of old dried alcohol. John would like to say that he had forgotten the events of the night; oh it would be so much preferable if he had woken up in a blackout. And yet he knew that he hadn't been drinking, he knew that he had been attacked. He knew that he had said one too many stupid things, almost as if his mouth was working on its own to get him into trouble. John sighed heavily, sitting up and messaging his neck for a moment, staring now at the blank darkness before him and appreciating the serenity. It wasn't very often that he found himself alone. Not just physically, but in spirit as well. Suddenly he felt completely detached from everything, and everyone. He felt as though he had been let off of a chain that he hadn't even known was bounding him until now. He felt free as a bird...and yet what a horrible feeling it was! For nothing had changed tonight, nothing except Sherlock's final farewell. John had been attached to that boy, that chain that had been fastened to his soul had been hooked to Sherlock's as well, and just now he found himself completely and pathetically alone. For once John missed depending on someone; he missed being joined at the hip. Just as soon as they were getting to know each other, just as soon as they were beginning to accept each other! And John just has to open his mouth, he had to open his mouth and allow all of those dumb and pointless insults to go flying out. The question now was, who was talking? Was it him, or was it the house? Was there some sort of supernatural possession that had fallen over him, in an effort to drive Sherlock away? Well no, of course not. Why would the house want to separate them now that they've come so close? Was that not their destiny, in the end? Oh but if it was, it was ruined now! If they were supposed to go live in that house again, if they were supposed to get married, whatever history decided to relive, well it was over now, wasn't it? Everything they had worked towards, everything they had been brought together to do. It had all flown out the window, simply because John couldn't hold himself back. He couldn't control his anger, nor could he understand just where that anger was coming from. He couldn't decide if he was actually upset with Sherlock, for really there was no purpose to be! There was no use, holding Sherlock accountable for the things he had done before. Even if John was correct in assuming that Sherlock was a prostitute, well what would it matter? Certainly the Sherlock he knew now held himself to a higher level of decency. Or maybe John hadn't been mad; maybe he had just been afraid. Maybe he hadn't been able to handle whatever feelings were rushing through him. It wasn't so easy for him to hear Sherlock's confession and then go straight into describing a theory. John needed more time to digest Sherlock's new sexuality, while it made no differencein their relationship whatsoever, John still felt as though there was a tailoring of memories to do. He felt that he needed to go back and look at what had happened between them, this time putting a sort of filter over it all. He had to reevaluate their time spent together, just now instead of Sherlock Holmes the student he had to look at him now as Sherlock Holmes the homosexual.Was that fair? Well certainly not, that was about as stereotypical and alienating as you can get. And yet John had to take it all in, for he felt almost as if he had been living in a deception this entire time. It made no difference in their future, yet John still had to reconsider their past, and look deeper into what was done, and what was said, to make sense of it all! He didn't want to put one label and one label only on top of his friend's face, yet then again it was certainly a label that defined a good portion of their lives. For they already knew what made them different from all the rest, and those differences may be the deciding factors as to why they had been sent back in the first place. Oh, but was John even allowed to classify them as such? Using the word
"Oh God, your guess is as good as mine." John grumbled. "It's just been that house, that horrible house."
"She's dead?" John clarified, though in a passive sort of way. The sort of way one might mention a common nuisance, rather than a catastrophe such as this.
"Mary will figure it out in the end." John said confidently, without really thinking about what he was saying. For of course Sherlock wouldn't know who Mary was.
"Indeed." Sherlock agreed, also craning his neck so as to look inside. There was sunlight streaming through, making it look a lot more pleasant than the basement had in its threatening darkness. There was a smell of mildew, but beyond that John couldn't distinguish anything more.
They told Sherlock that as soon as he got his results back he had to tell everyone he'd ever had romantic contact with. That's what they had told Victor, of course, and so Sherlock had taken the proper precautions and gotten tested himself. And yet it had been something of an odd dream, a feeling of immortality that had come over him even as he heard the results getting read back to him in a very monotonous voice by an unsympathetic doctor. It was rather hard to think of himself as a dead man walking, a person grunting against the hatred from the outside world and now on the inside? How could he have been positive, how could something so horrible happen to him? If being gay wasn't bloody impossible before it sure was now, not only did everyone hate you but it seemed that God did as well...why else would he send down a disease that only killed homosexuals? They were being wiped out in droves, oh well Victor's death could certainly be tolerable, Sherlock could handle that and so could the rest of the world. Even dying himself didn't seem all too horrible of a fate, yes it was rather difficult to comprehend the fact that he was going to end up in his own grave sooner or later, however it was comforting, in a way, to know that somehow he wouldn't have to live to the full extent of his life. Everyone had deadlines hanging over their heads, and yet for healthy people death seemed awfully far away, it seemed almost irrelevant. And yet Sherlock didn't even feel sick! He felt healthy, but he knew that no matter what he did, the end was veering closer every day. He wasn't privileged enough to have any guarantees, like the people that milled around him and acted as if they were somehow his superior. Those who dared to scowl down at him, jeer at him, bully him, well it almost wasn't fair! Why did the tortured have to suffer even more, while the legitimate villains got to sit back and watch him die? Why did Sherlock get a death sentence for loving, while the bullies got to live out their lives simply because they hated? Maybe they were right; maybe they had finally gotten the right player on their side, God himself. Maybe he had decided to eradicate the homosexuals because they were mistakes, mutations? Maybe Sherlock was God's mistake. And yet that would make Victor a mistake (which really wasn't that hard to believe) and that would make John a mistake. And Sherlock could never be convinced that John was anything less than perfect, there wasn't a chance that boy had one flawed gene in his entire body, he was molded from perfection, he was the epitome of the ideal human being! And yet...he might have a death sentence on his head as well. Sherlock himself might have dragged him to the gallows along with him. So he was headed there now, in his lumpy old car, having left his mother at the hospital to find her own way home. He was too ashamed to even look her in the eye after all, for his romantic partners had always been kept more or less a secret. Of course she knew of Victor, everyone kind of did. Everyone knew of his orientation, and that was part of the reason he was tortures so heavily. She knew of Sherlock's interaction with him, he knew that he was hanging about him more often than most, and yet she had never had the firm confirmation that anything was happening. Little did she know that her own child was being manipulated by those electric blue eyes, and wooed by the words whispered in the deepest, most seductive of voices. It wasn't Sherlock's fault, that was what he told himself, and yet the first time may be true. Maybe he had just been caught up in the moment of it all, the opportunity so blissfully presented right at the time where he had been suspecting he might have wanted to... And yet the second time was very much his fault. And the third...well they could probably share the blame there. Oh what a sentencing that had been, if he had only known that loving Victor would bring upon his own demise then he would've stopped, he wouldn't have even begun? And who knows where Victor contracted it from, in all honesty he might have been the first, for it was no doubt that God would hate him the most of all the homosexuals. Everyone did, really. Everyone hated him. He told Sherlock to get tested over a phone call; he hadn't even bothered to show up in person, he hadn't even tried to be courteous about it. Sherlock had to sit in his room for
"No, it's not mine. Well I guess it is mine, technically, but I didn't bring it here for me. I found it in the house, and I need...well I've got to show it to someone." John said quickly, hiding the picture against his chest so as to keep Sherlock's secrets safe to himself once more. Even if it wasn't Sherlock in this picture, surely the man himself would not appreciate it if John was showing his great grandfather's scandalous photographs around the campus.
"Do you really think I should?" Sherlock asked apprehensively. "I mean, maybe you could just check the boxes, see if there's anything..."
be, Sherlock Holmes, performing the very acts that John had accused him of the other night. Defiling himself for the sake of a couple of coins, allowing those men his company for his own desperate sake. The vision made John shiver, he didn't like what he saw, and furthermore he didn't like that the vision seemed to see him back. It seemed to be accusing him of something almost as if it knew it was stuck in his head, almost as if it was angry that he simply couldn't disregard it. Maybe he was going crazy, yes? But that image stuck in his head, stuck like glue...so that every passing moment he couldn't think of anything but what he had been presented with in that dim, blurred vision. A man, two men, entangled to become one. Combined, connected, one of them being Sherlock Holmes. And the other...well John could only guess to who the other one was. He could guess all day, for it might be anyone alive or dead, and yet he liked one more likely possibility. He liked the idea that it might have been someone only too recognizable, someone he saw every day when he looked in the mirror. It would make sense, wouldn't it? If they had been reincarnated for the purpose of the house, well of course there must have been something between them. Sherlock spoke of a mystery lover, yet perhaps he decided to keep away the more familiar details for the sake of John's marriage and modesty. It would be rather frightening to admit to a Professor that you were having very vivid dreams about them. So maybe Sherlock was covering it all up. John tried to tell himself that this thought process was entirely for the sake of wrapping his head around the matter. He tried to tell himself that he had no personal agenda when he tried to rationalize himself into the romantic plot of it all. It only made sense to his conscience when he decided that this wishful thinking was all in the name of science. The third day came, and still there was no word from his counterpart. John knew that it might just be best to leave it all alone; maybe he should just keep that house and visit enough to keep it satisfied. Yet he knew that was a terrible plan of attack, not just irrational but impossible as well. It seemed to him that they were both just waiting, they both knew that it would impossible to deny their connection; they knew it would be impossible just to walk away from each other because of a silly argument. John waited in vain for long enough, finally he decided that this temporary silence just had to end. They were not getting anywhere with silence, they were only kidding themselves if they thought such a grudge could last long. As if Sherlock actually believed the house would tolerate such a thing? Oh, it was difficult for John to admit it, but he did miss the boy. He missed his voice, his smile. He missed his little laugh, or that look of illumination when they pieced something else together. It was growing too long, this eternal silence. And it was time to end it once and for all.
"John where on earth have you been? My God I was about to file a missing person's report! You weren't at your work, I called Greg, your phone wasn't working and..."
"Well I don't tell Greg everything." John defended, settling himself into his car while Sherlock got into the passenger seat, looking quiet and somewhat ashamed. Evidently he hadn't realized the consequences of John's absence, and was regretting ever underestimating the wrath of a wife.
"Oh I'm not sure, we don't keep things labeled by houses." She muttered. "Although I can check for building permits and whatnot, if that's helpful?"
"You don't know this is really him. I mean, there might be thousands of people with that name." John warned, trying to grasp at any sort of hope he could find. Yet he knew that Sherlock was smart enough to account for that, he understood that Sherlock would not be this excited if he hadn't been certain.
The pads of his fingers are raw — his calluses had softened, weakened during the hiatus. The muscles along the back of his neck and the tendons in his fingers had been telling him for the last hour that it's been too long since he had done this, but he had ignored them — transport. Now he lets himself feel the pain. Head sagging, violin and bow hanging down by his sides. He breathes deeply, letting everything bleed out of his frame.
"The NHS is an under-funded, creaky dinosaur slowly devouring itself through bureaucracy and too much influence from the weathervane opinions of politicians, but I still wouldn't work anywhere else in the UK. One of the two things I need to learn today is what constraints you are going to place on recruitment of the rest of the research staff. Seamus Murphy said I would be able to pick my own team. This is an important incentive to me, so I need a guarantee of it before I can accept the offer."
Edgar's fingers are already flying on the screen of his large-model iPhone. "Three o'clock noted. And I have added your brother on the lists."
As he manoeuvres the low-slung black sports car across the junction and down onto the Embankment, Sebastian hears the threat in that statement, and a mild frisson of fear tightens the muscles of his lower back. A thin trickle of sweat begins to soak into his shirt.
"that the time will come when hundreds of Englishmen will come to Switzerland for the skiing season. I believe I may be the first, save only two Switzers, to do any mountain work, but I am certain I will not by many thousands be the last."
"Yes. During that time, there were no calls regarding a patient whose injuries involved a blood loss of that quantity. And there were also no admissions to a London hospital of such a patient on a walk-in or self-admitted basis, either."
"Now, let me tell you why this simple little track is the most dangerous part of today's journey." His voice takes on a more sombre tone. "The sun today has warmed things up; the steep wall of the Le Perron mountainside above the track is known for avalanches. The rating today for the rest of the four valleys is moderate, but here I think in this spot is always a three or worse. So, keep alert."
"Violet's son sought reconciliation by inviting her to join one of his therapy sessions. I believe there may be more?" Doctor Pichler prompts.
He laughs, but the smile that follows is predatory. "You are easily fooled. That one is no sweet little housewife. How are you getting on with the Consulting Detective these days?"
He had turned back to look at her, then down to the hand resting on his arm and the manicured pink nails on the fingers that were now brushing softly against his shirt sleeve.
him; just conducting a Glasgow Coma Scale, since you can't be bothered to tell me what I need to know. Sherlock… eyes open,
He sounds distracted, his voice is a bit muffled, husky. I can hear the sound of other voices in the background, but not well enough to make out what they are saying. "Are you helping, trying to find the skiers who got caught?"
"I'm eating lunch with Edgar. Lestrade has asked to see me at three; do you know what it's about? Because I'd really like to talk to him about the offer."
"Hello?" John desperately wants to hear that baritone again, telling him the truth, but instead it is a woman's voice on the other end of the line, "Doctor Watson?"
Then he forwards it, untraceable of course, to Mycroft Holmes and his CIA counterpart along with a follow-up message:
Sebastian had one phone call to make from the police station, and he'd decided against using it to contact Jim. He didn't want to admit to this blunder, or at least be spared the humiliation of being bailed by the man. His call went to the solicitor who Jim has on permanent retainer, for just this sort of work.
“Dat’ be grand,” Garry replies. “I'll be ahn me way den. good loehck wit yooehr business matter, Jahhn.”
"As the announcement was made two years ago, what has the Steadman Company been doing on the smart shunt project in the meantime?"
The dance instructor behind her is frowning, now, as she reaches up and takes Janine’s head and re-positions it so she is leaning back even more. “Your neck…needs to be like a swan. Graceful, elegant. You look over man’s shoulder, not in eyes.”
"Yes," Sherlock cuts in before John says it. Some things are still… hard. "And strangely enough, they said that they think they have just the man for the job."
The voices get louder the further he descends down the stairs in his bare feet, until he is standing at the door to the living room, taking in the sight of Sherlock, still in yesterday’s clothes, gesticulating wildly in his
lark. As much as he loathes the label, it relieves the pressure when someone does know about him being on the Spectrum. Lady Wolfson had gone to university with Sherlock's mother but not embarked on an academic career; family wealth provided other opportunities for distinguishing herself. Stella, as she is known to her friends, is straightforward to the point of directness, observant, educated and respectful — all qualities he can appreciate.
It can help him to talk about this experience. Some compassion for his ordeal and the death of his fellow skier might help to calm him."
Whatever Sherlock is saying to them sounds to me to like a reprimand. The group he's addressing now all look a bit sheepish, almost embarrassed.
Mycroft pulls up a chair and joins Sherlock at the table, placing his incessantly buzzing phone face down next to him.
"He's accepted, then." Disappointment takes hold of the senior surgeon's tone. "I thought at least he'd have the decency to talk to me first."
Today, instead, the flat is cold, dark and empty—exactly how John feels. The ring he would have been offering is still in the box, at the back of the drawer in the bedside table upstairs. Angry, depressed and agitated beyond belief by the swelling of his emotions, John bolts out of his chair. He can no longer cope with the fact that there is no reply to his messages. It's burning a hole through him, the idea that this might be the day when he learns that Sherlock is actually alive or whether this has been just one big game that Moran has been playing to fuck with his mind.
If you are following the story over on In Madness Lies Sanity, you will need to rewind your mental clock to the evening of Sherlock’s capture at Oghill.
Eventually, we skirt along the left side of the little lake area. There, our track connects with the main traffic coming down from Mont Fort. The steep incline ahead of us at the western edge of the frozen pond is where, in the summertime, the glacier water cascades down into the Lac du Cleuson, formed by the dam at the end of the water.
Three days later, they're at Molly's lab. John is reading the post-mortem report which she'd just handed to him.
John notices his bare arms have grown goosebumps again, and that Sherlock is shivering; the fever must be on the rise again. A quick, cursory exam reveals swollen glands under his chin which seem sore. "Could be tonsillitis."
He has the whole weekend to fret and worry about it, and the prospect is putting a total damper on his enthusiasm for food, company... anything, if he's honest.  His instinct is to climb under a duvet and stay there for the duration until someone tells him it is safe to come out. He doesn't even have research or the planning of upcoming surgeries in which to bury his brain; he's booked three days of holiday from King's for next week, but he suspects those days will just be spent at GOSH.
Fake deaths—Monkford's and his own. John has worked it out. Sherlock puts the laptop down and resumes pacing. Despite the danger it puts John in, he can't help but congratulate him.
“He saw you angry and frustrated, and arrogant and superior, proud and smug. But not sad. Not afraid. And not happy.”
"How would you know if you could be a good fit with a doctor? I'm not saying you need a medical degree for that, but it has to be different from that fashion guy you worked with before."
"You bastard. You're the one who left that stupid comment on the blog." John knows what he wants. He’s known what he’s wanted to do since he went for Moran outside the pre-inquest. So, he pushes him, verbally as well as physically. “You’re just jealous,” knowing this will hit a few hot buttons.
weary, as the saying goes. His whole bloody life seems to be oriented around what he and Sherlock had done. Not just the case work; he hasn’t been able to fix himself a cup of tea without automatically putting two mugs on the kitchen table. His life had been so intimately connected to Sherlock's, in so many ways, that the past two months have been a constant, continuous reminder of what is missing.
"Going without a goodbye kiss?" Reggie challenged. This time Sherlock ignored him, shaking his head and getting a bit moodily into the passenger seat.
"Milverton is a persistent fellow, that I must admit. He knew that he must have something to weigh against the most influential characters in London and all of England, I dare say. I was no exception." Holmes said simply, the candle now set upon the mantle and his hands settled deep in his trouser pockets. He looked deeply troubled, yet I could not spare his emotions now. I could hardly think of my questions now that I was allowed to ask them, yet it was with great difficulty that I raised the second letter. It was already out of its envelope, and in a rather sloppier version of the detective's familiar handwriting. He must have heard the papers rustling, for just as soon as I dared unearth the letter, his voice interrupted me sharply.
"I've seen this house before." Sherlock admitted quietly, below his breath all the while he kept walking. He kept moving forward, farther into this house where he was supposed to be. He kept stepping deeper and deeper into its walls, abandoning his life on the outside world. All the while he had never been in this house before; he was still retracting his ancient footsteps.
"Oh it's just my father, he was an impossible man. Unreasonable, abusive, a drunkard most times. And my mother hated me, she hated me from the moment I was born and I really can't say why. My sister ran away at the age of thirteen, and I had suffer there until I could finally just get out. Went to college, paid for it myself, and moved over here just as soon as I could find a spot for myself." John grumbled. Sherlock was quiet for a moment, letting his head hang in regret as he listened to John's tragic backstory.
"What condition is it in, can you tell us that?" Mary wondered apprehensively, clutching the seat as the car jumped through yet another ungodly pothole. Of course, if the road was any indicator of the house's shape, well then certainly it was going to be a disaster.
"Not something I would dream of doing." Sherlock agreed with a little shutter. John nodded, yet he could only guess that it had something to do with his own dream as well. Undoubtedly something which corresponded to Sherlock's little occupation. "You said you had a dream as well?"
"I could love you too." John agreed, smiling again in such a foreign way that Sherlock was taken aback.
"Dare I ask how so?" Sherlock wondered. John sighed heavily, thinking back now to just how rough his life had been as a kid. Well no one would've known it, really, for it wasn't like he had come from some trailer park in the middle of the Virginia's.
"I think so." John agreed in a sort of grumble. "But it's got far more than looks, Sherlock. Far more."
Sherlock cried in astonishment, picking up the ring in some urgency and sliding it onto his finger as quickly as he could. It wasn't much more encouraging when the ring slid so easily onto his finger, almost as if it was fitted exactly for him.
"Oh stop that Greg, you're being stupid." John scoffed. "Truth is, I had to take him to his research project. Had to drop him off in the woods somewhere.  Then I went home."
"Not your current ones." Sherlock corrected. Finally John sat up, knowing that his face had now turned ghostly pale. He looked to Sherlock, who was standing very awkwardly, with that letter in his hand and that golden ring on his finger. Never had a man looked any more conflicted, confused, or beautiful. Never before had John been overcome with both shame and relief, for while it would seem as though his past self had betrayed him, he had also made John's job of admittance all the more simple. Surely he had to say nothing, now it would just be assumed.
"That's what a lot of people say about me." Sherlock mumbled a bit proudly. John looked over at him with a little side smile, however Sherlock looked a bit ashamed at his own words. Almost as if he was surprised he had actually said such a thing out loud. Then again, John decided to just ignore that comment, considering they had both been witness to his ancestor's (or past self's, who knows?) way of putting such good looks to work. And so he just got the key from his pocket, locking his car doors and starting his way up to the front door. Sherlock followed along eagerly, bounding up the stairs and breathing very deep breaths, taking in the house and all of its surroundings in the same sort of way someone might do when they have returned home after a long while. Taking in every little thing, everything they might have taken for granted before...and just savoring it all. John smiled at him, in his own way to call Sherlock to attention, and with that he stuck the key in the lock and turned. And just like that, the door swung open before them both. John stood back, lingering so that he could allow Sherlock to be the first one in. He was curious what the boy might do. John had felt drawn to certain parts of the house when he had first entered, so it might be some sort of character study to see how Sherlock might react, and where he might wander to. This might help him piece together this puzzle, once and for all. Sherlock might have been his missing link all along. Sherlock wandered inside like a man in a trance, his feet walking without full consent of his mind. He merely wandered, here and there about the foyer as if he knew just where to step, and just what to look at. For a moment he stared at the painting which was on the ceiling, and for another moment he observed the chandelier, and then again he stared for a long while at the various statues which were hidden away in the shadowed alcoves. And John merely watched, he felt as though none of the art which was hiding about this house would even come close to the amount of beauty depicted before him in human form, and so John merely closed the door behind him, pocketed the key, and leaned up against the wood. He watched as Sherlock's eyes sparkled, like a child's on Christmas day, and he watched as his long limbs swayed this way and that, swaying from side to side in his own majestic way. John felt more complete now than he ever had, there was a feeling of pleasure that wasn't just coming from himself and Sherlock, but from the house itself. It was considerably warmer, John could feel that warmth and that pride within his very bones, this house was congratulating him on following the clues it had left for him. It was congratulating him for finding the missing link, and bringing this household back together again. Something made John speculate that they had been here before, both of them in this house in other ages...long ago. The house was merely welcoming Sherlock back, it was accepting him once more as part of the family. Finally Sherlock began to walk, without a word he mounted the staircase and ascended like a man on a mission. His fingertips trailed the wooden banister, in a pattern which may already be so familiar to him, and he stepped up the stairway in quite the dreamlike stance.
"You don't think you just happened to um...to stay over then?" John mumbled apprehensively. "Perhaps this picture...well perhaps this was a woman's room." he suggested, although the words caught painfully in his throat. Thankfully Sherlock chuckled, glancing over at John with something of a sideways, knowing smile.
"I did." John agreed, although he wasn't entirely sure if that was a lie or not. Sherlock nodded, yet a bit of an awkward silence persisted between them. Thankfully Sherlock found it within himself to continue on, for he was going somewhere with this argument. John couldn't think of a thing to say, and he was still nodding at regular intervals, feeling his knees become clammy and his grip tighten on his wine glass. But he wasn't afraid; no he wasn't afraid of Sherlock one bit. He was more afraid of himself, and what this confession might do to that little voice in the back of his head, the one who might dare to say that it was okay now.
"You know, I really am hoping this attitude of yours is just because you're tired." John snapped. Sherlock gave a little chuckle, this time rolling over so that he could keep his gaze focused on John without much effort.
"You can let that all go, John. Let it all go. You're happy now, are you not?" Sherlock asked in that calm voice, a soft voice that might have deceived John into believing it meant something more.
"A BOY!" she yelled. It was an accurate description, of course, and yet it was terribly broad. Thankfully she didn't ask for his name, for as much as Sherlock would like to be announced he would rather his name didn't shake across the walls that may just hold his partner to Hell.
"Weren't we the previous owners?" Sherlock pointed out, tearing the sheet off of the desk and nodding proudly. "Beautiful." He muttered, though John wasn't entirely sure if he was commenting on the desk itself, or the reflection Sherlock saw in the mirror. In John's opinion, both was the correct answer anyway. The desk had plenty of drawers, none of which Sherlock seemed to interested in. his attention had instead been caught, as usual, by the shining thing that was sitting on the desk. It was a simple band of gold, something rather unexciting in John's mind. Yet just as soon as Sherlock saw it he gave a little cry of recognition, as if that little ring had meant so much to him at one point. The very idea made John a bit sick, for he of all people could identify an engagement ring. He had to look at them so dreadfully long, so long ago when he thought he had picked the right partner.
"That's a strangely obsessive view point for you, John. You didn't even care about the house yesterday." Mary pointed out with a frown.
"I'm sure there's something it can swallow." John presumed, swaddling the baby a bit tighter into the blanket so that its arms would stop waving about.
"Me? Well you never know, Sherlock, I mean what my past life was like. You never know that I don't have the capabilities of loving men." John defended, feeling rather offended that Sherlock could count him out without a single thought. Sherlock merely blinked, for obviously he picked up on John's immediate (and rather angry) offensive tone.
"Well when we're asleep it can feed us dreams, and never so vividly as when we're inside its walls." Sherlock pointed out.
"You think it'll be a door?" Sherlock asked as they started their way around the third floor, one of the most underwhelming parts of the house. Presumably it was for guests, that or for servants. The rooms weren't as breathtaking, but there was a quaint little lounge in the middle of the floor that looked worthwhile.
"Other bags?" John coughed, looking at the size of Sherlock's suitcase and wondering how he hadn't already packed the whole of his possessions inside.
"Well, just as most history, this isn't going to change no matter how much we ignore it. It's our job now, to stay on task. We've come to find the mystery man, and now we've been offered a Mr. Trevor." Sherlock pointed out.
"What on earth are you getting up to with that kid? Let's not forget you've got a pornographic picture, and now you're running about and skipping classes with him? I know I'm not supposed to get suspicious, especially not of my best friend, but really John. A guy has to start wondering." Greg admitted with a little hum.
it's more important than your reputation! You could die from this!" Sherlock exclaimed, to which John just shook his head, shaking his head so furiously as if he thought he could just shake the disease right from his body.
"If you're so determined to classify your dreams as reality, then be my guest. But I really don't think that I had been, or ever will be, a used car salesman." John snapped. Oh even as he forced those words out he had to cringe, for he hated to keep things from Sherlock. This man was someone he was supposed to share everything with. This was someone, the only one in the world, who knew what sort of struggles John was dealing with. Then again, John knew in his heart that those dreams meant something. How else could he have dreamt of that picture, before he ever saw it? How else could he have dreamt of Sherlock, before he realized that he was a real person?
"Good." John nodded, looking up towards Sherlock yet suddenly finding it rather difficult to look him in the eyes. It was hard to look at him, and try to keep his enthusiasm under control. Although he knew that excitement wasn't something to be ashamed of, all the same he felt a little awkward. He felt almost childish, feeling as though he was about to jump for joy after having found a suitable playmate.
"Yes." John said with a quick blink of his eyes, feeling the color drain out of his face all the same. Well he didn't know if he had known that or not, he didn't know if internally he had settled upon an option. Of course he had speculated it, due primarily to all of these dreams he had been having of their past selves. But that confirmation then made things look a little bit bleaker now, for if Sherlock really did have an interest in men then that was making John's dreams seem all the more realistic.
"Oh well, thank you." Sherlock said with a little smile, going over to plop down on the couch as if his legs really couldn't support him any longer. John looked over a bit hesitantly, noticing now just how small that couch was, more of a loveseat really.
"All the same, my head is still pounding. I still hear it, even if it's gone. Just the echoes now." Sherlock admitted with a shudder.
"Well, you own the place now, don't you? I suppose you go there, then. Go check it out, see if it's worth your time. If not, try to sell it. Although, I suggest flipping it, in all honesty. These days house flipping is where all the money is. If it's a rundown shack then abandon it, but if not, try to make some money." Greg suggested with a grin.
"I'm sorry, Professor Watson I...I don't think I've been terrorizing you! If I have been well then...well then it certainly wasn't my intention!" the boy breathed, cowering even farther away from John yet just now mustering the courage to look him in the eyes. John stared into his gaze for a moment, seeing legitimate confusion, and furthermore legitimate terror. And so the boy was properly afraid, well that was good, wasn't it? That was useful. If he was afraid, well then surely he would very easily learn his lesson, and not dare to bother John any longer.
"Yes, well..." John hesitated, smiling a bit apologetically. "I dreamt that I was a used car salesman." He lied quickly, for he didn't want to admit to having had a dream that corresponded with Sherlock's. The man would pry, he knew that for sure, and just as soon as John admitted the truth, that he had dreamed that Sherlock would have taken such a profession, and that he would invited John to join him in his bed...well certainly there would be an impossible gap between them! Yet all the same, now John had to wonder what Sherlock's dream had been about. Was it about John?
"Alright then, I love you John." Mary said in a teasing little voice, still like a teenager who put such meaning in such a commonly used statement.
"It's me." Sherlock interrupted, just in time for John to pull back his hand, unnoticed. He came to his senses quickly, enough to step away and nod madly.
John growled, releasing now a little maniacal laugh. Sherlock got to his feet immediately, his jaw dropping in defense, now looking ready to smack John across the face in his defense.
"Oh don't ask now, she might say no!" Mary whined, tugging on her husband's arm as if to pull him closer to the house.
"I'm um...well Victor Trevor called me. And so I got tested, John I'm...I'm HIV positive." Sherlock whispered, letting his head fall down in shame while he heard John's breath leave his lips in horror.
"When I called it always said the number was out of service." Mary admitted quietly, her voice sounding broken, as if she had been crying for some time.
"You don't say." Sherlock said with a little chuckle, holding the key in his palm and standing back up, twirling it between his fingers so pointedly. John felt as though he should take it back, for even if there was the slightest chance Sherlock had been creeping around his house, well the key would probably make his endeavors a lot easier. John almost stretched out his hand, but something stopped him, a tiny voice in the back of his head that made him stand still. Something in his head told him...it told him to stay back. That this was all meant to happen that...that the key
"I suppose you're right, on both fronts." John agreed. "I've just been so distracted, by that house I...I don't know why it's got me so obsessed."
"I don't like this." He said obviously, however all the same he started down the steps with something of determination.
"Don't you sound just like an American." Sherlock chuckled. "Denying your past, just because you're ashamed of it."
"Well for how long? You know I don't like to be here alone!" whined another unfamiliar voice. Sherlock slammed the screen door shut, only to have it opened once more by a tall, bland looking boy who John had never seen before. He seemed to be about Sherlock's age, with greying hair and a long intellectual looking face. He was wearing nothing but pajama pants, with his hair disrupted and a pair of glasses perched on his nose.
I first took note of my friend's particular carefulness as we stumbled over the cold body of Charles Augustus Milverton, a man who once held several particularly important lives in his own hands, and now was without his own. The safe which held such important documents, those which would be responsible for the downfalls of many important ladies and gentleman, should of course they ever see the light of the public eye, was open and filled to the brim with such condemning papers and notes. It was Mr. Sherlock Holmes's mission now to destroy the documents, for the house was already stirring with the sound of a gunshot, and we hadn't much time to spare the lives and reputations of our client, as well as the other unfortunate souls who had let their secrets spill much too easily. Talkative housemaids, butlers, and grooms were responsible for the letters and papers which contained their masters' or mistresses' most dear secrets, and it was all I could do now but stand back and watch as Holmes threw great handfuls into the blazing fire. I didn't bother checking to see if Mr. Milverton was still alive, for such a villain was not worthy of my care, yet it was with some anxiousness that I stood and watched my friend at work. The house had been alerted, the police would surely be called, and here we were, dressed in black with masks around our eyes, standing at the scene of the crime. Of course we would be the suspected murderers, should our presence be discovered, and it was the fear of the gallows which made me hurry him along with quick cues of eagerness. Yet something seemed to have caught his eye, a particular note or letter that was tied up in a great bundle near the back of the safe, with the older, less useful items of the container. Surely it had some great value, for his stern face paled as he examined the thing with long, trembling fingers.
"You know as well as I that it's not as simple as that." Sherlock scoffed. John sighed heavily, shaking his head and folding his hands a bit apprehensively on his desk. He stared at the picture some more, a beautifully photographed image, with that man looking long, lean, and handsome. That man that might be so tempting.
"Yes well, sometimes it's nice just to hang out with a man who isn't so keen. It makes friendship only too complicated." Sherlock growled. "That's why it's nice to have you."
John stayed away for a little while. He stayed away as long as he could fathom it, as long as he could live without it. All the while, the key in his pocket kept getting heavier, as if with every passing day it needed to remind him of its presence. As if it thought it had been forgotten, and neglected, by the man who was supposed to be its owner. With its weight it called upon John to take action, it begged him to keep investigating, to find out the secrets, to found out the reason this was all unfolding around him. It was...well it was becoming rather burdensome. It was hard to just sit on his couch, and enjoy the moments of peace he was allowed. It was hard to sit at his desk, still with this thing in his pocket, weighing him against the chair yet still trying to pull him away. It was becoming hard to walk, now with one leg heaving a much more considerable burden than the other. It was hard to do much of anything except think. Because who was he kidding, this key was winning. This house was winning over his dedication, and his motivation. This house was laughing at him, telling him repeatedly, over and over again, that there was nothing he could do to avoid it. Because as he sat at his couch and relaxed, he thought about the house. And as he sat at his desk and did his work, he thought about the house. And as he walked, he thought about the house. And as he slept, he dreamed of the house, and as he ate, he thought about the house, and as he talked, his lips were forming words but those words didn't correspond to his thoughts, his thoughts that were still down the road, and through the woods, and over the potholes, and over the threshold. And in the house. And who knows what he did anymore, who knows what he said anymore? He couldn't remember his life, the last thing he could recall with vivid clarity was Sherlock Holmes's visit to his office, those eyes he could draw from memory. That face, which was so perfectly akin to the drawing that still sat on his printer paper, folded so many times and stuffed in a drawer. That face that had been in the house, on the bed, and in his dream. That face that must have reincarnated itself to match to John's timeline, and to torment him. Perhaps Sherlock Holmes's face was here to do exactly what the house was here to do. They had both fallen into place just as soon as John thought he had his life together, they had both appeared out of thin air to remind him just how mistaken he really was. And so as he sat here, hunched over his desk and trying to concentrate, trying to grade the papers that he had handed to his students...well of course his mind wouldn't steady. With every passing footstep in the hall he expected it to be Sherlock, with every little creak of the woodwork he thought it was a knock by that man's hand, coming to visit simply because he didn't know what he was supposed to do now, either. Sherlock Holmes who must be just as maddened as John...Sherlock Holmes who must be just as confused, and just as distracted. It was almost rude, keeping him from the house, don't you think? It was almost rude to open him up to this gigantic thing, this plot that had been unfolded before the two of them. Why was it in John's power to shush him away? Whatever was happening here, whatever was happening with this house and with this insanity, Sherlock Holmes was equally involved in it. Anyone who dares haunt those halls belonged there as well. Just because John owned the key, doesn't mean he owned the house. Doesn't mean he had full possession of its secrets, and its history, and its meaning. How selfish of him to assume that it was his own. How selfish was he, not to acknowledge the other parts of the whole. Well of course this was this thought process only after he was forced out of his stagnation. This was his thought process only after he had turned that key in the lock once more, and started inside the house where he belonged. This was his thought process only after he had found himself in the sitting room, standing and staring at the one picture that was still held in its dusty frame, new from the last time he visited. He only thought to consider Sherlock Holmes into this mess when he went to take the picture, this ancient black and white thing, trapped in its cage of glass and wood. Sitting on the mantle, daring to hold that man's face inside. Daring to depict a man wrapped up in nothing but that same infuriating robe, that piece of fabric that was showing too much yet too little all at the same time. Wrapped improperly, and leaning up against a bedpost...in the same state which John had seen him in the dream. Standing against that bedpost, as if someone had been standing behind John in his dream world with an old camera, snapping a shot just in time for John's eyes to meet the man's. Just in time for John to feel himself go just a little bit more insane. John snatched the picture from the mantle, staring at it intensely as if expecting it to move. He didn't want to think about this, he didn't want to know how the face of Sherlock Holmes was sitting here on his mantle, in this house, in an old, worn, and scandalous photograph. And yet it seemed to make all the sense in the world, it seemed to mean something once more. Sherlock was tangled up in this house just as much as John was, maybe even more. They both must have some sort of ancient ancestors, who had lived in this house before them. Evidently John's ancestor had his name, and Sherlock's ancestor had his face. And they had lived here years before their great great grandsons would ever find out about this perfectly intact structure. John shook his head, stumbling back onto the couch very weakly and falling into the depths of its cushions. It was still comfortable, oh
Then again, he needs to be the one to decide when he's done well. Not Violet, not John, not anyone else — not even the bigshots at GOSH. Getting the new unit up and running is not a goal; it's a prerequisite to getting to the real work. Once they have a new shunt, Sherlock might give himself a proverbial pat on the back. He had told this to John a few days back, and John had argued that Sherlock's expectations tend to be so unrealistically high that he's bound to fail them and be frustrated — that, even if he reaches a goal he's set for himself, he'll just shrug and say he should have done it faster or even better.
This chapter comes with a trigger warning and the addition of a tags for imprisonment and torture (if you are reading along with the mirror fic, In Madness Lies Sanity, you will be aware of this already). It's not particularly gruesome, but it does occur to a beloved character, so if this is likely to distress you, you may want to give this chapter a miss and pick the story back up again at Chapter 15.
It takes time for the others to find me. I try to imagine the scene above me, people using the long metal probes that come in an avalanche pack, triangulating my location on their transponders.
"They'd had a … conversation in the morgue at Barts. It was recorded, and the police have that recording ..." He lets his words hang as he looks to Lestrade in the audience.
"The negative and the positive are so intimately etched together that it's hard to make distinctions like that."
He puts the kettle on and pulls up a chair at the kitchen table, laptop open in front of him. He stares at the screen. The fight seeps away from his bones. The blood-red visceral anger he felt when he had seen Moran, had tried to deck him outside the coroner's court, has slithered back to its dark recess. Lurking, but reluctant to show its face. He wishes he could summon that anger back now. Rage is much better feeling, a more comfortable emotion than the depression that has him in its grip at night.
Gun still trained on the opening, he peers down, immediately covering his nose when the stench of old diesel, mould and damp emanating from the space meets it. He supposes that it might bother some people, descending into unfamiliar territory, but despite the deep-set worry in his gut, he feels something more like nervous anticipation. He used to feel the same way on patrol in Afghanistan working with the units searching houses, uncovering weapons caches. Still, he takes care when descending. Pausing to make sure that the space really is empty. When he reaches the bottom, he uses the torch function on his phone to scan the room and spots — a lantern set on a crate. He switches it on and is relieved that it is bright enough to illuminate the whole space.
"Pudding comes after proper food," I tease him with a gentle slap on his luscious bottom before I start changing into something suitable for an evening out.
"Esteemed? At King's, I am one of the consultants, no more and no less. Lestrade insists I must waste my time with bread-and-butter things even though my surgical skills are in demand elsewhere, even abroad, for the most difficult cases. He opposes favouritism more than he wants to make the best of my abilities."
My skis are not visible, nor are my boots. Instead of hard snow, the powder is almost springy, compacting as I go down. It moves with me; it's as if a cloud is carrying me down the mountain. The turns are not the hard edges of yesterday's work on the pistes and over the moguls. Instead, it's a lazy series of loose, sinuous arcs, driven by only the slightest change in the angle of my legs. Powder is counter-intuitive; it asks different things from a skier than maintained runs. Instead of pushing my legs down in the hollows of yesterday's mogul field, I have to lift my knees to get the ski tips out of the powder. One might be tempted to sit back on one's heels, but that's the worst thing to do in this environment. My ankles are flexed, shins in contact with the front of my boots, and my skis are aligned with the fall line. No zigzagging; this is not a case of cutting across the face of the mountain. Instead, I am riding the shifting snow surface down: as if I was surfing a wave, I keep my body weight poised over my feet or even a little ahead. Without compacted snow and ice, my speed is naturally slower, so I can go up a gear and tease the limits of my skills without fear.
I can't resist. "Serves you right. You're an idiot if you think you're getting out of here tonight."
“Too close by, maybe. She might wake. Is my—the old bed upstairs cleared off?” John’s face was buried in Watson’s curly hair, but his voice wasn't stiff or awkward.
Violet is standing by the mullioned window, looking out at the garden. "She never could abide him having friends. Always so
He looked at his daughter who was reaching up a chubby hand to play with Sherlock's curls; the man's sitting height was too far out of reach, but he gingerly bowed down so that she could starfish her hand in his messy ringlets. She was endlessly fascinated by Sherlock, which John understood well because he was endlessly fascinated by Sherlock, too.
"That means he came to that bloody gala poised for a fight. That just confirms that it had little to do with you."
Finally, as a wonderful bonus treat we have a fanart commission from the amazing Cecilia GF. Please support her by visiting and following her at
The assistant had texted him forty minutes earlier to inquire whether a joint commute could be possible for the two doctors, and John had just spotted the young man walking out of the hospital, presumably heading for Russell Square Tube station.
“Some sort of joke, hm? Think they got me mixed up with someone else. Came over all friendly when I walked in too, like they knew who I was. Only been there once, though, and it was years ago.”
"It was as the orthopaedist suspected; a loose bit from his cartilage kept wedging itself in when he was running. It should all be sorted now, though it'll be a while before he can pound more pavement. I doubt his heart was in it to start with; he just got rather bloody-minded about some charity thing."
John isn't surprised. Sherlock might often be socially oblivious and not very considerate of the needs of others, but since his own habits and requirements have often not been met at workplaces, he obviously has a lot of understanding for these things.
"Couldn't have asked for a better camera man. All the way down." Jim makes a plane out of his left hand and spirals it down to mimic the disaster; "Zoooooom, all those screams. Then a big crash. It was de-lish-ous."
I thank her and waste no time in making my way through the set of doors. Some of the cubicles have curtains drawn shut while others have been shut only partly, probably to give patients privacy to each other but easy access to medical staff. Their numbers seem in more abundant supply at this A&E than in the Kings' equivalent.
“I have become accustomed to coping with your presence. Even to the point of valuing it, or, rather, you. That is an extraordinary compromise in my book. Completely unprecedented, in fact. I don't need to get you to sign a piece of paper to that effect. Do you?"
... John hazards a guess that these are likely to be 16 bore percussion pistols, the type favoured by officers at the time.
She doesn't know why she has decided to attend Doctor Pichler's group session tonight. She doesn't know what she's looking for, or if she's even looking for anything; there had simply been something about the idea that had made her curious. She has not met many other parents of autistic children. There were none in North Chailey. She wonders if things have changed — if the life of such families is easier now.
How does she know about his drug use? He's extraordinarily careful not to show any signs of being high when he's in her presence. He's a practised user, one capable of micro-dosing cocaine to keep a come-down at arms' length. Sherlock is confident that nothing in his demeanour has revealed what he gets up to in the hours she is not around. So, if she knows, then could it be that Magnussen has been passing on information?
If there is a challenge in his tone, Sherlock doesn't care. Joanna Pichler is not naive, and she'd want Sherlock to avoid unnecessary disappointments just as much as John would, but she isn't this sceptical. Sherlock is disappointed that John seems to have joined the ranks of all those people who want to tell him not to try things because he's "not good at" doing what is necessary. Does John only believe he can manage when supervised? That carries echoes of his family telling him not to do medicine, not to choose surgery, not to go beyond the limitations they have set for him in their minds.
Roehampton is not the fanciest university in London, but then again, John hadn't gone anywhere really fancy, either. His GCSE results were alright, but not good enough to have a snowball's chance in hell to get into an Oxbridge medical programme.
If he hadn’t passed both Moriarty and Moran on the way here, he would approach with more caution, but with their whereabouts known and Sherlock so very close, he throws it to the wind and drives as fast as he can, still taking care through to avoid the potholes that would bring a sudden end to the car’s petrol tank and his journey. Even though it’s midday, the darkness intensifies as he enters the tree line, the pines planted so close together that no light penetrates to the ground. Then they give way to a small concrete block hut at the base of the watchtower.
He had walked nearly two of the four miles to his bedsit when a lorry sped by, hit a puddle, and drenched him.
"You should be. Skiing consumes calories, especially the way you do it, so you need to consume some tonight if you want to be on top form tomorrow."
The line went dead and only a few minutes had passed before there was a single, brisk buzz on the bell. Mrs Hudson wasn’t in — John was certain that wasn’t coincidental either — so he’d stood and marched down the steps, only to be greeted by an empty stoop and a white package.
He snarks back, "Yes, well, tiny minds would have difficulties in grasping the significance. The curtain is rising; a performance is about to start and someone is interested in making sure we are paying attention."
"Fire away. I am not a clinician, but I know a lot of people who are, so if I can't answer, I will find someone who can."
You pick up the poetry book, desperate for something different, something new that doesn't reek of Sherlock.
To all of the readers who have been with me since the beginning or have joined me/us along the way, you know who you are and I love you all! Not a day goes by that I am not incredible grateful to be a part of this fandom and to share the love of these wonderful characters with you!
a way out that will spare your exposure. You could always just kill yourself; it would be a lot less effort,” he throws the comment back over his shoulder just as Sebastian calls out across the glade:
“No," Jim eases his movement, and begins to slide his finger in and almost all the way out before plunging it back in again. "You'd never cheat on me, would you Tiger.”
"Experience. Having had crap bosses. Hopefully learning over the years not to be a very crap boss myself."
"No, I didn't. It's alright, Sherlock, it was sorted. Chucked up a few times because of pain meds and they checked my BP hourly until it stuck to where it's supposed to be."
John reaches for the remaining pistol and feels Sherlock’s eyes boring into his hand, carefully studying the way he is handling the weapon. John tightens his fingers around the grip, the hardwood solid in his hand. He checks that the pistol is empty before taking a better look, running his eye over the barrel inside and out, looking for any cracks in the material. Staring down the bore he can see that it is smooth and clean—no major rust or pitting—remarkable condition really, for an item that’s more than one and a half centuries old. It’s got a heavy trigger pull so he makes a point of exaggerating the movement of his index finger. It wouldn’t do for Sherlock to be slower off the mark than Moriarty because he miscalculated the strength needed to pull it back.
A cocaine-fuelled rush would allow him to return to his Mind Palace tonight to work on the Georgian case. He's also picked up a couple of the newest bath salts, for tomorrow. The dealer tried to palm him off with their current street names, but there is no way he will trust something called Blue Silk or Purple Wave without a bit of testing at home. Synthetic cathinones come in too many varieties these days, and he needs accuracy when he's using stimulants. He has become a master of hiding drug analysis behind obscure experiments, not that it really matters anymore, now that John is no longer living in the flat.
"How convenient. Were you planning on just walking out of here and meeting me in the lobby? What about this mythical patient you were escorting here?"
Sebastian groans through his clenched teeth in agreement as he focuses on relaxing his wary muscles.
It’s a warning and with it, his cue to leave, but to where? The stables? The boathouse? God, where does he start?
Jim opens the recording app on the laptop and announces, "At the tone, the time was …four o'clock. And the skies fell; one after another. First the USA, then the UK, then France, then Italy. Forty minutes of total fucking chaos, and it's ALL M's fault." He takes the MP3 file, adds the recording of the ATC and starts typing an email addressed to the BBC, Washington Post and Le Monde news sites, then CNN and Sky.
"Moran," John growls, taking a deep breath. He walks away from the desk, pinching the bridge of his nose.
Stella is nodding. "I thought you might say that. What if you could have your cake and eat it, too? What if it were to be a split contract? You could work at King's as you do now — for three days a week. The other two could be here. According to the project manager, that's cost-effective, given it's a start-up situation and the aim is to recruit enough lower-tier employees that you wouldn't have to do the heavy lifting."
to believe that maybe the impossible has happened, that his being released is just the start of the bizarre plot unfolding, that the crumpled body with the bloodied face haunting him is not real, and that he will find out soon just how Sherlock managed to pull it off.
He rarely does. John wonders if he'd had a rare epiphany that what he had been about to say might sound insulting to John.
“Doctor Watson. Mister Holmes is unable to take your call at the moment. I understand that the police have released you without charge. Do you require further assistance?”
"I should be down to Siviez by three thirty, back at the chalet by four or shortly after; that's the advantage of starting early."
Sherlock doesn’t need to wait to see the man turn to face the camera, he’s already reaching into his pocket to send a message to his brother when the voice says, “Did you miss me?” As the message begins to repeat, he presses send on the text to his brother.
"Oh, Lordy." Janine rolls her eyes at his silence. "Come on; don't play the innocent with me. I do my research. All that stuff in the papers before you did your disappearing act? I know what I’m getting into here."
Mycroft knows he badly misjudged Moriarty's ability to seduce Moran and to play him onto his side of the chessboard. He'd also been wrong about Moran's loyalty; he'd thought a ‘sink’ estate boy would have been grateful to escape his miserable origins and take advantage of the mentorship. After all Mycroft had done for Moran, to lose him in this way was particularly galling.
was red in the face trying to be Scott, even as his body balked at saying the words. John doubted anyone else could see the interior war that was being waged.
If he'd thought it would bring relief, Sherlock is disappointed. If anything, the stench makes his stomach clench in disgust, He wiggles away from the wet patch, but not soon enough as his gorge rises and he adds vomit to the mess. For a moment, he is thrown back into the drug dens of his past. The smell of piss, vomit and sweat in the doss houses could only be deadened by the sweet relief promised by the contents of the needle.
," he told me that afternoon, visibly eager to wrench the skis off his boots when we had finished our descent back to the village and said farewell to our guide. "
decision, not yours. If you don't go, then you are throwing away the last thing he was able to do for you."
. Helen had the supportive role down pat, John thought, but she was also quite the domineering task-master when needed.
He thought of his red-haired stranger, sketching the worst that could happen. It hadn’t. Things still might not turn out as he wished, but if nothing else, it was clear he had neither alienated John nor exposed his own longing pointlessly. He put a hand on John’s neck, where he felt a pulse pounding, and the other in his hair.
For once, it is Mycroft who is pacing up and down in front of the evidence wall; Sherlock returns to his chair and stares at the apparition of his brother in an agitated state. Sherlock is alarmed but also slightly amused, and wonders if that is a bit not good. The three smiley faces on the customer satisfaction message seem to have been the final straw that broke Mycroft's
Bills have stopped coming to the flat. According to Mrs Hudson, they'd been re-directed to Mycroft and would be paid for as long as you want to stay in the flat. Even so, every day it is getting harder.
Macdonald leans forward, downs the rest of his glass of red wine, and marches out of the ballroom. This leaves only one object of attention for the spectators to the argument — Sherlock. Even patrons at surrounding tables have now noticed something is going on. The conversational buzz that had been heard around the head table has disappeared into shocked silence.
? Isn't that exactly what you're doing right now? You're practically accusing Sherlock of taking his own life, not asking whether he had any enemies who might have wanted him dead," John glares at Moriarty. "This isn't fair. He isn't here to defend himself, so if there is any justice at all left in the world, you will let me say my piece."
After Afghanistan, he would have made such a remark in a cutting tone, wanting to take Sherlock down a peg because of his own issues and professional jealousy. Now, he understands how Sherlock just cannot flip a switch in his brain and go from being intensely focused on a work project to wanting sex.
He's been having trouble falling asleep, staying asleep, because this isn't the bedroom that is used to sleeping in. The one downstairs… Sherlock’s bedroom.
Sherlock crumples up the agreement into a ball and throws it into the bin under the desk. If he takes pleasure at the fact that it went straight in, he doesn't rub it in. "To my surprise, you haven't been as difficult a person to live with as everyone else I have ever had to tolerate in the past. I have become accustomed to coping with your presence. Even to the point of valuing it, or, rather, you. That is an extraordinary compromise in my book. Completely unprecedented, in fact. I don't need to get you to sign a piece of paper to that effect. Do you?"
Taking this job would mean that John would no longer have to see it as his constant role to 'clean up Sherlock's messes'. While that might happen during his days at King's, John won't be there at GOSH. Isn't that what John has been hoping for — that Sherlock took full charge of how he communicated with people? Being more responsible for his own actions is something that Joanna has helped Sherlock understand. She had not promised him he would be successful, simply encouraged him to put his skills to the test. Even if they couldn't be guaranteed success, other people wouldn't reject such as offer, would they?
"I can't work with Sherlock without your support," Edgar tells him. "And I'm not certain I have it yet."
"Thank you, Mister Moriarty; that will be all. The inquest will adjourn for lunch. When we resume at two pm, we will hear the last witness to be called, Mister Mycroft Holmes.”
John is full out laughing now. "I won't touch it with a barge pole. Then you'll be the one who gets ill."
It all happens so quickly that I am not able to think, only to act on instinct. I stand up in my glide, plant my left pole and go off the track down the slope, using a straight line to milk every bit of speed out of the twenty-five-meter drop. Where the bank meets the snow lying on top of the ice, I turn diagonally, hoping that I can use my acquired speed to get to the far edge of the fall of snow.
I realise I'm an idiot — I have my phone with me, too. I prise open the placket on my Kjus jacket to extract it; John had made me upload the resort's ski patrol emergency app last night, and I thumb the phone on, waiting for what feels an eternity as the phone searches for a signal.
"I need things to do," explains Edgar. "I need things to organise, and people to interact with. Long meetings where I don't have the needs of an employer to consider and keep me busy, or slow tasks I have no control over such as group work completely drain my energy because I have to limit my input and moderate my behaviour. I work best when I can interact one-on-one with someone and do smaller tasks the schedules of which I can influence. If I'm not sufficiently occupied by work, my idle mind comes up with things that are no good at all. I am lucky in that Elvanse has worked very well since I was twenty-two; before that, it was Ritalin. Without my meds, things can disintegrate. Without enough stimulation, even with the medication, I sometimes feel like a rocket tearing–––
The gilded, mirrored lift to wherever it's headed seems to take forever. When Sebastian finally exits the private lift and enters what appears to be a rather grand suite boardroom.
"You fell asleep with your laptop open. I know you don't take unnecessary risks; that skiing guide who dug you out said the same. I am happy. Happy you're alive. Happy we're together. Happy New Year, Sherlock."
The menu is in a lit glass case on the wall. Sherlock takes his glasses out of his jacket pocket, arranges them meticulously on his features and starts to read. He can't have skimmed more than a few lines of it before he starts shaking his head. "No, no,
Still, Sherlock's annoyance is mitigated by the fact that what Edgar is offering is a source of nicotine that won't require him to deal with the horrors of a grocery store with his already taxed nerves. Plus, John won't nag if he takes the patch since it was his idea.
"I'll be back just before midnight to open our special bottle. So, stay decent." Mycroft disappears into his bedroom for a bit, probably to give us some time and space alone.
It took a moment to stop overthinking his answer, to let the words come. “As do I. You’re always welcome, you know. Both of you.”
Everything in the flat that had come with Sherlock has a similar story, but you'd never got around to finding out the backstory on a lot of things. They sit there, all those bits and pieces of his life, accusing you of just how much you had failed him.
“John? Are you all right? I’m sure the book was just a misunderstanding. Someone thought it had been binned by accident. I’ve got a patient waiting. I tried knocking, but you didn’t answer.”
"A virus you don't want to be spreading around or invading into your myocardium if you over-exert yourself."
Masha taps the remote and the music resumes. What follows leaves little to the imagination, as Sherlock and Defratis continue to dance in close hold.
"They've all seen me now, on the podium. And possibly heard too much of me. Best leave before I do any more damage."
you, and you think everything I say comes from being autistic, disobedient, or helpless. John doesn't think like that. He just
That ritual has always made him feel a bit uncomfortable, so he says, "In an environment where MRSA, C diff and norovirus could compromise patient health, I follow a clinical protocol to avoid handshakes."
He tries for a look of indifference but clearly his acting skills are not up to par at the moment as her eyes cloud in concern and she places a hand gently on his arm.
Sherlock snorts. "More like twilight, but otherwise, yes. I have challenged him to come out of hiding and confront me."
In the bedroom, no words are needed. Chastely, carefully, clothes are discarded. Sherlock helps John where it's needed; getting trousers on and off his stiff, sore leg will be a challenge for the next few days. John feels a strange pang of delight over how carefully Sherlock arranges his crutches to lean against a chair so that they'll be easily within reach when he gets up. Sherlock is tired to the point of pliancy as John arranges them into spooning under the duvet, his operated-on leg resting comfortably on top of a pillow.
"Broken heart syndrome. Sentiment-induced illness, Sherlock? Didn't think you'd put any stock in that."
just wouldn't work. I love him for all he is, because of who he is, because he's not like anyone else. Whatever blunders he's inadvertently made in our relationship, he has never,
There is a period of silence for a few seconds. How the hell was he supposed to summarise it? "I wanted him to tell me what was going on. Why he was keeping me in the dark about the case."
"Sherlock Holmes, you have marvellous hands. Where did you learn how to do this?" she murmurs, eyes closed, leaning back with what he decides is an expression of bliss.
"It’s a feeding frenzy! This is like throwing raw meat into a wolfpack," Jim sniggers. He gets up and starts pacing in front of the TV screen. As the commentators talk about the worst disaster in the history of air travel, Jim's grin widens.
When the water turns tepid, he gives up and gets out. Toweling himself dry, the scent of Sherlock's ridiculously expensive shampoo, the conditioner, the triple milled soap is still evident, and he holds it to his nose, dragging in some comfort there. John wonders when he will be able to do laundry, knowing that when he does, it will eliminate yet another piece of evidence of Sherlock. He feels like Sherlock is slipping away from him, a once-corporeal presence is dissolving, disappearing out of his reach. Even his dreams can't conjure up the warm physicality of the man.
This room lacks any real sense of history. He would be far more comfortable if he were sitting at a table in a House of Commons committee room or even in the more modern surroundings of Portcullis House. He's made a career of facing a row of politicians ostensibly charged with ‘getting to the bottom of things’ but in reality, just seeking a plausible story to placate their constituents. Mycroft is good at meeting those needs.
Mycroft raps the handle of his umbrella once on the large oak panelled door at the end of the hall and it opens inwards on the expansive library. He turns to the agent manning the door. “Leave us.”
Just as the others start off, I feel the vibration of my phone in my jacket chest pocket. We must be within the range of a mast. Given the dam below us, that makes sense.
He frowns and stuffs the phone back in his pocket again. When he looks back up again it’s to find Greg watching him and he flushes.
Heading down Sissons Lane, he ducks into a space on the right where the road bends off to the left. There's a wooden door between two buildings with a double row of aluminium spikes laid across the top to deter any incursion over. But why bother going to all that trouble when the standard lock is easy enough to pick?
“I didn't know,” Sally said, watching as Sherlock climbed out of the ambulance and crowded into John's space, glaring down at him. John looked back, unruffled, and clapped a hand on Sherlock's shoulder. They were clearly having an entire conversation, with not a single word spoken. She saw Sherlock nod, and John's lips twitch upward slightly. His hand slid down Sherlock's arm to tangle their fingers together, then, as one, they both looked over to the squad car where she and Lestrade sat.
No sooner has he shut the door behind him than Jim is in motion. Slamming Sebastian's shoulder back against the metal, he slashes the edge of the key down the side of Sebastian's face, opening a gash that runs from his temple to his cheek.
After re-reading the notes Sherlock had written about him while holed up in the safe house when he was ‘dead’, John realises that Sherlock's treatment of him was more honest and loving in its own warped way than he'd ever understood. He'd been so angry before that he couldn't see what he sees now. He's been sitting on his high horse long enough; if their positions had been reversed, if it had been him who had to take out Moriarty in whatever way he could to keep Sherlock alive, John knows he would have done it. He finally understands why Sherlock felt he needed to do what he did to try and save him. And whatever Sherlock wants, whether he can forgive John for abandoning him or not, John can't just turn his back on him; he loves him enough to want to save him, even if that means sacrificing himself. And he's not about to let Sherlock make that kind of decision this time, not again.
Sebastian realises that whatever has been going on in Jim's head while he'd been working on him, the fantasy doesn't involve him, but rather Mycroft Holmes. His own erection flags, and droops with disappointment as Jim steps away from him back into the flow of water to rinse off the last of the soap.
John looks away, back at the cardboard cartons on the kitchen table.  "Become a tad dependent on Edgar, have you? What happened to that wanting to do this on your own?"
When everyone knows the bad guy is, it's easy to pin any other evil deed on them. Misattributing the source of the malware was clearly an attempt by the Americans to flush out the real perpetrator. And their gamble had paid off. Moriarty, clearly irked by the attribution of his hard work to someone else couldn't resist pulling of another, larger scale hack. And it had paid off for Moriarty as well. Targeting the agent working on the case had enabled the Americans to draw Mycroft into the frame. ZeroCleare. The malware wiper used in the Eurofins hack was the same one used in this hack. The Americans insistence on Mycroft's involvement in this incident means they suspect Mycroft has a connection to whoever did the Eurofins attack. Which Sherlock knows he does.
John is surprised. Oftentimes, Sherlock is tapping away on his tablet while John focuses on navigating the traffic. It's only on their way home that they often talk about this and that, about their cases and their holiday plans and what to have for dinner…
"Of course," Edgar said hesitantly, and John hated that he didn't protest like he had grown to expect. Edgar had been clued into this being somehow as delicate as it was important, and John hated how discreet he was being.
For days, he’d been receiving texts from, assumedly, the same person, all signed with a single letter – M. The image of Moriarty, eyes wide in a grotesquely exaggerated manner as he stuck a revolver in his mouth and pulled the trigger, appeared before his eyes but he waved it away. With his thumb, Sherlock scrolled and reread the texts, checking for clues. Other than a propensity for correct grammar, spelling and punctuation, they were still frustratingly devoid of anything that could help him identify the sender.
"I know you. You start worrying and you work yourself into a tizzy and the thoughts start going around and around and you whip yourself up to some hair-pulling, self-deprecating panic because all the interpretations you have to work with are yours and they have an inbuilt contingency margin based assumption that most things are your fault and your failing. Am I getting warmer?"
The whump of some sort of explosive is caught on the video footage, loud enough to reach Sebastian's ears. A crazy paving of lines has snaked out from the wad, turning the whole pane of glass opaque—but it does not fall. Sebastian smirks again.
"If you hadn't slept through the alarm and the three times I tried to get Your Nibs to rise and shine and have something at home, we wouldn't have had to resort to that cafeteria crap. And, haven't we established that your risk for nausea is worse if you've fasted the entire day and night before?
Sherlock was watching him, as though waiting for the other shoe to drop. He cleared his throat and took a step back, bringing his hand up to flutter in front of his mouth briefly before dropping to his side.
Sherlock cracks an eye open to see that John is now staring most deliberately out the side window at the white caps cresting the inky black waves below. This isn’t Sherlock’s strong suit — reassurance — especially when every single fibre of his being is screaming at him to tuck himself away, to find a bolt hole in which to lick his wounds — but he knows that if they are going to make it through this, they are both going to have to dig a little deeper into themselves.
The salsa is the first Latin dance they've tried, and she's just made a complete hash of the routine.
When they get to bed, Sherlock falls asleep almost instantly, but John is restless with worry; it doesn't help that every time he turns over, his knee gives him a sharp twinge of pain. Since when had the two of them become such a pair of crocks?
his own death ... There must be a reason why he did it, why he felt he had to do it, why he thought he had no other choice. John reconsiders what happened on the rooftop at Barts, when Sherlock had left him after all those ugly words. But what if Sherlock had already decided to fake his own death, had already started the process? The presence of the EpiPen is possible proof of that. How long before that conversation would he have started? Was it the conversation with Moriarty in the morgue that convinced him to fake his death, or something else?
, below the dam!" I snap, then feel instantly embarrassed at re-routing my ire to a colleague who's done nothing to warrant it. "I mean his injuries,
Maybe Edgar's presence has been such a challenge because his role isn't just about Sherlock's professional life — it occasionally breaches the inner sanctum of their relationship, allows Edgar glimpses of the two of them outside of the images they deliberately project at work. John has always felt intimately privileged to be allowed to see all of the aspects of the real Sherlock: almost frighteningly emotionally bare when it comes to people he cares about, brittle in his confidence in himself when it's not about medical science; indulgent, wanton, clueless, adorable, funny, oddball and loyal and so expressively loving that it would put many other spouses to shame.
Yet, he doesn't rise from his chair. Feeling a burst of spontaneity brought on by his sudden bitterness, Sherlock downs the whisky, then lifts up the glass from the bottom to inspect the patterns cut into the crystal. He orders yet another.
Molly watched as Sherlock handed the file back to John without looking, then reached down to pull Rosie up into his arms, his posture shifting to accommodate her presence on his hip. She couldn’t help but smile at the expression on his face as he greeted her, asking if she’d enjoyed her trip to the zoo, thoroughly invested in her answer.
John seems to have written Sherlock off completely, and Sherlock's best shot at fixing it lies well outside of his usual toolbox.
specialism. You are not a psychiatrist, nor do you have the clinical expertise to conduct a self-diagnosis, even if such a thing were to be allowed, which it isn't. No one can trust themselves to be truly objective in these matters." Sherlock stiffens, draws a breath, and the pain of his rib causes him to bring his arms across his chest. He then glares at her. "Objective? Not a word I would ever connect to psychiatry. I have no need of your services, Doctor Fiedler."
Sebastian looks down at the lifeless eyes, taking his hand to close the lids. Then he bends over Jim's head to whisper something into the dead, unhearing ears. Brushing his lips against Jim's temple, he gently moves the body from his lap. When Sebastian stands, the last rays of the setting sun through the trees reveal the blood stains on his navy hoodie, the green down gilet and on his hands.
John just hopes the drugs provided some form of relief for Sherlock during his ordeal. He goes to push himself back up to standing when something else catches his eye — some type of markings on the bunker floor. Squatting back down, he pushes the mask and canister aside. There, staring back at him on the floor, are bloody scratches in the shape of a ‘V’ and a ‘C’. John knows exactly what it means.
He had researched far into the early hours of the morning, long after he had heard John's slow tread on the stairs heading up to his room.
injuries, and I will be leaving now." He turns to pick up the clear plastic bag that contains his wallet and phone.
Pitching their voices low they talked about everything and nothing, catching up, exchanging what men would call gossip if women were doing it. This was the kind of easy skimming they did well, skating deftly like water striders, never colliding, never breaking the surface. Sherlock tried to empty his mind and open his intuitive receptors, whatever those might be when they were at home.
… the slow-moving queue deposits me into a gondola. Precious few of the passengers with me in the car look like they are here for the same reason I am. While they are rubber-necking at the views, I occupy the time by deducing which ones are the real skiers. Without John to distract from his claustrophobia this time, I worm my way towards the door so that when we get to the station, I can make a quick getaway.
Getting the back door to 221 open is easy enough, but then he's presented with a bloody beaded curtain hung on the inside.
And then he's out, pushing through the traffic, just letting himself enjoy being back on the streets of London. Sherlock breathes it in, feeling every quiver of its beating heart.
Appealing to Sherlock's intellect does always seem to work best. John reminds himself that before they met, Sherlock did manage — admittedly, sometimes quite badly — without his help. He's a genius who can find solutions to work around his particular challenges, but John can make things easier for him. Sherlock would probably insist that it's just because of practical matters––
Sherlock had barely acknowledged me as I leaned in to kiss his cheek; he was frowning at something on his laptop screen. He's been working on some research article like a man possessed; a part of me suspects it's a distraction. He doesn't seek my attention or company, is irritable when someone asks after his health, and avoids physical contact. The two nights we've spent here at the chalet after his discharge have been restless. I don't know whether to give him time and space or gently try to coax him into talking to me. It's as though he's constructed a bubble around him, and he treats everyone else as a nuisance, as just ambient noise. To be honest, I'm looking forward to going home tomorrow. I'm not due back at the hospital until the third of January, which should give me time to get Sherlock's sick leave sorted. Lestrade isn't going to be pleased; I know Sherlock is supposed to be on call the weekend after we are due back, which means they'll have to get another surgeon to cover for it. I doubt there will be any volunteer takers.
She finds it reassuring that Sherlock seems intrigued by his new assistant and thus very willing to try to analyse him. "Have you considered whether it is his skills or his attitude towards his ADHD that gives you food for thought?"
“Oi,” Lestrade retorts before poking his head out of the tent and calling out to one of the officers who comes scurrying in, camera in hand. Lestrade jerks his head to Sherlock and the officer hands him the camera.
miraculous — true genius in the way that he managed to pull it all off, but John just can’t bring himself to summon the emotional distance to read the messages, let alone type up a new post.
"Okay," John replies, lip quirking up slightly as he watches Edgar slip through the front door and stride down the street towards the Baker Street station Tube entrance.
“Right on time,” Sherlock declares, bouncing to his feet. “Let yourself in, Lestrade,” he calls out. “We have much to discuss, and do take care, someone seems to have been a bit careless with the lamp in the hallway.” Sherlock looks pointedly in John’s direction and John swears that he feels a blood vessel burst.
The light sources are haloed, a ring of refraction around them that warns him of impending synaesthesia; already the taste in his mouth is purple, the sound of his hand stimming against the rough blanket is amplified enough to drown out the media voices. Somewhat alarmingly, the sensation tastes of a roast dinner, complete with gravy. His stomach growls in anticipation.
The case had been early on, only a couple of months after they started living at Baker Street. A Vatican cleric had been found hanged under London Bridge. When the media went berserk with conspiracy theories about financial misdeeds by the Holy See, Sherlock had found the truth was far more prosaic. Two cameos found in the dead man's pocket had been traced back to the Vatican. Before his elevation to the papacy, the Italian prelate had been papal nuncio in Bavaria and a convinced Germanophile. The cleric had stumbled on an exchange of letters that incriminated the pope; the cameos were a gift from Adolf Hitler. To protect the papacy's reputation, the cleric had destroyed the letters and tried to sell them on the black market but was killed by the fence who turned out to be an Italian Jew whose family had been murdered in the holocaust. From that point on, Vatican cameos had become a short-hand code for someone who was willing to die to protect another who was unworthy of being protected.
