His golden hair is lying flat against his forehead. It looks dull in the dim lighting and Sherlock can see it is dark with sweat.
“Be that as it may. I will not tolerate behavior like that on board my ship. Like any other disease, it has a tendency to spread. I am entrusting you, Lieutenant, to ensure that that situation does not arise. Have I made myself clear?”
Sherlock showed John the pattern in the graph that he was trying to identify.
Sherlock jerks his head stiffly. “There is nothing to forgive.”
He thinks about John, watching him, kneeling beside him as he touches himself, pupils blown wide with arousal, one hot palm on Sherlock’s belly, feeling the fever in Sherlock’s body as he strokes.
John sucked in his breath, overcome.
“John, be reasonable, what good could this possibly—”
Sherlock makes a choked sound then, and he bites down hard on his lip to quell the keening cry that’s building in the base of his throat as he imagines John’s fingers coming to wrap around his own, guiding his strokes, his palm caressing the sensitive head of Sherlock’s cock.
“Let me buy you a drink before I go. And something to eat.”
Had Knott been found dead the night of the party, the first assumption would have been not that he was poisoned, but that the man had drunk himself to death. The symptoms of the two ailments were, after all, largely identical. The ship’s surgeon might not have been able to tell the difference.
He almost slipped twice on the slick surface of the floor, but he managed to catch himself without falling, dropping to his knees in front of John, seemingly heedless of the blood soaking through the knees of his trousers, staining the hem of his beloved coat.
Sherlock leaned closer, his mouth just centimeters from John’s, until John could feel the heat from Sherlock’s mouth when he spoke. “You’re shivering.”
It’s only because John’s hand is still resting above Sherlock’s elbow that he feels the slight tension in his grip at her question.
Sherlock is still staring breathlessly at the note in his hand when Billy turns to go, but before he can leave, Sherlock regains enough of his wits to reach out and seize hold of Billy’s arm.
John was on the verge of excusing himself when a waiter appeared in front of them.
Something in him skips, and for a valuable second he’s stuck there, immobilized. No time for panic. There is no time. He refocuses.
Sherlock’s smile became a mock-pout. “Do you really find me so comical, John?”
John rubbed his own face over Sherlock’s, a laugh rising to the brink of his lips as his mind drifted over all that had transpired in the course of the morning. He managed to keep it in, but Sherlock must have felt the ripple of mirth move through his torso.
It is a light, affectionate gesture—so brief that anyone else would likely not have noticed it at all. But to Sherlock’s eyes, the moment seems like an eternity.
Sherlock nods.
He turns to see Matthews, Stapleton, and Ironsides Jake climbing up the steps—followed in close succession by the rest of John’s mess.
“John, will you…?” Sherlock looked hesitant. He licked his lips again, and this time John couldn’t help himself. He rose up on his elbows and sucked the plump expanse of Sherlock’s bottom lip in between his teeth.
It’s a sign of his own absorption in the task at hand that Sherlock could forget this simple, painful fact, and the realization causes him to briefly lose his focus. He pulls back to catch his breath, looking up at John as he does so to re-orient himself.
Delirious, John shakes his head.
“No, you wouldn’t, would you?”
Not stopping for a moment in his assessment he speaks to Sherlock in a low, urgent voice. “I need my medical kit. You’re going to have go and fetch it for me. It’s in the trunk stowed under my berth, down in the forecastle. Lieutenant,” John’s tone is somehow deferential and apologetic all at once. “Lieutenant, I need you to sit up for me if you can. I’m going to have to do something unpleasant.”
I can’t even tell you…” John shakes his head as if to clear it. “But…”
“John,” Sherlock leans forward to take John’s hands in his, his voice filled with urgency. “If the captain
John let his eyes travel up Sherlock’s torso and saw that his body was one long line of tension, his teeth bared as if in pain, the muscles in his neck standing out as he fought to keep himself from losing control.
With his eyes closed, Sherlock realizes he can hear the sound of waves against the shore.
The banker ignored Sherlock as he washed his hands. When he had finished Sherlock was beside him, handing him a towel with a gracious smile.
Sherlock leans back on his hands and watches him with lazy curiosity.
As Sherlock spoke, he kept his eyes locked on the other man’s gaze. “
His mouth grazed the tendon in John’s neck that stood out as he tried to pull away.
That bitterness is back in his voice, and Sherlock is certain then, that the decision to leave England was not Ferguson’s own.
“I know,” he whispers, ashamed of his misery.
“What?”
He doesn’t have to wait long, for Billy is swift, and it’s only a matter of minutes before he’s back on the upper deck, sliding to a halt in the pool of lantern light to give John the signal, one quick jerk of his nut-brown head.
Sherlock’s eyes flutter open.
He feels compelled to apologize.
if it wasn’t for me.”
He wanted to lick every inch of this man, wanted to pin him down and kiss him until he was crying and gasping with pleasure, wanted to bite and suck and taste each sweet dip and hollow of his long, lean, lovely body.
John reaches out to smooth the tangle of Sherlock’s curls back from his brow.
Sherlock grins up at him, warm and sleepy and content.
He looks spellbound as he takes in the sight of Sherlock standing naked before him. His eyes are full of wonder, his mouth partway open in an expression of awe. From the look on his face, you’d think he was looking at a god that just walked out of the sea, not skinny, sweaty Sherlock who’s desperately in need of a wash.
John’s fingers move up to tuck a curl behind Sherlock’s ear; he shivers at the gentleness in John’s touch, closing his eyes briefly.
Even that brief touch of John’s fingers against him is enough to make Sherlock cry out, knocking back against the door hard with his elbows.
He’s not only mortified by this discovery, he’s horrified to realize that the fears John voiced last night are not far at all from the truth.
“Looks like Mycroft left us a little thank you present. How unusually thoughtful.”
John stood still and looked at Sherlock. “We’ve got to stop them, Sherlock. We’ve got to do something about it.”
John reaches over to rub at his cheek and it takes every ounce of Sherlock’s self control to hold himself still, not to turn and push his face into John’s hand like an affectionate kitten.
Sherlock opens his mouth to protest that he never made any such promise but Lestrade interrupts him before he can respond.
He feels much the same now, the only difference being that he wishes he could be left alone to think about John.
John parted his thighs and Sherlock moved between them, dropping fully to his knees, his hands digging in under the waistband of John’s trousers with renewed force.
Sherlock nurses a broken heart, and something potentially more dangerous. John battles a storm at sea.
, Sherlock. Yes. God.”
“John—” Sherlock’s voice was strained. John heard the question at the end of it, and he turned in Sherlock’s arms, causing Sherlock to drop the sponge.
He makes it to the top of the stairs, and has to pause to catch his breath.
John watched Sherlock’s expression momentarily break, before hardening into a mask of stone. If he hadn’t been watching Sherlock’s face he would have missed it.
John realized too late that he’d just said ‘love’ to Sherlock Holmes, and expected at any second for Sherlock to pull away from him in horror.
The man’s eyes lowered deferentially to scan the invitation. “Thank you, sir. Right this way.”
Understanding rises in him, re-awakening his anger at Deverall’s interference.
The boy looks from the handkerchief, startled, up to Sherlock’s face.
He kicked out blindly, as hard as he could, and was rewarded with a shout.
The sight of him, the feel of his solid warmth against Sherlock’s side and the spool of lovely memories his presence brings, fills Sherlock with a spike of joy so fierce it feels like pain. A tiny sob of agonized relief escapes his mouth and Sherlock lifts a hand to muffle the sound, for fear that he will wake John.
“What?” John asked, feeling anxiety spike in his chest.
“Thank you,” John breathes, stooping with his shirt in his hands to drop a kiss to Sherlock’s cheek.
Sherlock pressed a kiss to the curve of his waist, his voice coaxing. “Tell me about it, John.”
Sherlock was flung back against the pillows, his hair a dark tangle around his head, one arm pushed up over his reddened face. His body was still shuddering through the aftermath of his orgasm, his breathing fast and irregular.
Normally, this sort of thing wouldn’t bother him. He’d seen his fair share of gruesome injuries and deaths, with Sherlock as well as in Afghanistan, but this time he found he couldn’t even look at the body. When he looked away, his eyes kept returning to the severed flanks of the hanging pigs, the white cross-sections of their exposed ribs. He felt nausea rising in him.
“You know…” Anderson drawls, his bored voice full of superiority. “If you pinched this from someone, I can have you whipped for theft. Do you know what they do to thieves at sea, Holmes? They bend you over a cannon and flog you senseless. God, what I wouldn’t give to see that. Your pretty little face all twisted up and covered with tear—”
Two more thrusts and John was done—gone, pushed over the edge into a glittering abyss where all was light and a wide white absence of sound, stretching on and on within him, long and deep filling him up, over and over again as his hips bucked up into Sherlock’s fist, the pleasure breaking open inside him, breaking him open, the light shining through him like cracks in a shattered window pane.
doesn’t make sense is why he would feel obliged to poison Lieutenant Lestrade halfway through the voyage.
With his other hand, Sherlock pushes the buttons apart on John’s trousers, somewhat clumsily, but successfully, and experiences a brief flare of confidence at his improvement in this area as he reaches to take John in his hand.
No, this is very different from the day Sherlock fell. That day, he hadn’t been sure what he’d seen, didn’t know if he could trust his eyes. Later, he’d convinced himself that it could have been a trick, Sherlock could have worked his way around it somehow, outsmarted John as he had done time and time again.
It’s easy when he can see John before him like this, his whole body laid out for Sherlock’s hungry gaze; easy to track the tiny signs of pleasure, the shifts in his reaction as Sherlock readjusts his speed, the angle of his fingers.
“Does the crew get a chance to leave the ship when we are in port?”
“Let me guess, Sherlock’s been a little slow on the uptake?” The mask leered closer. “Not picking up on your hints?”
“I hear we’re approaching our next port, that we may be arriving as early as next week. Has… anyone ever been to Rio de Janeiro?”
Sherlock wonders suddenly if John might be as nervous as he is.
Sherlock raises it to his nose, breathing in the wholesome scent of it.
“I’m a member of the crew. I have access to the kitchens on the days I cook. I finished the washing up early, and we had a bit extra so…” John shrugs, grinning. “I thought I’d bring you some. I know that if anyone on this ship would appreciate it at the moment, it’s you.”
Sherlock’s pleasure hits him with the force of a tidal wave.
Sherlock smells it before he sees it, so he knows what it is before John has even placed it in his hands.
Sherlock was silent for a moment as he inspected the hole where the heart had been.
How can an ear be so erotic? How can it produce such desire in Sherlock? He does not know, but he could spend all day kissing John’s ears, lavishing attention on the skin around them, and just underneath, at the base of his jaw.
All it takes is one sound from outside, one intrusion to shatter the illusion of their privacy.
He’s desperate for it; he cannot get enough.
It was too good to be true—having Sherlock stretched out naked and acquiescent underneath him on these ridiculously soft silk sheets. The morning sunlight was still cutting in through the windows of the suite, but the angle had changed in the hour or so since John had woken up and the bed was now awash in sunlight.
“You…you…”
Sherlock, suddenly treated to the warm approval in John’s voice, in his look, feels his cheeks blush hot with pride.
“I’ve got you,” he says, pressing a kiss to Sherlock’s hair. “I’ve got you.”
Sherlock wants very much to crawl under the punch table and die.
Now it seems to exist solely to torture him.
whose body he is entering, who’s taking him in inch by agonizing inch is enough to make Sherlock need to stop every few seconds and remind himself to breathe.
John is shaking his head. “No. Don’t play that game with me, Mycroft. Don’t start.”
“John!”
John seized Sherlock’s face in his hands, interrupting his own exclamation to lick his way into Sherlock’s mouth, his tongue pushing into the warm heat, desperate to taste him, to feel Sherlock against him.
John sat.
Blindly, John reached down to seize hold of Sherlock’s hand that was gripping the lube. He flicked the cap open in Sherlock’s hand, his mouth slipping messily over Sherlock’s, and squeezed the bottle—felt the slick cold gel come out to coat his fingers.
he’d just said. Why, why would he say that? It doesn’t make sense.
“Sherlock, wait—”
Sherlock can only nod in response, watching until John passes the staircase at the end of the corridor and continues past it until he reaches the door that leads to the other half of the deck.
“I know you’ve been quite desperate to have something to do on board this ship the whole voyage. I thought this might help… keep you out of trouble during your time on shore.”
The sun blazing down lends a celebratory air to the crowded deck. It’s remarkable how the world can transform so utterly in such a short span of time; instead of feeling oppressive as it did in the moments before the captain’s announcement, the sun now feels as though it’s joining in their festivities, as though it’s congratulating them all, lending a glittering, golden cast to the activities on the upper deck.
He leans his head back against the railing behind him and shuts his eyes, savoring the feeling of the sun on his face.
“Do you know?” John asks, voice shifting again, dropping to a lower register that makes Sherlock’s toes curl in his boots, as his fingers slide up to settle in Sherlock’s curls. “Do you know what kept me going these past few days? What saw me through all the mindless work, the tedium of those long hours—do you know, Sherlock?”
Sherlock laughs again, sniffling, his face pressed in against John’s chest.
He’s not sure exactly what he expected to find but after his first glance around the impeccably tidy, austere space, it strikes him that the character of the room matches the character of the man who resides there.
“Suit yourself. You’re entitled to the full measure of his disapproval when you show up again so soon. Me, I’m gonna keep looking.”
There is just the slightest emphasis in John’s pronunciation on the word ‘mount’ and Sherlock feels his cheeks flame red. He has to bite the inside of his cheek to keep from laughing.
John, singing to him, to bring his fever down.
with another person.
It isn’t so much falling as it’s the ground rushing up to meet him. He welcomes it this time, doesn’t fight it like so many times in the past, and he is reminded sharply of the way his legs gave out beneath him the day that Sherlock fell.
And then John was tearing his hand away, Sherlock’s face, alarmed, uncomprehending, watching John stand up so fast he knocked his chair over, calling after him as he ran from the room.
John glanced at the label—a
John was so enraged by the utter stupidity of this gesture that he almost missed what Sherlock said to Jones as John came up behind him.
“Mr. Holmes?”
He doesn’t think he could take it.
“Figure it out, Patterson, and figure it out quick. I don’t have time to waste on dribbling school children who don’t know one end of a slate from another. And get rid of that stammer before I have to beat it out of you.”
“On your marks, get set! GO!”
“I said,
For the second time since he’s known John, Sherlock takes a risk.
It’s much easier now that he has his hands against John’s skin; with the feeling of John’s warm body against his, he doesn’t need to
He doesn’t care if his stupid neighbor does think he’s mad; he cannot stand another moment of Mycroft’s judgment.
“Right, I’ll just—”
John could feel the press of Sherlock’s hip against his side under the covers, the curve of his arm against John’s, serpentine, elegant, the only visual evidence of his sleeping form the smudge of his dark hair against the pillow.
He thinks suddenly of Billy’s last words to him.
She shakes her head, and then glances up at Sherlock. Her eyes are troubled. “I’m fine. But I think—I think I shall also return to my rooms.”
He pushes his face into John’s neck, knowing that he doesn’t deserve the embrace, but wanting it so badly he doesn’t protest. He can feel his tears trickling down John’s neck.
John presses a kiss to the inside of one trembling knee, and Sherlock only just stops himself from making a completely embarrassing noise by biting his lip.
But the phone rang on with no answer.
“He took the damn thing to play some kind of trick on me! I
“I’m surprised you were willing to take a risk like that—that you would do that for all of us. That’s… Sherlock,” John says, suddenly reaching out, sensing perhaps that Sherlock is beginning to spiral away inside himself. “It’s a bit… not good that you were prepared to offer up another man’s life to do so but… the fact that you were willing to do that for me, for
“You were whimpering in your sleep.” He reaches up to smooth the hair back off Sherlock’s forehead. “What were you dreaming about?”
“You lovely wicked creature…” John’s hands are on his face again, thumbs stroking his cheeks, his forehead tipping in against Sherlock’s before he kisses him, and says, in a voice that makes Sherlock’s belly pool with sudden heat, “I’m going to devour you.”
Sherlock’s journey back through the mazelike corridors under the forecastle, and up the stairway to the main deck is mercifully uneventful, and he sets off at a run back across the outer decks, John’s medical bag tucked tightly under one arm.
It might be nothing now—but what if Deverall
Sherlock leaned back in his chair.
But just as Sherlock is about to give up entirely he hears the angry voice of a frustrated sailor from further down the deck.
His entry into the room is like a blast of fresh air.
Sherlock can scarcely hear Lestrade over the pounding of his own heart in his ears.
“I never loved the work of a farmer. It’s monotonous, brutal, unforgiving work. But on days like this, I would give anything to be back there. To feel the sun on my face, to hear the sound of the wind in the trees, to see it moving through the wheat.”
He was on the ground and the room was full of fire. He had never known pain like he was experiencing now, but worse than the feeling of his flesh sloughing off his bones was the deranged sound of Sherlock throwing himself against the other side of the door.
But what? What could he be doing that necessitated such a high level of secrecy?
Watching John rise to his feet, Sherlock can see that John looks stiff again, weariness returning to the line of his shoulders, the angle of his head, like some invisible weight, dragging him down.
Sherlock snorts, rolling his eyes. “Oh yes, you’re positively ancient.”
The trouble is Sherlock
Sherlock already knows the answer but he forces himself to ask it anyway before he loses the courage, although the words seem to stick in his throat.
John leaned back a little to consider, his breathing unsteady. “You’re right. Jesus.” He pressed back in with a groan, letting his tongue trace over the dramatic dip in Sherlock’s upper lip. “How could I have said that?
At the memory of it, John felt his throat tense up with panic, his fingers tightening to fists. They had been very lucky that the paramedics had been so quick to respond. If they had come any later…
He punched in Sherlock’s number and held the phone to his ear as he shoved his way past a woman in a turquoise gown, knocking her drink clean out of her hand.
Also, I am very pleased to be posting this on the longest day of the year! Happy Summer Solstice, my darling sea anemones!
He cannot go back. He cannot bear it.
“You’re so gorgeous when you’re like this, do you know that?” John breathes into Sherlock’s mouth, the movement of his hand slowing momentarily as he pushes his mouth closer against Sherlock’s. “The way you feel in my hand…”
. The words beat against the inside of his skull, and he tries, and tries to absolutely no avail.
Sherlock was quiet for several minutes before he answered, pushing the sponge in lovely, firm circles over the expanse of John’s back.
“I’m just going to go and make sure everything is as it should be. Will you wait here for me? I’ll only be a minute.”
Sherlock tipped his face down to press an unsteady kiss to John’s temple, then another to his brow bone, to the tip of his nose, the curve of his cheek, murmuring in between each one, “John… John…” his voice beseeching, as if he were asking him something, needed something that John wasn’t giving him.
“You sure you want to drink this now?”
John nods, wordlessly.
“That’s wonderful news, Billy,” Sherlock says, crouching down so he can talk to Billy in a low voice. “Listen, I’ve got another favor to ask you.”
He falls into the chair beside his desk, pushes his shaking fingers through his hair, and tries to staunch the tide of panicked grief and rage pounding through him so that he can
The hand in John’s hair tightened, and John heard Sherlock make a soft, little choking sound, and then he was arching up into John’s hand, tipping his head back, extending the length of his throat as he came, spurting into the water between them, his cock pulsing under John’s fingers.
John suddenly felt much more confident about his appearance.
“I dreamed they found us.”
“I let him get to me. Stupid, stupid mistake. I gave him exactly what he wanted.”
But John’s hands appear beside his own to help, and the feel of John’s calloused palms closing over the backs of his hands to guide him only makes Sherlock’s hands tremble harder with arousal.
Molly squeezes his hand once, briefly. “I did enjoy our walk, you know. And I won’t tell anyone about you and John. Your secret is safe with me. Take care. I’ll see you later.”
“All right all right I have a request,” John stammers, sounding drunk. “Keep doing what you’re doing but give me—” John shifts his hips, pushing them into Sherlock’s hand. “Give me more force. I can’t—I can’t take much more of this.”
Sherlock is opening his mouth to reply when the words are swept clean out of his mind by the feeling of John’s mouth sucking a love bite into the soft skin of his jaw, his gasp of delighted surprise transforming rapidly to a moan as John’s tongue slides warm and wet over the bruised skin.
Warnings this chapter for a crime scene of an extremely graphic and disturbing nature, including implications of past-torture/mutilation. There is also brief mention of sexual assault/rape.
Speech is now completely beyond Sherlock; he can only hum his agreement, his neck bending further under the weight of his deliciously heavy head.
“Excuse me, Lieutenant.”
He looks like a man who has suffered through an ordeal, and yet somehow, miraculously, in spite of all odds, has come through the other side to remain standing. His weariness is evident in his face, and yet underneath the exhaustion Sherlock can detect a look of grim resolution.
, in a matter of hours.
Everything around him looks different—the little lights skipping in under his door from the lanterns outside, the crisp lines in his jacket as he lays it out upon the bed, even the goose bumps on his skin from the cold water make him aware of how much it’s possible to
“Sherlock, there’s something—”
The amount of relief in Deverall’s face would be comical to Sherlock if he weren’t so preoccupied with a potent mixture of rage and terror as Anderson shoves his way forward into the room.
Sherlock knows less about Ferguson than he knows about Knott (which is also frustratingly little). From what Sherlock has observed of him, George Ferguson is middle-aged, and middle-class, with no real distinguishing traits or features. Indeed, he seems to be one of those men who is severely middling in all pursuits he undertakes. He has a restless, almost ceaseless nervous energy about him. Sherlock has often seen him pacing the deck alone in the evenings, the brim of his hat tipped low over his eyes.
“You as well, Holmes. He wants to speak with the pair of you.”
Sherlock goes with sudden purpose towards his desk. He lights the candle without ceremony and then seating himself in the narrow chair, he pulls out the leather-bound book that Mycroft gave him before the voyage, and begins to make a list.
He heard the rasp of Sherlock’s breathing, felt the pliancy of his body as he let John direct him, and once again was struck by the marvel of this soft, vulnerable Sherlock, willing to be led, to be maneuvered by John.
Now that Sherlock is fully concentrating and is able to read John’s body for clues of his movement, his precision improves exponentially. He can almost always predict where John’s blows will come from even if he can’t always block them.
He feels hot, too hot—he pushes the sheet off of himself, shifts his legs.
John is already close, which means he doesn’t have much time to work with. He will have to make every second count.
The sea is calm and flat today so the movement of the ship is minimal but even so, to see a man walk with such perfect ease on such a slender piece of wood with no trouble, all the way out to the edge of the ship’s vast girth, as though he means to keep right on going out into the sky—it takes Sherlock’s breath away. How John keeps his balance is impossible to understand.
Lestrade jabs an accusing finger at him. “This had better not be what I think it is, because I wouldn’t like to think you’re going back on your word.”
Sherlock feels a complicated tangle of emotions in response to John’s words—pride that he knew what was best for John, satisfaction that it worked, but also, shame—that he put them both at risk the way he did.
John does it again, the strong muscles in his stomach and thighs making it easy for him to push his hips into Sherlock’s even from beneath him.
, Deverall—that’s it.”
He feels as if all of his internal organs have suddenly been removed from his body—he doesn’t know where they are, or how to get them back—but his voice seems to be one of the things that’s left him.
Sherlock licks his lips and looks down at the little bottle lying innocently on his pillow.
Luckily, John is attentive to these sorts of details.
“Sir?”
“I know.” John kisses him again, as if in apology, and then murmurs. “Lift your hips for me, love. Just a bit. I’m going to make you feel so good I promise. That’s it.”
“You did it—you mad, fucking bastard—” He’s shaking Sherlock by the shoulders, half-laughing, shaking his head in disbelief. “I’m afraid to ask how, but you did it. You did it, you brilliant beautiful thing.”
“Did you sleep at all last night?”
The first time he notices it is in a dream.
John’s body throbbing against his cock, the pressure of his heels on either side of Sherlock’s spine—but he can’t stop, and he’s too far gone—it’s been too much, for too long, and before he can even think to stop himself, he realizes he’s coming, his body tensing over John, the first wave of his pleasure tearing through him with such force that he thinks he might be crying out, he cannot tell over the roaring in his ears.
John sobers. “It was that midshipman, wasn’t it? The one that’s always giving you trouble.”
Sherlock feels a prickle of dread creep down the back of his neck at the Lieutenant’s words. He cannot help but think of the captain’s gaze on him earlier up on deck.
Sherlock nods again. “That’s right.”
The man playing it should have looked as ordinary as the filthy streets around him, and to this day, Sherlock isn’t sure if the man himself was strikingly handsome, or if it had simply been the sound of the music he was making that shone upon him like light reflecting off of water, making everything he did look somehow holy.
He will never forgive himself if this boat leaves for shore without him.
Of course,
Almost as soon as he reaches his bunk, Sherlock feels the urge to be sick and lunges for his bucket, heaving up the contents of his stomach until he is gasping for breath.
Sally laughs, the sound of it light and musical.
He feels his cheeks flush warm, partly from embarrassment, but partly with pleasure. John’s gaze on his own is intent; the hard, bright look in his eyes growing brighter the longer he looks at Sherlock.
Thanks once again to the lovely Study in Purple for her beta-ing skills! Her responses to my manic desires to suddenly send chapters out into the world deserve endless praise. Also, her commentary to John and Sherlock in the margins of the story are a delight to witness. :)
In fact, looking around, Sherlock sees that half the
John has left his side briefly to help his crewmates haul the longboat in up the beach and Sherlock feels pathetically unmoored without him.
“I think,” John says, licking his lips, and pressing his forehead in against Sherlock’s. “We’d better find someplace a bit more private if we want to continue… kissing.”
“You’ve got to go talk to him. The two of you never spoke after my death. You’ve got to tell him, Molly. You’ve got to convince him it was my body. Tell him finally, conclusively that I’m dead.”
“Nonsense.”
—against the seam of his lips.
They made it up the stairs and through the living room, but in the doorway of Sherlock’s room, he started dragging again. Sherlock’s knees were buckling, his long legs folding beneath him. John had to pull him in toward his chest, sliding his hands under Sherlock’s shoulder blades to keep him upright.
"You want me. You've wanted me for weeks now and you've never said anything about it, never
John leaned into him, fingers bunched white-knuckled in the material of Sherlock’s jacket.
“John,” he gasps, unable to say anything else, tipping his head up to be kissed.
Hearing the warm timber of approval in John’s voice makes the last shred of Sherlock’s self-consciousness about his desires evaporate in a shimmer of heat. He feels longing pour through him.
“John said I would find you here.”
“When they carried him off the ship the next day, I was certain it was the last the time I’d ever see John Watson—at least in this world.”
He pulled his mouth away from Sherlock’s, his lips stumbling over his name, suddenly desperate to try and communicate what this meant to him. “Sher—Sherlock…”
They were searching for water, Sherlock thinks, and in that instant it occurs to him just how thirsty he actually is.
He cannot escape the awful, creeping knowledge that as a subject of the British crown, and worse yet, a member of the ruling class he is complicit in this man’s suffering.
“I’m certain the dose wasn’t intended to be lethal, but I’m also certain that Lieutenant Lestrade was given far more than was intended. What we see here is the work of an amateur poisoner. If you hadn’t come and found me when you did…”
“It won’t be much longer now. I can feel it. This is the end.”
His expression changes at the look on Sherlock’s face. “What is it?”
Sherlock listened and John could feel the full weight of Sherlock’s regard. He found himself warming in the presence of the rare joy that came from holding Sherlock’s attention so completely.
“Sherlock,” he breathed, needy, desperate, his fingers sliding down the slick heat of Sherlock’s cock, lips against Sherlock’s forehead, his body bending in toward Sherlock’s like a bow. “
Guilt rises up in Sherlock like bile at the memory of how they’d parted ways. He will make it up to her somehow. He has to.
The sun is shining with full force up on deck. It is now glaringly evident that they are moving through tropical climates, Sherlock thinks, as he reaches to wipe the freshly accumulated sweat off his brow. He has only been above deck for several moments and already he is regretting his decision to wear his coat.
Sherlock stands on the prow of the ship that night, looking down at the sea, wishing he could plunge back into its depths, dash his heart to pieces in his breast so he never has to experience pain like this again, and then, Sherlock sees his brothers, their green heads breaking the surface of the water like seals, the hands of his eldest brother outstretched, offering him a knife.
Sherlock takes John’s advice to heart, tightening the circle of his fingers to increase the friction as he strokes, and to his amazement he sees the immediate effect it has on John, as his hips thrust upward, his eyes flying open with a low groan.
Hopkins vanishes for several moments, closing the door behind him with a resounding snap.
Sherlock is only too happy to oblige.
His last-minute decision to give Sherlock what he asked for was clearly an attempt to demonstrate that he can do whatever he wants, at any point in time; it’s a blatant reminder to Sherlock that the man’s power on board the ship is absolute.
The first mate on a ship as large as this always has his rooms in connection with the captain’s cabin, so thankfully it is easy for Sherlock to find his way to the somewhat modest berth beside the captain’s more stately quarters where Lieutenant Lestrade sleeps.
“J—John?”
“If you think I’m going to tell you anything, then you’re far stupider than you pretend to be.”
No one speaks to him and for that Sherlock is savagely grateful. He can hardly bear the sight of other humans today, much less stand to interact with any of them.
“My god…” John’s voice is a low exhalation of disbelief. There is a note of wonder in it, but also—something very close to pain. “My god, I’ve missed you.”
“I mean that was… incredible, but I don’t know how often I could…” John shook his head, reaching up a hand to smooth Sherlock’s sweaty curls off his forehead. Sherlock made a happy, purring sound and snuggled in closer against him. “I almost blacked out.”
A crack in the ceiling of his cabin is wide enough to let in a single beam of silvery light. Sherlock has observed that it is brightest in late afternoons. If he holds his hand just right, he can catch it on his fingers.
John kisses him then, his tongue pushing into Sherlock’s mouth and sucking lightly, causing a whine to erupt in the depths of Sherlock’s throat as John’s hips finally begin to thrust at a speed that satisfies the clawing yearning deep in his belly.
They’re just on the other side of the main mast and Sherlock stops them before they reach the place on deck where the sailors are gathered at the front of the ship. He glances around to see if anyone is within earshot and then stoops down to face Billy, satisfied when he determines that no one around is paying them any attention.
“Just one more.”
Sherlock’s huff of disapproval was all John got in answer, but as Sherlock nudged his thigh closer between John’s and settled in against him, his free hand coming to tangle once again with John’s fingers, that was all the answer John needed.
"Well, it's just that..." John looks hesitant to confess the nature of his doubts.
Sunset is still an hour away at least, Sherlock realizes in a burst of agony. There must be
Sherlock says nothing, feels once again like a petulant child, embarrassed by the force of his emotion, unable to stop it.
“Come on, John!” he called as he vanished into the other room. “We don’t want to be late.”
John sits up straighter, his attention rapt. “What did it say?”
“John, please.”
John forced his throat to relax so he could take Sherlock deeper, his nails biting marks into the flesh of Sherlock’s arse as he guided his thrusts.
John smiles fondly at him every day, even lets Sherlock sleep at the foot of his bed, sometimes slides one hand through Sherlock’s silken curls and strokes them back from his forehead, his blue eyes full of a faraway look and Sherlock thinks (hopes) that sometimes in those moments, John may love him, but then John draws away, and Sherlock cannot be sure, cannot be sure what he thinks he saw.
The specter of the unheard music hovers in the air around him like a ghost.
Stevens is the last to do so, as if uncertain he’s willing to stick around for another game, but after a beat, he leans in to scoop up his hand. As he does so, his face, which before was bathed in shadow, is momentarily illuminated by the glow of the lantern, and Sherlock notices for the first time the vivid bruise darkening the left side of his face.
Sherlock’s face was half-shrouded in shadow but John could see clearly the same open, vulnerable look he had seen earlier, underscored with something close to panic.
Sherlock wonders what it must be like to actually miss your family. He thinks of Mycroft and his stomach twists. Then he thinks of the little unmarked mound of earth beneath the apple tree at the edge of the woods on the Holmes estate, and feels a wave of sorrow so intense it’s as though no time has passed at all, as though he’s back on that horrible day, standing by that mound of earth, hands torn apart from digging, Mycroft standing at his shoulder, telling him in a toneless voice, “It’s time to go home now, Sherlock,” and how he had turned to Mycroft, voice raw from crying and rasped, “That’s not my home. Redbeard was my home and now he’s dead.”
Too embarrassed to respond, he stares out over the horizon.
He could hear the water running in the bathroom from across the vast expanse of the palatial bedroom. When he opened his eyes, he could make out just a sliver of golden light from where Sherlock had left the door slightly ajar.
It’s Molly’s gentle voice that breaks him from his trance-like state.
“When I told you that you were a god from the depths of the sea. No other being could possibly have the ability to make me feel as good as you just did.”
“John, listen—”
Sherlock sees the lieutenant’s eyes linger on where Miss Hooper stands beside her aunt, watches Graves lean in to murmur something in Lestrade’s ear and notices that it takes the other man a moment to react. Not for the first time, he sees a flicker of something deeply familiar in the lieutenant’s gaze and feels a corresponding pang of sympathy in his breast. As difficult as it is for he and John to find time alone together, he imagines that for the lieutenant and Miss Hooper is must be nearly impossible.
His face is vibrant with joy.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s eyes are shockingly blue in the semi-darkness just inside the doorway; they seem to have taken on the color of the sea behind him.
Sherlock bites his lip with intention before raising his eyes again to John.
But as he stripped off his filthy clothes and stepped under the icy spray of the water (which he’d kept deliberately cold), he couldn’t stop himself remembering the feel of Sherlock’s lips on his throat, his fingers, those long beautiful fingers stroking the length of John’s cock through his trousers, the sound he’d made when John had melted down against him. For one brief moment, he let himself imagine that it had all been real, that Sherlock had wanted it as badly as he had, that the sound of longing Sherlock had made as he pulled John against him was genuine—the eager press of his tongue into John’s mouth because he needed to know that John felt the same way he did.
“Yes, yes, yes, you’re right. It’s time, isn’t it?” John says with pity in his voice, but his thumb is still moving so lightly, so delicately over the outline of Sherlock’s cock. “You’ve been so patient and good.”
. He could tell. He could tell in an instant how much I cared.”
“What’s wrong?”
If so, Sherlock vows to convey his gratitude as soon as he is well again.
enough to inspire a smile of his own in return.
He’s heard about this happening, of course, to those who have been at sea for many months. The affliction is supposedly temporary—but watching John now, laughing in the spray from the waves as he and his crewmates drag the longboat up the sand, none of them appear to be affected by the transition at all, and Sherlock feels a flicker of frustration at his own comparative weakness.
The tears are pouring down his cheeks now, soaking Sherlock’s shirt, and Sherlock bends down and kisses John’s cheek.
He stepped back and attached the cap of the marker. He lifted an item from the table and held it up between them.
Sherlock does not catch Anderson’s reply.
She stopped in the doorway, her expression darkening when she caught sight of Sherlock. “Where do you think you’re going, Freak?”
“I’m sorry. I wish I hadn’t spent our time together sleeping but I—”
He strode over to the door with the intention of shutting it to keep the steam in, but as his hand closed on the handle, it occurred to him that he should probably say something before he did.
Chuckling softly, John pressed a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s hair. Then reaching down in the chaos of the rumpled bed, he dragged the sheet up over them.
His fingers trail over Sherlock’s cheek with such reverence, it’s as though he is touching some infinitely precious material… like porcelain, like ivory… like crystal.
Now that the door is open, he can clearly hear the sounds of Colonel Jackson’s voice loudly singing ‘What do you do with a drunken sailor?’
“Alright Ironsides, give him some air.”
And yet, Sherlock is certain that whatever battle just took place inside that room, he definitively lost.
“I want you to stay because I… I was wondering if you might… help me… wash my hair.”
Sherlock’s cheeks are burning with heat at the compliment as he considers John’s meaning; Sherlock isn’t exactly sure of all the details of this act but he can imagine, and what he’s imagining is making the ache at the center of himself grow steadily worse, it’s making his erection thicken and pulse between his legs as he thinks about what is going to pass between them.
Sherlock notes with interest Deverall’s sudden movement in response to the man’s words as if he’s about to tell him to stop talking. But he’s interrupted anyway by the sound of running footsteps.
John pushed the hair off of his forehead, felt Sherlock cling tighter to him like an angry kitten. “You have, love. You did.”
Sherlock hesitated for just a moment inside the front hall, clearly uncertain whether John could manage both flights of stairs on his own.
“But… he was different after. He was quieter, more withdrawn. He seemed to have lost that light-hearted boyishness, the conviction that he was invincible. There was a darkness in him that wasn’t there before.
“Sh—should I…?” Sherlock is seized with sudden self-consciousness. His voice shrinks until it is barely more than a whisper. “How should I do it?”
There is a pressure in Sherlock’s chest like a dam that’s going to burst.
He ignores the sting this thought sends through him.
There is so much about John’s body that Sherlock still does not know, so many ways he still wants to experience it, and he feels a ghost of his earlier panic drift through him that their time together here is so limited.
He places it on his tongue and savors the complex bouquet of flavors for a moment before biting down. The taste is bright and sweet, reminiscent of an orange but slightly milder. He’s overwhelmed at first by the pure pleasure of the burst of sweet juice, and then he looks at John, his eyes wide.
There was far too much food.
Burns studies Sherlock briefly, as if to determine how much Sherlock knows.
People begin to move in a wide detour around him. John considers for a moment how he must look, standing drenched and desperate in the middle of the rainy sidewalk, no umbrella, his furious face streaked with rain.
What an idiot he is.
“But…” The confusion is clear in John’s voice. Sherlock can almost hear the gears turning over in John’s brain as he struggles to make sense of what Sherlock is telling him. “You mean, you told him—”
Sherlock’s eyes find John, straddling the foretopsail yard like some lazy god, leaning back with a grin on his face as Patterson punches his arm with good humor.
—blood hot and hard because of him, his body pushing into Sherlock’s at this most intimate place, is so filthy-sweet that Sherlock cannot make a sound at all; his voice is stolen from him.
“God, it’s…” His own voice was lost in a groan as Sherlock’s mouth returned to the head of his cock and then paused, teasingly.
“You gorgeous, impossible creature.”
Sherlock was so close; he was
But when he opens the door it is onto an empty corridor.
He makes his way stiffly to the upper decks, holding tight to the railing, trying not to wince as each step jars his sore shoulders.
“Moriarty thought you would play the game to the finish but you didn’t, did you? You came back. You came back for me, because you’re not like that. You’re not like him. He doesn’t know you, Sherlock. He thinks the two of you are the same, but you’re not. You’re different.” Angry tears were burning in the corner of John’s eyes. He blinked them away, felt his rage catch fire, and he clung harder to Sherlock’s shoulders, insistent. “Remember what you said to me? He underestimated us. He thinks we’re each only capable of thinking or feeling, but he’s
Sherlock is taken aback by the gravity in her tone. She seems to speak with the voice of someone much older. Looking at Molly sitting in his desk chair now, she hardly seems to take up any space at all, and it strikes him how frail she looks, how weary of the world. She could be sixty-five instead of her twenty-three years.
His relationship to food recently has been even more distant—seeing as the food on the ship has only diminished steadily in quality from the day they left Portsmouth.
“Just so you know,” John yelled over the roar of the flames. “This is by far the maddest thing we’ve ever done.”
The water is cold; the shock of its impact is enough to jolt his body back to consciousness.
“John.” Sherlock loomed over him, as if overwhelmed with the desire to touch him but too frightened to do so. “John…”
John lifted himself up on his toes to reach Sherlock’s ear; he could hear the urgency in his own voice. “Let’s go back to Baker Street where we can do this properly.”
“It was he who helped you the night that you were taken ill.”
“What you just did…that was…”
“I work for a firm in London—formerly Denniston, Harris, and Cooper; now, Denniston, Harris, and Ferguson; I’m a new partner.”
Sherlock made a muffled noise of approval and lowered his other knee to the mattress so that he was leaning into John on his hands and knees. John tangled his fingers in Sherlock’s damp curls to pull his mouth still closer, tongue sliding over Sherlock’s in a slow, deliberate rhythm.
John’s expression shifts fractionally again. His hand is still on Sherlock’s knee, warm and solid. His fingers slide slightly, his thumb grazing the inside of Sherlock’s thigh. There is sorrow in his eyes. “And that makes you sad?”
Maybe it’s for the best that he takes a break from playing—he’s so full up with emotions—so many of them, so intense—he isn’t sure he could manage any more than this.
John felt Sherlock’s body stiffen under his hands and he held himself still in turn, heard his own breath catch as he waited for Sherlock to respond, fingers still holding tight to Sherlock’s arm as though it was the only thing tethering him in place in a world too vast to comprehend.
“Oh yes,” John breathes as Sherlock’s mouth slides up over the heel of his hand, pausing to press a kiss to the fragile skin on the inside of his wrist, his tongue coming out to taste John’s fluttering pulse. “It was better—much better.”
“It’s something that happened with Moriarty, isn’t it?” Sherlock’s voice was uncharacteristically soft.
He pulls his fingers out of John’s grasp as though scalded.
“Lestrade,” Sherlock said, glancing at the screen. He stepped nimbly back around John without lifting his eyes from the phone. He was lowering himself to sit on the coffee table when he sprang back up with a shout. “YES!”
He’s so lost in his own worried thoughts that he doesn’t realize his gaze has dropped to the floor until he feels the touch of John’s fingers on his cheek, stroking so lightly, drawing his gaze back up to John’s.
Sherlock catches John by the arm before the others see them, watching Deverall climb to his feet.
Half the men in the boat let out a wild cheer at the sight of John, and then Sherlock sees John’s grinning face glance down at them once as he climbs over the side, before he turns to descend the ladder.
“I’ll do what I can,” Sherlock says, fighting the smile provoked by Matthew’s hopeful words.
Sherlock can only shake his head between John’s gentle fingers; his voice has long since left him.
It’s as if a wave has pulled him under. All Sherlock can hear for several long seconds is the roar of his own heartbeat in his ears.
Luckily there’s so much chaos right now up on deck, no one pays any mind at all to Billy and the slouching midshipman as they make their way through the crowd to the ladder leading down to the waiting longboat.
Sherlock smiled innocently back at John. “I merely asked them to put us in the room that Mycroft usually occupies during his stay.”
John’s face is full of worry, but it’s clear almost immediately that the worry is all for him—there’s not a trace of the horror Sherlock imagined, the look of wounded betrayal.
He’s tired of the flat grey line of the horizon—never changing, the relentless pitch and heave of the ship, the creak of the hull, the groan of the rigging above him, even the dull glitter of the sun on cloudless days feels harsh and monotonous—seems to grate on him.
From across the table, Burns snorts. “I’ve never heard you utter a complaint in your life. Don’t think you’d know how if you wanted to.”
Now that the musicians have stopped playing, the sound in the room is rising again as people fall into conversation, shouting and laughing, some making their way back towards the main room of the tavern to refill their pints.
Miss Hooper shakes her head. “No, it wasn’t Jameson. I’ve never seen him before but some of the officers seemed to recognize him.”
It’s true that the different sections of the ship, briefly mingling during the musical performance, have now gone back to their self-segregating natural order, with a few exceptions. Sherlock sees Charles Bailey, the young passenger who’s about Sherlock’s age who has the unfortunate habit of always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, sitting and drinking with Colonel Jackson and the others. The boy looks like he’s already had far too much to drink.
Shutting his eyes, he pressed his forehead to the cool glass of the window, not caring if he got blood on the glass.
as soon as it came because we never paid the last two bills?”
Sherlock remembered the gentleness of his gnarled fingers as he rubbed the salve into the stinging welts, the sorrow in his eyes as Sherlock fought to keep his chin from trembling, and his quiet admonition, ‘There, there now. Crying over it won’t help now, will it?’
John tried to step around Sherlock once more and Sherlock blocked him again.
He pulled his hands from Sherlock’s hair to push Sherlock’s blazer from his shoulders. There was altogether too much clothing between them for John’s liking. He ran his hands over the planes of Sherlock’s chest, and was rewarded with a gasp as his fingers brushed Sherlock’s nipples. Sherlock fell back on his heels, pulling John with him.
“It’s so much softer than it looks,” John answers, lips sliding over Sherlock’s ear, tongue coming out to trace the whorl at the center, fingers fisting in the curls and pulling.
He’s come closer and closer to John as he talks, tightening the circle of his footsteps like a noose, until he stops directly behind John.
And it made John very worried indeed.
John took Sherlock by the hand and tugged him in the direction of 221B.
He had the lube in one hand, the bottle of champagne in the other, and he paused, kneeling by John’s feet to take a long swig from the bottle, before crawling the rest of the way up John’s body, and kissing him as he pushed the bottle into John’s hand.
“Mr. Holmes?”
He presses a kiss to Sherlock’s curls and Sherlock feels an ache move through him at the realization that it’s John comforting him once more, when it should be the other way around.
“Here.” Sherlock reached out to pull John’s trousers back up while John hung on to Sherlock’s arms. “Let me.”
He works his way through every address on the list but they’re all dead ends—the spiders long since left their nests. He starts out taking cabs from place to place but the last few are in neighborhoods only accessible on foot, dark warrens of filthy streets that seem untouched by time.
Thinking of John again, Sherlock lifts his mug to his mouth, still struggling to understand why John would leave him like that, wishing very badly now that they had made it to the aft hatch before that hateful man had caught up with them.
John looks at Sherlock, and then seems to make up his mind. “I’ll go and ask him.”
If they were lucky, the incident they were heading toward now was just another attempt to frighten them without doing any real harm. Because that was always the essential piece of Moriarty’s game—it was the psychological aspect of terrorism that thrilled him, breaking people from the inside out. He wouldn’t simply cause physical harm, oh no, it was so much more satisfying to him if he could destroy people’s bonds with one another, break down their perceptions of the world, unravel everything they held dear.
With a frantic pin wheeling motion, Sherlock whirled out of John’s grip and ran around behind the couch. “You can’t make me leave.”
consider how Sherlock’s mouth would taste, or whether John would be able to feel the slender muscles in his back tensing as John moved against him. Or how Sherlock’s hair would smell, how it would feel under his mouth… whether he was quiet when he came, or whether he made a lot of noise. John shivered again and was reaching down to take himself in hand when he had a sobering thought.
The flush is high on John’s cheeks, staining the skin of his throat. Sherlock reaches out another hand to touch it, to see if he can feel the heat.
Molly’s look—impossibly—brightens further.
John took another piece of ice and slid it down the length of Sherlock’s spine. He shifted under John’s weight, hands clenching into fists at his sides, but John bore down on him with his hips and laved his tongue down the slick trail where the ice cube had been.
"Now I really have to go."
Sherlock can almost hear the cogs turning in Ferguson’s brain as he thinks back over the events of the morning. Sherlock retreats deeper into the shadows.
His throat is uncomfortably tight. This is stupid. Why should he feel sad
women. I won’t lie to you. I’ve enjoyed both in good measure. There’s a reason I have a certain… reputation among the crew.” Here, Sherlock watches, fascinated, as John seems to grow… could it be? Embarrassed? “Especially in my younger days, I was known to enjoy the company of a great deal of partners… of every variety.”
If not for the fear in Sherlock’s voice, John wouldn’t have been able to bring himself to look up.
Their tread will be heavy with weariness, but this morning there will be a watchfulness about them that if you knew enough to look for, you would be able to observe in their body language, in the careful way they hold their heads; in the lull in their conversation, which is usually boisterous at the end of a shift.
Sherlock hadn’t slammed the door; he’d shut it softly, quietly, like a reasonable person.
Sherlock does stumble—once—at the end of a turn, and just as he imagined, John’s arms are there to catch him, guiding Sherlock gently back to the right rhythm, his own steps never faltering.
“Mr. Sherlock Holmes, sir! Mr. Watson sent me to tell you directly—he’s on his way—him and his men! They’re coming to thank you! They just heard the news—I’m the one who told them!” he says, his face beaming with pride. “But is it really true, sir—that it’s all thanks to you? Is it true Mr. Holmes sir, is it?”
more alive than John does when he’s climbing the rigging, when John throws his head back and laughs his full-bellied laugh, but Sherlock’s tongue feels like wax in his mouth and his own hesitation is a physical force stopping his throat. He cannot bring himself to speak around it for fear he will say the wrong thing, that he will give the wrong impression. So instead, he says nothing.
So Sherlock does nothing but sleep for the next two days (granted it’s not difficult to do, as he is weary to the bone), he drinks as much water as he can, and he swallows down every spoonful of the thin gruel that John brings him, even though he quickly grows tired of the taste.
“You take a long piece of rope—topgallant-studding-sail halyards, or something of the kind—and rove it through the block to make a girt-line. Then you take a bowline round the stay, and climb in. A man down on deck holds the other end. It’s the one piece I have to do with the help of a rope. Funnily enough it’s the one time I’m afraid of falling. You’ve got to put your faith in the man down on deck. If the rope slips, breaks, or he lets go, there’s nothing to stop you falling overboard or breaking your neck. But you don’t think about that. You just think about the work at hand. If you leave any holydays—places not tarred—then you have to do the whole thing again.”
When John pulls himself off the floor, it’s been hours since Molly Hooper left. Outside the world is dark. He has to cover his eyes after switching on the light; the sudden brightness blinds him.
Sherlock can feel the temperature in the room change as surely as if the sun pouring in through the stern windows had suddenly been swallowed up by clouds.
Molly remains standing at Sherlock’s side throughout the preparations to come to anchor, seemingly as fascinated by all the activity on deck as Sherlock. Of course, the choice between standing up on deck and going below with Ms. Grimsby does not seem a difficult one.
Sherlock is momentarily astounded that the rest of them all know the words, but on the heels of that astonishment comes the realization that of course they would all know the same songs. These are working songs, and men who work as much as they do must know a lot of them.
Sherlock descended into the darkness without turning on the lights, crossing through the bedroom, and vanishing into the bathroom without another word.
He turns to look and sees the overbearing figure of George McKinley, coming towards them, a tankard of ale in one hand and a wide smile on his face.
John put a gentle hand on Sherlock’s knee. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock settles his weight against John, his thighs splayed out lewdly on either side of John’s hips as he crouches over him to return the kiss.
Sherlock relaxed against him then, and sat up.
“If you’re just gonna stand around and watch, then we might as well put you to work.”
“You may.”
His eyes have begun to adjust now to the brightness, and he squints at their surroundings to confirm that what’s happening is indeed real.
Sherlock reemerged in the doorway a moment later dressed in a pair of clean trousers with a shirt in his hand. He was texting again.
Sherlock, upon realizing that he too has smoked the last of his pipe is disappointed on two accounts, both on finishing the tobacco, and that the conversation should come to end just when it was starting to get interesting.
Sherlock is desperate to know—wants to ask how John ended up on this ship, doing this work, but he hesitates, once again stricken with shyness.
He lowers his head.
John smiles at him wistfully, clearly doubting him.
“No, Sherlock. I never told you that. You just inferred. You wanted so badly for it to be true that you invented it.” Sherlock can hear that horrible gentle note of pity in his voice. It's like a knife flaying open Sherlock's chest. “You made it up.”
John pulls back slightly to look at Sherlock, his hands on Sherlock’s shoulders.
“Why not?” Sherlock said in a low rasp as he pushed his overcoat off his shoulders and slid off the cushioned seat, his knees hitting the bottom of the carriage with a muffled thud.
“John…” His own voice is almost unrecognizable to him; it’s so breathless with want; desperate, begging… “Please.”
The air smells of sweat and liquor, of many unwashed bodies crammed for too long into close contact. The voices rising and falling around Sherlock are loud, raucous, accented with many different tongues. These men, who Sherlock has observed over the past few weeks so closely when he is up on deck, take on another quality altogether here, in their element, at ease and unafraid.
Sherlock nods, sighing as John pulls his hand away, and climbs from the bed, his movements as graceful and efficient as ever.
“You know why he sings it so well, boys?” Matthews hollers as John passes the flask back. “It’s because he’s singin’ from first-hand experience!”
“John, please—”
John’s lips brush Sherlock’s temple as he leans in closer to speak. “Would you like a bit more?”
It takes him four, maybe five seconds, to settle on the detail that he knows will be his most effective bargaining chip.
“But before we go—”
Lestrade and the two officers with him all trained their guns on Martin Jones.
“John, can I—?”
“God, you have my come on your cheek.”
Sherlock tore forward with a snarl of rage and John watched his life flash before his eyes. Of all the stupid,
Sherlock pumped into John with one last thrust and then John felt the lovely pulse of heat deep within himself as Sherlock came and kept coming, his fingers digging into John’s arse, crying out louder than John had ever heard him, his body shaking against John.
Sherlock’s hands were still on John’s hips, holding them down, his mouth now so close John could feel the heat of his words on his cock. His knee twitched violently. The sound of his panting breath seemed to fill the room, but he kept his eyes on Sherlock’s.
As Sherlock considers this, his eyes going round the table to take in each passenger’s reaction, it occurs him that he has not seen either Knott or Ferguson for at least two days. There was no sign of either of them up on deck at the party yesterday evening, and neither of them is present this morning at the breakfast table.
He goes on painting in silence, letting the rhythmic motion of the brush, and the sound of the singing on all sides, soothe him into something almost like contentment.
“And you, John Watson, are just as much trouble as ever I can see.”
This is a dance that Sherlock has danced many times before, but it’s already better because he and John are holding onto one another the same way they were during the previous songs—John’s arms encircling Sherlock, one hand between his shoulder blades the other in the middle of his back, which is very different from the waltz position Sherlock is accustomed to.
John has come up behind the others and it’s unsettling to see that the warmth that usually graces his features in a moment like this is markedly absent.
“Good. I’m glad to hear it.” He can hear the smile in John’s voice even without looking at him. “You look… nice.”
As the bathtub was filling up, John leaned over the sink and finally gave the cut above his eye the attention it deserved. It took him a while to clean away the clotted blood, but once he did, he discovered the cut was not as bad as he had previously thought.
“Sherlock, love, what—?”
Sherlock shuts his eyes briefly, centering himself.
A roar of greeting interrupts the shared moment between them as the room becomes aware of John’s presence.
Sherlock needs you.
“Good,” John says, one corner of his mouth lifting in that expression that usually makes Sherlock’s knees go weak when he is standing. Even lying down, Sherlock can feel the corresponding flutter in his belly at the sight of it.
“And you and Mr. Watson together that was…” Billy shakes his head, the expression on his face completely awe-struck. “That was something else.”
Again, it’s shocking to discover the manner of his own movements—normally he would simply reach to take himself in hand, but something about the presence of John’s heated gaze causes him to spread one hand and run the palm of it slowly over his own chest, rubbing against his nipples which have long been erect and begging for attention, making him gasp at the sensation of finally touching them. He watches John’s eyelashes flutter in response to this, and then allows his hand to keep moving down over his ribs and the sharp curve of his hip before finally wrapping his fingers around himself.
The injustice of the whole scenario, the absurdity of it—that one man has the power to control an entire
But what is perhaps more infuriating to him than anything else is the undeniable reality of his own helplessness, his total inability to defend himself against someone larger than himself.
Sherlock tries again to break free of Stevens’ hold on him to absolutely no avail.
And he finds that playing here, under the open sky, surrounded by the ocean on all sides, the sunlight sharp in his eyes, drawing a shimmer of gold out on the surface of the water, nowhere has ever seemed more appropriate for this kind of music.
But when he opens them again a second later, she’s righted herself, and now is making steady progress down the ladder.
Nothing.
“So did you really use that elbow block I taught you?” He asks, with one eyebrow raised inquisitively.
Sherlock looks back at John and the look in his eyes takes Sherlock’s breath away.
He crawls up John’s body to get nearer to his laughing mouth.
Sherlock lies back on his bunk with a sigh.
He has a sudden image of the
“Ah, yes. Otherwise you’d be strangling me. I see.”
All the while, Sherlock’s hands are clenched tight between his thighs, and it’s all he can do to keep from chanting out loud the plea running on loop through his head.
On the opposite side of the deck, the elderly Mr. and Mrs. Whitehall are taking the air, but they are a fair distance off and unlikely to come where Sherlock and Miss Hooper are standing, partially concealed by the shadow of the mizzenmast.
He calls John’s name, as if speaking it will someone make John appear before him.
John came forward, stripping off clothing as he went, hands shaking with the intensity of his arousal. When he too was completely naked, he knelt close behind Sherlock but didn’t touch him. His eyes traveled down the length of Sherlock’s lean back, over the sculpted muscles of his buttocks. His hands hovered above Sherlock’s hips, still not touching. He felt his cock twitch at the thought of being buried in that gorgeous ass. Suddenly, his mouth was very dry.
The difficulty of this task is evident even to Sherlock’s untrained eye.
It becomes about something else—something he cannot pin down, something he cannot touch, and that is the magic to Sherlock.
It can’t be more than a few minutes (if it’s even that long) before Sherlock feels the tension in him building to an unbearable pitch—he’s thrusting now in a steady rhythm, still moaning continuously, his hairline drenched in sweat.
“What if they tell the captain?”
“That’s it—yes, come for me, Sherlock. Come for me, my beauty, my love… I’ve got you.”
What else is there to tell?
Sherlock. He’d never looked at Sherlock like that before, in fact, he’d never given him any notice at all.
His fingers shook as he reached his other hand down to undo the fastening on Sherlock’s trousers. Sherlock lifted his hips to give John room to push the material down his thighs, gasping when John’s thumbs grazed his bare flesh. His face was tucked in against John’s ear and John could feel how hot Sherlock’s cheek was against his own, the delicate flicker of Sherlock’s eyelashes against his temple.
But he still wanted more. It wasn’t enough.
“It’s Molly.”
to be in close physical contact with.
John let his thoughts drift back to Sherlock’s confession. The thought of Sherlock standing on the other side of the bathroom door, and imagining him in the water, made the pitch of his arousal begin to climb back toward something he could not suppress.
John lifted his head in the darkness, felt the crease the pillow had left in his cheek. His voice was thick with sleep. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock puffs himself up like an offended peacock. “I witnessed two sailors engaged in decidedly illicit activities while I was making my way through the upper gun deck.”
“Where on earth did you get that?”
“I’m just…” John’s eyes are wide and glittering, reflecting starlight. “I’m afraid of hurting you.”
“You… you’ve felt that before?”
John moved his lips over the underside of Sherlock’s jaw. “You greedy bastard.”
And then John was coming, his body bearing down against Sherlock, his face pressed into Sherlock’s hair, his voice breaking as he cried out in pleasure.
Reflecting back on this, Sherlock is momentarily stricken by the intensity of his feelings, even then.
Sherlock circles the perimeter of the deck once to be sure, looking in every tucked away corner (Billy is frequently doing jobs in places where no one else fits), and even down over the sides of the ship, but he finds no sign of the small, brown-haired boy.
“I’m going to make it so good for you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock lowered his hands to look up at John, jolted out of his trance-like state by the gentle pressure from John’s palm. “Y-yes,” he gasped. “Oh my god, don’t
But John waves away her offer, looking displeased. “Nonsense. If you’re a friend of Sherlock’s, then you’re a friend of mine. You can buy me a drink some other time.”
Molly, too, looks pale and worried, and it suddenly occurs to Sherlock that the right thing to do before he goes running off after John would be to ask her whether there’s anything he might do to help.
“You lying filth!”
“You know exactly who it is!” Anderson spits from over Deverall’s shoulder, apparently no longer able to contain himself. “You filthy sodomite!”
“Oh, it was a simple enough matter. The old woman clearly loves her cards.”
Sherlock does not go to dinner.
“We’re due back on deck at seven bells,” says Burns, as John turns to go. “We’re painting the bulwarks and the waterways.”
Burns is the first to notice Sherlock’s approach and he can’t be certain but he thinks that perhaps there is a flicker of relief on the other man’s features at the sight of him.
“I’m going out for a bit. Text me if you need anything.”
Whatever the captain’s genuine reaction to this news is impossible to make out, but he turns to the lieutenant and says: “Well, finally some good news, Lieutenant. I’m pleased to hear it.”
“Sherlock, I’m in the shower!”
Leaning down to suck Sherlock’s nipples as he strokes, Sherlock pushing his chest forward into John’s mouth, legs coming up to lock around John’s back.
“Yeah, just there.”
John bent down and swallowed Sherlock’s exhalation of pleasure, pushing his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth as he began to fuck him as hard as he could, Sherlock’s body curling back onto itself as John bore down against him.
A man walking past clips John on the shoulder with his umbrella. “Sorry, chap.” As he turns away to continue walking John catches a glimpse of his face—pale skin, sharp cheekbones, high forehead.
“Hey,” he says, his voice low, suddenly serious, and for a moment Sherlock is confused by the worry in his eyes until he realizes that the concern he sees there is for Molly. “Are you sure about this?”
“Someone’s coming!” John whispered, apprehension driving his heart up into his throat, sweeping all thoughts of further indiscretion cleanly from his mind.
John stroked his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, and heard Sherlock give another low whine. He’d forgotten—how had he forgotten?—how much Sherlock was obsessed with John touching his hair. John combed his fingers through the dark curls; pulling them out of the neat order Sherlock had tamed them into.
“Sherlock? Are you alright?”
He works at it until his candle has burned down to a puddle of wax, finally extinguishing itself with a quiet hiss, leaving Sherlock to settle the instrument back in its case in darkness.
Billy nods, taking off his cap as he crosses the threshold of Sherlock’s cabin and clutching it between his hands.
Very cheerily and with incredible patience, the sailor begins to show Sherlock how to twist the strands of fiber together to make the rope.
It’s one thing to see sailors up on deck where passengers often spend their time, but it’s another matter entirely to be wandering the ship without a purpose.
But when he opens the door, he sees that Billy’s face is creased with a worried, somewhat desperate look.
Sherlock recognizes the smile on John’s face. It’s the one he uses on criminals. It is glittering and sharp, like the blade of a knife.
But somehow, the nagging feeling in Sherlock’s gut tells him otherwise.
Sherlock smiles back at her; sees Ms. Grimsby eying him crossly and winks, then watches with satisfaction as Molly endeavors without success to hide her laughing mouth behind her hand.
He held on, smoothing the flat of his palm up and down Sherlock’s back as gradually his breathing calmed, his body melting in the circle of John’s arms.
Everyone seems to agree that his maniacal need for haste is unprecedented and unnecessary for a merchant ship of their size and cargo, even considering his eccentricities as a captain, of which there are evidently many.
“Of course. No, that was all. It’s a shame the two of you can’t stay for another drink.”
“Mister Holmes!” The hurrying figure gasps, and at the sound of his voice, Sherlock’s feels his heart turn over in his chest.
John looks out over the sea, where all the stars are mirrored in the dark water around them, and Sherlock can tell he is gathering the courage to speak, trying to think how to begin.
“Now you show yourself for what you really are, John Watson. Flesh. You’re nothing but flesh.”
Despite the complete sincerity in John’s voice, fear still gnaws at Sherlock.
your fingertips against my mouth, to see
“So what happened?”
Sherlock looks at her, stunned.
The man let out a squawk of indignation, fumbling to regain his balance.
“It’s alright.”
, he tells himself.
“Why?” Sherlock gasps, thrusting up against John, parting his thighs, pulling John down into the heat between his legs, not conscious of what his body is doing just wanting, wanting,
“You don’t need to worry, Sherlock,” John says gently. As usual, even though Sherlock hasn’t said a word about it, John is able to guess the nature of his thoughts. “Sally is a good friend of mine, but it’s a long time now since we’ve been lovers. You have nothing to be jealous about.”
John is stammering now, his hand slipping from Sherlock’s cock to still him by the hips. “We can’t—not now, there isn’t time, but…” John’s hand returns to Sherlock’s cock. “If it’s something you’d like, then yes, I’ll help you get there…. I’ll teach you how to make it good.”
It takes Sherlock a moment to realize who the voice in his head reminds him of. The voice is gentle, reassuring; too fond to be really frustrated, but with a note of steel underneath it that brooks no argument.
“Dear god, sir! It’s the captain!”
He tastes as good as Sherlock imagined—but better, fuller, more complex. He tastes like sunlight and the spirits he drinks—sweet, but with fire underneath.
The reverence in John’s voice is unmistakable. His hands are gliding down Sherlock’s shoulders, over the curve of his hip, and Sherlock gasps at his touch, suddenly acutely aware of the way John is looking at him, how awed, how hungry is his look.
John felt the tremor of Sherlock’s words against his skin, felt his skin prickling in anticipation of the press of Sherlock’s mouth. It was as if his skin had extra awareness of Sherlock’s—it seemed to light up like a switchboard when Sherlock drew near.
He’d never seen Sherlock look so helpless—the expression on his face had transformed into one of pure need. His eyes remained closed; there was a crease between his brows, and a fine sheen of sweat glistened at his temples.
More of this very soon. :))
“When Billy gave me your neck cloth, do you know… do you know what I did?”
“Yeah, me too, but it appears you’ve dismantled our stove. What are you doing?”
“How’s that?” John asked; his voice strained.
Maybe Sherlock is wrong. Maybe John can breathe beneath the water. After all John is practically a god in human form.
him about it. Sherlock was facing away from him so John could only see a sliver of his face from where he sat, but there was something in Sherlock’s tone that made John want to keep talking. His interest was sincere and John found himself responding to it against his better judgment.
“Do what?”
a worthwhile companion that the hole left by his absence is an impossible one to fill.
Sherlock feels warmth flood his chest. All of his insecurities seem to shrink in the presence of John’s words, the way he is looking at Sherlock now.
He’s so upset; he isn’t thinking clearly.
“No, thanks. I’m alright.”
Sherlock whimpers, and then the cool hands are on his forehead, smoothing his hair back, and the low voice is murmuring, warm and golden in his ear. “Shh. The storm is over now. We made it through.”
Sherlock’s hips still briefly at the added pressure, and John immediately pauses, too, his body going taut as a bow string.
,” he moaned; the sound of John’s name in his mouth needy and worshipful, somehow filled with gratitude and desperation all at once.
They managed to make it down the street, up the steps, and through the front door of 221B without stopping, but as soon as the door closed behind them in the front hall, Sherlock pulled John against him and kissed him as though his life depended on it.
“What?” he asked sleepily, not bothering to open his eyes.
“Teach me, John,” he says, his head tipping back on the pillow, thighs spreading to take more of John inside of him, feeling lightheaded at the thought of John penetrating him, even if only in this small way.
Sherlock ties the glass shards into a handkerchief, and feeling emboldened by his own industriousness, leaves his room to go in search of the steward to see if he can’t convince the man to get him a bucket of water to wash down the floors in his room.
It’s so cold and fresh and
“Since I surrendered deliberately, I guess we’ll never know.”
Lestrade looked uneasy, but he nodded. He set off after Sherlock, yelling into his radio as he went. “Donovan! Sherlock’s coming around the back. Little bastard took my gun...”
Feeling disappointment cloud his euphoric feelings of arousal, Sherlock lets himself drop fully beneath the surface of the water again.
A shudder runs through him at the thought of this, and he’s so aroused by now, his hand is slick with moisture. He rubs his thumb through it, whimpering, imagining it is John’s hand there, his touch hungry, reverent.
He skips breakfast—the thought of confronting Anderson’s sneering face over a bowl of porridge makes his stomach turn. He considers staying in his room for the duration of the morning until his movements are less noticeably stiff but the threat of boredom gets the better of him.
Sherlock swallows it down greedily, his own hand speeding up on his cock as he feels another burst of warm fluid coat his tongue, one finger still buried deep between John’s legs, where he can feel John’s body, warm and tight and shuddering around his finger as his pleasure moves through him.
Sherlock’s head is tipped back; his neck is extended, lost in the sensation of John’s strong fingers working through the thick curls. It’s almost as good as John kissing him.
Still, he cannot stop his mind from considering the worst.
He seems to float above it all, as though he himself were a fish, a member of this world to which he does not belong, privy to its secrets, its mysteries and dreams.
Sherlock makes another strangled sound. He can feel the flush that’s spread from his throat down to his chest radiating heat. He can’t remember the last time he was this aroused. If John doesn’t touch his cock soon—no—
John stops by whenever he can to see how Sherlock is getting along.
Sherlock crawled up his body, his hands on John’s splayed thighs, his voice a low rumble of desire. “I wanted you to come in my mouth yesterday and that never happened. I want that now.” His eyes were dark as they mapped John’s body, settling on the curve of his swollen cock. “God, John, I need to taste you.”
Anyone—anyone at all could be listening.
“Well, I might have some ideas…”
John slides his hand around to the back of Sherlock’s neck and then leaning forward, he brings Sherlock’s mouth gently to his.
Sherlock was often a mystery to John. He was many things: a delight, a frustration, a source of joy, but in the mornings, he became a work of art.
He keeps on walking until he reaches the door that separates the passengers’ quarters from the rest of the deck, the door that he looked at so longingly earlier today, and without pausing once to consider what he’s about to do, he opens it, and walks through.
“Lie back. You’re still too weak. Open your mouth.”
John lifted his own glass to his mouth and took a long sip.
The last note rings out into the darkness between them and Sherlock’s breath is coming short, his heartbeat pounding a tattoo of desperation underneath his ribs. He feels as though his body has turned to starlight.
He wasn’t sure what led him to Sherlock’s chair, and he hoped for one wild, uncertain moment that Sherlock wouldn’t feel demeaned by the gesture, but then Sherlock was twisting in against him, pushing his face into John’s neck.
John tried to answer. He couldn’t bear to hear Sherlock repeating his name like a broken record, Sherlock who couldn’t stand to repeat himself. “Yeah. Yeah, I’m alright.”
If you would like to see examples of the kind of dancing that’s described in this chapter then look
John to be speechless again.
When he comes back into the living room he finds Sherlock eyeing the space critically.
“Y-yes, just like that now, open your mouth w-wider... oh,
Lestrade is seated at a narrow desk in the corner—his lieutenant’s hat on a peg by the door, his grey head bent over a sheaf of papers.
The trip with Sarah was a disaster.
“Whatever this business is with Ferguson and Knott, you said you think it has something to do with the captain’s urgency to get to Rio, isn’t that right?”
Worse than the money almost is the fact that he’s left his violin.
Sherlock feels a thrill of heat at John’s words, at the sudden fire in his eyes.
The ceiling was crisscrossed with low beams hung with an assortment of metal chains and hooks, like the one currently holding him up. Along with a rack and an iron maiden there were several spiked and cruel-looking machines that John didn’t recognize but whose purpose was all too clear. He didn’t need to know how they worked to ascertain that they were instruments designed solely with the intention of inflicting the maximum amount of pain.
John has erotic botanical dreams. Oh yeah, and rain sex.
“I uh...” Sherlock drops his eyes briefly; clears his throat. “I may have helped her get her hands on a midshipman’s uniform so that she could get off the ship.”
John’s own rage swells to match Sherlock’s. His voice rises to a shout. “If you think I’m going to leave you here on this bloody island by yourself, then you’ve got another thing coming!”
The lights in the stairwell were flickering but the air coming up from below felt cooler. John was counting on the map in Sherlock’s brain to navigate them successfully through the lower decks before heading back up again.
Sherlock pulls back, worried, suddenly very conscious of John’s absolute silence above him.
“Come with us, come with us.”
One word was all it took.
The crowd is so raucous and moving so quickly that Sherlock decides it isn’t worth the effort. Even if he could squeeze his way through to get close to John, what would he say in front of all these people?
“That’s just the question isn’t it? Ferguson certainly seemed to have some theories of his own by the way he was talking. Speaking of which, I haven’t seen Ferguson yet this evening, have you?”
Matthews speaks up from the back of the crowd. “Stevens was causing trouble, sir!”
Sherlock can hear the fond smile in John’s voice even through the dark, but he can also hear the way his lips twist a bit around the words, as though he is ashamed that he tried to keep Sherlock to himself, and Sherlock is about to protest, about to insist that he’d rather spend a hundred lifetimes alone with John than have five minutes with anyone else in the world, much less anyone onboard this ridiculous ship, but then he remembers how excited he was to play, how it felt to see Aidan smile at him as though they were old friends, and for just a moment, he wonders if that isn’t entirely true.
Sherlock draws his own breath in sharply at that look, suddenly very aware of the fact that he and John are alone together for the first time in…
The man in the doorway cocked the pistol in his hand. “Try and knock me down and you’ll get a mouth full of lead. I have no qualms about picking the money off your corpses.”
It takes Sherlock a moment to respond. Speaking suddenly feels beyond him. He keeps his eyes closed.
He hurries to tuck his violin back in its case before rushing for the stairs. He’s joined in the corridor by several other curious passengers, including Amesbury, who gives Sherlock an absolutely filthy look as he passes him. Perhaps the man had been in his room the night of the party after all... At this point Sherlock could care less.
The gentleness in John’s voice cuts through Sherlock like a blade.
Every time John appears in Sherlock’s doorway, that brilliant smile unfolding all over his face, Sherlock wonders if he isn’t dreaming, if all of this isn’t simply one long, mad hallucination.
Ferguson’s eyes slide suddenly over to look Sherlock up and down. “Well, you’re a shrewd one aren’t you? You know a lot about catching criminals?”
Sherlock wants to watch the expression on John’s face but his eyes are falling shut, and he cannot stop them—he is overcome, and with his eyes closed he can concentrate better on the feel of John’s callused palm gripping him, and on the feel of John’s thumb as it slides over the head of his erection, swirling in an agonizing circle.
He reaches for the sponge to wipe the remnants of soap away, trying valiantly not to think about how it would feel if John were sitting behind him now, gently lifting the soaking hair off the back of Sherlock’s neck to sponge at his nape and down over the curve of his shoulder, pressing a kiss to every place he just cleaned.
He rolled over onto his side, determined to ignore the beginnings of his erection. He would
Sherlock’s room is dim when he opens the door; the sun’s golden warmth that was so pervasive up on deck has no presence here in the dark corridor off of which his cabin lies. The heat remains—thick and stifling, but all is colorless and grey. The walls of Sherlock’s chamber are bathed in gloom.
for the second.
John shook his head, unable to meet Sherlock’s eyes. He was slightly surprised by his own embarrassment, but when he thought back over all the sex they’d had in the last two days, how loud he’d been…
John reached for the unopened bottle.
“Save him from what?” Sherlock asks, surging forward in desperation.
“What happened to her face, by the way?”
John could only guess. He headed off at a run down the hallway in the opposite direction the guests had gone.
John sets the comb down on the chair. “You can rinse your hair now. You should be tangle-free.”
He writhed for another moment under John’s weight and John saw a flicker of frustration cross his face. John grinned down at him, unmoving. His grip on Sherlock’s wrists was like steel. “What did I tell you?”
“John?” Sherlock says, unable to keep the slightly frantic pitch of yearning out of his own voice. “I… I want to hear more about all this but I... first will you…?”
Sherlock stands opposite him, still paralyzed with uncertainty and terror, and waits.
Sherlock opens his mouth to say something but thinks better of it. They can’t really talk here—not in present company.
“Sherlock—”
There were four dogs tied up with weighted logging chains—two of which were covered in blood, barking and snapping at the end of their chains—and another two dogs in the center of the room, circling one another in the middle of a wire enclosure.
Sherlock hears a shout from further down the deck and the sound of advancing footsteps. He steps in over Ferguson, taking advantage of the fact that he’s a good head taller than the other man to stare down at him now in clear contempt. He lowers his voice so that no one else will hear his words.
Sherlock waits until Deverall has made his way towards the bar before letting go of John’s arm. He’s too embarrassed to explain his hope that they can retrieve John’s bag and leave before Deverall comes back to the table.
“Nothing. He believed me. He believed me and that’s what matters.”
In the grey light of the dying afternoon, he saw Sherlock leaning over him, terror cutting dark lines into the contours of his face. His hands were clenched tight on John’s shoulders, his eyes searching John’s, haggard, desperate.
The two men Sherlock is trying to work his way around, turn to one another in evident relief.
The realization takes Sherlock’s breath away.
But after several silent minutes, the stretch of Sherlock’s neck, the hard flare of his nostrils, the closeness, the masculine scent of him in the warm dark proximity of the carriage, John couldn’t help himself. He coiled his own fist on his thigh in an effort to keep himself from moving and shifted again.
They are markedly silent, the expressions on many of their faces serious and drawn. Sherlock is struck by how much older they look when they are at rest like this, the wrinkles carved into their weather-worn features so stark their faces look like so many masks.
If Sherlock was as sick as John says, how he must have worried.
The light in his cabin is brighter now; bright enough that Sherlock can see the dark circles of exhaustion underneath John’s eyes, the lines around his mouth.
And then John does something incredible.
Sherlock wants to burn the image into his memory so that he never forgets the magnificence of John Watson in this moment, but then John’s mouth is moving slowly back up the length of his cock, creating lovely suction, and then John’s tongue is licking at the slit in the head and Sherlock cannot remain upright.
Moriarty began to walk in a circle around him, hands still in his pockets, his voice soft, intimate, like the brush of an unwanted embrace.
He wishes so desperately that he could play. It would not absolve him of his misery entirely but it would at least take away some of the ache, help soothe the jagged, grating edge of his anxiety.
He opens his eyes and the sight of John kneeling before him, his golden head bowed over Sherlock’s chest makes him give a little cry and lean back against the pillows.
Sherlock nods, miserably, but he must not look convinced because John is reaching up to brush his fingers over Sherlock’s cheek.
John was speechless.
“Alright Anderson, that’s enough. You’ve had your look. You were wrong. Time to go.”
He’s never taken someone through his observational process like that before. Usually when he deduces details about people and tells them what he’s figured out, they become angry, sometimes frightened. He and Mycroft used to sit and do it with their parents’ party guests. Sometimes they’d play the game with Sherlock’s hated cousins, which usually ended badly for Sherlock, as he was better at it than any of them.
The wind stirs in the rigging, louder this time, and John squints out over the horizon. “There’s a storm coming. We’re moving right towards it. It’ll likely be a bad one.”
“John! John, what is it?”
sex.”
John kisses his knuckles lightly, and then lifts his mouth away to continue speaking. His voice is so soft, so full of heat Sherlock can almost feel its weight against his skin in the dark.
Sherlock can hear how tense John’s breathing is. “Start wherever you like.”
And the worst part is Sherlock knows John is right.
John’s mess is down in the hold for most of this operation; Lieutenant Deverall is stationed below to oversee them, while Lestrade remains standing at the gangway, directing the men in the boats. Lieutenant Dimmock appears to be shadowing Lestrade for this particular operation, while Moore is overseeing the men working on the hull.
Astute readers may remember a reference in a previous chapter to the fact that Sherlock does not know how to swim. *embarrassed author’s cough* Well, such are the problems created by the work-in-progress. In earlier versions of this story, I imagined that Sherlock had never learned to swim, and when they finally reached the beach in Rio, John would teach him. But somehow that version of events became less exciting/interesting to me than this version, in which Sherlock actually feels very much at home in the water. I'm happy to ramble on more about my reasoning behind this decision- if you're interested in knowing more, feel free to send me a message about it on tumblr, or in the comments.
“I’m sorry for all the secrecy,” Lestrade says in a hushed voice. “But it will soon become clear to you why we have need of it.”
Looking around the table, Sherlock sees similar expressions on the faces of the others, and he’s struck by the realization that they mean it—that they care about him enough to mean it. Even if he knows by now that they’ve accepted him—that some of them even like him—it’s difficult for him to believe.
He drags his nose through the hair at the base of John’s cock, inhaling deeply.
Wiping the tears off her cheeks, she hurries from the flat.
Reaching down, he grabbed John by his arse, lifting his hips off the bed as John arched up into him.
Sherlock rears back in John’s grasp to look at him. “I’m sorry, John,” he says.
“The sea is beautiful in its way, but sometimes I find my heart yearning after growing things—green woods and rich, black soil, solid ground beneath my feet, and for the songs of birds other than gulls. Sometimes I can’t sleep at night for trying to remember what they sound like.”
Sherlock finds a tucked away corner on the portside of the deck, out of sight of the men on watch, and squints up at the sky.
Sherlock leans in closer, slipping a third finger in alongside the other two with no difficulty. At this point, he isn’t certain whether four would be better.
It was a trembling, helpless kiss, without finesse, but with all the feeling that was lodged like a dagger in John’s chest—the sharp, heartbreaking feeling that he couldn’t seem to breathe around. He heard Sherlock’s sudden intake of breath as their noses brushed and John’s fingers tightened around Sherlock’s arm, the shock of feeling as his lips touched Sherlock’s causing him to feel once again as though he were drowning in a wide, blue sea.
“Never mind, forget I said that. This time it actually matters. All of those other things, none of them mattered. This,
Sherlock opened his eyes again and the blue surrounding his pupils was the color of liquid sapphire.
Instead, he leaned forward and kissed Sherlock’s down-turned mouth.
“Good afternoon, ladies.”
of the way you felt, or so I told myself. I needed to be certain before I could even begin to sort out my own feelings—certain that you felt the same way.”
John must sense some of the nature of Sherlock’s feelings; either that, or he just registers his stiffness, the sudden rigid quality of his posture, and perhaps he knows Sherlock well enough by now to know that when he holds himself like this it’s indicative of his self-hatred.
“However you like,” John’s lovely voice says, pouring out of his chest like a ribbon of gold. Sherlock can feel the vibration of it between his thighs. His hips give a little jerk in response. “Whatever you do will feel good, my love. Just start out gently and I’ll tell you how it feels.”
He felt Sherlock’s quick, indrawn breath of surprise before their lips met, his free hand fluttering for a moment in the air before coming to rest on John’s hip.
Sherlock watches John’s eyes fall closed. “Oh, god, yes.”
Sherlock began kissing his way down John’s neck, hands bunching in the material of John’s t-shirt.
He slides his hands once down John’s flanks in what he hopes is a soothing gesture, re-focusing on the feeling of John’s body, hot and wanting, under his hands, licking his lips, and leaning in to take John back into his mouth, remembering as he does so, all of a sudden, the way it affected John last time when he looked up at him as he did this.
His voice, when he speaks at last, is heavy with emotion.
Sherlock felt his knees strike the cold metal of the deck and he saw more than heard John scream his name through a veil of sea spray.
Sherlock waits, eyes on John, lost in the feeling of John’s fingers rubbing back and forth over his own, back and forth.
Sherlock rubbed the sponge over John’s left shoulder, and down over his left arm, careful not to get water on the bandage over John’s bicep.
Sherlock’s jacket is folded over his arm, his violin case still clenched tightly in one hand. He is clinging to it like a talisman, as though if he holds it tight enough it will give him the power to go back in time to an hour before, when he still existed in that transcendent space with John’s eyes on him from across the room, his fingers flying over the strings, before he realized what John was singing about, who he was singing for.
He slid his open mouth over the tendons in Sherlock’s neck, tasting the pulse at the base of his throat, savoring the erratic thump of it as it beat beneath his tongue.
The immediate danger has passed—he knows. The captain did not seem to notice, or care that John was issuing a silent mutinous challenge to him with every line of his body.
Even when he does not hear them complaining, it’s easy to tell just by a look at their faces that the mood of the crew has soured. They all wear a sullen, dark, exhausted look, their movements weary; their expressions cloudy. They all walk with the same broken, exhausted gait that Sherlock saw the day John’s mess was leaving their shift at the pumps.
“Disciplinary action taking place on the upper gun deck. All members of the crew are required to be in attendance.”
All that time spent making careful edits to the fourth movement—gone with one careless gesture.
But now there are voices clearly audible, and Sherlock can hear their footsteps begin their descent down the wooden stairs.
Feeling Molly stiffen beside him at her aunt’s words, Sherlock lets go of her arm with reluctance; perhaps he’s gone too far. The last thing he wants is to make Molly suffer more than she already has.
tired.
John makes a strangled sound and then his arms are tightening around Sherlock’s shoulders and he is sobbing with an abandon he has never allowed himself.
A breathless, yet triumphant looking Lieutenant Deverall rushes into the room. “I’m sorry to disturb you, Captain, but you said to come at once. We’ve done it, sir. The
“Wet your hair for me, love?”
Sherlock hears the door open and then at full volume now, the sound of Mr. Knott’s voice, clearly furious, the edge of anger in his voice restrained, but only barely.
He bends low to kiss John’s ear again, aware suddenly of his own great height as he must stoop to do so, his body folding around John’s like the petals of a flower. He wants to touch as much of John as he can reach, wants to feel John’s skin against his skin but he’s too focused on the feel of John’s swollen cock in his fist to pause what he is doing and remove any more clothing.
with the ordinary world around you,
“Why did he murder your colleague? What did he know? And how did you find out?”
He stretched his mouth wide in an exaggerated grimace around the final word as he came back around to face John, his tone full of unmistakable disdain. He leaned in close to John’s face, eyes narrowing.
Sherlock’s dreams are heavy and deep, carrying him far from the narrow bunk where he lies between John Watson’s arms, down into the shimmering landscape at the bottom of the sea.
Sherlock nods, and John’s expression does something complicated that is difficult for Sherlock to follow.
The man’s face clouds with sudden anger. “They
John felt his chest swell with an impossible rage—he wouldn’t let Moriarty win, not after all this.
Even though he is not touching John—there are a few inches between them—he can feel John’s proximity at his side, as if he’s grown extra sensory awareness all along the side of his body, and it fills him with a pleasant glow as palpable as the feeling of the sun on his skin. Between John’s presence at his side and the sun up above, Sherlock feels like he’s filling up with sunshine.
“Stop jittering,” John whispered.
For one horrifying moment, Sherlock cannot make his voice work.
He felt Sherlock grin against his chest.
Even though it’s early morning still and the shutters on the windows are flung open to let in some air, the tavern is dim and warm and crowded with people, the heat from their bodies and the smoke from the candles on the tables making the air thick, the sound of their laughing voices filling up the room.
Sherlock nods, feeling dazed.
“Sleep with me in here tonight?”
Sherlock reaches up to pull Anderson’s hands off of him but his grip is unyielding. Anderson’s face breaks into a sneer.
Sherlock licked softly at the skin he had just bruised, easing John’s pants down his thighs, and then pulling them off each ankle, one foot at a time, tossing them away into the darkness to join the other cast-off articles of clothing.
The last thing he remembers: Mrs. Hudson trying to help him to his feet, draping a blanket over his shoulders, her terrified face.
“I know because…” She drops her gaze back to her lap again, a smile pulling at the corner of her mouth. “I do it myself. I look at people, notice things about them.” She offers him a nervous smile. “I have a great deal of idle time on my hands. I get so…” She looks up again, only to look out the window, eyes squinting against the glare of the sun on the waves. Every trace of the thin smile is gone from her face. “Sometimes I think I will go mad from boredom.”
If he is, then Sherlock will know that the man simply skipped supper because he was hot, or perhaps had too much on his mind, in which case Sherlock will know that nothing out of the ordinary is taking place.
Lestrade pauses with one hand on the door and looks back at them.
John stiffens in his arms and pulls away with a muttered curse. “Bloody hell.”
He threw himself over the top. John saw him slip and his heart was in his mouth, but then Sherlock was slithering down the other side to the ground.
The sight of his furious face cheers Sherlock up considerably; he’s happy to know that there will be no more overtures of friendship made to him from that quarter.
Sherlock stares back at John, feeling numb. He wants to reassure John. To tell him that of course he knows that. He feels the same way! But the power of speech seems to have abandoned him.
“Yes, John,” he sighs, his voice softer than breath. “Please, kiss me again.
John looks over at Sherlock through the darkness and Sherlock stiffens under his gaze. He wants to study the expression on John’s face but he keeps his eyes straight-ahead, trained on the horizon.
He began to fuck Sherlock with his tongue, hands sliding down to grip the flesh of Sherlock’s thighs, holding them apart.
He does not want to think about what the sailor said, about the chances of what might happen if John is able to leave the ship—what that might mean for Sherlock.
That, combined with the fact that Sherlock was still fully clothed above him in t-shirt and trousers, made the state of his utter nakedness all the more apparent. He felt Sherlock’s eyes travel down his torso and belly and settle on the arousal that was so evident between his legs. The look in Sherlock’s eyes made him groan aloud.
“What’s this?” Sherlock had asked with thinly veiled disgust.
When they reach the open air of the main deck, Sherlock follows John to stand in the shadows cast by the longboat on the larboard side of the deck, where they might speak without fear of being overheard.
But just as quickly, the feeling is replaced by a creeping kind of dread.
John forgot about why it was important to get out of the front hall. He forgot about Mrs. Hudson and neighborly courtesy and public indecency. He forgot about everything except his need to have Sherlock’s mouth against his right away, immediately,
never done this before, and the forbidden nature of the act intensified the pleasure of it tenfold.
Sherlock watches the tense line of John's mouth grow darker as the sun begins to dip behind the grass. The gentle swell of the horizon—so soft a moment ago, all blurred with gold—has gone jagged as the shadows creep in. Each blade of grass is like a spike. They hurt Sherlock's eyes.
Six hours, Ferguson said. That means he’s only had the manifest in his possession since the morning—and he clearly hadn’t intended to keep it. What a fool the man is. If he wasn’t planning to keep it to blackmail the captain then he should have made a copy immediately, and returned it right away.
“Sherlock?”
“Good. Let’s be sure to keep it that way, Lieutenant.”
His heart is pounding—he feels light-headed with the intensity of his desire, like he might fall off the earth if he doesn’t keep a grip on the feeling, as though if he surrenders to it, he will be washed away.
Sherlock’s fingers clenched violently where he still held John’s other arm, his breathing suddenly ragged. His eyes were unfocused.
Sherlock cocked his head and the light in his eyes shifted. “This is how I always hoped to go, with you at my side.”
, yes. John—!” John could hear Sherlock coming undone just by the sound of his voice. He’d never imagined Sherlock would be so vocal, but
Sherlock rises stiffly to his feet, and offers John a hand, who takes it, gratefully.
Whatever he finds in his assessment of Sherlock he seems to determine it isn’t worth his interest as he continues on his way down the passageway without stopping to wait for a response.
John felt Sherlock curling over him as he sped up his movements. “Like that?”
“Do you remember that stack of bills I put on the mantelpiece before I left?”
John’s hands slide lower to cup the curves of Sherlock’s arse. He leans in until his mouth is almost against Sherlock’s, lips curving upward in a smile. “There is no lovelier sight on this earth to wake up to.”
John’s hands settle once more over his thighs and Sherlock resists the instinct to push his hips upwards.
The song follows a similar call and response pattern to the ones the sailors sang at the party—the old man sings a line and the other men sing the refrain, everyone joining in together on the chorus.
John tore off a wide section of his undershirt, folding it several times into a neat square before pressing it against the wound to staunch the flow of blood. He continued tearing off sections and wrapping them tightly around Sherlock’s thigh to create a makeshift bandage.
to taste the patter of your pulse, feel
“Ferguson,” Knott growls. “I think it would be wise to abandon this particular thread of conversation. Especially in present company.” His eyes flicker meaningfully to the curious faces of the other passengers around the table. Old Mr. Mills has leaned so far forward in his chair that his cravat is dangling in his soup bowl. “None of us wants any trouble.”
“John, listen to me—”
Sherlock lets his fingers close around the hard heat of John’s cock before he has even finished speaking, savoring John’s gasp as he does.
Perhaps this is the reason for his desperation to reach Rio, perhaps there is some illicit cargo that he needs to unload in the port city; perhaps whoever is buying is only going to be there for a limited window of time.
blue light of evening, dark streams of otherworldly shapes
He kept the touch of his tongue light and delicate so that Sherlock would be aware of every tiny nerve ending as his tongue dragged it into life. He reached up and let the pad of his thumb brush gently over the other one as he licked.
There, in the wall at the foot of his bed where his case was standing, is a hole two feet wide and almost as high, leading directly into the cabin next to Sherlock’s.
John lost the rhythm of his thrusts, his hips jerking helplessly forward, the slick heat of the muscles of Sherlock’s throat around his cock sending him crashing over the edge into oblivion.
“I know, love. Just do one thing for me before you do. Lift your hips for me…”
“Do you mind if I finish undressing you first?”
He isn’t sure if John’s hiss in response is because of his answer or due to the fact that Sherlock has lifted his hips up and pushed his arse deliberately back against the heat of John’s cock, rubbing against it in a slow slide.
Sherlock watches John through lowered lashes, feeling none of the shyness he felt the first time John undressed him (was it really just a week ago? It feels like another century); instead, he can feel his arousal growing under the weight of John’s eyes, with the awareness that he is now completely nude in front of John, thighs spread apart in offering under John’s warm palms.
Sherlock’s mouth drops open, his hands coming up to seize John by the arms, and he cannot even make a sound because the feel of John’s mouth touching him there—
He flaps his arms helplessly at the room around him, grasping at words but finding none that will suffice.
“FERGUSON!”
Anderson was standing in the center of the room, shouting for quiet.
He knows, with a surety that reaches deep into his bones, how quickly their dislike of him would turn to hatred if they knew the true nature of his relationship with John, how they would cast him out, like one infected with some dark and terrible disease, and if he stayed, how little time would pass before some tragic accident befell him, a fire starting just outside his cabin door perhaps, something jammed before the door to prevent him getting out, how none of them would lift a hand to intervene except to sweep his charred remains away when at last the flames died out.
It seems to poison every thought that comes into Sherlock’s brain. Even though he knows, he
Sherlock kissed the length of each collarbone before dragging his tongue down John’s sternum. He paused briefly to close his mouth over one of John’s nipples, scraping lightly with his teeth.
John’s eyes are grave as he looks back at Sherlock. “I hope you conveyed to him that he owes me nothing—it was my duty to come to his aid.”
the captain doesn’t change his mind again,
anyone the way he wants John.
“OYE!”
Lestrade’s color worsens with Sherlock’s words and Sherlock wonders suddenly if he shouldn’t have told the man as much.
Sherlock looked up at John, his face flushed in the light of the fire, desperate with want.
Sherlock drops his head, his elbows giving way as pleasure rips through the center of him, coursing through his body in great shuddering waves. His body stiffens against John, the muscles in his arse pulled taut, hips bearing down as he shoots pulse after pulse of warm sticky liquid between them.
“And the best part is… you can be as loud as you want, my love.”
Somebody hit the lights.
He made the right decision to wait until she finished drinking. She turns to look at him so quickly she spills half the contents of her tankard onto the table.
John’s hands smooth down Sherlock’s arms and he leans in, his voice warm and meditative. How he can sounds so absolutely calm is beyond Sherlock. “It seems a shame to do this when I can’t undress you fully….” Even through the thin material of Sherlock’s shirt, John’s fingers raise goose bumps on his arms. “When I can’t even see you.”
It’s only now that he’s said it that he realizes it’s the truth.
Molly looks up from the table, taking in the agitation in every line of Sherlock’s body.
. No one else. That whole elaborate set up—all those mutilated bodies—that house, the Perrault reference, the bloody chamber—it was all designed for me, to catch my interest. He tried to break you just to get to me. Imagine what he would have done if I hadn’t figured it out—if I hadn’t come in time… That serial killer was meant to keep me racing all over the city.” Sherlock’s voice lurched in sudden understanding. “There was another set of clues he had for me—I was meant to take the bait, to keep following the trail, keep playing the game—but I was so enraged over what he’d done to you, I killed him instead. I broke the pattern, but
He’s shirtless, dressed only in his breeches, and Sherlock cannot tell if it’s because he’s been in the water, or if it’s just that hot, but his skin is coated in a fine sheen of moisture that makes the whole of his body glisten in the light of the sun.
The more Sherlock thinks about it, the more absurd the situation appears to him.
Sherlock resolutely avoids looking up at the sails and the rigging.
“Mr. Holmes proved to be a… difficult patient. We had to give him something to calm him down.” The doctor frowned. “He might be a little out of it for a few hours.”
Sherlock pressed the length of his body against John’s.
Sherlock shifts his thighs under the warm pressure of John’s palm, the longing in his voice utterly transparent.
“It’s alright,” he says, as if he knew instinctively what Sherlock was about to ask. “I know you want to help but I’ll be quicker if I do it myself.”
Sherlock had managed to get to his feet but he was having trouble standing on his own. He was leaning heavily against Lestrade’s shoulder, glaring at anyone around him wearing a hospital uniform. It was evident that he still had very little muscle control.
Instead, he continues on down the stairs leading to the orlop deck, down into the darkness where John took him no more than a week ago.
Anderson's face is so close to Sherlock’s his putrid breath seems to fill Sherlock's mouth.
, he ignores the sorrow in it. “I’m not—John, I’m dead.”
Sherlock stares back at her, searching her gaze for any sign of judgment, scorn, or disgust. But he finds none.
Fuming, John tore up the stairs to the flat. He flung his keys down on the mantle and began pacing up and down in front of the fireplace, shaking his head.
There are men and women of every age and social class, of every skin color, talking and shouting and bartering for goods. There are fishermen in wide straw hats standing beside tables heaped silvery high with fish, baskets bristling with crabs and other strange sea creatures Sherlock cannot name; there are women with baskets on their heads selling fruit and spices, their bare feet dusty beneath their bright skirts; there are soldiers and merchants; men in clerical robes; aristocrats and members of the Portuguese court; there are women with their skirts pinned up at their waists who even to Sherlock’s untrained eye he identifies as women selling trade of the more intimate kind. There are people of every description—beggars and officers, whores and brigands, all mixed up together, and through it all, children and animals darting under foot.
“What is it?”
Sherlock does, and is shocked to feel how easily John bears his weight.
Of course, John had expected this. Sherlock almost never had sex in the middle of a case and this was no exception.
Abruptly, he stands up. He nods at her, nods once to show that he’s understood what she came to tell him, and then he walks out of the room.
cares what people think—but even as he thinks the words, Sherlock sees through his own thinly-veiled act of self-deception, and knows that his desire to prove himself to this man has everything to do with the kindness in his voice.
Sherlock has hated a lot of people in his time, but his hatred for Anderson eclipses all of them combined. The way he constantly follows Sherlock around the ship—it makes Sherlock feel like he is being hunted.
Self-satisfied bastard. He was already arrogant enough—these new clothes could only bring trouble.
“Are you sure? With sniveling creatures like that midshipman leaping out at you from the shadows, might not be a bad idea to be prepared!”
“I will inform Lieutenant Moore of your situation, so you will not be expected back on the ship tomorrow night.”
“I want everyone to know that you’re
Sherlock ignores the open threat in Ferguson’s voice.
“John—”
Sherlock nodded and cocked the gun.
“He didn’t say anything. He just nodded and walked out of the room.”
Sherlock wants to tell John it isn’t his fault, that it isn’t about anything John has or hasn’t done—that the problem lies with Sherlock alone.
However, his store of humility was quickly running short in the face of John Watson’s indiscriminate rage upon waking from his drugged state (thanks to a particularly nasty blow to the head—Sherlock filed this fact away under the heading “To Be Used Only In Extreme Duress” for future drugged John Watson incidents) to discover that he was chained up in the bottom of a rusty fishing boat commandeered by drug smugglers, with one Sherlock Holmes.
John flexes the fingers of his left hand, takes a deep breath.
I am sending sparkly nautical hugs to all of you right now and feeling so, so fortunate (perhaps more so than ever before...) to be a part of this fandom with all of you. You all are more beautiful than you can possibly know.
Space expands in a curious way in the architecture of Sherlock’s mind—the sky opening up in the rafters of the ceiling, sunlight pouring down between the beams; whole forests swaying in the space beneath the main staircase.
Sherlock presses a kiss to John’s throat and then—he can’t help himself—he licks at the sweat gathering there and this time, John groans, long and low.
“Oh yes, John,” he breathes.
In spite of all of his fears and worry, all of his dread about what this might mean for him and John, he cannot stop a grin from breaking out across his face at the sight of that long, long line of green stretching unbroken across the horizon, at the screaming of the gulls above the ship, as the voice of a sailor from aloft cries out: “Land, ho!”
John tastes of sweat and bitterness and Sherlock revels in it, much as it reminds him, with a clenching misery, of the horror of John’s last few days.
“Your strength is already improving though. Have you been doing the exercises I showed you?”
He pushes his trousers a bit further down his hips before taking himself in hand with his oil-slicked fingers.
“If you’re afraid, the water will know. It can sense fear—that’s how it gets you. You have to show it that you’re not afraid.”
Sherlock looks up at Stamford again to see him smiling fondly.
Sherlock is certain that Knott knows more than he is letting on—in fact, based on his reaction Sherlock would venture to guess that he knows a
It was already starting.
Most of them dance with no clear steps in mind, they’re simply moving to the rhythm of the music; but there are a few that clearly know the dance that belongs to this music, and they come together as seamless as water following the course of a river. They dance side-by-side, with their arms around each other’s shoulders, coming together when they turn, their arms tight around one another, their feet seeming to float above the ground.
He loves being in the ocean. He feels stronger in the water, full of grace in a way that is never accessible to him on land.
He tries to think of something to say to change the direction of the conversation before Molly has to answer, but Burns—good old Burns!—beats him to it.
Oh, how foolish Sherlock has been all this time, to think that John’s hair, the color of his skin are such that they pick up the color of the light. No, no, he’s gotten it all wrong—John is the source of it, and here now, with John as alive as he can be in Sherlock’s hands, the light is pouring out of him, so hot, so bright that Sherlock can hardly stand to look at him without crying out.
There is a great deal of appreciative giggling in the wake of Mr. Jackson’s promise.
“What did you take from him?” Sherlock can hear the fury held tight in John’s voice; he can hear the effort it takes John to keep it at bay.
Guilt swirls up in Sherlock in a sudden storm as the details from his conversation with the captain this afternoon come back to him all at once. After the way things transpired he’d prefer not to tell John any of it, but he knows that’s not an option. He owes John the truth about what he told the captain, at the very least. Better for John to be on his guard from now on—just in case.
“Yes, Sherlock, god—yes, just…
He found himself wishing for Sherlock’s ability to focus, to drown out all other stimuli, but John had never had that kind of mental fortitude. No, he was far too aware of his own body—the sweating, clamoring, distracting racket of his throbbing pulse, the furious tremor of his shaking hands.
The expression on the captain’s face is as severe as ever; if Sherlock had to guess his next words he would not expect them to be at all congratulatory.
On any other occasion, Sherlock would not have the nerve to ask it, but something about the mournful way John is studying the empty bowl in his hands gives Sherlock courage.
“Was that…?” John fought the well of frustration that rose in him, the memories at that night that still felt so painful, so fresh—his agony over that moment. He clenched his fists on his thighs. “Was that another test?”
Sherlock dives back down, grinning now around John’s cock, thrilled by the vulgarity of John’s language—he’s never heard him talk so filthily in his presence, and it’s something about that unguarded quality to John that permits him to talk this way now, Sherlock is certain of it.
Lestrade pulls the door wide.
Sherlock drops his other hand to the mattress, so that both his hands are planted now on either side of John, to give him better purchase to thrust.
Sherlock hardly knows how he will be able to—the feeling of it is so overwhelming—but his body seems to know better. His hips begin to move again, this time thrusting slightly harder, deeper, the rhythm of what his body wants coming to him instinctually, and he knows he must be doing something right when John lets out a sound Sherlock has never heard him make before—sharp and high—full of need.
“Can I help,” Sherlock breathes, scooting forward, feeling the lovely drag of his arse over the muscles in John’s thighs. He gasps at the sensation, but refuses to be distracted. He leans forward over John, licking his lips, eyes intent on the movement of John’s hand. “Please. Let me help.”
His mind is racing. Maybe he can take John aside now and tell him quickly before Lestrade does, to try and soften the blow. But Dimmock is already walking away, expecting them to follow, and if Sherlock is honest with himself he doesn’t know how he could possibly bear to tell John now what he should have told him immediately, especially now that he’s likely about to be beaten as a result of Sherlock’s cowardice.
The dizzying sensation that he is still onboard the ship, of the room rocking gently around him, seems to increase suddenly. He feels the room tilt sidewise and grips the edge of the table as if it will help to keep him from sliding off the world.
Seeing him like this brings to mind the sight of him in the shadow of the pumps: face creased with grime, his eyes twin pools of sorrow, and the contrast between the John of then, and now, makes Sherlock’s chest feel as though it is suddenly too small for his heart.
“Good to have you workin’ with us, Mr. Holmes. There’s nothing beats this tropical heat like a little heavy labor I always say.”
“She left England as soon as she was able. Stowed away onboard a ship bound for the Indies. She ended up finding work in Cape Town, so she stayed. That’s where I met her. She hasn’t had an easy life that’s for sure. She still has difficulties, but at least here, she says people don’t baulk at the color of her skin.”
“Easy, easy there. This is why the lantern may be of some use. It’s much easier to do this with a bit of light.”
Sherlock’s back has come up against the nearby coil of rope. He halts, shoulders pressing hard into the cables at his back.
“No offense intended.”
Another shout from the boatswain sends the men running to new positions on the deck again—John among them—and Sherlock feels a little twinge of disappointment that John didn’t see him watching, although he tells himself that it’s for the best.
No one moves. It’s as though they’re hoping Lestrade will tell them to disbelieve what they just heard; to reassure them that he will intervene on their behalf.
John’s hand are reaching for the edges of Sherlock’s coat and he makes a strangled cry of protest, because with all that has happened, with all that he can take, John removing his clothes on the deck of the ship in broad daylight is the limit.
Sherlock bent his head to John’s chest, sucking on a nipple through the material of John’s t-shirt.
John’s been fooled too many times, he won’t be fooled again. Now horror is crowding out every other feeling, the knowledge that he can’t survive this—this trick his mind is playing on him.
“What?” he repeats stupidly.
Anderson lets out a mingled yell of pain and fury and drops the medical kit.
John sighed and rolled over onto his back. “I can’t tell you. If you really want to know there’s only one way to find out.”
It’s like a compulsion that he cannot stop, the dark words welling up out of him without his control. “I was worried that you wouldn’t want to come. After what happened.”
“I must get back to my Tabitha. She too is quite inconsolable over this sudden change of plans. I’m hopeful I shall think of something to lift her spirits. Let us hope that when next we meet we will have better tidings to celebrate.”
They keep at it until Sherlock’s face is running with sweat, his limbs shuddery with exhaustion. He’s so focused he doesn’t even realize how tired he is until John steps back and puts his hands up.
“Oh John,” Sherlock whispers, completely overcome.
He watches John’s fingers, the way he holds them so lightly at the nape of her fragile neck, his thumb threading through the curls, the motion of it so filled with tenderness.
Sherlock feels John lift the hand that is holding Sherlock’s up to his mouth. Sherlock feels the touch of John’s breath before his lips descend and the feeling is so charged with intimacy that Sherlock shivers from the roots of his hair down to the tips of his toes.
Sherlock pauses again at the bottom of the second flight of stairs, lifting his hat to wipe away the sweat accumulating on his forehead, and freezes with his arm against his brow.
“John,” Sherlock said, pushing his face in against John’s forehead, nuzzling at the line of his hair.
Sherlock takes the invitation, greedy now with the taste of John under his tongue. He runs his hands down the backs of John’s thighs while his mouth moves up the length of John’s cock, barely touching, savoring the feel of the velvet heat of John’s erection against his lips, the sensation sending little white sparks of pleasure through him, skipping down his spine.
The sound of John’s voice in Sherlock’s ear only makes Sherlock hold on tighter, makes Sherlock pull John closer against him, desperately cataloguing every detail of sensation that’s available to him—the dull thudding of his heart where it’s pressed against Sherlock’s chest, the rough scrape of his unshaven cheek against Sherlock’s neck, the warmth of his fingers on Sherlock’s arm.
“God, how could they—how could anyone intentionally hurt you? My god, Sherlock, look at you.” John’s thumbs smooth over Sherlock’s cheeks, his blue eyes dark on Sherlock’s face. “I would beat each one to a bloody pulp just for thinking unkind things about you. I’d break their bones and drag their severed heads back to you as trophies.”
Sherlock is too horrified to know what to say.
The sound Roberts makes now is like the sound of a man who has just pushed himself back from the table after a fine meal.
This proved to be too much for Sherlock.
Once again, John’s silence is more expressive than any words he might choose. His anger seems to fill the space between them.
Lestrade looks as though he is summoning the last of his patience from far within the depths of the earth.
“Sherlock, love, look at me.”
Sherlock paces the length of his room, full of nervous energy. His whole body still feels like it’s vibrating from his confrontation with Ferguson and he’s bursting to tell someone about his discovery.
will tell you which boat you shall be on.”
“Ah.” The other man’s face cleared. “Well, then Dr. Watson, I’m sure you can understand that when a patient is making care impossible, one is required to do what’s necessary to get the patient under control.”
“I want you to hit me.”
His accent is so thick it takes Sherlock a second to understand what he’s saying.
He can still feel John’s mouth around him, the movements of his cheeks and tongue suggesting to Sherlock that he is swallowing down each burst of Sherlock’s pleasure as it issues from him, and that thought alone—
