With his foot still throbbing, Dean stops in the middle of the room, pushing up on his tippy-toes and craning his neck, searching for Sam’s shaggy head of hair.
With that, Dean’s pleasure spikes, sending him toppling over the edge with a choked off shout. Like a crashing wave, Dean comes, heat swelling and falling and swelling again like a never ending tide.
"No." He snatches up his robe and pulls it on, not bothering to look at her as he steps off the platform, his slippers slapping against his heels. He's never been this angry with her before—with anyone, really—but fuck, accusing him of cheating? And with his fight with Castiel unresolved, he's just tired of all this bullshit. Yeah, he's poor, and maybe not as well-mannered, or educated as the others, but that doesn't make him stupid or
“Offense to the Crown!” Castiel interjects, jabbing a finger at her like he’s solved all the world's problems with those four words. “It’s an offense to the crown, that’s what we’ll do.”
!” With shining eyes, she looks to some far off corner of the room. “I’ve never met anyone like her. She packed a lunch, and we went for a walk—you wouldn’t
“You’re so good to me,” Castiel says, a pleased smile lighting up his face as he takes his half of the roll and dips it in his broth. “What would I do without you?”
He takes the rose from Castiel’s fingers and spins on his heel, heading back to his platform without another word.
all eyes are on him. He doesn't need this right now, so he focuses on TV Castiel, who turns to watch him walk away, his face, empty of emotion, but his eyes, so full they could burst with tears at any moment.
So now, here he is, arm still in a sling, walking through the palace grounds at not-quite midnight, freezing his ass off as his rich best friend drags him away to some undisclosed location. If someone had told him a year ago that this is what he’d be doing today, he’d have laughed them right out of the kingdom.
“What’s up, bitches!” Dean’s head snaps up and his hands fly to cover his junk when a head of red hair pokes around the corner. “Dean, you feelin’ better?”
“Here,” he says, thrusting the package at Castiel without so much as a glance before busying himself with reorganizing his backpack as he waits for a reaction.
Dean drags one of the armchairs out of the sitting area to the side of Castiel’s bed, his back to the door so he can take in the rest of the room. “Nice place,” he says, eyeing the high, domed ceilings, wall of arching windows, and the length of the room from end to end. There’s a seating area just in the alcove adjacent from the bed, which sits just inside the door. Further in, the room transforms into a library, a grand piano sitting in the center, with doors shooting off into what Dean assumes are his closets and a bathroom.
He opens his mouth to let her have it, but stops short when steady fingers graze his thigh, catching him off guard enough that he glances over. Castiel smiles at him, reassuring, and Dean gets the message loud and clear—he doesn’t have to shout it to the world for it to be real.
He swipes at his tears, berating himself for being so weak. He needs to get himself together—be strong and deal with whatever comes his way. He can’t break down. Not right now.
“Good evening, and welcome to the second selection ceremony.” His deep, gravelly voice rolls over Dean, sinking into his bones and dragging him deeper into himself. “After tonight, nine of you will remain, and I will be sorry to see one of you go, but it is a sacrifice that must be made.”
As Dean shuddered and came down from the high of his orgasm, he pulled Cas to him, wrapping him in an embrace before kissing his face reverently. They laid there gasping for breath, chests heaving for a long time. Cas slowly pulled out of Dean and collapsed on the hunter’s chest with Dean running his fingers through Cas' glorious sex hair.
When Sam mentions it one night while the two of them catalog books in the library, Castiel tries to explain it, but he can’t find the right words.
What a sight they must make — Dean completely naked and flush to the wall with Cas still wearing most of his suit, his large, thick cock hanging out of the front of his pants, just waiting for Dean’s mouth. Perhaps it’s the sight of Cas looking so goddamn powerful (or the slight pressure on his shoulders) that makes Dean drop to his knees.
associated the word ‘sexy’ with his dorky and awkward angel. It painted Cas in a whole new light, especially now that he’s human….more on Dean’s level.
He sure wants to. Dean has watched Cas smite an entire army of demons, making heads roll and shredding bodies without so much as breaking a sweat. He’s thrown monsters across rooms and destroyed buildings. All of that angelic power on display...and not once has Cas rough-housed him in bed the way he truly wants.
“Castiel,” he bites, his deep voice rumbling through Dean’s body as warm breath ghosts over his ear. If they don’t get out of here in the next five minutes, Dean is going to have the most awkward public boner ever.
Castiel tells her about the night he lost his grace, the darkness that followed, the times when he’s felt like dead weight to the Winchester brothers who have no use for him anymore, how he’s a terrible human and sometimes he fears he won’t be anything but. He hates that feeling, whatever it is.
Dean cried out, his orgasm ripping through him as he screamed out Cas’ name, spilling into Cas' hand and on his own stomach. Cas followed him, the feeling of Dean spasming around his cock sending him over the edge with Dean’s name on his lips.
"Dean, c'mon, pay attention.” Sam rolled his eyes. “I’m pretty sure the necklace she’s wearing is carrying the enchantment. All we have to do is burn it with the other ingredients and the spell will be lifted.”
Dean briefly closed his eyes and swallowed around the sudden lump of fear, and arousal, in his throat. He felt the bed dip slightly under Cas’s weight followed by awareness of a pulsing heat radiating from Cas’s body. Dean finally pulled himself together and exhaled; his eyes darted about the room, looking anywhere but at the pissed off, now naked, angel hovering above him.
Dean nearly catapulted off the bed. They’d been so diligent, how could Sam have possibly found out? Cas answered his unspoken question.
Cas thrust his hips up, impaling Dean on his dick as he continued toying with his nipples. The relentless pounding started again, sending waves of pleasure cascading through Dean's body. Cas grasped Dean’s aching erection firmly in hand, stroking in time with his merciless thrusts.
When Dean’s molten green eyes finally met those diamond-cutting blue orbs, the oxygen was sucked from the room. Tension skyrocketed to alarming levels in the seconds before Cas’s mouth came crashing down on Dean’s lips.
“Dean,” Cas whispers in Dean's ear, though loud enough for Sam to overhear. “This is exactly what it looks like. There’s a reason it's called the rear naked choke.”
Dean knew it was too good to be true. He’s screwed up big time and now Cas is going to leave him. Flap away to Heaven or wherever...so long as it’s far away from Dean Winchester, who breaks everything he touches. He doesn’t deserve someone like Cas. He doesn’t deserve Cas’ friendship, their ‘profound bond’ or the stellar sex.
“I hate waiting to hear from them,” he finally replied. “And I’m not feeling well, but I’m not sure why.”
Simple things. Breathing, digesting, blinking, all the natural happenings he never allowed himself to feel when Jimmy’s body was just a vessel. Never had to.
Cas' fingers curled, rubbing against Dean’s prostate sending sparks firing up and down his body, making his back arch and his toes curl. Before Dean could come down off that high, Cas was inserting a third finger.
Dean is pacing in the kitchen. Cas is supposed to be there in 15 minutes for their afternoon workout and Dean still hasn’t reconciled with himself over yesterday’s kiss and his subsequent freak out. He’s tried talking himself out of it, he’s tried talking himself into it. Both are equally terrifying.
It’s hard with Charlie gone. He can’t talk about these jumbled feelings with the Winchester brothers like he could with her.
Dean didn’t have to worry much longer because Cas was already wrapping his partner up in his arms, pulling her in closely and slotting their hips together. The pair moved slowly, oh so slowly, shifting from one side to the other, grinding against each other.
“I wanted to show you how much I love you...in a way that you’d understand, a way without words,” Cas continued, responding to Dean’s unspoken thoughts. “I had something planned for this evening, but I didn’t anticipate…”
“Do you remember your safeword, Cas?” Dean wasn’t really into the whole BDSM thing, but he took a couple pages from the book, including the part about safewords. Since sensory deprivation was on his ‘Bucket List of Naughty Things To Do with Castiel,’ he talked to Cas beforehand making sure he was cool with everything.
“Huh?” Dean asked, confused by the outburst. Cas pulled back, locking gazes with Dean. His intense, carnal gaze softened with fondness before those warm hands came back up to cup Dean’s face.
Long, capable fingers reach for his waist, pulling his belt open and popping the button on his pants so forcefully that Dean’s hips snap back and forth with the force of it; he’s completely at Cas’ mercy and loving every second of it.
Dean placed his weapons of choice on the bedside table before leaning over to give Cas a chaste kiss.
Dean yelps when he’s pulled off the barstool. Candice and Chad - yeah, totally fake names - watch with wide eyes as Castiel drags Dean toward the back door. He shoots an apologetic look in their direction, hoping Candice finds another birthday present before the night’s out.
In the end, Castiel is the one to take down the wendigo on their first case. It’s an easy one, but Sam claps him on the back anyway.
He slumps down to the floor, one hand pressed to his chest, the other cradling his head as he lets the tears fall.
“I do not understand that reference, Dean,” he replied, resigned. “We need to get that necklace and since both of you dance like cows in China, I will be the one infiltrating the dance floor.”
Cas looped an arm around Dean’s neck, bringing their chests together, shirt fabric teasing Dean’s nipples.
Cas fucks Dean against the wall like it’s the last thing he’ll do on this green Earth. He pounds into Dean’s tight hole over and over again, aiming for his prostate every other thrust, until Dean cries out.
“Don’t." Dean's fist clenched at his side, fighting himself on what he wanted and what he thought he shouldn't. And when a shaky exhale fanned out over Castiel's thumb, he knew the hunter had made a decision. "Just... come here?”
Dean took a shaky breath and finally responded. “No. I’m not.” When he met the angel’s concerned blue eyes again, Castiel could see he was fighting back tears. “I lost him all over again,” Dean whispered.
It took Dean a painfully long second to realize Castiel wasn't passing the blame onto him, he just wanted Dean to understand his own actions and realize that it wasn't as black and white as
As soon as he was above ground the icy sting of December air nipped at his nose and cheeks. It wasn’t snowing now but there was a couple of inches still on the ground, most of which had been shovelled away for Baby’s sake. It was a quiet night; not even the music and rowdy conversations from the party could be heard outside.
While on their shopping spree Dean came across an all-year-round Christmas store that offered customizable ornaments, and Dean bought one for each of them with all their names carefully painted on.
Dean's thoughts were interrupted by the very person he was just about to think of. He wasn't surprised Cas followed him. He wasn't even upset the angel could sense his impending meltdown and felt the need to check on him. What irked him was the distance Castiel had purposely left between them.
Dean knows who he is now. He knows what he wants and he can finally admit it. He wants Cas. Now and for as long as they have left in this life. But most of all he wants to prove the former angel wrong.
was a viscous and unrelenting reminder of one of the things Dean hated most about himself. He built up resentment towards the angel because the alternative meant proving what Dean feared most. That he was a coward in the worst possible way, blaming others when he couldn’t cope, and worst of all that he didn’t deserve to be loved by someone who had always loved him so
This was Castiel’s first time celebrating Christmas since he made the decision to give up his grace and retire with them—or
"Dean, who is it?" Sam pressed further. At first he had sounded mildly curious, but now he sounded actually quite alarmed, and, oh. Dean must have a
“I do,” Castiel said, and he once again pulled Dean into his space, felt the need to repeat himself. Just because. "I do."
Dean wasn't sure if it was the comment about him or his car that pushed him over the edge, but he went crashing over it all the same. Every muscle tightening up and spasming as he clenched down on Castiel's dick, streaking the hood of the Impala in white stripes as the angel fucked him through it.
"Do you like that?" Cas prompted, grazing his teeth along Dean's left butt cheek, adding a light nip just to watch the hunter squirm. "Want me to fuck you with my tongue?"
And finally—the grand show stopper—a beautiful pine tree, closer to 9ft in height that Dean hand picked and sawed down in the woods out back. Dragging this sucker inside had been a bitch, and Sam chewed him out for leaving a trail of pine needles all the way down the stairs but the end result had been worth it.
“What else is there to say? You're pissed, you've made that very clear. But I’m not going through with it so what’s it even matter now? I told you and Sam we’d try and find another way. End of story.” Dean tried to push past him again looking for an escape, but a heavy hand dropped on his shoulder and forced him back in place.
Then Cas is gone, just like that, and Dean is left alone in turmoil. Sobbing into his hands like a child on the cold dungeon floor. On top of the confusion, shock, realization, and devastation of it all, Dean’s still fighting back the voice that now sounds suspiciously like his fathers. For the first time in his life Dean allows himself to win that battle with Cas’s parting words echoing back at him, loud and true.
. Dean found a Coke bottle ornament that he had the shop keeper paint over to look like a beer bottle instead for himself. Eileen’s insistent input landed her with an apple red bulb with an intricately painted snowflake on the front. Jack took a little longer to pin down but Dean eventually settled on a golden retriever puppy popping its head out of a stocking.
There was more movement beside him, Dean felt Cas leaning in again just to be closer, his gentle breath fanning over his arm, tickling his skin. It still got to him, Cas actually having to
the hunter could almost forget that Sam was still in the bunker, and if for whatever reason he decided to wander into the garage the imagine of his best friend ravaging his older brother on top of the car they spent
It didn’t take long for Dean’s moans to grow in volume as the pressure continued to build and build until he was openly panting with his cheek pressed against the wall. The pace Castiel set was at a deliciously torturous speed but Dean was starting to get desperate, needing something more to push him over the edge.
Dean briefly met the blue eyes staring back at him in the mirror before shaking his head and reaching for a nearby towel to dry his face. “S’fine. I probably deserved it.” Dean could feel the tingly sensation of eyes on the back of his head intensify.
The hunter licked his lips and nodded, a blush creeping its way up his neck and pinking his ears. That suited Dean just fine. He wanted the angel slow, fast, hard, soft and anything in between. It had been awhile since Dean let himself feel wanted, so if Cas was game Dean would agree to just about anything. Pleased by Dean’s eagerness, Castiel slowly removed his fingers, making Dean’s now fully erect cock twitch with anticipation of what he knew was coming next.
"Dean?" Castiel called softly into the receiver, now adding a hint of worry to the mess of emotions already racing through him. It sounded like Dean was driving. Maybe he had gone into shock.
When Dean finally found the courage to look at him, Castiel was already feeling warm and anticipating his next words.
To show Cas he could lean on the hunter like he used to, show him he was there, Dean consciously made a choice to press their knees together under the table for support. If Dean was being honest with himself (which he was getting better at, evidently) he was just as disturbed to hear all of this as Cas. He needed that anchor of physical connection to keep him grounded. When Dean felt pressure push back against his leg, he knew Cas understood and accepted the gesture wholeheartedly.
“It sucked. You not knowing who we were." Dean let out a breathy laugh sounding a little more like himself as Castiel cradled the back of his neck with his hand and started massaging the skin there. "That Castiel was kind of a dick. No offence.”
All at once the tension seeped from Castiel's posture and the anger that had previously been occupying his facial expressions morphed into a look of deep remorse that Dean didn't fully understand.
“No. It’s not," Cas argued fiercely, and the passionate determination in his voice forced Dean to look at him, to see the hurt and betrayal he had been trying to avoid since he learned that Sam had told Cas the truth. "You weren’t even going to tell me about this ridiculous plan of yours. You were going to sail off into the middle of the ocean and get Sam to lock you in a box and toss you overboard without even saying goodbye to me!"
Castiel was curious by nature. He reveled in discovering new ways to make Dean tick, and he soon found out that tying Dean up was one of them. They tried rope and handcuffs in the past which was fine — left some good bruises and rope burns a couple of times, talk about an awkward injury to try and explain to your little brother — but this little piece of fabric was almost more exciting because it was barely even tight on him.
Dean doesn’t let himself ponder too long on what all ‘this’ could entail. That sort of wishful thinking might just do him in before the night was even through. “What about you?” Dean tries shifting the attention back onto something a little less stupefying, but just as significant in importance to Dean. “Does celebrating your first Christmas live up to all the hype?”
There was no shortage of cruel remarks swirling around in Dean's subconscious to toss back in the angel's face, but every time he tried to focus on one his knees would start to buckle and remind him how tired he was. "I can't— I can't calm down, Cas. I'm still shaking." The angel's expression softened and he took a tentative step towards the hunter. Dean let him.
Dean leaned in and kissed him again, sighing contently as he curled his fingers around Castiel's coat lapels, holding him close, breathing the same air.
And maybe Dean only said it because he was feeling sensitive about what happened with John. Or maybe he had been trying to get it out for a long time now. It didn't really matter either way, as long as Dean heard from Castiel himself that he was doing enough, that he was enough just
"What's wrong?" Dean could picture Cas' head tilting to the side, squinted eyes staring at him worriedly through the darkness, even if he couldn't actually see him. It made Dean want to hide even more.
And suddenly Castiel was closing the distance between them. Dean found himself wrapped up in a tight hug. His arms hung loosely by his sides while Castiel's left hand pressed firmly into his back and the right cupped the back of his neck, gently stroking his fingers through the short hairs residing there. After a quick glance around purely out of habit, Dean gave into the comforting embrace and dropped his forehead onto the angel's shoulder. He felt too drained to do anything more.
“I’m not gay,” Dean tells Sam, unprompted, over a cup of coffee the next morning in the kitchen. His brother gives him a strange look but doesn’t say anything as he waits for Dean to elaborate. Still smelling of Cas from the night before and daydreaming about getting back to the former angel of the lord currently sound asleep in his bed, Dean smiles and repeats, “I’m not gay,” his grin only widening. “I’m bi. And I’m in love with Cas.”
Dean passed the bottle back and spread his legs as the cap popped open and a slick finger eased its way into his tight hole. Castiel took his time opening Dean up with deep, practised twists of his finger, eventually slipping in a second and then a third when Dean started to rock back on his hand. Castiel extended his chin over Dean’s shoulder and whispered into his ear in a low, tantalizing voice. “I want you slow.”
And there it was, the subtle permission Castiel had been waiting for to touch him, to try and establish a connection between them, let Dean know Cas was there for him if the hunter wanted him to be. Dean looked like a wounded animal as he watched Castiel take the few steps towards him and come to a stop a few inches in front of him. With a troubled crease in his brow Castiel lifted his right hand and carefully traced his finger tips over the red and purple bruising covering Dean's cheek.
Cas waited in Dean's bedroom until the hunter came shuffling in, dragging his feet and scrubbing a towel through his hair. His physical appearance looked a little better, but there was still a deep sadness in his eyes that only became truly apparent when Dean finally met his gaze from across the room.
The questioning inflection in Dean's voice broke Castiel's resolve. The two of them moved at the same time, arms wrapping around the other, holding each other tight. Dean nuzzled his face into the junction between Castiel's neck and collar bone, fingers digging into the trench coat at the angel's back. He lifted his chin a little so he could speak without sounding muffled.
Dean thought it might be a little on the nose to place a suspiciously similar looking angel figure of Castiel on top of the tree, and after Cas had given him
All Dean knew for sure was that he needed to protect his family. Even if it meant sacrificing himself. He would take on that role and be their shield. He would selflessly give up any future moments of happiness with his angel if it meant they would all make it out of this war in one piece.
Cas’s lips twisted into a conspiratorial little smirk as he jutted his chin out in front of him, gave a small nod towards the city, told Dean to, “Look,” and Dean did just that.
Dean was still on his knees, his fingernails scraping helplessly at the loose dirt by his sides. The hunter took slow deep breaths when he started to feel overwhelmed by the angel's heavy presence behind him. He didn't look back, even when Castiel quietly began speaking to him.
Castiel couldn't help but freeze at the sound of Dean's voice. The sound of Dean's moans echoing in his head as he awkwardly looked away and at Dean's feet. Remembering watching Dean get ready for work just before he had his panic attack. The feel of Dean's hands on his face, arms, back. He hoped no one noticed as he swallowed in discomfort. It was just a dream, nothing more.
All three spun around, coming face to face with the soul. The blue orb hovered in front of them, it’s light flickering as if it was losing its ability to stay in the air.
"I've never sung it solo, so bear with me." Castiel hummed his understanding. Dean cleared his throat and began.
She turned back to her mother. “Take care of Lynn, Ed, Marie, and Lizzy. They need you even though they pretend they don’t.” They both chuckled, holding back more tears.
Castiel shook his head. “No, you don’t. Look at her. She’s used up all her energy going back and forth and It’s not going to be long before she turns.”
“Her?” Castiel asked. When angels felt a human soul they only felt the energy. Jack was sensing more than him or Lailah could.
He felt heavy; like his body was going to drop through the bed and floor and down into the living room. Sleep hadn't helped and the morning sex just made his body tingle with exhaustion. He wanted to go back to sleep but he also wanted to drink some coffee in the backyard while he sat in his favorite chair and stared at the trees lining the edge of their property. It was something he did every morning since they bought the house 2 years ago but for some reason he wasn't sure he'd do it today.
“Hang on a second, guys,” Dean tried to reason, his voice quivering through the beating of his racing heart. “You don’t have to do this.”
He closed his eyes and sighed. If worse came to worse, he could just wipe her memory. Giving in, he let go of Jack’s shoulder and nodded.
A loud pop exploded from the fire, more smoke drifting up into the night sky. His heartbeat sped up in his chest, his vision slowly starting to blur as he stared at the burning logs. Of course he was having another panic attack, it only made sense. They seemed to be a staple of the day, what with this being the third or forth one in a 12 hour period.
He still remembered the fight. Dean yelling about what could happen if they stopped and Sam yelling about them having been stopped already since there was nothing to hunt. He remembered the whispers when they thought the non angel was sleeping, arguing over whether he was okay or not. He remembered the first waves of nightmares and Dean being there instantly. He remembered when the brothers announced they were retiring. He remembered watching Dean. He remembered the retired hunter hiding under the hood of the Impala and burying himself in beer. He remembered when Sam asked him to join him at the construction site. He remembered watching the stress fall off the retired hunter as the months went on. He remembered when they bought the house and Dean smiled all throughout the move. He remembered their first night in the house all alone.
The tree was nothing special, a simple blue spruce from a parking lot in town that Dean had picked up while Sam and Castiel had been at the store. It had been a pleasant surprise, seeing Dean struggle to line up the six foot tree to the base. Sam had dropped the bags in his hand to rush and help as Castiel stood and stared. Dean was going all out and a part of Castiel wanted to panic, but Sam’s words still echoed in his mind. Dean loved him and would do anything to make him smile. So that’s what he did. He smiled as the boys stood back to admire the slightly crooked tree. He smiled as they haphazardly strewn lights around the branches. He smiled as Dean handed him a mug of eggnog and smiled as Sam, the official winner, placed the star at the top.
Castiel moved from the doorway to give space as Jack ran back through the door and towards the bathroom. He smirked, shaking his head at the sound of the faucet turning on followed by the distinct sound of spitting in the sink. A few seconds later, the nephilim was running back through the door.
Castiel took a deep breath and turned around. He gasped as he felt fingers graze his sides and slowly slide across his stomach. His cock stirred with arousal as Michael pressed in behind him, then rested his chin over Castiel’s bare shoulder.
When Michael finally wrapped his hand around him, he involuntarily thrust his hips up into the heat. He couldn't help it; he needed to move, needed more, so much more.
Dean made a good point. He had forgotten how much Sam had also been hurting, had forgotten that he wasn’t alone. Maybe talking about it, as much as he didn’t want to, was actually the right thing to do?
“True, Ishim.” His voice involuntarily went tight. Although it was still early, Castiel could feel his rut sparking just below his skin. It itched in a way that drove him mad, or at least madder than this stubborn alpha already made him. If it wasn't for Lilly's strong flowery pregnant omega scent that filled their hut, Castiel feared he may have given into his rage by now and fought the demanding alpha.
There was something wrong, he was sure of it. Angels simply didn’t dream and, even if they did, they never dreamt as intensely and vividly as he had been. Ever since he had awoken, there was a heavy buzzing under his skin. As if the dream world was trying to come forward and force itself onto him. As if the human him was still there, a real being living through him in this other world. No, the real world. Human him was just a dream, even if a part of him was having a hard time believing it.
Castiel watched his omega carefully. He made a promise. Castiel didn’t break promises. He took a deep breath and nodded once. “I won’t.”
Sam shot a look him, studying his face. He tried to stay calm, not showing Sam how much he truly didn’t want to talk about Jack. That even thinking his name caused him immense amounts of pain, but he must have hidden his internal struggle well when Sam looked away and back at the sky.
"You mean a lot to me. I know that we don't talk as much anymore with you and Dean living together now, but I wanna change that."
The sun was setting now, the sky cast in a beautiful hue of orange and purple. Castiel would have taken the time to enjoy it if he wasn’t heavy with a growing fear and agitation. They hadn’t found the soul or Jack yet. With their luck the soul had probably already become a ghost.
With his underwear in hand, he stepped closer intending to place them with the rest of his clothes, but Michael took the opportunity to slide a hand up his stomach and flick one of his nipples, causing Castiel to gasp and drop them to the ground instead.
“Are you okay?” Tanya asked, hands touching her face, arms, hair, as if she was checking for scraps and bruises.
“Dean, these are human souls that don't belong on Earth. If they don't travel back into heaven they'll simply become ghosts and we don't want that.”
She shook her head. “No, I didn’t sense anything until we made our way across the tree line.” He hummed in agreement.
A single drop of sweat cascaded behind his ear. His rut was on its way, maybe by nightfall. Castiel didn't want to deal with another rut. The scentless still looked for him to provide more pups, and he hated himself for having given in three times -- two of which created Claire and Jack. He had never wanted to mate with any of them in the first place. It had been merely a business transaction made out of desperation.
A wide eyed and panicked Dean rounded to doorway and stopped dead when he saw Castiel pathetically sitting on the toilet with a scratched up bloody arm and a half bandaged hand. He just watched as the hunter instincts in Dean had him scanning the non angel before sweeping the bathroom. He wasn’t surprised by his reaction, with over three years of non monster activity, anytime anything fell out of place Dean was sure to overthink it, he just wished the insincts hadn’t come out due to Castiel's own stupidity.
The nephilim stood on the grass near the ferry, eyes wide in awe as the ramps opened up and the cars drove off. He was radiating pure energy, excited for a chance to drift across the lake. They inched closer as the last line of cars began to board, walking on themselves through the pedestrian ramp. The driver perched up above waved them on, smiling as Jack enthusiastically waved back. He had a way with the humans that the angel would truly never understand. The ferry began to roar as it closed the last ramp, slowly pulling away from the shore and heading across on the cables attached at each end.
Castiel looked up at the nephilim, taking in the fact that he was actually standing there in front of him. He was freshly showered, a toothbrush hanging from his mouth. There were bags under his eyes, proof that the nephilim wasn’t getting any proper sleep, but he still looked wide awake. If anything he looked excited.
A flash of memories came through at Leilah’s comment. Being scared and overwhelmed. Feeling vulnerable and exposed. Being human hadn’t been easy, especially in the very beginning. He was a being as old as time and yet, having his grace forced from him, being thrown to earth, he had never felt more young. Like a new life just born into a world that didn’t want him. A world that was unforgiving and gave very little sympathy to those that didn’t understand. He had felt weak at the time, but now, looking back, he realized just how strong he had really been.
There wasn’t a doubt in Dean’s mind that he wouldn’t do everything he could to heal the pain the alpha was experiencing. He only prayed that, when the time came, he could deliver on that promise.
Michael’s praise and continued stimulation against his perineum drove Castiel to insanity. Distantly, he was almost certain he was crying, but all he cared about was whether Michael would let him come this time or not.
No. There was no way it was just a dream. It had been too real. Far too real. This had to be a dream. Being here, a human, with Dean. He had to wake up, he just had to. Jack’s life depended on it. Gently pulling back from the embrace, he started to climb off of Dean and the bed, the wood floor warm against his bare feet.
"It's okay," Michael said. "I will never judge you for having reservations, but I can't help you if you don't tell me what's going on."
Dean glanced around and didn't see anyone. He forced them to stop before they got too close to the group of guards. Sam’s visor was still down, but he tried to reach his eyes anyways. "I do trust you, Sam. I do. But this ain't your plan, it's theirs."
Dean loses it, his feet stomping under the table, a silent laugh still stuck behind the ball of still unchewed meat almost falling out if his mouth. Castiel grinned, unsure of who Joe was or why the story was funny but enjoying the brothers light hearted stories all the same.
“Jack, can you feel anything?” Lailah asked as they all stood next to the railing, the lake passing by underneath them.
Castiel turned to see Inias-- the scrawny male omega of their village-- walking towards him. His long brown hair hid his pale face away and made him seem meek and fragile, falling into the stereotypical male omega body build. Although Inias was twenty-seven years old, he passed as a teen. The loincloth he wore only supported how thin and bony he was. Before, Castiel's type was usually men of his build and height, but, ever since Inias had joined them a few months back, he found he couldn't stay away from the boy. He wasn’t sure what it was exactly, but the omega had a way about him that drew him in. Maybe one day he'd figure it out, but for now, he'd just enjoy the omegas company.
Once again, THANK YOU SO MUCH for taking the time to read this fic! Ya'll are amazing and I love you all! <3
He paused, taking a deep breath to try and hold off the inevitable water works. “I feel like I’ve failed.” Sam looked at him then. “Not only did I fail Jack, but I failed the angels, heaven. He was supposed to save everyone, it was his destiny. Kelly believed it with all her heart and I promised to help him achieve that. All I helped him do was kill his father, and it was only after Lucifer…”
Dean nodded in understanding, the rubber band that had been pulling loosened a bit. Castiel was nearby and he needed to talk to the alpha immediately. He turned to face his brother one last time before all hell would break loose.
The nephilim was over a year old already, but there was so much he never got to experience; His first year filled with fighting and death and hatred and war, things a young child should never have to experience. He was glad the nephilim was able to find peace in small moments like this one. If he was destined to have Lucifer as a father, then Castiel was glad Kelly ended up being his mother; Her gentle spirit allowing the nephilim to feel things Lucifer was never capable of.
"-Dean, I need you to understand something." He took a deep breath. "I wasn't actively trying to hurt myself."
He wasn’t an angel anymore and he was never going to be. The angels were extinct. Heaven was gone. Jack was gone. None of it was ever coming back. Ever. He was going to be like this, this broken human, for the rest of this mortal life. Everything he knew, everything he had done, it was all for nothing. He lost everything and for what? To end up slowly rotting into death? A fraction of what he once was?
“What?!” Came Dean's not surprising reaction. He did seem far more upset than usual, causing Castiel to tilt his head in frustrated confusion. It was normal for Dean to argue with his decisions, but this was different. Strange even. Then again, he was still comparing real Dean to dream Dean, so maybe he was just being overly judgemental for no reason?
They both sat there, Cas in the kitchen chair and Dean kneeled between his legs. He watched as Dean looked down, his lower lip pulled into his mouth as he chewed it in thought. He knew that Dean knew what set him off. These panic attacks were nothing new, having one maybe once every few months. It started a few months after Heaven had finally faded away 4 years ago. Castiel had retained some of his angelic powers but with heaven gone they eventually all just disappeared. The worst day was when his wings faded. Dean knew the drill, but it never made it any easier on either of them. These past few weeks being even harder since it was the anniversary of heaven officially “going out of business” as Dean would sometimes say.
There was so much Dean wanted to thank the alpha for. Not for just keeping his promise, but for protecting him and making him feel safe. For caring for him. For everything. Cas had been just as much a prisoner as he had, and yet he did everything he could to make Dean feel safe, all while being in his own rut. Cas was a one of a kind alpha. You didn't just let alpha's like him go. He just hoped he’d get to see him again.
Duma, his pack's makeshift nurse, was settled furthest from the guard door, just south of the fire pit. She mainly kept to herself unless making her rounds to huts with pregnant omegas or those in heats or ruts that had a rough time. Their dome didn't have much for supplies, but Duma had managed to find some herbs and plants scattered around the area. The creek that ran through the west side of the dome came in useful to her for mixing her handcrafted remedies, but the rest of them avoided that water. They had only needed to get sick once before they rationed out the water bottles. It very quickly became a more logical choice.
“I’m not sure.” Castiel responded, reaching his own grace out to try and sense what the nephilim was. “But at least we know this to be a place of interest.”
I hope you liked this chapter. Like I said before, I'm not completely happy, but I got close in the end.
He wasn't unhappy, not really, he just felt numb. Well not just numb, his heart was pounding hard in his chest as he continued his thrusts, sweat dripping down his face from the exertion and the fact that they were still under a heat advisory and the air conditioning was still broken, but that was a physical sense. Emotionally, he just didn't really feel anything anymore.
Dean's hand slowly traveled up Castiel's chest as he continued to nuzzle against Castiel’s scent gland. His fingers played with the small bit of hair Castiel had there. "Having trouble keeping up, old man?"
Michael set down the bottle and moved closer. Castiel's eyes widened as he watched Michael’s hand reach out and felt his slippery fingers finally touching him. He gasped and tensed up as one finger slowly trailed its way along the underside of his member, from base to tip. He could feel his cock twitch from the stimulation, jerking up toward his stomach. Castiel squeezed his hands into fists and shoved them under his thighs to avoid reaching out and touching Michael.
The universe had given him every reason to give up, yet he never had. He came close, that one day, but he still made it through. It was a small amount of time, only a few months, but humans felt like that every day of their lives.
The world passed around them as Castiel maneuvered them down the old side roads. He remembered when driving used to infuriate him, taking much longer than flight. Now, after so many years, he'd grown to enjoy it. There was something comforting about taking his time, letting the world move slowly past him instead of in the blink of an eye. Of course they could have just teleported since, with Jacks help, all the angels were able to recover their wings. A smile grew on his face as he remembered that day, stretching his newly healed wings, taking off across the world and back in the blink of an eye. The brothers jumping when he popped into the library, something he hadn't seen in far too long. Laughing at them just before flying off again. It was a day to never forget.
Dean touched this own neck self-consciously and covered the bite mark. "That’s the least of our problems."
He reached up to rub his eyes, the feeling of wetness very much present. When he pulled his hand away, a small puddle was now there. “Odd.”
Castiel braced himself and inclined his head in the affirmative. He had come for a reason; he had sought out Michael specifically to have some sort of sexual encounter before he graduated a completely inexperienced virgin.
The two men just sitting and watching the stars as the fire crackled in front of them. He didn't want to admit it, but Dean had been right. Knowing that Sam felt similar to him, that he wasn't alone in his feelings, it helped.
When he drew in a breath to reply, Castiel was embarrassed to find that he was practically panting. "S-sorry."
Castiel blinked, stunned to think that he’d have any sort of visceral effect on someone who did this for a living. Part of him felt like he should comment, say something--anything--to him, but that’s not what he was there for. Michael was used to doing things like this and had probably decided to add that aspect to his performance to make people feel more comfortable. His wrecked sounding voice, more than likely, had nothing to do with Castiel himself.
“Do I even want to know what kind of kinky shit you guys have been getting up to?” Sam chuckled as he stepped over the broken door pieces before heading over to the fridge and pulling out a beer.
Cas pulled Dean’s attention back to him by resting his hand on his shoulder and pulling him away. Dean’s shoulder lit up from the alpha’s touch and his inner omega sighed from the much needed contact. Cas was safe, warm, and home. Though his brother was far away once again, he knew, after their week together, that he could trust the alpha with his life. The alpha had proved himself of that within their first twenty-four hours together.
Castiel blinked his eyes open to see Dean --one hand in his pocket, the other wrapped around a yellow mug-- standing above him.
Dean shuffled on his feet. The emotions rolling off Cas were making him almost dizzy. He placed a hand on his stomach to try and tame the flips his stomach was doing. When he looked up, Castiel's eyes were blown wide.
Castiel nuzzled in closer. Inias's scent washed through him with every deep breath he took. He imagined he could stand there with Inias through his entire rut. Unfortunately, the omega pushed against his chest, keeping him at arm's length.
Castiel stepped forward. He could tell the nephilim was going to accept her ask, no questions, and every part if him knew that it was a very bad idea.
He could use this moment to smite the area, but the humans were too close. If he wasn't careful he could hurt them. The risk was too high.
“Hey hey hey. It’s okay, it’s going to be okay. I got you.” He felt his body being pulled forward, arms wrapping around him.
She nodded in agreement. “Let’s be sure to track the strongest energy when we reach the other side. The faster we can find the soul the better the chances are of avoiding it becoming a ghost.”
“Look, the two of you never talk about him! Jack was important to you, Cas. He was the reason you had gotten mixed up with Kelly in the first place.”
Castiel sighed as Dean finally stepped into the bathroom. He made his way over over to him, sitting on the lip of the tub across from the bleeding non angel. Gently, Dean reached out and took Castiel’s bleeding half wrapped hand. He watched as Dean surveyed the damage, slowly and carefully removing the ace bandage. As the last bits of bandage were taken off and the hand was freed it revealed bruises and blood littered all over and a few knuckles swollen to twice their size.
Keeping his eyes closed, Castiel drew in a deep breath through his nose, and held it before slowly releasing out. Milo purred at his feet in the grass, enjoying the warm sunspot that bled through the tree branches. He wasn't using his claws on Castiel's foot, but he certainly wasn't not using his claws. The little shit. The two of them had their routine and it warmed Castiel's heart that he had a tiny friend to share his emotional journey with.
“Lilly, you’re due anytime now, correct?” She nodded without a word. “So, maybe they’ve decided to take you for the birth as they did for Emily and Timothy.” Castiel offered.
Micheal hummed and scratched Castiel’s belly lightly. The sensation helped Castiel relax enough to sigh and adjust his stance to be more comfortable. He was still shaking but far less than he had been a moment ago.
“They said they grabbed you, fighting the whole way. That doesn't sound like an angel that intentionally killed thousands of their own kind.”
Castiel shook his head to rid the scene that was still playing in his head, licked his lips, and toed his shoes off by the door. Michael pulled his desk chair out and sat on it backward, legs spread, as he waited for Castiel to take a seat on the futon. Knees bent to his chest, he squirmed a bit as he sat on the low-slung couch, but stopped when he heard Michael quietly chuckling.
There were many reasons why he enjoyed watching the humans and putting them into words was difficult. “Humans are very different from us, well angels. When born, they start so small and require full amounts of care and attention from their parents. It takes them many years to grow and learn and, when their done, they continue to move around their world with only a fraction of the knowledge that we have. They are very ignorant to the ways of the universe, making them innocent and fragile, and yet we still have so much to learn from them.”
Dean sighed. "I was afraid of that" He slowly reached across and placed his hand on Castiel's arm. "Will you eat first?" Castiel felt himself lean into the touch, desperate for his omega. He wasn’t hungry for food. He needed more touch and he needed it now. He felt the fingers around his arm tighten, dragging his attention back up. "Please?"
Impala's expression slowly turned into a grin, and his tongue peeked out between his teeth in a way that Castiel knew was meant to be a tease. He wished he had run when he had the chance.
Sam put his head down low, close to his ear. "You have to find a way out. Get all the omegas and pups to the garden. We'll take it from there."
Lailah continued to stare at him for a few more seconds before nodding and turning away from the door walking away. “The location is only a mile from here. Lets go.”
Castiel sighed. "I just…," he paused and looked down at the underwear, now covering his modesty. How could he explain?
Sufficiently soaked, Castiel moved his hand back to the omega’s cock and took hold. His omega thrusted his hips forward and groaned deep. A shiver made its way down Castiel’s spine at the sound. His cock slid along the omegas perineum as he pressed forward. The omega gasped and dropped his head down.
Ishim’s habanero scent lingered while his fingers rubbed the salt and pepper stubble on his chin. After a moment of contemplation, he nodded and sighed. “Fine. But I’m still not happy.”
Castiel reached over to turn the radio. Music filled the car as they continued on their journey. Jack may be parent-less, but he wasn't without family. Hopefully a few saved souls would help the nephilim feel more accomplished.
Deep down, Castiel knew he wanted to do this, he wanted it more than anything, but another part of him was terrified. He'd never done anything like this before. No handjobs, blowjobs, or even heavy petting. Nothing. Here, with Michael, this moment was going to be his first sexual encounter with another person, and he had no idea what to expect. Sure he'd watched porn--lots of porn--but standing here, half-naked in front of a gorgeous stranger, was nothing like the videos he'd seen; not even the ones Balthazaar had made him watch.
The feel of the bed dipping next to him had him opening his eyes. The room was brighter now with the sun fully up. If Castiel had to guess, it was probably 5 or 6 in the morning.
Castiel wiped his brow as he stepped back out into the clearing. This particular rut seemed to affect him more than it usually did. Not once in his two years there had his own village's scents overwhelmed him as they did now. One more hut, and he’d be free to go to Inias and let go.
Dean sped past the guest bathroom towards the master bedroom. Cas sighed, he really didn’t have the energy to explain everything to Dean right now but he could only imagine what the downstairs looked like to a surprised Dean.
Four years of being human and not once had he ever had the experience of watching the Winchester brothers bicker over who was putting the star at the top of the tree. In fact, he’d never seen them bicker over it as they had never put a tree up before. Castiel wasn’t sure why they never had. He didn’t even remember talking about Christmas before at all. That realization would have bothered him, but now that he had the chance to witness Dean attempt to put up lights on the roof, he was already planning on doing it all again next year. If only to watch the older Winchester curse at inanimate objects.
The rest of the ride was spent in silence from the group, the only noises being the roar of the engines and the occasional car doors opening and closing as travelers exited their vehicles to admire the views before climbing back in as they inched closer to the other side. There were many views that Castiel admired after all his years; this was one to remember. Not only was the view of the sun eclipsed by the railroad tracks that stretched across the lake stunning, but also the sight of Jack having the experience for the first time.
“I do.” He said with honesty. “I miss the heaven from before the fighting, the apocalypse. When all my garrison had to do was watch over humanity and protect them from unknown threats…”
The stove, according to Dean, was probably from the 80’s and the kitchen tiles were old. The grout was black from poor maintenance but the faucet was brand new. Castiel didn't know much about kitchens but Dean said the last time it had been updated was probably 1995, whatever that meant. He was content, but if changing and updating made Dean feel more at home then who was Castiel to complain? So long as Dean was happy then he was happy.
He sighed. Jack was so sure he was right and Castiel wanted him to be, but Lailah was also right. He looked to Jack who stood defeated before him. “He has a point, Lailah. I think we should continue forward to the graveyard.” She frowned. “If we don’t find anything, we can double back.”
Castiel and Lailah both looked up at a waving Jack. He was standing in front of a small gravestone, much smaller than the rest. The closer they got to the stone, the stronger a feeling built. They were definitely close to the soul and definitely close to solving this case. Once Castiel rounded the stone he was able to read the name.
Many of the trees were starting to shed the colorful leaves they had bared, piles of colors lining the opposite side of the road where the shoulder became over run by bushes and trees. The power lines that stood before them, as if a wall keeping the earth away from traveling humans. The lake that sat at the right, view blocked by the line of trees between him and the railroad tracks that were gradually lifting the closer they got to their destination.
The autumn sun beat down on them as they made their way down the side road. There were no sidewalks where they were, only a shallow shoulder that dropped down into the rocks where the lake washed up. Train tracks laid just above, as if a haven for anyone who tumbled down, saving them from falling into the rocks and lake below. Every few minutes a car would pass by from either direction, none of them giving the odd trio a thought, but leaving a gust of wind behind to rustle at his coat.
I'm not entirely happy with how the last scene turned out, but I feel like I hit all the points I wanted to. Dean is an emotional ball of fire that I sometimes struggle to rein in LMAO
Another was coming from his right, begging for help. For his help. It too was warm, almost hot. Reaching out to try and take him. He wanted to be taken, to be led somewhere, taking his decision for him. It was familiar, the voice, but he couldn't quite place it.
“Shh shh shh, it's alright. Come back to me, Cas. You're safe, it's okay. I'm here. Cas, babe, please come back to me.”
Castiel narrowed his eyes at Dean, a witty retort sitting on the tip of his tongue. Deciding to just accept what he got, he turned towards Jack and nodded for him to follow back down the hallway. “I'll keep in touch.”
Dean listened, only speaking when he had a question about something. They ate their food, drank their tea and beer, and talked for hours. For the first time in Castiel's few years as a human, he felt content. Ever since they had started their new relationship, Castiel thought he knew everything about Dean. What would make him angry or sad or happy, but Castiel had been wrong. He didn't need to hide things from Dean, if anything hiding made things worse. Communication was essential to healthy human relationships, and he knew this now. He could change. He could be better.
He tilted his head in confusion. There was something hidden behind her eyes, thoughts she was trying to hide from him. She looked away, shaking her head.
It wasn't long before he finally decided to move, climbing back up the stairs and into their bedroom. If he couldn't calm down now then there would be no way he could calm down before they headed out after dinner. He barely remembered to strip out of his jeans and shirt before he was collapsing onto his bed letting sleep finally take him back over.
Red tinted Dean’s cheeks. He reached behind to rub the back of his neck. Castiel found it cute. "Umm. I'm not much of a singer, Cas."
She whimpered and pulled back as Castiel attempted to touch and heal it. “He did something to me so I can’t heal myself!”
Dean rolled his eyes in forced agreement. “Yea, well, haven't you done enough? I mean if it wasn't for you, Heaven wouldn't even exist right now.”
He paused, a shiver crawling up his vessels spine as he turned towards the nephilim running up behind him. Shock hit him as he realized Jack was alive. Hadn't Jack died? How could he be here smiling right in front of him?
They made their way back into the graveyard, walking around the parked car. A woman was standing in front of the small gravestone, flowers in hand having not noticed them yet. Not wanting to disturb her, he motioned for Lailah to stay back with him.
The images of that day flashed behind his now closed eyes. If he tried hard enough, he could even hear the sounds of the blade as it entered Jack’s chest. His own screams as he yelled out for the nephilim, moments too late. Jack’s eyes meeting his before exploding with light. The burnt remains of his tiny wings stretched out beneath his body, barely half the size of what they could have been…
The need was consuming him, making him dizzy. Sweat was pouring off of him. His muscles were tense. His knot was growing. He wasn’t hungry for food, he was hungry for his omega. But the omega needed something from him. A memory. Why?
Castiel looked up and met his gaze. The rubber band that had been loosening relaxed all in one go. Dean released all the air from his lungs that he hadn't even been aware he was holding back. Cas was alive. Cas was safe.
Jack stepped back in shock, eyes drawn down to his own hands. “I...I’m sorry. I don’t know what that was. I just wanted you to stop.”
“But why do you wanna take Jack too? No offense Jack, but, your powers are still spotty and while you've come a long way the past year, you're still a little... unpredictable.”
Kelly nodded a “Yes, alpha” before she turned to grab Amelia’s mate, James, attention. He usually helped with rations as some of the other alpha’s didn’t appreciate orders on what they could and couldn’t eat by an omega. How anyone could still be that archaic was beyond him.
Castiel wriggled in the chair as, once again, Michael’s hand wrapped around his throbbing cock. He whimpered and settled back against Michael’s body. Michael massaged and teased and drove Castiel absolutely insane. For a while, he would just pump, then he'd squeeze and twist at his head, then he'd let go and swipe a finger down his over-sensitive vein. Sparks shot through his limbs with every touch, lighting up his senses. He felt more alive than he'd ever felt before. It was as if Michael knew precisely where Castiel wanted to be touched without needing to be told. He was a fucking mind reader.
The two guards stalked away and the two brothers stood still a moment as they watched them disappear around the bend of the hallway. Sam gripped his arm once they were gone and dragged Dean swiftly down the hallway and into a small alcove that housed a fire extinguisher.
Cas pushes his hips forward, the head of his cock brushing across Dean’s mouth, smearing the cum from his cheeks across his lips and back again. He continues this, using Dean’s perfect cock-sucking lips as he pleases before putting a slight bit of pressure on Dean’s bottom lip. When Dean opens to take Castiel’s cock inside of his tight, slick mouth, they both moan — one in pleasure, one in excruciating need.
“How about you?” Dean asks, glancing over at her. She’s clearly beyond the age of a college student, but not yet 30, he thinks. Blonde hair in loose curls falls over her shoulders and her large brown eyes are warm and inviting. She probably works downtown in the marketing department of some nondescript company. Tasteful cleavage and showcase curves to boot.
Dean tried pushing up on Cas’s forearms, pulling down on them, prying at his fingers. Nothing worked. He tried to recall the tips Castiel had shared with him over the last few days, coming up with something about using body weight and momentum instead of muscle and force. His eyes flicked to Castiel, who was watching him intently, as if following Dean’s thought process.
Dean should apologize, he should kiss Cas and tell him it won’t happen again, he should calm the angel down before he wakes the neighbors or has a coronary. But when has Dean ever done what he should?
“Purgatory,” Cas breathed, unsure of what to expect next. Dean kissed him again, loving the feeling of those full lips against his own.
He shuffles into the kitchen one night asking Dean to teach him to make pie, tries not to look at his lips when they part in surprise.
On more than one occasion he woke up hard and aching, rutting into the mattress with a whispered name on his lips. When he finds release picturing green eyes and freckles, he feels ashamed.
Light grey like Sam’s jacket. Like that spaceship in the TV show he watches with Dean. The little pieces in the game that makes Sam laugh when Dean angrily throws paper money in his face.
Cas’ fingers continue invading his tight hole as teeth nip at his neck, collarbones and bottom lip. Dean pants through the pleasure and the pain.
Dean whined. He still wasn’t used to accepting Cas’ praise, especially not in a situation like this. It was too...intimate. Something Dean would probably never get used to, if he’s being honest.
Dean raised his arms above his head and clasped his palms together, swinging down and to the left as if using an axe. The shift in body weight produced the intended affect and Castiel’s arms were knocked to the side, freeing Dean from the hold.
of Cas, underneath his hips. He could lower his chest just a little and they’d be pressed together. Dean tried not to freak out, but his eyes widened a fraction at the thought of being so close to Cas, being
Dean rushed back to their room to shower and prepare himself for a most interesting evening. His plan isn’t well thought out, more of a rough draft with some loose ends, but damn if he ain’t going to use what Chuck gave him. He threw on a pair of dark wash jeans, a tight green henley that makes his biceps
The hunt was easier than expected. Dean left Sammy and Cas to deal with cleanup as he went back to the hotel to
Cas starts to move and Dean knows there’s no turning back from here — that Cas is going to fuck him until he begs for mercy, until he definitely won’t be able to sit tomorrow, until feeling Cas’ punishment for days is a guarantee.
After he preheated the oven and gathered the utensils, Dean moved seamlessly around the kitchen, chopping vegetables, whipping up a homemade barbecue sauce, skillfully avoiding Cas' narrowed gaze. When his back was to Cas, Dean made a conscious effort to flex his arms and shoulder muscles as he moved. When he placed the pan of barbecue chicken in the oven, he bent at the waist, thrusting his ass in Cas' direction...and you bet your bottom dollar he stayed there as long as reasonably possible.
When she plopped down on the couch with two mugs of hot cocoa and a gentle smile, he really should have known.
Now that he’s with Cas, though, things are different. He doesn’t have to worry about leaving marks, pounding too hard, or fucking too fast. He knows Cas can take it - he’s an
Dean thought about his plan as he gathered clothes and a towel for the shower. Breakfast footsie went well and the kiss in the garage also seemed effective, albeit impromptu. The shower is going to require a bit more preparation. He locked the door and quickly painted warding sigils all over the bathroom to prevent Castiel from entering. When he was satisfied the sigils, he turned on the hot water and undressed. As he waited for the water to warm up, Dean thought his first prayer.
He hung up the phone and threw it on the counter before bringing his hands down to Cas' head, bobbing up-and-down on his now rock hard erection.
Dean made his way to the Impala parked behind the diner, kicking gravel along the way. Cas wasn’t far behind him.
Dean began stroking himself eagerly, his right hand setting a decent pace that would get him to the finish line within a matter of minutes. His left hand curled underneath his ball sack, index finger circling his tight hole before making entry. He continued praying to Castiel as he jerked himself off, a mixture of unintelligible moaning, thoughts about Cas filling him up, ‘
They all play games, watch movies, study lore. Slowly, he starts participating more, and the smile Dean gives him is enough for him to do it again.
Cas unceremoniously dropped Dean on the bed, angel mojo stripping him before he even hit the mattress. His lips and eyebrows quirked at the sudden nudity.
on Dean’s part, but not to worry, he’s formulated a plan and it’ll start right here at the breakfast table.
Dean’s stomach growled loud enough to be heard over the TV. Better to stop this train of thought before he changes his mind about seducing his best friend. He clicked the power button and turned to Cas.
“Of course I do, Dean,” Cas murmured. “I just wasn’t sure how to bring it up and I wasn’t sure if you’d even want that.”
Cas was behind him again, one hand on the small of his back, the other lining himself up to Dean’s swollen entrance. The head of Cas’s cock pushed into him slowly, penetrating the first ring of muscle before slamming into him, both groaning loudly when Cas bottomed out. Dean felt an instant sweat rise to the surface of his skin, Cas inside him and stretching him making his body run hot and cold at the same time.
He stares unblinkingly at Dean until the man swallows hard and starts to look worried. He speaks again.
Cas reached his arms around Dean’s chest, pulling him up into a sitting position so that his back was against Cas’s chest. Dean relished the momentary recess his ass received as Castiel changed their position. The angel then pinched and pulled on Dean’s nipples, causing him to cry out.
Hearing his name on Castiel’s lips, begging for him in that rough, deep voice was a turn on in and of itself. Dean was impossibly hard now and hesitant to draw this out much longer. He said a quick prayer to Castiel in his head.
With a cheeky grin and a quick kiss to the left of Cas' mouth, Dean dropped their plates in the sink and left to find Sam on the porch. He planned on checking out the lead then stopping at the store on the return trip, putting him back at the house in time for dinner. Unless the lead actually turned into a hunt, in which case Cas and Dean would load up and meet him.
or something. Chuck help him, he's turning into a freakin' girl. Okay so, he's having sex with his best friend, who happens to possess a male body. And yeah, this little plan of his is supposed to culminate in Cas ramming him where the sun don't shine, but that's because of the whole possessing-a-male-body thing. But Cas is actually an
With all of the blood rushing south to his Johnson, his brain is on lower power mode, so he can’t be blamed for not catching Castiel’s eyes narrowing and the look of understanding donning his face. It’s just something that’s happening, he sees it, but can’t process the meaning.
“Okay, grab the necklace and light up some matches – got it,” Dean summarized. “And how exactly do you plan on getting the necklace? There’s a dance competition going on right now, you can’t just walk up and – ”
“I’m going to go take a shower,” he whispered, silently thanking Chuck that Sammy was out of the house so he could be as handsy as he wanted. When he planted a wet kiss on Cas' neck, the angel became visibly flustered and dropped a plate in the sink. Dean almost felt guilty for the teasing Cas was to endure today.
What a revelation. Dean’s dick twitched at the thought, even if his face is frozen in surprise. He was achingly hard, leaking precome, as he watched Cas raise up to hover over him.
Cas trailed one hand down Dean’s stomach, circled his belly button, then glided back up to his chest. He rolled one of Dean’s hardening nipples between his thumb and finger as he took the other in his mouth, nipping gently at the hard bud. Dean moaned and wriggled beneath Cas as he continued this torture, bouncing back and forth between the two tips.
Dean is divested of his clothing in a matter of seconds and reduced to a quivering mess not long after. Not once has Cas let up, giving him a chance to catch his breath or hell, even participate. There are lips and hands and teeth all over his body, ratcheting up his sensitivity to a concerning degree.
Dean squirted some lube on his fingers and knelt between Cas’s legs once more. As he took Cas in his mouth again, his fingers circled Cas’s tight furled hole before slipping one digit inside him. Dean continued to work Cas’s cock with his mouth and open him up with his hand until the angel was a trembling mess, begging for more.
Castiel opened his eyes and got to his feet, eager to keep going. Michael was already standing, his fingers twisting in a signal for him to turn around. Castiel did as he was told and turned his back to Michael. Like before, Michael pressed up behind him, his hands, now covered in lube, slipped across Castiel’s stomach. One hand trailed up and pinched his nipple. Castiel gasped and tilted his head back again, resting it against the side of Michael's head. Sparks of pleasure shot straight to his dick from the added stimulation.
Castiel slowly shook his head. He could feel his inner alpha fighting his way forward demanding attention. In one second he wanted to run from Dean, in the next he wanted to throw him across the picnic table and show him what a real alpha was capable of. He had to be careful, let the omega know. He had to.
"What?!" Dr. Adler sprinted out of the room.  He stalked up to Dean and grabbed his chin to force it to the side. Dean groaned and snarled from the force. "You've got to be kidding me!" He released Dean's face and stepped back. "You'll give it up for any old knot won't you, bitch?
With that, Dean finally leaned back in his chair and stood just before giving Castiel a smirk he had learned to understand to mean ‘we’ll continue this later’.
Stepping through the trees, a line of cars boarding a ferry came into view. “There.” Jack stated, a large smile on his face.
“All in time, Amelia,” Cas soothed the omega. “He’s just arrived and I need to show him to our hut.” The omega cast her eyes away and nodded. The others were not too far behind them, watching carefully.
Castiel took the bowl from her hands with a real smile. "We've been through this, Hannah." He said soft but firm. "I'm not the head alpha. You don't need to bring me my food. I can fetch it myself."
Tanya shook her head. “It’s okay. I have a teenager of my own. Kids will be kids, right?” Castiel nodded. He wasn’t quite sure what she meant but he’d learned over the years to just nod when humans said strange things.
The ramps lowered once again, allowing everyone off on the other side. A few humans darted across the street towards their parked cars to drive onto the once again boarding ferry, one man nearly tripping as he attempted to jump over the barrier, scrambling for his car.
There's a million in one reasons why this chapter took over a month to get out, but I won't bore you with specifics. Real life can be a bitch and sometimes no matter how badly I wanted to get back to these boys, I just couldn't feel it. Thankfully I managed to climb out of the slump and finish this!
Jack/Haley shook their head. “It doesn’t matter. He’s helping me get a few moments with you before I go back to heaven.”
At the top of the incline, the road came to a T. The right seemed to head further into town while the left seemed to head out of town. Jack studied both directions, every few seconds closing his eyes. The third time he looked towards the left he inched forward a few steps.
His sister stared at him, most likely searching his thoughts. It took every bit of grace to try and hide his dreams from the inevitable probe. There was no need for anyone to know about his dreams. They were just dreams and would stop eventually.
The chapter is 2 weeks behind and I apologize!! I changed it multiple times and took out an entire scene. I'm not sure if I like it but I guess we will see if you do.
Dean finally managed to swallow the bite in his mouth before howling and slamming his hand on the table. Castiel chuckled as he quietly reminded Dean to be careful before he smashed the glass on their new patio table.
Castiel moaned when Michael’s other hand grasped his cock and resumed pumping. Castiel's hands shot behind him and gripped Michael's thighs. He needed to hold on to something, anything to avoid grabbing Michael's hands. Castiel never knew it could feel that good. Never in his life would he have ever guessed that he would feel like that. Heaven was indeed a place on earth.
The hut Castiel led him too was closest to the entry, facing away. It looked more worn than the others, and slightly smaller, but if Cas had been living in it alone, Dean supposed Cas had decided there was no need for him to have a larger space. The inside was bare spet a large cot pushed up along the far corner. Dean stopped near the center of the hut to take it all in. Two years Cas had spent in the empty hut. Two years of solitude and grief. Dean’s heart broke.
Everything seemed normal; nothing quite out of place. Maybe he was overreacting? Maybe the dreams were just a side effect of his restored grace. Maybe there was nothing wrong at all.
Jack stepped closer again. “She wants you to know that she doesn’t blame you for anything that happened. It was a medical accident and it was not your fault, no matter what he tells you.”
What the hell did that mean? Sam gave him a look before stepping up to let the guards holding Dean push him towards his savior.
Castiel blinked up at the brothers, Dean leaning towards him and Sam still leaning back, both with concern on their faces. He hated it. Clearing his throat, he pushed his chair back and stood up, gesturing to both of them with his non bandaged and newly slung arm.
He allowed himself to be pulled away and maneuvered to look her in the eyes. She caressed his cheek once again.
“I stubbed my toe.” Was all Castiel could think to say. Dean was still leaning on him, both hands still caressing his legs.
Castiel watched as the older hunter made his way back into the house. The look on Dean’s face had told him he wasn’t angry, but frustrated. It made sense. He, and apparently Sam, had been sulking through the last four years, both of them trying to bury their memories of Jack with him. Dean wasn’t a therapist, far from it, but Castiel knew he had a point. It was time.
Castiel squeezed his eyes shut willing that voice to go away. Today was going to be and had already been, hard enough. Dreaming about and hearing his voice? That was something he could do without.
“Thank you.” She met his eyes with a small smile. In that moment he allowed himself to believe that maybe, just maybe, things between him and heaven could be resolved.
Dean leaned down and kissed him. “As fast as baby can go.” They both chuckled before finally letting go of one another.
The distant hum of rain falling against the dome echoed through the hut. It was a peaceful silence. Birds stayed quiet, rodents weren't scurrying through the bushes, and being alone in their new prison meant there wasn't anyone milling about outside. Castiel shifted his right arm over his head to try and block the sunlight streaming in through the back window. Dean hummed and shuffled a bit before resting back against Castiel's side. As gruff as the omega tried to be, when he allowed his inner self through Castiel noticed just how much Dean required touch. It was a thin line they were walking in how intimate they should be with one another, but he hoped Dean wouldn't hide from him again.
Michael's hand wrapped around Castiel’s cock again; only this time, there was nothing soft or slow about it. Michael gripped him tight and pumped him like his life depended on it. Castiel shouted out as his climax quickly rushed to the surface.
Glancing at the clock on the night stand between their beds, it read 8:27 am. He had been asleep for about 8 hours and he could feel it in his vessels body. It had been a very long time since he had slept for that long.
Castiel huffed through a growl. Deep in his subconscious he remembered. A promise he'd made. He wasn't supposed to knot the omega. But why? Why deny the privilege, the utopia, of being knotted?
“Shit, the kid had even grown on me too over time. I know that I don’t understand what you two are going through, but I do know you’re going through the same thing. Just…” He paused to run his hands through his hair. “Maybe I watch too much Dr. Phil on the weekends, but, please talk to each other. I can’t keep watching you two mope around through life. It’s been 4 years.” In finality, Dean stood up and walked away.
I'm not a huge fan of the actual interrogation scene, but I've been staring at it for months and decided to just leave it and let it go.
The three of them watched as the last bits of sunlight washed away, the stars finally coming out. They littered the clear night sky around the very visible milky way. The view was one of the main reasons he had put his stamp of approval on the house. Just close enough to town to not be a hassle but far enough to avoid what Sam had called “light pollution”. He knew, of course, that there were millions more things to see in the night sky, but his human eye would never be able to perceive it. A sinking feeling filled his gut at the thought. One more reason to feel miserable.
Castiel’s softened erection stirred as Michael trailed the cool, soft underwear from his lap. He removed them so leisurely that Castiel could have counted the fibers as they crossed over his sensitive head. Tossing the garment to the other end of the couch, Michael leaned forward and traced his fingers along the length of Castiel’s cock, which perked up with renewed interest. Castiel hissed in a breath through his teeth when Michael rubbed a thumb across the slit and pulled it away, damp.
Jack stopped in front of him, a big smile still on his face. Castiel gave his own forced smile in return. “Hello, Jack.”
Glancing over a Jack, he gripped the steering and cleared his throat; something he didn't actually need to do but did anyways. “It can be hard to lose a parent, no matter the circumstances.” He looked away as Jack made eye contact and was now watching him closely now. “Losing two must be very hard. I don't wish to upset you unnecessarily.”
Milo jumped off him and the bed, Castiel watching as the black and white cat wandered over towards the bedroom door. He sat up on his elbows, pillow crushed between his arms, as he watched the cat with interest. Milo looked back at him and moewed again.
“Maybe…” Dean shifted and took a deep breath. “...maybe you should all talk about it.” Castiel slowly looked up at Dean. Was he crazy?
She reached a hand out and rested it on his arm. “No, but it shows remorse. Taking in all those souls it made you more powerful than an archangel. It changed you. Being sorry shows evidence that maybe, just maybe, it wasn't you that killed those angels, but the souls you had taken in.”
This chapter is quite long. I was going to split it into 2, but there just wasn't a good enough place to do so, and I had already committed to 8, so have a 7k+ chapter. PHEW
Dean nodded. “Sort of. He’s a little hazy on the specifics. All he could remember was mates, three, and garden.”
Dean grabbed his bag as he headed to the front door, turning to give a small wave goodbye. “I'll see you tonight. Call if you need me!”
Eventually Castiel found himself just staring at the once hunter’s face as a way to distract himself. There was a faint tan line around his eyes from the glasses the men wore on the construction sight. It highlighted the crinkled lines beside and above his eyes. He didn’t have bags under his eyes like Castiel did, though. He didn’t look tired and defeated, having grown accustomed to their new lives years ago. Dean had struggled at first to stop hunting, but when monsters and demons stopped being a problem and other hunters had begged the brothers to stop, they did. Sam was the first to agree and had taken him a while to convince Dean to stop, but eventually the older hunter came around.
"Alright, alright." They slowly stood up, whipping their legs free of dirt. Castiel reached out his hand before Dean could walk away. Grabbing his arm, he lightly pulled the omega back around. Dean stared back in question.
Inias looked up through his long lashes, his lip pulled in between his teeth. He had already agreed to host Castiel during his rut that cycle, but Castiel wanted to hear the confirmation one more time. Just to be sure.
He nodded. “Yes. I fought back and then fell. The Winchesters were there, in a way. I continued to be their guardian.”
Dean could practically hear the eye roll coming from behind him. "You know what I mean. You've made it to the garden before. Do it again."
“Killed him.” Sam finished. Castiel looked over at sam. He saw the anger mixed with sadness battling in his facial expressions.
The sound of Jack shuffling in his bed caused Castiel to turn towards him. The nephilim's eyes were squeezed shut as his head moved side to side in distress. He was having another nightmare.
Amelia and Kelly shared a look. “Well,” Amelia started, “after dividing out the rations, we noticed an alpha’s worth of food missing.”
"What do you say," Sam started as they continued on their mission for decorations, "I bring over Scrabble and we start a game night once a week?"
He nodded at the information. It wasn’t that he really wanted her name, he was just panicking. How long had Sam been wanting to talk about Jack but Castiel hadn’t allowed him too? Was that why he didn’t come by the house that often anymore? Why the brothers always went out without him? Was he a burden?
He felt a little better now that he was showered and dressed sipping his coffee as Dean pulled his work boots on. It was something they did every morning Dean had to work. Castiel would get up with him, they'd both shower, sometimes together and sometimes not, he'd make coffee as Dean put his work stuff on and then they'd kiss goodbye as Castiel would hand over Dean's thermos. Once Dean would leave he'd take a second cup to the back porch until he felt awake enough to attack the day.
Without warning, Michael’s fingers disappeared, and Castiel couldn't help the whimper that escaped him. "Breathe, man, you gotta breathe."
Michael was right, of course, he was. He took another deep breath and slowly let it out. "Okay. Right. You're right."
This was not a good idea, by any means. There was no telling what Jack was going to tell this human woman. Plus, they still needed to get that soul before she turned into a ghost.
Dean blinked a few times before clearing his throat and closing his outreached hand. "Yea, uh, I just wanted to talk to you." Dean wiped his hand against his pants, "If that's alright?"
He nodded. “When they released me, I had given up out of fear. I knew that what was planned was wrong, but their ways can be... persuasive. I fell back in line and just followed orders blindly. When it came to the final moments before Lucifer was released, I was re awoken. Heaven didn’t care what happened to humanity, our charges, but the Winchesters did. I had a choice. Allow humanity to fall at the hands of heaven, or fight back.”
Dean nodded, his eyes moving back and forth over Castiel’s face. “ I know.” He took a step back and leaned against the counter next to them. “Sam wasn’t doing too hot at work today either.” Castiel nodded, unsure of what to say. They both remembered what the day was and they both knew what it meant to him.
Castiel smiled, he definitely liked Lailah. Placing a hand on her shoulder, he squeezed in comfort. “You’re helping now and that's what is important. The first step is always the hardest.”
“Promised?” Castiel asked, growing confused. Why was his omega speaking so clearly? He could smell the lust and need rolling off the omega in droves. Surely he was already in his haze. Omega’s in haze needed their alpha’s. Castiel would give him what he needed.
Waiting till he heard the creak from the bottom step signaling Dean had reached the downstairs, he wandered into the bathroom. The light was blinding when he flipped the switch, squinting his eyes in an attempt to block the light as he shut and locked the bathroom door. The longer he was awake, the longer he knew it would take to fall back asleep. It was only logical that falling asleep would send him back. Every time he fell asleep he experienced the other world, this had to be no different.
“I don’t know if I can speak for Lailah, but yes.” He smiled, memories of his time before the apocalypse coming up as he looked up at the sky. “We were both part of garrisons tasked with watching over the earth and its humans. Humans can be, interesting creatures. I enjoyed watching them very much.”
She raised an eyebrow at him, a hint of annoyance overpowering her usual scent of Lilac and freshly cut grass. He laughed and raised his hands in surrender. “I’ll talk with him, how does that sound?”
After a few minutes his body started to grow heavy on his legs. Dean must have sensed his dilemma as he moved them both towards the kitchen table, gently pushing Castiel's shoulders down to get him to sit. He obeyed, plopping down and sighing.
Castiel smiled through his quivering chin and tears rolling down his cheeks. The pressure in his chest was familiar, but in a different way. He wasn’t panicking this time, he was happy. Dean had told him he loved him before, but not like that. He understood what the human custom was with rings, and while he didn’t want to assume, he was almost positive about what Dean was about to ask him.
The feeling of hands on his face were gone and he felt the panic rise up even higher. Eternity went by as he tried to figure out what to do. Should he sit? Should he stay put?
"It's Castiel," Sam said as he grabbed Dean's arm and led him down the hallway and past the nurse. “We need you there, quick.”
The last thing Castiel remembered was Michael’s hands gripping his waist as he slipped into darkness.
“Fine, we have a potential hunt in Nebraska anyways.” Dean and Sam share a look before he continues. “If anything goes wrong Cas, anything at all, you call us and we'll deal with it.”
Castiel leaned down and bit into the omegas shoulder. The omega screamed as he threw his head back. "Now." Castiel growled into the omegas ear.
As if on cue, a knock sounded at the door. He stood and made his way over to the door, opening it. Lailah’s vessel was shorter than his, only coming up to his shoulders. Her vessel had very thick curly dark brown hair and was sporting the usual grey suit that the remaining angels had all started to all wear. She was frowning and seemed slightly annoyed.
Jack opened his eyes, blinking a few times. Castiel couldn’t tell what was happening but the energy rolling off Jack was intense. It made him even more scared.
A woosh of air signaled that the nephilim had fled the scene. He wandered uselessly towards the spot Jack had disappeared from. “Jack!”
Blood pumped heavily through his veins, his lungs burned, his knot throbbed. He felt like an animal. It was freeing in a way. The alpha within was howling in victory with every forceful thrust and squeeze. This was the way things were meant to be. Alpha and Omega. Two souls desperate for one another in ways no human would ever understand.
He didn’t say anything as Dean deposited him in the same chair as earlier that day before heading into the basement. Of course the medical kit had been in the basement. That was where Dean had kept all his old hunting gear and it only made sense that the kit had been with the rest of it. He reappeared with the real kit and set it down on the table next to Castiel.
He opened his eyes and glanced down at his now perfectly bandaged hand before looking back up at Dean. He noticed how close they were sitting, one of Deans legs between Castiel’s and his other outside one of them. Dean’s hands wandered over, one to Castiel’s leg and the other to his thigh, thumbs gently sliding back and forth over both of them.
“No.” He shook his head. “It’s kind of like I can sense how many times she’s been here. Some are strong and some are weak. I think she’s been traveling back and forth.”
Castiel's chest warmed with the knowledge that Sam wasn't upset with him. Perhaps all wasn't lost with him and Sam after all. They could be true friends.
"I was wondering about that.” Dean stated, his fingers drawing figure eights through Castiel’s chest hair now. “I've only been with a few alphas in rut, but they seemed to always be in this sort of rage the whole time."
Dean reached up and cupped Castiel's cheek, that sparkle still in his beautiful gold ringed green eyes. "Anytime, Cas." They stayed there for just a moment before Dean finally turned and grabbed their food. If Castiel didn't know better, he'd say he was falling for the omega. But he did understand better, and no one truly fell in love while in rut or heat. It was always just chemical reactions to each other's scents. Everyone knew that. Plus, who would ever fall in love while in prison?
Okay, so I figured I'd just post this one also since it was done and I've only been obsessed with this chapter since I first imagined it over a year ago. The remaining chapters are all written, so i wouldn't be surprised if the remaining chapters get posted by Sunday lol
“...Of course he meant it! He was trying to keep the soul for himself and hurt me to do it!” Jack didn’t move, stuck in a trance as he continued to stare at his hands.
“Cas, look…” Sam started, stepping in front of his brother to grab Castiel's attention, “If you feel like you need to help the angels and heaven or whatever then we're cool with that.”
Dean frowned. "Cas, that's what I'm here for! That's what-" Dean paused and shuffled his feet, "-what people like us do. They talk it out."
Tanya immediately threw her arms around Jack/Haley and cried again. Castiel didn’t like this at all.
Dean moaned into the kiss. Castiel mentally shook his head as he tried to focus on the now; the feel of Dean underneath him, his cock sliding in and out of his lover as they tried to reach that euphoria; Dean's stomach sliding against his as he arched off the bed. He shivered, heat pooling down in his groin as he allowed his body to take in the sensations. Sliding a hand behind one of Dean's knees, he pushed it forward, dropping his head onto his shoulder as he sped up his thrusts. The sound of their bodies moving together grew louder in the large room as the sound of Dean's moans filled his ear, a new wave of energy taking over him. He could feel Dean reach between them and grab his cock, stroking furiously as he tried to match Castiel's new found tempo.
He took a deep breath. “During the apocalypse, I had been taken by my superiors for attempting to warn the Winchesters about the plan to release Lucifer on purpose. They had tortured me into submission”
Dean's voice cracked a bit, and they both chuckled. Castiel tilted his head up to watch Dean as he sang the next bit, placing a hand over the one on his chest. Castiel noticed something shift in Dean's gaze but didn't get enough time to study it because Dean was leaning down towards him. Their lips brushed in a gentle kiss, just enough to show each other they were right there, together, at the moment. A short kiss, just enough to enjoy without delving deeper. Castiel smiled at the omega above him.
Dean stopped on a dime, his chin dropping to his chest. Castiel hurried the last few feet between them and whirled around in front of Dean.
Tanya rubbed their arms. “Of course. Keep watching over them and be safe.” Haley nodded this time. Cupping her hands over Haley/Jack’s face, she kissed their forehead. “Until we meet again.”
The omega was in the clearing naked, cooking up something from the crates. They had silently agreed to abandon clothing for the rest of their cycles. It would only get in the way. The aroma lingered underneath the sultry smell of the omega, making Castiel’s mouth water. The thought of sneaking up behind Dean, grabbing him by the waist and taking him there, in the middle of the clearing, made his already hard cock throb in the open air. Dean was feeling his own haze, it was evident in the strong scent of cinnamon overwhelming the vanilla. He needed his alpha.
Michael sighed. "Look, man. There's nothing wrong with wanting to explore. Humans have been doing it since the dawn of time. Maybe you'll find you love sex and want to explore more, or maybe you'll find out you're ace, and that's fine, too."
Dean knew he had a lot to make up for. He was willing to spend the rest of his life telling Cas how sorry he was if it meant the angel could trust him again. Trust what they have together means something, despite Chuck trying to poison Dean’s mind into thinking otherwise. A not so secret part of Dean was relieved that Chuck had stopped their plan. As long as Cas didn’t have the Mark, as long as he didn’t have to sacrifice himself
When the hunter pulled back there was a grin on his face as he said, “No arguments here” and was quickly pulled back into another heated kiss.
The combined intimacy and intensity of Castiel’s words hits Dean like a bolt of lightening leaving his body zinging through a hot tidal wave of emotion. Dean’s cock is already leaking precome onto his belly and he can feel the telltale signs of his fast approaching orgasm. It’s all going to end far too quickly for Dean’s liking, but then he reminds himself that nothing was really going to end between them now. This was their new beginning.
"Spread your legs for me," Castiel growled hotly into Dean's ear, making the hunter groan and grind his hips back against Castiel's erection pressing against his ass. "Be patient, Dean. I'll give you what you want."
Only it wasn't just a bad dream. It was real. And a part of Dean knew he would never be the same because of it.
Cas helped wash them both one last time before Dean shut off the water and stepped over to the towel rack. His fingers were starting to prune. The two of them took their time drying each other before Cas went over to the counter by the sink and picked something up, offering it to Dean with an outstretched hand.
Dean fell deeper and deeper for this strange being he was fortunate enough to call a friend and it wouldn't
a nasty voice in Dean's head sneered. If the angel was bold enough to follow Dean in the state he was currently in, the least he could do is have the guts to look him in the eye.
Dean once again moved Cas back and rinsed his hair out, taking a moment of selfish indulgence to watch as the suds slowly washed down his lean back, over the curve of his ass and down around his thighs. It was hard for Dean not to make this into something else when Cas looked so damn irresistible; the urge to drop to his knees and suck the angel off certainly an appealing thought right about now. But
With no Chuck controlling them anymore and Heaven and Hell kept locked up under new management, they could finally let themselves have this without feeling like the world was ending around them every five minutes. It was so much more than Dean ever thought he could deserve.
Walking into the bunker and seeing all the Winchesters in tears had been a shock to Castiel's system. What could have possibly happened in between the short time he was out on a hunt and the last time he saw them that could have left them all so broken? Castiel didn't get the full story until much later. Sam and Mary were both emotionally drained and decided Cas didn't need all three of them to tell their story, so they entrusted the task to Dean and headed off to bed, whispering how much they loved each other before parting ways.
“I’m not gay,” Dean thinks fleetingly while he’s choking on a gasp as Cas pushes his length inside of him, slow, steady, and unrelenting until he’s seated as deep as he can go, filling Dean up so completely that the hunter forgets how to breathe for a moment as tears sting his eyes shut. Cas kisses the air back into his lungs, breathes life into Dean so full of hope for the future they could build together. A future they could finally share in equal quantities now that Cas was human.
It was ironic Dean thought cynically, that Castiel’s importance to God’s overall story was a complete contrast to Dean’s
after Dean had been staring up at the top of the tree for several seconds with a mischievous twinkle in his eyes during the pre-decorating stages, as if Cas could sense what he was thinking, Dean thought better of it and stowed the idea away for another year when Cas developed a sense of humour. The bulb was a compromise, really.
grade while breaking off into pairs during a game of hide-and-seek. Dean spent the rest of recess telling his friends how weird the boy was and to stay away from him unless they wanted to catch his gay cooties. When Dean caught the boy crying in a bathroom stall later that day he only felt a little guilty about it.
Cas now stood fully lax in front of him as Dean slid his fingers through the wet strands of his hair and massaged the shampoo into his scalp. It felt nice taking care of him in a way only Dean could. It showed Dean that Cas still trusted him in some shape or form. Maybe they stood a chance after all.
“You know today... watching my Mom and Dad together. That was the first time I had seen them like that in a long, long time. And it kinda threw me. Getting to see the way they looked at each other, how they felt when the other was in the room. That type of love... it was like I was seeing it for the first time. But it also reminded me of how I feel about you.”
While the man good-naturedly laughs off the outburst he asks Dean to spread his legs for him and Dean easily complies. Dean’s first time with a man leaves him sore for two days with a limp in his walk and the inability to look his best friend directly in the eye for a full 24 hours. The next time was better. Dean even ate breakfast with the new guy the next morning.
. But what other appropriate response was there to having been given a second chance to say all the words left unsaid? All the feelings left buried inside Dean’s aching heart that had been yearning to be set free ever since Cas’s confession.
Dean would rather suffer in silence than have Cas lying next to him in bed constantly checking on him any time Dean would twist between the sheets and let out a whimper during a particularly nasty nightmare. That's not what Dean wanted their relationship to be. He didn't want to burden the angel anymore than he already was.
Dean could feel the heat starting to pool in his abdomen and knew he wouldn’t be able to last much longer. Castiel circled his tongue each time his mouth descended on Dean’s cock and hummed again when he felt Dean’s thighs heavily blocking him in on either side.
“Well, we better get to practicing, then. You know, just so we get it right the first time with the real deal.”
. After all this time maybe they’d earned that. Hell, Dean would even go as far to say they deserved it. Labels were something Dean always tried to avoid, especially where Cas was concerned. Once it was out there, what he actually wanted, Dean could never take it back. His words forever set in stone. He didn’t want to screw that up. Not now, not ever.
Cas can tell when Dean’s getting close from the way his muscles clench around him and breathy sweet nothings start pouring out of the hunter’s kiss swollen lips. When Cas shifts his knees between Dean’s legs he finds the perfect angle to start pummelling against Dean’s prostate. More tears spring to the hunter’s eyes as Dean crashes over the edge with one hand on his dick and a shout of Cas’s name.
this all happened, but he was itching to get back to the one thing that still made sense to him; back to the one person who somehow made it
“I’m not gay,” Dean says out of habit even as he’s willingly spun around and pressed into the cold rough bricks of some back alley wall by the man he had been making eyes at all night who was slightly shorter than him with dark brown hair and pale blue eyes. So Dean’s got a type now—so what? Any resemblance to Cas was purely coincidence, Dean assures himself.
Castiel found what he was looking for in an old poorly lit ally. He hesitated in front of the payphone, anxiously wringing his hands, unable to keep his feet still. He had considered walking into a nearby establishment and asking to use their phone, but he decided to search for a more secluded area away from any prying eyes. To keep whatever this transpired into a private moment.
As far as self-improvement goes, in some small but no less significant way Dean had opened up about himself to his best friend with a vulnerability he never thought he could share. It took being faced with the reality of losing Cas before he could fix what he had broken between them for Dean’s walls to finally break down.
The world was in perfect balance for maybe the first time ever and it had been a unanimous decision for the brothers to quit while they were ahead before they inevitably screwed it up again. Of course Dean wanted to see everyone and catch up, but Dean was on a mission tonight, a different kind of mission than making sure everyone was having a good time.
"Cas. Please," Dean mewled, needing to get something inside of him. His cock throbbed as precome dripped from the tip and drizzled down to the cement floor. The angel huffed a laugh into his skin and the muscles in Dean's legs jumped in response. Castiel loved it when Dean got whiny for him.
Every molecule in Castiel’s body was electric as he slowly turned around to face them. He saw Dean first, and then he
“Not for that,” Cas corrects him, and Dean’s suddenly puzzled. There’s something akin to amusement in those blue eyes for a fleeting moment at Dean’s reaction before something more serious takes over. Dean is hopelessly mesmerized by his next worlds. “For letting me stay here with you in the bunker. I want you to know... there’s nowhere I’d rather be.”
Although he was pretty sure he hadn’t with the way Sam and Claire kept giving him encouraging glances all night from across the room. Apparently they were reading something on Dean’s face that wasn’t at all subtle about what he was hoping for tonight. Dean tried not to feel self-conscious about that.
The angel slowly started pumping his fist and dragged his tongue lazily underneath along the length of Dean's cock. He traced the vein there before reaching the tip again and gently kissing it. The gesture was almost affectionate and it screwed with Dean's head to the point where he almost wished he wasn’t tied up so he could run his fingers through the angel's hair, massage his scalp the way he knew Cas liked it.
Sam was here. Cas was here. They were okay, mostly. As long as Dean had them both there was a chance. For now, that was enough.
When Cas starts to thrust into him Dean feels like he’s flying and falling all at the same time, his fingers desperately clutching at the bedsheets as much as they grab onto Cas’s hip, or arm, or back. They move together with ease, Cas pressing in just as Dean rocks back into him at the perfect time. They’re left bare and on display to each other in the most raw and vulnerable form of human connection.
The angel's thrusts were sharp and precise, with one of Castiel's hands gripping Dean's hip and the other clamped over his shoulder, Castiel could slam Dean back on his cock, meeting him thrust for thrust. Dean didn't have the best of grips from this position, it was all he could do to not go sliding up the hood of the car. When Castiel switched up the angle, slamming into him deep, Dean cried out and Castiel knew he had found his sweet spot.
The silky fabric restricting his movement was erotic, to say the least. This wasn't a new game the two of them were playing. Castiel had been unabashedly vocal about finding out all of Dean's kinks, and the hunter went along with it because why the hell wouldn't he?
Dean swallowed around a dry lump in his throat. The hunter knew he didn't have to answer, because angelic being or not, Dean believed Cas could still see into his soul and immediately know what was causing all his distress. The guy had proven it enough times since he'd come back a fully fledged mortal.
Taking a moment to steady himself, Dean asked in a whisper, “Are we okay?” If he tried to get anything else out right now Dean was 99.9% sure he wouldn’t be able to make it through without crying again. One breakdown a day was his limit, thank you very much.
Castiel twisted and circled his tongue inside, noting how the hunter clenched down on him ever so often, until Dean's thighs started quivering and his fingers were twitching restlessly from trying not to move. Castiel slid in a finger alongside his tongue before adding a second one shortly after — following Dean's encouraging whimpers — stretching him open while still teasing him with his tongue.
Staying like this was dangerous Dean told himself, and with that in mind he kissed Castiel briefly on the lips once more before turning around with the intention of shutting off the water. But before he could reach the handle Castiel’s large, warm hands slid around to his back and pressed him against the shower wall chest first. Cas pushed up against him from behind and Dean couldn’t stop the muffled pleased noise from escaping his lips when the firm line of the angel’s cock rocked over the swell of Dean’s ass. It was nice to know Dean wasn’t the only one getting hot and bothered. If that didn’t qualify as the green light Dean was waiting for then nothing would.
He’s not Daddy’s blunt instrument anymore. Cas loves him. He isn’t hatred. Cas loves him. He isn’t destruction. Cas loves him. He deserves to be happy.
Several months later when Dean finds himself at another bar hitting on another beautiful woman, he’s the one to suggest on a whim bringing along a man to join in on their fun. Dean insists it’s for her pleasure alone, and when that doesn't work he tries the angle of being curious about exploring the voyeurism kink The woman doesn’t buy it. Dean sleeps alone that night, angry and humiliated by his own behavior, vowing never to ask another woman again.
Dean scrunched up his nose, the idea of getting all emotionally naked for such a long period of time making him feel uncomfortable, worrying how Cas might react to the awful imagery of the ex-angel’s most recent demise swirling around in his subconscious. "Not really," Dean mumbled defiantly, trying and failing to ignore that little voice in his head telling him to
Castiel's voice continued to rise in volume the more upset he became and Dean resented the impulse to yell his reasoning back in the angel's face. He didn't want to fight about this anymore. Why did he have to keep defending himself? Why didn't Cas get it?
Stripped down to his undershirt Dean made a beeline for the sink and twisted the faucet on until the water was cool to the touch. Cupping his hands together, Dean splashed the trapped water into his face and released a breath he didn't realize he had been holding. On top of feeling like he had been hit by a semi-truck, courtesy of Michael making every minute of every day a constant struggle to maintain control, his cheek now pink and tender to the touch ached something fierce. His not-so-little brother sure knew how to pack a punch when needed.
For the first hour of the party Dean kept a watchful eye on Cas, feeling something embarrassingly fond settle in his chest watching the ex-angel catch up with Claire, giving her a hug and whispering something in her ear that made Claire blush and look away, stealing a glance at Kaia talking quietly with Alex and Patience near the food table.
He had memorized Dean's phone number, something that didn't seem particularly significant until this very moment, and Castiel pushed each button into the payphone slowly with an underlining buzz of excitement and
Castiel heard Sam question his brother once again before he heard the sound of shuffling clothing and swiping of the phone. "Who is this?" the new voice demanded.
Dean's mouth twisted into a grimace as he forced himself to look away. He seemed physically pained by the angel's words. "Jesus, Cas. Don't say that shit to me right now."
It was a little after midnight when Sam finally went to his room. Dean was still worried about his mental state, didn’t want him to go off on his own and brood while feeling so hopeless, but in the end Dean had to let him go for both their sakes. If Sam wanted to be alone to process everything that happened then Dean would let him. He deserved a break. They all did. Tomorrow was a new day. Besides, Dean had some unfinished business of his own to take care of. Business that was currently staring at him waiting for some form of guidance to their next move.
"Please. C'mon, Cas. Want your dick. Want you to fill me up. Need you inside me. Please, Angel. Give it to me."
A few more deep thrusts was all it took before Castiel's hips stuttered to a stop and he spilled his seed inside the hunter's pliant body. Castiel kept his hands wrapped around Dean's middle just to keep him close until they both had their breathing back in check.
It wasn't often — never, let's be honest — that Dean found a partner willing to put aside their own carnal desires and take the time to take care of him instead. Sure, Cas was different because he was an angel. Patience and self control was a virtue to him, but Dean was still oddly touched that Castiel was willing to make the effort of figuring him out at all. It shouldn't be a surprise that Cas was curious about Dean's body and what got his blood flowing.
with Cas, there Michael was screaming at him, telling him all the horrible ways he was going to rip Cas apart when — not if —
Dean swung the door closed behind him without looking, already in the process of peeling off his jacket and the next outer layer of clothing clinging to his body. He wasn't all that surprised when he heard the distinct 'thud' of a hand blocking the door from shutting all the way. Cas had followed him in, it was something they had been doing routinely for months now, sharing a bed, waking up next to each other. Not so much as of late, though. Not since Michael hitched a ride.
When Cas comes inside him Dean makes sure he watches. Every facial expression twisted in pleasure, every shudder of Cas’s body, every moan escaping pink parted lips; Dean sees it all, every glorious detail. He’s beautiful, Dean thinks. So goddamn beautiful and he’s all Dean’s. Dean was all his.
The three of them sat in the kitchen talking and drinking on and off for an hour while Sam explained what Chuck showed him. Dean noticed Castiel’s shoulders tense up every now and then when Sam shared a particularly upsetting ending to their story, most noticeable when Claire died or the Winchesters became monsters themselves and turned on their friends. Dean was all too aware that most of Chuck’s “big finishes” left Castiel either dead or crazy and locked in a box.
Dean let out a shaky breath, fighting to keep his emotions in check. "Just don't." The silence that followed was deafening, if that makes any sense at all, and Dean found it equal parts comforting as it was nerve wracking.
Without a word of complaint Castiel guided Dean over to the bed and waited until Dean was comfortable under the covers to ask for permission to join him.
Dean woke up in a cold sweat, his pulse racing and eyes stinging as the horrible nightmare replayed over and over again in his mind. He swallowed a few shallow breaths before blindly reaching out a hand to the space beside him. Warmth flooded through his fingers tips when they made contact with another body – a shoulder it felt like – and Dean was finally able to calm down, gently tracing the curve of solid muscle down to a strong, slender wrist.
if you asked Dean, because Dean could hardly take his eyes off him, was so obvious about it earlier this afternoon in the kitchen when Cas invited himself to be a backseat baker, practically perching himself on Dean’s shoulder, that Dean almost left the pumpkin pie in the oven for too long, resulting in a crispier crust than he would have liked.
"Don't–" Dean cut him off sharply, voice cracking on that one word, his harsh tone breaking through the quiet tranquility of the moment, a complete contrast to the peaceful silence of their room bathed in blackness.
Cas’s voice dropped an octave, words whispered just a breath away from Dean’s mouth. “I like your thinking.”
. "So you're telling me if I had pushed it and gone after him, you wouldn't have dragged my ass out of there by force?"
It came out a whisper, an exhale of those two words, and Castiel could sense the change in atmosphere on the other end of the line. Could practically see Dean's wide eyes and wobbling bottom lip, desperate to believe what he heard was real and not some cruel joke the universe decided to play on him because
Dean weaved his way through the crowd of animatedly talking and laughing guests to find Claire and Kaia huddled up close together, looking up and admiring the tree. Dean plastered on an easy grin, greeting them with a cheerful, “Hello ladies. Having a good time?” Claire seemed startled as she turned around to face him, too wrapped up in whatever conversation the two were quietly whispering about to notice his approach.
had – was finally out in the open, no longer lingering in the background like the beginnings of a storm rolling across the horizon.
"Yes. For what happened back in that tunnel... I am sorry. You have every right to be mad at me for that." The aura around Castiel suddenly changed, Dean could feel it like a chill crawling up his back. Dean could hear the set of his jaw and could picture the fierceness in his piercing azure blue eyes. "But I will not apologize for keeping you alive. You cannot ask that of me."
It had only been a couple weeks since Cas had been resurrected as a human by Jack, aka the spawn of Satan. It wasn't an easy road, but Dean did everything he could to make sure Cas was comfortable in his own human skin. The angel's first time as a human had been a bust, but this time they were in it together. This time, Dean asked Cas to stay.
Dean let out a weak laugh, rubbing a hand down his face, feeling stupid for getting so worked up. "Yeah, stop dying on me," he said as a joke, but there was absolutely no sign of humor in his voice.
Lights. It was all lights. No, not the lights you would expect to see coming from a city at night, these were brighter, more festive; reds and greens and whites and blues and purples and yellows all melted together in a brilliant outpouring of colours blanketing the city. Even from a distance Dean could make out the rows of houses and buildings proudly displaying their Christmas lights for all to see. It wasn’t like Dean hadn’t seen anything like this before, but there was something innately beautiful about the picture it painted. Dean suspected the current company might have a hand in that as well.
Even if Cas was flexible, Dean still didn’t know how Jack convinced a former warrior of God to wear a truly ugly Christmas sweater all day; this certainly isn’t what Dean had in mind when he said Cas needed to update his human wardrobe. And yet, somehow, Cas still managed to look good in it. In a sort of adorable/dorky kind of way.
His father was gone, and Castiel wasn’t going to pretend he knew what Dean needed to heal from that, but whatever decision he made, whatever Dean chose to do from this moment on, it would be neither right nor wrong, just something he has to do for himself, and Castiel would honor that to the best of his abilities.
Dean wasn't exactly sure if that was a compliment or not, but when he felt the weight of Castiel's hand slowly sliding up his right arm, he decided it really wasn't all that important. Cas's hand drifted all the way up to Dean's neck and he delicately traced his fingers over the ascot, sliding the fabric gingerly between his thumb and forefinger finger.
Dean watched the man he loved die at his feet and was helpless to stop it. Today he watched his brother get ripped apart by vampires and again was helpless to stop it. He couldn't keep doing this. He couldn't watch another person he cares about die. He needed to stop being so
"You made me leave my brother." Dean's voice was sharp like the cool blade of a razor slicing through skin and flesh. He said it like a threat. But Castiel didn't flinch. In fact, he didn't appear to be shaken by it at all.
Already he felt a little less out of place, a little less lonely. And that feeling of belonging only intensified when Castiel finally got up the nerve to make the call. The call he had been anticipating and simultaneously dreading since he awoke in that field. The call that would make all of this
Dean desperately wanted to let Castiel's words heal every part of him that felt utterly broken right now, but all he could think about was what happened the last time they thought they were going to win.
Turns out not a lot of people were out and about the night before Christmas and almost everyone on their list had shown up with warm smiles and arms full of presents for the organized gift swap later on. Dean had gone all out on the decorations. Red and green garland wrapped around the staircase banister, twinkly lights strung up around the room, holly shaped confetti sprinkled on the table along with a variety of baked goods and a punch bowl filled with eggnog that Dean definitely did
The corner of Dean's mouth ticked into a barely-there smile. "You're preaching to the choir, buddy."
Between finding his mother and the kid, Sam having his throat ripped out right in front of their eyes, and Lucifer of all people being the one to bring him back... Dean needed to take a minute for himself.
Of course it would take having his best friend murdered right in front of him for Dean Winchester to finally admit what everyone else already seemed to know. He knew it too, deep down, and he fought tooth and nail to ignore it because
Dean was an absolute wreck, rocking back onto the fingers inside him, trying to catch that shock of pleasure every time the pads of Castiel's fingers would brush over his prostate. Once Castiel found it, he pushed down and rubbed on it, hard and relentless as the sounds of Dean desperately moaning and begging swirled around them.
“My life is so much better having met you,” Castiel told him, and he remembered saying something like this to Dean once before what felt like a lifetime ago, but that didn't make it any less true now. And it didn't stop Dean's lips from twitching into that shy little smile of his before he leaned in and pressed their lips together in a silent thank you. What he was thanking the angel for—there were too many things for Dean to list.
Dean's impatience only egged Castiel on, and he straightened himself back up, grabbing both of Dean's cheeks and spreading them wide, examining his tight little hole and smirking when it winked invitingly at him.
Kisses were pressed into his shoulders and at the base of his neck as Dean reached down and started stroking himself with quick tugs of his hand. Dean could hear Castiel coming unhinged behind him, breathing heavier with the strain of trying to hold back. He wanted to take Dean thoroughly apart, piece by piece. He wanted Dean to remember.
after all the crazy stuff that happened today, honestly he was just looking forward to hitting the hay, but Castiel was saying all these pretty things to him now and walking away really wasn't an option anymore. “Sam thinks it’s stupid.” Dean replied, hyper aware of Castiel’s fingers easily loosening the knot Dean had tied haphazardly earlier on. The fabric slid across the back of Dean’s neck as Castiel slowly pulled it off, his movements clearly deliberate and easily succeeding in riling Dean up the way he suspected the angel was trying to do.
, of all things. Cas would probably let him, but that wasn't the point. Dean could begrudgingly admit as the seconds ticked by and he tried to regain his composure that the lines were starting to blur, and maybe he wasn't so sure what the actual point
Castiel leisurely pulled the fabric down, exposing the new skin slowly, drawing it out, until it got caught under the swell of Dean's ass. A moment later, Castiel changed his mind and decided to slide them down the rest of the way, letting them join the entanglement of clothing around Dean's ankles.
Castiel‘s voice was as deep and sultry as ever, it washed over Dean’s body like a warm familiar blanket, relaxing his muscles and easing his psyche. “That’s because unlike Sam, I can see the potential in it. How it could be beneficial to both of us.”
Castiel gathered Dean's wrists in one large hand and planted the hunter's hands firmly on Dean's lower back. "Do not move your hands," Castiel's voice rumbled low in his chest, making Dean keen and quick to obey, clutching to his own wrists to keep them in place, knowing once Cas got him going he would start to squirm.
"Dean?" Cas' voice was a little louder now and far more concerned than it had been a few moments ago. Frustrated with his lack of control, Dean mumbled apologetically against his own shoulder. "Sorry Cas... Didn't mean to wake ya."
"Dean, look at me." Castiel didn't give Dean much of a choice when two large hands cupped Dean's cheeks and brought him back up to eye level. "You once told me that we're better together. And I choose to believe in that. That's why I have faith we are going to make it through this. All of us. You, me, Sam, Mary, and Jack. We're all together now. I know we can do this."
Castiel fell apart moments after, his hips stuttering as he pressed into Dean fully, letting out a throaty groan between the hunter’s shoulder blades. They stayed like that for awhile, still connected, both catching their breath. Dean was the first to move, reaching a hand up to drag across his face and hide the stray tear rolling down his cheek. This wasn’t like his prayer. This wasn’t fear, guilt and regret. This was relief. They were happy tears.
Dean started off slow with a bar of soap in one hand and lathered the suds over the angel’s shoulders, concentrating way too hard on being overly cautious just in case Cas pushed him away or told him to stop. He didn’t. Dean worked his way down Castiel’s biceps and lower arms, reveling in the feeling of strong muscles under his finger tips. Dean felt the angel’s eyes on him as he worked and it made Dean nervous enough to speed up the process a bit and move directly to his broad chest and flat tummy.
Dean sighs, the sound coming out somewhat relieved. “Yeah. Feels kinda normal. Like all the shit we went through was worth it in the end.”
excelled at. Cas because sometimes he didn’t quite understand what he was feeling or how to properly express himself (You couldn’t hold it against him, it was an angel thing) And Dean because he always knew
The overwhelming relief of having Cas brought back to him merely a few hours prior through the help provided by their new God-powered kid had still left Dean shaken. Dean doesn’t cry during sex. He’s not a
The truth was Dean had ulterior motives for throwing this party. Sure, it was a Christmas party, but it was also a different kind of celebration. This was the first time Sam and Dean had made a public appearance to the hunter circuit since they retired from the life. No more big bads to worry about? No more impending apocalypses? That was something to celebrate alright.
Cas had really taken to this new bossy role while fucking the hunter and if Dean didn't so obviously get off on it, he'd accuse Cas of being a little too good at it. But it wasn't necessarily about being in a position of power that Cas found so enjoyable. It was Dean's willingness to submit to him. Dean's ability to trust Castiel and take his orders without hesitation. Castiel felt liberated every time he barked out an order and Dean would comply, eager for it judging by the way his eyes would gloss over and there'd be an underlining thrum of excitement rolling off of him in waves.
but every time he got close to actually saying it the words got caught in his throat. So Dean went back to his default settings and relied on his preferred method of intimacy to make Castiel understand.
Maybe it was the high of the party, the sentimental gooeyness of the holidays, or maybe it was just because Dean was so goddamn happy to have him here—was feeling sappy, murmured, “I like
Cas did his best, but the knot was loose. Dean was sure he could easily slip out of it with a little maneuvering, but that was the whole the point. The turn on was knowing he could escape but making the conscious choice
Dean knew the angel’s words were still weighing heavy on both of them. Mostly Dean, probably. But something was off about Mary too. Dean noticed it earlier in the day when he told his Mom Cas called to check in on them and she visibly stiffened from the mere mention of the angel’s name. She was also having a hard time looking Dean in the eye.
Dean quickly realized the angel was willing to fight him on this one. Usually when Dean lost his temper and went off on him, Cas would just stand there and take it. He'd let Dean get it all out to the point of exhausting himself, and only then would Castiel calmly explain his side of the story.
As soon as Dean opened his mouth to pray his emotions overwhelmed him. The anger he had been feeling for days about Mary, and Chuck, and
Dean frowned at his reflection in the mirror, all too aware of the figure lingering behind him, taking a step forward, observing him in silence. Dean turned off the water and poked at his bruising cheek, looking for something to do, wincing as he did so.
Castiel’s throat closed up on him—wouldn’t trust his voice not to crumble even if he could talk—so he forced a nod instead. It was unclear who made the first move. The two of them collided into an embrace, all gripping hands and watery
. Dean still rolled his eyes, reactionary and lighthearted, and Kaia giggled, throwing him a thumbs up as Dean cut back through the room and climbed the stairs, trying to make as stealthy as an exit as possible. He had the last minute good sense to grab his coat off the rack and tug it on before heading outside.
Dean kept his back to the angel while Cas shuffled around the room behind him. Neither one of them spoke as Dean could make out the sound of clothes being removed and a belt unbuckling. He tried not to let his nerves and bubbling excitement get the best of him when Castiel finally walked up behind him, the weight of his presence sending pulsing static up and down Dean’s spine.
Dean closed his eyes as Castiel shifted to face Dean, careful not to disturb Milo too much. "But I wasn't just an Angel, Dean. Jack was alive, the souls had fallen, Lucifer was dead, and I still had all of my powers. I even had my wings, Dean."
Castiel sat up straighter, feeling bold. He could do this. With a deep breath, he motioned for Michael to continue.
Dean frowned, sliding his thumb up and down his cheek. “I was asking you about your plans for today, are you okay? That's the second time I've lost you today and it's only 6.”
Castiel leaned forward and placed his nose at the juncture between neck and shoulder. With a deep breath in, he hummed. Inias's scent was tantalizing--Peppermint and chocolate mixed with an enticing hint of chile pepper-- It made Castiel's mouth water.
Castiel took a deep breath and nodded to confirm his Snapchat handle. He kept his eyes trained on the guy's grey plaid shirt, too nervous about maintaining eye contact. Part of him wished he had used a different handle, but it was too late now.
They had been wandering through the gravestones for a few hours, Castiel reading the names and dates on each one. Neither of them had found anything of interest and Lailah was getting tense. She wanted to go back to the tracks, he knew that, but Jack had followed the souls energy to this spot. Hopefully they’d find something before she felt the trip a complete waste.
Shaking his head he tried to focus on the more obvious problem, the fact that he had dreamt. Never in his million years had he ever dreamt, so why now? And why so vivid? He could almost smell the lingering scent of dream Dean's body spray. There was also that feeling in his limbs, the same feeling he had when his dream self had fallen asleep. Plus, there was that lingering coffee taste in his mouth.
Sam closed his visor and nodded at the guards holding Dean. "I'll take him. You guys go take a break."
“I know you believe that all the angels hate you, Castiel, but it's not true.” She stopped walking, facing Castiel. “Yes, you killed thousands of us, but then, when the angels went to rescue you from Purgatory, they said you didn't want to come back, that you fought them to stay.”
He chuckled at Castiel before opening the door wider. "Come on in, man. Don't need you passing out in the hallway." Castiel’s eyes snapped to the man, he panicked, then quickly shuffled inside. "Don't worry if you do. Wouldn't be the first time." He added as Castiel squeezed between the man and the doorframe.
“Are you Tanya?” Jack asked, stopping a few feet from the gravestone, figure only visible due to the headlights of the woman's car.
Castiel turned to face him and reached forward but retracted his hand almost immediately. Dean froze. He wanted Cas to touch him, but also didn't. Things between them were going to be more complicated than he realized.
“No, you don’t understand.” She begged, light flickering faster. “She’s going to be here, I know it. I have to see her, please!”
The guard was getting closer, shouting for Dean to obey. Sam raised his hand to halt the guard and looked back down to Dean.
That got Cas’s attention. “Executed?!” Rage surged from the alpha in waves as his face went through a multitude of emotions.
Castiel groaned as he came, his rhythm faltering as Deans own groans followed seconds after. Breathing hard, he continued to slowly roll his hips for a few moments, pumping his softening cock in and out as he allowed their bodies to slow down and catch their breath. Dean's grip eventually softened and his arms plopped down onto the bed.
Castiel tried to look away but Dean caught his chin with his hand. "We're a team, you and I, and it's my job as your teammate to help you when you're struggling, and that's with anything!" He pulled Castiel's gaze to meet his. "Please don't shut me out. I hate seeing you like this. Let me do my job and help you, just as you always help me."
She frowned sympathetically and wiped a tear from his cheek. He couldn’t resist leaning into her touch.
"Wait!" One of the guards shouted from behind them. The guards turned and Dean watched as the new guard lifted the black visor of their helmet.
Sam shook his head. Dean nodded before pushing his chair back and standing as well. “I’ll come with you. Sam, you want another burger or brat?” Sam shook his head again, his eyes still studying Castiel.
Castiel instantly found himself surrounded by darkness. He jolted at the sudden change in environment, looking around frantically. With his mouth wide open, he started to hyperventilate. There was nothing. No light. No nothing.
“Mrowr.” “Mrowr.” Turning his head, he met the blueish green eyes of the cat he had adopted. Something in the cats eyes told him that everything was going to be okay; if only he could allow himself to believe it.
Castiel smiled, excited and happy in his own way. He was experiencing a lot of firsts, firsts that the nephilims mother would have loved too see. Firsts like Jack’s first ride on a human contraption that propelled vehicles across a body of water instead of having to drive around the massive lake. She would have loved it, he knew that.
"God damnit," Dr. Adler cursed. "well he's no use to us now." A few guards came in and grabbed Dean’s arms. "Take him to the pit."
"Yea no kidding," Dean breathed. “Doctor douche canoe wasn’t very happy with you, but this,” he pointed to the fake mating bite, “I’m pretty sure got me out of being executed.”
His body jumped as he took in a deep and shaky breath before letting out a sob. All at once, all the emotions from the day came pouring out. He could feel his insides break into a million pieces as he let everything go, his good hand gripping the back of Deans shirt while the other stayed trapped between their bodies.
Castiel leaned forward, pressing their foreheads together. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath and exhaled. “Thank You, Dean.”
“Hey hey hey.” He felt hands cradle his face. “Cas look at me. Babe, please, what's going on?” Castiel couldn't lift his head to look at Dean. He felt paralyzed in his spot, as if moving would be the end of him. “Shit!”
"Look, Dean, he took what happened to you hard. You didn't see him in the hospital while you were out. He was devastated, Cas."
“For hiding. For not helping heaven like I could have.” She said, eyes cast down at the ground in remorse.
As if reading his thoughts, Dean shifted, his nose going right into the juncture of Castiel's neck and shoulder. The omega sighed and Castiel chuckled.
“Does it make me a bad person to not be sad about his death…”Jack's voice quieted, as if he was ashamed of his question, “that I killed him?”
They all came zinging in at once, bowling him over like an invisible force. Everything snapped into existence and he wasn’t ready for it.
Sam, even though he’d promised Dean he wouldn’t, used some of his demon power to enhance the spell they’d found and blasted the bitches back to 1692, figuratively speaking. Dean doesn’t remember much, just waking up to Sammy shaking his shoulder, his vision blurred, arms and legs tied to a chair. Sam cut him free and then checked on the girl as soon as he knew Dean was fine. She was alive but barely, they’d taken a lot of her blood. Sam picked her up and ran for the car to drive her to the emergency room, yelling to Dean that he’d be back for him.
Castiel steps up behind Dean, a long line of heat against his shoulder that sends shivers down Dean’s spine. He closes his eyes and swallows against the titillation.
. Tired is a new concept to him. He stays in bed for hours at a time, until Dean’s concerned knocking forces him to move around the bunker.
Surprisingly, Chad doesn’t seem the slightest bit discouraged, just intrigued. Both he and Candice look a little stunned, but the wheels are definitely turning as their eyes assess the newest addition to their
Sam and Eileen pick up right where they left off and talk like old friends. Castiel joins in when he can, but mostly he just watches. He keeps one eye on Dean and scans the bar, observing the patrons, the waitstaff, the group of college students. He watches the couple making out in the corner booth whose hands never seem to come out from under the table.
The man has slayed monsters and demons and lived through every version of Hell, but Castiel has never seen him look so scared.
Eileen doesn’t bring it up again, but she doesn’t have to. The word swirls around in his brain, teasing his thoughts like wine on a sensitive palate.
Now, Cas has really got him in a chokehold and he doesn’t know what to do. He goes with his first instinct. His fingers pull at Cas’s forearm, trying to relieve some of the pressure around his neck.
They’ve never done this before, but Dean can guess what’s coming. He takes a deep breath through his nose and closes his eyes while he attempts to relax his throat. Castiel’s fingers weave into his hair and tug sharply before he slowly begins to work his hips back and forth, fucking Dean’s mouth slowly.
One big misunderstanding, some pride and a little bit of fear caused them both entirely too much pain, but Castiel supposes that’s par for the course. Part of being human.
Charlie asked about it, of course. He’d gotten much more comfortable talking to her about his feelings, so he told her everything. How he misses Dean when he’s gone, how he wonders what Dean is doing at
Dean and Sam redoubled their efforts, called in a few favors from the hunting network and then they didn’t need to stay much longer at Devil’s Gate.
When Cas leaned forward and nipped at Dean’s lower lip with a feral growl, it was game over. Hands grasped at buckles and buttons; clothes flew across the room as they were discarded. Getting naked is half the fun, but Dean is so fucking hard he can’t see straight, let alone sit through more foreplay.
Dean got up from the bed, Cas’s head following his movement, and placed the hot pack back on the nightstand. He stripped off the AC/DC shirt and faded blue jeans constricting him. As the last of the ice cube melted in Dean’s ridiculously cold mouth, he climbed back in the bed and settled between Cas’s legs.
When they finally crashed into Dean’s room, they broke apart panting, sizing each other up. Cas didn’t give Dean a chance to speak or ask questions. He kicked the door closed and moved into Dean’s space, eyes blazing with purpose. Dean, now horny, confused and slightly intimidated, had no choice but to give in. He backed up until he felt his knees hit the bed. He plopped down on the mattress and stared in awe at the wild angel before him. Seeing Cas completely wrecked with a predatory glint in his eyes reminded Dean of his earlier unease.
“Dean,” Castiel said his name like it was a verbal eye roll. “If you can get out of a rear chokehold, you can certainly do it from the front. Think!”
Time is valuable when you’re trying to prevent an apocalypse. He spends his with a red-headed marvel, thinking about a green-eyed one.
He didn’t say a word in the car, when they got back to the bunker, when he led Castiel to his room, when he closed the door. And he’s not saying any now.
Dean untied Cas’s hands from the bedposts, grabbed him under his knees and pulled him down on the bed until he was flat on his back. Dean lined himself up and slowly pushed the head of his cock past Castiel’s tight entrance. Dean gave Cas a minute to adjust before sliding all the way home, groaning as he bottomed out.
They all came zinging in at once, bowling him over like an invisible force. Everything snapped into existence and he wasn’t ready for it.
Cas trailed off and shifted in his seat. An ache settled in Dean’s chest. He’s the last person in the world who wants to talk about feelings, but something is definitely wrong and he can’t let it slide. He’d rather be tortured by demons than get the silent treatment from his...from Cas.
Sam gives Dean a knowing look. He knows Dean would be mortified if he knew Sam saw them kissing, but he can't let his brother freak out and mess things up with Cas either. He
“Dean,” Sam sighed, dropping his chin to his chest shaking his head. “You're an idiot sometimes, you know that?”
“Cas has got some moves, huh?” Sam asked as he pawed through the contents of the drawstring bag, sneaking curious glances at Dean.
Cas reached down and unbuttoned Dean’s jeans, stripping him in one quick movement. He tossed Dean’s clothes to the side and stood at the edge of the bed, staring down at him.
Of course, Dean didn’t say those exact words, but Castiel is getting a lot better at reading between the lines — especially wide gaping ones.
the Bucket List, but it sure as hell is now. Cas taking charge is still somewhat a novelty, but he’s riding Dean like he owns him. No holds barred. Dean’s silently thanking every God he’s ever heard of.
Between the hot and cold sensation and the sensory deprivation, it was almost too much for Cas to handle.
And he was wrong, it wasn’t two credit cards Dean left on the bar. It was a credit card and a motel room key. He’s not sure what to make of that.
Under the table, Dean continued tormenting his lover. Cas was rock hard before Sammy even paused his monologue.
Sam’s voice cuts in through the fray and Castiel finally regains focus, only to find two inquisitive stares. They’re concerned, and he knows he should say something but he can’t. How can he possibly explain something that even he doesn’t understand?
His eyes stray from Candice to Chad, who’s slowly moving closer and boxing Dean in against the bar. A large, warm hand lands on his thigh, above the knee and definitely in the danger “this is a flirtation” zone. He stills under Chad’s touch, too shocked to move or protest.
Dean rounded a corner and heard the girl’s bone-chilling screams at the end of the long corridor. His adrenaline spiked and he charged into the room guns blazing, only to find a ritual with not one, but
— that’s what he’d said. Dean already knew Castiel trusted him more than anyone, trusted him with his life, but it was nice to know that he trusted him this much in the bedroom, too.
Dean threw his head back as Cas sucked him down. His mouth was hot and wet, encasing Dean’s dick in a velvety den of pleasure. The tongue swirling around the head of his cock ripped moans from his mouth. His fingers combed through Cas’ hair as his head bobbed up and down, taking Dean in as far as he could go. His hips moved in aborted thrusts, trying to seek more warmth from Cas’ mouth than he could possibly give.
Castiel doesn’t respond. His eyes flick to Dean’s lips, then darken slightly. That’s all it takes to send Dean over the edge, off the cliff. He surges forward and kisses Cas like his life depends on it. Maybe it does.
He’s not quite sure what he’s asking for at this point, but he knows Cas intends to ride that fine line between pain and pleasure. Damn if it wasn’t sexy and scary at the same time, but he’s Dean Fucking Winchester and he’ll take whatever Cas will give him, even if it’s too much.
The Buckshot Inn is exactly what he expected, minus the empty room. Some tiny sliver of him had hoped that Dean would be waiting. But the only thing in the room is a musty double bed and misery.
“Uh oh,” Dean nudged Sam, worried. “Do you think he knows this dance? Should we just go grab the necklace?”
Cas' mouth pulled off Dean’s cock with an obscene pop as his fingers withdrew from Dean’s stretched hole. Dean groaned, feeling empty without Cas' fingers and mouth teasing him.
“I’m not gay,” Dean quietly tells his Mom when they’re in the Impala together driving back to the bunker after finishing a mother-son hunting trip. It had only been three days since Castiel almost died from the Lance of Michael in that barn and made what they all thought was a deathbed goodbye speech to the three remaining Winchesters.
Vibrant blue eyes gazed up at him as if making sure Dean was paying attention. Dean was fucking entranced as he watched his own dick be sucked down by Castiel's talented mouth, taking him in inch by inch until Dean could swear he felt the smooth wall of skin at the back of Castiel's throat.
“I highly doubt your beloved Daphne could do that.” Castiel told him with that subtle lilt to his voice, arching one perfect eyebrow as if daring Dean to say otherwise. Dean let out a breathy chuckle before leaning forward and kissing the angel on the lips, tasting the lingerings of his own salty bitterness on the angel’s tongue.
get him the baby angel painted on a dark blue bulb, stereotype complete with a halo and fluffy white wings.
Dean wasn’t ashamed of who he was. How could he be when Sam was so open and accepting, waited for Dean to come to him, loved him fiercely and unconditionally? Dean saw what Sam had with Eileen—wanted that for himself. So maybe it took Dean a little longer than he would have liked to build up the courage to take the next step, but he was there now, reeling to get it all out in the open.
Castiel could make out another muffled voice in the background that clearly belonged to Sam, and he found himself smiling then, unable and unwilling to hide his elation at hearing the rest of his found family's voice.
“I’m not gay,” Dean told Rhonda Hurley with a blush on his face the night she had encouraged Dean to try on a pair of her red, lace panties and Dean discovered that he kinda liked the way the panties pulled tight and rubbed soft against his quickly stiffening dick. Rhonda said the panties made him look pretty and Dean felt inclined to believe her.
to him now, and a part of Castiel felt robbed that he would never get to see this moment with his own eyes.
Dean nodded once and watched him go before he went about grabbing towels and setting the water to an appropriate temperature. Dean stripped out of his clothes and stepped into the open shower, sighing contently as the hot spray rained down over him. Dean closed his eyes and let the water run down his face, internally battling with himself to not let his mind wander. He wanted to enjoy this moment of peace before his heart was inevitably cracked open again by those damn baby blue eyes his angel knew how to use so well.
what he wanted to say but he was too much of an emotionally stunted coward to actually say it until it was almost too late. This was their happy medium.
A small part of him (he suspected stemmed from a neglectful childhood) wanted to crawl into the other's embrace and just let himself be lulled back to sleep by fingers in his hair and whispers of sweet nothings in his ear. But things were still fresh between them. What they had now – what they
you to know that.” And maybe it should have been a bigger deal than it was, maybe Castiel should have felt shocked, elated, overwhelmed. Maybe even a little scared. Dean had never said those words to him out loud before. But Castiel decided early on in their relationship that he didn't have to. Dean had made his true feelings clear countless times through his actions.
There wasn't much he could do to escape the situation. Not unless Sam was stupid enough to believe that the angel was just giving Dean a
After everything that had happened in the last few hours, Dean needed to take a breather. Mostly due to the fact that he still couldn't actually
The man generously offers to return the favor and Dean’s out of there in a flash. He doesn’t want that guy’s hands anywhere near his dick. At least Sammy wouldn’t go hungry tonight.
The two of them slid under the covers together and settled in for the night, Dean on his right side and Cas snuggled up behind him. With the light turned out the room became shrouded in darkness, a comforting sort of quiet blanketed around them.
Dean wanted that. Wanted Cas to pin him to the bed and touch him in all the right places, kiss him until he couldn’t remember his own name, fuck him,
Dean slipped away from the group under the charade that he was going to refill their water bottles. Dean's entire body was in over drive, elation and crippling grief destabilizing him as he stumbled to the edge of a nearby stream.
"No thanks to you," Dean snarled back, his voice raw with emotion. A moment of silence passed between them. Dean could practically feel the guilt radiating off of Castiel as he apologized in a deflated tone.
Dean took a breath to steady himself and grabbed the angel’s hand, pulling Cas up from the table as he stood. Castiel went willingly, linking their fingers together as Dean pulled him down the hall towards his bedroom, but made a pivot in a different direction when he was struck with an idea. Dean ended up taking them to one of the bunkers biggest bathrooms claiming he was desperately in need of a shower to wash the stink of purgatory off his skin.
“We’ll be okay,” Cas promised, and Dean believed him, because now he knew exactly what to call them.
They stood there in Dean's room in silence for a moment, neither one of them knowing quite just what to say. Castiel didn't know how he could help in this situation. Dean was so... numb, this far away look in his eyes, almost zombie-like. It unnerved Cas to no end.
There were little Christmas trinkets placed particularly on every available surface, including a miniature North Pole set with Santa’s workshop that Sam had been hilariously strict about getting it
“I’m not gay,” Dean pleaded with tears in his eyes as his cheek throbbed and his intoxicated father loomed over him after finding out Dean had snuck a friend into his room to spend the night and sleep in the same bed as him. Dean didn’t mean anything by it. He just didn’t want Mathew to have to sleep on the floor.
Castiel angled Dean’s head back under the spray and rinsed out his hair, taking extra precautions to avoid getting any soap into his eyes while he worked. Once he was finished the angel pressed a kiss against Dean’s neck, right below his Adam's apple, and Dean was in such a state of bliss he nearly dropped to the damn floor. “Dean,” Cas called him softly, and Dean knew this was the moment he had been waiting for. It was all or nothing.
In a desperate attempt to stop the hellish downward spiral of his thoughts into self-loathing and deprecation, Dean leaned in and sealed his lips to Castiel's. The angel responded by holding him even tighter, trying to transfer every bit of reassurance that he could through their kiss. And for a fleeting moment Dean let himself believe in it. But the truth was they didn't know what was coming next.
“Are you alright?” It was a stupid question, the angel knew that, but it opened up the door for Dean to be able to say whatever it was he needed to say to process the heartache he had suffered and try to work through it.
Cas had his eyes closed as he stepped into the spray, much like Dean a few minutes ago, he appeared to be savouring every single moment of the peace and quiet. Tufts of brown hair flattened over his forehead as he soaked his head, making him look excessively adorable to Dean who had to fight the urge not to reach out and brush them back with his fingers. Not yet, anyway. Castiel looked relaxed. It was a significant moment in Dean’s mind, one worthy of remembrance. Seeing this look on his face was so rare these days. Dean would take whatever he could get.
