“Oh god—You’re brilliant,” Steve breathed out in utter relief. “Tony, we need to get to the address Fury sent you.
Tony shrugged before he set it back down. “Loki should be locked away on Asgard, if Thor stuck by his word or Loki didn’t just escape—” They both looked at each other, and it was as if the thoughts popped into their minds at the same time.
“Yeah? Well that doesn’t matter now, does it? Either way, this was kept from us and we want to know what the hell is going on,” Rhodey defended with a light glare.
Just then, Steve walked out of the elevator with Bruce by his side. Rhodey turned to them before he let out a soft breath that almost sounded relieved.
“Why would I kid about this?” Steve exclaimed before he grabbed Tony’s hand and led him into the living room. “See it for yourself.”
“There had to be something, right?” Tony moved closer, and suddenly Steve was aware he didn’t think to pull on more clothes than just his boxers. “I can try to help, but you have to tell me what you’re hiding from me.”
“It just tumbled out,” Tony sighed before he shrugged. “It wouldn’t surprise me if he already knew. Rhodey knows me better than I know myself.”
This it it! You made it to the last part :) It's been amazing writing this. I've never truly finished a project before, and it feels wonderful. Hopefully I can hold on to this feeling with the other ideas I have in mind.
He wanted more than anything to be able to turn his back and walk out to never see Steve’s face again. But Steve’s face is everywhere, and even though Tony was beyond angry with Steve, he didn’t want to risk the wrong person seeing Steve here.
I give him an amused look then pockets the keys. “Alright, Cap. But remember, this isn’t part of the mission – it’s only lunch.” I grin to Steve before I turn, heading over to where the napkins and ketchup were at. I caught the eye roll at the end too.
“Since when do PR events turn into birthday bashes?” Steve questioned as he sulked back into his seat. He wasn’t a big birthday person. He never was. Back in the forties, he was just focused on surviving. Now, in the twenty-first century, he was too preoccupied with more of the same, just for different reasons.
“Well, I mean…” Steve shrugged as his cheeks began to turn a faint pink. “I looked up Howard. Because Fury told me I’d be working with you for the Avengers initiative. Then I had to see who I was going to be fighting alongside of.”
“You’re truly something else,” Steve murmured affectionately as he leaned in. He gently grabbed Tony’s chin, bringing their lips together for a kiss. He pulled away after and smiled sweetly. “Let’s go enjoy ourselves then.”
Tony let his thumb hover over the faded green call button. Jesus, where did Steve find this thing? He shook his head again, trying to get his hazy mind to focus.
Steve sighed and slumped into his seat. “Yes, there’s something going on, but it doesn’t make my words any less true,” Steve tried to get Tony to believe him. “I promise. I don’t throw that word around.”
Tony laughed. “It’s a good thing. I’m liking this you,” Tony commented with a devilish grin on his face. “I’ll definitely want to see it more.”
Steve and Tony had come home from a mission the day before and didn’t feel like getting back into their work routine quite yet. It had been an unsettling mission.
“Look, Cap, I don’t want you to expect much from this,” Tony interrupted before much else could be said. “We were both drunk. Technically I was drunk, but you were
I glare at the sight before me then walks over to the car, knocking on the driver’s window. I wait impatiently as he rolled the window down before I push my glasses up my nose. “And what the hell do you think you’re doing?”
“Because it’s to me,” He defended before he melted in Steve’s touch. He couldn’t help it. “Just get that ass in the bath. I’m coming.”
It was vague, and Steve couldn’t help that, but Tony understood.
Tony let out a heavy breath. His muscles relaxed. He hadn’t realized how tense he was during that. He rubbed his hands over his face before he rested his elbows on the table. With his face covered in his hands, he couldn’t help but to chuckle.
“You—” Steve bit down on his lip before he got on his knees on the bed. “Fuck me,” He breathed out, not being able to form a complete sentence.
There was also a good bit of messages from Tony with a few voicemails in between. It made Steve’s heart clench when he put his phone away, effectively ignoring Tony’s worried messages. Though, Steve didn’t know what he would reveal over the phone.
“So,” Tony spoke as he pulled the mug away, his eyes piercing into Steve’s eyes with a faint twinkle as he woke up more. “How was that run of yours? Or should I say that goddamn marathon you torture yourself with.”
“Wait—What does that mean?” Steve tried to ask, but Tony had already slipped away and through the crowd.
Steve, now dressed, shot Tony a look before he shook his head with a small smile. “Whatever, Stark. If you need me, you know where to find me.” He rested his hand on Tony’s shoulder as he passed.
Steve had went up to the common floor of the tower and was on the strip outside. It was breezier up there, but it helped Steve remember that he was grounded. He was sat on the edge with his legs dangling over.
Tony raised an eyebrow and rested an arm over the back side of the couch. “I know we hang out a lot, and that sentence would be deemed genuine, except for under the circumstance that I know you’re hiding a big part of the loop.”
He pulled on his running clothes again, stretched in the kitchen, then walked out his apartment. Steve thought back to the night before how Tony actually slept. “JARVIS, is Tony in his suite again?” He questioned around the time he reached the stairs at the end of the hall.
“Of course. We can’t stop at five-thirty, Rogers. Are you crazy? Only six o’clock. Maybe even seven, but that’s pushing it,” I reply back seriously, but I can’t help the grin that tugged on my lips.
“It’s my turn for the radio,” I tell him as I change whatever station he had it on. Honestly, I zoned it out miles ago. Though if I’m recalling it right, it was some sports game. And yes, I might be being petty, but he snapped at me out of nowhere. So, yeah.
Back at headquarters, Fury came immediately once informed about the situation. Thor, along with other agents, ushered Loki into a cell that they made specifically Loki-proof after the events in New York. Steve and Tony went with Fury into a debriefing room.
“So, you’re telling me that you’re sending me to the middle of nowhere with the star spangled wall?” I exclaim as I move to sit on the edge of my chair.
Steve hadn’t even thought about trying to mess up the time schedule of the day. He thought about it for a moment before he gave Tony a nod. “Let’s suit up then.”
The fight was coming to him, and he had to be prepared. Though, Steve wasn’t prepared for what happened next.
Steve slowly turned around, so he could face them with a stony expression on his face. “You bastards!” He roared before he lunged at the one who had shot the gun at Tony.
who did that. It was The Winter Soldier. Bucky was not in control.”
Tony tried to think of what it could be. “Was it something I said?” He inquired. “Because I have a bad habit of saying things that makes a situation weird.”
It always needed to be charged at the end of the day when Tony spent his alone time staring at the number for Steve’s own little flip phone.
Rhodey rubbed a hand over his face. “So, let me get this straight: this started as a one-night stand that led to being friends with benefits that led to a relationship? And neither of you wanted to tell your closest friends because you were both too afraid to hurt our feelings?”
“Tony, please,” Steve just about begged before he rubbed a hand over the bottom half of his face. “This is something I have to handle myself. You’re not going to change my mind.”
“It’s none of your concern,” Steve tried to keep his voice and expression void of any tell emotions. “It’s…a PR event. I scheduled it myself.” He stared at Tony, waiting for him to move.
His thoughts paused before an idea popped in. He couldn’t be in the tower. So, he’d just have to go away from the tower.
One night Steve went to go check on Tony. He had been keeping himself in the workshop for most of the day. It was getting late, and Steve didn’t want Tony to sleep in a chair that wasn’t comfy or worse: not sleep at all.
If he could just slip underneath the waves…
I suppose to him I still wasn’t the most reliable for missions. Who could blame him?
Thor grinned. “Yes! The drink of the gods.” He pulled a bottle of it from inside the suit jacket he was wearing. “You seem to be a worthy man, Captain. Say, go get yourself a glass and I’ll pour you a drink.”
“Is it possible to dream too vividly?” He questioned to himself as he tried to understand it.
Tony’s confusion only grew deeper. “Well...just let whoever it is know I may be a little longer. I want to get freshened up since I don’t know who I’m presenting myself to.”
He balanced the four large-sized boxes in his arms before he walked back over with them. “When was the last time you ate?” He asked with an eyebrow raised as he set the boxes down on the coffee table in front of them.
“I don’t know, Steve,” I sigh, glancing up as the waiter brought our coffees and I give him a small thanks. “I don’t let people drive me around unless it’s Happy, and that isn’t often.” I was hesitant on letting people drive me ever since my parents got in that car crash all those years ago.
The sound of a broken nose first hit Steve’s ears before the pained groan accompanied by it. Now all two of them were aware of his presence – wait, two? Steve quickly spun around and sure enough the other two went around the place and trapped Steve where he was.
“I love you,” Tony suddenly stated with a stronger voice, though it had to have been just about all of his remaining strength. “Okay? I-It’s bad timing, but true.”
if we don’t even know what’s going on in the shit storm? It’d be like preparing for a category one hurricane when it’s really a category five,” Tony exclaimed with a dramatic wave of his hands.
Tony was practically glowing at that, wondering why it took one of Loki’s evil schemes to get them together. “I may disagree, but now isn’t the time for that. Let’s start our marathon!”
The next morning was when all hell broke loose. At first, it seemed like it would be a normal day. Steve got up before Tony as usual, and he wandered into Tony’s kitchen to start the coffee and watch some news. He wouldn’t get started on breakfast right away since Tony mostly woke up at least an hour after Steve.
He glanced over to me before he nodded, shifting in his seat before he tried to stretch out. “Alright. I need the stretch.”
Their relationship had taken a turn since it began two months before, and even a month from now. Fortunately, and as predicted, it was a turn for the better.
Tony’s lips were on Steve’s. Christ, Steve was rambling, and explaining to Tony about previous relationships between them two that he couldn’t remember, and Tony couldn’t help himself.
He didn’t hold his punches back this time, wanting to feel the seams give way under his punches. Though JARVIS’ voice rang from the intercom.
Once they finally parted their lips, Steve rested their foreheads together. “Tony, I swear on my mom’s grave that I didn’t mean it badly. God—I
“Has anybody told you how great you are?” I tell him relieved before I get in position to zip it. Okay, maybe I was being dramatic again, but who cares? My suitcase was about to finally be closed.
They looked at each other and shrugged before they decided to all go at once. Steve hit one with the shield, sending him barreling into another, as he jumped up and kicked one that was behind him.
Steve drank his black, but Tony added some creamer and sugar into his coffee. “Bucky and Ma used to say I was good at it, and that I could get somewhere with my drawings,” He smiled faintly as he thought of those two people. “I bet they never thought I’d get somewhere with a tall, muscular body.”
I let out a small laugh. “They’re comfier. That could be why.”
This Steve had a beard, and he didn’t look all that put together. As in, he doesn’t look like he’s had a decent shower in days. His uniform was dirty as can be. And yes,
Tony sat on the couch with Steve and watched him with apprehension. “Talk to me, Cap. I know it’s more than some bad dream.”
“Okay, why don’t you start from the beginning?”
Other Thursdays, Steve would just ask Tony for help finding Loki, even if he wasn’t declared lost yet.
He stared up at the off-white marbled ceiling as he gave Tony time to dissect everything that Steve revealed. His spiked coffee was long gone as he fiddled with the empty mug. Waiting for Tony to speak was silent agony and suspense.
Follow my Instragram @starkthesnark for more and for updates on new stories!
Tony had a curious glint in his eyes as he pulled into the parking lot. “Jarvis, pull up on Cap’s phone colored pictures of Captain America in the 1940’s.”
. Steve Rogers was still wearing the same Captain America uniform that Tony designed for him after the New York incident. Though, now it was dirty and noticeably hadn’t been washed with actual soap in what looks like decades.
A pause. “Tony?... Hello?” Steve again. Fucking Steve.
Steve’s eyes landed on Tony and he smiled. “So, it takes you going to bed yourself to come to this realization, that I – by the way – have been trying to tell you for months, that sleep is good for you?” He raised an eyebrow to Tony with the smile still on his face.
“Thank you for selecting me for a speech,” He said sarcastically before he grinned.
It was two o’clock sharp when Steve walked into my office the next day. I shouldn’t have been as surprised as I was though. Steve has always been punctual for as long as I’ve known him.
Tony grinned, practically beaming, as he finally looked back up to Steve. “You did it, Steve.”
Tony was under him, squirming and moaning and grunting, and Steve had his slicked hands on Tony’s bare skin. Steve kept his hands moving, but he thought back to the mission earlier.
Christ, thinking of that man alone had Tony knocking back the rest of his whiskey. Every other night or so, when Tony didn’t get so exhausted he’d just pass out, he would stare at the phone. Or sleep with it. Or just carry it anywheres he went.
Steve nodded a little then handed the keys to me. “Alright. I’ll order then get the drinks while you get condiments, napkins, and a table?” He suggested.
Tony quickly pressed the call button before he could change his mind, then pressed the phone to his ear as he got comfier against the side of the bar.
do anything,” Steve explained once the attention was on him. It was true – Steve felt like he always had to keep himself occupied once he woke up, as if he couldn’t waste any more time.
The metal broke under Steve’s force and the door opened. “I’m in,” Steve informed Tony as he moved stealthily through the building. He heard voices and headed straight for them, his footsteps light.
“Steve,” Tony shook his head then grabbed Steve’s hands. “If I never told you that I loved you before then told you as I was dying, it is definitely nothing near platonic.”
The check-in guy turned to his computer and typed quickly, searching through whatever files or spreadsheets for a room for us. “Yes, I can get a key now for it and have you both booked for it. Will you be paying credit or debit, and how many nights are you planning to stay?”
Next to go were Steve’s clothes, and from there it was a drunken frenzy that made Tony glad the floors were soundproof.
Steve pushed himself away from the counter and turned around to put some bread in the toaster. “I’m guessing you’re going to go back down to your workshop today?”
Steve’s smile gradually grew as he listened to and admired his boyfriend. “I wouldn’t be too surprised if any of them knew. I’d actually be more surprised if they
“Whose room?” Tony mumbled against Steve’s hungry lips as the kiss heated up more.
Steve smiled a little proudly before he rolled the window back up, adjusting the rearview mirror afterwards. “It’s not like I’ve never driven before, Tony,” He shrugged a little as I slid into the right side of the car. “They had cars back in the forties and I drove only a handful of times, sure, but I’ve driven a lot more in the past two years here.”
Tony and Steve nodded in unison, and they were filled in with the rest of the details. Once filed into the quinjet, the two sat across from each other fully suited up.
“You,” Steve swallowed before he started to take strides over to the other man. “I need
It’s been different ever since Steve started officially living there. It seemed as they didn’t butt heads as often, and it certainly helped with their missions with each other. One could say they even became friends in the past year.
Steve decided to lean his head back and close his eyes. He felt like he was spinning. “The people themselves aren’t threatening, not really, but do keep in mind they have alien weapons.”
to make one with a bit of personality. Stupid me.
He rubbed the back of his neck as he slowly began to let his guard down. “I think I’m repeating the same day,” Steve finally admitted as he slumped against the back of the chair. “This is the third Thursday in a row. I think I’m the only one who remembers it.”
I didn’t even want to let the public know. We were fighting Loki and saving the world one day, and the next an old image surfaced of my ex-boyfriend and I kissing back in college.
He had cried himself to sleep that night in Tony’s bed, and the pillow was wet from Steve’s tears. He watched the love of his life die. He watched his dearest friend fall to his death. He had his mother get eaten by tuberculosis.
He grunted before he laid down, putting his pillow over his head. Maybe if he went back to sleep, he could just sleep the day away then try it again tomorrow.
. Steve liked that more than he cared to admit at the moment.
Steve spun around quickly, mentally kicking himself in the ass. He shouldn’t have worded it that way. “Tony,
“Did the rest of your day go any differently? You know, from that dream you had,” Tony asked curiously as a silence fell on them.
The guy with the broken nose fired the gun at Steve, but it didn’t hit him like a normal gun would with a bullet. Instead, his ears started ringing painfully and was caught off guard. One of the men quickly took the chance and tackled Steve to the ground, and the others helped to hold him down.
He kept his front facing the doors as he gripped the handles tightly. His heart was beating out of control.
“And this didn’t happen either. Once I helped you get back here, I made sure you had everything before leaving.” Steve lips formed a line before he looked down and went back to the massage.
“Get lost,” The man sneered, cocking the gun.
Steve reached out and pulled the door open for us, letting me go in first. “I’m almost certain you already do to some extent,” He chuckled. “It’s like you never have an absence of knowledge.”
“Look at where being cocky got you,” Steve joked lightly to try to lighten the mood, though he frantically looked around for water and rag.
Steve couldn’t help the fond smile that broke across his face. It was slight, but if someone looked they could see it.
It wasn’t hard to either. Three of them came at Tony and Steve once in the apartment. Neither were the guy Steve was looking for. So, Steve fired the weapon gun at one, and Tony blasted the other two with each hand repulsor.
Besides, maybe I could use this time to finally unlock who Steve is. I only know him as Captain America, and I hate being one of the only ones not knowing him as Steve. He’s the leader of our little bunch. Shouldn’t he get to know everyone?
But Loki continued. “Yes, tell them Steve! Let them know how I, Loki, was the one to break Captain America – the Great Super Soldier. Let them know how you were so
Tony pressed himself against Steve as they kissed, wrapping his arms around Steve’s neck. Tony only pulled away, so they could both catch their breath.
Steve kept his hands clasped in front of himself despite the urge to comfort Tony and to hug his old friend. That moment was far from happening.
He shot me a look before he pulled his seatbelt across his torso. “Again: shut up.”
Steve went to tell Tony to focus, but the door cracked open to reveal one of the dealers with a gun – one of the alien weapons. He held the weapon in front of him defensively, his eyes skeptical and cold. He wasn’t who Steve was looking for.
He stared down at his phone dumbfounded. It felt so certain that yesterday had been Thursday. He even had the ache in the morning from the day.
It would be revolutionary.
Tony walked over with two mugs in his hands. He knew something was off, and it was obvious in the way his eyes looked over Steve to analyze him. He was always relaxed around Tony unless it was a mission and they had to be serious.
Steve’s daily alarm went off and he lazily pulled the blankets off his torso. It blinked
Tony sat at the table as well, never saying anything, and never taking his eyes off of Steve, until he had to put in his input about the events that just happened.
Steve laughed and nodded in agreement. “Oh, I am completely on board with that, Tony.” He stood up and stretched. “I’ll go grab my clothes and get out of your hair,” He yawned as he walked back into the bedroom. “I need to nurse this headache of mine.”
Tony looked up from smoothening an edge on the castle, the corner up his lips quirking up. “Got tired of the water?”
I grab what I need before I shut myself away in the bathroom, yawning as I set everything down on the counter. I use the bathroom, change into some pajama pants and a shirt, and brush my teeth before I get out within five minutes. We both just wanted sleep, so I didn’t want to take too long.
Steve suddenly stopped what he was doing. He looked up to where the elevator doors were and listened carefully before he breathed out a curse. “Someone’s one their way up in the elevator. It has to either be Pepper or Rhodey,” Steve warned as he set the toast and butter knife down.
This kiss was different. It was deeper, and held more meaning in it, that Steve couldn’t help but pull Tony closer. It was enough for Steve to finally feel grounded, to finally feel like he had control of everything again.
Rhodey walked over and raised an eyebrow. “You haven’t gone out in weeks without it being related to work or Iron Man. Who do you have plans with?” He crossed his arms.
He rubbed some lotion on his hands before he started to rub his hands and dig his thumbs into Tony’s back. Steve watched in admiration as Tony reacted to the touch with little grunts and relaxing muscles.
Tony couldn’t help the small chuckle that came out of him before he stood. “Come on, Captain America. Let’s go check out that brain of yours.”
It doesn’t matter though. Fury wouldn’t change his mind no matter what I persuaded or bribed or threatened him with.
He pondered on the question for a moment as he sipped his coffee. “Like, time travel?” Tony raised an eyebrow. He was trying to keep himself from cracking any jokes. Steve had his guard up, and Tony had to take him seriously.
“Go where?” Steve gave Tony a confused look.
“You really like to live on the wild side, huh?” Came Tony’s voice suddenly. Steve nearly jumped off the tower right then and there from how much he startled.
Tony sat back as Steve ate, checking some notifications on his phone. “I wanted to let you eat in peace, but Fury told me that they talked to Loki – with Thor there, of course – and he said he wanted to, well, ‘break you to break up the team’. His words.” He looked over to Steve before setting the phone aside. “Something about you being the heart and soul of the team. Which, as our leader, I agree.”
“Honestly?” Steve leaned against the back of the booth seat. “It was a complete embarrassment. All they wanted to see were the girls dancing their number,” He chuckled then rubbed the back of his neck, remembering how it felt being up on that stage. “So, the girls were sent back up and I sat in the back and sketched instead.”
“Sir, you only have fifteen minutes before you are supposed to meet in the garage as the Captain instructed.”
What in the world was going on?
Steve focused all his energy and focus on the bag as he let out any pent-up emotions. It was important for him, as leader, to be well-collected during a mission. His emotions can’t get in his way. So, he uses this time for a release of those emotions.
His lips tugged up at the corners as he thought of the end result to his newest creation. It would save time when fighting and thus could save countless of lives. Possibly even his own life one day.
It was a look that Steve used to almost despise, but since has grown to love it. His fingers twitched as he resisted the urge to pull Tony closer just like he would if they were alone.
“Tony, you know it wasn’t just that. There was also the acc—”
Once that was over with, Steve made his way straight for the medical center at Shield’s headquarters. The nurses directed him towards Tony’s room without question.
Tony chuckled, resting his hands over Steve’s for comfort. “Just minus all the kazoos and drunk people wandering around for someone to kiss.”
Tony got out as well, holding Steve’s phone out to him with a grin. “Yeah, I know. Howard was obsessed with you, remember?”
Steve just ignored it and stripped of his clothes before he collapsed onto Tony’s bed. He curled under the blankets and hugged Tony’s pillow to his chest. He was
Steve looked back out the window and shrugged, taking in this new information. “I was hungry, and we haven’t talked normally in a while.” A very,
Steve glanced around to make sure no one was around before he rested his hands on Tony’s waist, gently tugging to pull Tony closer. “We’re still on for dinner tonight?” The sweet smile returned on Steve’s face. He couldn’t stay mad at Tony, even if he wasn’t in the first place.
“You big sap,” Tony exclaimed as he shook his head with a fond smile. “I’m certain too. He may drive me crazy with all his healthy meals and exercising that he tries to get me to do with him, but I’m certain about being with him.”
Steve reflected Tony’s smile, it being contagious. “It’s just a little hobby I had before that helped me feel like this,” He waved his hand in the air. “Is normal. And that I didn’t get pushed into a new century that I don’t understand.”
Natasha sighed lightly. “You two are idiots. We would have respected either decision you made and this whole thing with us would have been avoided. Though to be fair, it would probably still be the same with the public unless you made a public announcement about it at some point.”
Tony remained silent as he resisted the urge to look over, and Steve knew Tony didn’t believe tomorrow would be Friday.
As many nights like this before, Steve and Tony ended up together in Tony’s bed, but compared to the first time, neither of them was drunk.
Even if it wasn’t like Steve, he would gladly ring Loki’s neck for what he’s put Steve through. It was madness. Steve had officially been in the loop for 150 days – approximately 5 months of Loki’s torture.
Steve sighed sharply before I heard him grumble defensively, “It’s a small car.”
“Son, just don’t,” Steve tried to warn so maybe this one could surrender himself. Of course, it wasn’t the simple.
How did this…thing between the two of you even start?” Rhodey asked in his confusion.
“Steve,” Tony called out before he could change his mind. Steve stopped in front of the two doors and turned back to Tony. “I’m going to accept your apology, but just know that nothing is forgiven or excused. For both of us.”
It was unpleasant and head spinning.
Steve froze again.
I carefully set my other bags in the trunk before I shut it closed. “Alright. Let’s hit the road!” I grin before I slide into the driver seat with ease.
“No, I don’t,” I snap back. “I can go get a coffee from inside if you’re worried about it, but I’m driving.”
Tony took that as a cue to grin. “Maybe you’re the genius after all, Cap.” He walked passed Steve on the way to the living room, patting his shoulder gently. “J, order four large pepperoni and black olive pizzas. You know from where.”
“Drive? What do you mean by drive there, Rogers?” I questioned with my eyes squinted at him and an accusing finger point to his face.
“Then he’ll do that. What he does isn’t my business, and I don’t think it’s yours either,” I point out and gives Steve a look. “Besides, it’s not a lot of money to me. What’s the point of having this much money if I’m not going to spend it or make good use of it?”
“Not long…” Steve trailed off. “It’s been, what? Three months?” He replied sheepishly as he rubbed the back of his neck.
“Roger that, Rogers.” Tony couldn’t help but chuckle at his own little joke.
Steve made an impatient noise before he completely pulled the blankets off the bed. “
.” He leaned back in his seat as his eyes remained glued on the screen. “Wait, hold up. Are those
The building was the exact same as the one in his dream, but Steve tried to put that out of his mind while they focused on the mission. He went through the same door as in the dream. Tony noted there were five dealers again.
” The news anchor questioned as the picture remained in the top corner of the screen. “So far we have no further insight on the apparent relationship between the two superheroes. We will…”
“Okay, are you just going to never look at me again? Or are you ever going to tell me what you didn’t tell Fury?” Tony crossed his arms and raised an eyebrow, a look in his eyes that would let Steve know he wasn’t backing down.
I raise an eyebrow at him. “One room. Two queen beds. Is that available?” I ask straight to the point. It was better to get settled for the night fast. And by the look on Steve’s face, I could tell he saw the magazine as well.
office in
“Sir, I’m sorry to interrupt, but your pizza is being sent up the elevator,” Jarvis interrupted. Tony sighed before he reluctantly got up, pulling away from Steve.
“Wait, you seriously don’t know?” Tony asked with a chuckle. “Cap, why do you think you’re one of America’s most wanted bachelor? Or America’s teen heartthrob? It’s not just because of you saving the world for everyone.”
“Stark, we don’t have a choice,” Steve interrupted this time, which, by the way, threw me completely off guard. I couldn’t help but to stare at him with my mouth open for a moment before I was able to compose myself. But he wasn’t done. “Fury wants us to take a car to not seem like we’re on official business that a jet or plane would seem like. It’s all about how we portray ourselves, remember? And if you hadn’t of stormed off, we would have gotten to talk about this,” Steve finished firmly.
“Is this thing on?” Came Tony’s voice throughout the crowd. The attention was on him immediately, and Tony grinned when all eyes were in him. He was certainly not one to shy away from a crowd.
“Steve.” Tony was going fast, and he knew it. He could feel the energy draining out of him as he clung onto Steve.
Steve didn’t meet either of their gazes. They knew. Tony knew. And Steve knew that he would never be looked at the same. “He needs to be seen by Fury. We’ll ride together.” His voice was void of anything, and he walked out without another word.
Tony chuckled as he stood from his chair then made his way over to Steve. “Let’s hope the rest goes the same.” He stopped in front of Steve with a grin. “Are you ready for this?”
people to give up some information.
, Tony…”
“I’ll probably do the same,” Steve somewhat decided as he set one of his bags down on the bed closest to the window.
Tony sighed as Steve set his plate down on the countertop. “At least I was able to enjoy some of my coffee before we got company.”
“Certain?” Tony questioned back in a small moment of confusion.
Follow my Instragram @starkthesnark for more and for updates on new stories!
Steve wondered if Loki was ever even truly taken away and simply let all the Avengers think he was taken so he could do this loop thing to Steve.
Tony parked the car before he quickly reached over for Steve’s phone, snatching it away while Steve was reliving his traumatic past. “I don’t ever want to forget them. And those girls in the shows? It really ties the whole thing together, by the way.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “Steve, how many times do I have to tell you that you can’t lie to me?” He leaned forward and quirked a brow to Steve.
He was getting annoyed with those.
Steve held the mug in both his hands for a moment before he lifted it up and took his first sip. “Is it possible to repeat a day?” He asked vaguely before he finally met eyes with Tony.
“Has it really been a long time?” Tony asked as he thought of the last time they just relaxed and talked. “I guess lately we’ve been catching up over missions or me working or you working out.”
“There’s obviously something going on with you today. And we need to talk about it. So, we need to be away from where people can find us.” Tony didn’t even glance over as he spoke, his emotions hidden on his face as if he had his helmet on.
Tony leaned in and kissed Steve again. It was soft, and sweet, and everything Steve wanted. “We should do that one day then. Now that this is over for you. Just me and you again. I used to not be a fan of the beach, but I feel like I’d enjoy it,” Tony promised against Steve’s lips, a smile on Tony’s lips. Steve breathed out and smiled slightly, resting their foreheads together. “I’ll even clear my whole day for you.”
“I…” Steve looked down to their hands, letting his thumbs brush over the tops of Tony’s hands. “I couldn’t handle it anymore,” He admitted defeatedly, his voice cracking. “I tried, Tony. I promised you one day that I wouldn’t give up on you, but that was the worst experience I’ve ever been through a-and…” His hands tightened on Tony’s hold. “I let you down. I’m sorrier for that than you can ever know.”
A laugh rumbled from Steve’s chest that was accompanied with a fond shake of his head. “That’s fair.”
Steve dismissed the idea of cards when Tony introduced the idea, and instead stuck to keeping the money he needed for the day in a money clip secure in his own pockets. Tony called Steve old fashioned for it, but then again, he is old fashioned. He’s old. And fashioned.
“Are you sure this is where you want to eat?” I ask unsure as I park at the Waffle House restaurant Steve asked about.
Everyone being the team, that is. As well as others close to them.
“If I’m not, then I’m screwed.” Steve forced out a small chuckle and Tony gave him a sympathetic look.
“Since as Captain America I tend to be the one people respect more, I’ll go around and see what the locals have to say.”
“Had a bad dream last night?” Tony asked in a gruff, tired voice as he trudged into the kitchen. Wearing the same pajamas he had in the dream. With the same messy hair.
At first Steve didn’t think it was a good idea for him to move into Tony’s tower. The two, well, they didn’t butt heads very well. Though Tony had offered all the other Avenger’s a place in the tower and he couldn’t very well exclude Steve.
Thor didn’t pry Steve about what Loki had said, waiting until they debriefed Fury about everything. Tony, surprisingly, kept his mouth shut. He was, well, heartbroken. He couldn’t find words.
Tony curled his robotic fingers into Steve’s shirt, trying to hold on a little longer. “Steve—” Tony called out faintly before his body went limp in Steve’s arms.
“It’s…” Steve breathed out a little, his face a little more closed off than it had just been. “It’s been going good.”
He hated being confused. Especially when something felt so real, yet it wasn’t. Like when he woke up at S.H.I.E.L.D. in the 21st century feeling like yesterday was still the 1940’s.
“That had to have been a lot of money though,” Steve continued, not quite understanding why. “What if he doesn’t use it for that, but for something bad?” He seemed stressed at the idea of me giving away a lot of money, which is odd for him.
Steve scratched the back of his neck and tilted his head up to look at the sky. “Are you sure? I could have sworn yesterday was sunny.”
Steve looked back over to Tony, wishing Tony had all the memories of the loop’s Thursdays. Why did it only have to be Steve? Why just him? “There’s really never a break, is there?” He chuckled. “It’s either your company or someone wants world domination.”
Steve raised an eyebrow as he watched Tony with an amused look. He’s never truly seen morning Tony before. Sure, he once found Tony asleep in his workshop or his office in the early hours of the morning, but never coming straight out of bed.
“You’re welcome,” He chuckled before he looked up at the menu, crossing his arms over his chest as he looked through his options.
Steve paused for a moment as he looked over to Tony, who was also taking a moment to think about the proposed question. “I’m certain,” He finally spoke up, and a smile gradually formed on Steve’s face. “I’ve been wanting to tell the team for the past week or so, because I’m certain that I want to be with Tony.”
Tony shook his head in disbelief. “God, Steve… How long has this been going on for?”
The smell of burning flesh filtered through the air.
Steve sipped at his coffee as did Tony. “I sent Bucky to King T’Challa for care. They’ve helped him. He can’t be mind-controlled anymore. He’s not a threat, and Bucky Barnes never was.”
“Meet me there in five. I’ll tell Jarvis to let you up.” Tony winked to Steve before he sauntered off.
Steve started the bike then peeled out before Tony could manage to convince Steve to let Tony tag along. Once again, he peeled through the streets of New York to the building.
He shrugged and grinned loosely before he tipped back more of his drink. “I haven’t felt like this since—” Steve paused as he started to sway. “Since the second war. Before the serum.”
Tony got off first. His hair wasn’t much of a mess, though only because he had been shielded by Steve’s torso for the majority of the wind.
Today, unlike yesterday – the dream, Steve busted the punching bag and sent it flying across the room.
“It’s the truth,” Steve stated with desperation, getting out of the car in a hast. “Every Thursday we got called for the same mission by Fury. It was about weapon dealers and the weapons were alien. That was all the information we were given. And I bet you all your money that you got a call from Fury while we were eating and just ignored it, right? Another reason that you didn’t head back towards the tower, right?”
It was on every magazine.
“Most likely,” Steve agreed with a soft chuckle. “And lately I’ve been known for having a higher chance of getting you into bed.” His words were innocent, but the smirk that tugged on Steve’s lips begged to differ.
Steve laughed softly and finally looked down to his boyfriend and away from his book, a twinkle in his eye. “Oh, I’m not complaining.”
Tony put a hand on the car and leaned on it, staring at Steve with both shock and confusion. “I don’t feel comfortable taking that bet,” He stated in defeat after a moment of silence.
Tony looked at Steve analytically. “Steve, just talk to me. We’re friends, right? I thought we had gotten closer since you moved into the tower. We don’t argue as much at least.”
Steve grabbed Tony’s hands in his and squeezed gently. “We’ll meet in the garage in ten minutes. Thank you, Tones.” Everything that Steve wanted to say, but didn’t, was held in his eyes. He let out a breath and closed his eyes before he pulled away. “I’ll meet you there.”
The other Avengers were beginning to get skeptical of Tony. He was being different and ditching the team randomly without any explanation. Who else could he be spending his time with?
“Sounds convincing to me,” I reply before I look down to my notepad. “The guy will probably need the library’s computers for research or parts. He might even have his own internet, but we can start there first,” I suggest with a shrug as I read over my crazy notes.
Steve sat there and listened – really listened – to Tony. It was mesmerizing, the way Tony spoke so passionately. Steve could listen to Tony speak all day. When Tony was done explaining everything, Steve leaned over and kissed Tony sweetly and innocently. God—Steve was falling hard.
did it. I…I love you so much.” He set the phone aside and pulled Tony into a hug that Steve needed dearly.
“Either way, thank you for this, Stark.” Steve’s voice was sincere and dipped in affection, and this time it was Tony’s turn to resist the urge to grab Steve by the shirt and kiss him senseless.
Tony shook his head and paused a moment before he moved to walk closer to Steve, their shoulders and arms now brushing against each other along every step they took. “No, you won’t, Cap. What I do for you doesn’t put a dent in my bank accounts nor is it anything out of my way.”
Tony raised an eyebrow to Steve over the rim of the coffee mug as he sipped on his coffee. “So,” He set the mug back down, but he wasn’t letting it go. “What are you apologizing for, exactly? Because I’ve just been hearing excuses.”
Tony had his eyes closed at this point, and he smiled lightly as he listened to Steve. “It was no problem, Cap. I knew you’d like it even if you wouldn’t at first,” He shrugged off.
“About what?” Tony’s voice was luring and soft, and Steve couldn’t help but step closer into Tony’s warmth.
“It was also a bit of a surprise to us,” Chimed in Bruce as he appeared next to Natasha. “Then again, it is your 30th birthday.”
Steve let out a soft, relieved breath. “You never seize to amaze me.” He told Tony softly before he took a gentle hold of Tony’s hand to guide the two to sit down.
Steve couldn’t help but laugh as he made his way over to the other man. “How bad are the damages?” He asked in an amused voice as he rested his hands on Tony’s waist.
Tony went to say something, but Steve wasn’t done. If he didn’t get it out now, he wouldn’t want to continue the conversation.
“Yeah, that’s probably the smarter idea,” Rhodey laughed as he stood up. “Well, enjoy the rest of your morning. What’s left of today will be chaotic.”
Well, that’s what he kept trying to convince Steve of.
“You look…really good,” Steve commented with his oh-so-tender voice. It had been an awkward couple minutes while Tony processed what was actually going on.
“You mentioned at the table how you’ve never seen me in sweatpants before, right?” I continue, glancing to Steve over my shoulder as I swing the car keys around my finger. “If you hung out on the communal floor more often, you’d see me there in sweatpants occasionally if I’m not busy at the moment.”
“I’ve slept in worse ways,” I wave off with a small smile. “Caves and all. But I will gladly take the wheel again.”
Steve shook his head to himself before he picked it up without complaining. He was probably too antsy to get on the road to put up much of a fight over something like this.
Did Jarvis just say what I think he said? “No. I’m not going to hear this shit from you too,” I snap at the ceiling.
It was better for Steve to stay underground anyways. He was still classified as a wanted criminal, but only under the table. The government didn’t want the world to freak out over Captain America’s arrest warrant. The government still wanted to profit off Captain America merchandise.
That thought made Tony chuckle, but it was bitter and tasted like his whiskey. Steve Rogers with a flip phone clipped to his belt, sitting right next to a dagger or a gun holster. Quite a sight that would be.
.” He let go of the mug to rub his hands over his face again. “I’ve had some bad break ups before, but that takes the cake.”
“Look, it’s still pretty early in the day. Maybe the rest of the day will go differently than your dream,” Tony attempted to comfort when he saw Steve getting frustrated. “Sometimes – I mean, it’s rare – but dreams can be pretty accurate.”
I snicker before I start to pull away. “What? I’m just trying to congratulate you on your success,” I defend in an attempted innocent voice. Of course, when am I ever innocent though?
The crowd filled with claps and cheers, and Tony looked around with a proud grin. “I also disguised this as a birthday party for our one and only Captain America!” He exclaimed rather enthusiastically as he held a hand out in the direction of said person. “I think our Captain should come up and say hello. Don’t you think?”
over tights?!” He zoomed in on the picture before he laughed. “This is so much better than your current suit. It flatters your ass more too.”
Tony cocked an eyebrow up. “Why do you think that is?” He inquired with his grin only getting bigger.
Tony made sure everything was placed correctly on Steve before he went over to the monitor to check the brainwaves. “Let’s try our tactics different then. You said each day we did the same thing, right?” He glanced over with a hopeful twinkle in his eyes that Steve couldn’t quite place. “Maybe if we mix it up, it’ll break whatever this is. You know, like finding a secret doorway out of it.”
“You don’t have to say it back,” Tony assured once he caught his breath. “You’ve been through a lot.”
Tony nodded slowly as he took in Steve’s advice, shoveling another bite into his mouth and ruining what would be considered a nice moment. Though it was Tony, and it was a Tony thing to do. Which made Steve love the moment even more.
“In the ‘dream’ you were shot with something that was acid-like. It ate through your armor and got on you,” Steve paused the massage as he thought back to it. “It burned your front pretty badly. You had to go to medical for it.
Tony stared in utter confusion, reaching over and grabbing both of Steve’s wrists gently. “I’m not following here, Cap. Use your words.”
glad you asked, Captain America,” I send him a grin before I turn on my heel and walks back over to the suitcase. “I would deeply appreciate it if you used your super soldier strength to close my suitcase for me.”
is seems like it’s been just clouds. Today’s the first day without ‘em.”
Steve greeted Thor with a nod before he smiled. “I am, for the most part. Tony sent me here actually.” He rubbed the back of his neck. He didn’t really know how to bring it up without being rude. He didn’t like asking for things all too often. “He said you have this Asgardian drink?”
“I know,” Steve replied softly, resting his own hand over Tony’s. “Whether this works or not, I want to thank you, Tony. I’ll at least have a clue for next Thursday because of you if this isn’t over.”
Tony rolled his eyes before he grabbed the microphone with a smile. “You’re our star guest, literally,” He chuckled. “It was only right.”
Steve leaned back and tried to relax as he bounced the thought around in his mind. “That’s definitely worth trying. Maybe we can go in together through the wall you busted through.”
In the meantime, I was trying to keep myself busy. If I wasn’t busy, I was on edge and irritable. It also didn’t help that Steve Rogers was everywhere I went.
Tony picked up his fork and took a bite of his eggs. “Fine. You two want answers? We’ll give them. So, stop getting your panties in a twist, Rhodey Bear.”
“Steve, what—”
Tony bounced those words around his mind as he chewed his food. “You do know you live with me, right? The Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist! You don’t have to worry about not having money. You’re a teammate
A party was hosted at Stark Towers for their investors and business partners. This, of course, included all the Avengers.
Loki was making the loop harder too. They days would sometimes randomly change to the next Thursday without warning, and Steve would feel more sleep deprived than he already had. He finally understood how Tony felt after those long nights – or
I push open the door to the gym a little harder than necessary, and I storm over to where Steve was currently bench pressing who knows how many pounds. It looked like the weights could easily crush my Iron Man suit, but it seemed like Steve was handling them as if they were pool noodles.
In the meantime, Tony was busying himself by doing a couple things on his phone – most likely catching up with things from his company and Pepper. That made Steve feel guilty. Tony dropped everything to go find Steve. What if they got together after the loop and Tony got his priorities mixed up because of Steve?
It was Steve Fucking Rogers.
“Hm.” Tony closed his eyes again. “Why would my injury be the only thing different? It seemed to affect everything after it too.”
Steve chuckled lightly then shrugged his shoulders. “Apparently so. I didn’t even make the connection,” He answered modestly.
We had stopped for dinner around six, caught the beginning of the dinner rush, and only stopped once after that for gas that was also our bathroom break. We both decided it was best to drive until we couldn’t anymore in order to get some road behind us. I could only last until a quarter after midnight before I exited the interstate.
Steve laid his head back and closed his eyes, his arms secure around Tony. “Let’s just sleep here. I’m comfortable and don’t feel like moving.” A small smile broke across Steve’s face.
He didn’t see us at first from whatever magazine he was reading, but he hastily set it aside when we got closer to the counter. Was that a Playboy magazine? “U-Uh, how may I help you?” He asked unsteadily then cleared his throat.
I shouldn’t have trusted Thor to take Loki by himself.”
This was not the last time for the two to hookup.
“It wasn’t the worst speeches I’ve ever heard,” Rhodey commented with a side glance to Tony. “Trust me.”
There was a pause before Steve stood up. “Yeah, you’re probably right. I’m going down to the gym.” He grabbed his last piece of toast and his coffee cup.
Steve braced his hands on either side of the punching bag as he listened, soft pants coming from his mouth. He was sweaty and knew that it would be uncomfortable in his suit, so he headed for the locker room as the punching bag swayed lonely behind him.
The tension built up between them as Steve pressed closer to Tony, so their chests were touching. “Tony,” His voice was desperate. “This is what I need.”
They drifted away from the city as Steve drove them through back roads and towards abandoned fields and meadows. He finally stopped them at one before he pulled them to the side of the road.
Steve’s smile got bigger and he accidentally abandoned the conversation he was in before. “Hey, I guess we both got distracted.” He chuckled. “I’m having a good time though.”
“Don’t,” Tony snapped and glared down at his coffee. “You know it wasn’t really about the accords. You used that as an excuse since you already hadn’t agreed with them. You couldn’t-You couldn’t just sign the damn papers.”
Back at the quinjet, Steve sat anxiously. All his muscles were tensed from being on edge. He couldn’t wait to go to sleep and wake up from whatever day this was.
Steve looks at my a little stunned before he just chuckles again. “As I said before, you have no absence of knowledge, Tony Stark.”
“Yep,” Tony grinned ear to ear. “But enough about that. What made you want to get breakfast today?” He glanced over as he drove.
“Stark, is everything okay?” Steve asked with his soldier voice as he put up the bar.
Tony scowled at the wall behind Steve. He didn’t want to meet Steve’s eyes. “What can I say? I live for the drama.”
Steve’s lips formed a gentle smile before he followed. “I’m pretty hungry too. My appetite is huge, you know.”
Steve tossed off his hand wraps before he made his way to the garage to meet Tony. He had grabbed a towel on his way out, so he could wipe himself down. He felt sweatier than yesterday – the dream.
Steve glanced over to Tony in annoyance before he jumped and kicked another guy. “It’s complicated, Tony. Drop it.”
“Since we aren’t suited up, I just need you to cover me as I sneak around. All I have to do is look at the weapons.” Steve glanced back to Tony before the two of them made their way into the building that Steve’s been in too many times.
Steve grinned again before he loosened up Tony’s tie. “You do it to me. How is this any different, sweetheart?” He quirked a brow up at Tony.
Tony relaxed with each leg on either side of Steve, his arms loosely draped over Steve’s shoulders. “I need me more Steve time,” He pouted, resting his forehead on Steve’s.
Steve felt the blush on his cheeks anyways, and he couldn’t help but think of his hands roaming over the front of Tony’s chest. “I-I really should, you know, get going,” Steve stammered before he picked up his shield and suit from the corner of the room. “The dream has me all on edge.”
And Steve, poor Steve, would just cave and tell Tony everything.
Steve held his almost empty coffee mug out to Tony. “I’ll take whatever you’re getting,” Tony gave Steve a questionable look seeing as Steve couldn’t get drunk. “I need the burn.”
Steve’s lips stretched into a smile before he kissed Tony. “I say I’ll meet you there, Tones.”
There wasn’t much else Steve wanted to say after, so he kept himself from saying anything or he would ramble and end up freaking out. He didn’t want to do that, especially when Tony was sitting right next to Steve, so close to each other.
Tony pulled back and quirked a brow. “Is this
“I’ll try my best, Captain,” I reply, giving him a half-assed salute before I lean the chair back all the way. I tuck away my glasses before I settle back, letting my eyes fall shut.
That drew in Steve’s interest. It had been a long time since he’s gotten drunk. Tony saw Rhodey and got distracted. He went over to greet his friend, so Steve started to walk around in hopes to find Thor.
Steve pinched the bridge of his nose. “He was just supposed to tell you I was out. Not that other part.”
in a while. I’m proud to admit – without admitting everything, of course – that I’m saving myself for someone,” He joked with the last few words, but the rest of it was true. Tony wasn’t having sex with anyone because he had his eyes on someone.
I grin. “I know I don’t eat healthy, but I do have other healthy tendencies,” I joke with him as the waiter comes back with the receipt. “Not much, but that’s one of them for you.”
“Are you sure this is the right address?” Tony raised an eyebrow to Steve before he put his sunglasses on.
I grin a little to myself before I walk out the room. “Rogers, what’s the four-one-one?” I ask as I fold my arms over my chest accompanied with a curious look. I didn’t expect to see him until the morning.
“Took you two long enough,” He breathed out with heat to his words as he stood from his chair. Steve went to open his mouth and respond but decided that was better left unexplained. Fury would make jabs at them, joking about some chemistry between them, but now wasn’t the time for joking. And Steve knew it was purely joking when it happened.
Steve’s smile tugged a little wider as he watched Tony before he turned around, pouring Tony a cup of his own coffee. “J told me you actually went to bed last night,” Steve mused as he turned around and handed Tony the mug filled with steaming coffee.
“Tony, the point is I’m sorry. Everything got so…so carried away. I was stubborn. It’s a bad habit of mine that apparently got enhanced after the serum,” Steve grumbled the last part to himself, and Tony couldn’t help the feeling of a smile coming on. But it was just a feeling. “Bucky… After my mom died, I only had Bucky. He offered to take me in, but I was too stubborn even for that.”
“Area is out of reach. I suggest immediate medical attention,” JARVIS suggested with concern of his own.
Neither let go of the other’s hand.
“I’m not done with you,” Tony stated with a finger pointed towards Steve, though a soft expression on his face. Almost pitied.
“That I would be envious for, but I’m always on my feet or doing some heavy lifting that I don’t have to worry much,” Tony smirked to Steve before driving off. “I used to do other activities that helped burn calories as well, but not so much anymore.”
Steve held his hands up in defense. “I wasn’t thinking about this turning into some…relationship, Tony. Don’t worry,” Steve chuckled before he lowered his hands. “I just knew we needed to talk about it now before it gets awkward with us. I don’t want this to affect our friendship and the way we work.”
We eat in a silence for the most part, until Steve started to speak up once I was only munching on my fries. “Did you get enough rest?” He asked me kindly, having finished his own burger and made his way to his own fries.
Steve rolled his eyes before he slumped down into one of the conference room chairs. There was an audible crack as Steve’s super soldier weight was set on the poor chair. “
“We need gas, so if you need to use the bathroom, now would be a good time to go,” I tell Steve as I exit the interstate.
Steve looked over to Tony and smiled. “We can post about it on that social media platform you were talking about. What was it called? Tweeter?”
Even while on an undercover mission, Natasha had called and texted Steve once the news reached where she was. It was on worldwide news.
Steve chuckled and set his beer on the coffee table to pull his burgers out of the large bag. “Thanks, Tony.” He unwrapped one and took a big bite out of it as he rested his elbows on his knees, hunched forward tiredly.
Steve let out a small chuckle. “It was a surprise to me as well, but I’m enjoying myself, so I’m thankful for this.” He paused so he could glance around. “Speaking of, I need to find Tony to thank him again for all of this.”
Steve looked at himself in the mirror in his bathroom. He was suited up with the cowl off. His physique was as normal as ever, but his eyes held all of his exhaustion. “JARVIS, don’t let anyone know I’m leaving. Especially Tony.”
My younger self would be thrilled over this, but this also isn’t the same Steve that I grew up as a kid thinking about. He definitely isn’t the same Steve that my father bragged about.
“Don’t even bother,” Steve grunted out before he looked out the window. “We need to get going.”
Steve dropped his phone and frantically searched for his tv remote.
The kiss was void of anything sexual, but that’s what Steve needed. The night before he needed more than just a kiss, but at this moment, Tony felt it was comfort Steve needed.
“Tony?” Steve waved his hand in front of my face, and my vision refocused, and I blinked a couple times. “You seem in pretty deep thought there. I asked what you were ordering?”
Ten minutes past five was when Steve finally decided to come hound me for being late, and man am I glad to see him.
Once he finished his breakfast, Steve pulled on some clothes he can ride with before he tugged on his leather jacket. He had to leave the tower. How had that idea not entered his mind before? Probably because it felt like running away, but he felt that’s all he could do at a time like this.
“Promise me that you won’t give up.” Tony looked straight into Steve’s eyes. “If I know anything – and damn do I know a lot – one thing is for sure, you can defeat whatever this is.”
Steve tensed at the touch, trying not to melt into it. “Tones…”
It wasn’t but a few minutes later that the music cut off and there was feedback from someone tapping on the head of a microphone. That someone was no other than Tony Stark standing on top a table more towards the center of the crowd.
I crack a grin then starts the car, pulling out of the garage. “I know. I was only waiting for my passenger to get all buckled.”
Steve shook his head to himself. That’s exactly what he couldn’t think about.
Thinking of that made Tony halt. Bruce doesn’t even know who Bucky is. Well, everyone who knows Steve Rogers knows who Bucky Barnes is. Though Bruce wouldn’t know Bucky as the Hydra Assassin commonly referred to as The Winter Soldier.
“This is going to be hell,” I grumble to myself as I lean back.
Asgard.
I look at the clock before I take a look outside, and was I seeing this right? “Burger King?” I turn my head to Steve and raises an eyebrow. “Why here?”
“Yep,” Tony finally spoke as he gladly took the hot mug in his hands. “One second I’m tinkering like the tinker I am, and the next I got so tired I couldn’t even focus on anything. I guess all the sleep caught up with me,” He chuckled tiredly before he took his first sip of coffee.
“I remember those!” Tony exclaimed in excitement as he hit his steering wheel. “When I was younger I snuck into my dad’s office and found those videos on his computer. Fuck, I had completely forgotten about them.”
When he got closer, Steve saw the way Tony was sitting to where he wasn’t hurting his back. With pursed lips, Steve made his way over to Tony.
Tony closed his eyes and let out a sharp breath. “Can I at least have coffee first? And maybe some breakfast?”
I blinked at him. “Pun intended?” I guessed, grinning loosely to Steve.
“Nah, I’m good,” Tony smiled to Steve before he went back to looking for a movie for them. Steve walked back over.
Memories of past intimate Thursdays flashed through Steve’s mind and he turned to look out the window as a blush formed on his cheeks. “You mean, uhm, fondueing?” Steve mentally face-palmed. This wasn’t the 1940’s anymore. And that wasn’t even a saying then.
They began to yell at each in hushed tones, and it sounded like they were getting ready for something. Though before anything could happen, Tony burst through the side of the building into the crowded room and started firing his repuslors at the dealers.
Steve, with his elbows propped on the counter and mug held up in his hands, grinned up to Tony. It was certainly a change from grinning down at Tony. “It was nice. Since it was still early, the heat wasn’t a problem.”
I stare in disgust at his monstrous burger. “What the hell is that thing?”
“Speaking of that—”
Steve had his head tilted back over the top of the back of the chair. He felt delusional. He felt like this isn’t something any sane person would admit aloud, let alone be dealing with.
Tony pulled himself away to go look around for Steve. It was his birthday after all, and Tony wanted to be there for his boyfriend on his birthday. Before he could reach Steve, who still wasn’t seen by Tony, he got pulled into a conversation with Clint.
Steve’s smile widened once he got an idea. “I have an idea then,” He stated then pulled on his leather jacket. “You’re going to need your sunglasses though.”
Steve relaxed at that. Tony always believed him. “Two weeks now,” He sighed tiredly before he rubbed a hand over his face. “Nothing I do or nothing you suggests works.”
Steve lifted his head up after almost an hour of it being there to give Tony his version of a bitch face.
He simply shook his head with a small smile. “Yes, I’ve read up on that,” He dismissed before he realized exactly what he said.
Eventually he stopped going to Tony to try to figure it out. Every time it was the same thing. Of course, it wasn’t Tony’ fault. He couldn’t remember what he previously said to come up with something new. It just got tiring to hear the same exact thing.
Though, they’d have to capture Loki first to find out.
I couldn’t help but laugh. Not at him, just as what he said. “No, but you got close. It’s called ‘Back to the Future.’ And yes, like that movie,” I correct for him, grinning over to Steve.
Steve put his hands in his pockets when inside Tony’s suite, thinking back to every Thursday they spent in here that Tony has no recollection of. He wasn’t as tense anymore now that he was away from Loki’s presence, and he was only in Tony’s presence.
“I don’t get to forget it. Which in this moment I am more than thankful for,” Steve assured and gently squeezed Tony’s hand. “And when this is over, I’m going to bring you back here and tell you all of this again, plus every single Thursday that I’ve been through.”
Despite what Rhodey says, I don’t like him. We’re barely even friends.
Steve nodded and shook Sam’s hand. “Will do. I’ll see you tomorrow then.”
But as Tony poured himself yet another glass of whiskey, he couldn’t help his wandering eyes from going back to the inferior phone.
“The…The what?” Steve questioned back with his brows scrunched up in confusion. Right, he was a man out of time. Despite being here for almost two years now, he still wasn’t caught up on everything. No one expected him to be, though.
“Then I missed 66 birthdays and I lost track. I don’t know if I should say I’m 30 or 96.” The crowd laughed at Steve’s joke, though Tony caught the genuine confusion.
“Steve—” Tony gasped out before he looked up to meet Steve’s worried eyes. “I-I don’t think…”
Steve let the wind whip through his short hair as he drove away from the city and, more importantly, the tower. He didn’t know where he was going exactly, he just knew he had to be away. It seemed getting out of New York would suit that need.
“This is going to be a long drive,” I breathe out as I start to follow the directions via Jarvis. “Are you ready for it, Cap?”
There was no progress. And worst of all, Steve started to realize something as he focused more on every little detail from everyone around him.
“I’m going for a swim,” Steve chuckled in response. He took off all his clothes except for his boxers. He was hoping a swim could help him relax.
With his hands in his pockets, Steve walked alongside Tony – notably at a safe distance – as they made their way towards where the party was centered at. Steve was quickly whisked away by the numerous people wishing him a happy birthday, and Tony was whisked away by the people groveling at his feet and others trying to talk business.
Steve finished unwrapping his burger, and he picked it up with both hands. “It may not be the healthiest food, but it looks good.”
Maybe I’m just having a heart attack.
Steve shrugged almost sheepishly. “I had. Is there a problem with that?” He asked timidly – just in the slightest way though as if to hide it. Fortunately for me, I’ve gotten good at reading people over the years. It’s been the only thing keeping me and my business afloat.
Fortunately for both Steve and Tony, it was only a couple more minutes until midnight. Steve had tensed up with each passing second, and Tony felt all of it against Steve’s side that he was curled in to.
The waiter stops over and grabs the check, walking away as he looked down at it to see his tip. He freezes for a moment before he turns to our table with his mouth hanging open, and I was already watching with a grin.
Tony held his hands up. “I had to take the attention off myself,” He defended. “Plus, they don’t have anything to go on. Rhodey doesn’t suspect anything between us.”
There was a pause before the toast popped up, and Steve grabbed the butter from the fridge. “Anyone out on a mission today? I haven’t checked my phone yet today,” He spoke before he chuckled to himself. “I honestly can’t remember where I put it.”
Once Sam left and Steve began walking back towards the tower, he took a look at his phone. Sure enough it displayed
“The look on that guy’s face was
my friend.”
,” I laugh lightly as we walk down the corridor to the room. “I really shouldn’t have been surprised. It’s one a.m. at some random hotel on the border of Wisconsin and Minnesota.” Steve must have taken my threat seriously from earlier and drove at the exact speed limit whenever he was behind the wheel.
“My type?” Steve’s eyebrows raised. He wasn’t expecting that question, but he saw it as an opening. A smirk formed on Steve’s face as he took note of Tony’s step closer. “Usually shorter than me, witty, and somehow makes being an asshole sexy.” The last part was mostly a poke at Tony’s attitude at times, and luckily Tony caught that.
There wasn’t a moment wasted after. Steve held the gun up for his own defense as he stalked his way inside. Tony didn’t waste any time following, looking around and keeping his hands held up.
I put my hand to my chest, pulling on a fake hurt expression. “And here I thought you were just caring about my wellbeing, Cap.”
Tony sighed, obviously not pleased with it, but he still took a moment to examine his arm. “I mean, considering that I just had a heavy punching bag punched at me by a super soldier, not bad,” He chuckled. “No damage. It’ll probably just be a bruise and a lot of soreness. No worries, okay? Now, back to you.” Tony crossed his arms and eyed Steve skeptically, though Steve didn’t miss the slight wince from Tony.
The captain almost smiled at that. It was a start for them; a new beginning, perhaps. At least, that was the hopeful thinking. “Remember, you know how to reach me.” Steve tapped on the flip phone he had attached to his belt before he finally walked out.
Tony laughed before he waved his hand in the air between them, dismissing Steve’s apology. “I know all about that. When the Avengers first got called together, and even before that, I read reports on you from before and after. And I had a good laugh on the half-hearted complaints about your food consumption.”
“Sure, you could put it that way.”
“Stark? Are you in here?” He asked hesitantly since I was still hidden away in my room, though I could see him from the doorway. I should probably go out there.
He left his workshop - more like stormed out of it - when he couldn’t clear his mind enough to work. That was around 9:00pm.
“Because you have an old soul?” I guess with a grin, and Steve only shook his head with a small smile.
Tony pressed the now closed phone to his forehead, right between his eyebrows, as he tried to take a deep breath.
Tony grumbled as he climbed behind Steve on the motorcycle. “Tony Stark does not ride bitch.”
Steve snatched the file before Tony could and looked through it. It was the same file from his dream and not a single detail was different. “Right. Got it.” He pursed his lips together before he pushed out of his chair. “I’m going suit up. Meet you at the quinjet,” He told Tony before Steve practically stalked out of the room.
“I can’t believe my two favorite people are bashing on me,” Tony exclaimed dramatically before he caught what he said. “T-Two favorite people around me, that is,” He added somewhat casually.
“Uh yeah, hard pass on that,” Tony stated immediately with a light smile on his face as he watched Steve. “You go torture yourself without me.”
He put his phone away and stared back out into the water instead. He couldn’t run, so he wasn’t going to try. He might as well enjoy the view that he stopped for before Tony convinces him to return to New York.
Steve stared down at his lap. He was terribly aware that Tony had been looking at him that whole time. He still didn’t want to talk about it or about anything related to it. But he wanted to be by Tony, and he couldn’t have both.
The suit was sitting on the shore leaned back with one leg resting on top of the other – a very Tony pose. Though he wasn’t out of the suit yet.
“Mr. Rogers, you are requested at S.H.I.E.L.D headquarters with Mr. Stark immediately. A mission is waiting.”
I can’t get too mad at him. Him and Pepper are the sole reason this company is still afloat after all these years without Obadiah. I much prefer those two anyways.
Steve grunted in response as he looked out the window, his face clouded over from thinking. I only shake my head before I drive back out to the road. Only thirty-two or so hours left, not including stops.
“What if this goes on for weeks? How would I even handle that?” Steve rubbed his hands over his face. “The same thing over and over… I’ll go insane. The serum can’t stop that.”
“You can dig deeper,” Tony all but moaned as he pushed his back up into Steve’s hands. He blushed and swallowed thickly, pushing deeper. He needed to distract himself. The massage was a bad mistake.
Steve collapsed on his bed once he spent plenty of time in the shower after what just conspired up in Tony’s suite. He rolled onto his stomach and folded his arms under his pillow. Tomorrow is another day. He could put the whole dream behind him.
“Perfect.” Steve smiled to himself before he walked in, closing the door behind himself. He didn’t bother glancing around in what would be curiosity. He’s been in there enough to know where everything is and what objects are lying around.
“Well, it’s America’s birthday, and Steve’s birthday,” Tony shrugged and grinned. “Besides, Steve is our leader. He deserved this.” He tried to remain casual, but he knew that Clint would be suspicious if he was sober. Luckily, Clint was not.
It wasn’t necessarily a bad thing, and I didn’t mind the guy, but he was always so tense and couldn’t just relax. It was hard to hang around him when he was just so…closed off.
Steve’s eyes snapped open before they widened in horror. “Tony—!” He hurried over and grabbed Tony’s shoulders, quickly examining the other male.
I rub my eyes roughly before I step out the car, sighing in relief at the feel of the flat ground. “Shit. I’m so ready to just get in a bed and
Steve let out a breath, glad for the great timing. “Maybe it would be of better comfort for you to have your brother by your side as I punch your face in.” Steve’s voice started as a threat but turned into an angry growl with balled fists at his sides.
There was an empty booth near the back that I guide Steve towards. It was better than staying by the windows and by the other filled tables.
Steve shrugged as he kept his eyes strained on the road ahead of him. At least I know he’s diligent. “Yeah, I see it. Though I think I’m just tired of not talking. There’s only so much quiet a man can take,” He dismissed, though I noticed how that last sentence was spoken – ironically – quieter.
Since it was mid-spring, not many people were on the beach unless to enjoy the sand and the beauty of nature. Here and there were scattered couples or families enjoying the day, but not many – if any – people were in the water. Dogs were in the water though.
“Yeah. But it just so happens to line up with the others’ schedules. Or is that a coincidence?” I snap back in defense before I turn and get in the car. What the hell just happened there?
Steve let out a heavy breath before he lowered himself down onto the sand. Even if he ever got out of the loop –
“I am
“You’re very generous, Thor,” Steve complimented as a thank you as he came with a clean glass. Once he had his first drink, he couldn’t stop.
Tony kept a hand up to keep Loki in place, but Tony moved his other hand to rest on Steve’s shoulder. “We have to take him in to S.H.I.E.L.D..”
There was a time and place for that, and this was neither.
Tony’s breath hitched and got caught in his throat. It was no longer a what if. It was what
The alarm went off, and Steve opened his eyes to reveal his bedroom that he hadn’t walked into the night before. He could still feel the warmth from Tony’s body on his.
He had to be going crazy. Maybe he was aging rapidly after being in the ice for so long. All those years just catching up on him.
“Just about every time I save someone,” Steve grunted out as he pushed down on both sides of the suitcase. “Jeez, Tony. What the hell do you have in here?”
What got him more stuck in place was the only thing that seemed different: Tony didn’t get hurt the same way he had before. The dream had been the foreign acid thing, and today it was some other weapon.
“You called the phone a couple weeks back, and then you wouldn’t answer any of my calls after—” Steve took a step forward as he spoke, and that caused Tony to whip back around.
Though, it didn’t come close to being as relaxing as a cup of hot coffee in the morning. Speaking of, I could go for some right now.
“Not important,” I wave off. “Just enough to make him feel comfortable. I overheard him on the phone with his landlord, and it sounded like he was struggling.” I shrug. It was nothing. I do stuff like this all the time, but apparently it was news to Steve.
It hadn’t taken long. Since Thor was drinking, his laughter was booming more than usual. Steve stepped over and Thor’s grin widened.
“I do. And he didn’t mean it like that, Tony. I know the two of you don’t get along, but you also know he’s not rude like that,” Rhodey answered back firmly. “He meant that the public tends to favor him more. Does that really come as a surprise to you? Or did you just get all butthurt that it was Steve that said it?”
Steve kissed back without any hesitation, melting into the familiar feel of kissing Tony. With his fingers still gently holding Tony’s chin, Steve moved his other hand to rest on Tony’s hip.
Trigger Warning: mentions of suicide
Steve smiled and leaned back against the counter as he watched Rhodey and Natasha leave via the elevator. “That went smooth,” He spoke up after a moment.
He stopped a few feet in front of me, his arms crossed. Oh great. I don’t think he’s going to be on my side.
“It’s a shame that you came alone. Though, it’s one less of you to worry about.” Broken Nose Guy mused as he crouched down, pressing the barrel of the gun under Steve chin. “It’s time for you to go back to sleep, Cap.” Before Steve could get a word out he heard the sound of the gun being fired.
Tony shrugged and relaxed back with his coffee. “I know, I’m just giving you a hard time,” He smiled warmly again. “But there’s not much to say about the person. Well, there’s everything to say about this person. We don’t have enough time for that though.”
’s,” I laugh.
That simple gesture managed to calm Steve, just a couple fractions, as he let the wraps drop onto the floor. “I-I can’t say it. Not aloud. I feel like he can hear,” Steve closed his eyes, realizing how crazy that sounds. “Just follow me, okay? And bring the suit.”
“Yes,” I answer with a nod, pushing a button on the key remote to open the trunk. “That way they feel more obliged to give us a room.”
“Mr. Rogers, you are requested at S.H.I.E.L.D headquarters with Mr. Stark immediately. A mission is waiting.” Again, it was the same thing as the day before.
The car started as Steve settled with his cowl resting on his lap. “It’s a mission. The one we got called for every Thursday. We’re just going early.” Steve shrugged then typed the address onto the screen for Jarvis to give Tony the directions.
Steve’s mouth opened as to say something, but then it closed, and his cheeks went pink. Is it just me, or has that been happening a lot more lately?
He was sweating a lot, and it should not have looked attractive on him. It wasn’t fair. I didn’t look like I was glistening when sweating.
Tony swallowed and connected his gaze with Steve’s. “Call me that again.”
“That will make it harder to understand,” Tony nodded a bit to himself before he stood up. “I’m going to need something strong in my coffee if I’m going to get through this so early.”
“Because the director told you to, sir,” Jarvis replied as predicted. I just pout as I set aside an outfit for tomorrow. “I also believe you took it because of the Captain.”
He sighed before he smiled to Tony. “One movie.” Tony’s puppy eyes turned into a grin before he jumped for the remote. Steve shook his head fondly as he watched Tony before he stood up. This should be better. Tony didn’t go to the hospital and is trying to get him to stay longer.
Steve returned the grin as he rested his hands on Tony’s hips. “I’m Captain America. I never back down from a challenge.”
Steve jolted upright in his bed with a gasp. He looked around in a panic before his hands went to under his chin where he was shot. Nothing. There was nothing there to provide evidence that it happened. Though he had a pounding headache from the remaining ache.
Steve was already pulling the keys out of his jacket pocket. “Yep. I haven’t ridden it in while because of the loop.” He spun the keys around his finger and grinned to Tony.
My heart rate starts to rise drastically as those thoughts speed through my mind. “Wh-What happened?” I ask out loud confused and panicked, sitting up quickly and opening my eyes at the same time.
“Yeah, it was too lonely.” Steve offered Tony a small smile before sat next to the other male. “And I got curious about sand castles. How do you get it to stay and not just, you know, fall over?” He was genuinely curious. Steve never got around to going on the beach growing up. His family wasn’t near the definition of wealthy.
“Ready for what? I would hope that the two of you are smart enough to know we wouldn’t judge you,” Natasha told them as she took a few steps closer to them.
“You and I having a date on a Friday? Nothing could be better than that.” Steve beamed happily to Tony, feeling like he could float with the burden of the loop off his shoulders. “I love you. And I will love every single day with you, even Thursdays.”
“You know? Seeing the infamous Captain America in this state is—well, it’s very humanizing. And sexy,” Tony thought out loud then winked to Steve as he walked back in.
Steve had this almost sad and wistful smile on his face. “It’s that obvious?” He let the spring breeze wash over himself before he faced Tony. “It used to not be, because people just didn’t think about it. Then he died, and I became America’s hero, and it was all erased. They didn’t erase Peggy though.”
Once all my stuff was on the suitcase, I set it aside against my wall. I couldn’t’ close it yet because I still had to put my toothbrush and stuff in there in the morning, so that would do for now. Plus, I may have to get help closing it tomorrow. I might pull a muscle trying to get it zipped closed with how packed it is.
That only aided in making Steve’s blush deepen. He cleared his throat, stood there awkwardly for a few seconds more, before he walked over to the door. “I’ll see you tomorrow, Tony.”
Steve shook his head lightly then sipped from his coffee. “I think that’s a tad overdramatic, Tones.” He set his cup down then sectioned the eggs onto two different plates. “We just need a tactic, and we need to figure out what we want to cover when we’ll eventually have to publicly confront this.”
“I fit in it just fine,” I point out, stealing a glance to my right over to Steve.
“If I had, then I wouldn’t be asking you about it, would I?” I huff out before I shake my head. “Driving. Why are we
Steve met back up with Tony after they both separated to get dressed. “What exactly are we going to do? Or where are we going?”
“You and Bucky – Sergeant Barnes – were pretty close, huh?” Tony asked with caution. He recognized the tone Steve was talking in, and he heard stories from his dad about the couple.
He still had no idea what to do with the loop. He still had no leads. But there was still Tony.
There was a pause, a moment of hesitation, before Steve finally rambled out, “We had this kind of, uhm, relationship that started up most Thursdays…”
Tony watched Steve for a few moments before he started to eat his own burger. He was worried about Steve and how he had been acting today. “I still can’t get over how much you can eat in one sitting,” He said instead of bringing up the dream Steve apparently had.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist, pulling the smaller man onto his lap. “So, not much different than a normal week that doesn’t include missions.” He let his hands rest on Tony’s hips, his thumbs rubbing circles on Tony’s hip bones.
Steve’s shoulders relaxed a fraction when I didn’t push further. “I know, Tony. Thank you.”
He stood like that for a while, just staring out at the horizon. He could just let himself melt away in the water. Steve closed his eyes then leaned back until he was floating on the water. He could easily drift away, but then again, Tony would see. Then he would help and ask all these questions that Steve would be too ashamed to answer.
“Fucking Rogers,” I grumble as I head down to my workshop. I didn’t actually have a meeting to get too – it’s just a convenient excuse to be able to storm off.
Tony nodded, though he didn’t fully understand since he doesn’t remember. Steve watched Tony before he let out a sigh.
What Steve didn’t mention was how he occupied his time with Tony.
“Oh, fuck off,” I huff out as I send a glare towards Rhodey. “What gives you the right to say shit like that? I told you I didn’t like him and
I caught the sleepy smile on Steve’s face before he closed the bathroom door behind himself, and I let that image settle with me as I quickly drifted off as soon as my eyes were closed.
Tony’s head tilted a bit as he watched Steve with uneasiness. “Okay, something’s definitely up. Not that I’m not flattered – because damn am I, but this doesn’t seem like you.”
Tony was strong, but not that strong. Not when he had a little over two bottles of whiskey swirling around the inside of his body. Not when it came to Steve.
“J, turn the music off and let Cap in,” I call out over the music as I slide a suit into a protective bag. I can’t have them getting wrinkled on the ride there.
“That sounds…reasonable,” Tony grumbled as he wrapped his hands around the warm cup of coffee.
“As I was saying,” Steve pulled Tony closer to his chest. “I almost didn’t realize I was scooting closer to the edge until you came up. I had been avoiding you that particular Thursday to see if maybe that would do something – which of course it didn’t – and just seeing you snapped me out of it,” Steve brought a hand up to cup Tony’s cheek. “And then, uh…” Steve’s cheeks flushed darkly. “Then we…fondued?”
Natasha had been silent for a few moments before she spoke up again, this time with her voice a fraction softer than it had been earlier. “Are you certain?” She asked. The question was directed to both men.
He had to do it now, or he would never do it.
Steve snaked his arms around Tony’s waist and pulled Tony into his lap. Once again Tony was in Steve’s arms, but for a reason that was ten times better.
A warm hand brushed over Steve’s upper back and he couldn’t help but jump at the unexpected contact. He turned to Tony, who had a grin on his face and his hand rested on Steve’s back.
Steve drowned out the rest of the news anchor as he shot off the couch and stumbled into the bedroom. “Tony!” He exclaimed as he pulled the covers off the other man. “You need to wake up, Tones.”
“Huh.” I think about what Steve said, walking through the door and over to the counter. “I like that quote.”
“Rogers, I’m excusing you because you can’t get drunk, but you have to learn how to loosen up. It’s the twenty-first century now,” Tony’s voice exclaimed rather loudly over the crowd of conversing people and distant music playing.
“What am I going to do with you?” Tony exasperated with a laugh. “You lose that thing all too often for it to be a damn mistake.” He shook his head, almost affectionately – almost – before he stepped away from Steve. “And to answer your question, yes. Natasha and Clint went on a mission with Bruce for backup. So, you are stuck with me in this tower.”
The bitterness was back in Tony’s words. Steve couldn’t take it. He was the reason it was there in the first place.
A breathy laugh came from Steve. “Yeah, actually.”
It was just a couple minutes after that when the waiter brought over our food. The waffles smelt mouthwatering with the chocolate chips resting on top of them.
A heavy sigh was Steve’s response. “It’s only been two weeks of it and I’m running out of things to do. I don’t know who to even suspect. Or what.”
The pair had finally confronted the relationship that grew secretly between them, and they fully embraced it. At least, only with each other. It felt nice for them to have something to themselves. They were content with their situation at the moment.
Steve stepped into the water and continued to walk in. The water was cold, but Steve’s body heat helped. If he could survive for 70 years in the ice, basically just in a deep sleep, he can handle the chilled water.
“My dramatic side has been rubbing off on him,” Tony waved off before he grinned to both of them (mainly Steve).
“Whatever you want, Cap,” Tony stated with a sweet smile as he pulled on a suit jacket over a t-shirt.
It isn't very plot heavy. It almost isn't even close. It's more of a filler chapter and one where the reader can get a better understanding of the characters. I hope you enjoy it!
Once Rhodey left, Steve fully turned to face Tony. “That could not have been more awkward,” He mused with a playful smile.
for a way out that you were willing to take your own life to—”
“Oh, we’ve thought this through plenty, Stark,” Fury finally spoke as he folded his arms on his chest. “You and the Captain will be sent away to a city that has little to no internet or communications to the outside. They may recognize you, but they won’t say anything, and they can’t post anything to social media.”
“You know me too well, darling,” Tony stated with a mocked affectionate tone as he reached up and patted Steve’s cheek.
“No, it’s not, Rogers,” I deadpan as I stop in front of the bench press station. “Did Fury talk to you yet?”
Steve rolled his eyes before he stepped out of the car. “I did what I had to. It was either stay in a lab and be tested by your father and other scientists, or tour around America until I reach the army across the ocean.”
“It’s very Captain America of you to knock,” Tony joked and grinned to Steve, though he straightened up when he just got a glance from Steve. He was too busy collecting all his anger from the past five months. “Wait—Did you call me Tones earlier?” He asked when Tony’s thoughts decided to ramble and replay bits of their earlier conversation.
I rub my hands over my face before I stomp back over to my suitcase. Now I had to pack extra clothes for the extra three days of travel time. As if I didn’t already have a shit load packed.
“So, you just up and leave without any warning, ignore everything I’ve sent you, but you would answer a call from Nat and not me? I got to say, I’m feeling hurt, Rogers.”
“Are you any good?” Tony asked as he leaned back when the waitress brought their drinks over – a coffee each.
different, Rogers?”
“So, what?” Tony set a cup down in front of Steve before he himself sat down in a chair. He made sure there was a chair between them incase things escalated. Steve noticed. “You decide to fight against everything and everyone you know for that?”
“That I’m alive?” Tony looked puzzled before he led Steve inside. “What’s going on, Steve?”
Steve held himself taller and pushed the fear down his throat as he heard Tony’s swearing get closer to the door. It was ripped open to reveal a tired and pissed off Tony with sweats and a shirt that was messed up from sleeping in it.
“Wait—That’s Loki? Thanks for the heads up, Cap,” Tony thanked sarcastically before he fired his repulsor at Loki when he tried to grab the gun Steve chunked.
“The good thing about it is that I can eat a lot of different good foods in one sitting. The down side though is how it’s hard for me to feel full and easier for me to feel hungry,” He chuckled slightly before he moved on to his second burger. “Especially if I don’t have enough money on me at the time being.”
Tony stood in Steve’s space for a moment longer before he backed off to lean back against the counter. “Old people normally don’t get along with technology, so lucky for you, you aren’t the only one,” He stated teasingly with a smirk tugging at his lips.
Too many. Too many Thursdays have passed and gone, and Steve was no closer to discovering what was going on than he was two weeks into the loop.
. You didn’t even move from the position you fell asleep in,” He chuckled lightly.
“One night, and debit.” I set the bags down that I’m holding to grab my wallet, pulling out a card that we use explicitly for mission funds.
Tony leaned his hip against the counter as he watched Steve walk off, a bit worried about Steve but not wanting to show it.
He felt like he had control. But in reality,
He was relieved though that Tony got himself to bed last night, and it made it easier for Steve to relax himself as he went on his run.
“What?” Tony questioned before he decided to change conversation. “Look, Steve, you seem like you need someone to talk to. Can you stay where you’re at for another – let’s see – 20 minutes?”
“You don’t get to call me that. Hell, you shouldn’t even be able to call me Tony,” He grounded out before he rubbed his hands over his face in distress. “What do you want from me, Rogers? The Avengers are disbanded. Bruce and Thor are MIA. Hawkeye is retired. You took Natasha with you in the divorce. And I’m not giving an apology.”
I give him a weird look before I step out the car as well. This place would definitely not be my first choice unless I was drunk at three in the morning. “I don’t even want to know what you look at on the internet then.”
Tony sat silently. That fight with Bucky was still fresh.
Instead, Tony shrugged before a more sinister grin took place across his face. “That thank you might have been too soon,” He tsked.
It wasn’t the best way to opt out, but it could be a way, right? He wouldn’t have to wake up again, and he finally knows what it’s like to kiss Tony. Plus, no one needed him for 70 years and he helped save the world twice now, he was done. Right?
Tony pulled away first with a small look of surprise on his face. “Coming out here, I wasn’t expecting that to happen.”
He closed his eyes tightly as he wiped that thought away with his hand over his eyes. “Fucking Steve,” Tony slurred out with a small shake of his head.
“I know there’s five of you,” Steve called out as he stepped over the motionless bodies. “I know you’re here!” Steve’s voice rose as his fury seeped out.
“No fucking way…”
There was nothing else for Steve to try. Nothing. He wasn’t meant to discover the secret doorway out. He was meant to be stuck in this forever.
Tony arched an eyebrow and tilted his head, crossing one leg over the other under the table. “Even if you hadn’t said so, I wouldn’t have answered it anyways if I wasn’t comfortable.” He grinned over to Steve. “I’m an open book. What do you want to know?”
“No,” Steve raised an eyebrow to Tony before he started to walk away. “I left the scene and came straight here.” Once said, Steve was glad his back to Tony because he was certain his cheeks were turning a shade of red.
Tony hesitated before he took a few steps closer to Steve. “Hearing those stories of you and Bucky from my dad helped me realize who I was, as much as I hated you because of how much my dad loved you,” He paused to smile at Steve. “It’s not completely erased, Steve.”
Steve grinned as he followed the sound of Tony’s voice. That grin was quickly wiped away once he entered the room. “T-Tony?” His mouth fell open into an o-shape as he gaped down with wide eyes.
“Since we were hiding this, we couldn’t very well show our affection in front of everyone, and it would be suspicious if we started spending a lot more time with each other when we normally work separately,” Steve added for more reasoning.
Steve followed where Tony had flown to. It was just a mile or so down from where he had been, but there weren’t any families or couples around since you had to walk along the shoreline to get to that point.
The two got caught in each other’s gazes for a brief moment before Tony spoke once more. “Happy Birthday, Steve.”
Steve laughed and shook his head as he walked into the bathroom. “Yes, sir.” He saluted then grinned cheekily before he started to take off his dress clothes from the party.
“Seriously. You expect me not to be worried about the person who always sticks to the same schedule unless a mission is called, who then throws that out the window and runs away?” Tony stood up, metal creaking a little under movement. “When I woke up this morning, Jarvis told me that you told him to let me know you went out for a ride and there was no destination. I’m not supposed to worry about that?”
Tony was almost done by the time Steve finished all four burgers and had went back to sipping at his beer with one leg crossed over his lap. Tony’s eyes lingered before he finished off his burger. “Movie?” He asked with a mouthful as he motioned towards the tv.
Tony didn’t want to look Steve in the eyes. “You don’t have to lie, Steve. It’s nothing I’ve never heard before.”
He closed his eyes and bit his lip to keep quiet. Steve let it slip. On one of the Thursdays that Steve admitted everything to Tony, they were having a sensual moment together. It felt nice to be able to be so open with someone again after Bucky, and he knew how Tony felt about a possible relationship. Steve had a little thing for nicknaming people, and Tones was a soft nickname that suited the moment.
Tony’s eyes stayed on Steve, not even noticing the crowd around them. “Yeah, of course.” He pursed his lips before he turned around and started walking back towards the diner where the car was.
The guy was definitely a dealer, but he was young – possibly in his mid-twenties.
the night prior would have been nice,” I ground out instead.
This, on the other hand, was not one of those moments.
“I came here to apologize, Tony. Before it gets too late. I don’t expect you to forgive or trust me. I know that’s too much to ask,” Steve rubbed his hand over his scruff. “I let my emotions get mixed up. It didn’t help that neither of us were taking the time to think. But if you ever need me, you know how to reach me.”
“Tones?” Steve called out with a smile on his face. They could finally be alone with each other. “I was thinking that since it’s my birthday and all, we could take a nice, relaxing bubble bath together?”
The car ride went normal, and of course Tony joked with him about the way Steve smelt from sweating. Though once they walked through the conference room doors, all joking was halted for the moment as they saw Fury was already in there and waiting.
Tony reached a hand out and gently rested on it Steve’s cheek. “Where have you been hiding these past months?” He breathed out in soft bewilderment.
At least, that’s what Steve was hoping.
“Where are we going?” Steve asked once he finally got his focus away from his thoughts. “The tower is the other way.”
“Right on time as always,” I note as I take out a notepad where I’ve already jotted some ideas down on.
“I’m completely guilt-ridden, Tony. The letter I sent you was more of a—what’s that new phrase? The tip of the iceberg?” He rubbed a hand over his scruffy beard.
Tony grinned and stole a glance over to Steve. “Who needs stealth? You’re a supersoldier and I’m Iron Man.”
“That still bewilders me,” Steve chuckled before he took his phone back, putting it back in his pocket. “I wonder why he became so obsessed after.”
“I figured they did that for you,” I muse before I pull my glasses back on. “I have to admit, you’re quite the observer, Rogers.” I smile a little to him before I step out the car, trying to not let it get to me. He noticed such a small detail like that and remembered it? Granted he does remember everything since the serum enhanced his memory, but damn.
Tony rubbed Steve’s arm lazily as he laid on Steve’s heaving chest. “The serum helped more areas of you than expected then.”
“Oh yeah? You’ll probably just be moody on Thursdays, but I can deal with that if it means having you,” Tony replied with a flirty voice, though a sweet smile, before he kissed Steve.
We were actually having a conversation together. And it was a normal one. “Anything caught your fancy on the menu?” I ask after, reaching a hand up and lightly tapping the top of his menu.
Steve gritted his teeth and tried to fight against them, but they twisted his arms and legs at weird angles, so it would hurt or injure him to move them. Broken Nose Guy switched the alien gun for a real gun.
Tony took a deep breath before he got up. Steve was not forgiven. Not yet. That day may come, it may not. In the meantime, Tony felt a sense of closure, and that was enough for him until he was ready for more.
Steve found Tony talking with Rhodey a couple yards away. He cut in and thrusted the microphone to Tony with a playful glare.
Or how much longer he could go on for.
“Where else are we going to do it?” Tony snapped then punched a guy before he could get to Steve. “You didn’t tell me when not here, so should I really expect any differently?”
He looked conflicted for a moment before he glanced out the window. “I pulled over for lunch. Figured it was about that time.”
I dragged myself out of bed, trudged over to the coffee machine, and just got relaxed on the couch with my coffee when Jarvis decided to speak up. Not much relaxing when I have him reminding me to do stuff all the time.
Steve nodded. “I’m positive. I can’t forget things.” That was all Tony needed to hear before he sped off in one of his fancy cars. “This isn’t exactly the stealthiest car,” Steve commented with a faint smile.
A flash of disappointment crossed Tony’s face before it left, and he chuckled as he stood. “Don’t take it too seriously, Cap. Though I am flattered to see
“Then I’ll be a little late,” I shrug then takes another sip of my coffee. “He’s a super soldier. He has the ability to wait.”
“Yeah, but you’re not—” Steve paused. “I’m just bigger.”
“I don’t, but it’s alright. I’m not tired and I don’t have anything better to do this late,” He said as an attempt to reassure Steve.
Steve had suited up though. He had his shield on his back and his cowl in his hand. “I’ll punch in the address for you – or Jarvis,” He called out as he walked to the car that he knew Tony would pick. It was always the same car.
He fell to the floor in a heap. Tony let out a heavy breath before he retched himself from the wall. “Ow,” He pouted like a child.
Tony walked to the counter and poured himself a cup of coffee. “Do you have some secret prophetic powers from the serum?” He mused before he turned around and flashed Steve a grin.
“Tough crowd?” Tony started the car and looked over to Steve, who simply gave him a look that must have said
Steve shifted on his feet as he began to get impatient. “Yes, we are. The phone number you can put down is…” He told the guy with a firm voice, and I was stunned that he knew my number from memory. That is, until my brain reminded me that he could remember essentially everything.
“There is none. Just let him know I’m out.” Steve positioned himself on the motorcycle before he started it.
Steve nodded his head and rubbed his thighs. He wasn’t rather fond of being hooked up to machines. Especially when he didn’t understand what was going on. Last time it happened, he was gawked at by a bunch of army men and scientists while surrounded by whirring machines.
Tony nodded and slumped down on a stool at the kitchen bar in front of Steve. There was a grumble of what Steve presumed to be a greeting of his own.
He pulled on his boxers and made himself a cup of coffee as he waited for Tony to get up. Steve needed some medicine to get rid of his aching headache, but anything Tony had would not work on his super soldier body.
“Tell me what you can then,” Steve suggested. The conversation paused for a moment as their food was set down before Tony settled with his food.
Who knew the captain could get sassy?
“Well, hey, at least I got the sleep either way.” Tony shrugged then picked up his mug to take a sip.
“I don’t, actually.” Steve crossed his arms again and looked back up to Tony with a stoney face, trying to hide any emotions that tried to surface. “I came here to be alone, Tony. If I wanted to talk, I would have went to you instead.”
“I thought you were smart enough to realize that without having me need to explain it again,” Fury chuckled. “You both will leave in a week. If you have any other questions, don’t ask. They’ll be answered when you get your debriefing folders just like Steve will get his.” Fury stood up. “I suggest you and Steve talk about your…arrangements before then.”
“Steve, I see five heat signatures inside,” Tony spoke through their comm. “You go in on your side and I’ll go through the back.”
I was in the middle of re-adjusting the rearview mirror when Steve stepped into the car with me. “You’re getting better at that, Steve,” I compliment with a grin, glancing over to him.
“What, Tones?” Steve tilted his head slightly.
Steve shook his head and pulled Tony into his arms, trying to cover the wound with his hand. “No, Tony. Don’t.” He felt the fear that seeped into his voice. “JARVIS, damage report,” He choked out.
“Tony!” Steve dropped his guard and ran over to his friend. Tony fell down on his knees as he stared down to his torso.
Steve walked over and examined the back of Tony’s suit. “How’s your back?” He asked worriedly as he saw how messed up the metal was.
“Hey,” An unintended cute pout formed on Steve’s face. “Who’s to say that I’m not just naturally good?”
, everybody knows. There’s a picture going around of us kissing before the party last night. From when we were in the car.”
What could go wrong?
Steve held open the door for Tony once they reached the lobby. “Not that I’m against walking, but why is that your go-to and not a taxi?”
Our first stop ended up being around eight for breakfast. I could tell Steve was itching to get out and stretch those long limbs of his. I'm surprised he lasted this long in the car without asking for a rest stop. He couldn't sit still for long even at the tower.
As I mentioned, it didn’t want to close. I tried pushing on it, I tried sitting on it, and I even tried kicking it. The damn suitcase just doesn’t want to close.
. The nerve of those reporters.
came here to apologize.”
“That sounds like some sort of loophole,” Tony kept his eyes on Steve, trying to figure him out. “Steve…are you feeling okay?”
He needed another break. And he didn’t want to be alone.
“Captivating?” Tony questioned with an arched eyebrow. “Mostly I just get told to shut up if I ramble like that.” He subconsciously swiped his tongue across his lips where Steve’s own lips had been.
He managed to block the object in hand with his shield before he raised his leg and kicked the guy back, yet again getting him stuck in the wall. “Tony, where are you?” Steve asked in their comm almost right before Tony broke through the same wall he had in the dream.
Bruce fiddled with the sleeve of his coat, giving it a small tug. “I’m sure he’ll be fine. Now, if you don’t mind, I need to get started with Clint’s chores.”
“What do you say I go run a bath for us?” Tony suggested as he brushed his chapped lips over Steve’s soft ones. “Nice and warm with those bubbles you like?”
Steve walked over and sat on the side of the bed where there was space. “What did the doctors say?”
Mostly he tried to push it out of his mind. He had to figure out what was going on with him and who was doing this to him. He felt like he was out of his mind. He might as well be if he can remember 12 consecutive Thursdays and no one else could.
“Okay, but I’m gonna eat at the same time,” Tony warned before he took his first bite of his food. “Anyways,” He started with a mouthful. “I don’t even know what to say. I’m pretty sure that I liked them for a while, but it got pushed aside. Then resurfaced pretty fast. And ever since it’s been steadily getting worse.”
“We were just going to keep it at that,” Steve continued. “But we kept coming back to each other. First just for the…the activity. Then it just became more.” He shrugged a little.
“Whoa, slow down there, Cap,” Tony laughed faintly as he rested his hands on the sides of Steve’s arms. “As much as I like seeing a corrupt version of you – that cussing and everything – you need to take a deep breath. Right now isn’t the time to freak.”
One would think he would at least try to know me since he was buddies with my father and all, but it doesn’t seem that’s the case.
Steve ran his other hand through his hair. “I needed air. Fresh air that wasn’t polluted. And some space away from the city. I’m doing okay. I have my bike and money with me. There’s no need to worry, Tones—Tony.”
I clench my jaw a little. He did make a fair point, but that didn’t mean I have to accept it. He was just so infuriating. “A little heads up
All of those approximately 90 Thursdays were all in his head. They would never be real, but simply parts of his imagination. Something that will haunt his dreams along with everything else that already does.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Seriously, Rhodey? Since when do we cuss in this room?” He asked in a serious voice before the grin formed on his face.
Tony let out a breath of relief once at the destination, though a little way away to not draw too much attention to themselves. He wanted to solve this to help Steve.
Tony gladly obliged as Steve pulled him up by the hands. “What can I say? You and a bed are my favorite combo.” He winked with his devilish grin.
“Loki—” Steve’s voice was low and threatening.
“Tony are you okay?” Steve repeated, more concerned about Tony’s wellbeing than what Tony thought about the numerous destroyed punching bags. “I’ll explain if you focus on you first.” Bargaining was really the only way to get Tony to care after himself.
Steve nodded. “Yeah, we didn’t want to tell the team, and everyone be happy or annoyed or whatever they’ll feel, then us cut things off after if it didn’t work out. We wanted to avoid a potential public and awkward breakup. That way it could just stay between us.”
He walked back towards his private room in confusion, his hands in his pockets. Who on Earth could this person be that FRIDAY wouldn’t even tell Tony who they are?
Tony’s grip tightened, and he put his face against Steve’s rather large back, so he was shielded from the wind. But mainly to be shielded from the bugs.
Alright?” Tony snapped with a sharp edge to his voice. “It didn’t mean anything. All that it meant was that I was in a bad place and, on top of that, I had too much to drink.”
Steve settled on an icepack on his forehead as he laid on the couch in Tony’s suite. He had the news on a low volume, so it wouldn’t wake Tony. Though he couldn’t take any pain medicine for a headache, he knew Tony can and would need it too.
Steve shook his head with a smile before he pressed a kiss to Tony’s head. “Alright, but we have to be the ones to clean it up tomorrow. Deal?”
That couldn’t happen. Steve wouldn’t let himself be in the way. Maybe it wouldn’t be such a good idea for them to go out after all. They led such busy lives – for Tony he also had a company to run at the same time.
“You know I won’t object to that,” Steve pointed out with a smile before he began to collect his own trash.
A laugh rumbled out of Steve’s chest before he leaned on the counter, facing Tony with a grin. “If only someone could have warned you of that.”
He programs the card key for the room then takes my debit card before he starts to put it on the file. “I need a little more information first: your name, phone number, stuff like that,” He informed us as he looks at the debit card, and his eyes widen. “No way. You’re
Tony Stark didn’t have soft spots.
“Come on, Cap! You slept for 70 years. Just one movie?” Tony gave Steve puppy dog eyes and damnit – Steve couldn’t resist that.
Steve just shook his head before he pulled Tony closer. “I love you,” He breathed out then started to press light kisses over Tony’s face. “I have for a while…”
“Of course it’s that shitbag,” Tony huffed and rubbed a hand over his face in agitation. “I
Steve wasn’t just going to come back into his life after a call like that, or even in general. He had better things to do apparently.
“J, go ahead and wake me up half past four, will you?” I sigh out before I change into some night clothes. I might as well head to bed now so I can get some sleep since I was notified just moments ago that I’ll be driving us. There’s no way in hell I’m letting Steve drive with the way I’ve seen him drive that motorcycle of his.
Since they were killing two birds with one stone, Tony played classic movies for them to watch. Movies in that category included all three Back to The Future’s, Die Hard, a few classic Disney movies, and that’s where they’re at currently with The Incredibles.
The moment was over far too soon as the clean up crew came as well as a few agents of Shield. They took Tony off to medical and Steve was left alone to deal with the debriefing.
Steve went straight to the gym after and let out all of his anger and frustration. He was angry at himself for waiting for so long, for not thinking Tony would follow, and for letting Tony get killed. He went through the mass of punching bags before he just started to destroy the equipment simply out of anger.
It was a nice party, and Steve was enjoying himself. He was smiling and laughing with some of the guests he got to know before Tony finally made his way over.
Tony grabbed onto Steve’s wrist loosely, but it was all the strength that Tony could muster. “There’s…no time,” He grunted out painfully.
Steve chuckled as he walked over. “I came to check up on you. Do you know what time it is?” He raised a questioning eyebrow to Tony, who in return shrugged it off.
“Alright. Alright, fine,” Steve sighed and roughly rubbed his hands over his face tiredly. He didn’t want to talk about it anymore. It was over with. He just wanted to forget it and wake up to Friday.
Should Steve include those years of his life that he doesn’t even remember? Or should he forget them to move passed them?
I put my hands up in defense. “Don’t mind me. I’ll just be getting my beauty rest.” I grin slightly before I start to move around and get comfy for the ride.
Speaking of that, Steve might want to check in before he goes out. “JARVIS, is Tony in his suite?” He called out towards the ceiling as he opened the stairwell door.
Which really put into perspective how old Steve was.
This time Steve was the one to roll his eyes. “Come on. The nurse said you can leave.” Steve stood up and held a hand out to help Tony.
If Tony hadn’t of already been interested in Steve before, he certainly was now. Not only was he being complimented higher than his father, but this was a compliment on physical appearance from Steve. Was he into guys?
“Are you talking about me wearing sweatpants?” I raise an eyebrow to him, putting my menu down. I knew what I wanted anyways.
Tony laughed as he drove them around towards the diner. “Oh, don’t sound so down about it, Rogers. You know you enjoy prancing around in that tight outfit of yours.” He glanced over and smirked.
Fury slid the file over to their end of the table. “Weapons. More precisely, it’s alien weapons. We found the dealers hideout and we need the two of you to take them down. We need at least one alive.”
“Sorry to disappoint, Honey Bear. But I can’t tonight.” Tony chuckled before he turned in the chair to face his best friend. “I already have plans.”
Sam snorted as he gratefully took the water. “Yeah, yeah. I’ll see you tomorrow then, Cap. Don’t forget tomorrow is Friday and it’s your turn to buy the smoothies.”
Tony walked over with a glass of whiskey in his hand, the other in one of his pockets. “You’ve been isolated all day. Is everything alright? If you’re feeling homesick or anything we can take a trip to Brooklyn. Or is it your room? Because I can get someone to redecorate it for you,” Tony started to ramble. He had been worried about Steve, and it was obvious.
“Probably a lemonade. Why?” I ask a little confused. Wouldn’t he just hear all this when we order?
“Why are you so thick-headed!” Tony groaned in frustration. “If you would just tell me I could help, you know.” He was getting angry at Steve, which just aided in Steve getting angry as well.
“I figured around eight or nine we should stop somewhere for breakfast, be it drive-thru or dining in,” I share with Steve as we head down to the garage. “And then again around noon or one for lunch. For dinner we’d stop around six, maybe seven, and then drive until ten.”
.” He chuckled slightly before he sipped his coffee again.
“Bingo, Cap. Did you expect me not to? What, even when you deliberately dismantled any tracking device that I had for you, so I wouldn’t track you? Which, by the way, I’m pretty impressed by.”
“I’m not just…making this up. Okay? This one time I tried to go on the mission alone, because no matter what you seemed to get hurt during it. Whether it was small or something major. But you followed me and barged in, and one of their weapons killed you. You had—” Steve’s voice tightened as he remembered the events that happened months ago for him. “You died in my arms. And your last words were you telling me you loved me…” He risked a glance in Tony’s direction. “The Thursday following—God, you don’t understand how relieved I was that the loop wasn’t over at that—”
Tony caught on quicker though. “Wait – you looked me up?” Smug. Tony was being smug with a little bit of actual shock that was masked underneath it.
I can never understand that man. It seemed like we were finally on the same level and even agreeing with each other for once, but then he pulls that shit.
Tony glanced around at the people who could care less before he leaned in and whispered, “What do you say to gettin’ out of here?”
His alarm went off the same as always in the morning. Steve stretched with a faint smile on his lips. “Another day,” He breathed out hopefully before he sat up in bed.
“I don’t even need syrup with these,” I muse as I cut up the waffle. “The chocolate chips melted so much that they’re basically acting as the syrup.”
He re-stretched his muscles as the coffee machine heated up before he poured himself a cup. Tony trudged his way out of the elevator with his sweatpants hung low on his hips and his hair a mess of curls and waves.
The silence was thick between them. Tony didn’t truly know what to say to better this situation at such a suspenseful moment, and he also didn’t want to accidentally say anything to make the situation worse. He had a tendency of doing that.
This mission is going to turn out terribly if this keeps up. Why the hell would he want to go on a mission with me if he didn’t like me?
Steve scooted to the edge of the couch, opening the top box and eagerly taking a slice. “On Thursday,” He tried to joke lightly as he brought the slice closer to his face, though Tony had this look on his face that was certainly not amused. “Too soon?” He questioned sheepishly before he started to eat. It wasn’t really something Steve wanted to joke about either, but he didn’t want to get back to what Tony wanted to ask.
Wait – that’s incorrect. FRIDAY has definitely done that before. FRIDAY’s just never not told Tony who he was meeting with. Tony didn’t care for surprise visits. Or surprise anything for that matter.
He couldn’t even sleep away his problems, even for a couple hours, because he was awake as soon as he fell asleep. Steve stood up, fuming, before he pulled on his suit. He was going again. This time earlier, and maybe then he could catch them while they’re sleeping and off-guard.
He opened one door, and suddenly he was blasted across the room. Smoke filled the building as Steve grunted and stood up from his position on the floor. There must have been a security type trap for that room.
“I’ll have to repay you for the breakfast and for everything else you’ve done for me,” Steve stated as he glanced over to Tony. “And don’t say I don’t have to. One day—” When Steve is out of the loop. “I’ll repay you for
Steve just looked at me both surprised and curious. “How much did you tip that guy?” He asks after a moment.
Steve looked down at Tony and his hands. “Tony, I swear to God if you’re messing with me after everything I just told you—”
Those five seconds felt like five months to Steve. All those five months-worth of Thursdays flashing through his mind as a presentation of slides that they normally have at meetings.
Tony’s hands shook. He let the phone drop into his lap as the tears came down at the same time.
“Such a party pooper,” Tony huffed as he leaned back into Steve’s chest and relaxed. “Fine. We’ll clean it up. Then I’m not doing anything until lunch, so I can actually enjoy my morning.”
Tony held his hands up in defense. “Alright, I’m guilty,” He replied with a small chuckle before he put his hands down. “We tried to spend the nights together as much as we could since we didn’t see each other often during the day.”
“Steve, hey,” I greet when I pass him in the store, thrusting the keys out to him. “She’s all filled up. You can go wait in the car. I just need to empty my tank.”
What they didn’t know was that Tony was spending more of his time with Steve. They didn’t even think of that possibility because Steve would usually busy himself with work, working out, or reading up on the past 70 years. The rest of the Avengers just assumed that’s where Steve always was when not around.
So, when Tony finally woke up a couple hours later, he had a glass of water and two Advil’s on his nightstand.
“Yes, you did, babe. You really did,” Steve laughed as he held up the bubble bath bottle that Tony dropped. Steve held it upside down to show that all the bubble bath had been dumped into the water by now. “We’ll have quite the mess in the morning to clean up.”
That happened pretty often, and it was getting worse lately. That usually was accommodated with something Tony was stressing about, but no one could think of exactly what. Every now and then Steve was able to convince Tony to go to bed, and apparently became known for it since the others would often ask Steve to check on Tony.
Tony pulled over on the side of the road, and it seemed to be a field. “Are you shitting me?” He turned to Steve with an incredulous look before he got out the car. “What am I even supposed to think of that?”
Fury stood as the two entered the conference room, and he sized them up. “You’re looking a little angry, Cap. You two didn’t get in a fight, right?” He quirked a brow at them. “Because I need you both on the same page for this.”
Thor immediately went to Loki’s side, cuffing him up. “Steven, I apologize for any thing that my brother has done.”
The top half was finally close enough to zip it. It was about damn time too. “Well that’s a little personal, Rogers,” I lie with a small laugh before I zip the suitcase, having to reach underneath Steve’s arms to get the zipper all the way. Christ was this man tense. Was I that hard to be around?
Steve sat with Tony, cradling Tony’s head in his lap, until S.H.I.E.L.D. came after Steve called. He felt void of anything now. He couldn’t stop worrying and panicking that this was the last Thursday and he wouldn’t get Tony back. He couldn’t get those words out of his head. He couldn’t get that image out of his head.
Tony waved a dismissive hand in the air. “We weren’t worried about that. It was more about being ready to let everyone know when we felt we were, well, certain about the relationship.”
“It is,” Steve agreed with a soft chuckle before he lightly nudged Tony. “You did good. There’s a bunch of people here tonight.”
Steve didn’t respond at first. It was true. He would be acting the same if the roles were switched. “You know, that would be a valid argument if you were here right now,” He spoke finally, testing to see if Tony was really here or if it was just the suit.
I get in one of the turning lanes once at the exit’s traffic light, yawning a little as we wait for the green light. I’ll get a coffee from the gas station when we stop, and I’ll be fine from there. Besides, it’s only another hour or two until we stop for lunch.
Steve sat in one of the chairs, rigid and tense. He still hasn’t said a word to Tony or looked into his eyes. Steve couldn’t bring himself to.
It didn’t take Tony long to freshen up. He didn’t bother with a suit, but he still wore a dress shirt with dress pants. Most likely he was going back in the lab after, so he didn’t want to dirty up a suit for nothing.
“Tony!” Steve grinned and laid his arm over Tony’s shoulders. “Wow, you’re short,” He chuckled and poked Tony with one of his fingers.
Steve halted in his confusion. “Tony, did you not read that part of the file?” His right eyebrow quirked up as he stared down at me, and it was my turn for my cheeks to turn pink.
“Fine. We’ll do it your way,” I finally admit as I tug on the edges of my sleeves. “Tomorrow at around…let’s say two, we can have a discussion on the parameters of the mission. As well as your strategies. Sound good? Good.”
Steve’s brows furrowed before his eyes widened. “You tracked me,” He breathed out as it dawned on him. He had completely forgotten about the possibility of Tony tracing the phone call. Steve got too distracted by Tony’s voice and his own little slip up with the nickname.
Steve huffed a laugh before he heaved my suitcase into the trunk of the car with his own bags.
“Why are you so worried about me just going on a ride? Granted, I’m far away, but you didn’t know that. There wasn’t a reason for you to be worried.” Steve crossed his arms and stopped a few feet away from the suit.
“What? Never been out of a city before?” Steve asked with slight amusement. He glanced up as if to look at his hair before he fixed it.
I decide on a table by the window this time. It was sunnier outside, and the lighting was nice. Steve’s hair always looks more blond in the sun. “Stop it,” I groan quietly to myself as I sit down. I needed to stop thinking like that. It wasn’t going to get me anywhere.
“Sort of?” Steve looked over to Tony. “Really all I do is ask J what songs you played, and I’ll look them up.”
Steve rolled to the edge of the bed in the morning when he heard an alarm go off. It was his alarm.
Except for the many people he had soft spots for.
Steve shifted onto his back and pulled Tony’s sweaty body on top of his own sweaty body. The cold of Tony’s arc reactor felt pleasant against Steve’s skin.
“I know,” Steve sighed softly as he closed his eyes. They both wanted more time together, but Tony didn’t think it was time for them to publicly announce their relationship yet. Steve wanted to though. He was getting tired of having to hide his feelings. He wanted the world to know that Tony Stark is his. But being the respectful person he is, he was going to wait until Tony was ready.
Steve pressed his lips into a line before he reached his arms out to pull Tony into his lap. “I promise then,” He assured as the two settled comfortably together. “I’ll get out of this. For you.”
Just as Steve said, they met in the garage in ten minutes, give or take a minute or two. Tony wasn’t suited up – at least, not in the Iron Man suit – but he had a briefcase in his hand that were the same colors as the suit.
Steve was running up the stairs. There was no way it could be Thursday again. It had to be a mistake.
Steve let out a short laugh. “You do tend to live on the dramatic side.” He faintly smiled to Tony. “But love takes many different forms,” He then added with a more forlorn tone of voice.
“Yeah, of course,” Steve nodded his head before he took another sip of coffee. “I was just curious about it.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “Tell Tony I’m on my way up,” He bit out as his frustration came back.
“There just happened to be some paparazzi there who saw us and took a perfectly timed photo,” Steve added with a small huff after. “We wanted to wait until we were ready to tell everybody.”
That got Tony’s attention. He sat himself up on his elbows as he peered up to Steve. “You’re kidding, right?”
“Jarvis, tell me again why I’m doing this stupid mission?” I groan as I reluctantly grab more pairs of clothing. I should probably grab some sweatpants. Those should be good for a long car ride, right?
Steve couldn’t help the smile that tugged at his lips. It was tiny, but it was still there and that was enough for Tony to know Steve would be alright. “It is. Let me finish.” He moved his free arm up, brushing back Tony’s hair.
“If you say so, sir,” Jarvis complied. Lucky for me, he was mostly on my side. I say mostly because he does tend to side on the opposers side if it’s Pepper or Rhodey.
Tony, with the soft spot he has for Steve, would oblige. He would still ask questions of course. But he wouldn’t push. Especially when the moral and righteous Captain America had an exhausted yet still murderous look in his blue eyes.
Tony nodded. “Yep. That. I like it.” He glanced up to Steve’s lips before he closed whatever remaining space was between them so their lips were connected.
He was hoping and praying that this was his last Thursday. But he knew – in the back of his mind – that this was still the first few. He was determined to savor this Thursday. He wasn’t able to forget, so he was going to make sure to remember this one better than the others.
I scoff at that. “I am an alpha male. Our waiter just needs to get his eyes checked,” I excuse as I slide my credit card on top of the check, putting it on the edge of the table so the waiter sees it.
Even if Steve couldn’t manage on his own with the “just friends” situation going on between Tony and him, he could easily calm himself for a while by working out. Especially with the punching bags. They were bought in bulk ever since Steve moved into the tower.
I wipe my hands off with a napkin before I start to ball up all my trash. “That you did, Rogers. And if I’m being honest, it would be nice to get back on the open road.”
When I wake up, the car wasn’t moving. Aren’t we supposed to be moving? Steve was driving last I remember. Oh god, what if he isn’t driving anymore because we got in a crash while I was asleep?
Tony returned the smile with a twinkle in his eyes. “Seems like it, darling. Honestly, I’m more surprised that you didn’t expect that.”
He took a deep breath then rubbed his hands over his face as if to scrub away the panic that was creeping up his spine. Control. He needed control.
Tony shook his head and made a small ‘tsk’ noise with his tongue. “Come prepared, Cap. I guess we can just walk back.”
It’s more important for me to not think about it when Steve and I are on a mission together. I had to focus. Those thoughts – or him – can’t distract me.
Steve rolled his eyes before he got in on the passenger side. Tony was joking about his stench as he had in the dream. He raised an eyebrow to Steve before he got in after.
Unless they got distracted gazing into each other’s eyes with a smile.
The elevator dinged and opened, and Tony grabbed the pizzas that were set on the floor to come up. No one except permitted personnel were allowed to stand inside the elevator that leads to Tony’s suite. If someone tried who wasn’t permitted, Jarvis wouldn’t allow the elevator to move and he’d contact security – Happy.
They were each slowly pushing limits of intimacy in attempts to have more of the other, and since both wanted to get closer, they didn’t mind and let the affection happen.
Steve’s lips turned up into a smile as they slid into one of Tony’s cars. “At least I don’t have to worry about weight gain,” He joked lightly before he smiled to Tony.
But I don’t like him like that. I’m not going to risk getting caught staring when it was for nothing. There’s no way I like Steve Rogers.
I simply wave a hand in the air. “Sorry, the information,” I correct then pulls on a small smile for him. “What’s up?”
. Yes, it’s as exhausting as it sounds. No, no one else knows. No, I’m the only person who remembers the Thursdays. Yes, I’m telling the truth. No, I don’t know why. I’ve told you of this more than half of the Thursdays I’ve been on, but we can never figure out what it is.”
Tony reached over and caressed Steve’s cheek gently. “Whatever happens when midnight comes, you know I’ll always be there for you. Right? You said so yourself.”
There was silence. Tony rubbed the back of his neck. “Yeah. Uhm,” He cleared his throat. “Last minute love revelation
“Wait, is this why you both haven’t been doing as much with the others lately? And you’ve been blowing off our plans?” Rhodey suddenly asked Tony with a pointed look. “You could have just told me, Tony. We’ve been best friends since college.”
It suddenly hit Tony the immensity of everything that Bruce has missed. The Avengers are now officially disbanded. Thor left after Ultron and hasn’t returned since. Steve, Natasha, and Wilson are underground. Hell, Bruce doesn’t even know who Sam is.
“The good parts?” Steve kept his face in Tony’s neck, thinking as his hand rubbed Tony’s back gently. “Uhm, there was this one night that I was up on the ledge on the common floor. It was the first time in the loop that I felt like I may be able to…you know.”
Steve held Tony closer. It didn’t feel real, but at the same time it felt too real. “Tony, I-I…” He swallowed the lump in his throat. What if Tony dying ended the loop? It would be a relief for it to stop, but at the cost of losing everything that kept him grounded? At the cost of losing his Tony? “I love you too.”
. Steve. That’s not even a blurry, far off picture. It looks like they were right in front of the car with their damn camera!”
Tony stopped working abruptly and looked up. “Well, just tell me who it is.” His brows furrowed together. Even when someone requests to remain unknown, FRIDAY never listens.
Steve didn’t bother looking at their surroundings. He had to find the one he was looking for.
“I hope that was a sufficient enough tip to help with your rent?” I ask knowingly.
I give it some thought then shrugs. “My best guess? He’ll either be cunningly handsome yet psychotic and manipulative, or he’ll be one of those crazy scientists with equally crazy white hair.”
? Sorry, Cap. You’re going to—” He was cut off by one of the guys shooting the off-guard Tony with one of the alien guns.
Steve stepped off the elevator and into Tony’s suite. He put his hands in his pockets as he looked around. It was bigger than the other floors for the Avengers, but it was also messier.
Tony glanced between them, knowing it wasn’t his place to initiate any fighting. He also didn’t connect the dots yet.
“It wasn’t my best nap, but it still did the trick,” I reply as I grab my drink. “My neck feels a little stiff, if I’m being honest.” I take a sip from the straw, and Steve’s lips glanced down before they glanced back up to my eyes.
Steve let his hand drop limply once Sam let it go. “What? No, it’s not,” He tried to defend. “Yesterday was Thursday. We ran. It was Sunny. And you told me not to forget my money for today for smoothies.”
“Goodnight, Tones,” Steve murmured back softly as he wrapped his arms around Tony.
tenseness.
“It would be a lot less, well, weird if so. How can I dream of something so accurate and so real though?” Steve asked with an edge to his tone. It was beginning to get frustrating for him.
I glance to his arms before I force my gaze up to the menu as well. I don’t want Steve to catch me staring, and I definitely don’t want the public to catch me staring. It doesn’t mean anything, and the press would spin it into so much more if they could. Especially since they know I’m into guys.
“Shut up!” Steve roared in anger. He didn’t want to hear how he failed himself and most importantly, he didn’t want Tony to hear it either who was currently looking increasingly concerned.
“Just take a deep breath, Cap,” Tony tried to soothe, keeping his hands on Steve’s hands as Tony scooted even closer.
“No, Steve,” Tony held his hand up to stop Steve from continuing, pinching the bridge of his nose with his other hand. “You said I was your anchor, right? Then what did Loki mean when he said you were willing to take your own life?” Tony didn’t want to know the answer to this, not really, but he felt he had to. He wanted to know if he heard wrong. He wanted to know that his Steve didn’t do that.
By the time Steve decided to stop, it was early in the afternoon and the sun was almost right in the middle of the sky. He had driven for at least seven or so hours, give or take some minutes. He drove himself to a beach, and it took him some navigating through applications on his phone to realize it was in Virginia.
It seemed similar to Loki’s staff that they faced, but Steve couldn’t tell for sure. He never got to really study it. Tony walked closer and examined it himself, running his fingers over the side of it.
“So, you just have America running through your mind and subconscious twenty-four-seven then?” I snort, looking at him in amusement. “Next are you going to tell me that you sing the national anthem in your sleep? Because as your roommate and driver, I should know.”
Steve’s face fell as he realized how his words sounded against me. Well, I’m assuming he realized his mistake. “Wait—”
Fury crossed his arms and leaned back in the chair opposite from Steve. There was a pitied look on Fury’s face that was definitely a change from the usual. “I’m gonna need you to start from the very beginning, Cap. Don’t leave anything out.” He eyes Steve with a stern expression, not wanting any bullshit.
The medical center was pretty big, and it was filled with highly advanced machines and technology that Steve would never understand. Tony motioned Steve to a chair before he started the machine and got the wires ready.
“Tony, please don’t. They’re godawful,” Steve pleaded as he held his phone away. “It wasn’t made for combat so it’s basically a costume for those shows I had to do.”
“I don’t care about that right now,” I cut off before I push my glasses up more nose more. “Did you read the part of the briefing where we’ll have no internet? I won’t even be able to use any of my service,” I exclaim a tad more dramatically than needed.
Right before the bag could give way from the force of his repetitive punches, he heard JARVIS speak.
“Now to what I asked: you’d answer her but not me? And don’t give me the bullshit that you were worried about her because I’m over here worried about you.” Tony rambled angrily before he huffed out, taking a moment to collect himself. “Steve, this isn’t like you.” His voice was softer now, and it definitely showed how concerned he truly was – more concerned than angry.
“Steve! Thank goodness it’s you,” I interrupt breathlessly before I walk a couple steps to stand in my doorway. By the look he was giving me, I’m assuming it looks like I just went a couple rounds in the bedroom.
Tony’s eyes did wandering of their own though. Steve felt the gaze on him as if it could be physically felt.
Steve’s cheeks turned a light shade of pink as he rubbed the back of his neck. “Sorry about that,” He apologized bashfully. “I burn all those calories with the serum and…yeah.”
It was the way Tony had answered that made Steve not want to push on the subject, so the next few minutes were filled with a silence between them.
Steve’s smirk turned into a grin as he listened. “Your floor?” He suggested once he was able to look at Tony again.
“Now that you see I wasn’t kidding, what does this mean for us? You—We didn’t want the others to know and now, well, the whole world knows,” Steve huffed out before he rubbed a hand over his face.
Tony looked over to Steve before he focused on Fury. “Aliens? Hydra? Weapons? Robots? What are we dealing with here?”
“Pick whichever bed you want,” I offer as I set the bags down on a table in the room. “I’m going piss and brush my teeth before I crash.”
He opened the door without knocking, too worried about his teammate and best friend. “Tony?” Steve’s eyes found Tony’s as soon as he entered the room, and there was no looking away or adverting gazes.
There was a pause between them. Steve couldn’t control it anymore. Tony was there in front of him being wildly concerned for Steve’s wellbeing and after last night, Steve knew they had strong feelings for each other.
“You-You can’t just— What the hell are you doing here?” Tony’s voice began to rise with his words before he realized the door was still ajar. Quickly, he turned and slammed the conference room doors closed then locked them.
The alarm clock beeped at 6:30am as always, and Steve snapped his fingers to shut it off. He slid his legs off the bed and sat up, rolling his shoulders to get rid of the remaining ache from yesterday.
Tony understood and took both their mugs to the kitchen for some coffee with a little kick. He handed Steve his mug back once he made his way into the living room again. Steve thanked him in a murmur before he downed a few sips to feel the burn. It helped him remember that this was real. It had to be.
“Tony let’s go out. I’ll buy the drinks,” Rhodey suggested as he walked out the elevator into the common floor. He looked around before he found Tony sitting at the bar in the kitchen. “You ready?”
.” He grabbed both of Tony’s hands, looking at him desperately.
– it was seldom anything different. Steve kept the same routine everyday unless plans were made, or a mission popped up and demanded his presence.
Steve stopped on the building next to the one where the dealers supposedly were and looked in the alley way between the buildings. He glanced up to Tony before he jumped down into the alley, landing gracefully while barely making a sound: Captain America style.
Tony didn’t respond, but instead he stepped aside and swept his arm out in a welcoming manner. Steve gave a nod as a thank you before he stepped into the suite he was in the night before. At least, where he thought he was.
In the month following their one-night stand, things had not gotten awkward for Steve and Tony. In fact, the opposite happened. They were more in tune with each other during fights and just with each other in general.
“Smoothies?” Sam gave Steve another weird look as he stood with the help. “Smoothie day is tomorrow – Friday. Today’s Thursday.”
sound like something I’d do.” He looked to Steve sheepishly.
Tony’s eyes rolled but the smile was still on his face. “It’ll heal, if that’s what you’re asking for. Just stings like a motherfucker.”
Steve wasn’t sure, but he swore he could hear a snicker come from Tony over the comms. “If you’re done lecturing a bad guy, I’d appreciate the help,” He spoke through to Steve, and Steve could practically hear the grin on Tony’s face.
Tony patted Steve’s back before he walked up towards the entrance to the diner. “I wouldn’t dwell on figuring my dad out. I wasted too many years trying to do that.”
“Jesus, Steve. You’re like a block,” Tony groaned tiredly. He glanced at the clock before he sat up more. “You’re anxious, huh?”
“Oh fuck—” Steve breathed out sharply before he gasped in a breath of air. “Tony, i-it’s—”
“Steve? Steve,” Tony snapped in front of Steve’s face with a slight grin. “Stay here, buddy. I’m going down and get the food.”
Loki changed back to himself as he cradled his bleeding nose. He honestly wasn’t expecting being attacked until after Steve talked more. “You…You foolish mortal!” He bellowed once he saw the blood in his hand. Loki went to get up and lunge at Steve, and Tony held his arms up again in preparation, but before anything else could happen there was thunder in the distance.
Steve’s brows pulled together as he followed me into the bedroom. “Couldn’t you take some out and put those clothes into a separate bag?”
Follow my Instragram @starkthesnark for more and for updates on new stories!
“About the relationship and each other. Are you certain?” Natasha clarified as she looked at them seriously.
there? It’s a thirty-five hour drive out there—”
Steve crossed his arms over his chest, a hurt yet confused look settling on his features. “You called me at what was the middle of the night for you, and all I heard was you sobbing and apologizing to me. How did you expect me to react? What did you expect me to think?”
“Again?” Natasha questioned, raising an eyebrow to Steve.
“Now I’m glad I got sleep last night,” Tony admitted with a small chuckle. “Because with a mission, I’ll need it.”
Tony held his hands up in defense. “You’re right. Stupid question. That’s my fault.”
I look over to Steve and leans back, arching an eyebrow up as I watch him for a moment. “Are you more talkative now that you peed or something?” I question a little bluntly. “Not that I mind it. It’s better than the silent treatment. But it does pose a good question, don’t you think so?”
“Language.” It wasn’t the greatest comeback Stark has had, but it was a jab towards Steve and that’s all that mattered at the moment, other than Tony wanting to walk out and hide away.
Tony squeezed his eyes shut, his lips parted as he tried to form words.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’m sorry,” Steve breathed out. “I just—Do you have a minute?”
It made Tony worry every Thursday all over again, but for him it was the first time every day. Not to Steve though. Every Thursday his heart would twinge at how badly Tony worried. He couldn’t do anything about it except try his hardest to locate Loki.
What happened to just having a small crush?
Steve couldn’t resist those eyes. He never could.
Steve quickly wetted a part of the shirt with water before he dabbed at Tony’s chest. Steve focused solely on what he was doing. If he didn’t, then his eyes would betray him and wander over the rest of Tony’s still perfectly intact skin.
Why would he want us on this mission – together – if he never bothers to talk to me in the tower? Where we live just an elevator’s ride away? It, well, befuddled me to say the least.
Steve let out a breathy laugh. “The only difference between it though is that I actually like you, and Howard was just a friend to me.”
Tony looked up startled, his eyes wide. “Woah, can you read minds too? I was sure that you couldn’t have. Howard never mentioned it.”
“They didn’t hold back on those chocolate chips,” He observed once he swallowed his food. “They smell very sweet.”
“It’s best to leave it alone for now, Tony. At least until we figure out how we want to handle this ourselves,” Steve cautioned as he set slices of bread in the toaster for the two.
Steve’s arms tightened around Tony, not enough to hurt but enough to be secure. It felt odd how he was panicking a few Thursdays ago and now he was here with Tony. Steve felt relaxed, and it wasn’t just because of the meadow.
Steve stared at me for a moment before he picked up the menu as well. “It’s very different seeing you out of a formal suit or the Iron Man suit,” He mused after a moment, startling me from the quiet that was between us.
Steve combed his fingers through his hair before he picked up his phone on the bedside table to check it. He froze in place.
He laid the towel over his shoulder as he met up with Tony, who again was leant against the car.
“Precisely,” Steve agreed easily. “Bruce—We can say he’s off working on something important and top secret. Then Thor’s not even on Earth.”
Fury debriefed Steve personally. Even as Fury was rather skeptical of how everything happened, he wasn’t going to admit aloud that he was scared to further piss off the dark side of Captain America.
Steve knocked his alarm clock off his nightstand to get it to stop making such ear-piercing noises. He closed his eyes and folded his arms over the pillow rested on his head before he fell back asleep.
He pulled his cowl on before he snuck out to the garage floor. Steve situated himself on his motorcycle with his shield. He kicked the stand back before he sped out of the garage. It took him about half an hour to get there, and he pulled into some alley way a couple buildings down to not alert anyone.
When I see a good enough gas station, I put on my blinker before I turn into its driveway, parking the car at one of the pumps. “If you’re still in there when it gets done, I’ll pull into a parking spot,” I say as I grab my wallet.
But Steve wasn’t looking so he wouldn’t know. “Tony, please. I’m exhausted.” Steve stood up and went to walk away, but Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist gently as he too stood up.
“Great idea. I don’t know anyone who would want to talk to Tony Stark anyways. You certainly never do,” I snap out as I slam the pen on top of the notepad. “I think we’ve got enough done for today. Anything else can be discussed on the way there about the mission.”
– stuck in his workshop.
Tony didn’t respond, sensing there was more. Instead, he followed and listened.
He was glad the waves weren’t too strong on this Thursday, so he didn’t have to focus on keeping himself standing against stronger waves. He wanted to focus on the slow, melodic feel of the little waves hitting against his chest.
The door closed, and Tony led the two of them over to the kitchen. “I need coffee first,” He grumbled as he started a pot of coffee. Tony glanced over to Steve before he motioned towards the living room. “Make yourself a home. I’ll bring the coffee.”
Steve slumped onto his bed once done with his shower. He was exhausted, and the hot shower helped his muscles relax him. He crawled under the blankets before he closed his eyes and let sleep take over.
“You really do know how to leave a mark,” Steve mused as we walked out the Waffle House. “Normally I keep to myself in public if it’s not on some official business.”
“What do you mean we have to go undercover? We’re just about the most recognizable people there are,” I attempt to argue back as I wave away the projections I had up. “I don’t think you’ve thought this through. Have you?”
let any other Avengers know about this. They will never let it go, and then they’ll be the ones to make it awkward.”
Steve’s body tensed.
“It’s really about the dry and wet sand. You can’t use all dry sand, so you need the wet sand for more stability…” Tony continued to ramble on the logistics behind building The Perfect Stark Castle.
It wouldn’t stop no matter what Steve did to shake things up or even try to pretend that it was over. He felt like he was breaking. He had to at least be going insane.
“It’s settled then!” Tony declared with a smile. “First, we should confront the rest of the team. I’ll treat everyone to lunch.”
“Tony—”
“I don’t even want to know the word, or words, you would use for that.” There was a moment of silence as the two just looked at each other with smiles before Steve forced himself to look away.
Maybe before the loop it wouldn’t have been obvious, but by now Steve had time to get to know Tony more intimately. Like how when he starts to worry, his pinkie finger taps against whatever is in his hand, and he starts to shoot off solutions without receiving answers to some.
“J is offline,” Tony strained as he tried to take the suit off manually. “I could-could use a little help, Cap.”
Rhodey contemplated the two. “You know, I can’t decide between them – they were both awful,” He laughed and put a hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Once the gas stopped pumping, I pull into a parking spot then gets out, locking it behind me. Steve must have stayed inside to get a drink or something. Either that or he was taking a shit.
The two didn’t care in the heat of the moment. Tony had been stealing looks of Steve ever since they met, and Steve hadn’t been with anyone in 80 years. Plus, Steve couldn’t deny his interest in Tony.
“They are,” Steve agreed with a faint smile. “They’re good for the car ride.”
It rang. It rang again. And then it rang again. But then the call was picked up.
Tony rubbed his hands over his face. Too many things were coming at him at once that he couldn’t process it all at once. “Shit, I don’t know. I’ve never been here before in my life,” He exclaimed as he waved his hand around in exasperation. “I just – I don’t know – something felt right when I headed here. Maybe I have a good sense of direction?”
“I would kill to have an eidetic memory like you,” I fantasize before I chuckle. “Not literally, of course. But it would definitely be useful for when I tinker.”
Fury gave Tony a questionable look who just shrugged. “You know as much as I do. He might just be having one of those days.”
Steve sighed in defeat, though it wasn’t much of a bother to him. He liked hanging out with Tony, and maybe them talking can destress him. He managed to smile faintly at Tony. “Give me four burgers then. Everything on it.”
Steve pressed the button for the elevator, already dressed for the day, as he thought of what he could do with Tony. They could go to a local diner for breakfast, then – well, he didn’t know what else they could do. Steve didn’t know much about the modern-day city.
Tony glanced around the party and at all the other guests. “It is a great turnout. Then again, most of my parties are.” His gaze settled on Steve with a cocky grin.
Tony glanced around before he set his glass on the nearest object he could reach. “J, turn on incognito mode for the common floor.” The doors all chimed together as they locked, and from the outside the windows of the common floor darkened as they denied the outside world to see what was going on inside.
Steve worried his bottom lip before he scooted a couple inches closer to the edge. It would all be over if he just kept scooting forward…
Either way, this was the Steve I was stuck with. The one who was only focused on missions and being a solider.
That’s why he didn’t reply to Tony and instead stared out at the slow waves. Steve had a crush – if that’s what modern people call it these days – on Tony. There was no doubt. The question, though, was how much they were beginning to develop.
Tony took a few steps closer to Steve. “Well he did anyways because he tells me everything. Now do you mind telling what the fuck is going on with you?” He stopped in front of Steve, face plate still down and suit still on.
Rhodey eyed Tony suspiciously. He didn’t believe Tony, but he didn’t have anything else to go on.
Steve swallowed his mouthful, huffing out after. “It would have been easier if he just killed me then.”
Steve stood abruptly and looked around. He was in his room. Before he could even get a full breath of air, he was bounding down the hall and down the stairs to Tony’s suit.
somewhere and we don’t even have a clue.” He shook his head, not having enough information at the moment.
It was a few minutes more until the quinjet touched down on a rooftop a few blocks away from their destination. Tony flew ahead in his suit to scope out the area and look for heat signatures as Steve followed by jumping rooftop to rooftop.
Steve grabbed a water bottle and filled it up before he set off out his apartment – side-stepping a newspaper that was always set there sometime in the early morning - and towards the stairs. Normally no one else was up this early. If they were, it was because of missions or Tony didn’t sleep and instead stayed up all night tinkering in that workshop of his.
Steve shook his head. “Tony, you didn’t have to. And you would have been safe and this wouldn’t be happening—”
of all people thought we should go together even though he can’t even have a normal conversation with me. Did you know I still don’t know if he likes something as simple as a cheeseburger?” I ramble off in my frustration.
There was no getting out of the conversation, and Steve knew that. So, he told Tony everything about the loop and what happened the Thursday before. Except about the ‘I love you’ part.
Tony chuckled then winced again. “Nope. Now go rinse off that death smell, mother hen.”
“Ah! Captain!” Thor clapped Steve’s back enthusiastically. “Are you enjoying this wonderful mid-gardian party?”
Tony shook his head with a smile. “I’m content too. But I want to make this a good day for you. It looks like you need a day to just relax,” He noted with a soft voice as he smoothed his thumbs under Steve’s eyes.
“Uhm,” Steve’s brows furrowed together as he counted on his free hand. “Four? It’s good stuff. Thor said he’ll bring me back some next time he visits.”
He stopped walking alongside Steve and pulled a face. “Yeah, I get that a lot. Usually everyone thinks I’m too much, so it doesn’t matter. I know.” Tony pushed the words out his mouth, and Steve knew Tony could taste the bitterness on them.
Tony grinned before he stepped into the tub of bubbles along with the other man. “You know, it’s not too late to back out and just let the house cleaners take care of it. That way we can enjoy our morning tomorrow.”
“What’s up?” Tony casually asked with the underlying worry laced in the question. He handed one mug to Steve before Tony sat on the couch seat that was closest.
