She’s not sorry for who she is and what she did, but she is sorry that everything she worked hard to repair was gone just like that with one decision. She repaid Steve’s belief in her since their days in D.C. She didn’t do that for Tony, not nearly enough if he thought she was double-crossing him when it wasn’t about choosing sides.
He stared at Peggy’s note, trying to analyze the shape of every letter with such close attention that Dum Dum elbowed his side as he walked past the table, a teasing smirk lifting his bushy mustache.
It was was a hard week, really. He wrote a few different letters, trying to find a way to tell Peter, but always ended up throwing them away. He ended up giving up, and eventually sat at the bar, taking a few shots. But then Bob came over, looking more nervous then normal, and held out a little card.
And then the coughing started. It began with a tingle in the back of his throat, making him try to clear, but that only led to him coughing. He coughed and coughed, on hand over his mouth as he reached out wildly for something to cough into. It felt like something was in his throat, working its way up, and his hand was already wet with something that wasn’t spit. Finally, he gave one final hack, a glod of wetness landing in his palm.
“Well… Maybe you should go for it?” Steve suggested. “I know that the, uh, you-know-what has been kinda driven you a little crazy. I know it’s hard, but you know the saying. And it’s been two years, Buck. Even more for them. It’s better that no one knows and that we don’t go digging the knife in old wounds.”
Chest tight, Steve turned and ran down the streets. He stopped a few times to help up someone that was collapsed in the streets and redirect them to the Tower. He also knocked out a few people that tried to attack him, taking notes on where he left them. They weren’t his focus right now, but he’d come back to that issue later. For now, he’d just get to the mansion.
As if expecting his quick denile, Sam snorted and rolled his eyes, leaning back against a bookcase that was already filled with the tons of history and popular modern texts. “Cool it, Steve. I don’t mind, the whole man on man thing. If that’s your cup of tea, then it’s not my place to say no. Besides, I heard you ask him out before we left. You got it bad, man.”
“As you can see, these men are heavily armed and on a mission. A mission that could prove fatal to anyone who stands in their way. With no political will, or international pressure, there’s very little hope for these refugees.”
Granted, he hadn’t exactly told Steve that he’d visit today. After Pepper had cancelled all of his meetings, he’d called Iron Man to him and opted to surprise his husband.
He had never set foot in the west wing before—not after what Stane had told him about it: That it had been Indries and Tony’s space and that Tony had deliberately relocated Steve’s room to the other side of the house.
“You… Do you remember how I told you I’m the sort of guy everyone can fuck?” Tony asked, and there was something akin to fear in his eyes.
“It’s not about being anyone’s employees. It’s about making superheroes more legitimate,” Tony snapped. “And publicly accountable.”
Natasha bit her lower lip but couldn’t help the shuddering gasp that escaped her. “You… you haven’t exactly met that many women.”
"So," Steve said, not really looking at Bruce, who was seated beside him at the counter. He'd asked for a private talk and they'd ended up going to their usual cafe next to the art faculty. "You're probably wondering why I wanted to talk in private…"
That wasn’t entirely true, but it changed nothing. “I’m going home,” he told her quietly, then looked up. “You and Clint coming with me?”
"First of all," Bucky said, lifting a finger. "What happened wasn't your fault." His tone made it very clear that there would be no arguing with him on this. "And second…" He hesitated before shaking his head, subtle impatience creeping into his voice. "Self-deprecation never worked on me before, Steve. Why're you tryna use it on me now?"
Thus, Clint had been smashed into the wall twice, Hulk had destroyed the south wall of the training area while trying to escape Wanda’s blasts, and Sam and Rhodey had thrown in the towel ten minutes ago and were now comparing their repulsor tech on the side lines.
good. All this time Tony had hooked up with random guys and girls, he had never felt fire like this.
It was probably a bit strange that it had taken him this long. They’d gone through so much together, not just Steve and him, but the whole team. And amazingly, they’d settled each problem coming their way as a united force.
“Me neither,” Tony said on a low breath. He leaned up a bit from where he lay cuddled against Steve’s side. He smiled down at him, and pressed a kiss against Steve’s cheek.
Tony chuckled. He had been so enamored with Steve. How it had taken them another half year to get together was beyond him now. “I have my priorities straight.”
His nostrils flared and he grinned up at her, sneaking his hand up beneath her shirt to trace her spine with his fingers. Natasha was slowly grinding her naked body against his, licking his neck. “Fuck, Nat… I missed you.”
Truth was, he wasn’t even sure he understood what had happened to JARVIS. But he’d thought for sure that he was gone for good.
They looked at each other for a minute longer, until Steve’s shoulders sagged again with the weight of solemnity. “Come on, Tony, you know what I mean. This morning, everything was so wonderful, and now you’re giving me the cold shoulder. I might not have a lot of experience with sex, but I know when I’m being turned down.” He paused to lick his lips as his eyes darkened in reminder. “I just wished you would’ve told me so…”
He rolled his eyes, trying and failing to keep a straight face. “Don’t start this again. You know I don’t.”
Their hands were nearly touching. Steve could feel the millimeter or so separating them as if an electric current grazed the backs of their hands, and his awareness of that distance made the urge to touch Tony grow in intensity. He curled his hand into a fist instead, digging into the cool soil and feeling blades of grass pull up from the earth.
Tony came to him, his armor slipping off until he stood in just the clothes he had slept and left in when the call came through. His eyes were warm, and his hair curled at his temple just the way Steve loved, flattened as it was against his forehead by sweat and his helmet. There was nothing between them, not like when they had first met and the only thing Steve caught was his veneer. Tony’s brashness had been too loud for him after decades of silent sleep that he missed the beauty of him, the little glimpses Tony offered of what lay beyond that exterior.
He didn’t bother telling Steve that the ointment wasn’t that cold; it was just that his nerves shorted out from overstimulation as the cream touched his sensitive skin.
The throw was still in the room, though neatly folded and hanging off the back of the desk chair. He had flung it onto Steve’s bed and left as quickly as possible when he had tried to wipe all traces of Steve out in the open. For the first time since the fugitive Avengers returned with new people in tow, Tony realized that Steve had done his best to keep his presence contained to his room, mindful of Tony’s space as if he were a guest. Other than the mug, he always made sure to put everything away and out of sight. This was no longer home.
She has seen Steve like this before, though never to this extent. When Steve worked for SHIELD, he had been a mausoleum, a burial collection of memories and artifacts gathering dust, of regrets and everything that he would have rather forgotten but couldn’t for reasons that were too familiar to her.
Tony’s throat closed up, sealed by a drum of unshed tears too large for such a small space. It hurt when he swallowed around it. He wasn’t sure that he would be able to speak even if he knew what to say.
Thanos destroyed so much, razing everything to the ground and leaving behind scorched earth, but something fragile blooms in Tony’s eyes as Steve places his hand over his.
Nothing moved in the wake of his call. As the silence stretched on, the air seemed to grow heavier, weighed down with the stillness that came from absence; even the owl he had heard earlier seemed to have disappeared. He began to wonder if he should call out again when Tony appeared from behind the house, slinking around the corner with soundless, feline grace.
“I fell in love with you the first day you showed up in town,” Tony said simply, like it was the answer to everything. And once, he would have been embarrassed to say that, to be so direct, but this was old ground that they had trodden on many times before.
She also knows this: Tony handed over his heart to Steve—to all of them but most of all to Steve—along with the keys to his house the day he recruited them.
Chuckling at Tony's admission, Steve looked down to where they were connected, meeting Tony’s motions whenever he pressed back. There was something wonderfully attractive about how Tony let him take over. Just the knowledge that he could do what he wanted… and that Tony would meet him thrust for thrust was making him a bit dizzy.
“How can I help?” He brushed his nose further along the line of Tony’s jawline, pressing soft kisses on the skin wherever he could.
, he didn’t care much how desperate he might come across. “You know, I was okay with not having sex. It’s your fault I’m like this now.”
The smile on Steve's face turned softer, and he was genuinely happy to hear this. It meant more to Steve than Tony probably knew. Because it meant that Tony liked all of him, Captain America, but also the man under the uniform.
“Um?” Sam raised a hand slowly, frowning at Steve. “Did I… I don’t know, miss the moment where you came out?”
Tony took a sip from the coffee. It seemed like forever since he’d drank anything warm and he had forgotten how good felt. Taking a large gulp, only slightly wincing at the hot temperature, he cast Bruce another smile. “Thanks for that,” he said hoarsely, clearing his throat.
There was always something unnerving about Extremis clouding Tony’s eyes. That wondrous understanding that flooded his perspective on occasion and the utterly blank stare that marked total absentness were all on the uncanny side of disturbing. Some days, Steve would get frustrated with how often Tony was locked up in his own mind, but whenever he blinked the black away and smiled at him like he’d just realized something magnificent, Steve couldn’t find it in him to hold grudges against the virus. It had saved Tony’s life, after all. And he felt Tony’s hand in his. Felt the warm texture of his skin. If he inhaled, he would be greeted with Tony’s fragrance. It was more than one person could ever ask for. He might have to share his husband once in a while, but Tony was here, with him, and that was everything.
“We’ll buy you a new one,” Steve declared. His face was beet red, but he betrayed absolutely no shame. Or maybe he just stoically endured his predicament. Both options were equally awesome. “Please leave now.”
“It’s a reasonable worry,” he defended himself, trying not to meet Steve’s gaze too often. “If I understood myself correctly, which of course I did, the switch-back only works because you have the same DNA. Our Steve doesn’t have the Time Sequencer in your time, so he relies on you being sent back. If something happens to you here, he’s stuck.”
It wasn’t wrong, no matter how much they’d said so when he’d grown up. It was fine to feel that way for a man, and he knew Natasha wouldn’t look at him differently after.
Tony grinned at that and took a deep breath as he looked at everyone in the room. “I know it seems rash, and I know some of you probably lost their trust in me after Ultron… or never trusted me from the beginning.” His eyes flickered to Wanda and Pietro. “But I actually thought this through. And I’m not worried. Not with J. He is, and always was, much more than meets the eye. He is one of us, or so I like to believe. So if you don’t trust me… trust him.”
“Do you know where the twins are?” Natasha called to Tony as they ran out of the Quinjet. “Are they scattered or are they congregated somewhere?”
The idea was still a little too big to grasp. Sometime before this thing with Barnes had happened, when their lives had been a bit more peaceful, the thought had etched itself into Tony’s brain. That now that he had Steve, maybe he could think about all those things he’d never allowed himself to think of before.
“I have access to a decent databank. And the comparison for your current expression is someone mourning a relative at a funeral.”
But that wasn’t the point. Steve needed time to process. Steve was open minded, sure, and he knew his mother would love him no matter who Steve liked, but he was allowed a day of freaking out about apparently not being who he thought he was, right?
Rhodey tossed her a sympathetic glance. He was wringing his fingers nervously. “Doesn’t matter. Don’t really think the UN cares what we decide. If we fail to bring them in, they’ll try to arrest them on their own. And that might not end well.”
Tony snorted as he cupped his cheeks. “I was kinda banking on that.” He took Steve’s hand and guided it down to his crotch, pressing it against the hard bulge there. “And I’m right there with you.”
There would be a time to stop and mourn the memory of his friends. For now, something greater was driving Tony onward.
Steve opened his mouth to say something, but no sound came out. He was beyond words when it came to this question. A silence fell.
There was a beat of silence. “Thank you,” Tony whispered and kissed him shortly. He walked by the place where the holographic piano had been just moments ago, looking down on it.
Steve wanted to begrudge the way Tony was fussing. He didn't want to want this kind of reverent treatment. A first time wasn't that big of a deal for him. He had new experiences every day and he never fussed over it. Fact was, that despite Steve's perception of himself, this
Within hours, a crisis committee had declared SHIELD a terrorist organization, with many agents considered fugitives. Tony had helped Phil with erasing whatever identities he could, but in the end, most of their files were up and about… Natasha’s, Clint’s, the whole team’s; JARVIS was filtering what he could, but all in all, they were all out in the open now, every dirty secret, every step they’d ever taken. Right now, the focus was on HYDRA, Pierce and a few world-famous historical catastrophes HYDRA had played a part in over the years. And luckily for them, no one made the connection between HYDRA and Bucky Barnes.
He and Bucky both looked up. She had a sheet of paper in her hand, and hesitated a moment before she handed it to Steve.
He reached for his shield, and walked towards the woods. Turning around one last time, he saw Tony sitting hunched at the fire, face in both of his hands, the pork lying forgotten on the ground. And he tried not give way to satisfaction, knowing that this was just as hard on Tony as it was on Steve.
—he knew one thing beyond any shred of uncertainty: He wanted Tony to be his. To know that he belonged to him. He wouldn’t have dreamt of it before, but now…
“I would have loved to show it to you,” he told Steve as he came nearer. “It’s beautiful, isn’t it? Indries had infamous taste.”
However, only seconds passed, before something in Tony’s expression shifted. The distance in his eyes faded, and a small smile appeared on his lips. “So the dreams were really true,” he mused, more to himself than anything. He huffed. “What about that.”
“You really have never done this. Never had someone take it in the mouth.” To Steve’s amazement, his face fell with something that looked a lot like shame. “Right, Captain?”
was a thing now. Steve smirked. “Shut it, whatever—Bucky does need our support, and I have done everything in my power to have him free of charge, you
“We’re already in ‘real trouble’, if you haven’t noticed. And anyway, you snap out of it all by yourself. I trust you, we all do, whether you like it or not—and the team needs you now.”
While he talked, Tony breathed against the heel of Steve’s hand and rubbed his palm back and forth across the line of his jaw. Steve’s fingers curled involuntarily around it.
The mansion? It took Steve a moment to gather what that meant, but when he did, Tony’s reaction made a lot of sense. What Steve had taken for a library must really be Howard’s old office.
“Great, okay: The number of the restaurant is on the pad next to the phone. So’s the number of Ian’s pediatrician. I fed him about two hours ago, and now that he’s awake, he’ll probably want to eat again before we get home, so there’s a can of formula in the cupboard. I pinned a manual on the carton, and if you’re still not sure how to do it, feel free to call me and—”
Tony sighed. “Having you around always had me on my toes for some reason,” he admitted. Then, he let a small smile reach his lips. “But have you never heard that boys are mean to the people they secretly like?”
“You holding up alright?” Steve asked. His words were wasted, though. Tony wasn’t here. His eyes were oily black, fingers twitching occasionally. He’d mastered Extremis in an incredible short amount of time, but then again, Steve hadn’t expected anything less.
Steve nodded jerkily. “Mister Stane,” he said, cursing his trembling voice as they shook hands. “My name’s Steve.”
Snagging a rolled up pancake with palpable frustration, Tony pushed it into his mouth, chewing on it.
They were still trying to pinpoint what exactly HYDRA had done to Barnes’ brain. And how it would affect him, now that he’d taken that first step into remembering who he’d once been.
“Home?” Steve asked, and maybe he was overanalyzing things, but it looked as if Tony startled at the sound of his voice.
“God,” Steve gasped, letting his head drop on the sleeping bag. “You have any idea what it takes to resist you?”
Tony smiled and brushed his fingers through Steve’s hair. “I probably will at some point, give me a little time.”
--deep down, that this can’t possibly be true. I was never the kind of guy for a passing infatuation.”
Friday’s interface blinked once, a map opened, and it zoomed in on a building in Malibu. “She’s alive, sir.”
Wanda stared at him and that condescending way of hers, but her grip on Rumlow loosened, only a fraction, but it was enough. Rumlow wrenched an arm free and Tony saw him reaching for the bomb, so Tony shoved Wanda off him and pulled Rumlow against his chest instead.
Oh God, Steve’s life wouldn’t be the same after this. He was lost, addicted to the way Tony was looking at him right now.
And if that wasn’t enough, the knowledge that Tony could have lost him just as easily as he’d lost Peter cut him to the bone. Tony felt he had aged centuries in just a few hours. And now… he was ready to make the sacrifices he’d been too much of a coward to consider until now.
And it was true: Everything seemed to be going in reverse. The sky became whole again, lives were restored, and even Thanos began to twitch beneath them.
“Lies and slander,” Tony said, sitting up in their bed and smiling at him with an adorably sleep-rumbled look. “You know, seeing you hold our child is… something else entirely.”
Tony could hear everyone talking indistinctly from the hallway. He had brought them together, had coordinated everything within an inch of its life so that their response to the invasion would be swift and efficient. Steve knew that he would. He had called Tony when the first Outriders dropped onto Earth to warn him and then, once they realized the onslaught was happening simultaneously around the world, to work together to fight off what Tony had predicted from the very beginning would only be the first wave.
“I’ve been planning for this for years. I’m fine,” he said. “I came to talk about something else.” He had no idea how to go about this. A long silence stretched between them as Steve waited patiently for him to continue. “What you said…” His voice sounded strained to his ears. He cleared his throat. “What you said about not wanting any of it to turn out this way. That’s not all on you. I should haven’t backed you into a corner, and I made mistakes because I rushed things. And I’m sorry for that. And for—for what happened in Siberia too. With Barnes. I almost killed him.”
Even if Steve knew that, Natasha isn’t sure he would keep it anyway. She knows he thinks himself undeserving.
Pepper flies in straight from Tennessee as soon as they tell her what Tony left them and Thor sends Carol to the coordinates Tony gave. They argue whether they should, if it’s crueler to get her hopes up when they might fail or to let her continue thinking there’s no way to reach him, alive or dead. They choose to tell her but feel stupid when they do. Of course Tony would have left her a message.
There was an opening. It could be a long shot, a risky one especially as the margin for error was slim, but if they could get in right as soon as Thanos powered up the Gauntlet, if there was an all-out effort to distract him and hold him off at that exact moment, then maybe, just maybe, for the briefest of seconds the Gauntlet would be vulnerable and there for the taking.
His words trailed off in the end, dissolving, and Steve waited a moment longer for them to be scattered by the wind, so that whatever was left of Tony would be carried up into the sky.
“All the more reason I should have known. It was my fight. I would have worked with you to make sure the right people paid for what they did and every single person that Hydra has ever hurt saw justice. Fuck, we’re
"By the way, they're communicating with a variation on a World War 2-era cipher," Tony says. He picks his helmet up off the table and puts it on; his next sentence comes out muffled before abruptly gaining clarity as the armor seals itself around him. "Analog technologies only. Reed and I are working on cracking it."
Jack's waiting down the hall. He turns around when Tony enters the room. "Tony. Thought you were someone else for a minute there. Come on, come in. Feeling better?"
Pepper is there in the front. So is Rhodey. Iron Man watches from a distance, magnifying the scene through his optical display. It's almost like he's really there. There's a priest by the grave, along with half of Happy's boxing club and what looks like the entirety of his church. Someone says a couple of nice things. Pepper cries. They put Happy in the ground then, and everything else is reduced to irrelevance.
Something in his chest seizes—certainly not his heart. It's just muscle and tissue, it's just a fear-response. "I don't wear the armor everywhere, Maya."
Steve looks wary, but Tony doesn't wait for him to answer. "I fabricated an identity, contacted the Miami branch, and started selling patents to Stark Industries. Small stuff at first. Better circuitry for coffeemakers, that kind of thing. Dad didn't figure it out until I sold him the design for an ECCM subsystem to go in his latest surface-to-air missile. He was angry, but in retrospect, I think he was also impressed at how brazen I was."
and there's no hope against Maya if he can't think. Were he to pick a time to lie down and wait to die, surely it would resemble this.
"Can I hire her yet?" Tony asks. They're trailing Lila through the Stark Industries exhibition hall. This is where he brings potential partners when he wines and dines them. Nice place, but a little flashy, what with all the history of his father's company packed into one grand viewing gallery. Lila's eating it up. Hell, so did Tony at her age.
He has yet to engineer the perfect metaphor. Luckily for the genius industrialists of the world, all arguments are made up and the means don't matter, not when the end is this:
VP: He always said, "Pep, don't let me end up like that. You tell me to quit, I quit, and if I get to the point where you're feedin' me mush 'cause I don't have the brains left to feed myself, you let me go." He never wanted this. He would've… he'd hate—
Happy has a private suite, courtesy of his boss; Tony feels the tick of the life support long before he hears it. It might as well be flagged red and gold—among the electronic noise of the hospital, the signal calls to Tony like a beacon. It throbs in his head in time with Happy's pulse; the EEG readings, in contrast, are flat.
—would like to keep you as Director of SHIELD for as long as possible." Translation: I'm going to bring you back into the fold, which means if you screw up, my head's on the chopping block. Maybe he and Jack really are friends; or maybe Tony's definition of friend involves business deals and golf courses. Maya wouldn't golf, but Happy would have.
Carol will be there. Rhodey will probably be there, too. They want Tony to speak, to say a couple of words. He has three days to come up with something or to stick his head in the oven, whichever most inspires him. No. He's better than that. He can do better. He's always thought a good way to go would be to fly himself up three hundred miles or so, into low Earth orbit, and slowly replace his oxygen flow with some kind of nontoxic asphyxiant while he takes in the view. Nitrogen, maybe. It's just a What If. Everybody has one.
What Steve doesn't know and Tony won't admit is that Steve has seen Tony through some of the worst parts of his life.
He could take his rot and go lie down on Steve's bed, though. Tony lives a twilight existence in which he does not need sleep, and that's by design; but he imagines a What If where he does sleep, a What If where he and his rot could crawl into Steve's bed and sleep until the end of the universe. Tony can't think of any place he would rather sleep than Steve's bed. It feels like some gross perversion of the care Steve once took with him, but Tony killed Steve, and in the face of murder one pathetic indulgence shouldn't seem like a violation even if it feels like a violation in his gut where shame sits.
"They kill him by pressing. Put a board over his chest and pile stones on it until he breaks or dies. But you know what he said, every time they asked him to admit guilt?"
"It gets worse," Tony assures him. "In the morning, Igraine learns that her husband died the day before, and even though she's grieving, she marvels over those last few hours, you know? And after an appropriate amount of time, Uther sends Ulfius to Igraine with an offer of marriage, and Igraine accepts, because that's how things worked back then, I guess. After they've been married a while Uther asks who her baby daddy is, and Igraine says, you know what, that's weird because my husband came to me when he should've been dead, and Uther says: boy have I got some news for you."
Is he Arthur, or Lancelot? Is Steve both, or neither? Tony's just the interloper, this has always been Steve's kingdom, but there's also a fairly convincing argument waiting to be made that Tony's in a long-term relationship with his own appetite for destruction. That's his lady love, his Guinevere; anything else is functional distraction.
"The federal government, all those big boys in big suits with their big balls—they can't regulate us for who we are," Tony says. "They try, and they fail. But regulating us for what we choose to do? Chair Force, that's what governments are
Or a resistance: fighting brainwashing, aware that his mind was not inviolate but unable to stop the violation, when the only thought that had lent him the strength to endure had been his certainty that the minute he gave up, Steve's life would be forfeit—
The fifth blow cracks his faceplate open. One of his cheekbones gives way. If Rogers keeps this up, he's going to cave Iron Man's head in.
When he was young, Arthur was a fairy tale: something told to him by his mother in bits and pieces before bedtime or when she needed him quiet. He'd liked the grandeur of it, the romance, the chivalry—the hopeless idealism, if he could be honest. Only later in life, when he'd read
Tony opens the door. His gauntlet clinks faintly against the doorknob; the metals drag against each other when he drops his hand back to his side. It makes him aware that he is, in his other hand, carrying a shield. There's blood on it, on the back side and a little on the rim. Steve wasn't carrying this when he was shot because Steve was unarmed and handcuffed when he was shot; the blood came from later, when Tony had laid the shield over Steve's body. He hasn't been to see Steve since then, though. From whence did the shield come, that's the question, but if Tony had the answer to that, he could rewind time back to the moment when they drew Steve out of the water in his gleaming mail, a hero from a bygone age.
. Tony has neither the time nor the patience for divinity; his higher power is form and function, mathematics, and the world to come. He defines himself as a humanist and a futurist, a secular believer in the infinite complexity of the universe, but in times of great, profound stress, he sometimes falls back on the childhood prayers of his mother.
In retrospect, he should've seen this coming. In retrospect, he should see all things coming. His hindsight is perfect, the way he can pick out how he went wrong is perfect, but his foreknowledge is an imperfect thing. Fortunately, Tony Stark 3.0 is on the horizon, a being so well engineered nothing ever takes it by surprise.
STARK: Must've been during her media blitz a few years ago. I did sponsor Carol through AA, but she's done all the hard work herself.
to Jessica Drew. They were friendly, but most of what he knows about her is filtered through Carol, and therefore he has been made aware that Drew is the funniest, the toughest, and the most beautiful woman on the face of the planet.
BOWMAN: What you'd expect. Resistance to a number of diseases, fixes for more common debilitating factors—poor eyesight, for instance, and dementia.
"No, he would have abhorred this." The kid's fingers are flying over the keyboard again. "He was a true pacifist. A good man, where I am not a good man. But I have a sister," he says. "My mother was pregnant when my father died. My sister is a prodigy. You can relate, I'm sure. She's brilliant. Young, but already in college. The big joke here is that my mother named her after
TS: Take the briefcase, too. And tell Pepper "Happy Anniversary" from me. That goes for you, too—I don't want to see either of you before next Monday.
Tony rolls with the punch. Steve didn't put the full force of his body behind it; it's a warning, hard enough to bruise but not hard enough to kill. His grip on Steve breaks. Despite the support of the armor, he staggers. Takes a step back.
It's a miracle of nano-engineering. Each part is powered discretely through an application of Casimir plates pioneered by Tony himself and linked through the undersheath that lives beneath Tony's skin, and, as a redundancy, through autonomous communication systems. The entirety of it was built not piece by piece but particle by particle. The number of patents he holds for processes invented purely to create this iteration of the Iron Man is staggering.
"He landed on a plane," Tony says. "Walked away, went underground, started an illegal movement… You know Cap. He likes to stay busy."
"My contacts in Congress have been assuring me that the whole deal is dead in the water. They're wrong. One way or another, registration is happening."
BIRCH: Assuming I was defaming them instead of you. The implication was that you have to buy your friends, not that Ms. Potts and the rest are willing to be bought.
Pepper has told him more than once that he's full of it. She says that he's trained himself to work under suboptimal conditions and that the only reason he thinks he functions better when deprived is that his blood sugar's so low he's hallucinatory. Tony usually counters by pointedly drinking coffee in her direction.
JK: What do you think you'd accomplish? We might be embarrassed, losing two directors in a matter of months, but you're already the man who murdered Captain America. And hey, this way you might actually get your job back.
Senator Boynton (D - NY) introduced the Superhuman Registration Act to the 109th U.S. Congress. It passed through both the Senate and the House with unprecedented speed; Friday had staged an entire holographic production of Schoolhouse Rock's "I'm Just a Bill" to either cheer Tony up or piss him off—hard to tell with her. The president had signed the act into law in the early days of summer. A matter of hours after it passed, Steve Rogers, in one of his usual unintentionally iconic displays, had announced his decision to resist Registration and go underground. Neither the announcement nor the resistance were peaceful. He and Tony haven't spoken since.
“Oh, that. I can’t believe it got to you in one piece,” Sam said as if this wasn’t odd at all but was rather something expected, which Steve couldn’t understand because he hadn’t ordered cheese, no one had mentioned getting cheese, and there wasn’t any note attached to it explaining where the cheese had come from.
Tony was content simply standing next to Steve, watching in comfortable silence as the city they both loved came alive. He could wait for Steve. He always would.
“Yeah well, I don’t have to babysit too much. Peter’s great. Smart too. He’ll leave me in the dust one day.”
Often, during long nights on the run in cramped motels and abandoned warehouses, he had wondered whether they would know what to say to each other if they ever met again.
He was losing himself. Someone was screaming and vaguely, as though from miles away, isolated from his own body and mind, he was aware that it was him. Information overload. He was taking too long to choose, and the Gauntlet was wresting control from him, preying on his indecision. It would break.
Steve hesitated for a beat, then smiled and motioned for Rhodey to sit down. He hadn’t seen him since their first visit to the mansion. He sometimes visited Tony, but Steve rarely got to see him. Which meant…
He let the moment pass, but no longer than that, just in case Tony was going to whine about it. "If you must use a nickname for me…" He paused, wondering if this would be a good idea. Only Bucky and the rest of the guys from their company used to call him this, but… It would beat having Tony call him shnookums any day. "You might as well go with ‘Cap’."
“Want you naked,” Steve murmured, his hands fisting the material of Tony’s dress shirt to pull him nearer.
A powerful breath seized command of him. “I’m… not sure how to deal with that. When I came here… I come from a world where we ended up fighting each other. I never imagined something like this could happen.”
Soon, he found out the extent of how great it was. How warm and intense and wet in a way he wasn't sure he was comfortable with. Tony was saying things but Steve wasn't present enough to really hear them. Here, taken apart and put back together again, Steve couldn't spare the attention to decipher words. He just was, and Tony was with him.
Steve took a moment to assess his own situation. Now that Tony's calculating look was back, he felt a little more at ease engaging him in actual conversation. He hadn't gotten hit, though he did get a decent smack to the head when Tony tackled him out of harm's way.
His legs could no longer support his weight. He dropped to one knee and placed a hand on the ground for balance. The grass was wet under his fingers, the dirt cool and damp from the rain that had fallen that morning.
except he didn’t know what he wanted to accuse Steve of doing. How dare you take this from me, how dare you keep this from me, how dare you act like this means anything after all that happened. He didn’t understand what the point was, saying this now. If Steve had known before he found out about the murder, if Steve had known before Siberia, he hadn’t mattered enough. If it had been after Siberia, he only mattered because some random twist of fate put his words on Steve’s wrist.
If there was no escape for him, there would be no escape for Tony too. An eye for an eye, a heart for a heart.
His hands were trembling uncontrollably, creating tiny seismic waves that rippled through his body. The Gauntlet lay to the side, forgotten.
Steve’s expression was severe in its intensity, and Tony could have mistaken it for dogged determination had it not been for the cracks he had made. Misery broke through, lacquering every line, a twisted
, he thought, watching himself in his bathroom, reading a new blood toxicity report, heaving over the toilet, scared of dying alone even as he isolated himself, pleading even when he had lost all hope that he would last long enough to see his soulmate just once.
Tony laughs humorlessly. There’s something wrong with the sound, a wheezy breathlessness that Steve instantly recognizes. Color drains from his face rapidly, leaving behind a ghastly pallor. His lips move with a silent message to Tony that she can’t read; he can’t seem to work out what to say. It doesn’t matter. His clenched fists and his eyes say plenty. Terror washes in behind the wave of relief, consuming it before it even reaches shore.
He didn’t think it was possible to hate himself as much as he did now. The loathing ate at him, violent and all-consuming; he was cannibalizing himself.
“Hurry,” he wanted to shout, but almost as soon as he had thought it, an amber circle glowed, dropping the container holding the Soul Stone onto the dirt in front of his knees, before blinking out of existence.
No noise came from Steve’s room, but Tony had seen his mug on the drying rack in the kitchen. It had appeared in the half-hour he had left and returned to the kitchen for a bite to tide him over through the night. It was late, but Steve was awake.
Steve liked to believe that he would have stopped himself from dealing the finishing blow. That he wouldn’t kill unless it was necessary, that he wouldn’t kill someone who used to be his friend even if he had turned foe. But the ugly, shameful, and frightening truth was that that belief, though it had been reset and healed, was now more fragile. Broken once, it was more susceptible to breaking again. Sometimes he wasn’t sure he would have held himself back had he not remembered in time that he loved Tony and had never stopped even at the peak of their fight. Nowadays, it was hard to remember what wanting to hold back felt like.
There’s no lingering rancor even if she and Jim would have been well within their rights to be angry with them. Natasha wouldn’t have blamed them if they had left Steve and her out in the cold, keeping them at arm’s length after everything.
He struggled to stay awake, his lids heavy. His breathing was too shallow, the opposite of Tony’s, his smile weak.
Home had been purpose. Then, as he wandered nomadically and the inability to settle anywhere for too long wore him down, a place to return to at the end of the day, somewhere safe where he belonged and could finally rest. Family, despite having told himself that he was fine being on his own and Tony that the Avengers were more Tony’s family than his.
He’s desperately trying to rein Ross back, pleading with a man he hated and never once bowed to until that moment, quick to swallow his pride and grovel if it bought their friends safety.
Hulk wrenched the Gauntlet off of Thanos’s arm as Gamora and Nebula tore into him, knives carving thick, punishing grooves into Thanos’s face from top to bottom, down his eyes to his chin. The blinding rays emitting from the Gauntlet winked out immediately as the Gauntlet dropped, Thanos roaring with anger and pain as several on their side joined Hulk and the sisters.
“We need to talk,” Steve said after they had watched the squabble on the grounds peter out. The way he was so apologetic, so tentative as though Tony would cave in at the slightest push, grated on Tony’s nerves.
“There’s no such thing as ‘impossible’ when it comes to Tony Stark,” Steve offers, and there’s admiration in his voice even if it bleeds with grief.
Except this time, and they both know it. His smile mirrors hers, and he’s gaunt, skinnier and tinier than he was in his press conference after Afghanistan, from his battle with palladium poisoning. He’s all cheekbones and sunken skin and big, sad eyes that look past her to see what remains of the team.
“Not too soon.” Steve could hear the frown in Tony’s voice. “I want you to live a long, happy life. Don’t come looking for me until you’re 120, all right?”
“I’ll be fine,” he settled on saying because it was true even if it was a lie. He was no stranger to loss; he would keep marching on like he always did even as he lost more and more of himself moving forward.
“I did consider signing the Accords,” Steve reminded him. “I wasn’t convinced by them and I don’t agree with how you treated Wanda even if I understand why you did it. But I thought that we’d have time to work on it together after we dealt with everything in Siberia and came back, to address the issues in it and make it better like you said.” Steve picked at a thread that had come off his sweatpants at his knees, twirling it absentmindedly, lost in thought. “And even with Zemo, I knew you’d help if you could and you proved me right. You have no idea how happy I was to see you.”
“My promises probably don’t mean much to you,” Steve said, and Tony knew that he was thinking about the phone.
He’s letting them in and believing in them, seeing their potential the way Steve saw the best in them.
Once something gets too big, the human mind struggles to understand or respond to it. The depth of the oceans. The distance to the moon. The size of the universe. Incalculably large numbers. All outside the realm of perception, more concept than reality, than solid, tangible existence.
But it’s not the right question to ask, when Steve already answered it somewhere along the way even if she can’t pinpoint exactly when.
“It doesn’t change anything,” he replied. He had agonized over what would be worse, not being Steve’s soulmate or being it, until he realized that it didn’t matter. Steve had chosen Barnes in the end. Would always choose him.
Within a beat, a shadow fell over Tony’s face, and if Steve’s hands on his waist wouldn’t have been as firm as they were, he probably would’ve pulled away.
Steve sped up and pulled up alongside some SUV they were now passing. There were two people in it, as far as Steve could see in the darkness.
Steve opened his eyes, and stared up into Tony’s widened browns. They broke apart from their kiss, looking at one another in dazed wonder.
Tony chuckled. At least one of them was happy. “Did you have to drag me here, or did I find my way back?”
Steve hummed, and the vibrations of his mouth sent electric shivers through Tony’s body. Then Steve contracted his throat muscles around him and sucked hard when Tony hissed and bucked, his grip on his hair tightening as a long, tortured moan ripped through his lips.
Anyways... it's been one hell of a ride for me, writing this story, and I can't emphazise enough how much every comment meant to me. You've all been so supportive and I don't think I could've get this done without your encouragment here and on tumblr, so THANK YOU.
“Best time of my life,” Tony said sighing wistfully, which would apparently be the only answer Steve was going to get. “Alright. I’m gonna send myself a little message.”
There was the picture of a young Afro-American boy, one of those photographs that were likely printed in a yearbook.
How strange it was, thinking that only about one year ago, this would’ve been impossible, and now… there were all these possibilities in their future, and Tony couldn’t wait to reach for every single one of them.
He had always wanted this, to feel someone smile against his lips out of pure joy, and never in his life would he have expected this person to be Tony, but… in this moment he felt blind for not seeing it earlier.
“I feel manhandled,” Tony said, chuckling between kisses. He was trapped in Steve’s grip but without any real want of escape. Steve’s chest was heaving—Tony couldn’t even put in words how much he loved the fact that he was the reason Steve was out of breath—and his eyes were searching Tony’s for an unnamed
“I told you you didn’t want to know,” he whispered, fear-stricken that he might’ve lost this after all.
Tony shrugged again and stood up from the bed, stretching slightly. The way he was presenting himself was obviously intended and Steve did his very best to ignore both of it. The guy was attractive enough without focusing on specific body parts—like his bowed back, or the slim legs, or his… very pert ass.
“If I’d just stay here,” Steve whispered after a moment, as if a secret, “in this room, no one would know, don’t you think?”
Slowly, Steve pushed the fabric of his briefs aside. Steve took a low breath as Tony’s cock sprang into his hand a moment later. He brushed along him for a moment, his touch delicate, exploratory. The texture was so smooth, the hair in his groin somewhat trimmed.
“Last night… I wasn’t myself. Obi’s driving me nuts, and I…” A long, broken laugh. “I’m sorry. So sorry. I shouldn’t have done it. Not without your consent.”
Tony froze, quivering with the weight of the coffee pot in his hand. His eyes went wide. “Oh my God.”
it wrong, again? Why the hell not just go for it? Tony was right there, wasn't he? If Steve made a move, he would probably go with it.
Barnes flinched a little, but his limbs that had previously shaken with the stress, now merely trembled with fatigue.
Was there a passage towards the sea? The workshop was situated way below the cliff’s edge, so there probably was a pathway down to the beach.
Tony knew he had to make quite the picture, with the way he stood right in front of Steve. Chest bare, empty bottle in hand, wings stretching all over the room, feathers still bloody and broken. All around him, the penthouse lay in complete shambles. Broken glasses, chairs flung around, paintings thrown off the walls.
Rhodey hummed, smiling. The easiness vanished from his expression soon after, his gaze turning thoughtful. “The UN is still willing to give him a trial if he turns himself in, right? Shouldn’t he—”
by yourself,” Bucky finished, grinning. He clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, pulling him into a hug. “Good to have you back. We were worried.”
There was a long beat, and Tony didn’t meet his gaze anymore. “I killed my wife,” he repeated, his voice barely audible. “I’m a monster who murdered my own wife. And now you know. Now
They all stared at Tony with open mouths. And Steve was sure that they all thought the same thing: Tony had never been this eager about something. His eyes were bright, one of his legs bouncing lightly as if he couldn’t possibly sit still any longer.
For a long beat, Tony simply looked at Steve, waiting for him to go on. Only when he noticed Steve’s hands shaking ever so lightly, he understood, with a sudden jolt of realization, what exactly Steve was trying to talk to him about.
“Do you have the keys?” Steve asked, realizing that the others were somehow up and about and he hadn’t even realized.
“Need it rough, do you?” Tony asked. He didn’t wait for a reply, though, didn’t need to—every part of Steve was speaking volumes of how bad he needed to let off some steam. So he sped up, gripping Steve’s shoulders tight. He buried his face in Steve’s throat as his hips smashed against him, pushing him further into the couch.
Tony’s fingers gripped the bench’s side harder, and he bit his lip as he thrust back to take him all the way in. His torso bowed back, groaning with how big Steve felt.
“Oh, shut up,” Steve said and tried to keep the panic from his voice. Did Natasha know? God, Natasha probably knew. He kept looking at her, but her expression betrayed nothing.
There was an almost imperceptible nod from Tony, a searching look in the brown eyes, but nothing more. Nothing demanding. Somehow, it made things much easier. “No, it isn’t. But it’s one thing, trying to find out what happened with Bucky, but it’s another altogether if the whole world is trying to stop you while you’re doing that.”
“It is,” Tony agreed, grinning crookedly. “Reverse-me is a complete douche and clearly has no idea what’s beneath those uniform pants. Here-me, on the other side, is very appreciative of what he has.” Tony’s mouth dipped to nip at Steve’s jaw line while he moved forward, crowding his space and trailing a hand down towards his groin.
Tony cocked a brow at him, as if trying to read his thoughts, but then he just leaned in and pressed a kiss against Steve’s cheek.
,” Tony shouted in about the same voice he did when he had an amazing idea and was a second from rushing down to the workshop. “He said something, right?”
About an hour later, there was a knock on the main door leading down to the basement that housed Bruce’s lab. He and Bruce both turned around and simultaneously pulled down their working goggles.
for him to be triggered. There had been two dozen soldiers with him—you have to see that there’s something off about this.”
Before the argument could escalate, Bruce intervened, putting a hand on Natasha’s shoulders and gently pulling her out of the fray. “Now isn’t the time.”
Natasha lingered in uneasy silence near the door to Bucky’s room. Steve’s first instinct had been to go and talk to her, share some of this tension. It was what friends did, after all; they’d done it after Steve had woken up from the ice, and many times afterwards. Natasha had been his first friend, she was his family, but the entire situation with Bucky still made him feel incredibly frustrated, and it had left their friendship on shaky ground.
He didn't say. His first time topping another man had been awkward as hell. He's been terrified of hurting the guy, but luckily, he'd liked Steve's size and was willing to overlook his lack of experience for the benefit of bedding ‘The Captain’. Steve on his part had just been in need of some relief. He hadn't even expected to end up in bed with anyone, but when the guy had offered it, Steve was curious, and was craving distraction to the point that he simply rolled with it.
So Steve did the only thing he could. He jumped down too and tried to lift the heavy metal structure that’d landed on top of Bucky.
The Quinjet was parked in one of Tony’s warehouses just outside Vienna. Sam drove them there in silence, and the drive, unfortunately, went by with little distractions.
The minute he had Tony back here, he was going to tell him everything, he would yell at him for disappearing just like that, hug him close, and then they would talk. All reservations aside. They would talk. Tony had to now. This constant avoidance was getting them nowhere. It had to be all or nothing. Right now. Tonight.
Tony, he did, and the fact that he wasn’t able to console him, to simply forgive him and move on, was breaking his heart whenever he so much as looked at him.
Steve glanced down to where a compression bandage was fastened around Tony’s otherwise naked torso. It had been just a graze, nothing too serious. Extremis’ healing had already kicked in, pink skin stretching over where the bullet had pierced his body. It had hit Tony right beneath his left armpit, though, and Steve couldn’t stop thinking how easily the shot could’ve hit him straight in the heart.
Steve tried to jerk his wrists out of Tony’s grip—his mind on one-track to remove his clothing—but Tony refused to release him. He could’ve broken free, of course, and easily so, but right now, he was willing to follow Tony’s lead. So he just kissed back; he kissed Tony and the earth ceased moving.
“No,” Tony said. “It’s… a bit like a migraine. It’ll pass, and we have to take care of that body first. You got it, right? The body?”
Then, they took a last detour, walking through the Centennial Park where there was a full size replica of the original Greek Parthenon. By the time they came back to the camping ground, it was already dark outside. The temperatures had dropped somewhat, and the sky was thick with stars.
. It was just this night, Tony told himself firmly. He could be good for one night, and do this Steve’s way. And then they’d be dating, and there’d be more kissing, and groping, and eventually, Steve would let himself have this.
There was a moment of quiet, before Rhodey raised his glass. “A toast, gentlemen,” he announced, giving Tony a pointed look. “To making life count.”
“I love your grey hairs and I love your wrinkles,” Steve teased and leaned in to kiss Tony’s forehead and then the laughter lines next to his eyes. “You age well and you know it.”
A wrangled gasp tore at Steve’s throat when he felt Tony’s hand encircling his wrist, pulling his fingers free. His other hand fumbled with his own pants once more and produced a row of condoms, ripping one of them open. He leaned up a bit to get a better look, then slid the condom on Steve’s cock with somewhat trembling fingers.
“I enjoyed it,” Steve replied, briefly glancing at Tony. “But my experience with places like Monte Carlo is limited. I have never been to a resort like that… as a vacationer.”
“Can’t go back to the tower,” Tony said, turning as he spoke. “I got a safehouse near DC. I’m not sure how good SHIELD’s information on my hideouts is, all things considered, we could regroup quickly and—”
“You pretty much drank yourself under the table last night,” Rhodey murmured. “I found you in some pub in Gatlinburg. It’s a miracle they had any bottles left.”
That made Steve laugh. “You? Never. Let’s go home, we’ll tuck him in together. He could use a bath today anyway.”
At some point, Steve put an end to their stumbling, and the floor beneath Tony’s feet vanished. Without warning, Steve carried him into the shower and crowded him against the cold tiles. A second later, pelts of warm water sprayed down on their very naked bodies.
“She’s linked to him,” Gamora said, sobbing as she fell down on her knees. “I didn’t know, I… I think he’s sewn parts of himself into her.”
Tony stared at the two men in front of him. “This is… the single most stupid thing anyone has ever asked of me.”
Steve nodded. He rocked him further against the headboard and slid his hand between their bodies. His fingers brushed Tony’s cock as his thrusts grew even harder.
A shadow of a smirk crossed Rumlow’s face before he turned around to the other agents. He’d never said anything about Steve being married to a guy, but Steve had heard a few things here and there and sometimes he got a feeling Rumlow was talking behind his back. Up to this point, he hadn’t felt the need to confront him about it, but if it started to undermine his authority, he would definitely need to reconsider.
Steve frowned, following them slowly. Only then, Clint’s words had registered with him. Laura wasn’t Clint’s new girlfriend, but very much his wife he’d been married to for nearly a decade.
what she was talking about. While he still wasn’t sure Vision even needed human food, he seemed to have lost some weight so that his normally snug nerd-pullovers hung off him like a sack of potatoes. He looked as if he wanted something very badly and could not get it. And Tony had a feeling he knew what it was.
“It’s not over yet, Steve,” he whispered, and then, because there was no point in holding back anything at this point, Tony closed the distance between them.
Stephen Strange and Rhodey stared helplessly at him and Tony hoped he was wearing a glowering, determined expression that would make it very clear that neither hell nor high water—and certainly no magical entity, human or sorcerer or otherwise—was going to convince him to do this.
There, they could deal with this. They’d been through worse, and something like this didn’t have the power to break what was between them. Gently, Steve cupped Tony’s cheeks again and they met in the middle.
Anger flared within Steve—and, with it, strength. He struck out with his shield, and the left side connected. Because Rumlow had already been in an unbalanced position, the force of the blow knocked him over. He stumbled backward against a car, and tumbled over it onto the ground.
“Tony.” Rhodey rubbed the bridge of his nose. “I love you like a brother, which is why we’ll go to the same college, share the same room, have the same classes, and I look forward to that, I do. But I need to do things with other people, too. It can’t always be you and I, and I think it’d actually do you good to step out of your comfort zone for once. Apart from me you have about zero friends—”
In his dreams, Tony had lived through meeting Steve again about a hundred times. Throughout the past years, he’d built a palace on dreams for them, but the real world had crashed at their doorstep.
“If that’s how it is, you’re not leaving me any other option,” Tony said. He looked at Natasha, then at Rhodey, then closed Iron Man’s helmet. He took a deep breath, and gave himself a running start before he rushed into the sky.
Something about this—and Tony blamed his exhaustion and general bad mood that he couldn’t put a finger on it—rang a bell in the back of his mind. Tony stared at the man, at his foreign face, and found he couldn’t place him at all.
His hands shot upward, gripping Tony’s shoulder and pushing him back. He tried not to be too harsh, tried to keep his movements gentle, but he needed to get Tony off him or this would end very badly.
"Do you mind?" Steve asked when it became clear he wasn't going to avert his gaze. It was awkward enough as is, but Vision's face broke into a small smile, giving Steve a feeling he'd done all of that on purpose to make them squirm. He would have to have words with him, later, about respect of others' privacy.
By now, Steve had learned to stop asking questions. He knew it might disturb the timeline, so he accepted that all of them, Tony included, were trying to be as tight-lipped as they could.
Steve was keenly aware of Tony’s eyes on him as he walked around and took everything in. The lightness in his eyes was back, but it seemed fragile at best.
Didn’t mean he wasn’t still mad, wasn’t still furious. But in times like these, Steve had learned to cling to the good things, as few or rare as they were.
Tony paused, frowning at the question. He hadn’t really expected having to explain his motivations, but... He
, he reminded himself. Swallowing painfully, he clenched his fists and looked back at Tony, still lying motionless on the bed. God… He could've really hurt him, had been ready to…
The sounds were truly horrifying. Howard’s choking, Maria’s whimpers and cries, the sound of bones cracking. ‘
His words had clearly surprised Rhodey. He hesitated a moment before answering him, weighing his words carefully.
The steps of the stairway creaked beneath Steve’s boots, softly but loudly enough to announce his descent. Tony looked up from his place at one of the workbenches, smiling at him warmly.
“It was the Time Stone,” a voice said and Tony startled when he realized the Sorcerer Supreme was already standing right next to him.
Tony smiled but didn’t reply. He pressed a kiss at Steve’s temple before sliding his hands under his camisole.
“Well, yeah? We invited, what, over a hundred people? I’m assuming when Tony said ‘revels’ he meant some ‘real badass revels’. Also, not that I don’t like the cozy look of our living room, but there’s not much fun aside the telly, and I assume we, except maybe Cap, don’t wanna watch Golden Girls all night—”
That had the man smile somewhat. “Well… someone once told me that it’s good to have a countercheck-system. And in my book, that
Steve paused for a moment to catch his breath, then stood up and said, “Still more impressive than you, pencil pusher.”
Decision making from that point was fast paced. Steve spared himself little room for thinking about anything beyond fighting his way across the Lemurian. He rushed up to the top deck, swinging his shield and simultaneously bringing three men down. The place crawled with all sorts of personnel, most of them were Batroc’s men, but a few were obviously just in it for the money. There wasn’t enough time to make ample selection, though, and Steve figured, in the grand scheme of things, they all deserved at least some headache in the morning. They all, while not fully behind Batroc’s cause, were loyal to the innate chaos the Lemurian Star represented.
, but you would have if I hadn’t been there! Besides, letting someone beat you until you can’t defend yourself anymore isn’t exactly making me feel better.”
“Worked with him,” Steve echoed, ignoring Clint and taking a step in Natasha’s direction instead. “I don’t understand how this is relevant.”
Tony shuffled a little closer, and one of Steve’s hands trailed up his inner thighs, brushing lightly against his cock. Tony’s low rumbles of pleasure went right through him and Steve could sense the shift of in the air.
Doing this with Tony’s wings still spread wide behind him gave all of this a very surreal feeling. After all, he was going to sleep with an actual angel. And yet, having Tony stare at him in the way he did, hearing his soft gasps and feeling his hand gripping Steve’s free one—made this the most intimate moment of Steve’s entire life.
“Tony,” Steve moaned, before his mouth travelled to Tony’s again, swallowing him in a kiss once more. And, Tony thought idly, whatever personal hell he would put himself through in the days to come… this was worth it.
“No,” he said eventually. “It’s just… I, uh, didn’t sleep much today. Must have passed out from exhaustion, I suppose.”
Half an hour later, Steve still paced the length of Sam’s patio. He needed space, and time to think, and wade through the mess of memories in his head. He felt almost dizzy with shock. He wouldn’t have believed it had it not been for Bucky’s dog tags. So many things had faded from his memories over time… had been forcibly pushed away because they were painful. Odd that a piece of steel could bring all of it back in an instant. Could bring it back with such clarity. His mind recalled the day in Italy, the moment when he’d failed Bucky and had to watch him fall down into the endless ice. His hand on Bucky’s shoulder… the way he’d looked at him, trusting Steve to get him back into the train… the despair in his eyes when he fell.
“Thaddeus,” Phil exclaimed. Everyone fell quiet as he walked up to their guest, shaking his hand with an easy-going smile.
Bucky was bruised and bleeding as he stared at the unconscious figures in front of him, his eyes nearly filled with more shock than pain. The metal arm lay on the floor next to him, completely broken.
“They were having sex,” Natasha said with a shrug, eyes dropping to examine an article in her magazine. “It’s pretty obvious.”
“That’s one interpretation,” Tony said, forcing a quick smile to his lips. He got up again to pour himself a cup of coffee. “A few people in Washington were acting strangely whenever I talked to them. They kept rambling about how they didn’t want to talk about Bucky’s trial before some ‘papers’ were finished. So I got curious and went looking. That’s what Fury was talking about yesterday.”
“It was worth it,” Tony said. Steve didn’t need to ask what he meant, but Tony told him anyway. “The pain after Sokovia, after Siberia… it was worth all of it. The arc reactor, finding out about Bucky, losing you over him… all of it. Got no regrets.” He bit his lip, then laughed, a sort of wheezing sound, and shook his head. “Well, we both know that’s a lie. But I’ll never regret
“It doesn’t mean I have to work with you,” Barnes said without so much as glancing up at him. “Go on missions, take orders?”
Tony tried for a smile as he took a step forward. Steve stood solemnly, watching Tony with hooded eyes. “So, are you really tired, or did you want to… spend more time together? I mean, if it’s not a good time, we can set up another date…”
was new as well. “Someone might think it’s a little strange how much attention you pay to my eating habits.”
Steve looked taken aback, but he finally met Tony’s gaze. “No. We get along fine,” he said, sounding very serious. “I’m sorry, I’m just trying not to mess anything up by saying something wrong. Or looking at someone the wrong way.”
Sharon reached out for Steve’s hand briefly and then she was gone, Tony’s hold of his waist unwavering.
When Tony opened his eyes, Steve didn’t touch him again, but Tony could see that he wanted to; his hand hovered over his face for an instant before it was withdrawn, then came to rest on his own lap. “Hey… you alright?”
The initial idea had been to drink until he didn't care, and then go home. Tony came over before he managed to achieve either feat, but maybe alcohol wouldn't have solved the problem for him in the first place. Something to think about when he was sober, he thought, a slightly goofy smile flitting on his face before he reined it into a more serious expression.
He had to stop for a second when he spotted Steve sitting on the edge of the bed, gently swaying the tiny baby from side to side, humming what sounded like a lullaby. The melody seemed old.
The shallow tease had been growing progressively more pleasant, as Steve relaxed into the motion of it. He felt wet inside, and invaded, but in a way that complemented the heat surging through him. Tony was jerking him off all that while, distracting, but also giving the whole experience an erotic undercurrent.
“Of course not. It might take him a while, but everything’s forgivable. Even for a criminal centenarian.”
When they made their way back to the camp, it was already dark. The sky was rolling with wavering, quivering clouds, and in the distance, a thunderstorm was roaring.
Tony was just entering the entrance hall, with Rhodey and Pepper following him. Their expressions were tense, and their voices easily carried over the music in the other room.
Steve considered refusing, briefly, to encourage Tony to get brushed up and ready, but eventually there was no denying that bed-head and sleepy eyes. He sat down on the edge of the bed and leaned down. "The things I put up with," he muttered, though he was smiling. "Billionaire's morning breath." And before Tony could say anything to that, he pressed their lips together, giving him a thorough kiss.
“Like this?” Tony replied on a loud gasp, his hand pumping their hard lengths faster, just in time with the heavy breaths rolling through his chest.
The dreams continued like that for days. He lived his life, travelling from one USO show to another, giving interviews, shooting promotional photos, knowing Tony waited for him at night. Sometimes they spoke, sometimes they sat, divided by an awkward silence.
