He groans and straddles his lap.
Sherlock frowns a bit. "He's my brother."
What you want with my body." She sings and rubs her hands over her body mesmerizingly.
'Okay.' She nods and kisses his hand.
“I’m sure. It’ll be okay.”
He smiles. "Mm, brilliant.."
Kia smiles. “I want to be good. They’re happy too.” She looks at Sherlock’s belly before sitting his John tells her.
He groans as he watches her. "God, you're so fucking sexy."
"What do you want?" Eli hums as he heads to the kitchen.
She whines and ruts against him shamelessly.
He breathes a bit heavily, nodding.
“I’ll make sure she’s stretched nice and wide. If you see anyone else send them this way and we’ll fill her some more. You know how cranky she gets when she doesn’t have enough cum. God only knows how many loads she has in her right now.” He chuckles.
"Brilliant."
“I.. I don’t really have to much experience. A lot of people when they see my cock.. They just take off. It’s to much to deal with.”
“Yeah?” He smiles up at him.
He closes his eyes and whimpers.
"Well." Turk hums. "You guys are all in excellent shape."
Cecil chuckles breathlessly.
“Of course. We have a big family.” She smiles and straddles his lap.
Collin smiles and takes a few more.
"Love.." Greg mumbles, pressing up closer.
But they said it really loud
He kisses and sucks at his neck.
Sherlock hums and goes to his experiment.
Camille walks up to Mycroft and can sees that he is upset. “My dear boy,” She says softly, taking his hand. “What has happened?”
“You couldn’t have known, Sky. It’s not like I could’ve told you either. I’m just lucky I got through to your sister when I did.”
Mycroft blushes. **Yes. He is. --MH**
Sherlock nodded, taking the granddaughter's hand.
She kisses him back, pressing against him.
"Sir told me to gather everyone that I want to fuck me."
"I'll always stay with you if you let me." He kisses his jaw.
“I want your right hand on your stomach as you stroke yourself. I want you to feel what our mating did. The three little lives we made together inside you.” Sherlock closes his eyes as he strokes himself.
She blushes and nods. “If I push it all the way they’ll just slip out cause I’m so stretched.” She blushes and licks her lips.
Sherlock hums happily, starting to eat.
They order some cake.
It's almost been six months here. Just another week, and I can start saying "I'll see you in two months." Then that will change to weeks, then days. I can't wait. I honestly cannot wait. Home, good food, good people, and Greg and Molly to congratulate in person. (Did you know they've been writing to me as well? I didn't have anyone writing to me last time.)
“Mm those tight pants you have, the ones with the brass buttons down the legs. They’ll sit perfectly under your belly and show it off. No hiding it.” He smirks.
He whimpers and strokes his cock slowly as he watches.
He chuckles breathily, gripping her hips and slamming into her, his cock popping past her cervix.
He smirks and licks Turk up, carrying him to sky.
Sherlock shakes his head. “Just stay here.” He whispers.
“Now that’s flying with style.” Greg chuckles.
"It's fine. I'll make some calls later."
John blushes and moans as they start to fuck him hard, his cock swinging heavily under him.
Mycroft smiles and kisses his head softly.
George smirks. "Mm, look at you.."
She smiles. "Thank you. I'm glad Sherlock is alright."
Jared makes impatient huffing noises and kicks his feet. “Give your old man a minute.” John chuckles and comes over with the bottle.
She lets go of his wrists and moves off him.
‘Ask Danny where he’d like to go first.’
Sherlock can sense John is struggling. “Will you just hold me for a while? Please?” he asks softly, wanting to give John some time to relax but also time for him to soak up being with John.
“I love you, too.” John smiles and comes back with a box.
"And if you have a minute why don't we go
He snores quietly as he gets much needed rest.
Sherlock grits his teeth and clenches his fists as he walks briskly toward his destination. “Worthless git..”
The thought made tingles shoot up Myc's spine. "Yours." He murmured.
He hums and nods.
"Would you still like that, Sherlock?" He moves to kiss him.
"I know. You're right." They get into the car and Greg closes the door. He rests his head against Mycroft shoulder.
Sherlock kissed him.
He leans in to kiss him deeply. “I’ll take care of you.”
Sherlock whimpers at the pet name and doubles his efforts.
Mycroft’s phone vibrates, Anthea calling.
He nips at her neck, taking his pants off. "Spread your legs, love."
She moans loudly and comes hard around him.
"Yeah. Had a row with Viper last night." She sighs.
“No? What do you mean no?” Greg asks, preparing to leave.
He groans and holds his hair.
John gets up and opens the second window before sitting on Sherlock's lap. It's a tight squeeze, two full-grown men, but they make it work with only a minimal amount of spilled tea.
He hums and kisses his neck.
John groans and looks down at him, stroking himself harder.
Mycroft pushes into John slowly as he bites at his throat.
“My? You alright?” Greg frowns when he sees Mycroft pale.
“Of course. We’ll never push you to do anything you don’t want.” Sherlock says softly.
Sherlock kisses him deeply.
“I’ll ask. They’re just protective of me.” Sherlock smiles.
"Mm.."
Rosie tells him everything, all about their shopping and nails and dinner.
Diōnē holds her arms out for a hug. “Do you mind finding Pythia for me? I wish to speak with her.” She explains.
He whimpers, starting to submit to him.
He smirks, pulling his fingers out and snapping his hips.
Sherlock goes to find Mycroft and Greg.
He gasps and mewls, arching.
He blushes and nods. "Okay.."
Sherlock moans and rocks against him as he feels Mycroft fill him.
Sherlock gasps and whimpers as Steve fills him, holding onto him.
Mycroft is doing laps in the pool as Sherlock sunbathes in a raft.
Sherlock moans and relaxes back against another Goddess. “Your pretty.” He says to them.
“Oh yeah?” He smiles softly. “Tell me about you. Your partners.”
He gasps a bit and mewls.
"Mm, but you know I love to be loud."
“Lay back. Don’t move. You’ll only hurt yourself worse.”
Greg frowns as the vampires stop staring at at him but shrugs when he realises he’s invisible. He smiles and runs out of the building and heads home.
Sherlock is looking out the window, watching the passers by. “She wrote her number on the receipt.”
She blushes and smiles. “Who’s seeking first?”
Sherlock whimpers and lets John help.
She whimpers and wraps her arms around him. "I'm sorry, Michael. I'm so sorry. I won't let myself be taken from you. I promise."
“Yeah yeah. I know you’re watching.” Greg chuckles, knowing how the CCTV cameras follow him.
Sam smiles, chuckling a bit. “Where are you going in such a hurry?”
When they arrive back at Baker Street he notices things have been moved and touched, no doubt the flat and whole building having been swept through multiple times by Mycroft’s agents if not Mycroft himself.
She moans, loving being taken by both of them.
Sherlock tugs at John’s jumper. “I want to see you.”
He chuckles and rocks up against her.
“Can I pet them?”
“Mm. You feel so nice..”
He sips it and hums softly. "Perfect." He smiles.
**Yeah, he picked out some shirts for me.--Zack**
He rocks his hips up against her. "Get Daddy's cock out and get it nice and wet for your cunt."
John hums happily as he sits between James and Lydia.
“I don’t think so.”
“It’s okay. I’m here. You’re safe. Just breathe and relax.” John says softly, taking Greg’s vitals.
He relaxes against her.
"Yes, it would seem so."
She smiles and relaxes against him.
“You better be right John, or we’ll both be beheaded.” Sherlock whispers, knowing the driver was listening into everything they were saying. “It’ll probably end up with just the two of you in the room when you open the case, in case it’s boobytrapped. Do as he says, don’t agree to anything until I’m back in the room.” He states.
He smiles softly and carries her to bed.
He moans as he pushes in all the way.
John grins and swims after him.
"You can.. I'd do anything for you, Michael. Anything." She wraps her arms around his waist and presses her face to his back.
Cecil hums and rubs Violet's hips.
John hums and nods. “Why is that?”
He nods and takes a breath.
Crystal smiles softly, lulling into a soft sleep.
“Hey hey. It’s okay. You don’t have to be upset. How about we go talk to Sky and see what we can do? If she can get the babies out of you do you want to keep them? Or would you rather not?” He gently wipes his tears.
"Mm?"
He kisses him back desperately.
He blushed and smiles. "Missed you too.."
"Take me to the loo and fuck me.."
She moans breathily and grinds down against his cock. “Daddy..” She whines.
Cecil blushes and moans as they're caught, rocking back against George. "Don't stop, George. Please." He begs, already hard again.
Mycroft hums, “anything you want, beautiful.” He gets comfy on his back and opens his hands out wide. “Do anything that comes to mind.” He beams.
She whimpers softly and kisses him back.
He moans as he slides his tongue into her, licking up their cum.
Greg gasps and sighs.
"What happened?"
He blushes at the praise and lays on the bed, his legs falling apart.
The leader slowly walks over, sniffing over Dark’s neck and face. He huffs softly and sits in front of him, accepting him.
He smiles softly.
“Shock, you’re going into shock. Let me go get a blanket…”
“I love you.” Greg smiles.
“Can we go down to the cafe in the lobby?”
He moans loudly and arches up.
“Oh that’s cute.” Todd smiles and John nods. “He’s such a good sharer.” Calvin smiles, fixing Charlotte’s tutu.
He frowns. 'Sky..'
He whimpers. "Sky.."
‘We had a female who would be our breeder. My kind is mostly made up of males. A female is rare, so they are used to expand our family.’
Mycroft unconsciously grips Greg's hips, dragging him down in response to his hips thrusting upwards. "Greg-oryYYY!" He grunts, over and over. "Fuck, darling.... YES!"
"Well that certainly make more sense." Greg opens his eyes and pets Maximus. He giggles as Maximus licks his face.
He whimpers a bit and presses close to her.
Sky moans loudly as he fills her womb with more cum.
“I’d love to see his dominant side.”
"You can spread out across our laps." Greg muses.
'I think you're pregnant.' He hums with a smile.
Sherlock goes to where Mycroft and Greg are.
She hums and smiles happily.
“Let’s go to that, then.”
“Can’t get enough, can you? Such a cock slut.” They come into her again and again.
“You told me to go!” Sherlock feels like he’s having a psychotic break.
He’s out mowing the lawn so he doesn’t hear her come out.
Harry's eyes widen. "He's deaf? I'M GOING TO KILL YOU!" She shouts and lunges at Sherlock. Harry knocks John off balance and Lydia and Anthea catch him before he falls.  Greg grabs her by the waist and holds her over his shoulder. He walks away as she pounds on his back.
He blushes. "Really?"
He moans loudly, wrists flexing against the ties.
He thrusts harder. "So fucking wet for me."
He chuckles softly.
The bouncer lets them in for free since they’re friends with Collin.
John holds Sherlock as Mycroft pushes a plug into him.
He growls, fucking her faster. “Your cunt is going to be so fucking sloppy by the time I’m done with you. You’ll be able to take a fist without a problem. All the way up to my elbow. I’m going to fuck you again and again until I’m sure I’ve knocked you up. You’re gonna be my pretty little whore, aren’t you?”
He smirks, cock leaking heavily inside her. “That sounds like a great idea.”
“Okay.” Kia grins.
Sherlock whimpers and moans loudly. "C-Cock ring, please!" He whines as he tries to hold back his orgasm.
She gives a small nod, little arms wrapping around his neck to keep her upright. "Will you tell daddy you want to see me? He doesn't listen to me. This is the first time he's let me see you and I've asked loads."
Leona nods. “I’m sorry Dom.” She says softly, kissing his cheek.
He relaxes against her, snoring softly.
"You don't need to feel guilty about anything, Myc."
"I'm fine!" Greg says but sneezes again. "Oh I even heard that over the phone. I'll be over in a bit. I presume you've sent a ride?" John asks.
“Sherlock is the one that suggested it. A surprise for Maggie’s birthday. Sherlock is going to talk to John.” Crystal smiles, pressing close.
Mycroft moans loudly and comes hard into Sherlock, clenching around Matthew.
He rubs his back, kissing his head.
"What do you need?" John whispers against his lips.
He smiles and sits up to stretch.
"That trunk is full of weapons. Guns mostly. I can smell the gun oil." Sherlock says as Sky stands next to the trunk. "The thing is we're all going to be armed to the teeth today." Sky smirks as she starts unlocking the trunk. "What? Why? You're expecting danger?" Greg frowns. "Oh god no. Not danger to us anyway. It more like everyone else will be armed and we'll be the odd ones if we're not. If you forget your gun it's like you've forgotten your wallet. You may not use it but you always have it on you." She hums as she starts the combination tumblers.
John looks worriedly at Sherlock and then submerges himself into Doctor mode. He cuts Crows shirt so he can stitch up her side where a bullet grazed her. "You need to stop using yourself as a human shield." John says. "Where do you think I learned it from?" Crow hisses and looks at his shoulder. John sighs and stitches her. "Can one of you three hand out some pain killers?" John calls out to Sherlock, Greg, and Mycroft.
“She’s right with that. We’ve got plenty doctors and healers at the estate.”
Mycroft groans as he pulls out of her.
He hums and presses a kiss to Collin's chest, still half asleep.
"I asked Chloe to marry me."
“This is a public place Doctor Watson. This is one and final warning. Heed it.” The man leaves, with barely a brush to the curtains.
He chuckles and shakes his head. "I've had to skydive out of a jet in the middle of sex one time."
"Oh hold the bag before your inflated head gets in the way." She giggles and smiles.
He moans and licks up his come.
“Mm. I’m glad you like it.” He smiles.
She blushes and whimpers softly, trying to relax.
Greg moans loudly as he comes.
Mycroft smiles and hums softly. "Absolutely brilliant."
Dominic smiles and moans softly. “I’m glad I know my place.”
Amelia hums and smiles.
He blushes as he follows her, still feeling needy and submissive.
He blushes and nods. "God yes."
“Good girl.” Crystal giggles. “Good girl. Taking this so well.” She pushes her fingers down Maggie’s throat, waiting to see what she would do.
“That’s right. Mine.” He starts to thrust faster.
"Finally." Hank says, placing a hand over hers, "After so long."
"*Sherlock*..." John snorted.
“Mm movie. You pick.” Sherlock hands him the remote.
“Okay!” Nina smiles and perks up. “Like what?”
Sherlock kisses him back eagerly. “Your good boy, Daddy.”
Sherlock smiles softly and gently runs his fingers through John’s hair.
He blushes a bit, biting his lip.
She pulls him up and kisses him hard.
"Of course, Mycroft." Anthea smiles softly and hangs up. John texts Mycroft. **Did you catch Greg?--JW**
Taking a deep breath, John follows him. Even though he knows what's likely to be said, he still prefers it over going home to that dreadful flat to be all alone. He gets in the passenger side and does up his seat belt.
Mycroft shakes his head. “Just Anth.” He whispers. “What about you? Any children or relatives of children?” He asks.
“Hello, love.” Mycroft smiles and pulls Greg into his arms, having ducked into the bathroom to clean himself up first.
"Mm exactly. You're so smart." She kisses him.
“Mm that’s right.” He smirks.
Greg whimpers and nods, blushing as he crawls over to the men with Sherlock and Mycroft.
He groans as he finishes filling her.
Sherlock shakes his head. “She goes back to John tonight.”
'Yeah..' She smiles shyly.
John blushes brighter, feeling a bit jealous that Cynthia gets to get fucked by Bryan.
"Of course, love." He nods and sends off a texts to Sherlock. He cuddles with Mycroft before leaving when Sherlock and Collin come in to cuddle with him. Sky sighs softly, getting dressed as Turk comes in.
“I-I don’t know what he wants. That’s the scary part.” Sherlock whispers. He hates not knowing.
Sherlock relaxes against John more with a hum.
Greg comes with a cry, filling her with his seed, as he grips onto her hips tightly.
He frowns. "Should I get sky?"
"You make me so hard." He moans and bites his throat as he strokes his cock.
"Harry has been trying to get a hold of John for a few days. He doesn't want to be projected on again." Greg signs and says aloud.
Sky mumbles softly as she feels his weight shift against her.
He shifts a bit, trying to hide his panic and glances to Mycroft.
"N-No, Sir!"
Sherlock sips the tea again. "You make good tea."
“How about I get us a round of shots and then we’ll work on catching up?” He chuckles.
Greg smiles softly and washes Sherlock's hair. He knows Sherlock loves having his scalp touched and his hair played with.
Sherlock nods as he watches John and Greg and Margaret chatting.
He holds him close as the ride to the club.
He smiles and nuzzles him back.
She wraps his arms around her, relaxing happily.
He cracks his back. “Mm. I’ll run.”
He whimpers at the emptiness. "Please, Bryan. I need you. Need your huge cock in my tight arse."
"Oh, for God's sake." John made a face. "So... What do we do?"
Michael cries out as he comes hard.
“If you children would finish.” Camille frowns as she stands in the doorway.
Sherlock nods and calls his brother.
Sherlock whimpers and bucks into Greg's hand. "Christ.. I want that mouth on me.. Please.."
Mycroft hums and deepens the kiss.
“You are so very brave, my child. Everything will be back to how it should be soon. I hear from Theadora that the human, Johnathon, is progressing well with his training.” Camille explains through Sherlock. “How has Augustus and Alderose been at leading you?” They ask.
Mel blushes and cuddles into him the best she can. “Cuddle?” She looks to John and blushes when she sees how hard he is from watching Eli fuck her. “Or will you fuck me?”
He frowns. "Physically, he's going to be fine."
He whimpers and he lets himself be led to the bed.
She giggles as she looks down at her legs. “Drove men mad.”
“H-hello?” Mel answers the phone, sounding scared.
He blushes brightly, his cock twitching.
He slowly pulls off of him, kissing the tip as he does.
He hums softly as he falls asleep.
She smiles softly and makes room for him. Darius turns as well, moving to lay behind her.
He hums softly and eats.
He smiles softly as he follows him.
"It's your dream, handsome. Whatever you want." She kisses his back as she fucks him.
Mycroft hums and nods. “I..” He thinks. “You might be onto something there, John..”
“Mm, so not much has changed huh?”
“No wonder you’re so full of cum. Always so honey for more after you fuck.”
Morna hums happily and kisses Sherlock back.
“They’ll be okay. You know John will make sure of it.”
He puts his hand on Sky's knee.
Sherlock presses his forehead to Greg's back, holding back his tears.
He hums and smiles. “Maybe we can take a break after everyone’s had their kids.”
‘Oh they’re more than entertained by the pups right now.’ She licks at his mouth.
“Hopefully she’s not a psychopath..” Sherlock mumbles as he falls asleep.
Margaret kisses Johns back and holds his hips, slowly starting to rock in and out of him.
Violet smiles. “Oh, you gave us the deluxe room.”
He holds his hips and rocks into him slowly.
She moans and opens her mouth as he slaps her with his cock, pushing two finger inside of her cunt. "Can't help it.. it's what I was made for. Made to take cock."
“You speak as if the castle is alive, and speaking with you.” John frowns, he taps out, ‘is she hearing things?’ In Morse Code on Sherlock’s leg.
He smiles. "Of course. I've just got to buy a ring."
‘Sure you don’t want company? I can send someone in.’
She nods and blushes, smiling.
“Needy boy.”
“Come. Come and I’ll fill your cunt to the brim.” He rubs her clit and fucks her harder.
“You look so good, baby.”
Jean whimpers as his body reacts to the light touches.
“Need me back inside you?” He teasingly rubs his cock against her cunt.
He smiles and nods. “Alright.”
"Morning, Daddy." Mycroft hums.
He groans and nips at her lips, rocking up against her.
"Mm I'll just have to make it up to you now and ask again later.." He smirks.
He chuckles. “Yeah. They’re all back at the estate.”
"Mm then fuck my face." He smirks and relaxes his throat, taking Sherlock in as far as he can.
Sky smiles a bit and looks out the window, watching the snow fall. "Mm it looks like you boys are in for a snowy wedding."
Sherlock collapses against John with a sigh. “T- take away.” He breaths, knowing that he shouldn’t be seeing Camille in her weakened state.
“It’s up to you what we tell them. We can tell them as much or as little as you want.”
He thrusts roughly into her, pressing deeper.
He smiles. "I'll be back."
“Mm a lot of sitting apparently.” John hums. “How long till you start bouncing off the walls?”
"What about Greg and your brother? They'll hear you as I make you cry out with pleasure. Is that what you want? Do you want everyone to hear how good I make you feel?" John barely palms over Sherlock's tented erection, teasing him.
Mycroft nuzzles Sherlock as he wakes.
Sky moans and let's Michael pull her closer. She holds his hair as she sits on his face.
She pants and nods.
“I.. I barely remember them..” Mycroft says softly.
He hums and kisses her back before getting up to get dressed.
“Oh yeah? And whose your daddy?” Mycroft asks.
"But you couldn't." She smiles sadly. "It's okay. I think Cara and I are going to get some sleep now.."
She whines and slides down onto his cock.
"We should play."
He kisses him back desperately.
He smiles and nuzzles her.
He whimpers softly and nods, pulling John closer.
"No what, Mikey?" He chuckles softly and nuzzles him.
“If you want to be just mates that’s fine. I’d rather have you as a friend than not at all. But I will admit that I was hoping this could be a date. The first of many dates actually.” Greg says softly.
"You're so good, baby. So good.." She gasps and cries out as she comes hard suddenly, squirting in her face.
He grips her hair and pushes down into her mouth.
Sherlock falls asleep between them.
“Yeah, they said they’d love to meet us there.”
‘He’s funny.’ She smiles, talking to the older polar bear.
Molly chuckles softly. "Don't let her bully you." She says to the nurse, smiling, as she gets into bed. She lays down with a sigh.
John takes the ring, holding it for a second before putting it on. He hums softly, not admitting out loud how right it felt on his finger.
Mycroft mumbles as he wakes against Greg.
Sherlock purrs under the attention.
Sherlock nods. “You know when it’s so hot out and you’ve been outside for a long time and your so thirsty and you finally finally get a drink of crips clear water? That’s exactly how your blood is to me every time.”
John sees a small group of people, looks like parents and their adult son. He sighs softly and walks over to them. “I think you all are waiting for me. I’m Dr. John Watson.”
Sky pants and rocks back against him, feeling his cock stab at her cunt. ‘Ever since you met your first litter you’ve been trying to pump another into me.’
He blushes a bit and smiles.
“That was brief.”
He chuckles and hums.
He blushes a bit and smiles softly.
"Mm look how hard I make you." He growls and strokes his cock teasingly.  "You want to come so badly don't you." He hums and rubs his hand over his bullocks. "So full and heavy with your cum. Tell me how badly you need to come."
“Yeah i was thinking the same.” John nods and sips his tea, leaning into Sherlock. “I don’t think they’d just have records sitting out though.” He hums.
Zack holds her close as they watch.
Benny moans and comes hard into him.
"How'd it go?" Bryan smiles at John as he comes out.
“I didn’t tell him and I’m not going to. Call Crystal back and tell her she’s not to contact him under any circumstances.” John frowns.
“Well not really. You didn’t tell me you were Diōnē sister or that you were immortal in this way.” Mycroft frowns.
“Oh I know”. Maggie giggles. “But my way you don’t even need toys.”
'I know. I also know that your a doctor and not a miracle worker. You are human. So beautifully wonderfully human.' She kisses his neck.
He nods. “I know..”
“Because I thought it’s what you wanted. This is what you told me you wanted. You wanted safe and normal and ordinary so I did that or the best version of it I could. I.. I don’t know what it means..” Sherlock stands, pacing a bit.
“Like that?” He mumbles as he pulls off his nipple.
“Yes.” They growl, starting to speed up their thrusts.
"Mm, I love you."
He marks her as he comes hard into her again, still thrusting. “Such a lovey cunt for Daddy..”
He melts under them.
"You have nice lips." He smiles shyly.
“They’re so big!” Danny grins.
“Mm yeah..” he kisses his forehead.
“Can Gladstone have a bath too?” Percy called out.
Sherlock smiles and admires Greg's body.
"God, look at you, just like a little cow." Turk smirks, thrusting harder.
She kisses him back and watches him go. “I want your most trusted people guarding Jennifer’s door.” Sky says to Dark.
Sherlock takes a shaky breath. “I nicked John’s neck, with my fangs. He got into... that state. I didn’t mean to and I didn’t drink any of his blood. What...” Sherlock sighs, “what does that mean between us both?” He asks.
He blushes and looks up at him.
“Really really.” Sky smiles.
John turns his chair so he’s facing Sherlock and holds onto his knees. “Ever since that wink at Barts, I have loved you. Half the time I wondered if I was living with an alien, but that wouldn’t have made me love you any less. Because I love you.” John says, tapping Sherlock’s chest. “Not your fangs.”
“Then if she’s so brilliant just talk to her. I’m sure she’s upset that she’s upset you.”
He moans and kisses him back deeply.
He holds onto her hips, burying his face.
He stiffens when he realizes how ridiculous he's being and frowns. "I.." He shakes his head, assuming his usual expressionless persona that he hadn't had in a while. "It's nothing. Never mind."
He groans and pushes in deeper, leaning down to kiss her hard. “You’re so fucking tight and wet.”
"Jake was going to pick something out for me."
"I love you, too." He kisses him back.
“I won’t scare you. I promise.” Lydia smiles.
Sherlock perks up. "Pancakes?"
"Mm you just want to watch my body as I fuck myself on your cock, don't you?" She smirks, riding him expertly.
He whines and rocks his hips. "You.. Need you.."
Sherlock smiles and brings the tin of cookies to John.
He bites his lip. "Different. Are you sure it looks okay? I'm flat?"
He kisses his chest.
"We need to.."
‘So..’
"Such a good girl."
"You make me feel so good, Daddy.."
He nods. “I’m glad it worked with you, at least..”
He smiles and moves to sit next to him, relaxing.
Sherlock leapt back, his cheeks pink. Marianne just laughed.
Michael soon falls asleep.
Greg holds him around the waist. He picks Mycroft up and spins them around giggling like mad.
Violet gasps and cries out at the stretch as she holds onto the sink tightly. "$35 for some of the best pussy your cock is ever going to get. It's a fucking steal." She purrs and rocks back against him, knowing if she eggs him on he'll fuck get mercilessly.
"Do you want to go lie down, love? Or do you want to stay on the couch?"
Greg, Sherlock, and John help her down, untying her and laying on her the bed. “Sleep, we’ll have some fun. I know Crystal is gagging for more babies.”
She slowly pulls off her panties and kisses her cunt.
He slicks his fingers, stroking his cock teasingly.
“Nothing of the sort, I assure you. All I want is to make a deal with you.” The man in the three piece suit says.
John combs his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "Sherlock, listen to me." He murmurs. "Did you understand what I said?"
He frowned. "I thought he wanted you for himself?"
“Such a good boy. Taking my big cock so nicely. You wanted it so badly, didn’t you? You couldn’t take it not being inside you even for that second, could you?” Duke groans, stroking Greg as he rubs his prostate.
Mycroft looks back to the phone. "Greg.. Just.. Please.. Don't be cocky.."
"I'm asking to help me understand, Sherlock. God I hate being in the dark like this. If you ever want me to understand how you feel about this then you have to tell me. I'll wait until you feel comfortable enough to help me understand." John gets up and takes the empty tray and dirty dishes to the kitchen.
"Do I look stupid to you?" Sherlock huffed.
He blushes and holds onto him.
He moans and licks him clean.
"We can keep walking, if you like?" Mycroft bit his lip.
She moans breathily as he fills her.
He kisses him back desperately, rocking back against him.
She submits, letting him use her how he wants.
“Mm you say that as if most of those things aren’t already true.” John chuckles softly.
He blushes. “I think I should be good to go there with you now.”
"Desert?" He smirks.
He whimpers as he feels Sherlock fill him.
Greg frowns. Standing up from the wall he crosses his arms.
"Not especially," Hank says with a frown. "The best we can come up with is relatively they're of the same age. Usually within five years of each other."
He cries out and comes hard.
He kisses his head and eases a plug into him.
"You're so fucking brilliant. I love you. I love you so so much." She nips at his lip as Jean pounds into him harder and deeper getting lost in Michael's tight slick arse.
Greg smiles softly. "You both look way to happy. Did you make him cry?" John signs tiredly. "Maybe just a little." Lydia signs and giggles quietly.
Sherlock hums as he finds John and Mycroft in the study.
She hums softly and looks to Dark who’s curls up around his litter asleep.
John hums. “If you’re certain.”
“Mm. I was about to go find some cock for myself but I can have Turk take you out to the barn.”
"I know. I love feeling you fill me up so much."
“Better. The morning sickness is nearly gone.”
Violet sighs and rubs her face. "What was the main thing she was yelling about?"
He presses soft kisses over his body as he pulls out of him gently.
Michael frowns and wraps his arms around her, pulling her close.
“What?” John looks at his face and stills before blinking repeated. “You’ve got to be shitting me.” He mumbles. “Oi. Are you pranking me?” He asks, seeing the fangs. “Always having a laugh at poor old John’s expense.” He frowns and pulls on the fang, thinking it’s one of those Halloween fakes that go with a costume. “Ouch.” He frowns as the sharp fang nicks his finger, drawing blood.
George bites his neck as he comes hard into him.
She shakes her head. "No no it's fine. You've both helped me so much already."
Mycroft hums. "Slow."
“That’s hot.” Carol licks her lips as she watches him.
He pulls away slightly. "Let's get you a suit."
Mycroft closes the bedroom door and pushes Sherlock back against it. "Mm maybe I should fucking you right against this door." He growls and bites at his throat as he grind against him.
Sky is bent over the tub feeling the water.
Greg had gone back to the kitchen and was baking up a storm.
She hums and presses back against him.
She rides him slowly, kissing and sucking on his neck.
He blushes and nods.
He smiles softly.
He smiles softly and nods, relaxing against his chest as the movie starts.
He moans loudly as he comes hard into her.
He smiles a bit and rubs his hand. 'Okay.. And you know that Sky can't have kids. I.. I offered to have them.'
He groans, tipping his head back. “Yes.. please.”
She relaxes and presses her face to his good shoulder. "Thank you.."
He whimpers and arches under him.
He smiles against his lips and kisses him back.
Sherlock smiles up at him, a blush over his cheeks at being manhandled. “You can grind against me if you need to. I won’t stop you.” He rubs his hands over John’s thighs.
"I can make you your favorite cinnamon toast and honey tea. We can have Mycroft talk to her."
'Yeah.. They're letting me eat.'
He blushes brightly, a bit embarrassed for coming so fast.
“You’re John’s breath. His air.” Kia giggles. “I’ll help them. I promise.” She nods.
Greg moans and comes deep inside her, moaning her name into her neck. He slowly pulls out and collapses on the bed beside her, panting heavily.
"That he does," John said, then looked up over his paper as Sherlock drifted into the lounge. He watched his mate stare at the mantle, at a stack of letters from would-be clients, then as his eyes drifted to the violin.
"You are just to cute my heart can't take it.." He kisses Sherlock's cheek and sits his plate of cinnamon toast next to him.
He hums softly and kisses his cheek.
"You never told me that."
John gets up and takes the bucket to the bathroom. He cleans it out and brings it back to Sherlock. He goes to the kitchen and washes his hands, turning on the kettle to boil. He looks around the fridge and the cupboards to see what they had for food.
He nuzzles against him. "Can we take a bath?"
“Mel, kneel in front of John and let him come on your face and tits. I’ll lick you clean and then I’ll eat you out as he fucks me.” Carol smirks and Mel blushes brightly, doing as she’s told.
"Sir.." He whimpers.
“Not me.” Sherlock chuckles, leaning in and kissing John again for a moment before missing the sauce and vegetables.
He deepens the kiss and holds him close.
He smirks. "Brilliant idea. We should make it sound proof."
He blushes and smiles shyly.
John frowns. "He told me.."
"We aren't letting him in. Are we?"
Mycroft cries and covers his ears as Greg's screams come from the phone. "Greg.. Just do what he says.. Please.."
"Oh yes.."
"Good.." He smiles. He sneaks a glance at Mycroft.
He blushes and whimpers. "N-No, sir.. I want you to make me come.."
“I’m not going anywhere anytime soon.” John nods.
John gasps softly, tears filling his eyes. He'd been longing to hear those words fall from Greg's lips for the longest time. He kisses him back. "Say it again.."
John nodded, ringing and putting in their usual delivery order. He sat back on the couch. "Tele?"
"Sherlock up." Carol orders. Sherlock whimpers and stands cursing his submissiveness. "If Collin can control himself then we will. Sherlock go the the closet and get out the spreader bars. Tie Collins wrists and ankles down fully extended on the bed so he can't move." She orders and smirks.
From Bangkok to Calgary
‘You need to bring him over so he’ll eat.’ Sky hums softly, looking at Dark and Blaze.
She smiles and kisses him.
“The woman? Do you mean Margret?” Sherlock asks. “She’s gone away for a little bit, we’ll be able to help, do anything you need us too. I just need John to be somewhere comfortable. Please, I’ll do anything you ask for.”
“Such a good cock slut. You love being impaled on your brother’s cock, don’t you slut?” Mycroft bites at Sherlock’s shoulders as he chokes him.
Collin gasps and groans, moving his head back so Greg can get at his neck easier.
Mycroft took a moment to gather himself, before his rational mind caused him to nod. "Yes..." He whispers.
“Sneaky lark.” Anthea giggles and sits, rubbing her belly.
Nina relaxes against him. Sky gets ready for the opening ceremony.
He gasps and arches up as he’s worked open.
Sky curls up against him and presses her face to his chest. "'M sorry.." She mumbles into his chest.
Camille watches them go inside before following them. ‘Mycroft meet me in the basement.’ She says to him, in his mind, as she heads there.
He moans against his lips.
"It's the quiet ones always beg the loudest and he never said a word." She sighs. "Alrighty then." She claps her hands and turns to face everyone. "We'll be leaving in an hour for the estate. Clothes for the wedding will be there so we don't have to worry about that. Anthea and Lydia do you both want to come along? I think we deserve a grand party." Sky smiles.
He gasps and moans. "Chloe.." He whines as he gets closer.
"So good. Feels so good." She moans as she looks down, seeing their cocks move under her skin.
He moans loudly and kisses her back deeply.
Mycroft sighs softly. He might be in the clear...
She mewls softly and feels needy.
“Christ listen to you.” He groans, cock twitching inside him.
“Your name is Leona. Leo is the lion. You are my lioness. My fierce protective goddess.” Dominic nuzzles her.
He thrusts roughly into her.
“All mine.”
Mycroft smiles and leans down to kiss him.
Sherlock kisses his shoulders and eases a plug into Pete while John is still in his arse.
He smiles softly. "I know.. I want that too. But I want you to take your time."
“I’ll sign them and send them right back. No more planning to have John go missing. I can hear that tone, it’s the ‘no one will find the body’ tone.”
He hums. "I don't know. I usually make an array of sweets."
He chuckles and nuzzles him back. "Come on. We'll go down and have something to eat."
"Remember we also have a seven year old daughter who needs our attention as well," John says, "and we still need to eat and sleep."
“Yes yes. Please, Daddy.” She begs.
"And she's the only person that can do it?" He frowns.
John giggles and wraps his lips around Sherlock’s bicep, sucking softly as he closes his eyes, trying not to fall asleep.
Sherlock blushes and squeaks as he's picked up
He smiles softly and rubs her side. "Of course you did."
"Of course, dear. You ducklings have fun." She waves at them from the front step as they get into the car.
He smiles and follows her curiously.
She blushes, a bit embarrassed. “I don’t know if I can handle much more right now..”
"I love you." He holds her close.
"Yeah?" She presses kisses to his neck.
He frowns deeply and hides his face. "The things they said to me.."
"I don't know...Mycroft's people probably have a plan." Sherlock replied.
"Mm you like it, yeah?" He smiles softly.
“Please, Daddy.”
He blushes and nods, always getting painfully shy when he talks about his feelings.
She deepens the kiss and moan softly.
She hums softly and fits perfectly against him.
The lack of erection didn't bother him, instead, John listened to the whimpers and words from Sherlock's mouth as indication. He kept up his rhythm until he couldn't anymore and with a gasp, he spent, pressing into Sherlock's body as hard as he could. "Fuck."
"Myc.. oh god.. I love your mouth.."
"Daddy.." He whimpers and presses his face into Mycroft's shoulder as he grinds against him.
“Come. Come for me Greg. I’ll fill you too.”
She gasps and whimpers, holding onto him tightly.
The man raises his eyebrows, apparently not used to being propositioned so boldly and so publicly. "Err..." He mutters.
Mycroft smirks. "Beautiful. Wouldn't you agree, John?"
Growing up for him wasn’t exactly cold but it wasn’t overly warm either. He wanted his pups to know they were loved and wanted. That their parents adored them.
They start to thrust into her, both about ready to explode.
“She is.” Greg smiles softly, rubbing Mycroft’s back.
“No. No.” Myropis shakes his head as he sits back against her large breasts. “I’ll fuck your mouth. Just relax your jaw.” He states as he pushes his cock back through her lips and starts off gently fucking her mouth.
He groans and kisses him back.
He sighs and hides his face. "I hate myself.."
He groans. "Jake.."
He whimpers at her words and the sight before him. "God, you're brilliant.. Collin fucks me so well, how hard can this thing go?"
"I don't mind, John... Oh oh my would you look at you both?" Joann says with a gasp, then a huge smile covers her face. "Oh... my pups, come here."
He smiles, not paying much attention to the stage anymore.
Sherlock cries out and comes hard.
“I’m with you. Of course we’re safe.” Sherlock hums happily, relaxing in John’s arms.
"Mm anything for you, baby." He moves up and kisses him deeply. "Mm how do you feel about being tied up?" He smirks and nips at his lips.
Sky whimpers softly and finally looks at him, tears filling her eyes.
“I’ve never bottomed before.” Clark hums.
Sherlock blushes and holds onto him.
James is leaning over the table with his legs spread as he lines up his shot.
He smiles softly.
He nods. 'I suppose because this is more personal than past pregnancies I've dealt with.'
"Wasn't planning on it." Mycroft growls and fucks Sherlock harder as John swallows around him.
Sherlock kisses him softly and held him.
“That they went and got the girl who hurt Greg without me.” Sherlock frowns.
When John notices the homeless man nod in Sherlock's direction he frowns, "how long have you had your homeless network watching us?"
"Come on." He smirks and leads them inside, the ground floor is the club and upstairs is where they're headed.
Greg leans against his bed and rests his head by Mycroft’s hand, falling asleep.
"Sherlock your bleeding. Let me disinfect and cover it. Please?" John says with a huff as he puts away the items. John goes and gets his kit.
Michael kisses him back and Jean kisses him back desperately.
Mycroft follows Greg quietly, smiling to himself.
"Why, what did you two bet on?" John asked as he released his mum and gave his dad a firm hug. "That your kids would both be pregnant, or that the grandkids would be clothed?"
He whimpers and gasps softly at the tug.
“Always.” John nods.
It's doing dishes when it's late
He smiles softly. "Thank you.."
Sherlock hesitates before leaning up a bit and pressing his lips to his jaw. Mycroft puts a hand on John's shoulder. "We'll break him."
“A bit, yes.”
“Oh baby. You’re going to be stuffed full.” He moans and rubs Sherlock’s already round cum filled belly.
He holds him tightly because he knows how terribly hard it is to accept scars. He can barely stand his own.
Crystal moans softly. “2.5”
He blushes a bit but nods. “Yes, alright.”
He nuzzles him back and grins happily.
**I know he can. I trust him. I don't trust Max.--MH**
Sky gags around the cock in her throat, nearly vomiting. She arches as her water breaks, knowing that won’t stop them from fucking her.
He smiles. "Good."
He whimpers, grinding against him again. "Fuck, Greg.."
“Alright.” He nods. “Could I have some orange juice?”
John sighs softly and relaxes, leaning against the bed as he falls asleep as well.
okay."
"After you." He holds the office door open and follows him out. The back garden is decorated for the wedding and guests fill in the chairs on either side of the isle. "Ready?" Sky smiles. "Of course." George smiles back. "Let's get this show in the road then." She smiles
Mycroft swallows, moaning like a slut.
"I love you, too.."
"Everywhere, Sherlock... They're almost never without a stash within arms reach... Oh? Bathroom..."
"Excuse me, sir!" The security fellow had heavily accented English. "This man? He deserved this?"
"So you were making yourself our enemy." John clarifies, glancing towards Sherlock, "to make me prove to Sherlock I was actually in it to be with him and not all the perks." He squeezes Sherlock's hand and gives him a small smile.
He smiles and hums quietly.
She whimpers and blushes. "I love it when you fuck my arse. It feels so good. You make my arse so full. I can't think of anything else but how big you are inside me. How you stretch me and fill me so perfectly." She moans and her arse gets slicker around him.
He moans as he starts to rock into her, getting used to her tightness.
Crystal nods, rubbing her warm belly. “Love.” She purrs.
"Water..." Molly mutters. "Dry." She tries to lick her lips, but has little success.
Greg frowns a bit as he watches John.
“Hold on. I’m almost ready.” John fixes his hair quickly and comes down. “Now I’m ready.” He pulls on his coat.
"I love you, too.. Go to sleep.." He kisses his head and holds him.
He frowns and nods, knowing he's right.
“I..” He swallows heavily. “Would you consider for the next time that we make love, could I.. Ah. Could I perhaps be on the receiving end?”
Kia gasps and comes as she’s filled with more cum. “Yes daddy.” She pants.
“No there isn’t. I’m cursed to walk this eternity alone forever.” Camille nods. “God has been silent for quite some time.” She sighs.
“I love you too.” Anthea smiles as she pulls up at their house. She gets out and goes to help Molly out of the car.
He growls and leans down, biting his neck and chest, leaving marks.
John smiles as they cuddle Michael.
"Please please. It's been ages since I've gotten to eat pussy. Please." Violet presses her face between Kate's legs and breathes deeply.
“Mm that’s a good boy.” The addict reaches into his pocket.
He hums softly as he falls asleep.
He cuddles him, wrapping his arms around him.
Greg is sitting in his chair and Mycroft is still sleeping.
Sherlock nods. “Yes… at least, that’s what he wants me to believe.”
"Good.." He tilts his head up seeking Greg's lips while keeping his eyes closed.
"Yes. Please."
“What’s yours like?” Sherlock asks.
Greg pulls him down to kiss him hard, adjusting the angle so he hits Mycroft's prostate.
“You’re good.”
"I messed up, said things I shouldn't have, didn't say anything when I should've. Stupid.." He sighs and downs his drink again. "So I'm here and I just want to forget right now."
He smirks and sucks on John's tongue knowing the sensation goes straight to John's cock.
"You know the worst fight we ever had was over furniture. It was for our old flat and we needed new furniture. I thought we were going to end up strangling each other over it." He chuckles softly.
Sky whimpers and swishes her tail. ‘So heavy. Feels even fuller like this. So much more. I can feel some of the pups moving already. They grow so fast.’ She pants a bit, pussy throbbing and dripping around the plug.
Camille nods. “Alright.”
He smiles and kisses his head.
Brian smiles and kisses Sherlock's head.
He leans in to kiss him, looking giddy.
John nods as he puts the lid back on. He returns the bottle to the top shelf to keep it out of reach of anyone small enough to come looking. "So this shaking and you getting sick, you think it's because of anxiety?"
He jumps into the backseat with Sherlock and Mycroft.
He smiles and hums softly. "I love you."
Sherlock smiles at him as they all sit.
He presses back against him, keeping his cock deep inside him.
“Naughty boy.” He chuckles and grinds with him.
“Mm it’s yours. Whenever you want it.”
"Right here, Sherlock. Right here." John says while kissing Sherlock's neck. "Need you to wake up so I can get you out of your clothes."
She mewls and arches, starting to ride him.
‘How many do you think? You can sense them better than me at this point probably.’
He grins a bit and and goes to him, pressing close. "Mm, heard you liked gingers."
He grins. "Like that?"
They eat.
“That’s a good lad.” John smiles and puts the pacifier in Jared’s mouth.
"We have rules, Sherlock. You eat at least once a day every other day. How do you expect to keep that brain of yours going if you don't fuel it properly? Will power alone won't help you. And you, Mycroft, need your strength to watch over Greg.. So you're both going to eat a bit of food, so help me God." He slips into his Captain Watson voice unknowingly. "Is that clear?"
He gasps and moans.
Kia giggles and nods. “John is so so so so so happy.”
She smiles and hums, patting the spot next to her.
He nods and stumbles a bit as they enter the flat.
"Sorry.. I'm just jealous that bastard got to light him on fire and not me." She sighs.
Sky blushes and looks at Benny pleadingly as she rocks her hips needy.
“Good.” She smiles softly. “Fucked him good, huh?” She teases Michael.
Camille doesn’t break eye contact, never needing to blink.
"Mm you make me so happy.." He hums and nips at his neck as he grinds against his arse.
'Mm I'll ask you and you'll ask me.' She smiles. 'When did you know you were in love with Michael?'
"I love you, too.." She rolls over and nuzzles him. She mewls as she feels his cum leak out of her arse and pussy.
“I love you.”
Sherlock drives his knot into John and comes hard, his cock pumping his seed deep into John.
He smiles and kisses him again.
“So fine. You can tell me it was fighting all you want. You can tell everyone it was about the fighting. But I’ll tell you this. I’ve seen your text history, Dr. Watson. I know the conversations you’ve had when my brother was too busy, when you felt ignored by cases, overwhelmed being a father, stuck in your own sad little depressed nothing ever good happens to me mind set. I know about the woman.” He says the last word low and dangerous.
Mycroft soon comes out with Greg.
"Thank you..." Sherlock smiled. "You look rather delicious yourself." He bit his lip provocatively.
“That’s right. Sleep, Darling. Mummy’s got you..” She mumbles softly, falling asleep.
'You'll always have me.' She blushes softly and smiles at him lovingly. 'One of the things? Tell me about the others.'
Eli comes more as he feels Sherlock retch.
'Yeah. At least that's a start.'
“Are you going to pump him full of babies, Daddy?” Mycroft smirks. “I’m going to make him so fucking full he’ll have to waddle.” Cecil smirks and spanks Sherlock’s arse.
"She's okay, see?"
He blushes and closes his eyes.
“Wow.. That’s pretty spectacular.” Sherlock kisses his head.
He smiles happily.
“You know Anthea is my daughter, right? That I adopted her? Well it seems like a mess that up completely..” Mycroft sighs.
“I’m not going to be able to focus..”
He smiles shyly. “Not at all.”
John smiles and kisses him. “Good.”
“Oh.” He blushes a bit. “Right. You’re right.” He nods.
He gasps and moans. "Yes.."
He holds him and kisses him softly.
"Mm I'm guessing it's you?" She turns and faces him, pressing against him.
“I love you, too. Have fun. I’ll be around soon.” He nuzzles him.
She blushes brightly at the praise and smiles shyly.
"Okay.." He holds him and kisses his head. "I love you.."
“Good.” She smiles and nods.
Sherlock blushes at that and smiles shyly.
“I-I like fruity drinks.”
Greg moans into the kiss, shocked but appreciative.
"Oh, don't try that again." John rolls his eyes, laughing. "Of course I like your tea. But you aren't my bloody servant. Sit down, for god's sake and *relax*, hmm? We're home. I thought you'd be checking your sock index." He winked, cheekily.
“Yes!” Morna moans, her slick running down her legs.
"Mm, I think he needs more.. Sherlock, how about you help fill him up?"
"You had royalty on his knees."
He whines and bucks his hips.
Chloe relaxes against Sherlock.
Pythia nods. “Maybe not in this lifetime..” She says softly.
He holds him and kisses him.
Brent hides lower this time, waiting for one of them to pass by.
He chuckles and smirks.
Collin chuckles and nuzzles him.
He yelps and moans. "N-No, sir! Sorry, sir!"
Harry looks at Sherlock with a longing look in her eyes then shakes her head.
skills. John took pride in passing off as human, unlike most of his kind. He enjoyed working, enjoyed doing his part to make the world a better (in his case healthier) place. Mycroft Holmes had the power to put an end to that if he found out what John really was.
"Thank you, love." Michael smiles.
Greg whimpers as he watches the vibrator go in and out of Sherlock. He smirks and turns it on.
Sherlock giggles softly, consciousness floating somewhere between drunk and out of it.
Mycroft hums softly and brushes a bit of hair out of Sherlock's face. "Will you eat, bee?"
John nods. “Thank you Crystal. I’m just scared for him. He’s... at the moment he’s saying that he doesn’t want any vampires in the room. Not you or Sherlock.” He explains softly.
“God, Mikey, feels so good.” He moans, riding him harder.
“This is a surprise.” Greg smiles and goes to sit on the couch.
Mycroft bites his lip. "If he says yes."
“Such a good girl.”
“I’ve seen plenty and experienced plenty more.” John smiles softly. “Let’s get you propped up on the couch with some more blankets.”
He rests his head against Issac’s chest.
“Do you know where they are? Will you lead me there?” Myropis asks softly.
He pushes him back against the shower wall and grinds against him as he marks his neck.
Sky moans as he starts moving in her arse again. “Please, Daddy. Please try. I want your cock in my womb. I want you to both fill me up.” She begs, rocking between them. “You two can compete for who can put the most babies in me without pulling out. Whoever wins I’ll be their person sex slave for a day. No a week. Whatever you want I’ll do it. However you want to Fuck me I’ll let you. Whatever you want to fuck me with I want it. Whoever fills me up with the most babies gets me to be their persona sex slave fore a week to be used however, whenever, and by who ever they choose.” She purrs, rocking her hips and riding both of their cocks.
“Hi, Daddy.” Sky smiles softly and blushes, crawling into bed behind Mycroft. She curls up behind him and relaxes, her full rounded belly weighing her down nicely.
She mewls happily as her mouth is filled with cum.
"Sherlock," John says, turning to look at his mate. "There's something you need to know before we get there. The last time I was here... My mum had just died. Harry had taken over sole ownership of me, and she was moving us to London so she could attend uni. My aunt offered to let me stay with her and her Alpha, and said she'd help me get a good Alpha so I could settle down and spread my roots."
“Really? Shit.” John chuckles. “They’re not going to be able to do anything.”
"Well, if he looks anything like your Omega, Sherlock, he'll fetch a nice price. I wouldn't be surprised if a bidding war breaks out. He'll go faster if you can keep him that docile."
Eli kisses and sucks on his neck.
“Mm.” She hums and nods. “Apparently I need to relax.” She gets a non caffeinated soda.
Sherlock watches as John is inspected he wants to step closer to him and protect him, but know better than to move.
She nods and relaxes, thinking about how she only wants to be bred and how that’s all she meant for is to be a breeder for anything that wants to make her carry their babies.
"How many times can you go?"
He pulls him down to kiss him desperately, whimpering against his lips. "I love you.. So much."
Mycroft moans softly, rocking his hips into the circle of Greg's fist.
"Do you want to pick out my next costume?"
“Come, baby. Come for Daddy.”
"So gorgeous. So perfect."
He blushes softly. "I love you too."
"Yesss." Greg hisses in relief. He stops himself from thrusting into Mycroft's mouth.
Downstairs, Mycroft and Sherlock are just waking up.
His cock twitches a bit as he listens.
He takes a breath as he adjusts.
He smiles softly and relaxes.
He chuckles softly. "I love the feeling.." He blushes brightly. "I.. I believe all of Baker Street heard us.."
He blushes brighter and holds onto him, smiling shyly.
He blushes and smiles.
(See the end of the chapter for
Eli groans and comes hard into him.
She blushes. “Not including self inflicted?”
He smiles and kisses her back before taking her hand.
John rolled out from under Sherlock and held out his hand for his mate. When Sherlock took it, he guided him through the flat, switching off lights as they went, then pulled him into bed. Sherlock stripped out of his clothes down to his pants and crawled into bed.
“Did he tell you his name? Or nickname? Did he say he knew me?”
"Come see our beautiful home."
"See! Perfect timing?" She smiles.
"Umm the cinnamon bun or chocolate lava cake."
“There you go. Just like that.” Greg nods, rubbing Mycroft’s thigh encouragingly. “Do you touch yourself? Get yourself off?” He asks softly.
"I.. Okay.."
“Listen how excited he is.” Dark groans.
Greg hums. “Thank you John. For saving me.” He says softly before moving back into his bedroom. He steps out a moment later wearing a black, thick leather jacket, with a collar coming up around his neck. “I need to protect my neck.” He shrugs to John.
"I love you too. So much. With all of me."
Greg moans and spreads his legs wide open. "Use me. I'm your come slut. I need your cock in my arse so fucking bad. Please!" He groans.
He groans into the kiss. “Fuck, yes.”
He blushes and takes a breath, raising his head as he looks around.
"Aren't you just mouthwatering.." John purrs.
"Stop right there!" Greg shouts. "Put down the gun slowly and raise your hands in the air." He stands behind the police car door with his gun drawn.
He nods as he starts to understand.
He smiles and pulls him close, kissing him lovingly.
She hums happily and nuzzles him
He whimpers. 'Please..'
Sherlock hums softly and nuzzles Greg as he wakes the next morning.
"Sentiment...not greed." Sherlock nodded.
“How can I learn from someone who doesn’t know the lesson themself?” Greg asks.
"Oh it's fun, isn't it?" He smiles brightly.
She whines softly and pants, feeling stretched by his knot.
(See the end of the chapter for
He takes her hand and smiles.
"Interesting. I'm guessing the Queen made you do it?"
“Come for daddy.” Eli orders, snapping his hips.
“This is gonna take a while.”
He smiles and kisses him back.
Sherlock’s still shaking a bit when the car that Greg had called for arrives. “I love you, John..”
“Close, Daddy. So close.” He whimpers as George pounds his prostate.
He smiles and links their pinkies. “Thank you.”
He moans loudly, arching against the wall.
Zack thrusts a few more times before he pulls out of her.
"Yeah. Always. Ever since I was born." She smile softly.
He smiles and nuzzles him back.
She hums softly as she sleeps and presses her face to his chest.
"It's getting a bit cold. Let's get a cab."
Crystal kisses down her chest, kissing over her cleavage and breasts.
She blushes and moans breathily. "Please, Daddy.."
Michael only sits up to eat.
He trembles a bit, his body exhausted.
"Yes!" Sherlock replied, running a hand down John's back.
She kisses him before getting up.
Michael nods, wiping his face again before grabbing his coat, as well as Jean's.
Everyone's in the sitting room, even Sherlock and Collin.
Mycroft kisses him back deeply. "You deserve to be yourself."
He blushes and nods. "Alright."
Greg pulls him into his arms and kisses him softly. "I love you." He smiles.
He blushes and smiles. 'Can I kiss you again?'
Sherlock groans and thrusts harder. "God, Greg..."
Lydia pushes John's wheelchair towards the lift. She glares at the stupid doctor and he scurries away. She smirks happily. Greg smiles and holds Mycroft's hand as they walk toward the lifts.
“Yeah.” Chris blushes and smiles shyly.
"Looks like they're getting ready to go to dinner." Jean hums as Sky and Zack finish the last interview.
John is to shocked for a moment to protests. “No.” He says coming back to himself. “No!” He shouts. “You bloody Holmes’ think you can go around and do whatever the hell you want. Just barge into my room and go through my things and take my mother’s broach! No! That is the only thing I have left of her!” John shouts. Harry had pawned off the rest of their mother’s things on a particularly bad drinking binge. She needed more money for booze so she sold their mother’s things.
Lydia blushes and smiles softly.
“Take it slow. You’re doing so good.”
He moans and kisses him as he rocks his hips.
“Oh I see. That’s why he wanted me to be on top. So I wouldn’t usurp his toy status.” Margaret hums and nuzzles Sherlock.
Michael smiles and hums. "What do you guys want to do?"
He blushes and kisses him.
He blushes and nods. “Yes, sir.”
He whimpers and nods, his tears staining Mycroft's shirt. "Please.. Don't leave.. Not again.."
Jean's cry is muffled into Michael's mouth as he comes hard making a mess between them.
He moans loudly as Collin continues to use him, loving how rough he was being.
He blushes a bit at his grin. "I assume you've got something planned for tonight?"
"Good boy." He praises and nudges the plug.
Sky smiles and takes Tucker’s hand, leading him up after them.
He blushes. "Is that so?" His cock twitches in his trousers.
“I don’t think we spend enough quality Granddad granddaughter time together.” She hums and presses closer. “Well you don’t really look like a Granddad anymore.” She smirks. “We haven’t even named our son yet.” She nuzzles him.
“Let’s go out.” Sherlock gets up.
He deepens the kiss, his red slipping closed.
"Let me change them.."
Maggie nods and wraps her arm around him as they walk, a nice slow pace.
“It looks so pretty.” Luciel smiles.
“I know but I still watched and was unable to do anything.” John sighs kissing her softly. “I’ll make it up to you.” He promises.
'Let us help you..' He hesitates as he reaches for her.
John focuses on the room, for a moment worried that he'd just broken into someone's home, thinking someone else now lived here. But the pictures on the wall were still of his family, and his mother's blanket was still draped over the sofa. He brings the blanket up to his nose and sniffs.
Sherlock purrs and melts to Mycroft. "Enjoying yourselves?" Greg chuckles as he leans against the door frame.
“That’s amazing.”
“Nah. Stay here and relax with the boys.” Sky smiles and kisses her softly before getting up.
"Michael!" She squeals and laughs.
He smiles softly, relaxing back against Jake's chest.
"Is chewing out new arseholes helping fix whatever the problem is?" Harry asks, her voice deep and guttural. Mycroft shakes his head once, making her smile. "Good, then hang up the damn phone and take us on a tour of your bedroom."
“Mm I always knew you liked my tits.” She giggles. “Go on. Touch. Feel.”
He moves to her right arm, using the same massages.
“I know. It’s okay.” Magdala smiles softly.
Benny holds him for a minute longer before going to talk to Turk.
"I usually am. Just look at where we are." He chuckles.
“It’s never too late to get help and work on yourself. It’s good that Sherlock can help you but he shouldn’t be solely responsible for helping you help yourself. That’s a lot of pressure to put on your partner and it can lead to a strain in the relationship.” She hums.
"C-C-Can't you do a transplant or something?"
'You're actually keeping up pretty good, old man.' Sky hums barely breaking a sweat a few laps in.
She nuzzles him. "You need to sleep.. You have to coach Sky in the fight tomorrow.."
Mycroft gave a small smile and ducked his head, looking toward the windows, thinking to himself. Thinking back to their conversation before, he looked up at Greg. "I... I would like to be... penetrated... by.... by someone who would take care of me." He mumbled, half embarrassed. "I've... never come while being penetrated. I.... thought that maybe I could change that this weekend." He's flushed hot. "Would you help me, Gregory? Later?"
“So I can’t feed babies?”
Sherlock thrusts into her, setting steady pace. “So gorgeous.” He murmurs.
John hums, holding Sherlock close as he falls asleep.
He moans breathily and nods. "Yes, sir.."
George hums as he licks and kisses at his neck.
“Yes. Please yes.”
Greg smiles and rolls his eyes. "Yeah, that sounds like her."
“You’ll be okay. I promise.” John nods.
“I umm. I need to go see Sarah.” Tim stands up.
Mycroft nods, rubbing the slippery substance between his fingers, looking at Greg for strength as he begins to touch, inhaling sharply as he becomes familiar with himself.
Mycroft breaks immediately after he's sure that she's gone.
He moans loudly as he comes hard into her.
"Good. I'm happy." She smiles softly.
“It just happens. I can’t control it. Cock is just so nice. Especially you and your brother’s.” Violet whimpers and rocks against him, moaning as he sucks on her nipple. “How big should I make her, Daddy? How many months along should I push her? This is five months. She just doesn’t look big enough to me.” Sky purrs and rubs her belly as it grows. She massages her tits, knowing she has to be pushed further so that her milk will start flowing.
He smiles softly and nods. “Just me?”
He sniffles and wipes his tears away. “I’ll see you soon, yeah?”
She blushes and kisses her back deeply before laying back.
“Oh?” Sherlock looks at him. “He is quite.. dashing.” He agrees. “I did like him in *Mama Mia*.” He chuckles.
Sherlock nodded. "Should we check in?"
They hold him and snuggle him.
He whimpers as Mycroft holds his cock. "M-Mikey please.."
He kisses her again. 'It's always been you.'
He fucks him with his fingers slowly as well as his tongue.
"Please." He begs as he fucks himself with his fingers.
Cecil and Violet soon come down with George.
"Are they okay?"
"Hey.. Look at me.." She caresses his cheek. "You are so brave. I know this sucks so much. I'm so sorry you have to deal with it. You are so strong. So very very strong. Let's go and get you more comfortable okay?"
“Mm yes, bee..” he hums and falls asleep with him.
He nods. "I'll talk to him.."
“I’ll change quickly and then we’ll go.” John says and strips off his jumper carefully, his under shirt getting pulled up as well revealing a section of his stomach above his waist band.
She blushes and nods.
Sherlock blushes and kisses him softly.
Jean pushes into him and moans. "Fuck, you're always so tight for me.
"Yes. I'm going to keep you full of my cum and my children. Always. I fill you up with my cum whenever I feel the need. No matter what."
John drops down beside them, pulling Mel into a kiss, moaning as he tastes himself.
“Want me to fuck You?”
“Mmhmm the only thing I could get you to keep down.” John nods.
Mycroft follows after Harry who follows Anthea. His bedroom is large, the master’s on his estate. His bed is large enough for half a dozen adults with some of the softest sheets known to man. “Bathroom, closet, wardrobe, and bed. That’s the tour. Care for closer inspection?” He looks down at Harry.
He mewls and presses back for more.
He gasps and arches, moaning.
"Mm, I know you are."
Sherlock leads Pythia out of the room, “which way do we go?” He asks.
“Ever since she was at the safe house she hasn’t had a drop.” Mycroft nods. He had gotten her a specialist to talk to but having found him and Anthea she hasn’t been having cravings.
“What do you want from Daddy?” He kisses his neck.
"*Mais, maman ... le pauvre homme pleure.*" (“But mama, the poor man is crying.”) Marie looked sad. "*S'il vous plaît, ne pleurez pas, monsieur ... ici, Gilbert ne veut pas que vous soyez si triste.*" (“Please don't cry sir ... here Gilbert doesn't want you to be so sad.”) She escaped her mother's grip and pressed a soft toy rabbit into the crook of Mycroft's elbow. "*Il prendra soin de vous.*" She smiles, before running back to her mother. (“He will take care of you.”)
He kisses him back deeply and thrusts harder.
John raised his eyebrows. "Is that the full truth, Sherlock?" He asks.
“Yeah? Might as well fuck me again since you’re already hard.” She purrs, fucking herself on his cock.
She kisses him back and smiles happily.
He blushes and smiles.
She whimpers and licks her lips, eyes locked on his cock. "You were in my womb. You fucked my womb directly, your cum going right in. God, it was brilliant.."
He moans and presses closer, his erection pressing against her arse.
Mycroft smiles and leans down to kiss Sherlock's forehead. "Cute little bee.."
Greg frowns. “Alright..” He sighs. “How.. How do you know so much?”
Jean lays Michael down on the bed. "Mm what should we do to him?" He hums. "I think you should fuck him while I sit on his face." Sky smirks down at Michael.
And I can't because I'm just so afraid."
"You are. You treat her like a queen."
“Such a good girl.” Micheal smirks. “What’s with the whole contraption?” Jake hums as he turns the crank some. Sky moans loudly as he stretches her.
Sherlock gasps against his lips, arching and rocking into his hand. “John..” He mewls into the kiss, his hands curling in pleasure.
“Usually. Unless someone caused a war or something.” John nods. “Not to much has changed. But you’re here now.”
He whimpers and moans, pressing against him. "Please.. Switch positions.."
John starts running a shower for himself, not hearing or seeing Maggie waking up.
He blushes and smiles. "Happy retirement, Mycroft."
Greg blushes as they get up to the room. “Will you still do what you said?”
"Car accident. Her and her husband were hit by a drunk driver. He's in the next ambulance coming. I need you to go out and wait for him. I have to get her into an emergency c-sections." Cynthia huffs as she continues chest compressions.
“You have a fever. You should be in bed.” John frowns, holding him up.
He smirks. ‘Brilliant idea.’ He walks over to her, pushing his cock into her mouth.
Turk is cuddling with some of the pups in his dream.
“I would like to meet the others, though.”
Tindo here, I did a halfassed job editing this chapter. I'm super sorry. My brain is just not in a creative mood. I'm a bit burnt out today.
“Only when it comes to monsters who should having died a millennia ago.” Greg hums.
"Yeah." Jake smiles and nods.
He whimpers and nods, hurrying to get the lube. "Yes, sir."
He blushes and bites his lip. “Yes, sir.” He starts to eat a bit, painfully aware of how close Sam’s hand was to his crotch.
He giggles a bit and smiles.
“She needs time. Trauma takes time to process.” Irene says softly.
She moans loudly and pushes back against him.
"Yeah. She's with Anthea and Lydia."
He growls possessively and twists his hand. "How long?"
He hums. "What do you want to eat?"
“Your dad has already spent time from your mum but I suspect it’s also because you're pregnant. I’m supposed to be with you and my body rejected being apart.” Sherlock holds him close.
He gasps and moans breathily as the machine starts to fuck him.
He smiles and leans down to kiss her.
John nods, as if he understands. "Ah..." He breaks off a piece of fish and chews on it. "You eating anything?"
“How about Daddy fucks You in the shower?” He licks the cum off Sherlock’s cheek.
She nods and does he best but misses. “It’s hard.”
He gets up and hums softly.
"Well the sex is fantastic in both so that doesn't need to change." She smiles softly and nuzzles him.
'Mm I see.' She purrs, rubbing the packer over his pants, knowing it stimulates his clit.
He kisses his neck softly. "Such a good boy.."
He cuddles against him as he falls asleep.
"Mm of course I can. That's why your real surprise is out in the driveway." He smirks.
‘He’s gonna be okay.’ Sky says softly in Collin’s head.
He sniffles. "I thought I was going to lose her.."
He whimpers and nods, rocking back against Mycroft.
He lays him back and spreads his legs, kissing him deeply as he pushes into him.
Crystal cries out as her head hits the wall hard. “I have always done everything you asked. I’ve never questioned you till now. The one time I ask you to stop and consider your throw me around like a doll. Just like they did. Yet when he so much as looked at you, you caved to him whims.” She whispers, the glass of vases and pictures cracking and shattering around the room.
The front of Sherlock's pants are soaked. John pulls down his pants and tosses them away.
"Oh wow."
“Long or short?” She smiles.
‘Much. Thank you.’
Greg nuzzles him softly as John thinks for a moment. "Of course we want you, Mikey.. We love you. Very much. We want you to be happy and to feel loved! You make us happy and feel so special. You are a genius and gorgeous and breathtaking and completely maddening but we want it! All of it! Because it's you. Because you are so irreplaceable to us. We love you. So please love yourself, too." John signs.
He relaxes and closes his eyes.
Michael presses against Turk's back as they all sleep.
Sherlock smiles and kisses each of them.
"She's a teacher."
"Really. He was upset he had to leave dinner. He wanted to stay with you and talk more." She smiles.
“Oh, I will.” He grins. “Gotta get changed, first.” He goes and gets changed into a red pair of the tight briefs.
John kisses Sherlock's head.
Cecile pushes and finger into him and Violet moans at the changing angle.
“I..” Sherlock blinks. “I’ve never thought about having an Omega but if I did I’d want one like you.” He says softly as he presses play.
“Mm good boy.” He praises, stroking him through it.
“Ummm I could go for a kiss right about now.” Margaret grins.
He growls and starts to thrust harder.
They gently pull out of him and plug him back up.
“It’s alright.” John sighs.
He moans breathily. "Please!"
She blushes and mewls, pushing two fingers into herself.
He blushes as he looks down at him.
He blushes and nods. “Alright. I can work around the estate too if you need it.”
He moans as he tastes himself.
"He's amazing.." He smiles, talking about his dad.
He gasps and moans. "Yes, sir."
Martha mewls a bit and grinds against his crotch, licking her lips.
"Everything is fine. I'm fine." Sky hisses as John starts to stitch it up. "Are you sure you don't want a numbing agent?" John frowns. "No. Just get on with it." She bites her lip hard.
“Are you humouring me?” John asks, slightly offended.
"Fuck yes.." Collin moans and rocks up into him slowly.
“I’ll take care of you. I promise.” He works him open slowly.
Greg laughs softly. “I’m glad you enjoyed it.” He gets a tissue and wipes Mycroft’s hand clean.
Sherlock smiles softly and puts his hand down slowly so the cat can sniff it.
He whimpers a bit. "I am human."
He smirks. "Mm. Alright."
He blushes, blinking a bit at his question. “I.. ah.. sorry?”
“Is that right, sweetheart?” Maggie leans in and kisses Crystal deeply, holding her close and letting her feel her cock form.
Clark kisses him back.
Mycroft straightens back up slowly and looks at Sherlock a bit hazy with arousal of being pushed so close to the edge.
She moans, relieved to have something inside her.
“Oh.” Sherlock chuckles. “There should be some fish food around somewhere if you want to feed them so they don’t eat you.”
"Look at you. So fucking beautiful. All for me."
“Mm. Yes. Let me fuck myself on your cock.”
“All the boys in the house did. She wanted to save you for last. She knows how much you love breeding bitches.” He chuckles softly.
Greg bites his lip. “I’ll tell her.”
John strips down, getting into the hot tub, sighing in relief as he feels the hot water.
Greg's fingers shake as he tries to dial John's number.
His eyes widen and he nods.
"We'll figure out something."
“Good. Playing hide and seek with Dorro.” Kia grins, the only one who actually seems to like to spend time with Dorro since they’re the one that brings things to an end.
Mycroft blushes and leans against him. "I hope we leave for the club soon.." Mycroft mumbles quietly.
'Of course.' She smiles.
Mycroft groans and does the same.
'I love you, too.'
Greg gets towels and they dry off.
He smiles and kisses him.
“You’ve been waiting days for this, haven’t you?” John smirks, wrapping his hand around Sherlock’s cock between their bodies and stroking him as he thrusts.
She hums happily and cuddles close. “Missed you..” She mumbles against his chest.
He chuckles and nuzzles him back.
Camille shakes her head. “No, that will make him more dangerous. If he decides to protect the human race from us, a perceived threat, his magic coupled with Lucifer’s blood will make him ten times as powerful and wipe us all out.” Camille frowns before continuing to pace. “We must have Greg on our side. If he is to protect, it must be for us. No matter the costs, he will be a valuable asset.”
Mycroft smiles at her lovingly. “That’s great Anth, love. Everything is going to be okay. It’s going to get better. Over the next few days.”
Camille smiles softly and nods. “I’ll think about it. For now I think you should rest.”
All the banking, power of attorney, and guardianship papers are taken care of. Your money should be where you need it now. And I am officially Rosie’s guardian. I told her this and I’m no longer Banana Head (thank goodness) but have been dubbed Guard Lock. I like that much better.
"I know there are several things you're not telling me. But, I'm specifically asking*why* don't you want me to leave tonight?" John kept his voice gentle, consoling. "I'm not angry, I'm only concerned."
Mycroft is stunned into silence at the words, so beautifully poetic in French. He inhales sharply and pulls Greg into his lap, kissing him deeply.
Inside the cave was a roaring fire, to keep the chill at bay. In the shadows of the flames, sat a large dark figure, indistinguible from the shadows themselves. It watched as Sherlock stepped into the cave and smiled ruefully. A male, and handsome. Very handsome. He would make good babies. The shadows moves quickly, scratching against the stone on one side of the cave then the other, before pushing a bowl of meat to the man.
“Mm the corset minimizes them. When it’s off they go back to their normal state.” Morna kisses over John’s neck.
He takes a breath and squeezes her hand back.
He blushes and kisses him. "Love you.."
Mycroft smiles and stops by the edge when he sees John coming.
John purrs, nose presses to Sherlock’s neck.
He smiles softly. "Really? I'm sure he'd love that."
"That's it. You're perfect. So gorgeous."
He mewls and starts to move.
Sky sobs as she walks out into the garden.
"I love you.. Plug me up?"
"I'm going to fuck her." The man smirks and Violet blushes brightly.
‘Always needy. So needy. Can’t live without being fucked and filled. Can’t think unless I have at least three loads filling me up.’
"I do." The taller man nods. "I... Have often found myself wanting to... Get to know you, enjoy your company... Not just when Sherlock summons me to one of your crime scenes."
He kisses his jaw softly. "Alright.." He mumbles before settling back down against his chest.
He thrusts harder, leaking inside of her.
She giggles and goes to find the others.
He pulls her close and kisses her deeply.
"He's okay. Brilliant idiot."
“Daddy makes me happy. Very happy. All over.” She purrs.
"Need to come." She whines, waves of pleasure getting stronger as they mask the contractions.
“Precisely. I spoil you because I love you. He kisses her stomach before leaving to find Mycroft and Sherlock.
He whimpers, reaching up to play with her tits as he fucks her.
Zack keeps stealing glances at Chloe.
“I believe it’s just the counselor.”
Cecil eases the plug out and pushes the cock in, turning the machine on low.
'I missed you, too..' He hugs her and rubs her back soothingly.
"Oh yeah?" He smirks.
“You. You’re my blonde, doctor, military man. It’s you, John. I’ve never loved anyone the way I love you. Just you. Only you.” Sherlock wiped tears away.
Violet hums and nods. "You've always been a tricky sharer. You want other things but when someone wants a share of yours you get pouty."
“Need it. Need you cock.” Kia cries out as she feels him stretch her tight virgin hole.
He kisses her back softly.
"Mmhmm."
“Yes, sir.”
“Mm?” Sherlock blinks. “Oh.” He blushes and smiles.
They head up to Sherlock's room. "How is my favorite patient this morning?" Lydia asks Sherlock and smiles.
Sherlock wraps long arms around him and nuzzles into his hair.
His cock twitches at the challenge. “Prepare to be impressed.”
“She’s a natural. Can you believe she was a virgin the first time I fucked her?” John smirks and caresses her face. Mel blushes and nuzzles into his hands.
Sherlock blushes brightly and palms himself.
“You’ve got a great mouth.” She mumbles, having drooled onto the bed.
He hides his face.
"I love you.."
“I was creating different beaches of government. A few decades later after my last alter ego disappeared I became head of the war department during the first and second world wars.” Mycroft hums.
He smiles shyly and blushes. “His real name’s Mycroft. He’s erm..” he hesitates a bit. “He’s part of our big relationship.”
“Oh Johnnie.” Myropis calls. “Johnnie, did you think your goons would save you? Johnnie, come out and play.”
He kisses her deeply and lays her back against the bed, thrusting into her making sure to stay deep in her womb.
He barks at her ear as it moves.
Rosie shakes her head. “He wants to be with Miko’s mum and the baby.”
“I do too. Let’s see. This one says we should have special kink events so people who like specific kinks can find each other.” Sky hums.
He pulls out of him gently and starts to clean him.
John frowns and turns to Sherlock. “So what should we do? I can’t magic them away. I can’t cut them.” He sighs and sits on the rock beside Sherlock.
“We’ll see about that, little slut.” Sherlock smirks, taking it as a dare. He starts to thrust hard and fast into Morna, keep no rhythm as John does the same.
He looks to Anthea. "You should come eat."
“I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock kisses him softly. “Thank you for doing this. I know before you would have just hung up on Irene.”
She mumbles softly as she feels Michael wake.
He blushes and smiles.
Eli nods. “I’ll be in meetings most mornings. You guys are free to do whatever.” He hands them credit cards.
He moans and starts to fuck her harder.
“How many do you have at the estate?”
The movie ends and everyone is ushered back into the main room for lights out. Once people are done taking turns getting ready for bed in the bathrooms, the lights are turned off. Rosie crawls into her bag, then suddenly remembers she needs her teddy. "Papa, Mr. Stu." she reaches out her hands for the stuffed animal.
She smiles and nuzzles her.
"Alright, give me a mo." John grumps out as he heads for the stairs.
“Yes it is.” Greg almost shouts, before coughing. “And he wants to end it. To die, so he can become a monster like you.” Greg spits at Sherlock, blood mixing in with his spit.
He frowns and nuzzles him softly. "I know.. I'm sorry.. I'm trying.."
He smiles. "Can we go drinking sometime, Mikey?"
“Hello, Peter. Joining us?” John smiles.
Greg starts to ride him harder, his moans growing.
Like pain that just keeps on going on
He smiles. "Thank you."
Greg looks down at his feet, ashamed. “I’m sorry I hurt you Sherlock. I don’t mean what I said, I know I have no excuse, but please will you forgive me?” He asks softly.
He moans loudly and pushes back against him.
Sherlock gasps and starts to leak into Morna, he suckles hard, wanting more of her warm milk. He can’t feel his body change, but he knows it must be happening.
I will call you by name
“It has detectives and animals.” Rosie nods.
"I'm so sorry, honey.." His throat feels tight and he blinks a few times to keep the tears from rolling down his face.
She holds his hips and slowly rocks into him. "You look so handsome and you take it so well." She kisses his neck and chest. "Others are starting to notice you." She smirks as she feels people watching them.
He whimpers and mewls, blushing as he speaks. “Please, sirs. Can I please have your cum inside me? Want to be so full of cum. Please, Mikey, Edgar. Give me your yummy cum.”
He moans softly and rocks with him.
He frowns. “You should be there with him.”
“Sorry about that. He’s such a flirt and doesn’t know when to shut up. I’m Calvin. And the big mouth here is my fiancé Todd.” Calvin smiles politely. “Yeah well you seem to like my big mouth for most things.” Todd smirks. “Todd! There are little ears here!” Calvin turns bright red and covers his toddlers ears.
"Mm just the answer I wanted to hear." Lydia smiles.
He moans loudly, leaning in to bite her neck.
She moans as she feels him filling her.
“Good.” He smiles happily, noticing the other men coming closer again.
John nods. “I’m sure.” He smiles.
He gasps and mewls as James fills him.
"I know, love. But I need you back safe and well, and for that, you need rest so you're on the top of your game. So go to sleep, and if you want to call me tomorrow, I won't complain. We can let Mycroft pay the phone bill."
He sighs as he moves to sit against the wall.
“Hard. Bit desperate.” Turk tries not to whimper, his cock leaking.
George groans softly as he rubs their tongues together, closing his eyes.
He hums as he pulls away. “Do try to make it to our room tomorrow, yeah?”
Mycroft kisses him as he fucks him hard and deep.
To John's credit, he neither laughed nor gave Sherlock a pitying look. He simply went back to the paper as Sherlock stormed out of the lounge.
“On the menu? The food. What do you like from the menu?” John smiles.
She blushes and follows him.
"Dance club. It has two levels of dance floors. We'll get a private tables so we can all sit together."
"Good. I don't know where to start so ask something and we'll go from there."
It was four more days until John was taken out of intensive care, and another three before he was discharged home. Everything in 221B was moved back to how it was before. John’s room was made up how it used to be. Sherlock’s room felt cold and lonely without John and his hideous jumpers to warm it. Their wedding photos had been taken down from the walls and the album put away at Mrs. Hudson’s so John wouldn’t find it. The hardest part for Sherlock was taking off his wedding ring. He never took it off. Only to polish it once a week with John’s. Now both his and John’s rings rested heavily on a chain around his neck, hidden under his shirt.
Greg hums. “Mm. It just sort of happened. I believe we were out with John and Sherlock one night and I may have had a few too many drinks and told Mycroft I wanted to suck John off in the loo.”
He starts thrusting almost immediately.
Sherlock just chuckles. “Not really.” He says before kissing Margaret back. “Come on, is the potion nearly ready?”
He gasps as he feels Mycroft filling him.
“Slut.” Sherlock smirks and pushes into his open mouth. Veronica kneels under him and licks at his cock with Chloe.
Sherlock moans breathily. "Yes, Mikey.."
"Mm if you need something you should ask clearly, pet." He runs the crop down his chest and to his hip.
"God, yes.. I'm sure you've caught me looking at your breasts, at your arse. Fucking sexy little thing you are."
He growls. "We'll have to find out. Fill you up with so many babies."
She leans in and kisses him deeply, pushing her tongue into his mouth. ‘How many? How many are you going to put in me?’
She hums and nods. "I don't know why you don't just have it removed." Turk sighs. "Mm because I love to torture myself." She rolls her eyes.
“Slut, to you I’m Sir.” Sherlock groans softly and snaps his hips.
“Mm?” Sherlock looks up.
Rosie takes the first bowl that has ice cream in it and proceeds to pour chocolate sauce and sprinkles on it. John, knowing how quickly she can go overboard, monitors the whole process to ensure she's not just dumping sprinkles on. When she's finished and about to grab the gummies, he snatches them up and takes out three. "You can only have this many," he explains, giving them to her, "you've already got a mountain of sugar there. Don't need the sugar kingdom to be overrun by the gummy bear tribe."
“Mm you like it.” Margaret kisses him back happily.
“And I’d pull you tight against my face as I slowly fucked you with my tongue.”
Magdala smiles and scoots down the bed, she kisses and sucks at Crystal’s chest, slowly making her way up Crystal’s ample chest and playing with her nipples.
'I'm glad you're okay..'
"Cecil can't save my life like she can." George frowns.
"Mm, John."
"Mycroft can narrow his minds focus down to one thing even when he's surrounded by millions of things. Right now his only focused on grinding against Sherlock." She smirks.
He smiles happily and gets into the car.
He moans and grips the sheets tightly.
"What was that?"
Lydia makes sure that they are away from Sherlock's room so the surprise won't be ruined. "Well I was thinking I could do John's surgery today. But I'd also think that it would be a lovely surprise for Sherlock and Greg. They need a little something happy." She signs and says to Mycroft and John.
“Mm and I can keep you hard for as long as I want. Make you come inside me over and over and over again.” She smirks and rocks her hips.
He blushes and smiles, holding her close.
“Mm he follows orders. Good boy.” She smirks and brings her foot up to his lap, pressing his cock with her shoe. “Who said you could touch yourself? Cause I sure as hell didn’t.”
“Alright.” Sherlock nods. “I’m good for now though. Maybe later.” He nuzzles John. “How’s is your breakfast?”
He smiles shyly and nods.
"Are you alright, Sky? Had to much to drink last night?" George chuckles as Sky massages her head. "Among other things." She hums.
Mycroft kisses his chest softly as he calms down. "I love your voice, Gregory.."
“Die again?” Dr. Monroe frowns.
"I shouldn't be upset.. You're okay.. I just, I.. I was scared.. I thought you were hurt.." He sniffles again, shaking his head.
He nods and shifts to move closer to him.
“Need something?” He asks softly.
John bites his lip. "I.. W-What was that?"
She whimpers and starts to push.
He tears up a bit as she sings to him before calming down.
"Th-Th-Thank you, T-T-T--" He stops, aggravated with himself and his stuttering.
“Not in the least. I don’t know if he had anything to do with the death.” Sherlock frowns.
“Sure. That sounds nice.” John smiles and nods.
He smiles softly. “Who wouldn’t want you?”
“Bzzzzzz!!” Jared grins widely.
"Yes, sir. Very."
She hums softly and cuddles into him.
Mycroft lowers his finger so more and stops just before touching any more anatomy. “Do you want me to carry on?” He asks.
Sherlock nearly screams, arching off the bed as he comes hard across his chest.
“Want to go home or slip off to the loo quick?” He smiles softly.
He sniffles and holds onto him. "I just.. I was afraid and then I felt bloody awful and I figured I should keep to myself because I didn't want everyone upset with me.."
She whimpers, submitting to him and his cock. “I need it, Daddy. Need you to take me. Take my cunt. To own me.”
He laughs softly. "Well, I'm not going to contest that."
“Perfect, my darling omega.” Sherlock nuzzles him, the pain meds helping him move easier. He lays on his stomach with his head facing John and the pups.
Mel hums happily as she follows Carol around.
When they finally break apart, both of them are breathing heavily, "that was the hottest thing I've ever heard you say." He admits, a flush on his cheeks.
Mycroft smiles as he watches.
He nuzzles him and smiles.
He gasps and moans, rocking his hips.
She collapses on top of him and breaths hard as she kisses his chest softly.
Jason looks down at her. “Well, this is new.”
Sherlock keeps a close watch.
“That’s right. Make noises. Make these people see how much you love my cock.”
John smiles and talks the the children as they all color together.
Sherlock smiles. “I can’t remember ever playing it. Will you teach me?” He asks.
She giggles and blushes harder.
"Plug?" He kisses along his jaw.
“Distracted.” He mumbles.
He smirks a bit. "Mm, is that so? Did Turk already prepare you?"
He smiles and kisses his hands softly.
Eli breathes hard and pulls out of John’s mouth.
“Yes, everything’s fine here. I just wanted to call.”
Greg breathes heavily as he comes down from his orgasm, leaving lazy kisses on her neck.
“Are you sure?”
“Mm. Thank you.”
He frowns. "I.. I know."
He whimpers. “Yes, sir. Making my loads bigger and everything more sensitive, too.”
He mewls at the praise.
He chuckles and dangles his hair in front of him.
“How many more?” John asks, starting to gently massage her belly. “How many do you want to give to Mycroft?”
Greg smiles softly at him. "Didn't know you were so good with kids."
"Tell me.. I want to know all of your fantasies about me.."
**I love you, too.--MH** Sky is talking to the curator of the hall.
He pushes in deeply as he comes hard into her.
“You’re so pretty when you’re like this.” Greg chuckles, playing with her breasts softly.
Sherlock nods. “I just wish I could have helped her. Be kinder.” He whispers. “I love her and I didn’t tell her enough.
He frowns, scrunching his brow in confusion.
Sherlock smirks a bit, amused so he decided to be truthful. “I have a hard time connecting emotionally with people because they’re boring predictable petty creatures who only see me as a freak.”
“Nothing to apologize for, love. If it’s too much I can hold some back.” Greg nuzzle his hair.
He rocks his hips a bit. “Oh fuck..”
"Ah good! Maddeningly good. Oh fuck." He groans.
Sherlock blushes a bit. "Then tell me what they like, Daddy. Tell me how rough they are, Daddy." He licks his lips.
"I love you. I love you so much. I think about you constantly. I ache for you even if you're right beside me. I need you every minutes of the day. I love you so much, My." He holds him and rolls his hips so slowly.
John rolls his eyes, pulling out his wallet and paying the cabbie. He trotted after Sherlock, shoving his hands in his pockets against the chill.
He bites his lip and nods. "Thank you."
Crystal moans softly, her pussy sore but Greg’s cock makes it feel so much better. “I love you too. So much.” She relaxes, her eyelids drooping. “You’re perfect. Your cock is perfect..”
Greg hums appreciatively and licks at his lip.
He gasps and has to stop himself from coming as she hums in his head.
He moans and presses her against the wall, kissing her deeply.
She blushes at the praise and takes him even deeper, swallowing around his cock. ‘Love your cock, Master. So much.’
Crystal mewls, leaning back against her.
He blushes and smiles. "Yeah, I'm excited."
Rachel turns Mycroft over into his back and starts to pound him as she continues to kiss him.
“Jesus Christ.. that was fucking brilliant..”
He looks up at her. ‘I.. you can? And that would work?’
He cries out as he comes hard, squirting around him. "Use me! I'm your little slut!" He knows people can hear him outside but it just turns him on more.
“Because you need to understand this side of me. Nothing is to difficult or to dangerous. I will survive. I will perceiver. I will continue. Humans have nearly died out multiple times. From famine, plague, war, or their own stupidity. But each time I’ve brought them back from the edge. You are at the edge, Greg. Will you let me bring you back? Will you let me help you?” Crystal asks.
He frowns a bit but nods.
“You want to be large? Full of my children? Our children?” John nuzzles him.
“Mm still need more?” He chuckles.
"Nice!" They smile and clap.
Sherlock nuzzles his hand again, sighing softly. "John?" He whispers.
“William. Just like his Daddy.” She smirks and strokes his cock slowly. “I think William needs some siblings, don’t you?”
He hesitates before leaning back against his hand.
Violet mewls against her, closing her eyes.
He smiles and nuzzles him.
“Sky found her.” Sherlock smiles. “This is John. He’s my husband. He’s very nice. Let the kitty smell your hand first, John. It’s shy.”
Half an hour later, John opens the door to 221B, hanging his jacket by the door. "Something smells good." He calls.
“Sure. Who do you want to meet first?” She smiles, tugging on his hair gently.
He blushes and smiles. “Of course.”
He stops himself from whimpering and concentrates on trying to breathe evenly. He sways his hips seductively.
He blushes and kisses him back. "Mm, love you too."
Violet is cuddled with George and Cecil.
"I love you, too.."
"Mm welcome."
He blushes. "Yeah, I'm fine." He glances over at Sky.
They smile and pepper him with kisses.
Sherlock moans and rocks against John, presses his arse back into John’s hands.
John keeps his arms behind him, rocking up into James' hand. He whimpers softly as he locks eyes with Lydia.
“Yup. Just gonna wash my hands.”
He's a bit rusty when it comes to parallel parking but eventually John manages to squeeze them into the space. Once the car is shut off, he hands the keys over to Sherlock and gets out. The neighborhood is what one would typically think of for lower income housing. Not much is manicured and most is overgrown but manageable. Both Sherlock and he carry the groceries while Rosie is in charge of her overnight bag. He leads them to the building, punches in the code for the main door and holds it open for both of them to enter.
"I have fucking paperwork apparently.."
She giggles and blushes.
“Babies?” Nina mumbles as she wakes, rubbing her eyes.
He cuddles him close relaxing in his sleep.
Carol kisses him back deeply, pressing closer.
He smiles and holds him.
Peter blushes and waves shyly. “Hi.”
She kisses him softly.
John giggles and pulls back. “Sherlock stop it. I need to make our breakfasts.” He takes Sherlock’s hand softly. “How are you feeling, hungry at all?”
John moves to sit on the edge of the tub knowing this is going to be a longer conversation then he'd originally thought.
Greg smiles and nuzzles him. "But your hands, oh god. They're so strong and gentle. They're capable of pulling people apart or putting them back together. They're so skilled and they are so good. God, just thinking about your hands could get me hard again." He mumbles as he kisses John's hands.
He smiles softly. ‘I love you.’
Crystal blushes a bit. “Details, pet.”
Sherlock comes back up with the notepad and sees Greg and Mycroft's expressions. He frowns. "What happened?"
Molly beamed. "That sounds wonderful." She admitted. "I've been trying not to eat too many sweet things... I fear this kid will be addicted to egg and cress sandwiches when they're old enough to eat solid food."
He blushes at the praise and looks down at him.
He smirks and grinds against her. "Mm, your arse first."
He smiles softly, covering her hand with his own. "Of course."
He smirks as he gets hard, his cock getting even bigger.
Mycroft kisses Greg hard after glaring at Sherlock who was smirking while stroking him.
Crystal blushes and licks her lips as she looks down at him. “I want to finish what I started.” She purrs and kisses down his body. “No moving.”
Mycroft's eyes widen and he's instantly pulling on sweat pants and his coat. He runs out of the flat, catching a cab and heading for the hospital. "Christ, I'm on my way. What happened? I thought you said he was okay!"
He chuckles softly and smiles.
She gasps and whimpers, wrapping her legs around his hips to keep him close.
“Ready?” She asks gently.
“I know. You’re going to feel bad for some time.” John frowns.
Camille hums and nods, taking the glass.
He frowns. ‘It’s not your fault, baby.’
He frowns, not believing that. "N-No you're not."
“I don’t care. I want them gone.” Sherlock growls. “Probably Mycroft. The military knows it would get a shit storm for infringing on a newly bonded pair. My brother pisses where he likes.” Sherlock goes down and opens the door.
“He says running is always fun.” Nina giggles.
“I think we’ll take a break right now, okay? I may go check on Cecil and Steve.”
Danny stays next to Colin, a bit nervous.
He smiles and kisses him back, blushing as he gets wetter against Greg's chest.
"I love you so much." He mumbles against her lips.
Greg rubs his arm soothingly. He leans against him. "I-I'm here.. I-I've got you.." He whispers reassuringly.
He blushes brighter as he kisses her back. 'I.. r-really?'
“Thank you.” John smiles.
“Mm if you’re willing to provide it.” He smiles, looking at him.
“Mm hello, gorgeous.” Collin grins and pulls Greg in for a kiss.
He still doesn't quite believe him but he nods anyway.
He holds him close as they kiss.
He nods and kisses him back. "I.. I know, I'm just.. I'm still trying to get used to them.."
Sherlock pretended to look affronted. "Same goes for you, John. The only cock you're riding is *mine*." He grins wickedly. Turning to the man, he raises a brow. "Is there something I can help you with, or would you rather come back to our place and discuss matters?" He asked, a cheeky lilt to his voice.
“Mmhmm. We’re releasing certain pressure points to help her body transition from a resting to a labor state. See, feel.” Turk takes John’s hand and presses it to Mel’s belly. “The babies are moving into position. Feel how low it is now?”
He smiles as they approach the restaurant.
"Why would he be playing us?"
He bites his lip and nods. "Y-Yes, Sir.."
Sherlock rocks back against Mycroft for more.
Zack frowns and gets up to follow her.
“Mm who would you suggest?” Violet purrs as Sky kisses along her neck.
“Mm very nice choice.” Morgan grins and leads them to the couch.
"Christ, yes. Have you always been able to do that?"
"Yes..." He mumbles into the kiss.
“You like that huh? Does it feel like my come all over your face?” He asks, slowly trickling it down Sherlock’s neck and chest.
He holds onto him tightly. "I love you.."
Sherlock bucks his hips, gripping his head.
Greg is chain to the ceiling by his wrists. His toes barely touch the ground. He's only in pajama pants. "Mycroft I don't know if you should see this.." John hesitates.
He slowly falls asleep.
"They support the parts of me that they like. The entirety of who I am isn't so welcomed."
“Charles.”
He gurgles softly and touches Sherlock’s face.
John chuckles and holds Sherlock’s hips. “Gorgeous.” He praises, looking down at Sherlock’s small rounded belly.
“Who should we look for next? Did George come back yet?”
He growls and starts to thrust harder again, moaning as he feels her stroking him.
"Really? Like what?"
“I suppose so.” Calvin smiles, chuckling as Jared and Charlotte babbles to each other.
John and Mycroft push Greg and Sherlock onto the bed, smiling as they fall next to each other.
Sherlock kissed back, holding John close.
"I know. We'll make her understand. We'll show her."
Calvin smirks as he look over at them, whispering to Todd.
He blushes and relaxes.
Sherlock nods. “That’s fine.” He hums, thinking he’d probably not be sleeping anyway.
"A bit. I want to hear more."
Greg balances along the branch, willing it to not break. He gets to the end and believes he can jump to the next one, so he jumps and lands it. A jump that no ordinary human could make. He smiles and runs along in the trees.
She hums happily and kisses him back.
John whimpers as he tries to get any kind of friction.
She blushes. "Thank you."
He grins and kisses him back. “Mm, you love it.”
"Two sisters and a father.." He smiles softly.
Sherlock hesitates before answering. “Hullo?”
John is sitting on the couch and drinking tea.
"Good boy." He praises and leans into kiss him.
He smiles and goes to hug her. "Course I want a hug from you, kid."
He whimpers a bit, arching and rocking back. "God.. brilliant.."
'Mm what do you want, Daddy? I want to make you feel good.'
I will share your road.." He sings to John softly.
He purrs and smiles up at him.
She smiles and kisses him. 'I don't think I've ever been this horny in my life.'
He laughs. "Oh you know I love you."
Mycroft makes his way into John's room and smiles fondly.
“Sky wants me to go on missions. To free them.” He whispers.
Ooh in the name of love
His face scrunches. "Why're you callin me that..? Tha's jawn's nickname for me.."
"Can I fuck you here?"
“I could make it worth your while. Very worth your while. Nothing you’d feel guilty about sharing. Just general information.” The man assures him.
He smiles softly and follows him out.
"Mm I also like to be held down and fucked when I'm stressed but this was the better option at the moment." He smiles and takes a drag.
He blushes and nods
Mycroft slowly calms down. He looks over at Sherlock. "Where did you go?" He asks not knowing Sherlock took a call from Greg.
Greg kisses him back and John kisses his back.
Sherlock smiles proudly and gives Maximus a treat.
"Alright." He smiles and nods.
“Mm. You’re going to leak through your trousers. Everyone will be able to tell how horny you are. How much of a slut you are for Daddy.”
“It’s behind there isn’t it?” Sky asks and nods to the wall they’re standing in front of, knowing since there’s no energy behind the wall since she’s being blocked.
"Mm.. You're comfortable."
He kisses her back softly. "Bryan said he'd test me to see if I was fertile."
John smirks and rams into Morna without delay, fucking her fast and ruthlessly. Just how she likes it.
"Legs crossed." She giggles and crosses her legs keeping his cum inside her.
He frowns. "There's no logic to it.. No facts.."
Sky watches the jet take off. "Ready?" She asks Turk as their plane pulls up.
"Mm, where are we going?"
“Mm, brilliant. You’ve got a brother, now.”
John relaxes his jaw and throat and takes in as much as Sherlock’s member as he can, his nose brushing Sherlock’s hair.
He whimpers. "I.. I want them to use my mouth.. And my arse.."
He smiles brightly and kisses him back. "Absolutely brilliant.."
"Yeah..." Sherlock blushed.
Sherlock hums as he pulls on his tight v-neck. “Mm, John, should I wear shorts?” He looks through his shorts, staying longer at the booty shorts.
The ride to the club was quiet, but Sherlock kept one hand on John's thigh, squeezing gently every now and again. Paying the cabbie as he deposited them at the club, he added a tip. "Thanks." He murmured.
He blushes brighter, smiling softly. "Oh.."
Turk nods and they go get the bus.
He smirks and snaps his hips. “Such a good boy for Daddy.”
He kisses her back deeply, letting her taste herself.
He whimpers and bites his lip as he goes to sit in his chair.
Sherlock smiles over at Margaret. “You love John don’t you.”
“Come sit with me, John.” Sherlock pats the couch next to him.
He smiles shyly and blushes as he fixes him.
He rubs his thighs and kisses his chest.
"Maybe the pants." Sherlock smirked.
They all stand when she comes out.
"Mm yeah.." He kisses his head.
“I think so.” She nods and nuzzles him back.
‘You love it. That I smell like them. Like you. You’ve marked me as yours. You mate. Your breeding bitch.’ She whimpers softly, knowing her growing wetness is making her scent even stronger.
He smiles and wraps his arm around his waist.
He smiles happily.
Mycroft frowns and looks down at his hands.
She kisses him back deeply as she holds him close, rocking with him. “Deep. So deep.” She gasps softly as she feels him nudge her cervix, not knowing it was possible to be fucked that deep.
Mycroft smirks as he soon finishes his food.
Camille is out of her room and heading down to the library to help with the research, as she sees Anthea. “My child,” she smiles softly. “How are we feeling? You shouldn’t be up and about so quickly after your transformations.”
Mycroft sits on the bed beside Sherlock. “How are you feeling?” He asks, “do you feel stronger than before?”
Sherlock blushes as he scrubs, from John's words rather than the exertion from scrubbing. “It’s starting to come up but I don’t think they come out completely.”
He blushes, excited by the idea that everyone could watch them.
“But I know you’ll make it up to me later.” She purrs, biting and pulling his bottom lip gently and she sinks back down to her feet. She smirks and walks back to the porch, relaxing until the game is over.
“You’re such a messy little slut.” He conjures a plug. “Now I’m going to keep you plugged up until I’m ready to fuck you.” He states, pushing the plug into her vagina without anymore warning. He straps her to the rack and position her for her breasts to be in line with his face. “Comfy, my baby whore?” He asks
A little while later with four new semi conservative outfits, Sabine fastened the buttons of her blouse. "Thank you, Irene..." She murmurs softly.
“They look like us.” John chuckles.
"Alright?" He murmurs softly, relaxing against him.
Greg groans as he looks up at Sherlock.
He smiles softly as her hands run through his sparse chest hair.
He sighs and bites his lip. "He told me he loved me and I didn't return his feelings.."
He smiles happily as he pets the cubs more.
“Who’s is it?”
He gasps and whimpers, leaking against her tits as she rubs them against his cock.
"Pity... I would have loved to show him what Omegas are capable of..." They both fall silent for a time. Then a thought dawns on him, "What about the other omegas? The other ones he and his father took?"
Sherlock mewls and kisses him back deeply, his cunt still throbbing.
Sky nods and opens Steve’s pants, looking up at him as she starts to suck his cock. “Mm oh yes. She’s pretty good.” Steve groans, hand fisted in her hair.
"Mm. I don't know. It's hard when everyone's sleeping."
"Please.. I need that.. Slow and loving and oh so full.."
"Of course." She kisses him.
He groans and bucks his hips.
"Thanks, mum." He smiles softly.
“Definitely.” Sherlock smirks.
Anthea smiles and unlocks the door, letting Molly go first. She knew they were in the house and wanted Molly to be surprised.
“Mm should I pull out of you?”
He licks his lips and smirks. “It’s so big. Sure you can handle it?”
John's about to comment when Sherlock's lips press against his. He moans against the contact, shifting closer before getting frustrated with their positioning. He pulls back and after a bit of maneuvering, swings his leg over Sherlock's lap. "That's better," he says softly before wrapping his arms around Sherlocks neck and pulling him back into a heated kiss.
"Sherlock, do you want to come in and meet Tyson?" Sky asks and pets the lion's head as he sits next to her.
He smiles and takes him up to a room.
He smiles happily and relaxes.
He tips his head up to get a kiss.
Turk smiles as he comes into the sitting room. "Mm, hello love."
He gasps and moans as Mycroft fills him.
She kisses his neck and smiles. "We should go soon.."
"Have you guys decided?" Jacob smiles.
Sherlock's cock twitched before filling John again.
"Why not?" She cuddles him.
“However it’ll be easier for you to suck cock.”
"Yes...Greg has a suit kink too." Sherlock replied as they went home.
She blushes and kisses her back, moaning as she tastes her pussy on her lips.
Mycroft smiles. "I'm glad."
He stepped into the shower behind Sherlock and wasted no time. He crowded his chest against Sherlock's back, pushing his belly up against the wall with a playful growl. He kept one hand braced on the shower wall while the other snaked around to grab Sherlock's cock.
He holds him and rubs his back gently.
"Of course."
He hums as the waiter come back.
Anthea follows after her.
“Course.” She smiles.
He presses closer to her. "Before you, the police academy was all I had. I was afraid that I wasn't going to make it in, so I went to the bar to drink away my anxiety. I was always so afraid of everything. Of people finding out about me. But then I saw you. I saw you and I immediately felt like everything was going to be okay. That's why I sent over the drink and I'm still amazed that you actually came over. I'm so thankful that you did."
Sky smirks and swallows him back down, lips pressed to his skin.
“I’d be honored, Sir.” She grins and kneels in front of him.
She cries out and squirts.
He smiles and hums.
"Jaw, Jaw, Jawn!" Danny babbles.
“Feels good. Like I keep wanting more if you side me.” Sherlock blushes, never having felt this before.
Dark nods and leaves.
He smiles and gets out some baking supplies. He starts measuring and pouring things into a bowl.
He leads her to the entrance of the enclosure.
Greg smiles and intertwines their fingers.
"Okay." She nods.
John locked himself in the bathroom. He just needed a minute. He took a few deep breaths and then went to the sink to splash some water on his face. He had forgotten this panicky feeling. How had he forgotten? A week in the hospital, and it had erased the sensation he had lived with for so long – being attracted to your flatmate and not being able to act on it.
“I don’t like it when people say that zoos aren’t nice. That’s not true.”
He smiles and relaxes.
Mycroft smiles softly. "It's a bit much, I know... But I thought that you'd like to try French cuisine like this... I don't know." He wiped his mouth with the napkin and bit his lip. "Last is cheese, and then coffee. I'll understand if you are getting full, though." He chuckled.
Sherlock remains unconscious the entire ride but seems more relaxed when John is near.
John pants and smiles up to Sherlock. “Thank you, sir, for filling me up and letting me come.”
Mycroft smirks thrusting harder. John turns over to look at Greg, frowning when Greg isn’t there.
She blushes and smiles shyly as John chuckles, smiling proudly.
"Just stuff for my mom."
"Amazing." John nods.
“Yes yes yes.” John chants.
"Nothing makes me feel as good as you do."
He blushed and takes her hand, letting her pull him to them.
“That’s good, bevause I have a second punnet. I’ll finish feeding you this punnet and fill you with the second.” She chuckles, “I’ve always wanted to stretch a vagina.” She smiles as she pops a few grapes into Morna’s mouth, grinding against her stomach as she did so.
He kisses her back softly.
"Ohh look at you." Chloe smiles. "Excited?"
“Are you stretched?” Morgan kisses his back. “At the same time?” Issac asks.
“Mm, yeah..” John mumbles.
John pushes into his mouth, holding his head by his hair as he thrusts into his mouth.
He smiles and hums as he pours her a glass as well.
She whines and pulls on the tie starting to get desperate to touch him.
He smiles softly. 'Everything's okay.'
He hums happily and smiles.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says softly, upset John didn’t tell him he grew up breakfast but relieved John agrees to go to the doctor if it continues.
"You're so good to me.."
“Mm yeah.” She nods.
John hums and smiles.
He smiles. "Of course."
Kia grins and hugs John happily.
John was in sweat pants and a t-shirt. He smiles. "I'll make sure Sherlock's ready."
Greg kisses Mycroft’s forehead and gets up, getting a washcloth to clean Mycroft up before himself. “Drink.” He says softly, holding a bottle of water to Mycroft’s lips.
As they finish, Mycroft pulls back to look at him, his eyes filling with tears.
He nods. “Alright.”
They head down stairs where a car is waiting for them.
He smiles as he relaxes with them.
Sherlock licks up Mycroft's come and Collin pulls him close by his hair. He kisses Sherlock deeply sharing Mycroft's come.
"I'm right here, baby." He rocks his fingers and rubs his prostate as he sucks his bollocks.
"Goodnight." He smiles and heads to his room.
Greg nods. “I know. I just... I just feel bad for who I am. Like I could scare you all.”
Mycroft groans as he’s lifted and turned upside down.
Whoa, oh, oh, oh
"Good boy." He praises and fucks him with the plug slowly.
"That's my daughter," she pointed to one of the girls playing with Rosie. "Looks like they're becoming fast friends." She gave him a smile even though he was ignoring her, "do you live around here? We just moved into the neighbourhood."
Violet moans and comes hard around them, her cunt milking their cocks.
“Not really. He’s starting me off on easy ones.”
“Do I?” He teases.
"You did so good, love. So good." Mycroft kisses him softly.
She smiles and sits with him, handing out plates.
He blushes and smiles softly, pressing his head into John's hand.
"Mmm, so I've heard." John chuckles. "A very observant chap, if playing cards with you is anything to go by."
Collin pounds into her, crying out as he comes hard, filling her.
John nods as they get out.
He smiles and leans against him.
Sherlock blushes as he waits.
She smiles. “Amazing.”
He nuzzles her. ‘Of course, thank you.’
‘A few hundred years ago her family came here. Immigrated. But there’s no record of them before coming here. The documents were fakes. Good fakes but fakes none the less. I still have to do some more snooping but I have a hunch why. If I’m right I’ll let you know.’
‘I’ll send you a plane ticket and fake ID to leave the country. You have two days to prepare.’
'You can always have my cunt. But then again I'm not the only pussy open to you these days.' Sky purrs.
Turk hums as he relaxes.
Sherlock sits up, grinning.
Jason hums softly, cuddled into him.
Sherlock rocks his finger slowly and pulls off John’s cock with a pop. “Gorgeous.” He kisses the tip of John’s cock and then sucks on it in just the way that would make John’s toes curl if he could move them.
“I’m good.” Lydia shakes her head. “No. It just takes time for the energy to come back. I’ll tell you if it gets low.”
Sherlock laughs quietly. "Well, that was easy."
Crystal whines softly and presses closer. She loves the feeling of him balls deep inside her but she need more. She needs to feel him against her. “If you promise to keep hold of the headboard I’ll let you take me from behind.”
The staff take their orders from a preset menu and soon their food comes out.
Greg shakes his head. "No not all the time. I mean just sometimes.. More recently.. I know it sounds stupid because I have everything that I need or want.." He bites his lip. "It's just that everything has been so heavy lately. The stuff with Ford, me being  tortured, you and John getting blow to hell, Sherlock's problems now, and that doesn't even begin to cover my parents!..." He sighs and rubs his temples. "Sorry. I'm fine. I'll get over everything soon and it'll be fine." He smiles at Mycroft.
“He paced for an hour. Waiting or something. He umm he….” The addict falls asleep. “Oi mate wake up there.” John snaps his fingers a few times. “Humm? What? He waited and got angrier and angrier. His phone rang and he answered it. He started shouting “What do you mean not tonight?!?! They won’t keep! Fine I’ll just have to get fresh product.” He walked away after he made plans with the buyer to meet here tomorrow night.” The addict sniffles and wipes their nose.
Sherlock blushes, hesitating before getting up from John’s lap and going over to him.
"You're going to hurt yourself with all that." Turk chuckles. "But it's sooooo good." Sky hums happily as her eyes tear up at the spiciness. Turk just chuckles and kisses her head, noting this as the start of her weird pregnancy cravings.
He relaxes a bit.
She presses closer trying to touch every part of his body to as much of hers as possible.
“Hello, buddy. Look at you!”
Sherlock gasps and blushes, pushing back for more. “Your good boy, sir.”
"Mm, three boys peeing on us while we're changing nappies..." John leans against Sherlock for a moment then stands. "You, cake, bath." He says taking Sherlock's wine and his sparkling water he heads upstairs to the large bathroom he'll be sharing with his parents.
He rubs his back. "I love you, Bee.."
He smiles and cuddles into him.
“How’s he been?”
“I hurt Crystal because I was ignorant. I didn’t know she could be hurt. I didn’t know any of you could. You're dead. I didn’t know you could feel pain.” Greg frowns. “I was wrong and stupid. I’m sorry I willfully hurt her.”
“Do you know why you’re feeling that way?”
Cecil kisses Mycroft’s head softly and  cuddles him.
He slowly swirls his tongue around his hole, rubbing his hips.
Greg nods. “Crystal mainly.” He hums. “But then she’s going to help me control my powers.” He explains. “I can do somethings. Something for Sherlock.”
He arches his back, mewling. "Oh yes.."
She blushes, chewing on her lip. "I.. I like the idea of water sports.."
“Christ..”
“Yes, Doctor.” Sherlock kisses him.
"God yes please." He whimpers and begs.
He smirks and rubs his thumb over his bottom lip.
He kisses him and pushes a lubed finger into him. "I'm right here, Sherlock.."
He cries out as he comes again. "Please! Fill me! I need it!"
**It seems like you guys are in there every five minutes. You are running out of days fast. The Superintended is getting fed up with this. You haven't worked in weeks and you could loose your job..--Donovan**
John nods and holds Sherlock close. “We’ll work everything out. I’m not leaving you.”
Sherlock smiles and kisses John head. “That’s good. You shouldn’t have fed me as much as you did. You could have died.” He whispers sadly.
"Such a good boy."
Turk hums softly. "Mm.."
Finally seated within Sherlock, John fights to gain his composure. "All right?" He whispers.
"That's right. Daddy gets to fuck you whenever he wants. No matter where we are. A good little slut will drop her panties whenever Daddy wants."
John points to his flat belly. Within seconds it was growing rapidly with an empty womb.
"Not sure... my body is fighting back. It's been..." He whimpers a bit and tries to think, "ten years since my last heat. Not enough is known about Omega's who suppress their biology long term. It just... isn't done."
“As would my Sire.” Sherlock looks at John, frightened at having to fight him.
Michael blushes brighter and gasps softly, letting his eyes fall closed.
Greg has to roll John out of his way. He kisses Mycroft deeply and he pushes into him against, feeling John's come leak out of Mycroft's arse.
“Your energy can still feel pain. It can carry the scars of your death.” Mycroft states. “Do you know of the ring’s importance?” He asks, he knows that if she mentions Camille being hosted by Sherlock just once, he will drop her
He huffs and shakes his head. “If you had made her come and tremble on your knot you could have doubled that number.”
"What?" He smirks and sucks on his lip.
'I should have just had him run over.' Sky hums in his head, looking out to opposite window.
“Good. Now toast.” John smiles.
“Yes yes. That’s brilliant. I’ll give birth to a few and let you fuck more into me and then do it over and over again.” She moans and rides his harder, swelling faster and her cunt getting tighter around him.
Zack smiles and kisses her cheek as he passes by.
Crystal waddles over and sits in his lap, leaning against his warm body.
He closes his eyes, tipping his head back. “Where shall we go?”
Turk smirks as a small crowd forms around them, hearing her threaten him.
Mycroft hums softly as he wakes and pulls Greg closer.
"Fucking gorgeous prat." He moans and bucks his hips.
He smiles softly and cuddles against him.
"Mm a dirty whore who you're giving the chance to carry your baby. What does that say about you?" She moans and arches as he starts to thrust, making the huge plug fuck her as well.
Sherlock blushes and hides his face.
"She looked okay. Beat up but okay." Greg sighs as he drives fast, his knuckles white on the steering wheel.
Mycroft smirks at Sherlock's mess in his pants. "Seems you have done the same.."
"Do you want to touch anything before I cuff you?" She she gets wetter over his cock and plays with the cuffs in her hands.
She blushes. "It's not always like this.."
She nods, hospitals always putting her on edge.
Pete relaxes his throat and moans happily around him.
He drinks slowly.
He smiles softly.
He smiles softly and leans in to kiss him before sitting back, spreading his legs so Mycroft can have his cock. "Good boys make their Daddy feel good. Come make me feel good."
He hums softly, massaging his head.
45 minutes later, she came from backstage and looked at the two of them. "Hope I didn't bore you too much." She grinned. "But at least you didn't get up to anything naughty while I was talking."
He blushes and bites his lip. "A bit, yes.."
"Mm yes."
He moans and arches. "Love you, Daddy.."
“Feels even better.” Turk chuckles softly and leads him to the bed.
She looks to Sky, making sure it was okay before slowly moving closer to Sherlock.
He hums and leans over to kiss him. “Mm. Missed you.”
Sherlock nods, spurred on by Mycroft's words. He takes a few more shaky steps until he's in Mycroft's arms.
He moans loudly around Eli’s cock, knowing he was right.
"Yeah. You wanna go see?" He smiles.
"Such a good boy." He slicks his fingers and eases one into him.
"I love you, too.. So much.."
He moans and thrusts harder, getting close.
"Thank you," John laughs as Sherlock screws his face into mocked seriousness. "Arse," he says fondly while doing his best to make Sherlock work for every inch of skin.
He blushes brighter and smiles shyly. "Yeah.." He relaxes a bit. "Oh, Michael wanted to see you, Sky."
“Wonderful.”
They all cuddle up with him.
Leona starts crying, “I- I’ll leave you.” She says rubbing at her stomach as she leaves the room.
She gasps and whimpers. "Not a very good liar."
He bites at his neck as he finishes.
“You want mistress to kiss you, darling?” She smirks and straddles him.
"Your judgment was clouded."
He nips at his lips.
He grips his arse tightly, pulling him closer. "You can come after I do, understand?" He spanks his arse and thrusts harder.
He frowns. "Please.. Sky, I love you."
He lurches forward. "Two, thank you, Sir!"
She hums happily and cuddles into him. “I hope I am. I really want to be.”
"Mm I'll eat you out first.. Open you.. Stretch you and plug you with the biggest plug we have.."
Greg puts on a pair of sweatpants and goes downstairs. "Nightmare?" He asks Sherlock they stand in the kitchen while he makes tea.
John nods and whines desperately. “Maggie fuck me.”
They hum happily and cuddle him.
'Mm Mommy needed your cock for her pussy. So you could fill her with babies. You did such a good job. Made Mommy so big and full. Now you get to have Mommy's cunt and mouth and arse whenever you want.' She takes him even deeper, rolling his balls in her hand just the way he likes.
He smiles softly and nuzzles him.
He licks his lips. “Love it.”
“What can I do for you?” Sky kisses her throat and rubs her belly. “Anything. Anything you could want.”
“You seem surprised. Why?” Eli raises a brow.
She giggles and kisses him back.
He smirks. "Almost there."
“How happy and light you make me feel.” Sherlock smiles softly.
He whimpers and moans loudly at the praise, sliding his tongue into her.
"Sociopath." Sherlock corrects and rolls his eyes. "I am happy for him. At least he has someone to distract him from time to time."
Sabine is quiet. "Now that he's dead, I'd rather not let him keep a physical embodiment here in the real world, if I spout his name." She murmured, finally. "But I don't think I need to describe to you how he ordered my life... very little contact with friends, of which I had very few, a low calorie, low salt diet, hence why I look the way I do, and why I have so many scars. I wasn't allowed to ask questions, in case I improved my knowledge of the world." She looked away. "I'm trying to break free of the shell he constructed for me... hence why I ask about your rates... I want to learn."
Sherlock hums softly, nuzzling into his hand.
He moans loudly. "Daddy.. Yes.. Oh Christ, yes.."
He smirks. "Well, lets go get ready."
He curls up against his chest.
He smiles fondly. "I can see why Mikey loves your blush.." He signs.
Greg nuzzles Mycroft's chest.
“Mm?” Crystal nuzzles him.
He pulls him into his lap, kissing him deeply. "That's right.."
“Oh Christ..” He groans, his cock pulsing inside of her.
Danny giggles and holds onto him.
Sherlock holds him close in position and smoothly glides them around the floor turning and swaying gracefully.
Mycroft sits to wait.
The cat purrs happily as it finishes eating.
Camille chuckles. “If he’s the cleverest one then we may just stand a chance.” She smiles.
'I suppose I've got a part two, but that can wait for my turn.'
"You're going to fucking ruin him, Greg.. While John and I watch."
He gasps loudly and moans. "Yes!"
He smiles softly. "It's still a good sign."
“Jo-!” Myropis never finishes, his body exploding and the particles scattered away until nothing was left.
"Mm you are delectable.." Mycroft moans softly as he sucks on his finger, his eyes roaming to John.
"Greg, carry Sherlock to the car." Sky says to calmly.
He strokes him faster now, with a slight twist of the writs at the end.
Closing the lid he places both items on the top then walks quickly over to Sherlock and roughly grabs his chin, forcing the man to look down at him.
'I love you, too.. So much.' He whispers.
He blushes and nods. "Please."
"Who wants to tell him?"
He holds his hips and rocks slowly.
He whimpers and nods.
John nods and tries to stand but finds himself pinned under Sherlock. “Do I need a plug in, sir?” He asks softly.
She swats him playfully on her way to inspect the leftover cereal then eyes the triplets. "Happy birthday you three." Then she leans in and kisses each parent on the cheek. She pats Sherlock on the back and says "Thinking about Gramps again, aren't you, Dad?"
"Always, handsome.." He nuzzles him back.
"Just let me know when you need me, or when you need space. I'm still just a bloke at heart and I'm not great at reading between the lines."
Greg moans loudly, coming more as George strokes him.
He adds a third, rocking them deeper.
"I love you, too.." She rubs her thumb over his knuckles. "You need to get dressed to go out tonight."
He kisses her deeply as he starts thrusting. "God, you always feel so good."
She moans loudly as she looks up at him.
“You could give her time, all the time she wants, and as a human.” Sherlock whispers, “if you offer her that first, she will go for it. She would prefer to be human and immortal that a vampire and immortal. She wants to serve you Mycroft. I don’t understand why you don’t let her.” He frowns.
He blushes and whimpers, his cock leaking. “Yummy cum.”
*And I’d like to tell you but I’ve got to go now, love.-JW*
"That was delicious."
Camille sighs. “What was it like Anthea? Growing up here?” She asks softly.
He bites his lip and picks out a red jumper. "Is this one okay?"
"I wouldn't have wanted you to do anything different. I still loved you after you left. I didn't stop until I had to. I still love you, just not in the same way."
"Of course." Turk chuckles softly and smiles.
Sherlock arches up a bit as his body adjusts to taking them. He rocks his hips the best he can, trying to get them deeper inside, needing more.
She nods and smiles softly. “So..”
He frowns as he takes the ultrasound. "I.. I should've been there. I'm sorry."
“I love you too.” Udos says softly, he gently turns Sherlock over and holds him close to his chest. “You’ll always be safe here.”
“Good. Show her how a good girl takes cock.” Chloe smirks and teases Mel’s swollen slick pussy lips with single finger, dragging it over them slowly. Mel moans around his cock and trembles at Chloe’s finger.
He smirks and kisses her again. "Mm, I'm guessing you've got it in?"
Mycroft holds John close.
Mycroft smiles and nuzzles John.
“Mother’s birthday is in a month and a half. I suppose we could surprise her.” Sherlock hums.
He blushes brightly, trembling.
He smiles and kisses him. "You're adorable."
He moans and kisses him back nearly desperate.
He moans and swallows everything eagerly.
"Of course." She smiles and kisses him softly. "I told you that you don't need to hold back with me. Whatever you want. Whatever you need. Just tell me and I'll make it happen." She nuzzles him and lubes her fingers. "Spread your legs for me, handsome."
He smiles a bit and nods, always liking bath bombs. He goes to the drawer and picks out an apple bath bomb.
"You feel so good.. Can't get enough.."
He blushes and nods, his cock twitching in his pants. “Please, Miss?”
"Yes." Sherlock whispered.
John gets in and rests back against Sherlock's chest.
"Tea and some food please. For me?"
He nuzzles him and smiles.
“Oh darling, you’re glowing.” Irene goes to Molly and kisses her cheeks.
He mewls, looking up at Ms. Cheyenne, wanting to be dominated.
He tips his head up to kiss him.
“Special hug?” Nina tilts her head.
She relaxes against him, humming softly.
Maggie blushes and nods, going slower.
Greg looks to Mycroft, smirking as he follows Sherlock.
He snuggles him close and holds him.
Mycroft has to keep his voice level as his eyes well up. “Hello, darling.”
"I love you." He smiles and goes back out to the car.
She leans against him a bit and nods.
“Ohh Okay.” Clark nods.
He blushes and whimpers. He leans in and kisses Mycroft deeply.
"Oh.." Sherlock frowns a bit and gets up heading to the kitchen knowing John and Mycroft will follows him. Greg is working on heating up dinner.
He nods. "Don't let him get into your head. Don't waste your time on an explanation."
Sherlock hums and kisses John back tenderly. He doesn’t know if his idea will work, but it is the best one they have.
She kisses and sucks at his neck.
“Oh darling.” Irene takes her hand gently. “You were signed over to a cruel unworthy man. You deserve so much better.”
He slowly calms down in his brothers arms still having random fits of giggles. "We're both daft." He giggles.
"It was good. They're good. Very healthy. Strong heartbeats." She smiles happily and shows him the picture.
She kisses him back and smiles.
Chloe's sisters squeal and crowd around her after Zack puts the ring on her finger.
She takes him into her mouth, taking him down her throat.
He bites his lip and nods. “The man who was in here before, Turk, he and his wife will be the ones to help Harry.”
He kisses him softly, thankful that their masks didn't cover their mouths.
Turk showers quickly, getting out and getting dressed, not ready for them to see the thick scars all over his body.
He licks and sucks at her clit as he eases two fingers into her.
He whimpers and rocks into his hand. “Can’t help it, Daddy..”
Enjoy the final chapter of this fic! Be on the look out for a part two eventually!
She giggles and smiles.
"Fuck I love you so much."
‘Come find me and I’ll get you off.’ Sky purrs in Dark’s Head, knowing he hadn’t gotten off yet.
"Mm.. Tell me your name, peasant."
Michael nods to Dark.
She holds him close and watches him sleep. ‘How’s it going?’ She hums in Turks head.
Michael smiles softly.
John curls up in his arms, pressing against him.
She hums happily and smiles against his lips. "Mm I don't know if I'll be able to let you go back across the pond.." She mumbles against his lips.
He moans breathily. “Oh fuck, Violet..”
He cuddles into him and falls asleep.
"Shush." She blushes. "I feel fat and this is comfortable so no making funny. My sister Amy sent it to me since she couldn't make it for Christmas."
He pulls out his cock and hums. “Of course, dear.” He pushes into her mouth.
George bites her neck, thrusting into her.
"I think that's all for now, dear. We'll call out if we need you." Mrs. Bronx smiles.
He leads her to a Husky.
He gasps and arches, raising his arse up for more. “Yes, Sir!”
He nuzzles him back and giggles softly.
"You just make things so easy. Because you're just there and I know you're going to be there when I need you.." He kisses his head.
“Huge.”
“Please!” He begs and rocks back against him.
Sherlock whimpers and arches. “Mikey.”
Sherlock blushes and nods.
He blushes a bit but leans over to whisper to Chloe. "I want nothing more than for you to tie me up and use me until I've got nothing left."
"Ohh Daddyyyyy." She mewls, hips rocking.
John laughed. "Whatever you want, sweetheart."
You're part of a machine, you are not a human being,
He smiles and kisses Sherlock happily.
"Mm. You're so sexy.."
Sherlock nods. “We should let Morna decide. Though, when she wakes we should hold a banquet for her. Let everyone praise her and feed her and spoil her rotten.” He smiles.
He smiles softly and nods, kissing Mycroft’s cheek.
Margaret blushes and turns, kissing Sherlock deeply. “You are so wonderful, you know that?”
Mycroft smiles and moves to kiss him. “Eli’s got a meeting.”
“Like hell I’ll stay in bed when there is a potential serial killer about. I get off on the danger just as much as you, if not more.” John winks at him.
He takes a breath, closing his eyes as he relaxes his body, dropping the illusion. He keeps his eyes closed, biting his lip. “N-No.. you can look..”
Three sets of feet make their way up the stairs. John lets out a resigned sigh and undoes the top three buttons of his shirt. Every Omega knows this scenario.
'I love you, too.' She whispers, cuddling into him.
Sally smiles softly as she eats.
He blushes and relaxes against him.
“I can do that. If you trust a blind woman driving.” Pythia chuckles.
Greg pulls him closer and kisses him back.
He pulls her closer and moves to kiss her neck.
He kisses her head softly.
Turk licks his lips as he watches her walk.
Sherlock stands and holds John’s coat out for him. “I love you dearly, I’m so glad Stamford put us together.”
He whimpers and moans at the growl. “Please, Daddy. Spank me. I’ve been a bad boy.”
Collin bites his lip and nods.
He gasps and moans as he’s spanked, his cock leaking.
Greg sleeps for the night, his arms wrapped protectively around Crystal.
Morna moans and arches, her cunt dripping around his massive cock. “Seven!” She whines.
Turk smirks. “Taking a horse cock, hm?”
He mewls and blushes. “Always need you, Daddy.”
“How are you doing?” He smiles softly.
Tyson purrs happily and bumps Sherlock's hand with his head wanting to be pet more.
He dries off his hands. “Is Sam my other daddy?” He asks suddenly.
He slowly takes him down.
"Mm, you're so big, Mummy." Mycroft hums softly.
“Such a good boy. You took all their cum. You did such a good job.” She bites at his throat.
He focused on the scents from Speedy's, picking apart the various smoked meats he used in his sandwiches. Until a noise behind him made him pull his head in from the window and spin around.
"Of course." He smiles and takes his hand.
“Dirty boy.” He chuckles.
Dark mounts her, pushing in immediately.
“M-me?” The intern squeaks.
"Mm.. maybe we should take you home and let the others fuck you to move it along."
John felt something tighten in his chest as he brushed his fingers over the many scars. "Do they hurt?" He whispers.
He hesitates. "But she will be okay?"
“Mm?” Sherlock looks to John. “Oh no I’m fine. I was just.. looking.” He blushes having been caught.
"No it's not. Its not your fault at all. It's Ford's fault. Neither you nor Greg did anything to deserve this." John says. Greg gets strapped down to a table. "Oh knives now?" Greg asks as he sees the glint of a blade.
"Yes please. Fill me over and over. When your done I want you to plug my pussy so not a single drop gets out as my cunt drinks it all in. Making me a mummy." She mewls, rubbing her clit.
He hums as their bath starts to cool.
He smiles happily.
Mrs. Hudson frowns and nods. “Yes.” She grabs her purse and her phone.
John lets out a sigh. He’s disappointed but he knows there will be time for them later. “Come on then, you two, let’s go to the pet store. Family trip,” he says with a smile, holding his hand out to help Sherlock up off the floor.
She whimpers and rides him harder, moaning loudly as he pops past her cervix.
He kisses his head and holds him.
John stops Sherlock before he can head out again. He pulls his mate into his arms and does his best not to cry. "They're all growing up." He sniffles.
“Oh that’s fun. Where are you going?” She smiles.
Sherlock moans loudly and blushes brightly. "I-I want that. A-after I fuck John. I want you to."
Michael falls asleep with Sky and Dark
He whimpers at his words, nearly coming at the thought. “Yes sir. I want to watch you fuck my wife. Watch you please her, breed her.”
Mycroft growls and pulls him closer, glad that John was putting up a fight.
"You want us to take you home and fix that?" He smirks and rubs his hand over Sherlock's hip.
"When I first took over this.. Business it was like this. Scary and dangerous. If I could get through that then we can get through this now."
He moans and starts to thrust harder.
She nuzzles him and let's him adjust.
He blushes, rocking back onto his cock and into Mel’s mouth. “Love it, sir. Feels fucking brilliant. Love having you so deep inside me.” John comes up behind Mel, rubbing his cock against her cunt. “Mm.. mind if I join?”
They both relax against him.
He relaxes with him, spooning him.
He nods and smiles happily.
He blushes more and tips his head back a bit.
"Yes!" She moans and rides him harder. "You feel so good. So big."
He smiles happily.
He leans in and kisses him softly.
He continues to grind their cocks together, whimpering softly.
He kisses him back deeply.
"Please." He begs desperately, spreading his legs wider.
He bites his lip and nods, nuzzling him back.
He kisses his head softly.
“He won’t starve. He still has his regular food that has everything he needs. It’s not good for him to be overweight. If he gets too heavy he won’t be able to play with you.” Sherlock explained.
James tosses Greg his phone, checking through his own messages and missed calls.
He moans loudly. "Christ.."
He blushes brightly and whimpers. "Please.."
He whimpers. "Yes, Daddy. Very close."
“Anything.” Clark smiles softly.
“Agreed.” Mycroft nods and pulls out his phone. “Congratulations, little brother. John.” He hums and leaves them.
Sherlock gently scoops Rosie up and lays her in her bed when she’s asleep. He tucks her in and kisses her head before going out to the living room to John. “The homeless network doesn’t tell me anything about what you’re doing. They’re just an extra layer of protection. They only contact me if there’s danger. That’s it.” He tells John quietly.
“Love carrying babies. Especially yours.” Morna nuzzles him.
"Please what? Tell me what my little slut wants."
“Mm. Is that so? Well, why wait? I’d love to play now.” Violet hums.
“I like Thomas. Sean is a bit of a Bond villain.” Sherlock rubs John’s thigh gently.
He arches and moans. “Yes, god, yes.”
“Mm.. okay.”
“Mm she really is.” Carol mumbles as she stands with her back to one of the walls, using the water massage feature on his back and neck.
“If you were interested in her.” Mycroft shrugs.
Sherlock gasps softly and stills. He nods after a moment and goes back to John.
Mycroft smirks a bit and drinks.
Mycroft smirks and takes a sip of champagne.
She squeezes his hand gently.
Sherlock smiles into the kiss.
"I know.. That's why I do some of the things I do. I know they don't seem to make sense at the time but later if I need to I can call in hundreds of different favors from some of the most powerful people all across the globe. I'd do anything to keep Mycroft safe. Anything to keep all of you safe.." She hums.
He kisses him back, letting him control the pace.
Mycroft all but purrs with the feel of hands in his hair. His sandwich finished, his eyes flutter closed.
She puts on an old Bollywood movie they used to watch when they were little and sits next to him. "You okay?"
He whimpers and nods, moving to get onto his hands and knees. "Please.." He pushes his arse back for her.
Slipping off the shirt stiffly, she shows her arms, chest and back covered with the cigar burns scars, and breasts covered in long white scars from cutting. She hung her head, sadly.
"I can't wait to have an actual father.."
He smiles and curls up in his arms.
"Both." Sherlock whispered.
“Apparently you and John aren’t communicating very well either.”
She shakes and tries to cry quietly.
Greg blushes and nods. “She’s mine. My baby girl.”
He grins and peppers him with kisses.
She licks and sucks at his throat. "I love this throat. It has to be one of my favorite part of you." She nips at it teasingly. "But I love your arse as well. I've never seen such a plush scrumptious arse in all my life. I'd be licking and sucking on it right now but it's a bit hard to do in the bath."
