“Right, shower time.”
“Er…I just wanted…to, er…tell you something-“
killed me too! And I came back! I don’t see why you’re still making such a big deal out of it!”
There was no need, nor energy in his body for him to respond. Instead, the door to the lounge of 221b swung open, and in the frame stood a worn-down, bloodshot-eyed Sherlock Holmes.
He hopes he’s correct in what he’s about to say, for he doesn’t know thoroughly himself.
“Keep your cool, avoid the pantless, do NOT DRINK.”
But, of course, this was different.
“Right.” A pause. “You sure?”
“Yes, I, er, I realise-“
Coming round to himself he remembered that they were both still playing husbands on their left hands. John had forgotten about the wedding band; it seemed to have melded itself onto his finger, to the point that he had only just became aware again of its presence.
“Hm.”
John guesses that Sherlock got up at some unearthly hour after having a mid-reverie epiphany about something chemistry-related, and dived to work at that very moment so as not to forget it. But this morning feels different.
“Really?”
“Oh God, yeah, sorry, I…er, forgot.” His fingers fidgeted under John’s hand and he didn’t resist the impulse to flippantly lift his hand to look at the aforementioned piece of jewellery.
“Oh. Well. Alright then.” They take a taxi home in near silence.
Begrudgingly, he sits properly up and takes another mouthful of tea. “This is nice.”
Sherlock ducked his head into John’s wool-covered shoulder and let out tiny, searing sobs. John caressed his lover’s head and stroked his hair, as he so desired. It was inopportune to go further at this stage. A hug was what he needed. Of course, the least he could do what let him finish what he started and return the favour.
As he slowly ambles, still limited by just having awoken, the sounds become clearer. There is slow, quiet sizzling and sputtering, which in itself is tempting. Then John catches a waft of buttery, warm, moist air. It immediately reminds him of his childhood.
The level of wanting any potential flirts to realise that he was taken and not interested was always this passionate. And, although it seemed less so on Sherlock’s part, he felt the same, albeit internally. Above all, John knew this, and Sherlock remained adamant that that was the most important thing to him.
“Oh. Hello!”
At this point, they’re giggling, just like the first time they laughed together in the hallway after that manic chase.
John thinks this all this is rather sweet. In the bowl is a thin, greyish batter which is dripping slowly from the lip. On the limited workspace Sherlock has (the table is completely unusable, occupied by toes), there are scattered bits of flour here, splashes of milk there. “You’d better tidy this up yourself, love.”
“So you’ve tied the knot? In secret?”
Next chapter time again!
John observed, still, after all this time, stunned by Sherlock’s mind.
He reaches the kitchen, where lo and behold, Sherlock is standing over the hob, watching a frying pan like a hawk as curls of thick steam dance around his frame. One thing that isn’t abnormal is the cafetière of very strong, very black coffee situated on the back ring.
“Need any help?”
John cocked his head to the side, looking away from Sherlock and biting his lip. He let out a tiny, breathy chuckle. “I see what you mean. I had one for a while, you know.”
Sherlock opened his mouth, ready to retort, yet no words came.
Still wrapped in each others’ embrace they made eye contact, their faces just inches apart.
“Oh, for god’s sake.”
that, to John’s mind, looks like paper and lint. Sherlock’s expression tells otherwise. Sherlock splays the
John’s eyelashes threaten not to comply with his eyelids as they open on that bright February morning. Glued by sleep, they are prised open nonetheless. His mouth tastes a bit sour - he and Sherlock did share a few whiskeys last night, he seems to remember. Oddly, as John extends a stiff arm to the warm, slumbering orb that is his partner, he finds that the crisp sheets are cool, empty and crumpled. Sherlock is out of bed before him, for once.
“Here we go. Tell all,” John replied, sighing.
Then before he can process it, Yourrell bolts, agile yet fearful. Sherlock looks frantic, curls bouncing about his cheek as he spins on his heel and exits the restaurant after him at lightning speed. The squeaky click of the soles of his shoes follow the clumsier, clunkier ones of Yourrell’s.
“Okay, you two. We’ll look further into this Albert bloke. Unless you want to just take the wheel; it seems you’re getting on with it okay,” Lestrade affirmatively said.
“Okay, but be gentle, Sherlock. His partner’s had an affair and now he’s left him and he’s feeling very delicate.”
Donovan butted in, impressed and grateful of the gossip, beaming all the while as if to say “I bloody knew it!”
“Hm?”
“Sherlock?”
“Laters, guys,” Sherlock proclaimed, John following him. He proceeded to swing both doors open to the exit of the Scotland Yard building (which John thought was done in rather a godly manner) and swoop out onto the street. They needed to resolve Albert’s case, before anything else, and they had their hearts set on doing so.
He pushes the door to the living room with a single finger. It blows outwards, letting him step inside, as if to welcome him and put him at ease.
Silently, the man sauntered out of the living room and the door shut gently behind him.
“No. We can’t.”
“Sorry. It’s good.” Something by Brahms. “Brahms?”
The brisk walk is silent and rapid. Distracted by the speed he has to procure in order to keep up with Sherlock and his long limbs, John very nearly misses the flash of turquoise to his right, underneath the canopy of a club entrance. He backtracks, grabbing Sherlock by the fabric of his duster jacket, pinching briefly the skin of his elbow. Immediately he regrets doing anything before clearing his throat and saying “Oi, he’s here.” And luckily, there is a matching Mercedes with the correct registration number parked on the opposite verge. They both head for the entrance, then, at the last second prior to being within the building, they catch sight of the sign indicating the establishment:
John, coming closer to observe the contents of the pan, and the large mixing bowl next to it, finds himself by default sliding his fingers into Sherlock’s. Either one of their bodies are touching the other, feeling their form and warmth. John is now mirroring Sherlock’s image, both of their backs hunched over the pan (which seemed to have a transfixing quality). John realises that in the pan is a large, flat, yellow pancake. He even forgets to ask why. He doesn’t forget, however, to initiate the customary morning kiss. It’s a brief, closed-mouth peck on the lips. Now he can talk.
It’s not Angelo’s, but the food is palatable enough to Sherlock to bear being there while waiting. Waiting is tedious. His legs bounce impatiently beneath the table as his fingers skitter along the top, rushing the time away.
“you can never make your mind up, how come you’re so sure tonight? Usually, you leave it up to me.”
There’s a quietening from outside, too. What was once a chat-turned-interrogation-turned-fight is now a man lying on paving stones with a bloody nose. Sherlock turns his head towards the pub, at first searching for John's face but captivated by the beautiful resonance. When he sees who is playing, he may as well have been the one batty with a head injury. It’s not even the playing that is the most extraordinary thing. It’s beautiful, yes--but it’s the fact that, he’d--never, ever,
Sherlock tuned out after a few words, in desperation of the knowledge of what to do. His eyes darted and he felt the hot blood rising to his face, piercing his cheeks and turning them crimson.
“-ah, but he was clever…the timings, everything. Daniel ordered the drugs and meat using Sophie’s card, then Christmas day, Daniel drugs Sophie, writes the tweets, uses old photos…yes…”
“I love you, Dr. John Watson.”
“Splendid, Mrs Hudson. We’ve just walked most of the way back, taxis all looked a bit suspicious.”
“Yeah, what’s the matter now, mate? Got him? That was quick, boys.”
Today, it’s Sherlock’s turn for tea. Both knowing this, they unfurl; Sherlock floats up and swings his legs off their bed, while John rests his head on his hand and stares at the low, ivory bedroom ceiling. The cost of their cottage reflects its quality, but by god, they love it.
A while later, dinner is placed in front of John, who is boggling at the fact Sherlock has actually cooked dinner.  Sherlock decides not to take this as an insult, given the placidity of his friend and the sporadic nature of this gesture. It even smells good. “Ta. Parmesan?” John asks as casual as he can sound.
As he swished his crisp shirt over his shoulders and onto his frame, he felt for the rings in the bedside cabinet where he’d deposited them the night before. Solid, and unyielding, and there. His heart sprung in his throat.
The pair of them stand still while London bustles about them after they step out of the black cab.
“Ah, well it’s a good job you’re careful, now, love. John, you feeling alright, dear?”
“Hope you’re not one of them. Notorious for nicking body parts. Coming to think of it, didn’t see Jonty Roddick’s toes at his burial the other week.” John chuckles dryly, without smiling. Sherlock feels a smile pull at a corner of his lips.
“Well do. I love you. Night-night, darling.”
There is sound coming from the kitchen. And, after a few seconds of coming to, since sleep stunts his senses, he notices smells. Not unpleasant smells, like formaldehyde or sulphur. Nice smells. Of cooking.
It was quarter-past-seven later that Monday evening and Sherlock and John were having a night in their local. Sherlock’s hands were cradling a half of bitter and John was sipping a pint of viscous, flat lager. Tonight was a middle ground between a date and - well, not a date. Trying to have some sort of a celebration of their relationship, Sherlock thought it prudent to share a drink and a chat. They’d only been ‘official’ a month or so, and they were both loving it.
They sauntered down the hallway to their bedroom - of course they didn’t need two. The door shut behind them.
tube stops. On a Friday night. With a change. Answer me this, John - why does Lestrade give us half-decent cases such as this one only to tell us they’re a bloody mile away?”
“Erm, no, sorry mate.”  Visibly discomforted, his eyes drift somewhere behind the bar to grab a fresh cloth. Yourrell is lying. Sherlock loves a terrible liar! His inward laughter pulls a smile to the corner of his mouth.
“No, I just meant lying in bed with you is quite nice. The tea’s shit, you’ve made it wrong.” A smile is pulling at the corners of his lips.
John diverts his attention to the bittersweet-smelling cafetière on the stove. He reaches for a mug from the cupboard (struggling all the while - Sherlock is not going to move) and pours a thin stream of coffee into it. He sips it, and sits on a kitchen chair - staying well away from the toe experiment.
“I fancy Thai.”
Sherlock’s voice is audibly squeaky and dry with nerves. He hates it. John has since wandered into the kitchen, presumably seeking tea or wine. His beverage of choice will probably be decided based on how this goes.
“Um, yes…er, could you just sit here a moment?”
“John-“
“Right.” John thought he’d better not question any further. However, he couldn’t resist.
“Yep. Here you go.” He passed one of the gleaming adornments to his partner. To prevent extreme awkwardness, he let John put it on himself, rather than give any false impressions. As John slipped it onto the designated finger he had all sorts of odd feelings. He quickly flushed them out of his mind and diverted his attention back to a random newspaper article his eyes found.
John’s arms found their way around Sherlock’s slender body, that jerked with each sob. In his despair, Sherlock’s head flopped into the nook of John’s shoulder. It was warm and protecting there. His tears and his curls tickled John’s neck.
“He’s into you.”
As they settled in between the sheets John removed his watch while Sherlock applied lip balm. They put heads onto each of their pillows and turned to face each other. Sherlock reached for John’s hair and fingered the downy silver strands. Holding the back of his neck, he bent his own to bury his face into it and imprint it with numerous light kisses. It mildly angered him that his senses were impeded so he couldn’t breathe in the perfume of John’s shampoo. He stroked his cheek with his thumb.
“Sorry, John.” She gestured towards Sherlock “Freak. I understand.”
Sherlock does the routine stand-in-the-middle-of-the-road-with-authority-and-wave cab hail and in a moment one is pulling up onto the kerb. He gives an assured ‘Baker Street, please’. The journey home is a solemn one. John can’t help but notice when Sherlock tilts his head at a certain angle, and the streetlight casts itself in its right place, his cheekbone still shimmers with glitter. As pissed off as he may be, and as miserable as the night has been, the picture seems to lift his mood, just a little bit.
“Yes, of course. Course I'm alright. Yep! Nothing wrong with me whatsoever.”
“I said, are you feeling alright? Your coughing sounds like a dog barking and to my knowledge, you’re not smoking recently.” Of course, he didn’t know that for certain.
“John. I’m…sorry-“
“John. It’s all fine.”
“As long as you’re sorted. Get anything out of him?” They saunter away from it all, the rowdiness of shouting and flirting and chinking glasses and plates, blue lights flashing beside them. John feels himself relax into the rhythm of another murder solved, enjoying Sherlock’s steadfast presence by his side. John watches with a warmth in his heart as Sherlock turns his coat collar up and lifts a hand for a taxi.
They shared a light, affectionate kiss and lay their heads down to sleep.
men in ten minutes. Is it just me?”
John seems disappointed in his eyes and mouth, and Sherlock doesn’t like that. “Okay, well…we taking it?”
Begrudgingly, John abides. Putting the phone to his ear and flinching at the cold metal, he grumbles “Greg.”
“Fine.” Sherlock looks pensively at John for some moments, then turns his attention back to work and food.
“Er, yeah? You look a bit flustered, love.” The lady with the largest diamond rock on her finger is probably right. He feels a vibration in his pocket, and pulls out his phone to a text alert saying “We’re coming’.
, but decides to let him go, reluctantly.
John’s eyes are elsewhere, tracing the grouting in the stone floor. He fingers a napkin splattered in fluorescent ghee, flicks the cool, wet glass of beer. Sherlock regards John with a mixture of fascination and confusion. There are downy, white hairs dusted down the sides of John’s neck--have they always been there? The whites of John’s eyes are flecked with red threads, the skin below them puffed and grey--possibly due to frequent alcohol consumption. Perhaps he isn’t sleeping as he should. John is ever so adamant about sleeping like a normal person. He wonders why he should notice these things. He has always stood by the fact that John really does have an aesthetically pleasing face. The innate John-quality of his face equates to it being perfect. But why should his brain be noticing these things now, on a boring case in a rotting pub? He searches for a deeper meaning. He skims through the possible options, eyes closed, just on the precipice between presence and mind-palace deduction. He can feels his fingers twitch, gently at first, his forehead creasing, until everything tenses...
At the bar, Sherlock speaks with authority to the stubbly-faced, tired-looking Yourrell. The man can’t be older than twenty-one. “Hello there,” Sherlock says, his affected friendliness belied by his straight-backed posture and the way he refuses to let Yourrell’s eyes leave his own.
John didn’t let him agree. He got up and went through the rigmarole of phoning, ordering, greeting the delivery man. He brought it upstairs and laid it all out on plates and in bowls, got out the proper cutlery and took it to the living room, where Sherlock was still lounging lazily. However, he didn’t sit up at the smell. They tucked in. When they’d finished, Sherlock cleared up, as was their rota.
John’s signature line - bringing up the Fall. “
John’s countenance slackens. Not droopily, like one has just heard of a death or other tragic news. It’s a sympathetic softening; the edges of concern being worn away and the frown lines smoothed in understanding. A tiny, gentle smile flickers, tempting the corners of his mouth. Sherlock observes, astounded by beauty and this new-yet-age-old feeling he believes is love. Even the word itself is a daunting notion. John opens his mouth, ready to answer, but no words follow.
“Um…”
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock choked, “They never used to affect me. But she was three years old, this tiny, innocent child, and I couldn’t help thinking of Rosie, and–”
The two men are sitting morosely opposite one another in the flat, the hearth barely glowing and smoking, the occasional minute flap of a flame breaking the silence. John is dropping off, his chin digging down into his neck, before his phone pulsates by his thigh, startling him awake. He looks straight ahead of him before answering the call, finding Sherlock absent from his chair, and instead is looking pensively out of the window into the November evening.
“Good evening, any drinks for you, sir?” His voice is almost automated, like a robot’s. What is unmistakeable, however, is the thick Cockney twang of his accent.
The ‘guys’ were slightly more than annoyed. Greg and Sally grinned at each other, a combination of their correct (although technically erroneous) guessing and Sherlock and John’s pissed-off reactions.
John had been married before. Torn apart when it was over. It took none other than Sherlock Holmes to pick him up after that, and he couldn’t possibly fathom the idea of losing him like he lost Mary. Underneath, though, he knew he should never have married her. A marriage was what was comfortable, what he thought he wanted…but it wasn’t enough to live; only enough to survive. Trapped, lonely and looking for an immediate cure to his sorrow, he married her for safety and security. Within months he knew he didn’t love her enough. The Sherlock-sized gap that was burnt in his soul could be imbued by just him.
As the door next to Speedy’s shut, coats were unbuttoned and hair was ruffled dry. Sherlock cleared his throat once; John noticed. Then again, then again, then again. It eventually got past the point of being passed off as white noise.
“Wouldn’t dare.”
Sherlock has the right mind to retort, but no words come. Instead, he simply exhales, then returns to the bow, stroking its hairs free of dust. John’s musical knowledge is more than Sherlock ever expected. That being said, his expectations were not high in the first place.
The metallic clanking of a cocktail being shaken brings him back into the present moment. He’s lost himself playing. His fingers find the last three long, gentle notes, and then all is still. John braves looking up, around the pub, and everyone is moved. There are pairs of eyes focused on the stage, other pairs of eyes on him. There are those sitting down, who are staring unblinkingly in pure awe, and one gentleman is openly weeping into his beef jalfrezi. Even the few coquettish women who were chatting up Joseph Yourrell before are welling up, hands on their perfumed clavicles. Then, he sees Sherlock--his face smoothed and less angular, eyes directly on his own, with an expression soft and open, as if every fibre of his body has loosened. John’s heart hums with a knowing that Sherlock reserves this expression only for him.
Sally had backed off. Meanwhile, John was flushing with rage. Sherlock reckoned it was because he was defensive, but John’s level of being agitated was more than could be attributed to only this.
In reflex, he turned to where the voice he lived to hear came from. Their eyes met. They smiled at each other, because they both knew. Without hesitation, John kicked off the ‘dad-slippers’ (as Sherlock dubbed them) and climbed inside the crisp duvet. They shuffled closer to each other for each other’s warmth and reassurance. His small, slightly rotund frame was the perfect size for Sherlock’s long limbs to clasp themselves around. They’d never done this before, yet it felt more like home like anything else either of them had experienced before.
“What-- oh, okay.” John takes a mouthful of curry and stays seated.
His thoughts come at his brain faster and faster with each second; a crescendo of panic rising in his mind.
“So…you’re…er, official?”
“Thanks…um…yeah, I’ll have to remember it tomorrow.”
“Yeah.”
” He elbows John in the bicep. “Cheeky sod. I think it’s nice.”
By 11, they’d reassumed their relax-positions and Sherlock was dosed up to high heaven with Lemsip.
Waiting is the right word. Sherlock can’t exactly swoop in with his coat and cheekbones and ask the man if he’d stabbed someone the other night. Best to stay inconspicuous. He and John are close to this one. Joseph Yourrell - suspected murderer, and incidentally, a barman at the bog-standard Indian restaurant-pub in Cockfosters. The tarka dahl almost makes the fifteen tube stops worth it. Yourrell has been cleaning a pint glass with the same greying tea towel for a good three minutes while sweatily chattering to women double his age across the bar. Easily he calculates they’re here for no other reason than to get away from their husbands, and, judging by the barbecue sauce under one of them’s fingernails, they wolfed kebabs before coming to this higher-end joint.
John rested a hand on Sherlock’s, to which Sherlock’s heart tightened and his mouth went dry. Immediately, John felt the rigid, cold metal tingle against his dry palm, and straight away he knew.
of laughter.
“Hello, loves. Nice day at the office? You look a bit rough.” She was never shy of saying it how it is.
“How lovely.” The two men giggle at each other, looking into each other’s countenances.
Feeling the touch of fabric around his bare ankle, Sherlock reciprocates with thumbs stroking John’s abdomen.
“John, you’re not my mother. But point taken.”
John finds Sherlock laughably ignorant. “You
His heart is pulsating. Tightening. Spiking. Piercing.
Sherlock seems spritely and fired up by the promise of a new case. Back to normal, then. John really finds Sherlock acting more like an adolescent than the true grown man he actually is. It’s hard to be conventional when you’re Sherlock Holmes. With a tut and a head shake, he plods to the kitchen with the pasta dishes and half-heartedly slaps them both into the dishwasher.
John is wearing a navy towelling dressing down, not dissimilar to Sherlock’s rather more expensive robe. His hair is clumped in sporadic dampnesses, while the translucent silver tendrils on his upper chest are also coated with a sheen of moisture.
“Yes. I’m listening. It’s alright.”
He knew. Thank god, of course he knew. They touched and within moments were ensconced in each other’s embraces.
Within seconds he has assumed his customary stance - his legs are crossed, tightening the fabric of his trousers around his thigh. His palms are facing each other underneath his chin. He brings them up a tiny amount, still adjoined. Traces them over his lips, feeling a minute puff of his humid, hot breath bloom on his fingers. And back down.
He watches, open-mouthed, John’s fingers marching over the keys and each note ascending into the atmosphere like curling smoke. The arc of John’s back and the profile of his face-- tendrils of silver winding over his forehead creases of concentration, just like he’d noticed a million times before. And then that warm feeling suspends above his heart again.
Sherlock groans and a
“Um…so this is…new?”
John does not reply; instead, he just hangs up coolly. Turning his head, but keeping his eyes elsewhere, he grunts to Sherlock, “Okay, he’s saying Soho, but who bloody knows at this point?”
John thought it best that they just owned up.
And so it begins. The first few notes are barely audible, the goings-on at the tables far too exciting. John struggles to find the correct fingering--he notices his own shakiness over the keys, fumbling and forgetting which finger goes where, crisscrossing his hands and applying too much pressure on the keys.Then, when the body of the piece flows in, filling out the gaps, the silence in the room falls slowly. As he plays, his confidence grows--the notes he plays become stronger and more confident; he finds the techniques that come flooding back to him after all this time. The melody circulates and fills the room with an effervescence, driving the room to a havana of luscious sounds.
They’ve developed a routine since retiring and moving into the cottage. They alternate who goes to make tea first thing in the morning, then they lie there, wrapped in each other’s comfort, until they decide that things have to be done, since they’re still young and capable. Their hobby is taking the piss out of each other - who’s going grey first, who’s arthritis will eventually set in. But in this very moment, life’s good.
“I’ll be 5 minutes, promise.”
in Soho. John looks at Sherlock, the extraordinarily stark shadows cast below his cheekbones and rigid brows, and realises that there’s no way that he will make it out of here unnoticed.
Sherlock exhaled in impatience. “We need to pretend we’re married. To keep him at bay. It makes perfect sense. As soon as an admirer sees a connection elsewhere, they back off. We don’t do PDA, obviously, and this method is subtle. If he feels bad, it’s his problem.”
“I have work from ten till four, tomorrow, love.”
The occasional eight-bar tune pierces the monotonous tap-tap-tapping of John’s fingers on his laptop. Case write-ups are nowadays more of a chore, a ‘should’ rather than a ‘want’. He used to enjoy it tremendously, but the feedback he has received of late - or lack thereof in fact - has done the opposite of inspire him. Sherlock calling his articles ‘as mundane as a rich tea biscuit’ sort of drew the line. It takes more effort each time to be bothered.
Then the sound of the boiler whirring and the shower halting brings him to his senses. He feels he wants to slap himself in the face at the futility of it all. Isn’t John open-minded about it all? This whole gay thing? After all, his sister was part of that ilk.
Since he knows the psychology behind different gaits, - which, in turn, makes John aware - he makes a point of doing his normal, rhythmic, just-got-back-from-solving-a-case footsteps up the rickety staircase.
His thoughts distract him. He abruptly stops playing and stands lumpily in the middle of the room. “Erm,” he murmurs, “What’s for dinner?”
“Sherlock? You alright, love?” The gap in the curtains let the muted, yellow light into the kitchen and it situated itself on the crown of Sherlock’s hair, illuminating his nitid locks.
“Thanks, doctor.” Sherlock winked at his lover.
The mahogany beams and the slight dampness of the walls ooze their personalities, and although extremely minute - smaller than their living space in 221b - it’s crammed with more stuff that makes it their own than ever. Sherlock still loves having the bits of lab equipment lying around, as John likes the bull’s head and the clock on the mantel and the sentimental bits, as personal reminders of their London days. Of course, it can’t keep the Baker Street Boys away for long, so they often visit to see Molly and Greg, Mycroft, even just to wander and admire it, to feel every quiver of its beating heart.
John saw a glint of the eyes he’s all too familiar with, and a small smile formed on Sherlock’s face. “Thank you,” he responded, in a croaky, yet pleased and reassured voice.
“Thought he was rather lovely. That awkwardness and talking gibberish, you’d have plenty in common.”
“Come here. It’s alright.”
Sherlock pauses and his eyes bore into John’s face, his pupils the size of pennies. The look on his face implies nothing else but ‘you’ve got to be joking’. He buries his head into his hands, and asks, full of amazement at John’s naivety:
A deep breath. Four heartbeats, then his leather-clad hand pushes the key into the slot, wiggles it a bit, and swings the door open. His steps are more brisk and swift than usual tonight. He has something to address. It makes him agitated. But he’s ready. He has to be. So, he acts it.
Each time they met with Albert - they soon learned that this was his name - it got slightly more unbearable. His giddiness and coquettishness made John irritable and Sherlock protective and angered. They were still too apprehensive to drop hints, as they kept their relationship mainly behind closed doors. It saved them from the disparagement of Lestrade, Donovan and Anderson, who found it laughable.
Sherlock nodded in agreement, and his face creased, suppressing the urge to cry. John stood up and sauntered over, overwhelmed by the grotesque truth of the case, and by Sherlock’s emotions.
“Are you ready?”
“…So are we taking his case?” John was crumpling inwardly, feeling very uncomfortable all of a sudden.
His fork clangs on the ceramic plate beneath it, and his eyes flicker left and right in surprise, galvanised by adrenaline. His first instinct is to go to Sherlock, and tackle this criminal as they always do--together. Before he can catch up, though, his eyes lock with Sherlock’s, which he can see from across the room. His hands make an X--the indication to stay put, knowing his companion wants to follow him. He has a momentary thought of
“And one of those I am. It’s my responsibility to look after you, as both a doctor and a boyfriend, so go and have a shower and clear your airways. I’ll make you some tea.”
“Thanks, bye.”
“…Umm…” Greg pretended to rummage through some papers that maybe he could have passed off as having valuable information on, before saying, blankly; “Shit all.”
The day breezed by as Sherlock sat at his microscope. He was deep in work. It was 3 pm, and no matter how engrossed in measuring amylase in samples of saliva he was he never forgot the time and how he must return the rings before John saw and humiliation ensued.
“Let’s order. Thai?”
out onto an empty square foot of the bar. John now sees eight serviettes with blue-black scrawls of numbers on them and a six-inch long strand of rainbow ribbon and a mini plastic rose and a £20 note, for some reason. After arranging them clearly Sherlock taps the tabletop, for closure.
The word of endearment made John’s heart flutter, even after all this time. “Christ. Alright then, smartarse. We’ll try but I’m not promising anything.”
“Oh. Right, yeah, of course. Here - take it now so you won’t forget.” John coaxed the white gold band off his finger. Although it had long since passed dusk, the light from the life and the world around them was just enough for it to still look like it was glowing from within. He admired it for the last time and casually passed it back to Sherlock.
“Cheers. I love you, Sherlock.”
john was incredibly pleased with himself and his deduction. he paused in smugness, waiting for the affirmation he so loved.
“You-you know what, Sherlock?”
“…wraps up the meat to disguise it as a body and dies a peaceful death in the fridge: he did it himself! Sherlock - suicide!”
John’s diction is clipped and breathy, usually an indicator of something being not quite right. This, thankfully, is a fairly common occurrence, and not dissimilar from Sherlock’s usual tone. Picking up his fork, he begins eating, hungrily.
“Here. Murder. Your favourite,” he pointed out, droll and exasperated. “Nikolai Mazur was stabbed to death five times in his abdomen on Friday at 9:10pm. It’s one of four. Thomasina Oliver, Otto Pick, Joseph Yourrell and Keith Adeyemi. Chew on that.”
A throat clear precedes a cautious “So…are you going to text… one of those men??… Maybe??” And immediately he’s regretting ever questioning him, know he’s misjudged it all.
“Erm, John?” he calls.
“Okay, in you go.”
“Hello, you.”
“Pfft… Pasta? With some kind of…sauce?” John is forcing his eyes to remain open as he stares blankly at the silver screen.
Sherlock pivoted mid-pace to look at his John with pride and amazement. Although he was slightly disgruntled he didn’t solve it himself before John, he couldn’t help his pride. The way John’s silver hair matted in the rain and the glint of silver due to the moonlight made Sherlock’s heart feel inexplicably warm and melty.
John has forgotten himself. Right now, as the last eight bars approach, his main feeling is relief that the piece is almost over, that everything will go back to normal, back to the tapping of laptop keys and the boiler whirring and the muffled London chatter. He must have been playing for, what, four minutes now? But the silky, luscious waltz makes him feel so alive and so, so at home. It always has, since his childhood.
“Look!” Sherlock shouts in his thick voice, so as to make himself heard over the electronic soundtrack and general bustle of this gay bar. He digs his right hand into a coat pocket and pulls out a wrinkle of
All throughout today, he’d felt protected. He loved how it felt on his skin, how it warmed with his blood heat like it appreciated being sat on his finger this way. Sherlock wondered if the feeling of this piece of jewellery was a microcosm of the feeling of marriage. Maybe that's why people like wedding rings. Buy the blingy-est in the hopes of having a lucrative future.
To say that Sherlock was 100% unamused by this whole thing would be a lie. He gave a hint of a smile and scrunched his nose while mouthing to Greg; he does. Greg nodded subtly and turned back to the bickering pair.
“Don’t. Don’t be sorry, it’s, er…”
They turned to face each other a last time, as if to say ‘once more unto the breach,’ and entered the offices.
“What, the tea?”
Sherlock obeyed his now-carer and floated up from the sofa. His stature and his gait were obviously hindered due to fatigue, but his smile and those gorgeous laugh-lines were enough to make John forget about the ailments. As they crossed in the doorframe their lips met and stayed there for a few seconds.
“I’ll have a shower first. You can get in after me. I’ll be quick.”
Sherlock made his signature face - the one that always made John crumble and give in. His angular countenance transitioned from a vehement determination to soft sincerity, his demeanour gentle and true. “Please. It’s for your own good, love.”
“Oh, yeah, no problem, I am
“Ahem,” John interjected so as to prevent further interrogation. “Got anything interesting, Greg?”
“No, we have not, it’s…for a case-“
“Yeah. We’ve been tracking his car with the GPS system, don’t know why Mercs have it in nowadays, but, erm-“
“So…how are you planning to go about this?”
“Wow.”
Sherlock does as he is told, swishing in his duster so effortlessly that John is irked with jealousy.
“Okay. I thought we could maybe see a film or something if you like. I don’t have much work for tomorrow, yet.”
“Morning.”
“Oh, okay.”
“Yes,” John sighs in agreement. “Greg was a tad vague.”
“Greg.”
There is quite a long pause. “Erm,” John replies with a strain in his voice, “No. How did you, er…know? …All that?” John’s face shows he is vexed, possibly impressed. Knowing John, it is majoritively the latter. Despite his love of the praise, he doesn’t like to white-lie extensively. He keeps his voice and head low, looking at the phone and admits: “I talked to Gav--Gra--Greg. Greg. I rang him. I was intrigued by this one. You know my penchant.”
“Yeah, I’d love that.”
“Did…a bit of a…deal…with the jeweller. I’ll return them when we’re done with Albert.”
“Jesus, Sherlock. While I’m flattered, well, we can’t have him thinking I’m- you know…available!”
Then he could feel his dad’s tight, unforgiving grip, prising his fingers away from the keys, then the force from behind, his father’s palm striking spiky and cruel on his back. It would knock the wind out of him. He’d bring his face to within centimetres of his own. “Harry is a girl. Now, are you gonna get your kit on for rugby, or should I get you a feather boa instead there, Liberace?”
Last week’s kidnapping turned out to simply be a ‘misunderstanding of custodies’. So that was worthwhile. His fingers trickle out:
He took a few steps closer towards his partner. God, he was gorgeous. It took all he had to refrain from running a hand deftly through Sherlock’s raven curls, only to go further and trace a fingertip down his soft lips, his geometric jawline, his pale, long throat, descending to his shirt buttons-
… he is losing control of this man and this situation.
“Mm-hm.” Sherlock swivels back to the kitchen and reaches into the cheese box (next to the toes) in the fridge for the parmesan, then procures a grater from the drawer of cutlery, narrowly avoiding being scraped by a scalpel. He grates enough cheese for each plate onto a wooden board - not contaminated by flesh, he hopes...there were those ears yesterday, he thinks he used Fairy liquid -  before scattering some on each serving. He plops himself opposite his blogger and flicks open the leather case of his phone next to him.
How desperately they needed one another. His only. His reason. His purpose.
“I’ll sort something out.”
“You said you’d be at home at four, it’s only three!”
as if to lull himself into hebetude.
“Ready if you are, my darling.”
“Thank you.”
Gloves were pulled from numb fingers and scarves were unravelled. The couple’s weeknight regime commenced. Teeth were brushed, faces washed, pyjamas (or lack thereof) donned.
John sniffed. Then, several seconds later, he sniffed again.
“We’re looking for a silver Mercedes ML 250 - somewhere.”
Shaking. Mouth bitter, dry. Breathing laboured. There’s no way John doesn’t know. He straightens himself upright in his chair and inhales deeply.
“This is nice. Am I supposed to just sit here, or-“
“Ah, my boys! Together! Isn’t it just wonderful?!”
Nocturne Op. 9, No. 2. He remembers it well enough from Year Seven; he actually performed it in school assembly once, under pressure by his music teacher. Jesus, that was a long time ago. However, once you’ve mastered something, you can never lose your grip, right?
is heard, so John hazards looking over his shoulder. He is startled by the gumption Sherlock has as he claws the ball of napkins and walks truculently to the bin. With the stroppiness of a teenager he thrusts the papers into it and flops onto the sofa.
Bickering. On this rather damp Thursday night in central London Sherlock and John were, unsurprisingly, on a case. And, as with any case, of course, there was bickering. Sherlock’s steely vehemence and John’s disbelief in his partner’s inconceivable intellect contrasted, and more often than not it wasn’t for the better. But they both knew that without it, they’d be lost. Anyhow, they both knew how it felt.
While this agonised chatter continues, he spots for a moment in the corner of his eye the piano. A piano! “Fancy some entertainment, guys?”
Faces crease and laugh-lines deepen. Their chins rise and they exchange grins. The look they give each other can only be described as knowing. Knowing each other so well that it’s no secret. It never was. And now, it never has to be.
--nothing. He plays a quick scale, buying a bit more time; he hasn't done this in years. "What do we like then?" he shouts over the crowd, relieved as the heads turn his way rather than to the window where, on the other side, Sherlock is currently grappling with Yourrell. John notices the gun on the pavement (
John made the tea and brought it through to where his companion was lying. He was pale and washed-out in the face, yet still possessed that undeniably-Sherlock resolute countenance, that raven hair, those gleaming eyes. Eyes shut, world extinguished, he didn’t look so different. But John knew Sherlock better than anyone. And, he never told anyone this, but he knew he could never love another like he loved this man.
A fallen tray of cutlery startling him back to consciousness, Sherlock shakes his head as if ridding himself of that inner warmth that distracts him from working. He looks back over to the bar area. Yourrell’s rodent-like face comes into view when for once he isn't trying to chat anyone up. “Ugh, right, I can’t bear it any longer. Everyone in here is so moronic. I’m going to talk to him now - remember the plan. Try your best not to earwig--at least, not so obviously.” As he rises, a few grains of rice fall onto the floor with the movement. He waves his hand in a spiral in the general direction of John’s beer, his fingers like a spider’s legs. “Enjoy your…thing. I’ll tell you when.”
The sniffing was the main thing. And sneezing. 26 times, John had counted, and they’d only been home two hours. However, Sherlock tried to remain inconspicuous. It was a quarter past seven, and they were lying on the sofa flicking between channels. Sherlock was comfortably resting against john, using his chest as a pillow, their fingers intertwined. John saw the rise and fall of Sherlock’s chest and heard that his breathing was congested.
He sits, lays out all of his provisions, then drizzles the viscous amber onto the plate. Soon after, Sherlock sits in the supple leather chair facing his, also with a plate and mug.
Before Sherlock knew it John emerged from the bathroom in his dressing gown and slippers (both of which Sherlock adored), faced pinked and altogether looking rather clean.
Sherlock recites his originally procured and practised words in his head approximately 13 times before reaching the final stair. He has no time to delay, to deliberate.
deduced this. Didn’t even clock that John had a music taste that wasn't the Top 40. And now John’s surprising knowledge of Brahms yesterday makes a whole lot more sense.
“Why?”
John hears the familiar footsteps of Sherlock’s vehemence that only comes after solving a case. Of course, now Rosie’s in the picture it’s less common that it’s the two of them out there together. But the rhythmic creaks of the floorboards weren’t as they usually sounded. They seemed more despondent, more fatigued, more grave.
Ah, mornings like these. Retirement suits them. They can often pass many minutes, even hours, like this. Chatting and taking the piss and giggling.
However, marriage was something Sherlock and John never ever discussed. To John, it was glaringly obvious that Sherlock spurned the idea of lifelong commitment and was quite content with a relationship like he had with John. They were part of each other, neither of them whole without the other one. John’s opinion, Sherlock assumed, stemmed from how his last one ended, and he didn’t wish to divulge in something so consuming again.
“Same to you; you deserve it after all.”
“You forgot to return them. You’ll get into trouble! And I’m not getting myself blamed.”
“Sherlock? Did you call me?”
“Shit, Sherlock.” John’s cheeks ache and he smirks. He looks down meaninglessly at his bare feet, then the rug beneath them, then back up Sherlock’s body, halting at the face full of emotion.
It was fairly late on that Sunday night in London - they parted at the end of Hungerford Bridge, and Sherlock and John simply gave each other knowing smiles, which were a mixture of relief, admiration of Albert (though they weren’t sure what for exactly), and, of course, love. Sherlock gestured John to hook his arm into his own, to which John gladly complied. As slow as they wanted, as time felt inexistent at this point, they strolled and gazed over the Thames as London stirred softly in its sleep. Neither man felt anything but pure contentment and adoration for the other. It was when Sherlock snapped back into the real life that he realised they’d forgotten about the ring situation.
“Chin-chin.” Sherlock grinned and raised his glass to meet his lover’s.
“You alright, love? You've gone all croaky, getting yourself a cold?” John questioned.
Sherlock strode over to the kitchen and whipped open the cutlery draw with vigour. Out he pulled two white gold wedding bands. He held them up triumphantly.
He reached for one of the rings and lifted it to his hand. Gingerly, he slid the cool band down the fourth finger on his left hand. It belonged about the base of his proximal phalange; there was a ridge there that supported it. Feeling its comfort, he decided to keep it on. His argument was that it would do no harm, just to feel how marriage feels, right?
After pouring, stirring and proof-tasting the tea, John delivered it to his ill counterpart.
He concentrates hard on the task of putting syrup onto his pancake. John can’t help but watch and find it adorable. He realises that he’s got a pancake too.
John adores the tone of Sherlock’s voice first thing in the morning. That said, he loves it all the time, every day of the week, but at this hour, it’s raspier, lower, more soothing and rich. At the sound, he turns, dislodging their position to creaking joints and to face his lover.
“Bloody hell, Sherlock!!!” John’s heart stopped equally and inhaled a lungful in shock and exasperation at Sherlock’s reaction.
“Yeah, ‘course…you okay?”
The pair stomped up the stairs as usual. And the midweek Baker Street boys’ routine ensued.
The taps become slower and more sparse. It’s the same waffle each time he has to write--outline very vaguely what he actually contributed then spout for two-hundred-plus words about his companion’s inexplicable intellect. It feels so easy to praise Sherlock, with his brains and his agility and his mystique. He wishes it was easier to give these compliments to himself.
“Yeah, where is he, Greg?” Despite his impatience, John holds his nerve.
Sherlock carefully lifts an edge of the pancake that is curling up at the sides, then slides a spatula quickly under it. Giving it a shake, he flips the pancake and it plops back into the pan with an airy flop, followed by continued simmering.
“You looked pretty married to me.” Donovan was just lapping it up, naive to any truth. She was just finding it hysterical.
“I’ll try to believe it.”
“Honestly. Sherlock, I loved Mary. I really did. But I was never in love with her. I loved her support and the comfort of getting married. I just thought, that’s it, now - no more loneliness and uncertainty. But then I realised it wasn’t what it had cracked up to be. By the end, it was toxic and abusive and I wouldn’t wish it on anyone. I really think we’d have got a divorce later that year if she hadn’t died. But I hung on until it was stripped from me. And I’m not saying I didn’t care that she died, bloody hell, it wrecked me, but I got over it. And then you and I happened. And that changed me and my perspective forever. You never realise what you need until you get it, Sherlock, and you are what I need. Damn, you are what I need.”
Sherlock felt silly. He didn’t even know why he was crying. The serendipity of it all, he supposed. It took ages for anything to follow through, and now the relationship was bright and wholesome and right; it felt as if they’d never been apart.
The sight alone made John’s heart stop. He rapidly reassured himself that it was for a case, it wasn’t real etc.
The guy’s name is Daniel Juhasz. He’s driven his car into the rear of a Shogun and is being closely monitored. Scotland Yard has put their best man onto it, of course.
John could never reply. Instead he could only ever sit on the floor, on the landing next to his beloved piano that only Harry was permitted to play. It was cold and sad and so, so lonely. Often he’d run to his room and punch the inside his door until his knuckles bled and scream and cry and tell himself he was useless. He'd have to wait, until the front door banged shut and the sound of tyres on the concrete was far in the distance. There were usually thirty or forty luxurious minutes, while his dad would go out when he could cherish the ability to play and harmonise with the instrument, absorbing its sound and feeling,
John is keeping a poker-face. His fists curl tightly and he clenches his teeth together until it hurts. He inhales deeply, before pinching the bridge of his nose. Fuming, he clears his throat and speaks up dryly. “Right. What do you want me to say to that?”
John would understand quite clearly with that as a response. But words (albeit jumbled, quick and grumpy) follow:
“Don’t see why not. The unassuming ones always turn out to be the highest scorers.”
John sits at his desk, typing his usual drabble onto his blog with little enthusiasm. Sherlock, he guesses, is in the kitchen, observing some microbes underneath a microscope. He is ever preoccupied with the happenings and resulting gifts from the gay bar (yes, he and his friend(?) just visited a gay bar together…as friends). It’s too odd and out of character to go ignored. He has to broach the subject. For his, er…curiosity.
“Mmm … ” There are a few moments that come to mind.
“No problem. Oh, I mean, er…thanks? Jesus, I haven’t played in years. Last time was at my grandmother’s funeral!” He shuffles from foot to foot, bashful as he chuckles quietly through a smile.
Sherlock understood every word but could not comprehend them in his head. That aside, however, it was so important to him not to leave John answerless. It was too important a moment. He hadn’t realised until now that in the process of John explaining his feelings, he’d ascended from his chair and was merely inches from his partner’s face.
“Yes, of course. Very alright indeed.” He looked up to his loved one. Mrs Hudson radiated pride and motherly compassion.
“It’s a bit bloody ridiculous. We can’t pretend we’re married! You can’t lie like that, to make someone feel that shitty.”
Sherlock can’t help but giggle throatily, mouth closed but smiling widely as John now stands and leans over the table, shoving it audibly. John’s high-pitched snicker spreads an effervescence around Sherlock’s body, and he can’t think why. The distraction of the feeling makes him loosen his grip on the phone - John is easy to take it from his hand and thumb the screen, sighing.
“Thank you so much, Sherlock Holmes,” Albert enthusiastically exclaimed, vigorously shaking Sherlock’s hand. Gladly, Sherlock noticed earlier how Albert spotted the band on his finger, and had since become rather more reserved. As Albert crossed to thank John for his help, he simply patted him graciously on the shoulder. “Thank you, Dr. Watson.” Albert realised that John knew of his inclination, and being a decent bloke he stayed on the friendly side, rather than anything more.
“For god’s sake, Sherlock, are you joking? Clients are always into you, not me. All genders, too.” John was trying to hide that this very resigned, yet obviously very hopeful man was pining for him.
He feels somewhat deflated inside. John acted as if he perceived him as stupid. Of course, it’s common knowledge. John is an intelligent man, and he has just insulted him. How childish. He lifts the chin rest once more and starts bowing mindlessly again.
John feels a vibrating warmth resonating through his bones. “Well you would,” he interjects. For the sake of hilarity, he sniffs it and winces. “Cor, what have you done to it?”
After a time, Sherlock speaks up, voice dry from the silence. “So,” he rumbles, “Plans for today?”
John is aware that all is about to go south very quickly. His knees ache to rip out from under the table; they shift up and down, getting up and then backtracking, his brain telling him to move. Then, he’s on his feet without realising.
“Yep, I think we’ll probably manage, won’t we, love?”, Sherlock directed at John, before reaching a leather-clad hand up to his lover’s shoulder to give it a loving stroke.
He locks his phone and gets up bouncily, despite leaving his dinner virtually uneaten. “Oh well. Needs must. Tomorrow though. I’ll do Otto on Monday. Frankly, I cannot be arsed. But people need me, I suppose. As you most eloquently put.”
Release is like an orgasm. “So I think I might love you.”
, Dad?”
“Good. Night, love.”
Diverting the subject (sort of), John reached his hand that wasn’t occupied otherwise to Sherlock’s jawline and stroked it gently. “I love you. Thank you.” John stretched up ever so slightly further so that their lips could softly meet. It was a quick, casual peck. After the brief contact, they continued to amble and admire the view of London and her everlasting river, all the way until they reached Baker Street. It was a very long yet not arduous walk, but they both appreciated the warmth and glow of 221b when they did return. As ever, there was Martha, emerging from her kitchen with her wooden spoon (roundish, with a heart cut out of the bowl), tonight covered in something pinkish and creamy.
Almost tripping over with haste and panic, trying to ignore the two truculent, shouting men down the street, and especially desperately trying to divert the pub’s attention, John quickly hops down from his bar stool, nearly knocking it over in the process. Searching for something, anything, he takes a run at the two-foot-tall stage (if it could be called that) where the piano is sitting in its out-of-place grandeur.
John recognises this tune. He has heard Sherlock play it before on occasion, but his main memory of classical violin pieces is much older, his relationship with music much more complex than his relationship with Sherlock. It is of secondary school concerts, where he would perform intricate piano classics while others would strum sultry guitars or whistle into flutes before he would marvel at a beautiful violinist and their melodies.  However apathetic John feels, his mind is now aroused by the current moment of luxury. In the present, he closes his eyes for just a brief moment, counting the
“Oh, yeah, you’re right! Haha, yeah I was at home with my mum,” he points to his head, hands shaking violently and breathing quickly, “She gets these migraines—“
A smile flickers across his face. John rises clumsily and rapidly so as not to draw any further attention. It’s no use, though, because people are still applauding and there’s even a hen-do of five or so ladies chanting “Encore! Encore!” in one corner. He breathes a quick “Thank you,” and trots off as if nothing had ever happened. The applause is loud and more than he expected, given how out of practice and rusty he is. He does not smile, nor keep his head up - instead, he nods calmly and turns away, where he meets Sherlock’s eyes at the edge of the stage once again.
“Well, I love you, too.”
“What?”
“...erectile dysfunction. Also I thought it'd be a nice surprise so we could go to the cinema a bit earlier. Jesus, I'm not that scary, am I?!”
“Yes, I’d say so,” he retorted. “Right, come on, we’re going.”
While Sherlock was getting clean, John fulfilled his duties and got on with tea-making. He placed a lemon (that looked a bit old, let’s be honest, but the thought was there) onto their only chopping board that wasn’t occupied with some manner of parts and sliced it thickly. He put the pieces into a teacup and added a teabag. Out of the cupboard, he then procured a jar of honey - Sherlock’s favourite thing - and spooned a large blob into the cup. The kettle was flicked on, and, as if on cue, out of the bathroom came Sherlock, scrubbing at his inextricably curly hair, sniffling all the while.
“It’s okay, darling. I know.”
“Sally!” While Lestrade found this equally hilarious, he did have a certain degree of decency. He was also a tiny bit intrigued. He couldn’t help it. He tried to get it out of them, but wanted to do it slightly less unsavourily.
“Shush. Stop right, there. Look at me.” They pulled away from one another’s cocoon of warmth, like two magnets being prised apart. The two glistening pairs of eyes locked. Both could feel each other’s warm, moist breath on their faces.
“Alright, lads?” Lestrade questioned, declared and answered all at once, as though he meant “It’s a good day, I’m alright, how are you, don’t bother asking about me because I’m feeling great.”
“You should get to bed now, Sherlock. I’ll make some tea.”
. A bloke in the back of the room shouts at him for blocking the telly, to which John raises an apologetic hand, but doesn’t move from his contorted position. John hears the man mumble ‘tosser’, and chooses to ignore it.
“…Christ.”
“I’d say that man’s really got the hots. Didn’t you see him leaning into you? Every word you said, his pupils dilated larger. I was holding his hands, remember. His pulse was so erratic, I wondered if he was going to have a panic attack or something. Could have been tachycardia but considering the calmness of his manner outside on the pavement, he was galvanised by you.”
Sherlock butts in with a firm “Yes, John.” John thinks it’s probably safe not to talk.
“Um. Thank you.”
“Lovebirds, more like. Domestic bliss?” The voice was not in sync with anyone’s mannerisms to Sherlock’s eye, but it was unmistakably the sarcastic tones of Sally Donovan. The obviously irritable woman emerged from behind the door to her office with a freshly made Cup-a-Soup. The ribbons of steam clouded her judgemental countenance - probably for the better.
Gleaming with raindrops in streetlight, the black cab pulls up effortlessly at 221 Baker Street. Sherlock gives the cabbie the appropriate change and sleekly swoops onto the pavement. The natural gravity of the car’s slant on the pavement along with the vehement breeze tilts the door shut effortlessly. He strides up to the door frame.
The first day at work after the ‘plan’ was initiated. The thing that was niggling on John’s mind up to this point was Scotland Yard’s reaction. All that would potentially stop the others noticing was not mentioning it. But trying to avoid the subject under the wrath of Greg Lestrade and his posse, who were forever on the lookout for clues as to their current relationship status, was futile. They had never explicitly confirmed that they were an item, but the others’ deductions were accurate enough that neither Sherlock nor John were required to do this.
As eloquent as he is, a single word comes out that seems to be the only one in the English language that encompasses his thoughts. “What??”
They came to the realisation in unison.
“John. I must be doing something wrong. I’m giving off the wrong signals. Even when I’m trying to be transparent, people are too stupid to figure me out! The world is too simple, too moronic, it truly is a burden, and those men were no different,’ he huffs, then he mumbles curses under his breaths and scrunches up tightly, again with adolescent moodiness.
How desperately he wants this to go alright.
They sip in silence for some moments while they regain consciousness and come into focus. However, it’s not awkwardness by any means. They are sitting so tightly next to each other in the centre of the double bed that there is enough room either side of the couple to fit two more people. John has found comfort using Sherlock’s chest as a pillow, his head rising and falling by minuscule measures with each of his lover’s breaths. Sherlock’s arm encases John’s torso around his back, and he is close enough to his head to smell his hair, the scent of which is powdery and musty and reminds him of home.
“Dry air irritates the membranes in the sinus, causing the symptoms of a cold to be more pronounced. And when consuming spicy foods your body will naturally loosen the mucus and phlegm that is clogging your body, and you might be able to breathe a bit better. Just thought I’d help you.”
“I love you, too. Rather a lot in fact.” They exchanged flirtatious smiles and both swigged a mouthful of their less-than-moreish drinks. The conversation began with the meek man they met in 221b.
John spoke, purely to break the silence. “Do you, er…want to go and give them back…now? I can go now if you like-“
“I thought you were some sort of atheist anti-Christ.”
John cuts a slice and puts it in his mouth. The squishy-sweet ribbons unfurl around his tongue and the warm, spicy sweetness spreads through his mouth and into his veins. Then, as if he didn't feel it before, he realises he is
John peers around the wall of the kitchen, the sash of his dressing gown trailing on the floor, such is his height (or lack thereof).
“Hm? Yeah, yeah, should be fine.”
Daydreaming has got the better of John and he’s now almost dozing off when the resonant sound of Sherlock’s footsteps approaches the doorway. He sits up and squints the final bits of comatose out from his eyelids. He gratefully accepts the tea off of Sherlock and sits up against the bedhead. Sherlock shakes his pillow and pats it a few times, then joins John again under the sheets, also with a steaming mug in his other hand.
“Oh, I see. Interesting, considering one of your acquaintances here tells me you’ve been here all week?” He leans even more authoritatively onto the countertop, sliding his hands over it, oppressive. “I wonder why?”
“Oh really? Let me ask you,
The corners of John’s mouth ascended into a small, albeit damp smile. Sherlock had always admired John’s ability to add positivity back into situations where it had been rid of such stuff. He had always stood by the fact that he was an unbeatable conductor of light, after all. They both straightened up and snickered quietly - a secret, treasured laugh, that was only theirs to keep. The sight of Sherlock’s many laugh-lines rippling against his cheeks made John feel infinitely warm and melty.
“I hope you’re both happy together.”
The awkwardness was unbearable. However, they both knew that each other knew.
“If you must know, then no, we are not married, alright?”
John now decides it’s probably best not to ask if Daniel was found.
Both clocking this at the same time, they mutually, telepathically decide to say nothing and at least try to act normal. Of course, this is impossible. Well then.
His dad. There was no escaping him, the constant tuttings and discriminations. John distinctly recalls his father’s vehement tone, and himself repeating over and over, aggressively defiant: “Please! Harry’s allowed - why can’t
“One of my patients cancelled and Yvonne said she’d cover the other for me. She knew I…”
“Yes, in fact, Sally,” Sherlock responded with self-assurance and no anger whatsoever (he thought).
A discordant note precedes a halt in the music, then Sherlock drops his arms, bow scraping the floor, disrupted. “Ahem, er, yes--how did you know?” He looks at John, surprised and confused as he furrows his eyebrows.
“Er…right. Try Shaftesbury? Soho?”
“Shut up. Tom yum?”
“Spit it out, Sherlock…”
“No, Sally, we are not! It’s a facade. For- for Albert’s sake, and ours. He fancies me - or rather, Sherlock seems to think so.”
John is leaning against the bar, looking in no particular direction, vehemently denying any drinks, phone numbers or ‘cheeky snogs’ because he would rather be anywhere else but here. Well. Maybe.
“Ah. Thanks, sweetheart.” Sherlock gladly received the cup and John snickered with a mixture of pride and love and glee. He wandered off to make his own.
John rests in his chair that has moulded to his figure, holding precariously a cup of coffee in one hand and a pancake on a plate in another - the syrup bottle is situated underneath his arm but he has no choice but to hold it as loosely as possible - stickiness on Sherlock’s dressing gown could cost him his relationship.
Back at his table, John watches Yourrell from behind as Sherlock interrogates him. Spying furtively, he can see Yourrell’s hand slip under the bar, reaching for something small and metallic.
John holds the phone out to Sherlock, who snatches it back with stroppiness. He latches onto heavy eye contact for longer than is normal, brushing the front of his shirt flat and holding the phone below the table so John can’t see it. The least he can do is gain back a tad of ground, of dignity. “It’s not Keith. He has tachycardia, therefore palpitations and shakes all the time. Wouldn’t handle the intensity of stabbing. Besides, the wound is from a kitchen knife and he lives in shared accommodation. Easy access? I should think not...Thomasina said she was in bed--she was telling the truth, her son has cerebral palsy and she’s a single full-time mum slash carer. That leaves Otto and Joseph. They been questioned yet?”
Into John’s ears and thoughts flows again the transcendent whine of the violin, or, rather, the violinist, starting to play again. This excerpt of Violin Concerto Opp. 77 in D sounds different to how John has heard it before, much slower and more graceful that he remembers, and he knows it is because Sherlock is the one playing. Something about the music mixes with the heaviness in his soul, characterising the emotion. He doesn’t know how to feel about this. Some things should be expressed, sung out - but sometimes, people turn against those who do so. Through life, John had been taught to keep silent, no matter how important the issue was to himself. So that’s what he’s been doing all this time. Right now, he feels like the best thing to do is escape the situation, detract from these thoughts. So, he sighs, “I’m going for a shower,” and then he’s out of the room.
“John. In what universe do I look like a
Sherlock continues steadily playing the piece of music that John recognises knowing he will still hear it from the bathroom; maybe he will like the background noise. He plays with more verve at this idea. Every one of his fingers on the strings quiver with vibrato, the bows long and lyrical. He allows his legs to carry him closer to the bathroom, unaware at first that he’s moving, but eager for John to listen. He wonders if it’s just the music he wants him to hear. The space around him glows ever more, the dim, orange fireplace and the glistening mahogany mantel. Sherlock takes a second to appreciate being around here, in this flat - his home. Each note of the tune spreads a certain ardour down his body, through his bloodstream, down his spine, the knowing that John is appreciative of him and that he is on the other side of that door, listening.
“Okay, cheers, we’re onto it - bye, Greg.” He swiftly hangs up and immediately picks up a jacket.
John secretly liked evenings like this. As hard as it was for Sherlock - he’d become so much more sensitive to cases involving children since Rosie became part of their lives - he loved the feeling that he could protect Sherlock, the way Sherlock has done for him all this time. As he flicked on the kettle, he could hear the phlump sound, indicating nothing other than Sherlock’s body giving way and tumbling onto his bed.
Come on, Sherlock, John thought. Making a fuss was the opposite of what Sherlock would ever do (as everyone knows, this wasn’t always true, but in illness terms, he would never complain), and, if left up to him, he could probably act like a cyst the size of a King Edward potato was just a zit. John knew a thing or two about seeing through naivety.
“Ooh, I bet it was really romantic. Somewhere warm? Tenerife? You looked into each other’s eyes, said ‘I Do’, then ran off into the sunset and gave each other head!”
“Okay. See you in a minute.” In a moment of unease, Sherlock figures he could buy some privacy by way of escaping the awkwardness. John seems to be holding himself stiffer than normal and refusing to meet Sherlock’s eyes in conversation. Sherlock can’t work out why John would be in this ‘off’ mood. Did he do something wrong? That seems to be an uncommon feeling, one he is certainly unfamiliar with. Thinking about it further, he could perhaps impress his friend by making dinner--that is a rare occurrence. He wonders what is so compelling to him that he will actually leave the room in order to avoid this unknown embarrassment. Widening his eyes and sighing deeply with confusion, Sherlock stomps over to the kitchen to make ‘pasta with some kind of sauce’.
“Everything okay? You worked out who did it?”
They dine in silence, Sherlock with a fork in his right hand and his phone in his left, thumb-scrolling down his inbox. On occasion, he glances over to look at John, who seems to be gratefully stuffing his dinner down. That’s nice to see. He pulls a concentrated sort of expression when he’s eating, Sherlock’s always noticed that-- maybe it’s the creases that striate his forehead, or the rounded angle of his clenched jaw, peppered with stubble. With John’s hair being a bit longer and in need of a trim nowadays, little wispy fronds fall down his forehead, which is also...pleasing. John's voice breaks the easy silence and calls his focus back to work, gesturing towards the phone in his hand with his fork. “Anything worth mentioning?”
“You want me to wear one of those?”
They were still loosely wrapped in each others’ arms.
“Right. He’s slap-bang in the centre of town, about half an hour from you. Half that if you taxi it. He might have moved about by the time you get there so keep an eye out. He has a bright blue quiff, proper Elvis-esque, you won’t miss him.”
“A chat, rather, if you wouldn’t mind. You familiar with Nik Mazur?” Sherlock leans sleekly on the bar, pressing his palms together in front of his lips, eyes narrowed.
“I do love you.”
He doesn’t have long to compose himself. Act normal. He unravels the black silk-blend scarf from around his neck and hangs it on its designated coat hook. The long military jacket that could only be his is peeled from his being, ridden of excess rainwater by way of meaningless flapping, and slung atop the scarf. He brushes himself down - as if of the remaining pieces of his grievances - and rests down into the supple leather that has moulded into his figure.
With this, Sherlock goes back into his mind and resumes his playing. By rote, he plays the melody, but his attention is focused on John’s comment, in which he very rightly named this rather obscure piece of music. Only someone as invested in music as himself, perhaps, would know to identify that tune. In the four years they have known one another, Sherlock has not deduced this dimension about John--his perception of what is ‘common knowledge’. John seems to be so simple, so predictable--but he always manages to surprise him.
, you’re really bad at it.” Except he isn’t, not really.
One day, after Albert had left, when they were both still sat in their chairs in a similar manner to the first day they met him, Sherlock announced, “I’ve got an idea.”
The misty grey of the morning enlivened into a clearer, whiter sky. John left for work fairly early, while Sherlock slumbered. When, again, he did rise, he immediately remembered what he needed to do today.
Snapping out of his fantasies - that was for later, he thought - he reminded himself he needed to speak. “Well - I liked it, too.”
As his work grinds to a solemn halt, the white noise grows forward in his ears. Swellings and twinkling vibrato swirl around the air inside this dimly lit, warm room. The purple-reds and golds in the decor seem to glimmer that much brighter when Sherlock plays his incandescent waltzes. Some peculiar feeling resonates inside his bones, a sensation that has not come to him for some time, being roused and rectified by Sherlock.
“Charming. But he did not fancy me. The only people who think I’m attractive are assassins, liars and sociopaths, apparently.”
“Haha. Yeah, that’d be awkward. We don’t want a repeat of earlier.”
“Are you going to just choose one? You’re bloody picky. People need help, you need cash, I need more followers.” He tries to snatch the phone, grabbing at it, but Sherlock’s grip tightens to the point that the tips of his fingers whiten with the effort. “Oi, give me the bloody phone--” John grunts with intolerance as Sherlock keeps the firm grasp for no other reason but to annoy his friend.
- they’ve got a decent-sounding case, and Sherlock is being playful rather than irate and/or miserable, his usual state. He’s content, but...uncomfortable with his contentedness. He deduces that it’s this - Sherlock’s mood is unusual, off-putting almost...but he cannot think why. It’s not something he’s accustomed to; he knows if anything, it made him uneasy enough to want to leave the room, which is very strange indeed. Overwhelmed is the word.
“Oh, shush, come on now,” John comforted his more-than-friend, “It’s done, it’s over - we’re safe and that’s important.”
John snickers. To be honest, he knows that taking the piss is always Sherlock’s forte. He loves and hates it in equal measures.
“Right, Michaela was at the restaurant on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day, we can rule her out - there’s a chance it could be a jealous brother, but Joe’s alibi seems pretty strong…same goes for James…dammit!!” He was annoyed and sniffed a deep lungful.
Whilst John is away in his mind and memories, Sherlock has the duty of morning tea. The kitchen is so small that you can sit at the dining table, get something out of the fridge and open the oven door all at the same time - well, if you were endowed with long limbs, that is. He reaches for the two designated mugs and places a teabag in each. He’s flicked the kettle on subconsciously prior, so the water is ready in the time he’s had chance to think. Water, then stir and wait. Take the teabag out, splash of milk. He pads back into their bedroom and opens the door to be greeted by a flurry of warm, moist air that smells of fresh sheets and sleep and John.
“Please.” John lifted his glass to his mouth before wincing and scrunching his nose up disgust, then placing it down again. “You know what, this beer’s shite. Can we go home, love?”
“It’s mutual. Fully, absolutely…embarrassingly, 100% mutual. I think I might love you as well.”
“How so?”
“See you - thanks again!”
“Call him again.”
“Catch.” John nods as if it’s a warning, then swings the bottle to his partner. Of course, Sherlock retrieves it neatly in one hand.
The moment was still. John slipped away towards the door of the bedroom in his embarrassing navy slippers that he only kept for home. His fingers just touched the doorknob when he heard, “Lie with me.”
Sherlock watches John exit the room, huffing as he goes. Why should he be so upset now? They’ve had dinner - hell, Sherlock
John ignores this, half because he can’t be arsed with Sherlock being cocky and half because his voice is muted almost completely by the throbbing bass of the trance music in this gay bar. Gay bar. Yes, that’s where they are. The room is hot and moist and the lights spasm in crimson, blue and green. There are couples grinding on one another and sucking on each other’s necks sloppily, while others surreptitiously whisper and writhe in darkened corners. Sherlock and John are undercover and of course, it had to be in this
Sherlock flippantly waves a hand above him with an air of femininity and innocence. “I have never done anything wrong, ever, in my life, John.”
“My mum used to do this every year. Seems only right to carry on the tradition.”
“Thought that'd be a pretty straightforward one for the great Sherlock Holmes, no?”
Realising what he’d just said, neither of them replied. A pause.
They end the erratic commentary by sighing, and John kissing Sherlock’s temple, followed by tracing his neck with his fingertips. “I love you really”. And Sherlock feels it was worth being born just to hear him say that.
“You’re putting me off,” Sherlock mumbles lowly, his still playing becoming less prominent. Peace could only last so long, John guesses. He opens his sticky eyes and gruffly clears his throat.
Sherlock and John eat in companionable silence. Sherlock isn’t completely delighted by this case, which is worth no more than a dull ‘six’ - a murder, yes, but a one-dimensional one. Yourrell has the distinct talent of turning murder into something unexciting. He hadn’t any interesting motives, not even any body parts hidden under the floorboards. Anyhow, John seems harmoniously satisfied with his IPA and a prawn biryani. It would simply be rude to interrupt his pleasure.
me for those two years, Sherlock!”
“It’s alright.”
They’re still wondering how the hell they got here, the pair of them. The soldier and the genius. Lying on the crisp linen, enveloped in the ivory duvet and each others’ embraces. Sherlock’s chin rests nicely on John’s downy silver scalp, both of his arms surrounding his ribs and his palms pressed on his pectorals. They aren’t rock-hard, like a gym-bunny’s. They’re just John. Sherlock’s slender legs, lengthy by comparison to his counterpart’s, bunch up around John’s figure, their waists adjacent to one another’s.
The rest of the day was as normal. By the end of it, both Sherlock and John had near enough forgotten that that morning had ever even happened.
“I’m not sure how feelings work, but you’re really important to me and you make me feel good, so…I think I-“
It’s been 10 minutes and Sherlock is back at the entrance where John is making himself as scarce as possible. Sherlock strides with an air of smugness up to John, his hair slightly mussed and holographic glitter striated across a cheekbone, highlighting its prominence yet more. Pissed off, John can’t help but think Oh God, what’s he been up to now?
“Ah. Yes, it’s--really quite astounding. Beautiful, even.” Sherlock looks relieved as a taxi appears down the street, hailing it effortlessly. John reckons it’s just a good excuse to look away. Turning back around, he asks, “Are we off?” His breaths rather resemble sighs, deep and cool and shaking. His eyes move around until settling to gaze uncomfortably at the starless night sky.
“Well, I mean…common knowledge, isn’t it? Concerto Op. 77 in D?” John’s heart begins to race. He clears his throat again before swivelling back to his desk, shaking his head fiercely and returning to his blog drabble as if nothing had ever happened.
“I’m knackered. Anyway, you should get to bed reasonably early.”
John’s decided he’s too tired for this, and with a cheeky smile, his last line is, “Piss off. We’re too old to be having squabbles.”
“Fifteen.
The boys had previously agreed that Sherlock did the talking. “Er, actually, we’ve got one - an affair. He’s a…friendly…kind of - er, man.” Sherlock nodded and inhaled to make it clear that he’d finished his sentence, and someone break the silence, please. “Goes by Albert Strong,” he managed to force out.
“Erm…er, I was here. Working.” He says the last word to the floor, scratching the back of his head. Sherlock finds this hilarious fun. He can't blow his cover, though, so remains poker-faced.
“Greg says right in the centre, so we’ll have to get a taxi. Tube’s too unpredictable at this time of night.”
“Oh, don’t worry, darling, I’m already there.”
“Here. No sugar, it will keep you awake.”
“I’ve, um…been thinking about your response…to this…thing…I was going to ask—um, tell you…”
The lump in John’s throat grows to the point of being unable to breathe. He’s miscalculated, and his thoughts tumble rapidly in his mind like a waterfall.
. There is a particular option that intrigues him, which sets a warm weight atop his heart. His muscles retract. It feels...curious indeed.
