“I’m still tired.”
He feels suddenly uncomfortable in his old suit. He shouldn’t be; the uniform is worn out, the leather has taken the form of his body after all these years of use. It remembers him.
Instead, he nods, gets up, washes his face, and follows Tony out of the room.
“Oh. Oh, alright.”
She nods, and then leaves.
Tony walks around the bed again, stops when he’s in front of Steve. He stands there like that, short, almost naked, hurt, tired. Bruised—hip and shoulder and pride and heart.
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Can you say it again? Please.”
He just hopes there hasn’t been an alien invasion while he’s been in bed with Steve.
Steve brings him coffee from the kitchen, and he drinks it quickly.
“Yeah. It’s... I don’t know. We’re working on it. There are rough patches. This whole thing… it messed him up, Sam.
“What?”
Tony frees himself of the helmet and Steve brushes his lips against his and tells him that it’s okay. That it’s fine and he understands. That he doesn’t have to do it; that it was a bad idea to begin with. That he’d do it for him, if Tony wants him to.
It’s okay, it’s not Tony’s fault. It’s just his age; he can’t do anything about his age.
“Yeah? What’d he say?”
The crack of the thunder wakes him up. It’s so violent Steve almost fears the sky is going to split open and fall onto him.
No. He couldn’t.
“Yeah. Yeah.” Tony lowers his gaze, fiddles with his hands. Opens his mouth as if to say something else, then thinks better of it and closes it again.
“For what it’s worth, he doesn’t blame you. No one does. So don’t start all on your own.”
He pushes another finger in, makes Tony groan, and rubs his prostate when he finds it, which only makes Tony groan louder.
He’s here.
“Shh—”
“Alright. Still need to wash though.”
A beat, Tony turns to look briefly into Steve’s eyes.
, and Tony said,
“Good morning,” he says, sweet.
Steve needs to breathe, he needs to calm down, he needs to take a minute and collect his thoughts but everything is so
It’s true. He didn’t want to hide it specifically from Steve. He wanted to hide it from everyone.
When Tony breaks the kiss, Steve twists around on the bed to retrieve the bottle of lube they keep in the bedside table. “Hurry up,” Tony says, “I wanna come on your fingers,” and Steve pauses, shocked, pleased, happy. They have done this many times, but tonight feels different.
He feels like he’s falling. Deep and deeper in the abyss. Nothing to stop him.
There’s a light in Tony’s eyes. Something that Steve has seen only a few times. After they defeated the Chitauri and saved New York. When Steve told him,
His mother’s pain, served in black ink, on blue paper. He was never meant to listen to those words, but now that he has, he feels his life split in two: before these words, and after them. And he’s so tired of words cutting his life into chunks. Of feeling the knowledge work inside him and change him, twisting around his guts like food gone bad that he ate anyway.
“It’s normal that you’d miss him.”
“You had something in mind?”
His mind fractures; the pieces are scattered away like leaves in the wind.
Tony’s on the floor, near the desk. The vase that was on it fell down, but it didn’t break. Tony’s trying to get up, holding his left arm close to his chest.
Which means: Steve’s erection is so intense that it’s almost painful, pressing against Tony’s naked ass under the covers. He rubs at him a bit, to take the edge off, but Tony is still fast asleep.
Bucky drags in a deep breath, and takes his hand away. He pours a cup of coffee for Tony and one for himself. He hides his face into it for a moment, gearing up to say something. Tony can already guess what it is.
Suddenly, Steve’s fingers disappear from Tony’s mouth, even though the one in his ass is still there. He feels Steve shift on the bed, so Tony opens his eyes, curious.
“It’s irresistible, isn’t it? Hope.”
Steve rolls over onto him then, heavy and dejected, and fucks into him without saying a word, without even looking at Tony, but this time it’s not out of mindless arousal. It’s awkward and miserable and sordid and Steve tries to go along with it anyway, he really tries. He kisses Tony and stares in his eyes while he caresses his hair, and he tries to share something with him through the bond. But then he shakes his head and sighs and says, “I’m sorry, I can’t,” and he pulls out and sits on the edge of the bed and Tony wants to die.
Steve appears next to him. He drags the cowl down and Tony looks at him and wants to laugh when he sees his hair, all messed up and sweaty and standing up in spikes.
“I did. Are you happy?”
They’ll have to make a new announcement. Tell everyone that the wedding’s off. It won’t be hard to make it believable. Tony’s Tony, after all; he’s always been.
“I’m here, I’m here, sweetheart. I’m not… I went to the bathroom, I’m sorry.”
Tony gets plenty of daily practice in denying himself the things his biology wants, but he can’t stop himself from taking advantage of the helmet still hiding the direction of his gaze. He watches Steve, watches his muscles move while he walks, his broad shoulders, his beautiful abs, his strong thighs. The shape of his soft cock in his underwear. He remembers the scent of the hollow of Steve’s throat. He remembers Steve’s teeth sinking into his skin for the first time.
“Steve—”
“Tony—”
“She is. I was thinking we could go to Florence tomorrow. Then the day after, in the afternoon, we could leave.”
“You wouldn’t be the first Saint of the Catholic Church to like dick, don’t flatter yourself.”
That’s what Tony wanted him to do in Berlin; that was what FDR’s pen was meant to accomplish: compromise.
Steve had hoped it’d be the same for him. But this is a mercy no god will grant him. He should’ve known.
here. Always
“You’re weird today.”
Sistema Sanitario Nazionale (National Health System).
When he doesn’t feel his heart in his throat anymore, he puts his shirts back on and leaves the café.
The urn feels incredibly small in his hands, but also surprisingly heavy all of a sudden.
with his bare hands because he ruined his baby girl’s party.
“Yeah. It has,” Steve says, pressing his lips together in a discontentment Tony can’t explain at first.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to—”
They taught Sarah to be strong and kind.
Tony is incredibly pissed off about that.
“I had lunch with Carol,” Steve says. Right, Tony thinks. People who don’t have kids have time to have lunch with their friends on a Wednesday. He remembers that.
“He hurt me. He’s everything I hate. But the way he hurt you… No punishment feels big enough.”
“She’s upstairs if you want to—”
Maybe they can talk.
“If you don’t want it—”
“She’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” he whispers in the end. “Person, I mean. She’s a person.”
The words were spoken in such a straightforward way, he didn’t make a big deal out of what Steve did at all. He just laughed it off, but didn’t dismiss it with easy camaraderie. He referenced to their night together casually, but not regretfully or mockingly. He just mentioned it, described it simply but precisely, straight to the point.
“Tony—”
“How is... how is he?” Tony stares at the wall.
Steve is sitting on one of the couches in the library. It’s not late, but the sky is already completely dark, and Steve has the lamp on. Light and shadow chase each other over his face and make him look like a chiaroscuro study. He’s reading something, a novel. He’s wearing gray sweatpants and a white t-shirt. Tony looks at himself, and the only thing that’s different is that his t-shirt is black.
But they need to focus. They need to understand where they are and if and how they can leave, if and how they can call for help. Tony needs to concentrate and free them both, so Steve can fight their way out of this mess and take Tony home, to safety. To Sarah.
. “Sorry. I should’ve known. I should’ve checked on you afterwards. But I shouldn’t have hurt you in the first place because… because...”
“What if we end up really not agreeing on anything? What if the whispering thing stops working?”
Full of Steve.
“Come to the bedroom?” Tony asks with a sweet smile, tilting his head to the side, and Steve’s knees do a weird thing while the air gets stuck in his throat.
He’s here. He’s really here.
Two years later, in 1955, Antonio opened his atelier in Manhattan. Before putting up the sign on the entrance door, though, he changed the family name to Carbonell, which proved to be a wise marketing move.
He sits on the bed while he waits for Steve to be done in the bathroom, and thinks about the day, about Steve’s recounting of what happened.
Steve leans on his desk, hand splayed on the hard surface. He spreads his legs and waits, hears Tony fumbling with the bottle of lube Steve left on the bed for him.
He sits on the edge of the bed, looks out of the window for a moment. He reaches down to pick up a t-shirt from the floor, cleans himself up with it. He looks at himself, and he indulges in a minute of defeated commiseration—he even thinks,
He watches Tony’s throat start working in order to swallow but Steve tugs at his hair and says, “Don’t… Keep it there,” and Tony waits for him to pull out, then shuts his mouth and his eyes and keeps Steve’s come on his tongue like he’s been told.
“Sore.”
“I wasn’t kidding when I said I love you, you know.”
Warnings: discussion of various medical issues and procedures / mild self-harm / preparing a fish for cooking (the description is not too gory, but it's detailed enough that some people could find it upsetting, so be careful).
Steve lets a few seconds pass. Silence.
“She gave one to me before leaving. She kept the other. So we wouldn’t forget each other.”
. And just like that night, Tony presses Steve’s open palm over the reactor.
“Hello, Tony,” he says.
He looks around himself while he runs, at the seemingly endless expanse of the countryside. He wonders if the landscape will change at one point or another, but no, it’s more of the same for miles and miles. The sun beats down on him relentlessly, on the cypresses lining the way to a farmhouse, on the small lakes he sees at the base of this or that hill, on the precise geometry that decorates the gentle slopes of the landscape, created by the irregular transitions from one crop to another—sunflowers, wheat, olive trees, vineyards, orchards.
I don't want tony to be unhappy. I don't want him to live even a single day like the many Howard gave me. I've always been unhappy, Stella, except for those two beautiful summers we spent together, except the moments when I take my child in my arms and I delude myself that I can keep him safe from the rest of the world.
He reaches up to rip the velcro keeping the wrap around one of Tony’s hand in place, and begins unwrapping it, the narrow strip of beige fabric unraveling while Steve pulls it in the opposite direction, over and over, as fast as the length of his arm will let him. When he has half of it undone, he wraps his own hand with it in a certain way, does the same for Tony’s, then links their hands together and—
Steve nods, “But not upstairs.”
“You don’t have to tell me. I’m just saying. I’m not stupid.”
On the very first page, Steve’s handwriting says,
There’s no betrayal coming from Steve’s end of the bond. No recrimination, no hate. There’s just quiet acceptance, a calm and personal grief. A goodbye, an
“Tony, listen. There’s a line between liking it rough and being self-destructive. I know you can handle rough. I’m not holding myself back, not like before, I swear. But I’m not too keen on breaking your hips. Alright?”
They name her Maria.
He drags the cradle into the bathroom. He leaves the door open so she won’t get too warm. He takes his much-needed shower.
Tony stays perfectly still and doesn’t say anything.
“I bought it.”
“Tired?”
“Nothing could be further from the truth. Don’t try to spin it like this. This isn’t how it went. You know that.”
Steve’s worried about him. Which means Steve will do anything in his power to make Tony’s life easier—he’ll take upon himself every task, smooth over any hardship, anticipate all of Tony’s needs.
and an air of finality, his shoulders tense up under Steve’s scrutiny. He closes his eyes, takes a deep breath, opens his eyes again and turns to look at Steve. “Thank you. For helping me,” he says, and Steve’s breath catches in his throat.
His hands are tight on the steering wheel, knuckles whitening with the force of his grip. Sweat darkens the armpits of his t-shirt and drips down his temple. There’s a very thin metal chain at his neck, elegant, clearly a piece of jewelry. There’s something attached to it, Steve can see it beneath Tony’s t-shirt, but he can’t make out what it is. Something round, with an uneven surface.
A very pink blush spreads over Steve’s cheeks, his neck, his ears.
And then, his scent. Oh, his scent is…
When the song finishes, Tony breathes in and out as if to calm himself, and then turns to look at Steve. He’s already staring, eyes rapt, lips parted in wonder. He sweeps a hand over his mouth.
The tiny space between the
But there’s no reason to fight. It’s almost over.
Steve gets to work. There’s fresh bread in the pantry, prosciutto crudo in the fridge. It’ll give Tony energy.
, he doesn’t say,
It happens like most things happen in Tony’s mind: all at once, abruptly, but not exactly unexpectedly. There’s an anticipation to it, a vibration inside him, something that tells him,
Tony settles into bed; the sheets feel nice and cool on his skin. The French window is open, but the screen door is closed to keep the mosquitoes out. A soft breeze blows into the room, a relief after so many hours of relentless sun. The bedroom door, which Tony has left ajar on purpose, lets a slice of light creep into the room. He stares at it slashing through the shadows.
The white trail, the dust, the countryside, a beautiful church so close to them. In ruins, and prettier than ever because of it. The way Steve feels about it is peculiar; it’s the same way he feels when he looks at Tony, more or less naked, and finds bruises in the shape of his own hand on his hip. When he thinks about how Tony said it, that he liked the way it felt the first time, after their night together. The night they made love.
“Half the team despises me.”
He’s in Steve’s mind, Tony, trying to guide him to reason, but thinking is such hard work, and Steve is so tired, so tired of everything that isn’t Tony sitting on his face or his lap, he’s not picky.
Okay, okay. Steve tries to remain calm and be confident that he can contain the second disaster of the day. Possibly—ideally—without Tony noticing. Pretending to straighten his sweater, Steve covers his crotch with it, even though his jeans already hide most of his, uh, problem.
“I knew you… but I didn’t think—”
“Stop thinking what you’re thinking.”
He’s an idiot. He’s an idiot and he ruins everything and everyone he touches. He’s like a poison to Steve and to Sarah.
“‘It’s way overpriced,’ said the billionaire who could literally buy all the restaurants in the city with the spare change in his pocket.”
He rests his forehead against the tiles and imagines himself taking a walk along the abandoned bond in his mind. He sees it, as most people say they do, like a beam of light, one side of which is lost in the darkness of his mind’s horizon.
“Okay. You want some breakfast?”
“We’ve been in the tub for over an hour.”
Silence stretches on between them, and Tony is panicking and scrambling to find something else to say, but Steve snorts, huffs a small laugh and—
“Please, Tony. Please.”
But that’s how the bond works, he supposes. It helps you be what you need to be, what your mate needs you to be, for the bond itself to prosper.
Steve picks up the sling and Tony lets him put it on. He plays with it, sliding his fingers up and down the strap a few times while he stares into Tony’s eyes.
So maybe it’s that. Maybe Tony is very sensitive, gets really overwhelmed and worked up during sex, to the point of tears, and needs to build trust, go slow, step by step.
“Yeah. Let me wrap this up, okay?”
blue. Of all things, Steve can’t believe that what had faded from his memory was just how deep the blue of Tony’s eyes is. Only reality can do it justice.
“I’m sorry, Steve, I’m... That kid died... it’s all my fault.”
At that moment, a jet starts assembling on the grass a few feet away from them.
He looks small like this, but not weak. Quite the contrary, in fact. His arms and shoulders are muscled, he is visibly strong. His chest is garbled with scars, but toned. His abs are defined; there’s just a thin layer of fat around his navel, which Steve finds so beautiful it’s disarming, honestly, just thinking about it makes him—
Until, well. It does.
“That’s a low bar, Rogers.”
than fight him again.
This is what they are. Together.
Tony doesn’t seem to be hurt. Not physically.
Steve surges forward and wraps Tony up in his arms, and doesn’t let him go even if the first contact makes Tony jump, like touching a live wire. It’s too much, it’s too much. Steve is stroking Tony’s back with his warm hand and it’s just too much.
Tony takes the glass of water with trembling fingers, drinks it slowly. Steve passes him a damp towel, and he wipes at his face, the cold clearly soothing on his heated skin.
“I can feel you thinking,” Steve slurs, still half asleep.
“I’ll cry, too.”
“What do you mean, half to death?” Steve’s tone is icy with hostile curiosity.
I think about all the things I wish I had done, said.
“You’re not even a bad singer.”
about it, or all the jokes the tabloids make about Captain America, the first fossil, dating Iron Man, the golden fossil. Steve loves Tony just the way he is. Tony is just Tony, the man who has fought at Steve’s side for thirteen years as they saved the world.
“Hi, Nat,” they say together, and she rolls her eyes, fond.
“You can rest.”
Steve pulls away and rubs Tony’s lips with his fingers, caresses his chin and his neck. Steve’s hand brushes over Tony’s chest then, over his soft belly that never quite went back to being toned after he had Sarah. Finally, Steve’s hand curls around Tony’s erection, hanging hard and painful between his thighs.
“Ross wanted to kill you.”
He cups Tony’s face with his hand. Tony had forgotten how warm Steve’s hands are.
There are roses. They taste blue.
“James.”
He doesn’t want to think about his own trust for Steve, buried under Siberian ice, with so many other pieces of his life.
“I want you. More than I’ve ever wanted anything else in my life. But not like this. Not while we are like this.”
But she’s his. She’s his like nothing else has ever been.
“It doesn’t change the facts,” Tony replies, relentless, “she always tried to keep him away from me. Tried to get between our fights, tried to…” Tony dips his chin to his chest and moans, unable to describe it further. “When I had the chance to get out of there, go to school, I took it. I didn’t think that it meant leaving her alone with him.”
“Fuck me,” he whispers against Steve’s skin, and a shiver makes its way down Steve’s back.
He stifles it down, someway, somehow. There are tears in his eyes for the effort and Steve’s gaze now is panicked and worried.
, and Tony isn’t stopping, Tony can’t, and it’s so—
“Oh, uhm… sorry,” Steve says from the door.
He runs away, to his mom.
He thinks about everything he has survived.
So he does what Tony said, and he thinks about Bucky, about all the stupid shit they did together when they were kids, and all the pain and the loss too, and he hopes more than anything that this is the last time Bucky will be hurt like this, that after this last effort things will look up for him, that after this last wound he will have peace and a chance to heal, and Natasha’s arms to welcome him and keep him safe every night.
“No. No, I won’t.”
“Everything. This thing with the stones… it terrifies me. Because it terrifies you, I think, and it makes me… anxious. Because if you don’t know what to do, then who does?”
And it’s not like he’d masturbate, even if he were able to. Keeping quiet would be quite the feat for Tony, but Steve would hear him in any case. The slap of skin against skin, the bracelet scraping over his right wrist. Steve could smell it, no matter how quickly Tony cleaned up the tiles.
“Forgiveness. Yours.”
Tony is no more. He’ll never be again.
“Daa,” she says, looking up from her Mulan book to stare at him like he’s stupid.
“Did you really want to kill me?” Tony asks, and he tries to be as gentle as Steve in his cruelty, but he can’t pull it off.
“No, I just... I was just thinking... you’re a good person too, Steve. I don’t... I’m still angry and—” Tony sighs, because this is unexpectedly hard to get out. “I’m still mad at you. But I don’t think that keeping that thing from me makes you a bad person. I don’t think you’re bad, and I don’t think you’re bad to me.”
. He pants, closes his eyes as he’s flooded with relief. He sits up and looks around the room to ground himself in reality, but it takes a few minutes, his mind fights against it.
“He was the most vicious warrior. He was bloodthirsty and fearless.”
He hates this. He hates every second of this.
“Tony—”
“I’m in love with you.”
“Yeah. Of course,” he croaks out.
When Tony opens his eyes it’s not raining anymore. Sunshine is streaming into the room, and it’s warm again, but not too much—it’s still early enough in the morning, and there’s a lot of humidity left in the air.
Steve is trying to… but he can’t, he can’t relax, God, he’s so—
“You were right, Tony. Mending the bond triggered this. Plus, you finally made your nest. It’s only normal that he’d want to… well, expand the family. Technically.”
They say goodbye after that, affectionately, and with more promises to call each other, text, meet. Steve watches the man—
They clean up quickly, limiting everything to the necessary body parts. They can’t really do anything more with both their brains going
Riri lifts her head again, swallows her tears, and says, “I should’ve told you. But he—” she shakes her head, and scoffs, “No, I can’t blame it all on him. I agreed to it… Hell, it was basically my idea. Well, not that he’d…
Tony drags in a breath.
He hears noise on the other side. He can’t tell what’s going on. The line is disturbed, as though the phone isn’t working all that properly. There are ragged, shallow breaths.
While they eat, Tony smiles at Steve more, more openly, even if there’s still a bit of uncertainty underneath the surface of his expression, and his little grin sometimes doesn’t quite reach his eyes. Still, Steve beams at him in response, encouraging, welcoming. It’s the only thing he can do.
Sure, Steve could’ve said something right away and not just lie there straining to keep himself from laughing in Tony’s face, but, well, this is ridiculous, after all. It’s not Steve’s fault.
“I love you,” he says, and Tony gives him a hesitant, abortive smile, defeat still evident in his eyes, now full of tears.
That was all it took. And then at night, I’d come down from the rush and think,
“Yeah! The other parents do it all the time. They say,
He thinks about all the people who hate him, all the people he has let down, everyone he has disappointed and hurt. He thinks about his misguided attempts at redeeming himself, about how he only made it worse, only caused more death, more pain, more suffering to innocent lives that did not deserve the incommensurable misfortune of Tony Stark crossing the path of their peaceful existences.
Tony takes the first shower. He’s quick, and comes out of the bathroom already dressed in fresh clothes, his dirty ones wrapped up in a bundle he puts in a plastic bag.
“I know, but I’ll be fine. Soon. Promise. Here, come up here—”
Tony considers this. “Yeah. Okay.”
So much for being a master strategist.
“Try using the toys, Steve. We’ll figure something out in the meantime.”
He’s completely still. His hands have gone limp. Tony takes one, cups his own ass with it. “You want this too, right? You did, the other day. Just think about it. Just like that night. You’re gonna come deep inside me. Nice and hot. I’m gonna let you.”
“Where are they now? Can they hurt other dads?”
“It’s been a process, that’s for sure. But even back when we first met, I knew you weren’t the Tony Stark of the newspapers.”
“Well, it’s not almonds, but it’s not bad.”
The way her chapped lips touched the glass Steve would hold for her, in the last days. How she always felt sorry for the way she had made Steve, but never said it, and Steve never ever thought it was her fault that she had made him like that, small and frail and weak and sick.
“That’s bullshit. There are doctors, there are—”
“Better. Sorry about—”
Tony just looks at him. Opens his mouth, closes it. Opens it again, closes it again. His brain is working. He lowers his head, sighs. He’s tired. “I’m sorry. Guess the three missed orgasms explain why I’m being such an asshole.”
Steve takes off his shirt, wipes the tears on his face with it.
“I’m okay, Mr. Stark. Everything’s okay. No one’s hurt.”
Tony walks towards him. He’s free. And he looks terrible.
When the pasta is ready, Tony strains it and mixes it with the herbs in the pan.
Tony sits on his heels, and Steve notices: Tony is hard, all on his own, again, without any help.
But it’s okay. He’ll resist. It’ll be enough; he just needs to focus on something else, and—
“I’m nervous,” Tony says, in a whisper. He’s ashamed of it.
Tony sighs.
Tony leaves. He throws his pillow on the couch, then lies down on it, face turned against the backrest. He’s not hard anymore and he feels like crying again.
“Of course,” he says, and steps back.
“I love how you’re always thinking about my old bones.” Tony jokes, but Steve sees the moment when Tony looks at his eyes and realizes that, well, okay. Time for another kind of fun.
“Oh Tony, don’t cry, sweetheart.”
“St—”
They walk in silence for a while, and Tony starts feeling better. It’s still too hot for his liking, and he wishes he didn’t have to wear two layers and sweat so much, but he doesn’t smell bad (thanks, Tom Ford) and he remembers a couple of shortcuts to avoid a few uphill alleys. At least there are no more stairs.
“Yeah, not how it works. But it’s fine. Heat’s still a couple of weeks away. I think. It hasn’t been very regular as of late.”
Tony sighs, dejected. “Goddammit,” he mouths while pinching the bridge of his nose. He gives Steve a long, empty look. He puts his shirt back on and a muscle relaxes in Steve’s neck the moment he can’t see the bite anymore.
Steve gets up, trips on the blanket, and finds himself hitting the floor with a dull
, she said. And then you said—”
“You were a child, Tony. You were away for school most of the time.”
“You’re mine,” Steve hears himself say, choking on the words. Bracing himself on one arm, he reaches to stroke Tony’s hair, “It’s real. I’ve wanted you for so long and— You’re finally mine.”
and... I was afraid you’d go after B—”
“It gets boring after a while. But I like it. It reminds me of her.”
“Don’t think so.”
Then, that his entire body is in excruciating pain, but—and also because—he can feel his legs again.
He calls Rhodey.
“I can’t. I—” Steve feels like crying again and he doesn’t want to cry, he’s not supposed to cry anymore, Tony has forgiven him, he loves him, everything is—
Songs are proof that someone else has lived what you lived, and they know what that’s like. It made me feel less alone.”
It’s not shame that colors Steve’s voice, no, but he’s a bit bashful throughout the admission. “The first time I had sex, yeah.”
“You did the same when it happened to me.”
It all feels unreal.
“I like it.”
“I hope you liked what you could visit. I know one day probably isn’t enough—”
When Steve has retrieved the bottle, he looks at it curiously and asks, “Why’d you even bring this?”
“Not long. Little over an hour. Had a weird dream and got up.”
“Mh-mh,” Steve hums while he nips his way up from Tony’s collarbone to the back of his ear, dragging a gasp out of him. He nudges Tony to lie on his side, brushes his fingers over his stomach, just below the scars covering Tony’s chest, then travels down, below Tony’s navel, rubbing his hand into Tony’s pubic hair.
The words hit Steve with visible violence. He winces, frowns. He’s horrified, stunned. “N—no, oh god, no, Tony, I... I only wanted to stop you from... I did not... you have to believe me, please, I—”
He looks at Steve then, asks, “How do you feel now?”
“How many times?” he asks, trying to sound just curious.
“They did.”
Or better:
“Nat,” Bucky says, his voice neutral and even, “would you mind quitting this cryptic Alpha shit and telling us exactly what’s going on?”
The t-shirt is easier to put back on. It’s Steve’s, so it’s a bit big on Tony, and it would be even bigger if Steve didn’t have a preference for incredibly tight t-shirts. Not that Tony would ever complain about that.
“I don’t mean to. I shouldn’t…” Steve shakes his head. “Did you eat anything?”
Steve thought,
“Right. I’ll go get dressed, then.”
Silence fills the space between them for a while, then Tony says, “We should pick some fruit. Stella told me most of it goes to waste these days. Laura used to take care of it. I’m thinking of sending someone to do it for her.”
Steve wakes up to an empty bed. The soft light streaming into the room tells him that it’s very early in the morning. He tries to focus his hearing, but Tony doesn’t seem to be anywhere in the guest house. He stretches his arm to touch Tony’s side of the mattress, and it’s cold.
Steve lies down on his side of the bed, settles under his blanket while Tony can barely bear the weight of the cotton sheets on his skin.
The sound of Tony’s tank top ripping under Steve’s clumsy hands.
He wrestles a wave of nausea away with relative ease, and the pounding in his ears stops after a minute or two.
“I want to try again. I want to try for real this time.”
, painted over his skin in translucent stripes of ecstasy.
“I said it only to hurt you.”
“Seen me?”
He doesn’t really remember his nightmares, which is good, he supposes. He knows they’re about the man and what he did to him, because they leave him feeling furious and terrified, but sometimes… sometimes he bolts awake and he feels happy. He doesn’t know why—and goddammit why can’t he just remember the dream—but each time it happens he can fall back asleep in no time, and that must be some kind of blessing.
“No. They didn’t hurt me.”
“FRIDAY, Carol. No video feed.”
Tony smiles at his own joke.
“Well, technically, as I said—”
Still, having Tony close is good.
And at the end of it all, while Tony lies in bed with Steve, Sarah curled up between them smelling of love instead of heartbreak, he gets what Steve meant.
“I know.”
Tony letting Steve manhandle him, roughly, turn him around against the desk to open him up and press into him inch by inch. Tony guiding Steve to sit on the couch, his wiry thighs straddling Steve’s hips, the weight of his body—small, yes, but solid, strong, virile in such a beautiful way—on top of Steve’s.
He takes Steve’s henley off and kisses all over his chest, biting his nipples and making him gasp. Steve throws his head back to give Tony better access, holds himself up with his arms propped up on the mattress behind his back.
He hasn’t seen Tony like this in a long time. The sight, now, fills him with an awful sense of dread, soon replaced by a need he can’t hope to keep restrained. He needs to have, to mark, to keep, to make Tony his. He needs to rip that stupid towel away and bury his face into—
“Should’ve asked—”
“It’s just the start. You know that. You’re gonna be strong again soon.”
“But… your heat… Don’t you need it in your—”
“Yeah. It caught me by surprise.”
Tony grits his teeth, seems to think Steve’s little speech over, and in the end he nods, which is more than Steve expected.
Tony moves to Steve’s bedside table and places a straw between his lips a moment later.
“You still want me there?”
“Let’s go, then, shall we?”
Steve strokes himself quickly. The sound of skin rubbing against skin is unpleasantly squalid in the tense silence that’s filling the room now. Tony just lies there staring at the ceiling and he wishes that he never existed. That he was never born.
“What’s wrong?” Steve whispers into his ear.
Well, maybe not strangers. They saw each other once in a while. Reluctantly, and they didn’t speak to each other if it could be avoided, but still.
The silence is tense.
“Okay, I’m ready. Please fuck me.”
“It’s fine if you don’t,” Steve says, quietly, “I don’t think any less of you.”
He bandages Steve’s wrists and ankles as best he can, covering the wounds with gauze. He wraps up Steve’s broken fingers. He disinfects the slashes on Steve’s skin. Steve feels his eyelids grow heavy.
“Like finding your way back home,” he says in the end, simply, as though giving an obvious reply to a rhetorical question. He doesn’t comment on the words Tony used to describe that night,
It’s very dark inside the cave.
Tony sits automatically, looks at his hands again. He looks like a child who has lost his mom, and in many ways he is.
“Buongiorno,”
Steve stares at him, mouth open, eyes bright with something that he can’t soothe.
The New Avengers work well. Tony isn’t an active member of the team, but he’s proud of the work they’ve done. The world is safe in their hands. Even though no threat has been as bad as Thanos yet, he knows they’re more than capable to deal with whatever the universe throws at them.
“For?”
They must be still close to Milan, since the airport is north-west of the city. But there’s almost no traffic here. Tony is taking side roads, avoiding the highway.
The sweep of the felt tip of his marker on the paper is smooth and soothing. Steve draws over a line that didn’t come out quite right, and, there, now it looks better, but still not perfect.
. Steve is here.
“Yeah. We were in that HYDRA base in Sokovia. Your shield was broken, and you were dying, and I touched you to check your pulse, and, and you said... you said—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Hey. How’d it go?”
He should leave Tony alone, but he just can’t. He’s completely incapable of it, and it makes him so mad. At himself.
He tries not to show how he feels about it, but the glasses were kinda the final straw and he just
Nothing works with Steve. He can’t be nudged into it, because it has to be Tony to take that step. And Tony gets it, really, he does. It can’t be Steve. As much as they’re trying to let the past go, what the man did to Tony casts a long shadow on their present.
“Can I help with dinner in the meantime?”
Nat’s eyes are so bright while she looks into Bucky’s, and Steve captures the moment with his memory, promising himself he’ll try to commit it to paper soon.
Looks like these conversations happen pretty often. Tony needs reassurance that the people he loves are safe.
“Don’t make that face.”
The night is quiet, it smells like summer and grass. The moon colors everything in a soft white-blue hue, and it reminds Steve of Tony’s arc reactor.
“It’s… God, Tony, the way you feel around me is…” Steve closes his eyes, lost and falling into something that can’t be Tony. “You’ve no idea how much I need you… How much I—” Steve trails off when he becomes distracted by something only he can see across the skin of Tony’s chest. He stares at it, rapt, moves a hand to touch the scarred area but he stops at the last moment. He looks at Tony and must read consent on his face, because Tony doesn’t say anything, but he wants Steve to touch him, and Steve touches him. Still, Tony gasps when Steve’s fingertips land on him, the tender, insensitive skin there made all the more receptive by Tony’s imagination—what Steve feels like, on him, inside him, what he’d feel like in his head.
Tony doesn’t reply, but Steve knows he heard him.
“All clear, boss.”
Two months pass without them being able to do anything more than kissing.
“You hadn’t realized yet, had you? Here, taste yourself,” Steve continues, and pushes two fingers inside Tony to coat them in slick and press them against Tony’s lips.
Tony didn’t already know this. Tony had no idea Steve felt like this.
“Stop, stop, you’ll hurt yourself even more—”
“Here, here,” he hears Tony say, and then he’s pressing a slick finger against Steve’s mouth, and Steve licks it clean and wants more, more, more of that, exactly, exactly—
He hoped he’d sleep longer, but his shoulder is aching, bad. He should get up and put more ice on it, but right now, pain aside, he’s comfortable: it’s the only time of day when the temperature is acceptable to humans. The bed is soft and cool; Steve is asleep next to him and if he presses his ear to his chest he can hear his heart beating, steady and regular and strong and so unlike Tony’s own.
“Oh.”
Tony suddenly shudders, briefly, and then goes very still and very stiff and Steve feels something hot and liquid, something that is
“Let me,” Steve says, taking the washcloth from Tony’s hands, in a tone that is as gentle as it is firm.
They were in the New York Mansion. Tony was five years old.
If he repeats it enough times Tony’s confident it will eventually become true.
“Can I ask... since when…?”
It’s not.
, waiting for Tony to react, because he, too, knew.
making me late, Dad!” so Steve lifts his hands as an apology. She leaves, still smiling, while Peter calls for her to hurry up from downstairs, or they won’t have enough time to stop for breakfast.
“Yeah?” he repeats, more to the wall in front of him than to Tony.
He reaches up to clasp Steve’s arm, in a gesture that it’s meant to bring him comfort, but it’s probably more awkward than anything else.
“No. Of course. You did the right thing, it’s just… hard.”
It will never happen.
“I love you so much it hurts.”
It’d be—
“Yep! Condolences.”
He closes his eyes, and he can see her: the color of her eyes, the scent of her skin, her hair on Tony’s face when she hugged him tight. The sound of her voice, that day she cried, the last time Tony saw her. Her smile in the picture with Stella.
He smells like himself, but like a fruit gone bad smells like itself. The familiar scent is covered up by something painful, sickening, rotten.
“So, uh… this is embarrassing, but…” he takes a deep breath. “My muscles, there, aren’t very, uh, flexible?”
“Why do you call it
That’s it. That’s the whole world.
Tony wakes up to Steve caressing his stomach with his thumb, breaking the surface of the water over and over.
Steve is staring at him.
He hopes that’s enough to explain why he can’t breastfeed.
“But I looked at you. And I felt it. Right there, while you were standing in front of the car, I felt it. Forgiveness. Love.
So. Tony let Steve fuck him while he was sleeping. And Steve kind of lost it at some point, but it was fine in the end. Tony was happy. Steve was happy.
“You sure?”
He gets back to the blanket on the grass, to Steve. He’s drawing, he must’ve gone back into the guest house to retrieve his sketchbook and pencils. He’s taken off his shoes.
The Knights stop and leave. They’re dismissed.
“No reason. Just—”
His grip isn’t tight, but it’s by no means loose, either. Tony, again, doesn’t feel trapped or threatened; he’s not really safe, maybe, but he’s being... held.
“I’m going to the bathroom to get you some water, okay? I’m not leaving you, I’ll be back in a minute, is that alright?” When Tony nods, Steve gets up.
Steve woke up and came in his pants.
, but it’s like the mere thought is a new challenge for Tony, who lifts his hand up and sucks his fingers into his own mouth, tasting the product of Steve’s pleasure like it’s a religious experience.
Steve smiles, bittersweet and nostalgic, and laces their fingers together. “No need to be,” he says with that timid smirk that takes over his face when he wants to be charming. As if he ever isn’t. “But I wish you would’ve let me help,” he adds, more as a joke to defuse Tony’s tension than a real proposition.
“I only wanted you to give me the benefit of the doubt. To trust me. But you couldn’t, and it ended like it did. But it’s not... right now, all of this… it’s not about the Accords.”
Tony starts the car.
, Tony thinks, his mind treacherously taking the joke too seriously.
Well. They tried, right?
Tony is naked in moments, his skin tanned but still flushed with arousal, muscles taut and sinewy in this dark corner of the lab.
shield. Of course it is. I don’t know why… I was angry and I just wanted… I’m sorry, I…”
“Okay?”
“Got an indecent proposal for you,” he says after a bit.
“Deal.”
“And you wanna go there with me?”
“What you did for me these last couple of days. Thank you.”
“Serum. They got my blood.”
Steve waits on the couch, looks at Tony make notes on his project, things to do, things to check, things to finish, things to discuss with Riri.
He’s angry. He snaps at people, even at Riri once, who really doesn’t deserve it. She gapes at him, and he bites his bottom lip and apologizes and she says that it’s okay. She squeezes his hand softly and says, “It’s okay, Tony.” He squeezes back and turns his face away, so she doesn’t see his eyes gleaming with shame.
Tony shakes his head. “Wanna shower.”
“Come on, now. I wanna hear it from you.”
“Love you too. Bye.”
“All set up. He’ll start the first session when he’s ready. There’s an entire team of trauma experts ready to follow him step by step.”
Steve goes to Sarah, pushes the pacifier in her mouth and lulls her back to sleep. He whispers things in her ear, something that sounds like a song.
“Tony,” Steve repeats, but he doesn’t seem to have anything else to say after that. He sighs—lets his chest rise and fall with it, lets his misery draw a shadow on his face. He looks at the floor and doesn’t notice Tony walking towards him until he hears him rest the book on top of the coffee table.
Tony stirs on the bed next to Steve. The room is dark, it’s the middle of the night. Steve feels restless, as if he needs to— as if he needs to be inside Tony, again, and it’s just.
... Wake up.”
“Shit. I don’t hate you, Tony. I never have and never could.”
“Baby?” he says, walking to the couch. “FRIDAY, call Steve immediately.”
“Thank you.”
“Barnes is out of surgery,” Tony says, quietly, after a few minutes. “Sedating him to attach the arm proved to be quite the challenge. Predictably. They wanted to call it off, but he said he could take it. He’s in a lot of pain right now.”
He’s trying to cheat his own pain.
“You… you said that. I know that, but—”
“Barnes is sleeping it off. It’s over.”
When he goes back downstairs, Steve is nowhere to be seen.
Tony destroys all the footage anyway.
Stella takes some time answering. They sit in the living room.
He feels shitty, but he needs to do it. Once he knows this, then everything… everything will be different. Easier.
revealed something to Steve, something about this whole messed up thing between them, and Steve knows that Tony knows that Steve knows.
“I know. I know, I’m just... I need time.”
Tony goes back to stare at the blueprints.
Steve doesn’t know what to say, so he says nothing.
While Steve cleans himself up (accurately, precisely, but not at all leisurely), Tony washes his hair, but he feels a bit silly for no reason, and keeps finding excuses—he has to rinse his hands, he has to wet his head, he has to take his shampoo—to get into Steve’s space and bother him on purpose, until Steve rolls his eyes, smiles at him and says, “You’re such a child,” and it’s the sweetest thing Steve’s ever told him.
“Tired enough that I can’t even joke about it. He stopped screaming five minutes ago. Nat was about to lose it.”
“It isn’t.”
She hides her face behind a fist. Her frustration is so evident, and the need to make it better for her, to gather her in his arms and reassure her, keeps Steve from processing the information for a minute.
They kiss, with no need to ask for it. Tony tastes himself on Steve’s red tongue.
, that’s what makes Tony come.
“Something happen?” Steve asks, squinting.
“Let it go,” Tony says, “Steve. Please. Forgive yourself.”
Tony feels Steve rest his head on his shoulder. It’s a bit heavy, but it feels nice, Steve’s weight against him, like this. Tony bends his head to touch Steve’s.
Tony crouches down next to the river and brushes his fingertips to the surface of the water, watches as the ripples shatter the sunshine reflecting on it.
Steve surges forward, places his hands on Tony’s neck, looks at his face searching for an answer to his question. Tony nods once, and Steve doesn’t need anything else.
“I know why he said that. He doesn’t know me very well, maybe he just wanted to lash out against me, but... I keep thinking about it.”
He feels Tony’s lips on his own, thin and soft, the scent of his skin.
And then, he laughs.
“I know that, James, but I don’t think it would ease the rut in any case. This isn’t about sex. It’s about the bond.”
“I’d look at it in the mirror, touch it, and make it hurt again so I knew…” Tony sighs. “It was almost faded all the way when we saw each other again. I’d try to spot any yellow patches left and wonder if anything between us hadn’t already faded with the bruise.”
The floor is hard underneath Steve’s back. Hard and cold and not exactly spotlessly clean and Steve doesn’t want to be anywhere else.
“And I never returned the favor, did I? I never protected her. From him.”
Tony watches him take out the rest of the items. He’s sitting on the toilet lid, excited that he gets to watch this.
After coffee, they clear the table.
The screen flashes in front of his eyes. It takes him entire seconds to realize that it’s an incoming call.
He can’t think. He tries, strains himself, but he can’t.
“Aren’t you scared?”
“Sorry for trying to protect you,” Steve says, in a tone that sounds offended, but isn’t really.
“You have no idea.”
“You know,” he says, “it’s hard to think that you see me like this. As something that can be immortalized with art. I always try not to look at my chest for too long, but you…”
, that he’s allowed this small pleasure. He’s distracted, so he doesn’t hear Tony opening the glass door of the shower, he only suddenly feels someone behind him, calloused hands caressing his shoulders, and he should really do something about the fact that now apparently he can recognize Tony by touch alone. He’s so fucked up.
“Sometimes things don’t play out the way we want them to. But I’ve never seen you give up. Point is, the world may not be perfect, but you use the power you have to try and make it better. That matters.”
Tony looks at him, lips still pursed with sadness, but he nods, resigned in the way he accepts Steve’s words.
Tony wonders if the promise will hold, when put to the test.
“Not even if you paid me a million dollars, Mr. Stark. But you’re welcome back to pet them any time you like.”
“You tell me,” he replies, and the words come out harsher than he wanted.
“Don’t have them anymore.”
“Those stones—”
There.
I couldn’t stop, sometimes. Most of the time.
The words echo in Tony’s mind.
“I wanna come on your face,” he says, breathless, and Steve squeezes his hand in agreement.
Tony speeds up, but his dick is still soft and slaps against him in a way that looks painful and unpleasant and sort of ridiculous; he tries to cup himself to keep it in place, but it makes him lose balance.
Tony feels very empty. And he would spare a moment to mourn the loss of Steve inside him if he wasn’t glad that he can nudge Steve to lie on his back now, climb on top of him, and, for the first time in ten years, kiss him—caress Steve’s tongue with his own, remember the way he tastes.
It’s like he can feel Steve’s emotions rushing into him from the pads of his fingers. How delicate and careful every movement is, how much Steve wants to make things better for him, how much he cares about him. How much he loves him. How Steve still can’t believe he’s allowed this, and how his hands sometimes still tremble with surprise. All of it, Tony feels it through his skin; it passes from Steve to him with touches that are kind and warm, instead of awful punches in the cold.
“I’m sorry,” Tony says, “for what I did to you. To our family. I felt so… so angry at you, but… I’m sorry, I’m so sorry.”
Tony is there a moment later, calls from the hallway, “Uhm—” because he’s not saying Steve’s name, he has never said Steve’s name this whole time, and Steve can’t even remember the last time he heard Tony’s voice say his name—Tony’s tongue catching a bit behind his teeth, making the S awkward, a fraction of a second longer than it should be. A flaw.
“After Ultron, you told me you felt at home at the compound. Then you wrote me that letter and you said that the Avengers weren’t your family. I don’t... I don’t understand—”
, there it is, Tony is tensing up and coming, eyes shut and teeth gritted, deep inside Steve. Tony buries his face in the crook of Steve’s neck and Steve caresses his back through the aftershock of his orgasm, murmurs
Tony chances a look at Steve, and the longing in his eyes hurts more than it should.
“It’s not good in this part of the city, it’s way overpriced. For the tourists.”
“Alright, alright, I’m playing,” he says, and starts stroking the keys in that way that is both familiar and completely novel to him. Like something you used to do ages ago, but haven’t done in a very long time.
Steve looks out of the window until the flames aren’t visible anymore. Then, he falls asleep.
When he reaches the guest house, he knocks on the door, then calls, loudly, for Tony.
“Oh, I’m sorry—”
Jesus. No chill, as Sam would say.
When he finally looks at Tony, he finds him already staring, a strange, warm expression on his face, hooded eyes tired and puffy with lack of sleep. But there’s something else in them too, something that Steve almost wants to call joy. It’s serene, Tony’s gaze, and charming, bordering on seductive. Maybe that’s just Steve’s wishful thinking.
He’s tired all of a sudden, but he knows it’s the bond—it’s how Steve feels. He tries to send reassurance back, but nothing changes. His mind is clouded with Steve’s distress.
It’s good. It’s warm and electric and it makes Tony feel clean; it makes Tony want to stay naked while they do it, and for a little while after. Steve’s muscles are hot and solid under his, and Tony wants to kiss every inch of him.
It won’t bring her back, nothing will, but both Tony and Maria will sleep better that way.
. It’s easier to follow the warmth that grounds him in reality, that sensation that tells him he’s not alone, he’s not a ghost, he has somewhere (someone) he belongs to.
I see James running. He sees me.
“What do you need? Tell me,” Steve murmurs in Tony’s ear.
He scissors his fingers inside himself, bending a bit to gain better access, and it’s too much and too soon and he doesn’t care. He just stares at the back of Tony’s head, and his shoulders, the curve of his ass. He’s kneeling on the ground, still and obedient and facing the other way from Steve.
It’s so fucking good. It’s the best blowjob of Tony’s life.
He opens his arms, crucified into place by the armor forming around him from the metal bands at his wrists. It seems to appear from thin air, in little scales of red and gold that become instantly seamless against his skin.
“She’s worried about you. She says..
Tony keeps playing.
And to be really honest, what happened at lunch was… kinda cute. In a weird way.
There’s a bruise on his hip, he notices. Just like months ago. The shape of Steve’s hand.
“I hope, man. I really hope.”
He tells the truth. Confesses it all to Steve, cries against his chest, lets Steve hug him tight and kiss his hair while he shakes out of sheer rage, because this is so
Steve lifts his hands, as if to hug Tony, but he stops himself as soon as he realizes what he’s doing. Tony’s first instinct is to step back, and he does, but then he looks at Steve’s face, at his hesitant smile, and slowly slides between his arms, presses his chest (slightly to the side, so Steve doesn’t feel—) to Steve’s.
“I lo–,” Tony pauses, grimaces, sighs, takes a couple of deep breaths, steadies himself, “I love you too. As in, I am in love with you. Too.”
, they wouldn’t fuck it up all over again.
There’s no blood, Steve notices. The skin there is whole and beautiful and smells like coconut and wood.
“‘M afraid.”
Tony grimaces. “Oh, Steve,” he whispers, and turns his hand into Steve’s, so they’re palm to palm.
Tony didn’t seem disgusted or embarrassed or... anything, really. He was just surprised and maybe mildly amused.
They do it again.
“I can’t sleep at all without you.”
Nothing. He doesn’t wish anything.
He takes a few deep breaths. His heart is racing, but in a good way. He looks at Steve’s cock—big, hard, red. It’s beautiful. Tony stares at the skin at the base that’s gonna fill up soon and form a knot and lock Steve inside his mouth, and he thinks that he must be crazy to want something like this. Maybe he is. Crazy with how much he loves Steve, with how much he wants to please him.
“How so?”
“Did you eat something?” Steve asks after the silence resumes, ultimately proving that he cares about Tony in the Italian way too. “Drink some water?”
“You can’t, so
But Tony is who he is beyond the fact that he’s an Omega, the same way being an Alpha doesn’t define everything Steve is. Tony is a protector, a caretaker. A father, a friend.
Steve wants to say,
Steve stops, leans back, looks at Tony even though Tony can’t look back right now. Says what must be said.
When they met, Steve was twenty-seven years old and Tony was forty-seven. And yeah, he wasn’t young, he already had a hole in his chest, his refractory period had changed, and many other things weren’t in top condition like before. But still, it was way better than now. He could keep an erection for a while—he could actually
“So what did you do?”
It’s always scary when Tony can’t see the future.
“Fuck me, Tony,” Steve says, and Tony is speechless for a long time. “You wanna try? I do,” reinforcing every word with a thrust of his fingers—the one in himself, the one inside Tony.
“Thank you, I appreciate the compliment.”
Tony sits up against the headboard, adjusting a pillow behind his back. He instructs Steve to straddle his hips, kneeling so that his crotch lines up with Tony’s face.
“And you will. But not right now. Right now you need to rest. Please.” Voice kind and warm. A request, again, and one to which Tony can’t reply.
“Harder, sunshine,” he says. “Harder.”
Tony can hear his voice crack, so he stops talking. God, if he could just stop crying.
And that makes all of this so much worse.
And hope, so far away until just now, so distant if not for mere dreams and scattered images, so unreacheable except for the bare minimum needed to get out of bed in the morning and face the day—but it took such an effort to get to it, every time it drained all energy from him—slams back into Steve.
Steve holds onto Tony to the best of his ability, and Tony lifts him up with no effort. He carries him to the jet and makes him sit in the co-pilot seat, fastening his seatbelt while the suit crawls back into the reactor.
Steve squeezes the muscle on the side of Tony’s thigh, burrows his nose into Tony’s pubic hair, and Tony comes.
“Almost 6. I was out running. Got hungry on the way home. Mmm, muffins.”
Carol observes him with a careful, welcoming smile in her eyes. She’s warm and friendly, protective, like a sister. She offers to spar with him and he accepts, and pretending to fight instead of doing it for real, now, fixes whatever was left to fix between them. Tony smells her sweat on his skin right before entering the shower and he feels strangely strong.
“I’m—”
Steve has a displeased expression on his face, like he’s sad, guilty.
“Yes?”
“Oh.” Steve wishes he knew what to say. This is a disaster.
Tony can barely move. He is in pain, but it’s a good kind pain. If all the pain Tony will ever feel for the rest of his life would be like this, then you could sign him up.
Because the simple truth is: Steve is a damn coward.
He inhales deeply when he enters the car. It already smells like Tony. Soap, metal. Coconut. Sweat, too, but faint.
“He can use the rest. And the quiet.”
They walk up to the Eremo. The climb is worse than Tony remembered, or maybe it’s just the past few years catching up with him.
Natasha makes him roll over, and the air hits his skin, bringing him more pain. She makes him sit up and places a glass between his lips. He drinks some of the water and the contrast with the cold liquid makes him realize just how warm he is. Natasha places something cold on his forehead, and he opens his eyes.
“You taught Mom to play the piano, right?” Tony asks, desperate to change the subject, as little as he’s allowed to.
Steve’s hand slides from Tony’s cheek to his chest, and then over his ribs. He’s being held in place while Steve fucks him and jerks him off at the same time, and he’s about to come and Steve is still talking and everything is just too much and Tony doesn’t know what to do except stay still and take it.
“Hey, hey,” he says, soft. “Don’t… Here, sit up, let me... Drink this—”
. I want you to be safe.”
Steve feels it creep up on him from behind, starting from a point just below the nape of his neck. It spreads to his shoulders in hot waves, down his spine, takes over his chest and throat as quick as a fire. It rises to his cheeks, to his eyes, blazes through him in an instant, leaving only shame and self-loathing in its wake.
, Steve can’t help but hope). But mostly, there’s Tony staying. There’s Tony looking at him straight in the eye, Tony laughing while Steve’s inside him, there’s Tony with his mouth open in a moan, or a scream, Steve can’t decide. There’s Tony being the little spoon, Tony sleeping with his face buried in Steve’s ribs. There’s Tony waking up, Tony bringing breakfast in bed to Steve. There’s Tony offering Steve a flower, eyes bright with happiness and love. There’s the two of them out on a date, sitting at a fancy restaurant, and on the next page they’re at a crappy hole-in-the-wall italian place that Tony has randomly decided has the best tagliatelle al ragù in the city, while Steve just laughs because Tony thinks it’s cute to be this rich and eat there… except those actually end up being the best tagliatelle al ragù Steve has ever had.
Steve presses his chest against Tony’s back and bites his shoulder softly, lazily. He watches as Tony looks down at himself and cups his dick out of the way with one hand. Steve feels him reaching down with the other, beyond his balls and to his rim, to the point where Steve is buried into him, to gather some of his slick in his hand.
“Again,” he growls, with the roughest voice Tony has ever heard come from him.
One of his last coherent thoughts is that he’s pissed off—or glad?— that Tony just showered. That he stripped away all the things that make him, him. That make him Steve’s. Like this, Steve can’t find Tony’s scent in the air. Tony scrubbed himself clean. There’s no slick dripping out of him, opening his body up, smoothing the way in for Steve. There’s no—
Steve lets his t-shirt go. “Sorry,” he says, and tries to smooth it out. He rests his hands on Tony’s shoulders and looks at him for an endless moment. “Alright,” he says in the end, and closes the bathroom door behind himself.
“So I said,
His hand travels down, his fingers graze Tony’s pubic hair. Tony stirs in his sleep, and after a couple of minutes a grumpy voice slurs, “What’re you doing?”
They eat in silence after that, and drink the water Tony bought. The trees shield them from the sun, but the air is hot and still.
Tony tries to turn, but can manage only minimal movement. Oh, well. It’s not like he wants to be anywhere else.
“I don’t know what you want me to say.” He shrugs, and lets out a little laugh.
“You’re one of the most intelligent people I’ve ever met.”
“She told me this morning that she has a friend who’d take it. To sell it at the market. We could fill a couple of crates for her.”
He sits on his heels and Steve presses his forehead to his.
This has been happening for months, and not even that often. He’d think about someone, even someone who doesn’t exist, just a warm body on top of his—and there it is, his cock getting mildly interested, and then, as soon as Tony tries to do something about it...
“Oh,” Tony says, and a devilish expression dances, briefly, over his features. “Almost forgot. FRIDAY?”
The kid turns and points to a woman sitting at a table outside a coffee shop. She raises her hand, and Tony waves back. “Mi chiamo Luca.”
. Every word is an effort.
“Don’t make me laugh,” he says, still with a smile on his face, but he can’t quite hide the strain in his eyes. “I’m too old to handle it.”
“San Lorenzo. The night of the falling stars.”
“‘Course I do,” Tony struggles to reply while the razor is on his skin.
“See, this is what I meant. We were just… in sync.”
And yes, under any other circumstances, at any other time of his life, Steve would probably get bored in a few days, would want to go back to the chaos and the noise and the smell and the people, but right now this is the only place he wants to be in the entire world.
“Glad it’s not burgers, for once.”
“I have some old pictures. You want to see them?”
But what really impresses Steve is what’s in the middle of the square, because it’s not a fountain, it’s not many fountains, or a well, or anything of the sort.
“I wish I could do something about this. That there was anything that could be done,” Tony whispers.
there would be a bed in a HYDRA base in Siberia—
“Yeah, just… Give me a minute, Jesus—”
Steve moans softly, caught, for just a moment, in that weird place between still being asleep and waking up.
“Kitchen,” Tony says, “I brought food. Should’ve said something. Sorry.”
It doesn’t take a genius to understand that it’s Tony’s slick that’s doing the trick of making the rut slow down.
But Steve just stays there, hugs him a little harder, and showers him with love and acceptance. Tony sends his own back to Steve, and he whimpers softly while the emotions shoot through him, familiar and different all at once.
No, no. He needs to calm down. They’re not there yet; they have to take it slow. They may never get back there.
“And isn’t that good?”
He laughs, then, like Tony always does in the wake of revelations too terrible to accept. He laughs, and the edge in his voice transforms into something ugly and mean—it’s deranged and dangerous, it’s an unruly, unrestrained bitterness; a shame too deep and too familial not to become disgrace and dishonor.
“Not going to, big guy.”
Except Tony has no idea what he’s gotten himself into, because with very minimal warning Steve shoves two fingers inside him. Tony hisses, arches his back, grabs at his pillow, swears under his breath.
“I’m glad they had each other,” Tony says. “Even if it was for a short while,” he adds, and it sounds like an afterthought, but also as if Tony isn’t only speaking about Steve’s parents anymore.
“So, I… I hope you’re okay. That she… that she’s okay.”
The project is simple; they just use the empty room between Steve’s room and Tony’s room.
He’s always been different. Since the serum Steve doesn’t fit into standards anymore, which is fine by him. But there was still consistency, before. He knew what to expect from a rut after the first few months after Project Rebirth. And after he bonded with Tony, it got better: Mated Alphas are always quieter, calmer. They’re in a steady relationship. Their ruts lose urgency to become an occasion for intimacy, a demonstration of love and affection. They’re shorter, less intense, meant to renew and confirm an already existing bond, meant to increase the chances of procreating, if that’s the couple’s inclination.
Steve flops back on the bed, boneless, tired, his mouth splitting in a huge grin.
He can’t. He’s too old to have another child.
“Can we get out of here?” Tony asks when he feels the tears coming again, and he doesn’t even know why he’s crying right now, god, he’s such a mess, how can he hope to work with Steve, defeat the aliens, protect the world, if he starts crying when someone touches him and it feels nice? And maybe that’s not even a problem, maybe Tony won’t have anything to feel nice about in the future, so he won’t cry for that, maybe he’ll spend his last days scared and miserable and alone, like he deserves, like he’s made so many people feel for years, and then it’ll be all over, it’ll be—
Steve kisses him one night before bed.
So that’s… that’s a relief.
“Your highness,” Tony says as soon as T’Challa’s face appears before his eyes.
“There’s an Italian version of the book. It’s old and out of print, and I didn’t have the time to track down a copy, but I know that it’s different from the one published in the States. Maybe it’s about this, maybe not. I’m here to find out.”
An average Alpha at the peak of their rut can knot their Omega for, what, thirty minutes? Forty, in some cases. Of course for Steve it’s different.
Tony swallows.
But that doesn’t mean understanding isn’t possible.
They’ll be back, though. Or so Tony hopes. He doesn’t know for sure; he can’t actually predict the future.
“I do,” Steve says, quietly, as though he’s confessing a sin to a priest. “I do want it. You.”
“I just need to assemble the pieces. I told them it still needs work and they bought it… God, they’re like children.”
“I love you,” Tony says. “I love you too. I always, mh—” Steve has started moving again, fucking up into him with more decision, moving his hand on Tony’s dick just the way Tony likes it, quick and tight, and…
Warnings: very graphic depiction of violence and blood, gore and disturbing imagery, major character death, dead bodies/corpses. ALL of these happen in the context of two dreams (so none of it actually happens), one at the beginning and one towards the end of the chapter.
Steve sitting on the couch, his back against the backrest, Tony slowly sinking down on his cock, feeling it so deep, feeling it in the pit of his stomach, against the back of his throat.
He’s still walking in the big space he reached the last time. He moves around in the darkness and the place changes, transforms before his eyes to become the first cave, the one he was in at the beginning of this strange adventure.
Steve smells whole. Like he did ten years ago. Even better, maybe.
“J, put the glass wall on private mode. Lock the door. Hold all my calls.”
“Tony, I think the point
“Are you... is everything okay? Are you okay?”
“And I could seriously hurt you if I lose it for a second. No, all fours it is.”
“I don’t want to be just a stain on your life,” he says, leaning back, holding Tony’s face between his gigantic hands. Tony looks at him, because this is the most important thing Steve has ever told him. “I don’t want to be only a bad memory, I want to be real, don’t... Please. Don’t let me just fade away.”
He screams his release and spills it into Steve’s mouth, who swallows it all, turning a bit of Tony into himself. He licks him clean, until Tony shudders, oversensitive, and pushes Steve’s face away from his lap.
If it’s the last thing he does.
“Your mom was right, Tony,” Stella says, placing one of her frail hands over the arc reactor, and Tony doesn’t flinch away, because Stella may not be his mom, but her touch is a mother’s touch. She reaches into Tony’s t-shirt, and takes out the sun-shaped pendant. “A tiny sun burns brightly in you. Don’t let it fade away.”
So yeah, it’s great. Tony really feels like this could go on forever if they were, uh, not Avengers, you know. They’ve been lucky, so far, with their free time, but they can’t keep this routine up indefinitely, it will mess with their work life. It’s messing with them, in a way, too.
Tony walks away from Steve, activates the energy field that muffles his voice, so a certain super soldier can’t eavesdrop.
Steve, thinking about how Tony likes to be brought to the very edge of his orgasm and then feeling like it’s being denied to him—and that, just there, that little voice that says,
Tony said, “Okay.”
Steve shakes his head to say that no, of course he won’t take advantage of this in the future, he’d never do that, but Steve only feels his heart hammering in his chest, blood pounding in his ears. Everything seems so far away for a moment. Only Tony is there, close, in front of him, short and beautiful and so happy, and Steve wants to… he wants, he
Tony’s t-shirt is about to rip, Steve is clutching at it so hard. If only Steve would let him go.
He starts singing one of his sad, old Irish songs.
He doesn’t know why he’s this close to Steve right now, there’s no reason for him to be this close, it’s just—
. Steve asks JARVIS if he can access Tony’s penthouse while Tony is in R&D, and leaves a yellow rose on his pillow.
“Why’d you even bring this?” Steve asks.
(which, honestly, what the fuck), against a table in Tony’s workshop right after a mission with Steve still in his uniform and Tony still in most of his armor, one night against the fridge in the communal kitchen (which isn’t just fucked up but also very possibly unsanitary, and Steve feels so bad afterwards that he stress-cleans the whole room after Tony leaves), and the list goes on.
Steve chuckles. “Bye, Shar.”
Steve takes the ice pack from Tony’s shoulder. He’s careful while he does it, searching Tony’s face for signs of discomfort.
“Let’s keep an eye on things for a few days. Anything moves in a mile radius, I know about it. Understood?”
Rhodey answers, and Tony can feel his smile through the line.
“I’m—”
He likes the marker, the way it feels on the paper. It’s good practice, he figures, to get into his thick skull that fixing mistakes is hard as hell, and sometimes straight up impossible.
—) and tears streaming down his face for someone he misses so much it hurts, for someone that will never come back to him.
“I know he hurt you.” T'Challa’s words are scrupulously chosen, and this kindness makes Tony feel respected. “But I hope you can find in yourself the strength to allow him to make amends. To try, at least. I won’t say what he did to you was right, because I don’t believe it was. But he regrets it. Listen to him. Spend some time together. It might be worth it. For the Avengers, at least, if not for yourself.”
There’s someone watching us. He’s been here the whole time but I noticed him only now.
“You’re hurting enough. If you won’t do it for yourself, then do it for me. I can’t see you like this.”
Tony walks in front of Steve, keeps his distance but he’s only a few feet away. His t-shirt is rumpled.
Steve thinks about it for a long time, and they feel like days when they meet Tony’s impatient curiosity.
“I wish you did, though.”
Fuck. He’s not supposed to feel this bad. But it’s been ten years, and his bondmate doesn’t want him, not in this way at least. Steve doesn’t know exactly what that means; he and Tony have always been an exception to the rule. But he can easily guess where this will take him, and he doesn’t have a long road ahead of him.
“I need you to knot my mouth,” Tony repeats, and Steve looks at him and says
“Maybe you’ll remember. Let the dust settle, and maybe...”
But how can Steve not want Tony? It’s not just that he’s in love with him, it’s that Tony’s body is— amazing. Steve has seen him naked many times, usually in the gym showers or S.H.I.E.L.D.’s decontamination units. He always tried to be subtle and respectful, but he did
“And then we’d make another baby. I want a girl that looks like you this time. We’d name her Maria.”
“Nothing, you just... you kissed her and she smiled.”
Tony says to the man.
Sarah comes back after a while. Tony changes into his sleeping clothes, and they huddle close in bed, Steve as still as possible, Sarah between him and Tony.
“Hey. You still elbow deep in motor oil?”
He’s in the cave. He’s at the bottom of the staircase. He can see an opening at the top of it, sunlight outside.
Most nights, Tony has trouble falling asleep. When he does, he has nightmares and he wakes up drenched in sweat, and he needs to wash his face and change his t-shirt, but first of all he needs to wait for his hands to stop shaking.
“Fine. Don’t complain when I say you’re no fun, though. Because you’re no fun.”
– his ass. Steve’s hand still braced on the wall makes the tiles crack.
Now there are little gestures too. Steve goes with Tony to one of the Maria Stark Foundation galas, because Diya from PR thinks Captain America’s presence can affect how much money rich people feel like donating to charity (she is right). The next day Steve finds a new uniform in his room, the one that yesterday was still weeks away from being ready, made of a new fabric Tony developed, more breathable but still bulletproof. A week later, during breakfast, Steve mentions that he’s out of some art supplies, but the mission S.H.I.E.L.D. assigned him to prevents him from doing anything about it at the moment. When he comes back, everything he was planning on buying is already on his desk with a note that only says
A night they spent in Italy, near the front. There was a small town, close to Campobasso, with a dance house. They went for a drink, Steve and the Commandos. And this song… this song was playing and there was... there was a woman, singing it, a beautiful woman with red lipstick and black hair and a red dress and an other-worldly voice singing a song for a girl named Mariù who was all her life.
(See the end of the chapter for
, keeps Tony’s head in place, his mouth where he can fuck it, his body trapped between the wall and Steve. And for the first time since Tony came into the shower, for the first time Steve’s ever heard, Tony moans, deep in his throat. And for a moment, just for a small moment, Steve gives in to the illusion that maybe he gets to keep this, that he gets to keep Tony even after their orgasms.
He’s going to die, he’s going to die here, alone, in Siberia, with Steve’s shield—
“Kiss me again,” he says, voice rough and urgent, his lips scratching against Steve’s jaw while he lifts his head.
“It’s complicated.”
Maybe FRIDAY will hear him, Rhodey will come and save him... But no, no, that’s impossible because FRIDAY isn’t there and Rhodey is hurt and hurt bad and it’s all Tony’s fault because Tony always hurts the people he loves, always, always, that’s why they leave him—
Tony pats Steve’s thigh. “We could go to that place I told you about, if you still want. It’s okay if you changed your mind.”
“Whatever you do, though… thank you.” The man looks at his wristwatch. “Ugh, it’s late, I’m so sorry I have to go.”
“That’s what I said. Listen, we’re mostly okay. Steve… less than me. He’s… They…” Tony sighs. “Shit,” he says to the side, before coughing once and regaining control. “I would appreciate it if a couple of doctors were around the compound when we get back. We have a jet and will be home soon. How’s Sarah?”
It’s only then that Tony understands what he’s been dreaming about. What makes him happy when he wakes up. He nods against Steve’s skin.
“Hi. Sorry to disturb you,” Tony says politely. “I’ll be just a moment. I just need…” Tony reaches for the top shelf and takes
It’s Tony, of course, stepping over the threshold, rubbing his eyes and squinting in the light.
His head snaps up, eyes trained on the ceiling—exactly where Sarah’s crib is placed upstairs. He twitches with an energy he’s trying very hard to contain, but it’s spilling out of him nonetheless. His hands are shaking with it, and he’s about to bolt out of the room and go look for what’s
No bite. He already knew so he’s not surprised, not really, but for it to actually happen—or, well,
“Tony.”
Steve moans, loud and unashamed, and speeds up the pace of his hand on Tony. Slowly, Tony pulls at Steve’s waistband, makes his way past it. He touches, very delicately, the slit on the head of Steve’s dick with the tip of his forefinger. Steve comes.
“Good thing I booked the museum tickets online so we could skip the queue.”
“It’s fine.”
“Well,” Steve replies with a wicked smirk, “there are worse things.”
(But he loved how brave he was. Fearless, honest, righteous, honorable, daring.)
“I know. I’m so sorry. I’ll... we’re trying to fix it, though, remember? Please,” Steve isn’t touching him, but he’s very close, and Tony thinks the top of his hair is brushing against Steve’s beard, against Steve’s lips, maybe. “Please, don’t cry.”
“St—”
Steve grunts.
He’s half-naked when Steve finds him, and that, of all things, annoys Tony. He doesn’t want to show his bruises, doesn’t want Steve to see how much weight he’s lost, how dry his skin is, peeling off and scabbing at his knees and elbows.
Tony laughs, and there’s an edge of desperation to it, of hysteria.
“Jesus, it’s always like this with you—”
Tony takes a moment to simply
“I just wanted you to feel nice—”
“I’m very serious.”
“No, it’s... it’s fine.” He pauses, thinks about what to say next. “I was trying to protect him, and Tony, too. I knew something. About Maria’s death. And instead of telling Tony, I kept it secret. He found out in the worst way, and it hurt him. It hurt him a lot. I’m trying to earn his forgiveness, but...”
Giving birth is relatively easy. It doesn’t hurt as much as he thought it would, or maybe there are things that hurt more in Tony’s life at the moment.
He just
How small your world becomes, when you feel so utterly alone. It reduces itself to the littlest things. An old t-shirt that becomes a lifeline, and its presence fossilizes in your heart until the day you realize that you can’t live without it. It’s become part of your pain, giving it an unexpected shade of mundanity.
Tony is still watching Steve’s forehead.
There’s a bizarre perplexity on Steve’s face, like he’s never seen Tony before. Like Tony is something that astonishes and terrifies him at the same time, and Tony wants to... he wants to...
Tony stares at him for a moment that tastes like a lifetime of mistakes. His face, mostly composed and serious, still goes through a sequence of microexpressions that tell Steve more than he’d like to know about the way Tony feels about him.
Tony clenches around him, and Steve trembles and laughs. “Alright,” he says, and starts moving, slow at first, then picking up the pace a bit. He keeps a close control on every thrust, though, because he promised he won’t hurt Tony ever again, and he won’t. He won’t.
She mimics all the animals’ calls when you ask her; she knows people’s names and can point at them in the room when Tony calls them for her; she even points to herself when he asks her
Yes, exactly like Dad. Okay. Bye, then.
Sometimes Tony bleeds from his ass. It burns, but it’s so constant that it’s hard to really notice anymore.
Now that he reads it in Italian, it reminds Tony of something he can’t place.
and like
“You’ve got beautiful arms, you know that?”
“The rut is going to turn violent pretty soon, Tony,” Nat says with her kindest voice. “If you want to speak to him, you should probably do it now.”
Dammit. Steve was right.
Tony counted it as civil.
“I miss how we used to be. How we could be, sometimes. We
As soon as they get in, Tony breathes in the familiar smell of old stones, of lavender and lemons, of terracotta and wood, of grass and sun like the hills all around.
He takes a deep breath. He closes his eyes.
Then Steve wakes up, but not all the way, no. His brain makes him linger in that strange place between the dream and the real world. It’s just a moment. It’s always just a moment. The illusion never lasts for more than just that.
“She was never mad at you. She’s learned to understand you.”
There are explosions.
He’s not feeling very well. His head is fuzzy, his limbs are heavy. There’s a dull ache in his thighs. He can only explain it with all the sex he’s been having, but he remembers it started before that.
Stella searches for a while, and then extracts a specific picture from the bundle she’s holding in her thin hand. She places it on the table in front of Tony, taps on it with her finger a couple of times.
And Steve is back in Wakanda for a few moments—on a bed too big and empty, with his heart too big and empty, crying all the way through dawn every night, waiting next to a phone that still, to this day, has never been used. He’s back to missing Tony like a piece of himself, back to so many days without sleep that Sam would comment on the dark circles around his eyes, because no, the serum doesn’t have the cure for heartbreak. He’s back to running through the forest outside Birnin Zana until his feet were bleeding inside his shoes.
“It was, Tony.”
“Tony—”
“Oh,” Tony says in a murmur, and Steve is suddenly aware that there’s something firm pressed against his thigh.
It used to be so different.
Steve moves on top of him, adjusting his grip. His dick is as hard as a rock, and Tony feels a weird tickle in his ass, a buzzing under his skin.
“I’m sorry about Siberia.”
Steve is wearing way too little clothing to be able to hide the deep flush that makes him bright pink from nose to stomach.
“The garlic burns if you leave it in the oil for too long,” Tony explains.
“Don’t do this to me, Tony.”
But this one. This commercial. There’s a man and a woman, and they are both beautiful, unimaginably so, but the man...
Ok! Mom says you saved the world once.
Tony leans over and kisses him, just barely, on the mouth, his fingers gently holding Steve’s chin in place.
Tony’s tank top dries Steve’s tears.
“It had to look real, Steve,” Tony answers, and Steve knows it’s the truth but it hurts like a blade through his chest. Tony lied to him. About this. About being
“Okay, so, you know the bonds parents have in their heads?” Tony starts, and he waits for Sarah to nod. Then he continues, “The bond is like a garden. You have to take care of it. If the parents do that, the flowers are all beautiful, and they all smell great.”
“‘S good. Feels... Can you touch—”
“You still want to—”
“Yeah. I thought you’d like that.”
They eat the cherries in silence, basking in the afternoon sun, in the pleasant shade of the tree.
It’s not that he couldn’t. Actually, he’s pretty sure he could. He just doesn’t want to.
“Jesus, Tony—”
friends. I’m appreciated by a decent number of people, as a scientist
“Hey. Hey.”
Tony keeps moving his head, his eyes closed, but then he looks up at Steve for a moment, places a hand on Steve’s ass and pulls him in and Steve gets it,
Tony picks up the picture of Stella and Maria on the beach that’s been resting on the coffee table the whole time.
“I walked right into that one, didn’t I?” Steve asks while he’s still red in the face.
“No. Yes! I mean—”
Tony doesn’t know what to do next but suddenly something breaks in the middle of his chest and he lets out a pained sob, because this, they could’ve had
The moment Tony gets back to his room, he realizes that he should’ve thought this through. He should’ve thought about not leaving his Alpha alone during a rut. Without telling him that he was leaving, or when he would get back.
Always so fucking dramatic.
Steve jerks himself off and Tony watches him, and his come is warm against Tony’s skin. He bends down for a kiss and he’s still panting against Tony’s mouth when he swallows to catch his breath and says, “Tonight?”
. I was... seven, I think.”
A few minutes pass in silence, then Steve hears Tony sniff, blow his nose, wash his face. He comes out of the bathroom, eyes red and puffy, face bent down so Steve can’t see it too well.
“You use an electric razor?”
“You won’t, Steve. You know how to dose your strength,” he says, throwing away Maria’s dirty diaper. He doesn’t think about the time Steve punched him. He doesn’t think about how he punched back just as hard. “Besides,” he adds, “I trust you.”
“So I guess the, um, cure, is you eating me out as much as possible. And then please fuck me too because I kind of still need that,” Tony tells him.
“Right,” he says. “Alright.”
Plenty of places are older than Steve. Plenty of places are far older than this church. The ancient ruins in Rome, the pyramids in Egypt, Knossos in Greece. The Ziggurat of Ur in Iraq, Cuicuilco in Mexico. Qin Shi Huang’s mausoleum in China. But Steve has never been to any of those places. Steve is here, now.
Manuela is charming and polite as always, friendly, professional. Tony exchanges a few words with her, asks about her family, about the Relais. She glances at Tony’s car.
He left Tony alone in the cold, so he’s gonna be cold, too.
“Is it.”
“So… how do we—”
But the most amazing thing, what really fills Steve’s mind to the brim and drives him crazy, is the way Tony tastes. The scent of his skin, of his slick. It’s metallic and intense, strong. Like the stars, Steve thinks again, but any true term of comparison falls short, because it’s so good that nothing can match it. Whatever it is, though, it’s now made sweeter by the heat.
Tony nods, almost imperceptibly, as if that would make it less of an admission. “I knew I had to do something since the moment I flew into that damn portal, but
“Wha—”
Tony is ahead of Steve, already rock hard in his yoga pants (and even that, Tony in
Tony closes his eyes and bites the inside of his cheek.
Steve.
all over your diary?”
“I love you—”
“You gave me a yellow rose.”
He sits next to her, and she hides her face in his chest and cries. Tony hugs her back and when Steve is there too she explains what happened.
He’s sitting in a dark corner of the room. He breathes quietly but it sounds labored, as though he has to think about it to keep on doing it.
“You didn’t sleep much,” Steve tries after a while, a blush rising to his cheeks.
He didn’t think he was this angry. But Steve is here now, and everything is coming back in waves—terrible waves of hate that feel like they almost don’t belong to him because Tony isn’t like this, Tony doesn’t hate, and sure as hell he doesn’t hate Steve, but—
Steve looks down at him, and a wicked grin makes its way on his face. “You know that means you’ll have to wear pants. And the undershirt.”
“It went like this. I was scared you’d go after Bucky, but I waited because I wanted to be sure, and I came to you as soon as I felt that I was. I should’ve told you before. But I wanted to tell you. I was about to tell you.”
Steve zips up his hoodie.
It’s tomorrow.
He needs this to end. He pinches the skin of Steve’s leg.
For the first time since that day when that SHIELD agent wanted to trick him into thinking it was still the 40s, Steve feels like he hasn’t been misplaced, like he’s not clinging to his past out of sheer stubbornness and sadness, like he doesn’t need to desperately try to go back home or force someone else to be the carefree boy he used to be before unspeakable trauma, like he isn’t here just waiting for his life to suddenly snap back to normal.
“Either way, I’m... I’m proud of you.”
They twinkle like flames in a dream.
Tony can’t think of anything to say, so he squirms under Steve’s touch and his back arches with so much arousal, so much pent-up energy, the tightest desperation—he doesn’t know where to put it, what to do with himself. He’d touch Steve if his fingers weren’t still wrapped, but they are, and they feel numb and clumsy, and all his desires go nowhere.
, in Steve’s handwriting.
“You’re so beautiful. My Omega. Beautiful.”
“Oh god, no. My science’s always been too closely linked to my company. Having me would be like saying ‘Hey, everyone, go buy the stuff this guy makes!’ and they can’t have that. Not on national television.”
Ugh. They fell asleep on the bed while they were playing with Maria. She’s still between them, eyes open now.
Tony blinks several times before turning towards Steve.
A pause.
“I swear to god—”
, followed by today’s date and Steve’s initials.
In the few minutes he’s been outside, sweat has gathered between the thin metal bracelets and the skin of his wrists.
, I’m telling you. I’ve never seen anything like that.”
I know who likes to see blood and who gets hard from punching. I know who likes it fast and hard and who’d rather take his time with it, nice and slow. I know who likes humiliating more than fucking. I know who is impatient and I know who is okay with waiting to be the last, because he likes it when I’m used up and dirty and full of his friends’ come. He likes to see me squirm in pain, he likes to watch me as I power through the last one of them. He calls me a whore.
“I know, yeah.”
Tony stops moving at some point, his gaze lost into nothing. He’s thinking. It’s not the first time this happens. Steve waits.
They’ll need to get used to this, Steve thinks, almost distractedly. The long preparation, the careful attention. Steve can’t be rough, not anymore. Unless Tony finds a way to go back to his original size. But now that Steve stops to consider the possibility, he’s not that sure he wants Tony to do it.
Tony wraps a towel around his hips while he checks on her. She looks at him with her big eyes for a moment, then falls asleep.
Tony opens his eyes and looks at Steve, and Steve looks down at him while he fucks him slow and languorous, just by rolling his hips, without putting his thighs nor his knees into the motion at all. Tony takes Steve’s head into his hands, caresses the sides of his neck, his thumbs stroking Steve’s cheeks, still wet with Tony’s slick.
Steve pushes his finger past Tony’s rim, and Tony moans and arches up off the bed with the sensation. He kisses Steve, languid and sensual, plays with his tongue and bites on his lips.
“It clashes with the rest of the room.”
They sleep, and the next morning Tony travels down Steve’s body and blows him.
Steve’s thumb is drawing small circles over Tony’s cheek. He must love feeling himself through the stretched out skin of Tony’s face, especially around the knot.
He separates them, breaking the stalk with beautifully precise movements. He eats one then, chews it slowly, spits the pit onto his hand and throws it on the ground, lets nature swallow its own fruits.
Steve slides his hands past Tony’s shoulders, and places them on his back, folding him into a tentative hug that grows more confident by the second.
“Tony said something like that. And look, under any other circumstance, I’d probably agree. We make mistakes, and our mistakes are big and public and hurt people. And people shouldn’t pay for them.”
Tony Stark, the man of second chances.
“You feel weird in my head.”
His orgasm hits him in waves, powerful waves of white-hot light that caress over his skin and make him calmer, and he’s able to breathe again, and think again.
Tony stands under the spray of the water until it’s clear.
water, spray the insides of his thighs, his balls, and –
Tony looks up at Steve and laughs and moans his name over and over while Steve pushes into him. He starts moving and Tony’s heart leaps with joy.
That doesn’t make any sense, Steve thinks. He’s just a kid from Brooklyn.
Steve wonders why Tony doesn’t order wine. It’d go well with this food and it looks like this place has all the best ones.
. He feels like he can barely function. The more he has, the more he wants. He dreams about being inside Tony while he has him wrapped up in his arms, and his own come is leaking onto his thighs from Tony’s ass. He dreams about sucking Tony off and wakes up with Tony’s taste still in his mouth from the night before. It’s driving Steve crazy.
His dick is hard, and he needs to fuck Tony, but he wills himself to ignore it. There’s something else attracting him, luring him, and he goes, willing and gullible as the young hero at the beginning of old stories.
Steve doesn’t need much sleep, but he likes to indulge in it when he can, especially now that he’s got Tony breathing quietly next to him, snoring softly from time to time. Tony wakes up a bit abruptly, and seems disoriented for a minute. He looks at Steve, and that seems to ground him—he sighs with relief.
“Go!”
, he thinks, snappish, and struggles to keep from saying aloud. He hits the heavy bag too hard, and it swirls back at him so suddenly that he has to stop it with his gloved hands.
Steve’s head snaps up, he looks at Tony, surprised, and a bit lost, eyes red.
What if they could understand each other. What if it wasn’t hard at all.
Entering the Shadow Pillar prison is easier than Tony thought. Steve has already been here once, to talk to the man who stole his face and was a tyrant in his name, and not much has changed since then.
They pull out three fingernails.
that echoes through the empty HYDRA base. He takes off his cowl and his gloves, cradles Tony’s head. He feels Tony’s blood, warm and wet between his fingers.
Steve nods, but doesn’t say more.
Tony opens himself up to Steve’s scrutiny and it takes so much more trust than what he thought he was capable of. He waits as Steve experiences him, and he catches glimpses of what Steve sees. Strawberry blond hair and deadpan humor, the solid pillar of Rhodey’s friendship, Happy’s warm presence. The loss of his parents, a lonely childhood, the nights spent in front of a screen to build up a long-lost friend. The brilliancy Tony can achieve, the willingness to use it to help people, then his eccentricism, his tendency to misbehave when pushed, his affected bravado. The keyhole through which Tony glances at the future, and the dark, heavy clouds of his past, the acid rains of regret, both public and personal, Obie’s betrayal. Then, Steve reaches the place where Tony keeps what he thinks of himself, his most private worldview, and that’s the only time that Tony shields from Steve—he let him come this far, but no further. Steve pushes at the closed door, doesn’t recoil, just touches it kindly, as though massaging a sore muscle, and Tony’s mind quiets down for a while, a tamed beast.
need to get to work.”
In the end, there’s a sort of tiredness around Tony’s eyes, an awareness, resignation. He visibly pushes it all down and plasters the sensual smirk from before onto his face.
Tony’s gonna have them framed.
The next second, Steve thinks, is what made people invent the word
Steve fucks up into him, bottoms out, and Tony’s voice does something that doesn’t even sound like him at all.
“Okay. Okay, it’s fine. Right? Let me just…”
“Tony and I realized pretty soon that while the Pym Particles could help us get into the prison, they’d be useless to access the cells. They’re shielded in a way that… you just need the code, and…”
Steve crouches down in front of him, touches his face.
“But I can’t stay away either. I don’t know how… I tell myself it’s fine, but… I can’t, I can’t, I can’t even think about it.”
“You like it?”
Steve doesn’t touch Tony, but sits close to him and keeps guiding his breathing. When Tony opens his eyes he can’t quite look at Steve, but Steve grabs Tony’s shirt from the floor and offers it to him. Tony puts it on uncertainly.
Tony lifts his arms to circle Steve’s back, Steve’s ribs under his fingers. He starts shaking, and Tony caresses his back up and down, while Steve’s tears wet Tony’s t-shirt and the crook of his neck.
All in all, everyone knew that sex with Tony Stark was amazing: 10/10 would recommend.
“I was testing different miniaturizing technologies. To perfect my own. And I was using a laser.”
It’s like a code word, giving Steve access to a memory he’s locked away and never looked at for a very long time, because even just remembering was too much after he’d lost it all.
“Great. She seems very attached to you. That’s good. Keep going. Bring her back in a month or so for her scheduled vaccines.”
The long nights in the compound, scheming, theorizing, building. I brought him coffee. He always said,
“Of course you are,” Steve says while he strokes his jaw.
Tony’s clothes are different from what Steve has always seen him in back in the States. Here, he wears linen pants, simple t-shirts, all in subtle colors—dark greens and blues, gray, black, white.
Bliss floods Tony’s mind and he comes, too, all over his abdomen.
“No, of course, I wanted to… I don’t know. I wanted to tell you, but I was dreading it. I was selfish, in a way, because I didn’t want to be the one who told you. But hurting you was never my intention.”
, Rhodey says, and adds the spider emoji at the end. Nerd.
Tony grabs one of Steve’s hands, tugs at Steve’s arm until he can press Steve’s palm to the arc reactor, until he feels Steve’s body sway forward following the arm and touch his chest to Tony’s back.
Steve lifts his face, and it’s a mask of tears. He brushes his fingers over Tony’s cheek, stroking; then he sweeps his thumb over Tony’s parted lips.
Each time, there’s more torture.
Okay. What the fuck is happening to Steve? What the hell has gotten into him? Did Loki sprinkle him with some magic glitter that makes him horny all the time? Is he just regularly horny all the time and the glitter makes him think Tony is half his actual age?
“Tony,” Stella says, “do you really not remember me at all?”
Without saying anything, Tony retrieves his pillow from the living room. He walks around the bed, places the pillow on the empty spot. “I’m sorry about before. I was… I don’t know. I’m sorry.” The more he talks, the more his voice becomes small. “I thought you wanted that. But you don’t. Clearly. Which is fine. My bad.”
Bucky tears his gaze away from Natasha, and smirks at Steve. Jerk.
Once alone, a thick silence settles between them.
But most of all, Tony thinks about his mother.
Tony opens his eyes. It’s May 29th. Today he is sixty-one years old.
“I hope it’s soft enough for her. I wanted to use buttons for the eyes but then I thought, what if they come off and she… So I got some black thread and—”
“I’m sorry.”
“Tony, I’m serious. I’m… Listen, you want to keep it to yourself, fine. I’m just worried, that’s all.”
“Oh my god, Tony, you’re so— It’s so hot inside you, I don’t— I wanna keep you like this forever.”
“You want me to stay awake with you? I can do it.”
“Why?”
“Maybe you hunt vampires at night and haven’t told anyone.”
“Hey, hey,” he whispers, taking Steve’s face in his hands and forcing him to look into his eyes. “Hey. This wasn’t bad. This wasn’t bad.”
He uses the bathroom quickly, then ventures in the living room, where he finds Tony sitting on the couch, still in his underwear, ice pack covering his shoulder, hooded eyes absently watching a cooking show on the TV.
Why can’t Tony be just a normal Omega; why can’t he be just… thin and cute and… and enjoy the right things and not want his Alpha to knot his mouth, and not want to fuck his Alpha with his fingers and maybe even his dick, why can’t he just… why can’t he just be submissive and good for Steve and—
“Oh, Captain America said bad words.”
His art. A cherry tree. A bed. A blanket on the grass.
Situations like this one.
Getting the words out takes everything out of Tony, he sways forward, unable to hold himself up any further. He ends up straight between Steve’s arms.
He shuts the water off, and turns towards Steve.
“You were scared?”
“The love of my life.”
Steve opens his mouth a few times and then closes it. He doesn’t know what to say. How to explain it to his child. He takes a deep breath. Simple words, Rogers.
Tony had kissed him in the elevator. Steve had his hands in his pockets, and he was starting to feel awkward, unsure about how to end the date. But Tony turned, went up on his tiptoes, fisted the lapels of Steve’s leather jacket and waited for Steve to bend his head and meet him halfway. He cupped Tony’s face with his hand as the elevator dinged open to the workshop floor.
In some way, it’s like Tony keeps testing himself, seeing what he can handle each time, experimenting like any scientist would. It’s not really about intimacy, Steve thinks, he’s pretty sure Tony would agree that you can touch someone’s soul while sucking them off, penetration isn’t some higher form of sex act. But the physical sensations
That’s fine. Tony has a right to his secrets.
“I just wanted to apologize and thank you for not making a big deal out of… what I did last night.”
“Outside. Needed some fresh air.”
It’s usually how it goes. It’s rare, this kind of betrayal, but when it happens… the pile of Omega bodies grows.
The situation is dire, but he can’t give up hope. He takes a few rocks from the ground, and rearranges them into a T. That way he’ll know if he walks past the same place twice.
Tony wakes up peacefully, Steve’s face still pressed against the reactor. Maybe it was Tony that woke Steve up, maybe he was already awake, but Steve lifts his head, eyes open.
Tony kisses his hand, and nods into it.
“I can imagine. But it was the right thing to do.”
“You too.”
“I’m sorry.”
“It’s gonna be worth it, believe me. It’s the best.”
“‘Course you can.”
in the middle of the street, and he’s friends with Manuela who works at the Relais, and that kid in San Gimignano who told him he was a hero—the only bit Steve understood of that whole conversation.
“No. Not now. Sleep now. Just... just sleep.”
“Damn,” Steve says, tone full of disbelief. “I don’t know if you have memory issues, or if you don’t even listen to the things I say, or if you suddenly become stupid when we talk about this.”
. If you think that’s in any way acceptable to me—”
“Okay,” Tony says stroking the nape of his neck, “we’re gonna figure something out. You sure I wasn’t hurting you?”
“Could’ve been rotting fish, I count myself lucky.”
Tony must be almost done in the bathroom; the water isn’t running anymore.
Tony understood everything about Bucky and his situation as soon as he had time to think about it, just like he said he would have if only Steve had gone to him first, if only Steve had trusted him.
He wonders how Steve could pull out of his mouth. Maybe his mind got so fucked up that it fucked with Steve’s arousal too.
“Come on in. Sorry for the mess, I was making pie… I just put it in the oven.”
He hears Steve chuckle.
A few weeks later, Steve comes by again.
Steve fucks up into him a few times and the whole universe goes still as Tony catches his breath as though he just ran a marathon instead of being asleep. The pounding in his head stops, the terrible sensation twisting his guts slowly ebbs away, and there’s only the perfection of Steve being inside him, of Steve kissing his chest and his neck, of Steve stroking his mind and his dick and all the pain and discomfort transforming into pleasure and peace and—
“Alright. Alright. Call through FRIDAY if you—”
Oh, god.
Steve tries to hug him, relieved and sad, but Tony gasps in pain because of his broken rib and flinches away. He regrets it, because he doesn’t want Steve to think that he might be confused about who’s standing in front of him, and Tony would like to explain it to him, but he doesn’t know how. Words feel unfamiliar now, strangers. Foreign objects inside him that he’s forgotten how to push out.
It seems like a huge construction from the past. Abandoned centuries ago and left there to collect dust.
Tony turns away from Steve and his gaze falls on their hands, still bound together with his hand wrap.
“Or so I thought at the time, of course. Now I know that wasn’t the case; you’ve said as much. But to think how little it took. A snap of your fingers, Steve, and I would’ve been yours. I was. I was yours, that night.
They enter the chapel, and Tony hears Steve mutter, “It’s cylindrical! I’ll be damned,” his tone a mix between awed and excited.
“And what’s up with that, anyway? Was he frozen too?”
There’s a sharp intake of air from Sarah. “You never say that!” she shouts, indignant.
“Tony. Hi.” It’s a video call, but Tony doesn’t open the holoscreen.
They regroup in the kitchen. Natasha has a grim look on her face.
Just—
“So. That was… that was nice,” Tony tries for casual and fails so miserably that he wants to bang his head against the wall, but he just rebooted his entire biology so he’s kind of trying to take better care of himself.
affect–”
Tony gets out of the car, gestures to Steve to stay put. Steve follows him with his gaze.
He feels like he weighs so much he could make a hole in the Earth. He feels his muscles spasming, contracting painfully without him instructing them to. He feels weak. He’s sweating; he’s cold and hot at the same time. His mind is slipping away from him, his control faltering.
Tony melts into him, between his arms. Touching him is familiar and new at the same time, and so strange. The point of contact sparks with electricity, with excitement, with every emotion Steve has ever felt for Tony. He’s spent days, months, trying to remind himself that this was never going to happen again. Because Tony was gone. And now, now. Look at them now.
“I can go back out if you’re not—”
“I don’t know. But we can. We could.”
“I’m getting sentimental in my old age.”
Obviously.
, Steve thinks,
Tony feels like he’s about to cry again, but he presses his lips together until the feeling goes away, and then looks into Steve’s eyes, nods, and Steve hugs him close, cradling the back of his head with one hand, and maybe it’s only Steve’s incredible strength, but Tony feels weightless for the first time in his life.
“That was messy,” Tony says, admiring the stripes of come on Steve’s chest. Some of it even hit his beard, and he must feel it because he cleans it away with the back of his hand. “I like it.”
She’s crying too, now, and Steve releases Tony’s hand and sits next to her on the couch, hesitates for a moment, then wraps her up in his big arms. Tony follows, sits on Stella’s other side, and hugs her too, and what he can reach of Steve, because you hug people when they’re hurt; his Mom taught him that.
“A whale,” Tony says, dumbfounded.
That changes things. Because she didn’t choose this and doesn’t deserve it. They’re fathers, and they’ve let their kid reek of hurt and loss her whole life. It’s not right.
“Nothing fresh in this air.”
Steve holds himself up with one arm, his free hand slides around to cup the back of Tony’s head, then travels down to caress his neck, his throat, his chest—the scar, the arc reactor.
“—while you go off and do your silly ‘hold my beer and watch this’ schtick, which frankly—”
“I can’t hear any ticking.”
Thank god. He doesn’t believe in any god, even though he has met some, but thank god.
Steve doesn’t stop, he can’t stop. He’d die if he stops, but it’s not enough, it’s like having only half of Tony. It’s like being only half of himself.
He feels like he doesn’t have enough skin to cover all of himself. Every inch of it feels as if it has been scrubbed raw, like it’s burning—it prickles unpleasantly, it itches.
“I could break it,” he says.
Steve freezes.
Steve’s dick protests the lack of pressure with a jolt of pain, but he forces it at the back of his awareness with a small struggle.
“Him! Death! The… Whoever wants the stones!”
“People care about it now, but it’s in ruins. The damage is done,” Tony adds.
“Don’t raise your voice, it’s bad for you. And yes, I know what you mean. And we better find a solution fast because I’m not gonna lead the team.”
“I went to visit her grave, after. Wish I went to her funeral, though. I can’t... I didn’t go to her funeral. I didn’t go to Peggy Carter’s funeral. Fucking bullshit.”
But Steve tried to kiss him. And he said that he… But no, come on. Loving someone doesn’t mean wanting to be with them. Especially when that
Tony looks surprised, a bit lost, keeps staring at Steve for guidance, his eyes wide in question,
When she releases Tony, she turns her gaze to Steve. “You must be Steve,” she says, amicably. For a moment, Steve is surprised by the familiarity. Usually people revert to formality around him, especially those who lived through the war. But he’s not offended by Stella’s attitude. It’s actually refreshing.
, but not quite.
Warning: there's some graphic violence/blood and major character death towards the end of this chapter BUT all in the context of a dream. None of it actually happens, but it's still pretty vivid so be careful <3
Tony.
He makes Steve sit on the bed, back propped up against the headboard, and he adjusts a pillow in between. He takes Steve’s face between his hands, straddles his thighs again.
“That’s crazy,” he says when Steve reaches him. “How much time can you hold your breath underwater, exactly?”
She goes into the living room, and searches the bookcase for a while. When she comes back, she’s holding a physical copy of her book. In Italian, the version Tony has never seen.
“You said my name. You said my name.”
Isn’t that right.
Time stops, and Steve’s heart stops with it.
“Never ever.”
, Tony almost says.
He tries to remember Tony’s scent, the aroma of the other night’s spaghetti, the sound of Tony’s laugh under the cherry tree, the timbre of his voice.
Tony’s whole body jerks to the left, away from Steve. The steering wheel follows his hands, the car sways to the wrong side of the road.
Bucky tries not to laugh. “I need to do this on my own terms right now, and you gotta promise me you’ll let me.”
Steve feels it into his bones, deep inside him, in his blood, in his brain. His muscles spasm and ache with it, his throat burns when he breathes.
“Hey, you didn’t ask. I offered.”
“Not really. I haven’t talked to him at all, which might’ve been discouraging.”
“There, reputation ruined. Told you I could do it.”
“Ha ha, very funny. I’m sorry. It’s been such a mess.”
“I’m very tired.”
“Where… where is he? Can I see him, I—”
The weirdest sensation, though, is between his legs, where his cock is tenting his underwear, so much so that the tip is poking out of the waistband. He pushes his hips forward, but stops as soon as he remembers that the warm body next to him is Steve.
But the issue of Tony’s erections is still there, of course. They can’t just stop, it could be bad for him. So they agree: sex once a day, doesn’t matter when, depending on work and whatever else they have to do. Could be better at night for both of them, but Steve knows sometimes Tony wakes up to a spike of anxiety, so he’s willing to help with those even if he has to postpone his run, or not go that day. But if they’re tired, not in the mood, don’t want to for whatever reason, they can skip a day. Sex marathons keep being a thing they do, not every weekend, but once a month, or when and if they really feel like it. About once a week, when Steve feels really keyed up; when his sexual drive really isn’t letting him live, they’ll try to do something about it. If it happens more frequently or if at any point either of them feels like anything needs to be changed, they’ll talk about it and decide each time.
“You don’t need to worry. I’m a tough one.”
He should move on.
“I like everything about you,” Steve replies, and he sits up to wrap his arms around Tony, brush his cheek against his chest. He licks Tony’s scars there, then moves slowly towards a nipple—he nips at it and Tony shudders and Steve doesn’t think about the picture of Tony pregnant and covered in bruises.
“No, not what it looks like. What it
“Then it’s better if you—”
“I do. Want it. Very much.”
Tony is gonna ask. Eventually.
“Your hair’s still dry—”
The scent of orchids. Dark purple. The taste of oranges.
Tony looks down at his body. “Sh—shit. Hurts.”
She looks down at the floor and she seems to search for a resolve that she doesn’t have. That’s strange too: if there’s something Riri has plenty of, it’s courage. There’s fire in her heart, there’s always been. It’s why Tony loved her so much, it’s why Steve loves her so much.
It’s a good routine. They’re getting used to each other’s bodies, they’re getting more confident in their respective knowledge of what the other likes. It’s easy and straightforward, serves the purpose of making them connect physically and helps Tony with his erections.
“Log it in with T'Challa.”
“I’m not stupid.”
“Then you don’t have to worry about a thing, alright? Dad and I will sort this out. We’ll make up for good and we’ll be happy for real. And if there are any problems you can talk to us. About anything. Anything at all.”
“I liked visiting the cities with you. I know sometimes I get bored, I can’t help it... but I’m glad you were having fun.”
“Steve.”
of Tony’s, the low hum of the reactor. Tony twitches in his sleep—it’s not peaceful at all, and Steve wonders how much rest he’s really getting. The wind howls outside, the leaves rustle. Stella sings while she cooks, the cats meowing at her.
Tony twists around to look at Steve, and there’s a wild glint in his eyes, something impulsive and ruthless that he’s desperately trying to reign in. Tony reaches up with his arm, and there’s a bit of fumbling until Steve can press his face into Tony’s neck and Tony can do the same to him while still maintaining a comfortable position for knotting. It’s difficult, but they manage.
“But you’re—”
“I suppose I don’t. I tried it once. Didn’t like it.”
, for god’s sake. If something happens to him Tony’s never gonna—
“Ninety-eight.”
Again, Tony uses his fingers to comb Steve’s hair away from his forehead. Steve leans into the touch before remembering that he shouldn’t.
Dinner is at a restaurant—an osteria—too close to the bed and breakfast to justify the use of the car to get there. They walk side by side. Tony orders for them both, something called cappelletti in brodo di cappone, and water.
“Come here for a moment?” Tony asks, and Steve drops Tony’s t-shirt and gives up folding it altogether. Five tries are enough even for his tenacity.
“Where they want to be,” T'Challa says, which, okay, fair enough.
“I hope you’re having a good time,” he says, earnest.
Fuck. Alright. Tony can’t think about that right now. His eyes burn.
“I wouldn’t have gone after him,” he says in the end, quietly, but with no doubt at all.
“What’re you thinking about?”
Bucky reaches out to rest a hand on his shoulder. Tony simply looks at it. Bucky has never touched him.
“You really think so? I don’t. I think we’d keep each other on our toes. I’d tell you when you isolate yourself and stop accepting people’s help, you’d tell me when I start making decisions based on anger and impatience. We wouldn’t be as self-destructive if we could rely on each other. We’d consider more variables, more point of views. We’d lead better. We’d fight better.”
“Is Tony okay,” he says, forgetting to make it sound like a question, because he needs to know, he needs to know right now,
And Steve remembers that for some reason he was struck by this thing, the thing about a woman being in love with another woman. And maybe it wasn’t even true, maybe it was just that she was a good singer and that was a good song and they didn’t change the names or the pronouns, sure, it was way more likely, but Steve—
Eventually they stumble back to the bed, falling into it in a tangle of limbs. Steve guides Tony up on all fours, fucks into him again, and without even realizing he’s doing it, he slaps his hand against Tony’s ass.
Tony kisses him. He caresses his face, his beard, and it gives Steve an idea.
But then Vision said,
a million times could erase all the small and big acts of violence Steve has committed (and still commits, and will commit) against him.
It wasn’t Barnes’ fault.
Steve gets up only to kneel again behind Tony, hides his face in the crook of Tony’s neck, sucks at the skin there, places one hand on Tony’s stomach, grazing with his thumb at the scars on his chest, and starts jacking Tony off with the other. His erection is— it’s almost complete.
Almeno tu nell’universo
forget.
They weren’t.
One day he had been allowed to stay with Dad while he was working, and he had handed Tony a soldering tip at some point. It had been too hot for Tony—he didn’t have thick calluses on his hands like Dad, back then—so he had dropped it. He showed the reddened skin to Dad, but he didn’t hug Tony. He yelled at him for dropping the tip, and Tony ran away.
“You!”
“I know. I feel like such an asshole, sometimes. And maybe it’s selfish but I don’t wanna lose him, I don’t want that.”
Steve would be taller than him, like he really is. The top of Tony’s head would barely reach Steve’s chin, but Tony wouldn’t feel lacking for it. Steve wouldn’t make him feel like he needs to be any different from who he already is.
“Uh… Steve?”
“He’s... I can’t say he’s okay, but… being here is good for him.”
“Good. Thick. Want more.”
It surprises them.
He tries to get up but his legs are shaking and he can’t move them inside the suit. There’s blood that’s not his splattered across his face, seeping into his eyes and the undersuit; he closes his mouth and tries to breathe with his nose but he gags from the smell.
“On the couch. I couldn’t sleep. That’s why I heard you as soon as you started mumbling things.”
His body, too muscly and full for an Omega. He’s never been petite or thin. Sure, he’s short enough, there’s that at least, but the rest of his body could never match up, especially not after he became Iron Man and needed strength to pilot the armor. Still, his belly isn’t exactly toned, and he has stretch marks around his navel and scars over his heart, and his skin isn’t soft and unblemished—it’s rough and coarse, with burns and scrapes and bruises and scratches.
“And you—”
There’s a fireplace in the room. The fire is burning bright now.
“I miss her so much, Tony.”
“Tony,” Steve says, careful, “what are you trying to say?”
He whines at the thought, the memory of going through a rut with Tony there with him and willing still fresh in his mind as though he did it just yesterday.
“Alright.”
“No more excuses,” Tony echoes, nodding his head and tucking his nose against the hollow of Steve’s throat, right where the smell of
Stella’s orchard is grey and humid; the timid winter sun doesn’t reach past the branches, even though the foliage is sparse.
“I’m not. And I can handle it, anyway. I’m a superhero.”
I tried to escape.
Tony looks at what Steve added:
“Yeah. I mean that maybe we aren’t just an alternative future, maybe we are also an alternative universe. Maybe Spider-Man can go back to his own timeline/universe and leave ours… unperturbed. But it’s a big chance we are taking here. There are so many things that could go wrong, I—”
“Mh-mh.”
Then he reaches even lower, and presses his wet fingers inside Steve’s ass.
“My mom would wear hers only on Sunday. It was peach. The color, I mean. The only one she had.”
“Could you… could you bring me a pen and some, some paper?”
“Oh, come on,” Steve says, looking at Tony with wide, pleading eyes.
“Yeah.”
They rest, then, for as long as the knot latches them together, which is a very long time. Tony can’t say how much, but when Steve can finally slip out of him the winter sun is already starting to set.
that Steve’s eyes well up at the thought.
He can’t keep eating the same amount of food Tony eats. It’s not enough.
He just really fucking misses him. He got so used to having Rhodey close at the compound, to seeing him all the time, that being so far away now is just straight up painful. Over the phone, it’s just not the same, sometimes.
Tony whimpers. Steve does it again. And again.
“There are no pillows here. It’s important.”
He looks around, but he already knows where he is. He already knows who’s in the room with him.
The drive to Bagno Vignoni isn’t long, and they’re both quiet in the car. They leave it in a small parking lot hidden between the trees when they arrive, and walk side by side towards the centre of the small town.
him to do things.
“We got home last night. The doctors patched you up. You’ve been sleeping since then.”
“Too much information,” Tony says, tender, his heart in his throat again.
Farm house adapted to host guests who wish to spend time in the countryside doing a variety of activities like riding horses, tending to animals, and generally experiencing life on a farm. They also can have pools and restaurants attached and get pretty fancy in some cases.
“Yeah. After New York. Anxiety, too.”
Steve can’t sleep. His stomach is rumbling. He’s hungry.
“You got the shape of my lips just right,” Tony says, almost inaudible, and hopes Steve understands what he’s talking about.
Tony strokes his hair with his hand; he strokes Steve’s soul with his.
He’s not even hard.
“But I should’ve told you. I should’ve. I was scared, but I should’ve told you.”
They were the happiest eight months of Tony’s life.
Tony nods, and Steve lets him get up and walk inside, following him close. There’s an awkward moment in the bedroom, but before Steve can do anything Tony takes his pajamas and hides in the bathroom to change.
Tony laughs. “Alright.”
“Do you know where he is right now?”
I know they did. If there’s one thing I know is that I gave him hope, even imperfectly, even if sometimes he didn’t need it or want it, not from me.
“Sir has yet to return to the penthouse, Captain,” JARVIS informs him before he has a chance to ask.
“I’m so happy you’re here,” Tony says, and smiles as true as he can, because he really is happy that Steve is here, he’s so, so happy, and he wants Steve to know it.
They do it. They kick me to the floor when they’re done and they do it. They piss on me, all twelve of them. They spit on me.
Steve looks and looks and looks, thanks his eidetic memory and curses it at the same time, because he wants to remember this image forever, yes, but –
He starts losing weight, which is the worst thing that could happen to someone in his situation. He has to be fed through an IV for about a month.
“Not really. But you can keep me company.”
“It’s over, Steve. It’s over, baby. I’ve found you. I’ve found you.”
Tony quickly climbs down the tree. He lifts his hands in defeat.
There’s not an ounce of regret in his soul.
“Us. It’s gonna be us.”
The first time they had sex was right after their first kiss. Steve dropped to his knees and then Tony reciprocated after making Steve lie down on the bed. The second time it was Steve that initiated it, slow handjobs under the hot spray of the shower, and Tony looked surprised by it. Like it was weird that Steve wanted it. Wanted
A reality where Steve loves him.
“He’s a good kid. But he... he’s a kid, and I... It’s dangerous.”
“It reminds me,” he says, and he rests his palm on his opposite side, on the bruise. “Reminds me of our night.”
Steve took the part of Sharon’s—or should he say Peggy’s?—speech that was most reassuring to him at that time and ran with it, but now he realizes he skipped over the most important bit: when you fight with someone or for something you love and care about, you compromise.
“That’s not why I keep it.”
“What do you think just happened?”
One last time, one last blow with his shield. Right into Tony’s neck.
Tony comes out of the bedroom, his face a bit flushed.
“Of course,” Rhodey says, sobering up.
The sun disappears, covered by a spaceship.
He knows it won’t happen.
“Just for a bit?”
Tony looks into his eyes, looks and looks and looks. He’s not moving.
It’s strange, Tony talking like this. So unsure of himself.
“Oh! Oh, yeah! Damn, that looks beautiful.”
He drags the box of Alpha toys closer. He doesn’t have many, just a few basic things. He doesn’t use them all that often, what with the fact that he doesn’t have ruts anymore. But once in a while, the mood strikes. Or after some bad mission, when he needs to unwind and stop thinking for a while. Or when by some fortunate chance he happens to stand too close to Tony and catch a whiff of his sweat.
He swallows around the lump in his throat, sobs again, wipes at his face with the palm of his hands. He nods. Breathes.
Tony stops walking and turns to face Steve. “No, I think... Listen, we should... confront our feelings, all of them, regardless of how uncomfortable they make us. I’m willing to work on that. I just need it to be civil, I just need... I can’t do it if we start screaming at each other. I don’t want to do that.”
Steve hits himself in the head again, but Tony catches his wrist before he can do it more than once.
Tony nudges at his entrance with his fingers. “You’re not—”
Tony’s smell has changed. It’s only normal. Maybe he smells like the widows, like a nest that’s half-full and half-empty at the same time, and the tang of sadness never quite leaves him.
He stands. He picks up the shield. He slides his arm into the leather strap.
“I know what you want. You’ll have to make do.”
He offered to tidy up the gym. Steve, that is. When the knot went down, he got up and cleaned between Tony’s legs with a wet washcloth from the bathroom, put the robe on him and said, “Go on upstairs. I’ll take care of this. Good night. Sleep well.” Yeah. You too.
Too many things. All of them hammering into Steve’s brain.
“Listen, if you… if you wanna come by more, I… I’d be okay with that.”
“There are, you know. Pills… They didn’t hurt her,” he hurries to add after the face Steve makes. “They’re safe, I promise. She’s fine.”
Someone’s calling him. He can’t hear, he’s passing out for lack of air.
“You tell me something, now,” Stella says, serious. “She was killed, right? It wasn’t an accident.”
“Speaking of which. I wanna take you somewhere,” Tony tries.
Not like someone else. (Thank god. Fuck, thank god).
He starts cleaning the floors while two men take me back to the dungeon.
“Wanna fuck me six times in a row?”
Steve’s eagerness quiets Tony’s mind, but his voice is still unsteady when he asks, “How do you mean, for real?”
“Was it for you?”
in love with Steve; he’d always been in love with Steve.
“Good. Headache?”
One of his wrists hurts from the position, so he takes those fingers out of himself, and now he’s just there—mouth knotted, four fingers in his own ass, and his other hand soaked with his slick and he…
“I want to go home, FRIDAY.”
“I don’t want you to go back to New York tomorrow. I don’t want you to leave the team.” Tony’s voice is as firm as he can get it to be.
“I hope so. But, Tony… You shouldn’t try to take all the blame. We made this mess together, and that’s how we should fix it.”
Steve opens a drawer in the dresser to take out a clean undershirt. He looks at Tony with an apology already written in his eyes: Tony will have to lift his arm; there’s no way around it.
dammit, God fucking damn it all.
Steve comes to him that night, knocking on Tony’s door the same way he did the first time he saw his daughter. Unassuming, docile.
“I thought… for a second there, today, I thought—” and he can’t continue or much less finish, but Tony knows. How it must have looked to Steve, entering that room, Tony being suddenly unable to do what they had been planning for weeks, Steve getting distracted, being knocked out by his nemesis who unexpectedly had a weapon.
He hears Steve come down the stairs before he sees him appear from behind the wall. His hair is tousled up, and the creases from the pillows are just disappearing from his cheeks. He’s still wearing the clothes he slept in.
“No. I’m in love.”
The time after that, Tony sucks Steve off against a wall, Steve is so on edge that his orgasm hits him after only a few minutes, and when he comes to, he fixes his eyes on Tony, who is jerking off with that same merciless and ferocious pace he set on himself that time in the gym shower. Steve crouches down next to him, slowly brings Tony’s head up with a hand under his chin. Tony’s eyes flutter open and before he can close them again, Steve holds his gaze for a moment, then looks down at Tony’s lap, then Tony’s eyes again. Then he licks his lips. It’s a silent question, a voiceless request for permission, but it’s a very obvious and clear one, and Steve has no intention of proceeding until Tony allows him to.
Steve inhales, deep, holds the air in his lungs until he can almost taste the dust, the time, the history of this place. He closes his eyes and can almost hear every word that was ever said with these stones as witnesses, can feel the presence of anyone that has ever stood here at any point in history, exactly here where he is standing right now.
“Don’t… There’s no need to apologize. I just want to make sure you’re okay before we—”
“I’m tired, Steve. I’m so tired of feeling like this all the time...” Tony’s eyes burn, and he doesn’t have any power to stop the tears from falling down his cheeks.
“Why the hell wouldn’t I?”
“Ah... no.”
“See, thing is, no offense, but your judgement on stuff like this isn’t all that reliable, Mister ‘I throw myself off buildings once a week.’”
“I’m sorry.”
“I’m trying. It’s very hard... As I said, it was complicated. Many bad things happened all at once; we couldn’t keep up with them. I can’t tell you which things, Sarah, not because you wouldn’t understand, but because you would, and they’re very sad things, baby, and I don’t wanna make you sad. But just know that we were all… hurting, and…” Tony sighs. “Don’t… you don’t have to think about it,” he finishes, and Steve feels Tony’s resolve crumble in his mind, and sees Sarah’s hands shake in a way he doesn’t like.
Tony isn’t entirely sure Steve went soft between the first time he came and when he started fucking Tony again, and he’s not sure Steve has gone soft now at all. He only knows that Steve is moving again.
It’s made of red bricks, but the underside of the arch is white and black with mold. The river passes quietly below it, a bright and clear turquoise, that catches every drop of sunshine.
obvious.
Tony smiles. “I don’t think you’re weird, my love.”
Steve gets up, walks closer to Tony making some noise so Tony doesn’t get startled. He musters up his gentlest voice.
Friendly, even. Just, normal.
He might be just really fucking horny, and that’s perfectly okay with Tony—adrenaline is still streaming in his veins too, making his skin buzz. There’s a wicked spark in Steve’s eyes, a playful, lewd smirk on his lips. Tony has never wanted to be his more than right here, right now.
“Secondly, fair point, and okay, I’ll try.”
“Where are the others?” Tony wishes he could have stopped himself from asking.
Some of his heartbreak must slip away from his control and pass through the neglected bond, because the next thing he feels is a rush of love coming from the other end. It’s weak and muted, but it’s there.
“Me neither.”
Tony feels like he’s never felt before. Like everything is louder, brighter, warmer, more defined. As though he just put on glasses and suddenly he can see the leaves on the trees again, instead of a confusing smudge of green.
There’s a statue of him, outside the training area. Must be at least 50 feet tall. It faces the opposite direction, so I can’t see his face.
The light is gone.
“I did
A supernova explodes in his mind, and then there’s only the pleasure-pain of Steve biting down on his shoulder, fitting his teeth over the mark he left there all those years ago—the first time they bonded, the first time he knotted Tony—the mark that never faded, not ever, not after all that time, like their love for each other didn’t fade, despite the guilt, the betrayal, and the abandoned bond.
They stand there, embers in a fireplace, while the city dreams of burning down all around them.
For a moment, everything inside him shines so bright that it feels otherworldly. A nuclear explosion in the viscera of the universe.
And something new only just started.
He thinks about sex. With Tony.
He feels himself gasp, and he opens his eyes.
“I chose a song for each part of my life, for each person that was part of it.”
“Steve. Steve! Hey, hey, Steve! Are you—”
“I’ll go running. No problem. After breakfast, alright?”
“Shut up or I’ll make you sleep outside.”
“That’s not what this is about. At all. You know this.”
There’s only the weight on his ribcage.
“Goodnight,” Steve had answered, a little breathless, feeling himself blush.
“Soon?”
A herald starts reading the sentence.
—it was... Tony, it was important for me too, I... it meant, to me, it was...” Steve stammers, happiness makes him trip on his words.
“She’d tell me about you before Project Rebirth. How clever you were, how much you read. What you did with that dummy grenade, how ready you were to sacrifice yourself. You were... you were brave long before you were Captain America, Steve. She made me admire that in you.”
Steve slams into him hard but faster, finally, thankfully, and Tony’s insides sing with it, and he wants to scream, he wants to cry, he wants to come. The rush it gives him, the pleasure, the fact that it’s Steve, the love he feels for him, good even if unrequited. Electricity crackles within him, below his navel, through his spine, the countdown on a bomb.
“You sure?”
“But I—”
“Yeah. Wanda... made me see you die. All the other Avengers too, but you... you said something.”
It’s still sealed.
, ‘cause you’re the judge of that, but… I just left you there. I left you there.”
“I don’t anymore. That’s it, I’m done with you.”
I try to rip off the leather bindings at my wrists and I can’t.
But for now, it can wait.
Steve knows it’s hot, he can smell it in the air, but he doesn’t feel it. His hoodie isn’t enough. He doesn’t know why he feels like this.
“Steve, can I ask you something?”
Thanos. Thanos is walking towards him. There’s no time, no time to think. No time to mourn. No time to hope.
“Thank you,” Tony says, and there’s more to it than that, but he can’t say it.
“She shouldn’t have done this. Hide it from me. She should’ve told me.”
He notices his thrusts becoming erratic, the rhythm faltering, his thighs shake. He feels something rip behind his navel, something flare up in the small of his back and he comes, deep inside Tony, biting the bruise on his shoulder, digging into his back with his nails, smiling when he hears Tony mutter, “Holy shit, yeah,” to himself.
“Okay. Tell me exactly what’s happening.”
“I always do, sir.”
Tony looks at him, shakes his head. “Shut up.”
“Yeah. ‘Course.”
Steve places a hand over his stomach.
“What brings you here?” Tony wants to know after a while.
Steve tries to catch up with the events. “Oh. We, we can, we could... we could look around for another place, I guess, but it’s already... If you want to eat something somewhere, I don’t know, if... We could... If it’s alright with you... I can sleep on the fl—”
“This is so… evocative.”
Sure, he could get help. A nanny, or something. But he doesn’t want help. He wants to spend every waking minute with his baby because he has a baby now. He’s a father, and that’s his baby.
“You still haven’t seen today’s drawing,” Steve says.
He tries to tell himself that until they reach a full week of this with no changes there’s no reason to panic, but—
“We cleaned up right away, though, remember?”
something like that, he knows what that’s like. It may not be romantic but that doesn’t change the facts. Right?
“What?”
The pain is unbearable. Worse than having a piece of metal shoved into your chest; worse than the serum changing you from the inside out.
“Wanna hear you. How is it?”
Steve comes out of the chapel a few minutes later, hands tucked in the pockets of the jeans he changed into before leaving home.
s if he has any right to think something like that.
Steve rests his hand on top of one of Tony’s, and that shuts him right up. It hurts to move for Steve, and he clenches his teeth to handle the pain, but in the end it’s worth it if he gets to feel Tony’s warmth through the bandages. A fingertip actually touches skin. And Tony doesn’t flinch away.
The next day, Tony finds a beautiful notebook on his desk in the lab. It has a bright red leather cover and wonderfully thick pages, creamy-colored, blank.
“Steve, don’t… shit, don’t knot me here.”
“But someone touched you.” He can smell it on Tony’s skin.
Steve is really tall. And large. His arms are… huge.
“You wish,” Steve replies in a playful tone, getting up to take his sketchbook.
One of them turns me over and forces himself inside me, the others waiting around, more or less patiently. Suddenly, a hot liquid hits my back and the guy fucking me protests, disgusted. He says that
“Deal. Tie’s yours.”
“And then? How did he get out of there? You were next to me, you couldn’t have helped him.”
“You know what I really, really want right now?”
“Don’t telegraph your shots… Lose that tell in your neck…”
Oh, God, why is he saying these—
He takes her out for a walk one day. It’s almost summer after all.
“Come here. Please?”
“To see what you do.”
Tony thinks that Steve doesn’t have anything to be sorry about. He just tried to pay him a compliment, that’s all. To be honest, it felt nice to be looked at with appreciation. That’s why he says, “Thanks.”
“Rhodey texted me.”
“That’s—” Tony says, but doesn’t finish, can’t, really, because Steve moves his hand again, aligning his fingers with the bruise already on Tony’s hip, and he presses down on it, hard. “Fuck—” Tony shouts around a moan, breath short and ragged, lost in this heady mixture of pleasure and pain—the one soothing the sting of the other, the other making the one all the sweeter.
“It’s not your fault. You know, she used to... she used to tell me stories about you. The time Dad flew you two to that HYDRA base to save Barnes. And then the Commandos… so many stories. She always had one. She always called you
The relief Steve’s touch brings him is instantaneous. Like sitting in front of a fire after a walk in the snow—warmth seeps into Tony, and his sense of safety knits itself back together every time he draws in a breath and smells blue roses, with every beat of Steve’s heart that he can hear so clearly now that his ear is pressed to Steve’s chest.
Stella leads them upstairs.
He feels every single beat of his heart. It makes him so uncomfortable, being so aware of the blood rushing through his veins, the way it pulses in his neck, in his head.
“You don’t have to, Tony. If you don’t want to, we’ll find another way, even though…”
“Alright.”
Tony nods, and curls up on the bed, drawing his knees to his chest. Steve’s hand is resting on the mattress, his palm facing up. Tony reaches out slowly, and brushes his fingertips over Steve’s, just enough to feel the heat of his body, just to feel him close, like when—
He picks up the lube and squeezes some into the silicone Omega channel. His hands are shaking, his vision is blurry, and sitting up takes an unspeakable effort. But the moment he fucks into the toy, he lets out a groan of relief. It’s finally what he needs. This tight pressure around his dick finally feels right, in a way his hand could never do. It’s still fake, and Tony’s body isn’t attached to the thing, and it’s not even comparable at all to how it would feel to sink into Tony’s heat, the heady fragrance of his slick flooding Steve’s nostrils and mouth and brain.
Tony picks up his shirt.
But he gets a word here and there. He hasn’t forgotten everything from his time in Italy, during the war.
The wind howls outside; the incessant patter of the rain drowns away all other sounds around them. Tony stares outside, holding himself up with a shoulder against the recess in the wall where the French window is slotted in.
Steve had no idea Tony could speak Italian. No, wait. It was in Tony’s file. Right. His mother must have taught him. He knows it quite well, if the fluent conversation he’s having with the owner of the bed and breakfast is anything to go by.
He can’t stop crying and talking is so hard. Thinking is so hard.
Tony wants to vomit, hearing himself speak.
Tony tries to take a step back, but the kitchen blocks him.
“He wants to. Rhodey. He needs time, but he wants to. Forgive.”
“Alright,” Steve says. “Movie’s almost over. I’ll be there in a bit.”
“You know... after you flew the nuke into the portal, and the Hulk woke you up... I think that was when I realized how awful it would’ve been if you were dead. That I didn’t want that. That I cared about you.”
Naked, his clothes neatly folded and placed on a rock, Steve walks to the shore, and Tony takes his hand again, guiding him into the river.
“Ever.”
Tony nods. “He’ll be back soon.”
The memory makes Tony think of Rhodey for a moment, of the physical sensations he associates with him. If he closes his eyes, he can almost feel Rhodey’s familiar scent of almonds, like the bodywash he’s been using since before they met, at MIT, a billion years ago. He can feel Rhodey’s solidity, the consistency of his presence in Tony’s life. His unwavering love. His loyalty to Tony, his independence.
Images flash across his mind, and not for the first time (nor, he believes, for the last) Steve wishes he could forget something he’s seen.
“It’s the way I am. Take it or leave it.”
“Oh, baby, don’t cry. It’s fine. We’re back now and we’re fine.”
But I’d rather have
“You can.”
“Sleep,” Steve says, caressing his hair.
If only they had got together sooner. Not even right after they met, but at least a few years ago. If Tony had seen the signs before. If Steve had done something, said something,
He sways to the side, and nudges Steve’s shoulder, playful.
She’s lying. They both know it.
The sunshine catches in Steve’s hair. Tony smooths it back with his fingers, as delicately as possible, so he doesn’t wake Steve up.
“You can say that, yeah,” Steve says, very slowly.
“And then, after everything went down, I felt so stupid. I felt dirty, because I still wanted you, I still, you know, underneath it all, I knew I still loved you, and I wanted to stop loving you, I wanted it so much, more than anything. I wanted to be free of your spell. Of you.
Tony looks down at him, lovingly, his eyes flutter closed because the pleasure of having Steve inside him is too much. Tony drags a hand up from his stomach to his chest, caresses his own skin in such a sensual way that just watching him rips a groan out of Steve’s chest.
When Tony realizes who is in the kitchen, Steve can tell he wants to run away, but then he puts a chagrined smile on his face and soldiers through it. No one can say Tony Stark is anything but brave, or that he ever backs down from a challenge. They make small talk for a minute, exchange a few updates regarding the team. Tony makes himself a smoothie; Steve looks at him, his dirty shirt, his greasy hair, the blurred shape of his goatee, the streaks of motor oil covering his arms. Tony clearly only washed his hands with the dish soap he keeps in the workshop bathroom before coming up to the kitchen.
“Yeah.”
“Don’t move your face, you’ll reopen—”
Steve enters the room a minute later, because he can’t even give Tony some fucking peace to lick his own wounds with some dignity.
“It’s your heart that…?”
Tony steadies the bag and lets his forehead touch the leather for a moment. He feels sweaty and tired, clumsy in his gloves, and he really should have worn something that was closer to the definition of sweatpants than that of pajama bottoms. He looks down at his naked feet, at his chest, at the space where the light of the arc reactor used to shine through all his t-shirts.
“And I need you to check up on Stella. Regularly. Take my plane, anything. Come visit her often, Steve; don’t leave her alone.”
Something grows again between them. Tony recognizes it. They settle back into the well-oiled mechanisms of their friendship; they spend more time together outside of team business and Steve relaxes in his presence, lets go, somehow, of his shame.
“Mr. Stark?”
“Here it is.”
“Yes, of course.”
God. Steve is an insensitive, arrogant asshole. Imposing on Tony like this, forcing his own presence on Tony while he’s trying to process his grief. After what he kept from him, Steve is here, robbing him again of peace and quiet. Preventing him from doing his healing on his own terms.
What was he even thinking? God, what the fuck was he thinking.
He came to retrieve his things one day while Tony wasn’t home. Like a thief.
The vomit is just the icing on the cake, really.
“Yeah— Yeah— Steve, just— Just fill me up.”
“Tony,” Steve repeats, a pinch of urgency now laced with his voice despite his best efforts.
Steve stares at him. “I’m here,” he says, breathless.
“She doesn’t hold it against you. And she said some stuff too, right?”
“Don’t say that, I… meeting you has meant so much to me. And with all that’s going on, the things we’ll have to face… The, the aliens—”
, he doesn’t say,
, and his legs jerk with all the things he’s feeling; he can’t control them. Steve keeps them still with his own, growls his in his ear to coerce him into submission, and pounds into him again and again.
Steve’s scent, everywhere.
is a list of all the places Steve and Tony visit during their stay in Italy. If anything isn't clear or you need any kind of explanation, don't hesitate to ask (even on tumblr or twitter!).
Tony flops on the bed as soon as they enter the room, while Steve gets to work and listens to him breathe. He packs Tony’s stuff too; it’s just a couple of things. Tony didn’t even sleep here last night. Steve was alone with his bad dreams.
“You. You love me. As in. We are friends. Right?”
It was amazing, though. Tony’s unconscious body completely entrusted to him. It made Steve feel— powerful, in a good way. He felt like Tony was
Tony smiles. What an incredibly old-fashioned thing to say.
All I can think about is cutting logs with him at the farm.
“Thank you,” Tony says, but he knows there’s more.
“You know he can hear us,” Tony says, meaning Steve.
Tony pulls out slowly.
He doesn’t know exactly why, though. There was always something wistful and lonely in Tony’s eyes, especially before they bonded, but even after. Every time Tony would say,
These are not men. These are beasts.
“Oh, Tony,” he says, and it’s torn off of him with a violence of which Tony can’t see the origin, or understand the reason.
“I really,
“I know—” Tony gurgles on his next words. He closes his eyes for a long terrifying moment and then opens them again. He’s trying to focus past the pain. “I… forgive… forgive… you—”
Steve pulls his fingers out, dragging a whine out of Tony. Steve wipes his hand on his t-shirt, then uncaps the bottle of lube to slick himself up.
). This is the only case where I play a little with reality regarding a place Steve and Tony go visit. There is an agriturismo close to the bridge, but it's closer than what implied in the fic, and there are less woods and rocks on the riverbanks, but i had to give those two idiots some privacy. Also, the river isn't warm, but I needed Steve to get into the damn water in some way, didn't I? :D
“The peaches should be ripe.”
Yeah, it’s more than rare. Like they explained to Sarah, people always have a doctor break the bond, so they don’t suffer and their children don’t suffer, too. That way the separation is safe. But Steve and Tony didn’t do that. They kept the bond and simply ignored it. And they all paid the price, Sarah included.
The helmet retreats from Tony’s face, and that somehow makes Steve more aware that Tony can see him, that he can see the state he’s in. He’s ashamed. He’s angry. He’s in pain. He thrashes about with his arms.
“Well, I’m pissed now. Majorly so,” Tony says with a gesture of annoyance that rattles his chains.
Tony enters the library of Avengers Mountain one night to find Steve there. Tony’s presence makes him ill at ease—he puts down his book and stands up, then realizes that there was no purpose for that, so he remains there, awkward in his embarrassment.
“Any preferences?”
But here, now. The song.
The kiss is very slow at first, tentative, uncertain in a way they have never been when doing far less innocent things. Steve presses his lips to Tony’s, Tony’s scent fills his senses, makes him dizzy with desire, with happiness.
The body falls on top of Tony, and he pushes it away. He kneels on the floor, heavy and ungraceful, his lungs burning in his chest.
, he just wants the pain to end—
Steve is... he’s
Steve smiles too, but his voice comes out in a little more than a whisper. “It’s always been you, Tony. At the center of it all. There’s always been you.”
“Yes. That night. Remember when we were on the couch, and you were… you were, uh, on top of me. And you kissed me.” The way Steve asks this makes Tony pause—like Steve really thinks Tony could ever forget even a single gesture, a single word, from that night. Like he really has no idea that those moments are seared in Tony’s mind forever.
“Yes, but not this one. Obviously.”
, and there’s no possible excuse for not doing it.
Sam snorts. “Damn, it really does.”
Steve sobs, stops holding back his tears.
Tony looks at him sharply, as if that hadn’t occurred to him yet. Maybe it hadn’t.
Tony instructs Steve on what to do every time Steve looks unsure. He rinses the cloth multiple times, then gets it soapy again, scrubs it over Tony’s skin, across his back, under his armpits, over his chest (attentive and slow, searching Tony’s face for any sign of discomfort), on his thighs and legs, takes particular care of each foot.
Steve stares at him, and for an absurd moment he thinks,
All his courage, praised and vaunted all around the world, for this: his legs trembling under his own weight, and the tree suddenly seems like something he’ll be hanged on, because he’s been tried and judged, and he’s been sentenced to death.
Tony did notice, didn’t he? But…
They walk through the woods slowly; Stella is careful not to slip in a puddle. She’s doing good, Tony thinks, observing her. She looks healthy, but still lonely. She’ll have to put up with the two of them for a few days, though, and for sure their visit will do her good. Tony has lots of things to tell her about space.
“Tony.”
Tony is interrupted by Steve’s tongue plunging into his mouth, by Steve’s body pressing him into the padded floor. Steve trembles just before he fucks into Tony so hard that it plays with painful, and when he’s able to speak again Tony moans, loud, “Yeah. Yeah, just like that,” because Steve’s pace is still slow but that’s okay now, it’s okay when it takes entire seconds for Tony to recover from each thrust. Steve sits up and kneels, taking Tony’s hips and lifting them onto his lap to change the angle.
“Oh, yeah? And who’s gonna stop them? You? Like this?”
Maybe they can heal, as Doctor Ndaba suggested. With enough time to talk things out, to explain, with the peace of mind to understand. To forgive.
Steve plunges back into him all in one go, and Tony is suddenly filled up with just
“It means
“We don’t have time for this,” Tony says while they fall to the floor in a heap of limbs and disturbingly annoying clothes.
, Tony replies without words.
“We didn’t seem
“A laser.”
. He couldn’t feel it quite like this with his fingers. It makes Steve feel safe, like nothing bad can happen as long as him and Tony are like this.
But it leads nowhere, thinking about this.
When Tony’s right in front of him, Steve can’t resist the urge to touch him. He places his hands on Tony’s hips and leans forward, a smile still dancing on his lips. He closes his eyes and breathes Tony in, his skin as familiar as Steve’s own.
“No, we were too busy hugging to talk,” he says, and Tony huffs out a laugh while blood trickles out of his lips, which is—
“Nothing. It’s cute, actually.”
“That was a nice display of non-toxic masculinity,” she jokes when Steve and Tony near the house.
“You’re in D.C.?”
“—for longer than we were separated. ‘M happy. About that.”
“Hi,” he says. “Sorry about… that,” he adds, pointing at the elevator doors.
He’s here. He’s here. The room changes with his presence.
Looking back on it, Tony tries to understand how he could have been possibly fooled.
He gets up, searches in his bag for a minute. He goes to the kitchen as quietly as possible, fills a glass with water from the tap and drinks some. He opens the fridge, more for something to do than any real intention of eating anything without Tony’s permission, and sees that it’s full. Tony must have sent someone from the Relais to get groceries before they arrived.
It takes Steve a few seconds to realize that is Tony speaking.
He knows he can’t have Tony; there’s no need to remind him. Tony doesn’t want him like that. They mended the bond only last night. If they had had more time, maybe Tony would have been willing to at least… But no. It’s too soon. He won’t ask Tony to do something like that.
