There was notification that Cas had uploaded a new video, but Dean made himself wait until morning to watch it.
In this case, he didn’t really feel that it was necessary. There was no mystery here. They knew what Dean
, but for a guy who is so good at playing a part out there” she tilted her head in the general direction he expected the outside world to be in “in here, when he’s not playing a part, it’s really not so hard sometimes to see right through him.”
‘’One question before we go,” he added. Because he hadn’t realized it before but maybe they had come in here so Castiel could ask.
“I thought this was sort of about your fall, at first. But I’m not so sure now. What do you see here? Is it the fall or-” not knowing how to finish the question, he gestured vaguely towards the bunker and everything in it.
Cas rolled to face Dean, settling his head onto Dean’s shoulder as his hand casually found a spot somewhere in the neighborhood of his ribs. Dean’s arm closed reflexively around him, holding him closer to his side. That was comforting, but Castiel’s fingers still roamed nervously for a moment.
He sighed. He wet the toothbrush, and movement in his peripheral drew his eyes back to the mirror. Cas was standing right outside the door. How long? What had he heard?
“Except Lisa. And a whole lot of water under the bridge. And whatever you guys fought about before he left.”
“We could disassemble it. It would probably fit in the closet in the hallway closet. Just need to take off a few pins.”
“He’s been in love before, he’s tried to have relationships, but it always ends the same way. Alone. He knows how this will end up.”
He zoomed out the map on his phone, interested in what the app would mark as significant points on the map. Grocery stores. Hospital. He hoped those weren’t going to be targets. This sort of attack was often intended to create recruits, and hitting a hospital wasn’t likely to be a popular move, he’d hope. Train station. City Hall. Police station. Convention center.
Torn between the need to run to Dean, and the fear driving him to run to his mother and somehow stop her from retaliating, his legs resolved the conflict by simply refusing to move.
That was all he'd said. For some reason, it resonated with a lot of people. The video got more than 1,000 shares, tens of thousands of views, hundreds of new subscribers, and 46 more people signed up to be patrons. Everything snowballed from there. By the time he was standing at the edge of the Grand Canyon, they had started to call him “the angel”. Apparently, the world found his solitude soothing. Truth be told, he was enjoying his own company more than he’d ever enjoyed the company of (most) others. He bought a proper suitcase, and more clothes. A coat, as Fall was approaching and it was starting to get chilly out. He hadn’t brought a coat, fully expecting that he’d be back home within a few days of leaving. He’d bought a sleeping bag, and a small tent.
So, what cases had they both been involved in? What had they worked on together? Cas asked Charlie to pull the files. Discreetly. Under the guise of looking for who might have had motive to set them up.
Now, this was the part where Castiel once would have given Dean the benefit of the doubt. Told himself Dean was just curious, maybe. That angels were really not that familiar in general and now that he had an angel in his mismatched family he wanted to learn more about the species. Before he’d walked out of the bunker, he would have said something about how when angels weren’t in a vessel, their bodies were pretty fluid and it was hard to make parallels between angel and human anatomy. He would have said that angels did not in themselves have gender, nor did they reproduce sexually, and thus sexual organs were not really necessary or meaningful for them in any way.
He kinda liked the sound of that. Working with Cas had been easier and certainly safer than just bluffing his way through dangerous situations, good as he was at it. He could do that for a living. Maybe start slow, so he could still work on his cars. Then in time, if he likes how it’s going, he could go full time and maybe just buy a junker to restore at home on weekends. That was always the best part of the job.
did, but I never took you for a homophobe. I held your soul in my arms, and I thought it was the most beautiful thing I’d ever seen through millennia of gazing in awe at the wonders of nature. I didn’t see this. This is new, and frankly, it’s not attractive.”
And now Sam and Castiel were exchanging a significant look, and Sam was trying not hold back a bitchface, Dean could tell. It was starting to piss him off, this nonsense. Were they ganging up on him now?
Anyway, he’d started playing the guitar again, and going out again, and one thing led to another. He’d ran into Garth at the Roadhouse one Friday night, and one too many beers in they decided it would be fun to try to get the band going again. Of course, they couldn’t get – they’d need a new guy to play bass guitar. Actually, they’d need a new drummer too, and someone for keyboard and backup vocals. Really, it was just Dean and Garth still in town from the old band, but after a few beers, the math was a little fuzzy.
Careful to avoid the bandaged arm, Castiel removed the blanket, and the monitors Dean was attached to. He grabbed the IV drip from the hook and set it on Dean’s chest. A nurse started fussing around him, trying to undo what he’d just done.
Dean’s smile lost some of its shine, then, and he reached out to lift Castiel’s eyes to his own and held them there.
“FIRE!” he yelled again. And this time people started scrambling from their seats, rushing to the exits. Someone knocked into the man in the coat from the left, then someone else, and in a heartbeat the man got swallowed up in the rush, shoved around this way and that by the dozens of bodies making their way out, Dean among them. They flooded the hallways, the cries of fire now being repeated by multiple panicked people up and down the hallway. He wasn’t listening for those, though. He ducked into the nook of another theater’s doorway, not wanting to be carried all the way out yet. He scanned the crowd as it pushed by. Everyone seemed to be fine. Nobody was down or in danger of being trampled. They were fine. Panicked, and soon to be pissed, when they figured out there was no fire. But fine. When the crowd started to thin out, he followed with them.
He saw his opportunity to start moving things along when they veered into nonsense about the Chinese restaurant in the food court. He’d noticed they had become pretty rabidly hostile against Asians recently, and so when they started to spout off about the restaurant and its customers, he’d spotted his chance.
This has been sort of hovering, so here it is, in honor of Pride month, and Freddie. I miss you, man. Happy Pride, wherever you are.
They’d walked out of the Impala outside Dean’s door and walked awkwardly slow up to it as if they couldn’t quite bear to call it a night. But eventually they arrived at the door, which Dean unlocked before turning around to face Cas.
He lightly slapped Castiel’s shoulder, and Cas retaliated, pulling him closer and leaning over him until they were almost horizontal on the couch.
Looking for something that could be remotely familiar, he clicked into that list and browsed through. Zion. Denali. Katmai. Death Valley. Yosemite. Rocky Mountain. Everglades. Grand Canyon. Yes, Cas had said something about this one, hadn’t he? He pushed to play and relaxed into his seat to wait out the ad.
The other hand made its way to the back of Castiel’s neck and up to bury itself in his hair. And now Dean finally closed the distance, lips barely brushing against Cas.
“I’ve got a place just off campus, if you ever want to just crash there. You know, finals week or something. It’s only a studio, but It will have a nice big pull-out sofa you’re welcome to surf.”
“Well, with the world not ending any time soon, everyone being safe, and getting laid regularly, you’re doing much better.”
The text alert drew his attention. Dean was here. He looked up from his phone, eyes scanning the parking lot for the Impala. When he didn’t see it, he turned around to look behind where he had been leaning against his service vehicle. Out of habit, he rested his arms on the roof of the car. Which was fortunate, because when he dropped his phone, it didn’t have far to go.
Was he babbling? He was babbling. Castiel Novak did not babble. It was just that Dean was looking at him with a little smile like he knew something that Castiel didn’t and well, it was making him nervous. Dean’s smile went wider, suddenly, and Castiel found that he could finally turn and slide into the car.
He had ruled out the lightest blue shirts and put them away in his closet again. Those were usually the ones he wore to work, he found himself musing. Grabbing the last two shirts by their hangers, he held them up against the pants and then turned to the mirror.
“I gave it some thought and it occurs to me that it’s simpler than we have been fearing. Neither one of us really knows how this is supposed to work, and we’ve been worried about it, trying to figure it out, and feeling like abject failures because we don’t really understand what’s expected of us. And I venture to add that the parts we do understand are often in conflict with what we want out of life.”
“There is nowhere in this world where LGBT people can be themselves without fear of being disowned or beaten to death or dragged off to be tortured in conversion therapy. In some places, it’s still a criminal offense, punishable by death. And yet, Dean, right now, as we speak, thousands of kids are telling their parents who they are, even as they watch the love drain from their eyes. Right now, young men, barely old enough to drink, are baring their souls knowing that they’re risking more than their heart and their pride if the other guy doesn’t share their feelings. He could turn around, go to the police, and they could be hanging in a public square tomorrow, Dean. They've seen it happen to other men. Maybe men they knew. And yet they reach for love, because it’s worth the risk. That’s strength, Dean. Meanwhile, Mr. No Chick Flick Moments, you can’t say I love you to your own brother without the word bitch somewhere in the sentence. What are you afraid of? That he’ll believe you?”
“Hey, man. You need to transfer to another bus. This one is not safe to drive,” he’d told the driver.
Dean chuckled, nipping at Castiel’s lip before pulling him closer and sliding his own leg around his hip. Cas moaned and shifted his position on top of Dean, making their bodies rub in all the right places.
An indistinct noise that could be outrage came from Vader and he advanced on the girl, sending her scrambling into the crowd to avoid getting run over. He didn’t go far, however, as the crowd had tightened the circle around him, now less than amused. Cas scrambled to get to him, where he’d stopped cold, pinning him down while he was still surprised and trying to determine his next move. The cuffs Dean had helped him conceal in this ridiculous costume locked into place in another moment, and a general rumble went through the crowd until Charlie flashed a badge.
“Did you get what you needed?” he’d asked, standing up with an ease and grace that made Castiel’s thoughts veer to entirely inappropriate thoughts about the strength of his – nevermind.
He was off to college now. The nerd had managed to finish high school and get in a year early. Which Dean was immeasurably proud of, even if it meant he had one less year of savings to hand off. With Sam off at Stanford on a scholarship, Dean had more time on his hands. He cut back on the hours he put into his side gig, moved to a smaller place and started playing the guitar again.
Dean actually chuckled at that. If you could call something as full of frustration and bitterness a chuckle.
He liked the little apartment he had over someone’s garage. It was quiet, and safe, but it left him too much time to count the days and wonder if he was waiting in vain. It had been furnished when he moved in, but he’d bought some personal items to make it feel more like home. Never more than he could pack in a matter of minutes and easily carry, or course. Enough to leave his mark on the place, as it were.
“And yet when Mr. Holt calls to tell us what the voices are saying we don’t rush right over, do we?”
“There’s no way. I’m sorry, but I’ve been watching Dr. Sexy a lot longer than you, Cas and there’s no way that’s possible.”
It was mid afternoon the next day when they went back to the tape. Sam and Eileen were looking through the news and finding nothing. There were no calls to answer or return. Just the sort of quiet day at the bunker that was becoming the norm now that Chuck was no longer a problem.
Castiel’s body relaxed with a sigh and slumped into him again. Slowly, Dean slid his hands up Castiel’s back, around his neck, and drew his nose right into his own neck.
Dean had rolled up, parked in the nearest available spot, and was now sliding out of his car. And sure, he looked nice. He was about to go knocking on strangers doors, of course he didn’t want to be messy and covered in engine grease. Did he look nice? He probably should have done something with his hair. By this time of day it usually looks like he might have been in some kind of accident, but the only thing that will keep his hair under control all day is hair gel, and well, he didn’t want anyone to think Castiel thought this was a date.
He gave the captain a moment to read a few, then cut in again. Too much reading was not likely to favor his case.
He did a lot of things with the rest of his afternoon. Then he landed on Dean’s doorstep with pizza and did a lot of things with his evening. Most of them considerably more fun than the afternoon’s activities. What he did not do, however, was talk about his meeting with the captain. That was a conversation they would need to have, but it could wait. He stretched out on Dean’s sofa. They watched Episode VI, laughed about his costume and made plans and made plans for Comic Con.
They chatted for a while, mostly about Dean and what an absolute jerk he was. Eventually, Cas wanted to know why he’d only nursed one beer in all the time they’d been talking.
Momentarily, he wondered if maybe this was the real reason Cas didn’t want anyone to know they knew each other. Maybe he had something going with the nurse and didn’t want her to know he was mated. Not that it should even count. Then he remembered where that kind of thinking had led him before. Cas had said he’d explain. He would explain. And Dean would believe him.
They went back down to the basement steps. At the bottom was a utility space and what appeared to be a classic man cave, complete with a pool table. The bathroom was more modest down there, but still had a shower.
“You remember how I told you that I knew that kid wasn’t your daughter because she wasn’t looking at you the way a kid looks at a dad they’re scared of?”
“I’m going to check out these service areas,” Cas pointed them out on the map. “We should figure out where and when the major events are. Celebrity appearances, popular sessions, performances –“
This wasn’t going well. He sucked at this. Sure, he hadn’t mentioned pie, but now he was making this about Dr. Sexy and he still wasn’t saying what he needed to say. About himself. His shoulders slumped in frustration, and he looked at Cas the way you look at a man you’ve fought alongside for a decade.
“It’s odd, standing here, where all those people died. 400 years. That’s the difference between life and death. 400 years ago, they would have killed me too.”
“You were so good with him, Dean. You heard him out. Nudged gently here and there, but you didn’t make his choices for him. You told him they were his choices to make. You did it for Sam too. Saving people and killing things, that’s your job. Helping people be the best version of themselves, that’s what you do. You didn’t tell them who they were, you helped them figure it out. Watched out for them while they worked it out. It got me thinking. That maybe you could do the same for me.”
Dean schooled his expression into something more neutral before he replied. "That sounds fine.  Just stay on your side of the bed!" He laughed, trying to brush off the tension of the situation. Cas's expression fell a little.
"To make it easier, you could simply hold my hand. It's skin to skin, and it gives you more freedom to fight with," Cas stated, tilting his head towards the hunter slightly. He was making what he knew was a good point, but he doubted Dean would accept nevertheless. He hoped Dean would.
"I don't mind it at all." Cas replied, shaking his head at the very notion that he disliked when Dean touched him.
Dean simple swatted Castiel's hand away. He picked up the book and tossed it carelessly onto the ever growing pile in the unused chair. "It's gonna be a little harder since we're attached at the freakin' hip, Cas."
"I love you, Dean. I'm in love with you. I want you to know before you die. I'm sorry I can't take away the spell, I'm sorry I can't save you," Cas said before breaking down into sobs again.
Dean came out of the bathroom hesitantly and placed his old set of clothes on top of his bag. He shuffled around in his worn out Led Zepplin shirt and sweatpants before sitting on the side of the bed. Cas grabbed his hand as soon as Dean was in reach. When he pressed their hands together and interlocked their fingers, his expression became far less strained.
Warmth flowed through Dean with Cas's grace, mending his stomach enough that he wasn't about to die from the pain. Enough that he was able to press his lips more firmly against Cas's. When Dean kissed him back properly, Cas pulled away, crying happy tears that Dean was okay, if at least for now.
hey! sorry if this is disappointing but I'm discontinuing this fic because I am no longer that interested in spn and am not motivated to finish
Cas lay down facing away from Dean, Dean's hand still firmly wrapped around his upper arm. As Dean lay down, he decided that Cas would probably be more comfortable if he wasn't basically hugging Cas. He had to reach over from a distance to hold Cas's arm, and it was a little uncomfortable.
"Come on, just do it. What are you stopping yourself from doing? Yelling at one of us? Do you not want to be touched and just can't say it? I think Cas can handle it if you tell him to back off." At Sam's words, Cas shuffled away a little, wary that that would be what Dean asked him to do. But that action just made Dean let out a horrible, twisted whine. Cas shuffled a little closer again.
Once his guts no longer felt like they were being ripped out, Dean pulled away. "Sorry if that made you uncomfortable Cas, but I'm okay now."
"... Oh, well, thank you anyway Cas." Sam said in reply to Cas's snarky remark. "Okay, great! now all we need is her blood to complete the spell. We have the bronze bowl and we're all stocked up on matches, right? Dean?"
"Well, let's get started on breaking this curse so that we can kill that bitch of a witch." Dean gave Cas's hand a light squeeze and smiled carefully at him.
Sam looked over at Cas, who was still standing by the table covered in herbs looking kind of sad. Sam decided to change the subject.
Dean lugged Cas up to the motel room door, fumbled for the key, and then unceremoniously shoved it into the lock. The door swung open, and Dean and Cas hobbled over to Cas's bed and Dean gently lowered him down into a sitting position. He sat down heavily on the bed next to Cas's and leaned forward. Cas huffed and fell backwards so his top half was laying on the bed and his feet were steady on the floor. He pressed his hands over his eyes, digging into his sockets to try and get rid of the head-pierced-by-a-railroad-spike feeling.
"... Oh," Dean said, reaching out to Cas and placing a hand on his knee. Now that he knew what made Cas okay again, it was a simple fix, "Okay. Well, if I just need to touch you, I guess I'll just keep my hand glued to your shoulder or arm or something, until we can find and gank that damn witch. It'll be a little harder to fight, but it won't be too much of a problem."
“How did you know she needed help? Had I been her father, you could be looking at attempted kidnapping charges. At least a lot of uncomfortable questions. How did you know?”
There would be people from everywhere in the state at least, and probably tourists. Weekend long event, lots of enthusiastic fans. People would come to the event and stay in the same place all day. Lots of lines, sessions, shows, games, stores. They wouldn’t just congregate in the large building but in various groups throughout the building. Some would be wearing costumes. Costumes that often included weapons. Handy, if you were trying to sneak in a real gun or 5. Some that were just oddly shaped. You could hide anything in them.
And then he felt Castiel’s arms close him in, his body pressing Dean against the wall, and Castiel’s lips, gentle despite his body language, kissing him senseless.
“They might not let you go back to Eden after the way you left. I’m afraid I made a bit of a scene. I could try, but…”
“It also has the best view. So, some survival advice for you guys. Find your rock, and cling to it.”
In the moment of uncertainty, Dean moved. Before Cas knew what was happening, they were on the floor, each trying to pin the other down on the mat. Dean gained the upper hand, straddled Cas and held onto his shoulders.
Castiel pulled out of the parking lot, made himself pay attention to the traffic until they were settled into their lane, and then briefed Dean on what they knew of the case so far. Admittedly, it wasn’t a lot, yet. But it was enough to get them where they were going and it kept him focused.
His eyes found Castiel, lying awkwardly on the bed, as if he couldn’t get comfortable, his eyes not quite closed.
He felt a shudder at those words. His or Castiel’s, he didn’t know. He was pulled closer, then quickly released as the door opened.
“When you couldn’t be, Dean,” Cas corrected him. “Covering for each other is what you do in a family.”
And now Cas was lecturing about sex stuff? Cas? Who had had sex like once in his entire existence? This clearly could not stand. But before he could jump in and put Cas in his place, Sam jumped in.
“Just back from jogging, and about to cook myself a nutritious breakfast. Just like every other Saturday.”
“I remember that song. It was playing when we grossed out my kid brother making out on the couch like a couple of teenagers.”
Dean had been far too busy for far too long, what with saving the world from Chuck’s plot twists, to have time for trying so many things. Better coping skills. Therapy, maybe. Dealing with his own shit so the people he loves don’t have to. Learning to use his words when it mattered. He could do it now, though. And trying was the very least he could do for Cas.
Cas asks Sam for a second opinion on his ship. Dean is mostly confused, says some pretty ignorant things but nothing too awful. Let me know in the comments if you think this needs a CW.
Suddenly Dean was furious, his hands gripping the edge of the sink, and his scent terrifying the omega, who a moment ago reeked of confused relief and was now pressed against the inside of the door, not knowing where to go and afraid to make a move and set Dean off. Dean turned around, too busy working to contain his anger to work out where it was coming from just yet. He made himself move slowly, turn to face the omega. She looked young. Too young, She couldn’t have presented very long ago.
“You didn’t get the luxury of time to figure it out, like I did. When you weren’t taking care of me, or hustling pool, or saving people and killing things, you were learning how to make fake IDs or making up stories to explain away the monsters. You’ve been playing a part or another almost nonstop since mom died the first time. Sometimes it seems like you don’t know who you are under all that. And maybe it’s time you found out. Take the time to really figure out what kind of man you are, and what kind of man you want to be.”
“She’ll be here during the days, to help in your recovery, or in case you relapse, but otherwise - ”
That air of loneliness that he had been fighting from the beginning suddenly won, and he turned away. That was it, that was the video. He couldn’t believe it was only about 10 minutes long. It seemed like he’d been watching for days.
Cas broke the kiss, dealt with the towel, and led the way back into Dean’s bedroom, and into Dean’s bed. He seemed determined to keep it soft and sweet, all gentle hands under the covers and petal soft kisses. Dean wanted to chuckle, make some wisecrack about hesitant teenagers making out for the first time, but none of it feel uncertain or juvenile. It felt tender. Vulnerable. Life-changing. Almost terrifying, in its own way. Each touch seemed calculated to reassure and soothe even as it stoked the fear. He knew in his bones there was no turning back from this.
“Cas, I get that you’re frustrated, and I want to help, man, I told you before that you’re family, but-”
“I looked over at you, a question on the tip of my tongue. Something about how the Grand Canyon was surely deeper than this hollow, or the redwoods taller than those pines. But when I looked, I was struck speechless.”
Anyway, the bar was having a karaoke night. Cas seemed… unimpressed. After assuring him it was fun, Dean encouraged him to browse the list of titles. A few beers later, and a lot of pointing out how much fun everyone was having, he noticed a Zep song on the catalogue and had stepped up himself to sing. It was “Ramble On”, but that was sort of irrelevant at the moment.
It was the next line that rocked him. He had been so busy trying to understand Castiel’s fall from grace, he hadn’t considered yet this might not be about Chuck or grace at all.
“Right, cause he totally didn’t just grab it to cover up the fact he had no reason to get that close,” Sam pointed out. “Come on, Dean, we’re hunters. We do that kind of thing all the time.”
He had been holding one of the shirts up for far too long now, and he tilted his head in puzzlement at his own lack of focus. He switched shirts twice, put the rejected shirt back in his closet, and slipped into his final choice. The one he’d been told really made his eyes pop. Not that he’d chosen it for that reason, of course. This wasn’t a date after all.
He handed Cas a small box, which turned out to have the CDs, and pointed to the player in the corner. Then he explained they were loading the songs in the mp3 player, so Cas could take them with him anywhere.
Dean woke up in his hospital bed, feeling hopeful in a way he hadn’t felt in months. Maybe ever. Tonight or tomorrow he’d go home with Castiel. He’d been ready to go last night, but they’d agreed that it might be better to wait until he was more independent. He still tired too easily. Another day or two of rest, easy exercise, and good food should fix that.
Dean’s body slipped into autopilot. He buried his nose in Castiel’s neck, driven by the need to scent Cas, to make sure that he still smelled like Cas, with no trace of that other omega. Carefully he searched, nuzzled at the neck, brushed his lips against the scent gland, wanting to read it with all his senses. Just Cas, it was just Cas. It should have soothed him, but it somehow felt wrong, and he rubbed against every part of Cas he could reach, needing to mark him.
Mostly Cas was just trying to keep the pain off of his face. In the seven minutes that Dean was in the bathroom the pain had filled his chest to bursting. His ribs felt like they were cracking and puncturing his lungs as he crawled underneath the sheets on the not-quite-double bed.
Cas glanced over at Dean before letting out a sigh. "Well then. If there truly is noting out there that can remove or at least lessen the effects, we should sleep."
"Dean, please, tell us, we don't want to lose you, come on, it's okay! Please!" Sam said, desperation and agony evident in his tone.
"Good." Dean nodded and got up, putting his hand on Cas's shoulder briefly before he walked to the other side of the bed and under the sheets. He put his hand back on Castiel's arm as he got comfortable.
"Oh, uh okay. That's a really cool ability, Cas! Must be hard to get swamped with so many people wanting so many things." Sam said, his eyes shifting between Dean and Cas, "...Anyway, we could use your help on this case, this goddess is turning out to be pretty hard to kill. We could use your help getting some of the ingredients. We need dragon's blood, Earth smoke, an eye of Christ and an everlasting friendship. Do you know where you could get those? Because we're stumped."
Sam, Dean and Cas stepped into the room. It was a standard lounge, obviously used for the brief spaces between working. It had a vending machine with very little left to vend and a coffee dispenser in one corner, and a semicircle of ratty couches facing a small TV. It was surrounded by a wire cage, and was blaring a college football game. There were three other people in the room; a woman of about 50 with graying hair and a soft face, a short man with a dull yellow tie and teeth to match, and a young woman with severe features reading a book in the corner. All three of them looked up, the older woman and the man smiled, but the young woman looked put off by the boys' presence.
"Dean, please, what is it? Please tell us! You can't die today, I won't let you." Cas said firmly, looking pleadingly at Dean. Dean wanted to tell him everything. He wanted to tell him that the day he met Castiel was one of the best days of his life. That he wouldn't be the man he was today without him. That he made him want to be a better person, to try harder to be good. He wanted to tell him that he loves him, that he has since they became friends. Dean wanted to tell Cas that he wants him for lazy Sunday mornings in the bunker, and for sitting around drinking shitty motel coffee, for hunting all the bad things the world has to offer, for facing their problems together. For ever. All of this welled up inside him. Dean needed to tell him.
"Cas, buddy, what's wrong? That bitch cast a spell, didn't she?" He asked earnestly. The only response he got was another strangled groan, from the folded over body in front of him. Dean reached up and cradled Cas's face in his hand. Cas leaned into the touch and unclenched his muscles a little from where they had been seizing up. He pushed his face into Dean's hand and placed his own hand over Dean's to keep it there. Dean widened his eyes in shock and attempted to move his hand out of Cas's grip. The second his hand left Cas's skin altogether, Cas flinched and screwed his eyes shut in pain.
It was around three in the morning, and Cas was beyond tired. He was having a hard enough time sleeping in the first place, and more than once he had dozen off before Dean shook his shoulder to wake him up. Around midnight, he began feeling a low-level pain in his chest even with Dean holding his hand. It was not enough to bother worrying Dean with, but enough that he was too uncomfortable to fall asleep again. Cas knew Dean was exhausted beyond measure too, but knowing Dean, he would not rest until there was some way to break this curse.
When they arrived, they all made sure they had their silver rings on, and headed into the building. They walked up to the front desk, and Sam held up his fake FBI badge and introduced himself as Agent Neal, and Cas and Dean as Agents Calburn and Haker. Dean asked the kind faced woman behind the desk where they could find the judges, and she pointed them down the hallway with the instruction to open "the third door on the right. It's labeled the 'Judge's Lounge'. If you hit the restrooms, you've gone too far!" Dean smiled and thanked her for her help, and proceeded to march off down the hall with Cas and Sam in tow. Once they reached the Judge's Lounge, Sam rapped smartly on the door, and it was answered by a man in his mid sixties wearing judge's robes.
"Because you look like a serial killer. Just- here, let me," Dean said, standing up from the bed to walk over to Cas again. He grabbed Cas's lapels and pushed the coat off his shoulders, guiding Cas's arms gently out of the sleeves. Cas seemed to just go with it, staring at Dean the while he completed the tender action. When the coat was off, Dean brushed Cas's suit jacket and straightened his tie before looking back up to Cas's face. They both blushed and Dean stepped away, realising he was closer then he needed to be yet again, but this time stepping away caused his stomach to give an awful wrench. He backed away further, almost tripping on the edge of the bed as he grabbed his Fed suit and went into the bathroom to change.
Dean rested his forehead against Cas's, looking in incredibly happy and confused at the same time. "Cas. You- You kissed me? I don't understand-"
He reminded himself of the careful distance that existed between them, and not only on the bed they currently shared. He and Dean had always been close, sharing a 'more profound bond', as he had once put it. They had saved each other from themselves more times than either of them could count. Cas had made it clear that he loved Dean, even if he didn't say it in the way he really wanted to. But Dean had never said that he loved Cas. No one ever had, so he really should have expected that.
"Woah, Dean, hey, hey, it's okay dude. We can't beat Aletheia if you're dead. Whatever you're stopping yourself from doing, just do it so we can go to the courthouse and kill this bitch. Then you can go back to stowing your crap like you always do." Sam said with a scowl.
Dean got up from his chair, stretching his right arm in the air and leaning back until his spine popped. "Are you cool with me letting go for a minute so I can take a leak an' wash up?"
"Oh, well, I'll start touching you more then." Dean's heart positively sung at the news that he would be able to touch Cas more. He wanted to respect Castiel's boundaries, so he had never encroached on his personal space too much. But now he could up the contact, he was grateful. He was naturally a pretty touchy guy; it was how he expressed affection. And he had a lot of affection for Cas.
Dean really wanted to lean into Cas's touch, but he stopped himself, and that caused the pain to double. I tore though his stomach and made him fall to his knees and against Cas, who brought a hand up to his back to steady him. "I'm fine, Cas," Dean said, voice breaking on the angel's name. "It only hurts a little." In reality, despite Dean's incredibly high pain tolerance, it hurt far more than a little.
The hard lines of pain in Cas's face softened, and his hand came up to press insistently over Dean's when Dean tried to pull it away. Cas breathed out a relieved sigh and smiled softly.
"Neal, Calburn and Haker," Sam replied, shaking her hand firmly and watching her expression for pain from the silver ring. But there was no reaction. So, not her. He turned to the (regrettably) smiling face of the short man, who introduced himself as judge Daily, and shook his hand, not expecting a reaction to the silver and not getting one. He moved on to shake the hand of the judge who let them in, who said announced himself as judge Harrison, and got zero reaction from him too. "We just wanted to ask you about the recent murders."
It had started three days ago, at the bunker. Sam had brought over his computer and told Dean that he had found a case in a nearby town, Hays, which was not even two hours away. The basis was that people were showing up dead, and looking as if they had been eaten from the inside out. Dean had called that weird enough, and they hit the road.
"It didn't. At all. It was... good, Dean. Was really that all you wanted to do? You are allowed to hug me, you know. I am not opposed to it." Cas said, smiling.
Sam surfed the web, and found out that Aletheia liked to be where people were the most truthful, but also where people have fulfilled their desires. "So, a courthouse would work. I mean, think about it. People are under oath, but also, they gave in to their desires- the perps have murdered, stolen, cheated on their spouses, they've done what they wanted to. She likes to force people to tell the truth, so it might be worth a shot to ask around for new judges, just to see. Plus, there's a courthouse less than ten minutes from here."
"Okay. But, Dean, if you just touch my shoulder, I still won't be able to fight properly," Cas's forehead bunched up as he spoke, "When you touched my face, without any fabric in the way, my head was clearest."
"Hey Cas, does it work the same of you touch me instead of me touching you?" Dean questioned, "It's just... I figure if I sleep on my stomach and you put your hand on my back, it would be more comfortable than this."
"Good, because she's ganked three people here already. We've done some digging on ways to kill her, but the spell is pretty... complicated, to say the least. Do you think you could come over here and help out?"
"Of course. I'll be there as soon as I can. Where are you?" Cas said the question like a statement, but there was genuine affection behind it.
"That's it!" Dean exclaimed, slamming the thick, leather bound book in front of him, dust clouding from its pages. Anger and exasperation took over his face as he leaned over to lightly hit his head on the book's cover. Cas squeezed the hand Dean was holding, trying to extend some comfort. He and Dean had been researching for the whole day since Castiel was hit with the curse.
"Yes, Dean. I will be fine." Cas said, reluctantly relenquishing his hold on Dean's hand and watching him enter the bathroom with a pile of clothes he had retrieved from his duffle. He didn't need to brush his teeth as he had done it earlier, so he took the time Dean was in the bathroom to change into boxers and one of Dean's old, stretched out Metallica t-shirts.
"Oh, yes. Horrible, aren't they? It's such a shame, those people.. those poor youngsters," judge Rotherman said, the smile dropping from her face. Dean's eyes were locked on the woman on the other side of the room, who was looking like she wanted to leave the room more every second.
"Well, we will start by questioning you separately. Just a few questions about recent cases that were brought to your attention," Cas said, and noticing the direction Dean was looking in, he locked his eyes on the woman in the corner too. "What is your name, ma'am?" he asked.
Dean felt like holding hands with he man he had been in love with for well over half a decade was almost synonymous with the end of the world. It was bursting his little bubble of self inflicted isolation and denial.
"Oh," Cas said, looking in Dean's direction, "well, I can sense longing, not so much what people long for, but how much they long for it. It's not too specific, just a general feeling. When I'm around you two, there is always a pretty strong sense of longing from both of you. For Sam it's always for something like comfort, or normalcy, which is expected. And from you, Dean, it's the things that Sam wants, too, but it's predominantly longing for a romantic relationship" Dean made a sound that resembled choking, "but I can never tell who with."
"Uhh... dude?" Dean questioned, his voice a little higher out of nerves, "can I have my hand back? I kinda need it to, y'know... drive." Cas grimaced in response, clutching Dean's hand ever so slightly tighter before letting go. He curled up facing the window and muffled his sounds of pain until they reached the motel fifteen minutes later.
"Stop being so melodramatic, Dean," Cas said with a slight hint of amusement. He put his hand between Dean's head and pushed it up until Dean was sitting up straight. "We will just have to get her to break the curse before we kill her. You have done it before, it should not be excessively difficult."
Cas's breathing was getting more pained by the minute as Dean lugged him to the Impala. Dean fumbled open the passenger's side door with one hand, and then guided Cas into sitting down. Cas attempted to buckle the seatbelt himself, but kept missing the buckle as his vision blurred. Dean reached over and took the buckle from Cas and secured it himself. As their hands touched momentarily, Cas sighed in relief, no longer on the brink of fading into unconsciousness.
"Well, not exactly. We killed Veritas, the Roman goddess of truth, not her. They're pretty much the same goddess to be honest, except Aletheia is more about being true to yourself than others. So, everyone who is affected needs to be true to themselves, to act on their deepest desires. That could be as innocent as wanting an ice pop for a kid, but for an adult, it could be other things. Things they can't always act on. And, well, we've already been to the morgue, you know how it ends when they don't act on them. Their desires literally ate them from the inside out." Sam replied gravely while Dean sat on his bed. "Although, there's another way she's different from Veritas... look, right here, the spell to kill her is a lot more complex then just dog's blood and a knife. That's some heavy duty spellwork that we have to do, with ingredients that look super hard to find."
It was very late, so Dean knocked out in a matter of minutes. His breathing became regular and Cas's hand rose and fell with Dean's ribs. Dean could sleep just about anywhere, but he fell asleep faster than usual because it was nice to share a bed with someone. Especially Cas. He liked the comfort of knowing he was close by, safe. The hand Cas rested on his back was definitely confirmation that Cas was there.
Dean jumped and took his hand off Cas's chest, looking guilty. Sam smiled reassuringly in his direction. Sam had been observing Cas and Dean for years, and he had more than glimpsed the 'profound bond', to quote Cas.
"Oh. Uh, okay," Dean said, slightly bewildered that Cas didn't mind the hug, since they only usually do that when they just realized the other is alive after believing the opposite. The hug, however, wasn't all that he wanted to do, but he had a feeling that some of the things he wanted to do (hold Cas's hand, take him on dates, kiss him, tell him he loves him), Cas would be opposed too. But he kept his peace. "Well, I'm alright now, so we can go over to the courthouse and finally gank this chick."
Something in his soul howled when the scent started to change. It was still Cas, but sweeter, somehow, at first. And as he learned that scent he picked up something else. Arousal. He needed to get closer. Now. He needed to get closer now. Another whimper and now it was Cas struggling for control.
He made it home before Cas was up and got ready. He brewed some coffee first, then fixed some of his special hangover cure. He dug for some aspirin and set it by the coffee cup. When Cas got up, Dean poured the coffee and handed it to Cas with the aspirin. He kept his distance and his silence until Cas looked a bit less frazzled, then offered the hangover cure, and some breakfast.
“It’s more complicated than that,” but he wanted to try to explain it anyway, or at least part of it, so we added, “It’s not about them so much, really. Sure, if I see someone in trouble or about to do something stupid and I can stop them, I will help, because people are worth saving. But also, because that is who I am. Whatever else I am or have been, I
“I don’t think now’s the time to tell you the long, pathetic story of how I came to be where I was when you found me. Maybe some other time, if you want to know, but - ” he hesitated, but made himself continue. “The bottom line is, it wasn’t great. And it left me no reason to think that anyone would have my back, ever.”
“These days, mostly people just share playlists. Same idea, really. The songs are just online.” He hesitated before finally admitting, “I might have sent her a YouTube playlist,” and then after clearing his throat, “of those videos that show the lyrics cause, well, you know.”
“I feel better. I was even wondering if it was okay to take a walk around the hallways. You know, for exercise.”
Later, he’d think of all kinds of snarky remarks. They had known a scrawny kid. He’d grown up, bulked up. He had stopped the constant hormone blockers, so he had grown rather more imposing too. He was wearing fancy leather shoes and a suit. And he was walking through them as if they didn’t matter in the least. If he had time for snark right now, he would enjoy flaunting all that. But he had bigger fish to fry. He burst through the doors of the ICU room and headed for the only bed that was behind a privacy curtain. He shoved it aside, and sure enough, there was Dean. Pale. Sweaty. He didn’t look good at all.
“I was just back from the Empty, and we were in Dodge City, and you were walking around like a kid on Christmas morning, with your cowboy boots and your cowboy hat. We split off from Sam and Jack and it was just you, me, and Baby for a while. Playing cowboy.”
“I’m Sheriff Mills, and this is Deputy Singer. We need to have a word with Mr. Novak in connection with an assault that happened in our town a few weeks ago.”
He had to admit, this was not the reaction he had expected from Dean. Was he even still paying attention? Cas turned his head to see what Dean was looking at. As far as he could tell, just a few people outside a sporting goods store.
“The colors in the filling, the scent of the spices, you let them tell you what to expect, build the anticipation.”
There was nothing but silence for a minute, and Dean knocked again. He was about to give up and stomp away when the door opened. He turned back around to face the door and was instantly frozen to the spot. Cas was standing in the doorway, drying his hair with a towel, another around his waist, and not a stitch on him.
Dean pulled back just enough to look at Cas, and felt his breath catch in his throat. It was as if Castiel’s soul was laid out for him to examine. He fell into those eyes, sinking into the love he found there, letting it drown out the fear. For a moment the fear surged to warn him he could get lost in there. He shoved it aside. He could think of worse things than losing himself in Cas. Like never knowing what it was like to lose himself at all.
It was mostly static for the first 9 seconds, barely discernible noises in the background. Then a voice rasped into the speaker.
“Oh, sure, I guess.” She smiled bigger, flicked her hair and leaned in, looking over her shoulder as if to make sure they couldn’t be overheard.
“Fucking coward. The way he walked through the room like nothing else mattered more than getting to Frank, and then he gets freaked out because Frank called it a date. Way to ruin everything, man.”
4 days. For the last 4 days Dean had gone in with Castiel to work. He talked to everyone, focused on trying to find a niche for himself. He had asked the Advanced Cooking teacher what an omega who wanted to encourage a reluctant alpha might add into the food in the way of an aphrodisiac (he was just curious, okay?), and the teacher added a new unit to her schedule. He’d spent time with Charlie, helping and discussing his driving class idea. She’d agreed to “secure” proper documentation, licenses and ownership papers for the vehicles, should the class come to fruition. He’d thought of Sammy when he talked to the makeup teacher and she ended up coming up with a unit on changing the appearance of pups. At the end of each day he found himself in Castiel’s room.
Right on cue there was a knock on the door, and Dean nodded to Cas, heading for the private bathroom attached to his office. Cas called out to his assistant to come in, and by the time she had approached his desk, Dean (and Sam!) were settling into the chairs opposite his desk.
“I don’t suppose it’s practical to join the class, under the circumstances. But we can take some time at the end of the day, if you like.”
Apparently Frank had blue eyes. Dr. Sexy was kinda stuck, which Dean could relate to, cause blue eyes were just tricky. If they were just the right shade of blue, and you looked at them long enough, they could make you feel like you were flying.
He brushed Castiel’s lips with his own, promising himself he’d stop with the juvenile jokes about the songs, and get all the insight he could from them.
“Now that you’re medically cleared, you don’t have to stay here if you don’t want to. I – I hesitate to offer because I don’t want you to feel…”
“Is it okay if I call you Dean? Mr. Winchester seems excessively formal now that we’re going to work together. Not that it’s a problem if that’s your preference, of course.”
“I guess what I’m saying is, I probably suck at this. Bad. I’m probably going to fuck up nine ways before breakfast but I promise I’ll fix it every time. And if that’s a chance you’re willing to take, I think – I think it might work with us. We’re a hell of a team, Cas. When we work together, there’s not a damn fight we can’t win.”
Charlie had cajoled a bit of an admission out of him and was delighted with him at the way the relationship was developing. But Charlie didn’t know the whole story and he didn’t want to tell her just how badly he’d fucked it up before. How afraid he was of fucking it up again. With everyone watching. He should be celebrating his new place here, but all he really wanted to do was go hide from all those eyes.
“It wouldn’t have, if I’d had one,” he ruefully shook his head. “you don’t pick up hypervigilance at the school’s book fair.”
One by one, he pulled the most random assortment of items from the box, showing them to the camera and taking a minute to describe what it was, where he got it, and why it was special. After the 7th item he stopped.
He shifted, his lips orbiting Castiel’s skin, somehow. His breath brushing against Castiel’s neck briefly before returning to his face.
He made his way to the garage, mentally running through what Baby needed and what he had time for today. She wasn’t quite due for an oil change yet, but he had time, and with Chuck plotting, who knew when they might be swamped again? She could use a break job. He couldn’t remember the last time he’d done that and he was starting to feel like she was less responsive than she should be. He should at least check it out. And while he was doing that, he could clean her tires and rims properly. Yeah, that sounded like a plan. Break job, lube job, rim jo…. Uh… detail. Yeah, come to think of it, he had enough time to just do a full detail, get all polished like she just rolled off the showroom floor.
"I picked you, Dean. You're next. Even if you kill me, like I know you're planning to, it won't stop he spell. It'll eat you up, all because you're too scared to do what you have wanted to for who knows how many years. But if you tell the truth, it'll all be over. So, are you going to grow some balls and do it, or are we going to stand here and watch you die?" Sam and Cas looked between her and Dean like they were watching a tennis match for the majority of her monologue, but when she mentioned Dean dying, they rapidly gained looks of alarm.
"Okay, Cas, let's get you inside. Give me your hand. Okay, good, now... yeah, over my shoulder. Good job, bud," Dean spoke comfortingly as he got Cas arranged. Cas's right arm was draped over Dean's shoulders and Dean's arm was wrapped around Cas's waist in a feeble attempt to keep Cas upright. They were pressed together from hip to shoulder, and Cas heaved a sigh, breath shaking its way out of paper lungs.
"I can't," Dean said, still being propped up with Cas's hands on his shoulders. As soon as the words were out another sharp stab of pain hit him in the gut.
He wished it was easier to tell Cas exactly how much he needed him. He didn't want to shatter the friendship that had been hard tempered by the fires of several real end-of-the-world situations. If he was honest with himself, he could handle being just friends with Cas of it meant being close to him. If he was even more honest, even if they were just friends, he would never stop loving Cas.
"That's okay, dude," Dean said with sincerity, " I can just put my hand in your arm, that way more skin is touching." He pulled his hand out of Castiel's grip and placed it over Cas's arm. He moved slowly so Cas could pull away if he wanted. Cas pushed his arm up into Deans hand and put his own hand over the point of contact.
"Dean, she said she chose you, personally, and that the curse isn't broken even now that she's dead! That's not exactly great news, considering that if you don't tell the truth, you'll die! Please, you have to say or do something about this," Sam said desperately, "According to the autopsy report, about three hours after the victims started complaining about abdomen pains, their stomachs burst open and they died!"
"Yeah, we've got them in the trunk." Dean said without even glancing in Sam's direction, but instead staring intently at the goosegrass stuck to Cas's lapel. He got up from his seat, walked across the room and closer to Cas than he strictly needed to be, and he gently picked the goosegrass off of his collar. Cas looked up at him with confusion and awe. Then Dean's eyes became very wide all of a sudden and he took several steps back. "I.. I'm so sorry, I don't know what that was."
"It's really late," Dean said with a yawn, "Let's sleep. This bed is pretty big. You'll be comfortable, right?"
Dean came out of the bathroom smelling like toothpaste and aftershave. He closed the door and turned around to see a sleepy and ruffled Cas in his shirt sitting under the sheets of a bed they were about to share.
"Y-Yeah, that must have been it, I just wanted to get that stupid goosegrass stuff off him, so I did..." Dean said, trailing off. Dean started to think that maybe with this curse he wouldn't be able to hide the feelings he'd had for Cas since they became friends. If he had to act on his deepest desires, the most prominent one was the desire to hold Cas and keep him safe, to be with him forever. He wondered if that desire would eat him up inside before they were able to kill Aletheia. He sat back on the bed, contemplating all of this.
"So get this," Sam said while turning around his computer so Dean could see, "The symbol? It represents Aletheia, the goddess of truth."
"Okay, Cas. Do you have any idea what the curse is, now that you've been stuck with it for a while?" Dean said, trying to get right to a way to help Cas.
As Dean yawned widely, the pain that had settled snuggly in Castiel's chest grew. Cas's face twisted, unable to hide the pain from his expression now that it was getting harder to manage, even though Dean's hand was still firmly held in his own. He slowly interlaced their fingers, giving Dean time to stop him, but the rejection never came. Dean checked his watch.
“If you’re going to be around for a while, there’s a few things you should probably know about Cas.”
“I meant the band,” he called after her, even knowing she was too far away to hear him. “I meant the whole band.”
“Better for whom, Dean? Do you think it’s better for Frank to be toyed with like this? To go through his days wondering what Dr Sexy really means, asking himself if he’s going crazy thinking he’s interested? To open himself up to hope, only to be ignored? To give up and close himself up only to wonder from now on if things might have worked out in the end if he hadn’t shut it down? Do you think they can ever really be friends when there’s no respect between them?”
It was as if somewhere among the stacks someone had opened a window. As if a warm breeze was drifting in, bringing with it gentle notes of wildflowers and summer shenanigans. As if it was whispering of discovery and wonder in wild romps in the woods. As if something, somewhere was inviting him out to play, to chase butterflies and roll around in the grass, and race to the edge of the lake to howl at the moon.
He decided to start with a two-block area, and carefully traced a red line two blocks in from the coastline. After stopping a moment to consider, he filled the area with red wiggly lines. There were a few small lakes. They were not being searched, and Cas pondered whether to eliminate a two-block area around them. The call had said water. Lakes would qualify. But these were small lakes, not likely to have waves or otherwise be noticed by someone theoretically being held inside. Still, if he was planning something he didn’t want detected and there was a lake nearby, he would have made that distinction clear. He decided on a solid maybe and pulled out the yellow marker.
“I’m being rude, aren’t I? I don’t believe you’ve met my brother yet. Michael, Sam. Sammy, Michael. Michael is Castiel’s brother.”
“Yeah, I’ve been following his channel for a couple of years,” Sam came clean. “I… After that first week we just never talked about him, it was like a rule. I thought about telling you but -”
Convention center. He hadn’t really given any thought to spaces that would be empty most of the time, but at particular times would have large gatherings of people. Large events. Like Comic Con.
“No, silly.” He stood up straighter and explained. “He said – he said if I still wanted to kiss him when I – when I sober up, I should call him.”
“Dean, I apologize. I should have taken a hint when you hesitated. You clearly didn’t want to work out today and when we started I could tell you were uncomfortable with it. I should have – well, I shouldn’t have pushed, and I shouldn’t have continued when I realized you were not comfortable with it. I thought… it doesn’t matter what I thought. I crossed a line, I’m sorry.”
“We should convert your old bedroom into a workout room,” was suggested half-way through the third episode, and as the food coma had receded enough, they disentangled themselves from each other and the blanket and climbed up the stairs. They set the bed aside and shuffled the rest of the furniture into the walk-in closets.
“He was right, by the way,” Castiel heard himself say. “My team informs me that there’s no bomb, but she almost blew anyway. Next time this guy tells you it’s not safe, listen.”
Cas took the paper the man handed him, let himself out of the car and started making his way back to the bunker.
The crowd that had been focused on Vader now looked to Solo, and back to Vader, who was turning to move away. Darting forward, Dean scanned the crowd.
How does one investigate a fellow officer who is missing without tipping off (and ticking off) everyone at the station? Everyone else was working from the position that he had been taken. That he was now being pumped for information on their investigation, and in serious danger. Or possibly already dead, the full embodiment of the tragic hero who chose to die rather than reveal anything. He couldn’t bring that into question on just evidence they didn’t have. He needed something tangible.
“Something about it weird, right? You picked up on it right away, even when you were just listening to static.”
“If he’s bi… wouldn’t he have been with guys before now? He’s got to be like 30, maybe 35. He looks confused. Why would he be confused? Wouldn’t he know by now?”
Something about getting the message. But the way he said it… Like he’d just said something important and they didn’t know it. Like there was a clue, but he was sure they wouldn’t see it. Another Vader crossed his field of vision, this one escorted by two Stormtroopers. The crowd had decided there was nothing interesting left to see here and was dispersing. Charlie was still talking to the station. Cas had removed Chewie’s head and was repositioning Vader while reading him his rights. A barely contained C3PO chirped and walked around like he was looking for someone. Luke, maybe. Or –
“Maybe I could help at the center, somehow. I could fix everyone’s cars, maybe. Or I could teach some basics of living on the run. I lived on the run for years. Stuff like how to change your own oil, or simple repairs you can do that on the side of the road so people aren’t getting stranded and potentially getting caught. How to hustle pool for money in a pinch. There’s a lot I could teach that could be useful.”
“I don’t like this. What if they’re not here because they’re planning something big, some kind of attack like the one those terrorists were planning for the-” he interrupted himself and started again urgently.
And Garth let it go, the same way Benny had. Kevin, already getting set up, carefully avoided eye contact and the topic both. Which is probably why when Cas called bullshit, all 4 of the others stared at him as if he was out of his mind. But Cas had grown up with Dean’s temper and dealt with it when it was fueled by puberty. He hadn’t been intimidated then. He wasn’t about to start now.
"Yeah, yeah okay," Sam stuttered out before fumbling for the piece of paper in his pocket that he had written to words on. "Epitrepste sto keno kai borei, na min vlapsete pote allo!" Sam chanted. The bronze bowl grew hotter in Dean's hand, glowing bright red. Aletheia screamed in agony, and disintegrated before their eyes, turning into a fine sand that blew across the room and faded into nothingness.
Even though Cas was tired and achy from the normal human experience -or as normal as one can get around Sam and Dean- he still managed to shoot the witch killing bullets in his gun in the vague direction of the short, mousey haired witch. She was pouring intently over what looked to be a spell book, but the sound of gunfire quickly caught her attention. Dean was closer to the mark with his bullets, though she let out a yell and ducked at the last second, throwing her book at Dean's head before she darted off down a hallway. Cas attempted to run after her, but she quickly spit out a few phrases in Latin before making a hasty exit out the window, clanging down the fire escape and into the street below.
"Yes, of course I do. I have since I pulled your soul out of hell and rebuilt you piece by piece. How could I not love you?"
Dean dragged him by the arm out the door and to the car, Sam in tow behind them. Dean only just stopped himself from slipping his hand into Cas's while they walked across the lot. This caused another painful twist in his stomach, this time strong enough that he let go of Cas's arm. He had to stop to clutch his stomach so he wouldn't lose his breakfast.
Dean stared angrily down at her, and seemed very tempted to kill her right then, but he stopped himself. "Hello, I'm Dean," he said snarkly back. "Now,c an you stop this spell or power or whatever the fuck it is you have going on so that this whole town doesn't die?" Dean asked through clenched teeth.
The squeeze of Dean's hand only made Dean hit his head on the book harder, a small blush visible on his face.
Cas stood up and held out a hand to pull Dean up. Dean grabbed it gratefully and stood with Cas's help, still a little weak at the knees from pain and head still spinning from the adrenaline and endorphins from the long hug. After Cas helped him up, he pulled his hand away, which caused Dean's gut to turn a little, but he ignored it for now. They all piled into the Impala, Sam in the back for once, and headed East to the courthouse.
"Hello, your... Honours," Dean said oh so eloquently, "we're from the FBI to ask you a few routine questions
"We're in Hays, Kansas at the Rye Motel on-" before Dean could get the name of the street out, Cas popped into existence, sitting on the bed next to him. Right next him. Leaning over him in fact.
Once Dean got comfortable, he placed his hand on Dean's back. It was through his shirt, so it wasn't as good at easing the pain, but since his whole hand and part of his arm was in contact with Dean, it was better than before. Now that Cas was on his left side, the lumps in the motel mattress weren't as noticeable, which was fine by him.
In short, holding hands when you're repressed, emotionally constipated, and touch starved is a tough thing to do calmly.
The pain in Dean's stomach stopped immediately, washing away like the tide going out. Dean held Cas against him, just happy to be able to. He smiled over Cas's shoulder at Sam, who had tears of relief spilling out from his eyes and down his cheeks.
Dean Winchester was confused as to how the hell he gotten into this situation. But he was not surprised that he had.
Dean leant his head back until it dropped onto the back of the chair, the blush on his cheeks spreading to his ears. He still held on tight to Cas's hand, though. He wasn't going to let go until he had to.
Even though the lights were out in Dean's head, Cas had trouble falling asleep, like always. He loved having Dean so close, loved being able to make sure that Dean was real and solid and there. He reminded himself that Dean was only this close to him, only willing to stay, because if he didn't Castiel would be in pain. He reminded himself that Dean would never really want this.
Dean barrelled into the witch's apartment, gun raised and not at all dwelling on the bone-weary look in Castiel's eyes as he stepped up next to him. Okay, maybe he was dwelling a little bit, but only because he was concerned for the guy. He knew Cas was unhappy with being a human, and felt like he was useless to the Winchester brothers without his powers. This hunt was supposed to ease his mind, and to prove that Dean didn't keep him around just for his 'angel mojo'. That they were friends. And so far it had proved that Cas was more than just a flash-medic on wings, but it had not resolved the fact that Cas had no idea how to function as a human.
Now that Cas was human, he wasn't so insistent on leaving. Cas flitting away the second the job was done was never something that Dean liked. He liked Cas with him. Under his eyes, under his hands, keeping him in place before he left again.
"Uhh... how's that gonna work?" Dean said, turning to face Cas, "With me having to be... touching you all the time?" The thoughts running through Cas's head were of the cuddling persuasion, though he knew that Dean would never condone that. He became a little fidgety at the thought.
"Judge Ziton." came the curt reply. Her face looked like she had just eaten a lemon, distaste plain as day.
"Oh, well, I don't know. The fact that you've been killing people all over town is sort of a big part of our vexation." Sam replied for Dean, who looked as if he already had the beginning of a curse word on his tongue.
Dean exited the car, the harsh bang of the car door jarring Castiel out of his pain-induced stupor. The door to his right that he had been leaning against opened, causing him to tip a little before correcting himself. Dean reached out his hand.
Dean unashamedly took a moment to check him out in the mirror. Cas was ripped. Which, really, shouldn’t have been surprising. He was a warrior, after all, and while he had angel power he’d kept that body in perfect condition. They had fought side by side too often for the strength in Castiel’s body to be news to him. But he had somehow never thought…
But he couldn’t even make sense of his feelings without this pie analogy right now. What kind of a repressed idiot was he that even inside his own head he needed a freaking metaphor to process this? Whatever, if that’s what it took, he would use it and figure this out. Things would change now, they had to. But into what? And what would happen when he inevitably fucked it up?
The truth is, when Cas had sang the words directly at him, it had gotten awkward. He drank some more and acted drunker. He wasn’t especially proud of his reaction now, but he hadn’t known. Shit, he didn’t know Cas meant it. He didn’t know he had feelings of his own, lurking beneath the surface. He just knew it was a small town and they were both dudes and it was probably just Cas being Cas, not really getting what this would mean to regular humans. So he played drunk. Plausible deniability. To the rest of the patrons, they’d just be stupid drunk buddies who would now have a funny story to tell at each other’s weddings someday, if they even remembered any of this in the morning. And it would save awkwardness with Cas if they could just pretend it never happened.
He wanted to call Dean. With every swig he took he wanted to call Dean that much harder. Just to cry and beg for forgiveness, mostly. He didn’t deserve it, but Dean didn’t deserve this silence and he could think of nothing else he could say. But the only thing worse than putting Dean through all this would be putting him through all this and then getting him arrested anyway. No contact was part of the deal. He couldn’t risk it. And so he took another swig and cried harder and tortured himself listening to Dean’s increasingly confused and hurt messages.
“We should record it. For my channel. When I played the original, people seemed really interested in hearing the new version. It would be a great way to start getting noticed. And to get some feedback on our sound.”
“He’s got dark brown hair, cut very short, not quite a buzz cut, but close. I can’t see his face, but I can see a scar by his right ear. He’s wearing boots and khaki pants with a black polo.”
Should he talk to Dean about all this? He wanted to get Dean’s feedback, but did not want to risk triggering anything. Dean had asked about Miller first, so… but what if he didn’t want to get into the details? Perhaps the best way to approach it was to simply be available, so Dean could ask if he wanted to know. That made sense, right?
“A phone call. We got a phone call from Miller. Something about it is bothering me, but I can’t put my finger on it.”
Okay, so maybe the pie was more about starting over on better footing than about proving his baking prowess. It worked. There hadn’t been much practicing in their band practices yet, what with the awkwardness of the first Saturday and the pie the following week, but at least it finally felt like they might be a garage band made up of new friends who wanted to have fun together.
“Michael Novak? I’m Sheriff Jody Mills, and this is Deputy Singer. We’d like to have a word with you in connection to an incident that happened in our jurisdiction a few weeks ago.”
“What are you doing out here? Get inside immediately. We will discuss this as soon as I’m done here. You will go kneel in front of my chair and hope that I don’t chain you in the yard all night, since you’re so eager for fresh air.”
Frank looked kinda dazed too, he was noticing. And kinda soft and delicate. Dr. Sexy probably thought he was looking at a girl. He heard himself smirk. And quickly glanced at Sam and Cas, only to find them both glaring at him.
He felt the same thrill he got from getting into Baby just for a drive fill him. There was a world of exciting possibilities open before him.
Dr. Sexy was clearly confused. Nurse Kelly was visiting for a few days. They’d been chatting by the nurses’ station, catching up on the news, when Frank had come in to look for a chart. As he’d turned to go, he had “bumped into” Dr. Sexy, and Dr. Sexy had glanced over his shoulder. They had locked eyes for a second, both clearly moving to say something. Ya know, the way you do when you bump into someone. But they just froze there and no words came out. Probably because Kelly was still talking like a ninny. And well, the camera did that thing where it kinda zooms in and damned if the music that plays when Dr. Sexy is checking out some new babe didn’t start up.
He’d gone home rather less angry than he left. He decided that he would start looking through country hits from the 80s and 90s for songs that might be good shaped into classic rock. Then he’d go have dinner with Lisa and Ben, has he had been doing almost since Sammy went off to Stanford. He’d act like they hadn’t had a stupid fight earlier and tell her about the new song he was working on.
When Cas looked up again, he was looking confused rather than embarrassed, so Dean called that a win.
They held their breaths for a moment, as if they were indeed teenagers whose parents would be called about this if they got caught. Then the light moved on and they laughed and separated, the mood shifting for the moment. They noticed the time, and reluctantly moved back to the front seat. Being an adult was not all it was cracked up to be.
“It’s like my brain was stuck on running away. And I couldn’t think about anything else or notice anything else until I managed to run away. While I was living with you, I did things… I’m not proud of. And we can talk about that if you want. But there is one thing you need to understand first.”
She was still talking, a weird mixture of soft and frantic, and Dean couldn’t stomach it anymore. He stood up and headed to the bathroom to change, tossing a thank you over his shoulder.
His first instinct was to panic. Something about snakes was terrifying at some primal level, no matter who you were. He screamed. Heard scrambling nearby as the children ran to investigate. Then he realized something and he smiled.
“Can we get back to work, then?” Cas grouched when the man took off with the child. “I have a date later, things to do.”
“Dean,” Cas started. He had no idea how to finish that sentence, so he hesitated. “Can you be any more specific? Anything at all? Why officer Brown specifically? Why not both of them?”
They moaned into the kiss at the contact, and suddenly the kiss turned hotter, hands started roaming, sliding under t-shirts, searching.
Dean backed up the show a few seconds and paused it on the look Cas had mentioned. Ok, so it didn’t look like a casual, uninterested look.
“Ah,” Cas knew the suit he meant now. It was one of his best, perfectly tailored, and it suited his skin tone. With the right tie, it really made his eyes pop too. He nodded, the puzzlement in his expression asking the question for him.
The bad news was that the camera angle provided very limited information. He could tell they were all men. Two appeared to be of average height and one somewhat taller than that. He could list what they were wearing, and roughly what their hair looked like. But that was all he had so far.
The second the words were out, Dean turned beet red. Castiel either didn’t notice or did a fair job of pretending not to.
He sounded all scratchy from sleep, but there was conviction in his voice when he slipped his arms around Dean’s waist.
A groan vibrated against his collarbone, and Cas pulled him into a kiss that would shut him up for a while.
“And now it’s Samson. Samson who was a warrior of god, so powerful no army could defeat him. So they sent Delilah to seduce him and betray him. She found out how to break him. His power came from his hair. She cut it. When he was helpless to protect himself, they overpowered, chained and blinded him. And still he followed her, blindly, into his death. Love can make you do self-destructive things too."
“I apologize, officer. I’m afraid my omega is still in training. I assure you it will not happen again. I thank you for your assistance. I’ll take it from here,” Cas turned to leave, but the other man cleared his throat.
"For kissing you. For saying your name as I lose myself in you. For other things, too" and he'd glanced significantly down between their bodies.
Dean vaguely nodded, afraid to believe that Cas really liked the idea, and that they could work together to make it happen.
But he knew he didn’t sound as if it had gone great. Still, when Cas simply waited for him to elaborate, he began to go into detail and the more he thought and said about it, the closer he got to that great feeling. By the time he got to the part where his first class was next week, he was radiating excitement and anticipation. Cas listened, his smile getting bigger as he went.
Dean sat up straighter. She seemed ready to launch into some grade A gossip. He felt guilty about listening already, but he wanted to know everything there was to know.
“That kid behind you is looking at the man that way. I’m sure it’s his father, but something is very wrong. More than just the kid being terrified. The kid caught my eye while his father was ordering their food. He needs help. He knows I’m watching, and he’s eating real slow, kinda stalling. We need to help him.”
Sure, recently things had been, well, stressful between them. But until Mary’s second death he would have sworn any blood oath that anyone cared to offer that Castiel was his brother. Sure, not quite like Sammy was, but that was because of history. He’d never changed Castiel’s diapers or made sure that he got his homework done and got to school. And ok, if he was being honest, he’d never asked himself what Sammy’s dic… never mind. He couldn’t even finish that sentence in his own mind. So, clearly a bit different, but still. Cas was his brother, right?
“Yes, please.” Cas remembered to say, and Dean chuckled again, stepping out himself, and getting into the back.
“I don’t think I told you yet, but my parents are loaded,” Cas smirked. “You landed a trust fund kid.”
They looked at each other in silence and started walking again, now on the lookout for protestors in unlikely places. Where were they? There was always a handful of protestors, no matter how benign. Why weren’t they here? Not in the parking lot. Not in the lobby as Cas flashed his badge to get them inside, taking security aside for a moment.
“You never have to thank me for helping a kid,” he’d tossed over his shoulder as he opened the door to the staff room, gesturing to the adjoining room, where he went to wash his hands.
He was pacing the length of his office, his mind recapping everything he knew about Dean, and reviewing the events on the roof, trying to work out how mad Dean might be if Cas reached out to him first, and just what he might do about it. He wanted to respect Dean’s space, but this was literally the only hot potato on his plate he could do anything at all about right now, and he needed to do something.
“He got violent. Mostly when he was drunk, but also, he’d sometimes just be walking down the street, and he’d think he saw a vamp or werewolf of whatever and decide it was his job to follow that guy and ‘take care” of it. To save innocent people. So, I had to defuse that. Before I hit puberty, it was my job to take care of Sammy, take care of myself, and keep my dad from becoming your local serial killer.”
“That was often the case back then.” He dropped into a seat and continued. “I knew exactly what I was doing. As far as the song is concerned anyway.”
“Love is… complicated, for an angel. There are so many kinds of love, so many conflicting messages about what it is and what it should be. So many voices telling us how to feel it. I knew I loved you almost from the very beginning. But how did I love you? How was loving like a friend different than loving like a brother and how are those unlike loving like a lover? Is the difference in the feeling or in how it is expressed? So many questions, Dean. About life, about faith, and especially about love. And just like that, in a glance, they were all replaced with answers.”
Dean made himself remember the last few days. The way they’d ended up tangled together, the look in Castiel’s eyes when he had Dean pinned against the wall, and the same eyes when he couldn’t pin Dean down.
He felt it pressing down on him, some need to say something, to do something, but he wasn’t sure what, wasn’t sure how, there was just instinct. Deep-in-the-gut instinct, the kind of drive that was usually only  a part of his rut.
“My mother showed me some court documents showing that Dean was on probation for another two years and threatening to have him arrested if I didn’t come back.”
Before Dean could take another step, he found his back pressed against the wall, and then they were pouring all the frustration and longing of the last few weeks into a hard kiss. Hands clinging desperately as if this might all be a dream, in the end. One kiss at a time, they let themselves believe it was real, and the kisses gentled, slowed, eased into tenderness.
“It seems that we underestimated how… attached you had become to your new home,” Naomi surrendered. “Since you seem to be so eager to return, why don’t you go ahead back. We’ll let you and your… friend get reacquainted, as you said. And maybe we can speak again after you’ve settled in."
This close, kissing was hard on his neck, so he nibbled gently on Castiel’s lip and headed south, tracing his way past his chin, his neck, his collarbone, until it found Castiel’s nipples exactly where he could comfortably feast on them, at mouth level.
Michael almost glowed with triumph, sure that he wouldn’t even have to bother to make that phone call after all.
“I like where this is going. You should spend the next few days talking to people and assessing what we already do, and what you can add to that. Then you can put together a class proposal and bring it up to Benny. I’ll help, if you like.”
Megan’s smile was on the strained side of professional by now, but she reluctantly got up and took the basket into one of the offices behind her. First door on the left, they noted.
“Human sometimes have a hard time figuring themselves out.” Dean pointed out before stuffing his face again.
“Of course not!” Castiel sounded outright indignant. Until he mumbled under his breath “more like beginner mixed martial arts.”
“I didn’t do great in school, as you might guess. There just was no room left for algebra.” Dean stretched, rubbed at the back of his neck. “We moved around a lot, chasing new jobs and hallucinations. And then one day in my late teens dad just up and disappeared. As bad as things had been up until then…” Dean shook his head, words failing him entirely.
“Well, if you won’t tell me,” Cas whispers as he reaches the other end of the trail and nips gently at Dean’s earlobe, “I’m just going to have to investigate.”
Giggling like a schoolgirl he carefully made his way to his feet, then reached down to grab the scrap of paper he’d dropped and almost fell again.
He was suddenly holding the remote and stopped the music before kissing Dean senseless. And well, if he did that mostly to distract Dean from the memories that had just been dredged up, well… there was some self-interest in there too.
“I wasn’t tossed out against my will. I jumped, Dean. I saw what I wanted and I picked my way carefully, at first. Trying to get closer, wanting a better look. One careful step at a time, inching my way down, not really knowing how solid the ground under my feet was. But I kept walking, feeling my way along. And then there’s a moment, Dean. The moment when you feel the ground getting unsteady and you have to choose. Do you continue, or do you back up? I didn’t know what would come of it, if we’d ever be more than hunting buddies, if you were going to die the next day even, who I’d even be when I wasn’t Castiel, Angel of the Lord, Commander of his Garrison. But I knew that I didn’t want the kind of forever where I didn’t get to find out.”
“It won’t work.” he smirked “The princess is alerting the alliance generals as we speak and in another moment there will be an entire fleet of rebel ships waiting for you outside. What did you do?”
“Predictable. Wonder what Miller’s buddies are getting up to downtown while all the cops are combing the beach.”
“That’s the worst part, you know. It might have been just an average pie, sure. Good, but nothing to write home about. It might have been sour and overdone, and ended up in the trash. But there’s a chance it could have been absolutely perfect, the kind of pie they write songs about, and he’ll never know. And neither will the person who made that pie. They’ll never get to see him try it. Enjoy it. They’ll never know how much he would have loved the pie they made for him. They’ll never know how perfect it could have been. No one will.”
“Can I ask you something? I’m not trying to pry, I understand if you’d rather not say. But I gotta ask.”
The absolute conviction in those words shook Dean to his core. He didn’t even know why, really. He’d always been there, through the years, doing just that. Hearing it like that, though. Not as just the sort of thing that happens in the heat of the moment, in desperate circumstances, when you seem to be out of options, but as a conscious decision, made in full awareness of all there is to lose, in some quiet moment of safety at home.
He leaned in again, this time brushing slower, closer, stopping to nibble and tug at Castiel’s lip. A shudder ran through Cas, his body melted into Dean’s and a soft moan came up to meet the kiss. He made himself pull his head back for a second, studied the dazed but eager look in the blue eyes before him, the way his lips had parted slightly, the way his heart was racing against Dean's ribs.
As it turned out, however, it wasn’t as hard as he’d imagined. All he really needed to do was walk into a room in the morning and ask if there were any news about Miller, then sit back and let his coworkers talk. If he wanted to know how Miller had gotten along with Brown he’d express concern that wherever he was, whatever he might be suffering, he was probably worried about Brown, unsure if she was alive. Sure enough, somebody would pipe up with information about how they had not been partners for very long, but Miller had seemed very protective of Brown in their short partnership. A question about whether there was someone who should be contacted about Miller’s disappearance, perhaps a girlfriend Cas didn’t know about, someone he could bring some comfort to, and another voice would chime in with how since his divorce he really hadn’t been involved with anyone. And more often than not a quiet nod of interest would suffice to encourage them to elaborate. So it went all day, probing and letting them slip into gossip. At a personal level, there didn’t appear to be a motive.
Great. Why was Dean bringing them into this? Wrong kind of relationship. He was going to confuse Cas like this.
“Now, I know what you’re thinking. But Dean, that’s not admissible in court. You can’t just bug an office and record important business matters. Of course not. However, I just brought in a sweet treat” he pointed helpfully to the pastries “with a cute bug" likewise to the tiny plush bee "so that we could save the memory of our romantic reunion after being apart so long. You know, like all those adorable videos you see of soldiers coming back home and surprising their kids. How was I to know you’d come barging in here confessing to all sorts of felonies? Anyway, the tape is not for court. It’s for Cas. And Charlie. I’m not an expert here, but I bet, in the right hands, that tape could do a number on your stock market value, yes?”
Security was approaching from the information booth. The Doctor walked by the booth where they stopped to check out the light sabers, knitted scarf stopping just short of dragging on the floor.
Dean nodded. He hadn’t meant to run away, just to get his shit under control. But after what he’d done the first time they’d lived together, well… he couldn’t really blame Cas for thinking of it that way. If making it a rule that they had to talk about it would help, then he supposed it was fair. He’d made the mess. He should help clean it up.
“He wouldn’t want to know. He’d work at not knowing. Distract himself from it, keep busy with another hookup, or another patient. Maybe drink too much, tell himself it was just the booze. Just so long as he didn’t look at it too closely, it wouldn’t be real.”
Somehow, a minute or a century later (they couldn't quite tell), Cas was on his back in the seat with Dean on top of him when the light flashing across their windows brought them back to reality.
Over the next month, there were other incidents. Mostly small and far less remarkable. But they were noticed, and Dean was becoming something of a legend at the station. Which is why Cas wasn’t especially surprised when the captain herself asked Dean to assist in the setup of a sting. And Dean was a protector at heart, Cas knew, so it surprised him even less when Dean agreed to come down and help them plan it.
Cas wasn’t sure how much he should tell the captain about all this. He still couldn’t actually prove Miller was anything but a victim here. Passing along his suspicions might well get put him in the hot seat. Or at the business end of a bullet. But if Miller really was planning some sort of attack on Comic Con, how much could Cas do without the support of the station? Could he even get the weekend off, given that there was a big event and Miller was still missing? And if he could, could Cas, Charlie and Dean alone stop him?
Well before Cas walked into the garage, the smell of something delicious flooded the room and got everyone’s attention. Which is why when he came through the door, everyone was staring, slack jawed, in his direction. Also why they ignored his face, his guitar, and in fact everything else to focus entirely on the basket in his hands.
And right on cue, the staff had announced the egg rolls were ready and they were off. Muttering about what a spoilsport he was, Jones and his (buddy? son?) allowed themselves to be led away, looking for a service door.
“Larceny, actually. We have evidence that you have been taking a very large chunk of your son’s paycheck since he graduated and started working here. By all accounts, given what we’ve uncovered, Castiel paid back his loans in full about 3 years ago. Everything you’ve taken after that would be unlawfully taken.”
The hand on Castiel’s hip slid around to the small of his back, and Cas leaned closer in response, eyes fixed on Dean’s lips now, drawn like a moth to a flame.
“it’s pretty rough for him too. I get it, I remember what it was like when you couldn’t go to the school your friends went to.”
“This is a great idea, Dean. Thank you. How are your own plans going? Got some solid ideas there? Anything I can help with?”
“I love your back seat.” He says, his voice lower than it was a few minutes ago, his lips hovering like they can’t quite decide where to land first.
“You make a fair point.” And he took another step forward, crowding Dean until he was almost backed up into his door, his fingers biting hard into Castiel’s hips, trying to get him closer somehow. “I hadn’t thought of that. This is definitely the best possible use of your hypervigilance.”
“I know, but this is important. So, new alpha rule. I will not claim or imply a relationship to another omega without your prior consent. And new omega rule. If something bothers you so much that you feel like you need to run away, even if it’s just into another room, it’s not stupid. And you have to tell me, so I can fix it. Fair?”
“Maybe. Or cover up heavy traffic noise, maybe. Like what you might get if you were calling from downtown,” Cas finally got out of the car, closing the door behind him.
Naomi sputtered in outrage, and turned towards the door, no doubt to make what would have been a dramatic exit, except that Donna and Benny were standing there, shoulders against the sides of the door.
He glanced at Sammy, only to find Sam had shuffled around a bit, so he could sign to Eileen. Commenting on the sappy glances between himself and Cas, maybe? But he didn’t seem to be paying any attention to them, and he paused when the words did. Signing the words to her, then. Smooth, his little brother. He was going to take credit for that.
The good news is, we're getting close to done here. The bad news is, I had to break up the Con chapter, so here's the first part. I'll try to get part two out in the next day or two.
He watched the officers arrest the man and load him up into the back of a cruiser. Another cruiser, with the boy’s mother, would be meeting them by the front door soon. He went back to the food court, where he found Dean and Dennis sitting at a table eating ice cream.
“Well, well, well, Cas. These sure are some interesting classes. You know, someone might say you’re teaching omegas how to fight back.”
Dean’s hands reached out to settle on Castiel’s hip and waist, gently, slowly, allowing him time and space to slip away if he wanted to.
Dean had led him inside, showed him around the living area, and then the kitchen. They enjoyed a beer there, making casual conversation. That is, until Dean straightened up and turned serious.
Charlie looked. From where they stood they could see two R2-D2 droids moving around among the people in the food court, and at least one in the vendor booth area they had recently left.
Cas made his way up to the roof access as quickly as he could, stopping briefly outside the door to catch his breath before opening the door.
“I have one more question for you, before you lose you to the taffy,” Jody cut in. "Do you want to press charges?”
He wasn’t sure what time it was, and he didn’t feel like moving yet to check. He was comfortable, warm, and for a bit he was going to just lay there and daydream. At least, that was the plan, but the nurse breezed in, dropped something on the bed, and started talking.
Hopefully, that would give him enough time to get himself together and keep his thoughts on track for this interrogation. But Dean slid into the driver’s seat of a mint condition 67 Impala, so maybe he should take the scenic route. Just to be sure.
“You won’t,” she shook her head dramatically, loosening one of her fake braid buns in the process. Then she leaned in a little, conspiratorially. “It’s because you’re the bad guy in this story. In the end, the bad guy always loses.”
“Don’t tell me who I am, Dean. You don’t know jack shit about who I am or what I am into. You never have. You never wanted to. From the very beginning it was all about what use I could be to you. That’s why now that I’m fast becoming useless you don’t bother to hide your disdain.”
Cas shamelessly squirms like he’s testing the seating, landing himself even closer than he had already been, and getting a breathless moan out of Dean in the process.
“Mrs. Novak, I presume?” Jody flipped to a new page on her notepad. “I’m Sheriff Mills, this is Deputy Singer. I would like a word with you about your son’s kidnapping.”
So here they were, in Benny’s garage, because nobody wants to move and set up a drum set If they don’t have to. So far, two whole people had shown up, from the town over, and they had largely failed to impress. In fairness, most musicians who were likely to impress wouldn’t really be looking for a band that aspired mostly to rocking the garage and maybe some local event or open mic night. Nobody had any illusions that they were going to be on TV someday here. No, they went to band practice the way other people went to church. To feel like they belonged to something greater than themselves. To do something that took them out of their petty problems for a few hours and reminded them of all the wonderful things life had to offer. There probably weren’t a lot of good musicians out there that didn’t aspire to more.
“I could have handled everything and shrugged it off if we could work through it. What I couldn’t handle was the feeling that you didn’t want me around anymore. That there was no working through that.”
He studied his closet again, trying to decide what to wear. Another blue shirt?  Maybe yesterday’s runner up? It was a paler shade, but he could wear the cobalt tie with it. He’d ditch that after they were done with the interviews, probably. Before they went on to the date portion.
“Now that you’re awake there’s something you need to know before you start interacting with other people here.” Castiel paused, as if to make sure he had Dean’s undivided attention.
“I was gone for 5 years and you never called. I put my life on the internet for the world to see and you didn’t watch. We’re not even really friends anymore, Dean. We’re not really anything anymore. What on Earth makes you think you get any kind of say in my life?”
They were lined up to get some Sundaes after spending an hour or two at the arcade, when Dean started looking around.
He felt Castiel nose at his neck, inhaling deeply, learning the smell. Then Cas was shifting again. His hands held Dean more purposefully, and his legs started to lift. Dean locked his own legs around Castiel’s waist, held on to his shoulders, and took his time scenting.
Behind him, Brown’s feed was now showing horizontal street lights and vertical sidewalks. Something dark was oozing into view along the edge of the screen.
“I know, unreal, right? I got the recipe from a little old grandma in Turkey. The secret is in the butter. And the kitchen towel.”
And sure, Charlie might have launched on a detailed explanation of why the trigger was actually a bad analogy here, but Dean was already looking around.
“I want you all up in my space when we watch TV, and I want to curl up in your lap when I have a freak out, and I want to make out with you in the back of the SUV or anywhere where we can have privacy, and I want everyone to know that – that
“My first complete memory is of the day my world went to hell. I was 4. There’s some memory fragments before that, basic happy family stuff. But my first real memory is of the night my house burned down. My dad put the baby in my arms and told me to save him. Then he went to try to save my mom. She didn’t make it.”
Castiel’s eyes flew to the notes he’s been making, and then to the original interview report. Both times she had indicated that she lived alone.
Dean headed for the tape deck, cockiness all over his face and stride, and a smile that told Cas he was teasing when he mumbled over his shoulder:
Castiel bit down, the taste of Dean’s blood on his tongue driving him wild. He lifted his head and shifted his weight and he was suddenly moving inside Dean, his body wanting to claim and mark him in every possible way. He felt Dean’s hands shift on his head, guide him away from the bite, and he heard himself whimper. And then Dean’s teeth were brushing across his throat, seeking. Cas bared his own throat, as Dean had done a moment before, and then Dean’s teeth were sinking in, just as his knot was sinking into Dean, and the sensations were so thrilling together that he felt himself shudder and tense. A few more strokes, and he lost all sense of reality.
“He told me everything. You’re not going to like it, and he might never forgive me for telling you, but you need to know.”
“Are we eating it now? I mean, I thought we would eat it after practice, since everyone probably already had breakfast.”
He leaned closer now, turning his head to brush ever so slightly against Castiel’s neck, his nose momentarily nuzzling under his chin, slightly tipping his head in the process.
Castiel spoke to manager first, though it was the driver he really wanted to talk to. The man was anxious to get everyone on a new bus and on their way and had been waiting in the parking lot. They went over the information they had so far. A call had come in that there was a bomb in the engine compartment of the bus leaving for Cleveland. There were no demands, no angry rants, no ransom requests. Nothing like that. Just that there was a bomb, and where to find it. Which, honestly, didn’t make sense. You don’t go to all the trouble to plant a bomb just to tell someone else where to find it.
“I thought I might never see you again after that day. Walking away was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.”
Cas was even earlier than usual. He made his way through the quiet hallways to his office, his mind full of plans. He would check his emails. He would review his notes from his previous classes and the roster for the classes he had today. He would look over his new case files to make sure he was familiar enough with them that he could be a good teacher to his charges. He would absolutely not waste any of his time today wondering if Dean was still in Eden.
But Castiel’s lips were right there, now, and suddenly all the tension exploded. Talk? He could barely whine. Suddenly the storm was raging, and Dean was powerless to do anything but hold himself together and hope that the whimpers he couldn’t hold back would speak for him.
“Yeah, yeah,” Benny grouched. “I get it.” But Donna could see his smile. Everyone was ready. It was showtime.
Okay, he really needed to snap out of it. He shook his head harder. Dammit, he was an adult, and he could do this.
“Advanced aerobics is great, it is. Everyone should know some of that. But I think it’s important to note there are a lot of things around most omegas that could be used as weapons, if they know how. Kitchen knives, mop handles, skillets… just off the top of my head. A few solid moves with those could give an omega an important edge, especially if they’re outnumbered.”
“I’ll be going through my stuff, taking some of it with me, and I’ll be visiting once in a while, making sure the place doesn’t rot. Frankly, it doesn’t look like anyone’s been there in months, at least. I don’t know why he doesn’t just sell it, now that I don’t live there anymore.”
“The bottom line is,” Dean turned to Cas again. “That’s not a fan cosplaying Vader. That’s someone hiding in plain sight.”
“You had us worried, just up and disappearing like that overnight,” Garth’s smile dropped for a moment. “There were all kinds of rumors at school. The tamest version involved an alien abduction. Some of us were worried you might have been murdered or something. It didn’t seem like you to just up and disappear.”
Could Sammy sound any more confusing? Dean took a deep breath and finished walking into the room. Cas and Sam were looking at that look Dr. Sexy and Nurse Frank had shared. There were snacks and beers handy, so it looked like they meant to watch the rest, and as Dean himself had been too stunned to get much beyond that yesterday, he grabbed a beer for himself and sat down on the sofa.
And as he spoke, he worked his left arm carefully under Dean’s body, then slid the right under his legs. Realizing he’d not thought to open the passenger door, and that there were two other doors to get through, he told the nurse to get the doors for him and started to walked out. Not knowing what else to do, and responding to the command in his voice, the nurse opened the doors as they went.
Dean’s arrival, Dean being the last one there, brought them back to the present moment and they set up to practice. Getting some of the practicalities done first, they got everyone’s number into each of their phones, friended each other on social media, and started a group chat. They tossed some band names around, but then decided that maybe they should decide first what songs they’d be playing. Classic rock covers, for the most part. But they all agreed they’d like to try a few originals.
Cas laughed again, this time a sort of desperate irony, and allowed himself to be led towards the bedrooms.
He made himself rest, made himself stop thinking about the nurse, and instead focus on going home with Cas. What would it be like, this home? Would they eat together? They couldn’t very well get to know each other better if they didn’t hang out, right?
“It was a few months ago. I was out for a walk one evening and noticed a runaway truck a few blocks back. It ran a red light, that’s what got my attention. But as I followed it I could see it was out of control. There was almost a pattern, like someone was trying, but couldn’t hold on long enough.”
“Those things are meant to be background noise. It would have to be really close to the phone to be heard that well,” Cas reasoned.
be scared. You smell delicious when you’re scared,” Cas was directly behind the omega now, leaning in as if to whisper something. But before he could say anything, there was a flash of movement, and then a loud thud followed by complete silence.
“Get me a sketch artist,” he directed, “I got a really good look at him. We can do better than this picture.”
And Ok, Castiel was very glad Dean wasn’t actually a suspect because that’s not what he was thinking at all.
Suddenly he knew what he was going to do with it. He would keep it, and others like it, as a record of all the places he’d been. A reminder to himself of how far he’d gone. And if he secretly fantasized about showing them off to Dean as evidence that he wasn’t some naïve child who had never gone anywhere, well… he had just had his heart broken. He was going to give himself permission to be petty about it for a few days. He grabbed a box of cookies from the trunk, and a bottle of water. It was hardly a nutritious breakfast, but it would do. And Cas trimmed the video while he ate. He didn’t know how far he’d end up going, but he would need the room for more videos before he was done.
Dean found his foot tapping along to the beat, sometimes brushing Castiel’s shoe under the table. He felt Cas move his leg a bit, placing his foot where Dean would brush it more consistently, all quiet and collected and pretty as you please, and Dean locked his foot around Castiel’s and instead started moving his head to the beat instead.
Cas gave it a moment’s thought, then looked at the driver’s lips with naked speculation in his eyes.
“Probably shouldn’t have let me use the bathroom either,” Dean whispered back. “There’s a kid’s toothbrush in there. Just sitting in a cup on top of the sink.”
arts and crafts teacher explain how if you really hate the picture on your ID, now that you’re done contouring and got the exact look you want, you can change the picture on there right at home.
But Lisa did not in fact need help with anything and Dean just ended up at his laptop, watching more of Castiel’s travels. After about the third video, he subscribed to the channel. There was something really special about the quiet, peaceful way Cas just delighted in the wonders of nature. But all of them, at some point or another, had a least a few notes of that song in it, so switched it up, thinking that maybe in the city videos he could get away from that tune.
“Delivery for Mr. Novak,” she chirped, for the millionth time today, it seemed like. Her small business would never, she resolved, ever, deliver.
Cas would probably have a headache when he got up. He was pretty trashed. Dean could make sure he had some of his special hangover cure ready. And instead of finding a Queen CD, he’d get Sam to download some songs to Dean’s phone. Then Cas could hear them when he wasn’t in the car. Actually, he couldn’t sleep anyway. He might as well get up and find those songs.
He went over what Castiel had said, and how easily he had taken responsibility for what had gone wrong between them before. Cas wasn’t wrong exactly, in his assessment of the situation. But he was also not entirely fair. Dean had been scared, in a way, and if he had felt safe things might have been very different, sure. But it wasn’t Cas he was scared of. And if he was honest, he wasn’t sure that there was anything Cas could have done to make him feel safe. Cas should know that.
The video started with Cas standing near the edge of the canyon. You couldn’t really see the trail, but Dean knew it had to be there. He was far from all the touristy areas, not another person in sight. No glass walkways, no cameras. Just Cas, and the stunning scenery. And then he was fast descending into the canyon as if on the wings of an eagle (or an angel), and he was looking up at the towering walls, the colorful layers glowing brightly in the sun. He still hadn’t spoken at all.
Who was walking around right now? He hadn’t noticed the doors opening to admit any late arrivals (and he would have), and it hadn’t been long enough for someone to be heading for the bathroom or popcorn stand.
He fast forwarded to the part where the crowd was exiting the theater. He was hoping for more information but in the crush of people, he couldn’t spot a set of clothes on an average guy with no face.
He was sorting through LPs when a notification on his phone told him a new video had been shared by Angel of Solitude. He pulled it up and there it was. It was called “No one to share it with”. Dean leaned against the cabinet he was looking through and hit play.
had done. No charges were being pressed. There was no reason to treat him like a potential suspect. He did it anyway. Just out of habit.
“He's already put me in a mood by leaving town and the state in the first place. You have a legal team, right? You know you're not supposed to leave the state when you're a person of interest in an investigation?" she looked ready to make a note of the answer. Megan just stood there, without saying a word.
And just like that he was looking at a closed bedroom door. Dean slumped back against the wall and let gravity pull him down.
On day 2 he was not going to settle for just footwork. When Cas lunged, Dean was there, dodging, spinning, and getting his hands on Cas. Practicing counters, of course. That’s all. Just practicing some basic moves to effectively stop an attacker getting his hands on him. By pinning the attacker’s arm behind his back, maybe. And if he was clumsy enough to sometimes end up pressed right up into Cas in the process, well… that’s why he needed practice.
“No occasion,” Cas answered. “Just thought since I bragged about my mean apple pie, I’d bring one for everyone to enjoy.”
If Charlie smirked a bit at that, well, she had a vivid imagination. Cas was not leaving without the ACDC tee for one. Plus there were a few more things he’d need. He wouldn’t be hiding this time. He should take the valuables out of his safe, clean out his fridge. He had no intention of coming back any time soon. There was no need to leave a mess.
He was half way up the stairs when he head Cas following. He picked up the pace. He just needed a minute alone to get himself together, that was all. Just a minute. Just had to get to his room.
“I’m not making you do anything, Dean. However…” and here he dropped his voice significantly. “I will make it worth your while if you do.”
Cas offered to do the dishes, being the only one that hadn’t cooked, and Sam went to pick out a movie, leaving Dean standing in the kitchen. After a moment he grabbed a kitchen towel and started drying the dishes in easy silence while Cas rambled about how much he enjoyed his new mp3 player and some of the songs he hadn’t heard before.
He’d sat down on a fair size boulder, and it had been warm from the sun. He hadn’t realized how badly he needed the comfort. He ended up sitting on the grass, his back against the warm rock. When he came back the next day he brought a blanket to lay on, and lay down on the grass, with the warm rock at his back. He ended up dozing off and when in that moment between full sleep and alertness, he thought he was back home, with Castiel’s warm body behind him, and the scent of crushed wildflowers and morning dew all around him. He’d been coming here every day since. When he could, he lay down for a nap.
He didn’t look around, not even when he felt Castiel’s hand touch his arm, trying to stop him. Dean dodged and moved faster.
He headed for the door to get Cas but found the droid rolling past him towards Charlie before he was back in the vendor area. He stopped, turned to follow it with his eyes and saw three others advancing from other directions.
Dean turned back to his room, hanging on to that smile to float him until he could spend some time with Cas later. Who could ever see him like this and be afraid of Cas? Honestly, how stupid did you have to be?
“I meant to cook, but I was too tired. I ordered us some pizza. Should be here in about 15 minutes.”
And before he could reason with himself there it was again. The faint noise of a footstep. And another. This time he knew exactly where it was coming from, and he looked, prepared to glare at the man (he could tell it was a man) full of righteous indignation for the distraction. But still, nobody was visible. And then he saw it. Someone stood up from where he had been crouching. The light from the screen revealed a young man in a heavy coat entirely inappropriate for the weather. Probably just trying to sneak in some candy bars and beef jerky, right?
