Cas rushes to the table to snatch the salt can and then hustles to Dean’s bag, rifling through it until he finds the lighter. Across the room, Dean whimpers and Cas freezes when he catches sight of him. He’s visibly sweating, a pained expression on his face, gripping the front of his chest.
“I’ve prepared for this, it was inevitable.” Cas thinks about the Djinn-dream, how in every universe humanity is a part of his future and Dean is always the cause.
Dean flashes him a thumbs up over his shoulder and then he’s gone, the door slamming a little too hard behind him, and Cas can’t help but laugh.
“Cas?” Dean yells, from the base of the stairs. He glances down the dark hallway -- nothing -- and waits for a response, but the only sound is the quiet creak of the house settling.
Cas isn’t healing as easily as he used to and it worries Dean what that may mean in the coming months. If there’s one thing Dean learned recently it’s that life is too short to be angry, or to leave things unsaid.
Dean smiles at her, wide and genuine. The mess that was their lives, the Winchester family curse, finally coming to a close. All that they sacrificed and did to save the world, maybe it did mean something. Maybe all the pain was worth it for eternal happiness.“That’s good, I’m glad Mom.”
“Let me,” Cas states. Breaking Verna’s connection with Dean took a lot out of him, but a little grace has replenished, enough that he can take care of their mess. He closes his eyes, concentrating, and sends a burst of grace through Dean’s arm, making sure it cycles through both of them before pulling back. Sure enough, they’re clean.
“I did. I’m okay.” Cas’ fingers itch to reach out, to take Dean’s hand and soothe the worry from him with a touch. But he can’t do that here, and that’s something he’ll have to accept.
Cas blinks at him, an unreadable expression passing over his face before he sighs, sitting up a little bit. “That’s alright.”
Cas moves from his spot on the bed and walks over to the picture, picking it up to examine it. This is where Dean finds him, staring at a photo of the two of them on their wedding day, a dazed look on his face.
, setting it carefully on the player until it starts spinning and the first guitar strums drift out of the speaker. He sits on the couch, bottle in his hand dripping condensation onto his fingers. Cas settles next to him, as close as he dares, allowing their thighs to press close together. Miracle jumps onto Dean’s lap, spinning around until she finds a comfortable spot. She rests her nose on Cas’ thigh, looking up at him with particularly expressive puppy eyes.
Later, after the dust settles, Chuck vanishing to who knows where bringing them back to square one, Eileen leaves, taking a piece of Sam’s heart with her. Dean tries to talk to him, tries to ease the ache. He doesn’t tell him he gets it, even though he does, more acutely than Sam might realize. But Sam has tunnel-vision, more intent on finding a solution to the Chuck-problem than dealing with whatever mess of emotion going on in that head of his.
Dean finds the problem with Baby easy enough, well-practiced from fixing her over the years even in this false universe. The whole process takes longer than necessary as Cas’ presence becomes more of a distraction than an asset. Every time Dean slides out from under the car, shirt damp and slick against his chest, he’s entirely too distracting. Cas can’t help how his gaze openly travels down Dean’s body. He is... something else, and the oil smudges on his cheeks and biceps shouldn’t make the visual even more appealing. But it’s Dean, who manages to make everything look attractive.
Eventually, they do actually shower; it’s languid, washing each other’s hair and sharing casual touches while they rinse away the sweat of the day. It’s the first time Cas has ever showered with anyone, and it’s strangely more intimate than anything sexual that took place beforehand. Allowing Dean to see him, naked as he is, makes him feel incredibly vulnerable. He wonders if it’s the human shame in him coming out, or if Dean’s open acceptance and visible love for him is too jarring to take in all at once.
Dean pulls over onto the shoulder, parking in a small oval of gravel next to the steps of the church. Baby pings and pops beneath him as she starts to cool down.
Eternity is dark, a soundless landscape full of endless sleep. Until, one day, Castiel hears a voice. Quiet at first, shuddered sobs echoing the sound of his name. Familiar, a friend.
“I know, but when you’re there it feels real. When I got hit by a Djinn, it took a lot to get me to realize it wasn’t, how did you get out?” Dean asks.
Snowflakes float down from the sky, spiraling in midair, landing in Cas’ hair. The metal bench under him is icy, the snow-melt soaking through his pant legs but he barely feels the chill. Inside him a burning has started in the shape of Dean’s name, a tiny snuff of a fire, intensifying with every passing second.
“Yeah, I know... I just...” Dean trails off. He sucks in a shaky breath and gathers all of his courage. “There’s something I gotta tell you.”
It doesn’t matter, not anymore. Dean will hold Cas’ words in the deepest part of his heart forever even if he learns that Cas no longer feels as he once did. He changed Cas, and Cas changed him. If anything, he owes it to his best friend to become the kind of man Cas loved. Thankfully, he has all of eternity to fully and freely become himself, to learn to love who he is.
“She has. She seems to like you,” Dean adds. Miracle proves his point, sitting right on top of Cas shoe, wagging her tail, and staring up at him rather adoringly.
She sighs, looking rather bored with him, and clacks away on her laptop, long fingernails amplifying the sound. “Sorry sugar, looks like we’ve only got a king left. Busy night tonight, there’s a rodeo in town tomorrow.”
Paul answers on the fourth knock. He’s pajama-clad, eyes red-rimmed with huge dark bags underneath. “Can I help you?”
Castiel can’t answer his own mind, why of all the humans in the entirety of creation that it’s Dean that gets to him. In less than a hundred years Dean will die like all the others, gone back to dust and Castiel will live on for millions of years, with only Dean’s memory tied to his grace, an invisible string, keeping Dean with him, always.
It’s selfish of him to stay longer than he should, but if he’s going to die and not get this sort of life with Dean, having it for a brief time will have to be good enough.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “I mean, if by hopeful you mean lots of sex and graphic descriptions of assless chaps, then yeah.”
Reaching down, Dean helps Cas along, slipping his belt loose and dipping his hand beneath the waistband of Cas’ pants.
There’s frustration and uncertainty in Dean’s tone. Cas wants nothing more to soothe that worry, instead, he knows his words will only bring pain.  After Purgatory, they’d been doing so well together. Better than ever. Even though Cas craved more, he was content with what Dean gave him. If this is the final straw, at least he will have been honest. He’s always loved Dean too much; it’s only fitting that it’s that love that drives them apart.
His gaze travels to the next picture, one of him and Dean. Their hands are enclasped, bodies angled towards each other, and foreheads touching. Both of them are wearing tuxes, though Cas’ tie is the old blue he’s had since the beginning, pressed neatly against his chest. The same band currently sitting heavy on Cas’ finger glints in the light of the picture. Dean’s grinning and Cas finds a matching smile on his own face. In the background, there are silhouettes of family and friends and twinkle lights hanging high above their heads.
“You’re wrong,” Cas says. “Dean!” The blade bangs against Cas’ wrist. “I know you can hear me, you don’t want to hurt me.”
“It wasn’t you. He begged me to stay and a part of me wanted to even with all of the wrong things because I wanted what he gave me that I know you can’t. I want the real you. The one I pulled from hell so many years ago, the one I died for, the one I gave up everything for to stand by his side. No one else.”
“Yeah, maybe.” Dean’s jaw ticks and he fights back the urge to argue, his self-loathing creeping up on him. After what Cas told him, he’s tried hard to fight back against it, but it keeps rearing its ugly head. “Anyway, how are you doing?”
“Does this mean you’ll wear the sunhat in the garden with me? Stand there, look pretty and hand me flower seeds?” Cas asks.
“Yes.” Cas won’t dare look at him, not now. He focuses on the quick thump of his own heart in his chest, slowly feeling like he’s falling over the precipice. There’s a gap of silence, louder with the gravity of what’s being said between them.
He’s reeling with the realization that he barely hears Cas suggest that they continue moving, that the Leviathan are still on their trail. He’s bursting with the need to tell him, to make sure Cas heard his pray earlier too.
Dean wears the sunhat, like Cas wanted him to, and lets the drawstring loops hang loose and wanders around the garden shirtless. Purposefully being a tease while Cas tries to focus and gets his hands dirty digging in the soil and planting new shoots. He steals glances at Dean, relishing in the way his heart skips a beat when their hands touch during the transfer of seeds. Cas has his own sun hat on too, which matches Dean’s, but his hat has a ribbon patterned with little honeybees wrapped around the base of the crown.
Arching down, Dean kisses Cas for the first time. He expects the universe to implode, for Chuck to appear behind them and drag Cas away from him. Instead, he hears Cas sigh, and his hand clings to Dean’s hip. Everything falls away around them but the taste of stardust on Cas’ tongue. Dean feels right, he finally feels
In the morning, when Dean heads down to the Impala,  he finds Cas already waiting for him. He looks a little worse for wear, eyes drooping and visibly tired. Considering he has what's left of his grace back, this isn’t a good sign. Dean’s tempted to put a stop to this whole hunt and send another pair of hunters on it right up until Cas claps a hand on Dean’s shoulder and asks with a small smile, “So what do we know?”
Miracle paces between them, excited at this new person who has come into Dean’s life. She’s already taken to him, bumping against Cas’ legs and trying to nuzzle his hand.
“So, is the ghost traveling around from mirror to mirror by jumping people? Or is it just this specific mirror?” Dean asks.
“Not yet,” Cas answers instantly, a little harder than he intended. “I’m not sure I’ll ever be ready to.”
Dean blinks, confused, and glances down as if seeing the wound for the first time. He laughs and shakes his head, focusing back in on Cas. “It’s nothing, you okay?”
Kicking the mirror flat onto the floor, Cas dumps the entire can of salt on top of his reflection. He flicks the lighter a few times and it doesn’t budge. He steals a glance at Dean -- still him, but he’s fading fast. Finally, on try five, the lighter bursts to life and Cas drops the whole thing right on top of the mirror.
He’d never told Cas when he found her, but it took little prodding from Sam to learn that Dean had found her a day after Cas was taken, that she was a spot of brightness in a word devoid of color. Dean hadn’t been okay, he’d tried to act strong, up against Chuck and the fate of the world in the palm of their hands.
He drives the knife home, straight through his own heart. Pain sears through his flesh, and he isn’t sure if the scream that follows is his own or Dean’s.
“I’m alright,” Cas states. He yawns wide, then pushes open the door. “I still need to tend to your wound.”
Cas looks up at him, momentarily startled. He smiles when he sees Dean, glances down at his book to dog-ear the page, and then closes it with a quiet clap.
Dean quirks an eyebrow and fights back a laugh. He picks at the hole in the vinyl of the booth next to his thigh, watching Cas’ slow reaction and then, sudden understanding. But he only squints at the menu, suddenly very interested in reading all the items. “Uhm..” he falters, briefly glancing up at Addie and then quickly looking back down again when he notices the slight blush on her cheeks. “I’ll have the same as him.”
“Let me,” Cas says. He squeezes Dean’s shoulder once, and doesn’t miss the relieved smile Dean gives him.
“It’s great, so much better than that mess of memories it was before. You and Jack really worked some magic, feels just like living, but freer.”
“You think this hunt will help?” Sam taps away on his computer and then rotates the laptop, sliding it over to Dean so he can look.
Doubt is a fickle thing. At the first instance of it growing inside him, intertwining with his grace, Castiel leaves. He flies away from Earth, the planes of heaven to the far stretches of the galaxy until he’s outside looking in -- far from his brethren and most importantly, Dean. Here, the Milky Way exists as a twirling speck of dust, sparkling with thousands of stars, all in the process of dying, some of which Castiel placed with his own hand, spun into existence from sun-rays, morphed into stardust.
. It feels different from any other dream he’s had in the past, and yet whenever Dean touches him there’s no semblance of a mirage as there is in dreams. Everything feels real.
Ignoring every word coming out of Dean’s mouth, Cas continues walking away from him. He reaches the drawer next to the sink, flings it open, and rifles through it, looking for a knife that will do the trick.
Instead, Dean takes the back roads, curving in zigzag patterns along the Nebraska border down to Kansas. Beside him Cas sits in the passenger seat, stoic and silent. Sam drove back with Eileen, said they needed to talk about what went down back there, what Chuck
Dean pauses, and the knife scrapes over the cutting board. He looks up at Cas, a quizzical look on his face. “Not really, though I’ve been thinking lately of creating my own bar. As you know, from when you and Sam were in my mind, that’s sorta been a dream of mine.”
For a moment, Dean forgets about God, about the oncoming end of everything, and there’s nothing but him and Cas and Nebraska.
earlier,” Dean says, with disgust, gesturing at the mirror. "It felt cold, like someone had put it in the freezer to chill for a while before making a nice margarita.”
A pause, then seconds of silence, broken by a guttural snarl and heavy running stomps as the djinn — Dean assumes — takes off running out of the house.
Dean flashes his badge and out of the corner of his eye sees Cas do the same, right side up this time. He’s a natural. “FBI. Agent Perry and my partner Agent Tyler. Do you have some time to talk to us about Sally? We understand everything is still fresh, but if you’d like to talk to us, we want to try and help figure out what went on here.”
Because Dean is courteous and a great best friend, he grabs one of those pre-heated convenience store burgers for Cas and a blue raspberry ICEE.
You bought Texas Star beer instead of El Sol, sang Rush under your breath when doing dishes. It was just
“Cas! Hey, buddy, hey it’s okay. You’re alright.” Dean’s palm is warm on his neck and cheeks, fingers rubbing circles into his jaw.
Dean’s chest aches as a wave of familiarity and a sense of home fills him. He’s still Cas, still Dean’s best friend, and the love of his goddamn life.
The door to the room whips open. The djinn is unlike any Dean has ever seen before. Barely human and old, skin wrinkled and thin, like a walking skeleton joined the Blue Man Group. Dean barely has time to stagger to his feet before the djinn is on him, glowing hand outstretched, reaching for Dean, chapped mouth curved up into a sardonic smile. With a jolt of his knee to the djinn’s stomach, Dean pushes the djinn off of him and rolls up to his knees. The djinn cries out, landing on it’s back near the door, but recovers quickly, rushing forward to try and tackle Dean. He sees the move coming and throws a shoulder out, standing to his feet with the momentum and shoving the djinn out the door and into the hallway.
“Dean, are you alright?” Cas kneels next to him. Adrenaline and worry make him move without thinking, and he cradles Dean’s cheek with his palm. His skin is damp and clammy to the touch, he’s trembling, and Cas has to hold himself back from pulling Dean into his arms.
Something’s missing for Dean, that Cas knows. Something that makes his supposed eternal happiness a little less than perfection. Cas intended this place to be everything Dean could have ever wanted, so he makes it his mission to figure out what
More likely than not, Dean would have laughed the incident off, attributed it to sleeping in close quarters and Cas’ uncontrollable urges in his vulnerable state.
“Where should I start?” Paul asks, and Dean hears how lost he sounds, the weight of Sally’s death still so vivid. He knows how that feels, to be so completely numb and yet feel everything at the same time. He briefly looks over at Cas, remembering how he’d felt when Cas died a few years ago and the anguish he felt. Dean clears his throat and refocuses.
The ice bucket falls from Cas’ fingers, clattering to the floor, and he crosses to Dean, who is still on his knees near the wall. He’s panting and shaking, and it’s difficult to see even if he’s likely fine now.
They make out for a while through the aftershocks, trading wet kisses, more tongue than lips, sharing breath and holding each other until the water starts to run lukewarm.
“Oh,” Cas replies, suddenly very awake and aware of the hot rush of embarrassment rapidly spreading through his body. He moves his hands and Dean slips out of bed, padding into the other room. Cas’ cheeks feel hot, but he doesn’t dare open his eyes until he hears the bathroom door click shut.
. Cas surges forward to kiss him, claiming Dean’s mouth and messily kissing his face, any part of his skin Cas can reach.
Dean leans in and pushes the pads of two fingers up to the reflective surface. It’s ice cold and stings his fingers, making them bright red when he pulls back in shock. Cas meets his eyes with a knowing look, subtle enough that it isn’t noticed by Paul.
He lets his eyes fall shut, briefly, and when he opens them again Dean is dozing, lips parted, hands folded up under the pillow like he’s praying. Fluorescent green flickers over his forehead from the motel sign outside, creating a kaleidoscope of patterns on his skin, like sigils, like he’s holy. To Cas he always has been.
Dean’s eyelids start fluttering and his fingers rub absentmindedly on Cas’ forearm. He must be dreaming, something happy, not like the nightmares that normally torment him more often than Cas would like. When Cas was at full power he’d use it to ease those dreams. Dean’s snoring stops and he hugs Cas tighter against him, the blankets shifting with them.
Dean leaves Sam to his laptop and God-search and wanders through the hallways, looking for Cas. He finds Cas exactly where he expected him to be, in the smaller back section of the library, sitting in one of the comfy love seats with a small book opened between his hands. From the looks of the cover -- a sinewy shirtless cowboy with an askew hat atop his head, holding a woman in a bright pink dress tight in his arms -- it’s a romance novel. Dean shakes his head, smiling to himself. Cas can be so strange sometimes.
“Cas I--” Dean reaches over and finds Cas’ open palm on the seat waiting for him. He tangles his fingers between Cas’ and holds on tight, letting the warmth of Cas’ hand in his give him strength.
long ago, but I was waiting you know for shit to get better but it never did and it kept getting worse. There never seemed to be a time when things were okay and I’m tired of living for the future. And I know I don’t deserve you right now, after everything, but I love you and I want you in whatever way you’ll have me
Dean’s hands stroke up and down Cas’ back trying to bring their bodies closer, but there’s no space left between them. Kisses turn into open-mouthed panting, lips brushing, and foreheads pressed together. Slipping a hand between their bodies, Cas works his fist around their cocks and gives a few gentle strokes, gliding his thumb over the heads. From that simple touch, Dean comes, right onto Cas’ chest.
He steps up to the nearest tree, fingertips ghosting over the rough bark, looking for something to hold onto, to keep him from drowning.
He sings along, tapping his hands on the steering wheel while he merges onto the highway. The scenery is dreary today, rain spitting on the windshield. The windshield wipers squeak when they pass over the droplets. Cas alternates between looking out at the changing landscape from tall trees opening to rolling fields and bushy tumbleweeds.
Cas turns back to look at him, eyebrows arched in confusion. “What?” Sunrays cascade down the sleek back of his trench coat, dancing over the wooden floor when he moves.
“I’ll be ready,” Cas answers, giving Dean a tiny smile before glancing down at his book and flipping it open.
After seemingly endless walking, Dean grabs his phone out of his pocket, checking the timer: just over 29 minutes left before the portal closes.
It’s tempting to stay, despite the differences. Cas does yearn for something akin to this with the real Dean. They wouldn’t even need to live a normal apple pie life like this, he’d be content with hunting and being
It’s nearly sunset, the sun dipping low on the horizon. Cas headed outside a few minutes ago before Dean, mumbling something about wanting to feel the water on his feet and the spray on his cheeks. Dean looks for Cas now, scanning the beach until he spots him, standing at the edge of the surf — t-shirt whipping around in the wind, jeans rolled up to right underneath his knees — waves crashing over his bare feet. The setting sun casts golden rays through his wings, shooting prisms of orange across the sand when Cas’ wings flutter in the wind. Across the horizon, the sky lights up into a myriad of colors — deep oranges, tendrils of cerise clouds, and at the far edges of his vision, crimson blooms and then is doused by the waves. As the minutes pass and he watches Cas’ hands raise almost prayer-like, the sky changes too, colors intensifying and changing, becoming impossibly more beautiful.
Rapping twice on the front door, Dean waits, rocking back and forth on his heels. On the door there is a lace-edged door sign hanging a few feet above Dean’s head,
Dean kisses him properly then, gentle, a wet slide of their lips together that has Cas craving more when Dean pulls back.
“Yeah, weirdest thing. I came to hours later and she’s lying there on the ground next to me, eyes rolled back in her head,” Paul’s voice stutters and he glances away from Dean and Cas. “Dead. They’re staying strangulation, even marks on her neck, but there’s no way --” His voice trails off, too choked up to continue.
Dean falls to his knees, crying out in pain. “She’s one strong motherfucker, you gotta hurry. Get the lighter, it’s in the front pocket of my bag.”
“Cas?” Dean calls out. His voice echoes in the expanse of the trees, reverberating against the tree trunks. No answer.
Dean, but I know your memories, I can get it right. You can tell me when I fuck things up and I’ll do better. I
“How do you feel?” Cas asks, voice hoarse, breaking the silence between them. His fingers trace shapes and curve protection sigils down the line of Dean’s neck. His mouth follows, precious kisses bestowed upon bare skin. Grace is in each of them, zinging through Dean’s skin.
That gets his attention. Cas turns to look at him, eyes watery like he’s coming out of a daze. “Oh. I’m sorry. I must have been caught up in my thoughts.”
It’s grim and Cas pities her, that even in death she would be forced to relive trauma and force others to take revenge. But she was way off for some victims. Farren, for instance, never cheated but had been keeping the secret of her college acceptance from her family; according to police reports, she was planning on surprising them with the news later on in the summer. To Verna Johnson, this was a grave misdeed, and Farren lost her life for it at the hands of her own family.
Cas hums agreement, and pushes open the door, stepping out and heading towards the stairs. Close behind, Dean follows. Underneath his boots, the stairs creak, shifting precariously underneath him. Cas pauses at the landing and reaches up towards a small sign hanging crooked off the front door.
Cas rolls his eyes, more exaggerated than necessary, Dean thinks. “I’m aware, but it’s safer if I come with.”
Absentmindedly tapping his fingers on the steering wheel, Dean sidelong glances at Cas and finds Cas watching him.
Cas leans into the warmth of Dean’s lips on his skin and says, “We do.” He sets the picture down, careful to place it back where he found it, and turns to Dean.
Cas doesn’t say much as Dean shows him around, pausing to explain each of the decorations he’s hand-picked from his memories to place here — the pictures hung sporadically throughout the house, the record player, specific appliances so Dean can create different dishes, and the placement of his bed next to the window, optimal for being woken up by the sun.
Cas turns his head, nose nudging against Dean’s cheek. One of his hands slides up, palm covering Dean’s chest, right over his heart. A rush of warmth spreads out of his fingertips, grace pouring from him; sinking into Dean’s skin and into his soul. Tears spring to Dean’s eyes, he’s overwhelmed and filled with an unfathomable sense of peace. Cas doesn’t speak, but Dean hears him all the same, the timbre of his grace reverberating through Dean’s soul.
“Why do you keep trying? So stubborn,” Verna says, clucking her tongue. “You really should have stayed with the djinn, Castiel. At least there, he would have cared about you. Here, you’re just a burden.”
The trench coat hangs in the back of Cas’ closet, present but not to be worn. A reminder of what he was, of who he used to be. A sort of shedding of his past life. Even now, he has no need to change clothes, with a snap of his fingers he can be clean, but he enjoys the process of picking out things that make him look good, taking a shower and how the heat of the water warms his skin. Oddly enough, in Heaven he’s embraced the aspects of humanity more than he did when he was actually human.
They don’t say much, but sit in companionable silence. Cas gathers up his courage, soaks in the last precious moments of this life he can only have here in this fake world created by a monster, and then breaks it all down.
His mind drifts to Cas curled up around him in the same bed he finds himself in right now. The morning glow would be radiant on Cas’ cheeks, illuminating mussed hair and sleepy eyes, making him look far too human and vulnerable. If Dean had his way, he’d wake up next to Cas for the rest of eternity, content to kiss him awake and spend his mornings in bed letting Cas wake him up with his hands.
Cas sucks in a deep breath, darts his eyes down to his lap. He fidgets with his hands for a moment, gathering courage, and then begins. “I thought, at first, it wasn’t a dream. I thought Chuck was showing me some version of the future. It seemed logical he might try to trick me, convince me of a future where I could be happy.” He chuckles darkly, “How wrong I was.”
With his free hand, Cas reaches up and caresses the side of Dean’s cheek, thumb stroking down his jawline. Dean turns his face into Cas’ palm, eyes fluttering shut, and presses a soft kiss to the inside of Cas’ hand.
Halfway through the process, Miracle’s ears perk up at some sound unheard by Dean, and she jumps off her perch on the couch, running over towards the front door. Distantly, over the music, Dean hears gravel crackling outside. Probably Sam. He’s gotten into a habit of coming over the past few mornings and having coffee with Dean before going back home or exploring the rest of new Heaven. Miracle starts barking excitedly and rushes out the newly installed doggie door. Her barks increase a few seconds later, which is odd. If it were Sam she would have recognized him.
Their fists meet and then forearms. Verna deals a heavy kick to Cas’ stomach, making him double over and stumble back towards the door.
Dean checks the downstairs first, searching every room. Most rooms are empty, except for a few old cabinets with miniature yellowing dolls sitting neatly atop. Creepy dolls, man, the worst. On the second floor, the air seems too thin, and dust particles float around him like wayward gnats, highlighted in the glow of the sun.
“How’s your wound?” Cas asks, as a way to refocus, gesturing at Dean’s shoulder where the stitches zig-zag in a stark black line across his skin.
They make it to the bedroom door, before Cas grabs Dean’s hips, manhandling him back up against the nearest wall and kissing him like his life depends on it. Dean melts against him, and eagerly grabs for Cas’ ass, trying to pull him closer. Slipping a thigh between Dean’s leg, Cas gets Dean to grind on him, coaxing a pitiful sounding whine from his lips.
“It just doesn’t make any sense. They thought I was the suspect, until they could find my fingerprints on her body. Nothing makes sense. She wouldn’t have been able to do that herself, but there was no one else here. Listen, if there’s anything else I can do to help you guys figure out what happened, let me know. Of course I’m upset Sally was cheating, but we could’ve worked it out. I didn’t want her dead, I just.. want some closure.”
“I gave Sam a call while you were checking us in,” Dean starts, voice soft. “I told him we’d be home tomorrow. He said he might have another case lined up for us in the next few days if you’re up for it. I figured we might as well keep on helping people while we still can, ya know?”
If Dean didn’t know any better, he’d say this place was haunted just by looking at it. A great hideout for a djinn, tucked back a few miles off the highway where it would take cops hours of searching to even find the place.
Internally he knows it’s not Dean, just a figment of whatever sort of dream the Djinn flung him into, but this man before him
Dean shakes his head, blinks and a tear slips down his cheek. “Not willingly, no. But good shit doesn’t happen to me Cas, I’m always waiting for the other shoe to drop, you know? And I know I’m in Heaven and that means good shit should come in abundance or whatever, and I’m trying to believe that I can have —that I can have —” he pauses, voice trailing off. Cas watches his jaw tense, twitching, and then he sniffles.
Dean feels too much and when he’s not sure what to do with all that emotion, it comes out in rash decisions and hurts the ones he loves. Starting now, that changes.
Dean looks over at him, contemplating Cas’ words, looking thoughtful. “Hey, that’s a good idea. I could always have someone work for me on days I don’t feel like it. After all, this should be a fun thing, not stressful, not like a real job.”
Cas isn’t quite sure what to do with himself while he waits for Dean to come home. He doesn’t want to leave and risk injuring himself. If this is a dream, he’ll be fine, but if this is a version of Chuck’s future, he doesn’t want to mess with the timelines and cause this world full of peace to not have a chance of existing.
“You just-- uh--,” Dean stutters, gesturing up towards Cas’ head. “Sun made a halo over you, seems fitting.”
Dean pats the empty seat next to him, then starts pouring Cas a drink and fights back a smile when Cas sits down. He watches Cas take a measured drink, how his Adam’s apple bobs when he swallows, how the fingers gripping his glass now have faint scars on them.
After an hour of searching, Cas finds something. He’s digging through one of the local antique store’s recent sale records, pulled from an online database Sam hacked a few months ago that greatly improved their sleuthing abilities. Farren Dent was the previous victim of the mirror ghost, and her family had sold most of her possessions to local stores when she died - including the lace-edged mirror. The mirror itself traced back to a founding family of Wind Point, the Jeffersons, whose last living member, the widow of old Mr. Johnson, committed suicide after learning about her husband’s torrid affairs from reading his journals after his death.
“Yep,” Dean says, punctuating the end with a pop of his lips. He leans in to give Cas a chaste kiss, then pulls back, and grins.
“Want dinner?” He asks. There’s a half-eaten strawberry in between his fingers and he takes another bite while waiting for Cas’ answer, the tips of his fingers dyed pink from the juice.
Cas nods, thinking about earlier, about his astonishment at seeing the ring on his own finger. He’s still not quite sure if this is
Sure, there are sounds of other humans, a few cars and distant chatter. But it’s missing something — the ambient noise of a life on the road that Dean found comfort in. There are no birds, or the rustling of leaves in the wind; hell, there’s no
After a quick shower together and finishing off their discarded breakfast, Cas follows Dean into the garage to help him work on Baby for a bit. It’s still early, the heat tolerable for now, and Dean opens the garage door to let in sunlight.
“I wanted you to have everything you never got to have on Earth,” Cas continues. “To have the happiness that life denied you. A world free from pain, fear, and to be able to live in comfort as you deserve.”
The bed feels cold now, with Dean’s absence. Cas’ heart is still pounding from the events of the past few minutes. He feels incredibly stupid that his body betrayed him in sleep, clinging to Dean like that. He’s still reeling from the Djinn dream, his mind confused after spending a few days of bliss there. He groans to himself, the sound loud in the empty room, and heaves himself out of bed and into the shower.
As the sun starts to dip lower in the horizon, the day coming to an end, Dean checks in with him -- shielding Cas briefly from the sun with his body and grinning down at him.
Dean laughs, a tiny nervous one, and darts his eyes down to the steam rising in front of him. “That’s complicated.”
The Impala has always been a sanctuary for Dean, even when he had nothing, he always had Baby. Here and now with Cas at his side, Dean doesn’t want to go home. This moment between them feels fragile, meant to be savored and drawn out for as long as he can.
Dean leans into Cas’ orbit, breaking him out of his thoughts, and cups Cas’ cheeks in between his palms. He kisses Cas’ forehead and then pulls back to press their foreheads together. “See you at five.”
About how you feel for Dean, how you always have. And I don’t like secrets, they only cause pain.” Verna pauses a few feet from Cas, tilts her head and taps a finger on her lip. “It seems as though you’ve already caused him so much pain, but you won’t any more.” Verna’s face darkens and she tightens her grip on the angel blade.
“You always wanted a vacation,” Cas said, leaning in to press a chaste kiss against Dean’s cheek. “So I thought I’d give us one.”
Inexplicably, Castiel finds himself drawn to Dean. In the early mornings Castiel flies to Earth when Dean is fast asleep, the only time he is able to find some semblance of peace. Hidden in the shadows obscured by his own ebony wings, Castiel watches him, entranced.
It’s dark inside the room, and the flickering of the bathroom’s light only makes it eerier. The smell of burnt wood is overpowering, remnants of smoke lingering in the air. The room feels like the aftermath of a war, which is not inaccurate. Cas lets his eyes track over Dean’s face; he sees a resolute look there, one that means Dean’s desperately trying to keep his walls closed up but struggling to do so. Cas wonders what Verna told him, what she tried to convince him of.
He dozes off again and dreams of whiskey kisses under the stars, waking to the sound of Dean saying his name.
Their eyes meet and it hits Dean like a lightning strike, and all the breath rushes out of his lungs. He wants to say more, but he can’t find the words. Instead, when Cas breaks eye contact, turning towards the portal, Dean follows.
Mary told him that he would know what love feels like when it happened, she never told him that it would feel like this, like coming home.
He ducks under foliage, a fern snapping back and smacking him straight in the face. He sputters and pushes it away with his hand, continuing on through the brush, leaves and plants crunching under his boots. There’s no trail back here; he’s not even sure where Cas went, only that about an hour ago he’d received a text from Cas saying, “I’m going into the woods off Highway 52. I think the Djinn is hiding out somewhere around here.”
Cas closes his eyes and thinks of anything other than Dean. He opens them and Dean is still shirtless, but wearing pants now at least.
“No, I was supposed to meet Sally here at the house. We were going to drive to the restaurant together.”
“So, that was -” Dean’s voice trails off, smile widening, until the words dissolve to sweet laughter.
It’s late afternoon and blades of light stream through the trees, illuminating the emerald green of the leaves, lanterns lighting his way in the darkness. He’s not quite sure where he’s going, but he has to keep going until he finds Cas.
“A room if you have one, two queens preferably.” Cas gives her a courtesy smile, squints as he reads her name tag. “Thank you, Elaine.”
His deal with The Empty was made in a spur of the moment decision, knowing inherently that Dean can’t love him how Castiel wants him to. Castiel thought that might save him, but he knows now how naive he was.
“I moved office hours to next week. Not enough students mentioned that they had trouble with the readings, so I’ll be home at the normal time,” Cas lies. “You’re working today, right?”
Dean hums under his breath when he comes out of the bathroom, Zeppelin -- like he always does -- and it makes Cas smile, as he thinks about the Dean from the Djinn world who didn’t. Things feel right here. Good.
A jingle of keys, scruff of boots on the floor, the swish of Dean’s jacket going on over his shoulders, and then the door clicks shut. Cas rolls over onto his back and opens his eyes.
“I’ve never loved anyone like this. Never. You’re my best friend and that should be enough, but I look at you and deep in my chest there’s this ache that no matter who I fuck, no matter how mad at you I get, how hard I try to push you away sometimes, it never goes away. And I want this,” Dean says, gesturing back and forth between them. “If you’ll have me.” He looks up at Cas, eyes sparkling with hope, a small smile playing on his lips.
Cupping a bit of air in his palm, Cas makes a bowl with his hands, tightening his grip around the invisible particles and then shoves them up into the air in a whirling motion. All at once a rush of air blows through his hair, mussing it and making it stand up on his head. Above him the branches rustle, leaves trembling in the wind. Distantly, from somewhere behind him, he hears Dean gasp.
“I’ll be right back with your drinks, let me know if you need anything.” She takes their menus, and her gaze lingers on Cas a little too long for Dean’s liking before she flounces away, braid bobbing behind her.
Once inside the church, Dean’s eyes are drawn skyward. Above them the ceiling is cracked, wooden beams bent, broken from erosion and the wind that sweeps over the plains. Sunlight streams through the gaps, illuminating the decrepit space in a golden glow. Dean stays near the entrance, watching as Cas walks down the aisle, gazing around at the dusty pews, and yellowing bibles neatly tucked into their slots. A ray of light hits the crown of his head, forming a halo over him. Breath catches in the back of Dean’s throat and a quiet pained noise escapes his throat.
peace and freedom upon entering this forgotten chapel tucked away in the fields. For a moment, Dean allows himself to hope in ways he hadn’t dared to.
Eventually, they tire, lips swollen and damp, and Dean presses his forehead against Cas’. They share breath and Cas bumps their noses together, turning his face so he can nuzzle against Dean’s cheek.
Back at the Impala, Cas is struggling to get the mirror situated in the back seat. It mostly fits on a diagonal, though it’s a bit too wide. He goes around the other side and helps Cas pull it through the rest of the way until they’re good to go.
What if it’s too late, what if Cas is -- Dean’s heart drops into his stomach. As a last-ditch effort, clinging to the desperation clawing inside him, he prays.
“Well, why do you eat all my food when you don’t have to eat?” Dean asks, breaking through Cas’ inappropriate thoughts, shooting Cas’ own question back at him.
“I was there for a few days. At first, it was... wonderful,” Cas says, pausing, wistful in the phantom memory of Dean’s hands on him. “And then I started to notice things about you that... weren’t
and a bright red kiss emoji off to the side. He’s wearing a black t-shirt and jeans underneath. Dean has a few aprons hanging from the pantry door for use, but Cas has noticed Dean tends to wear this one the most. He looks adorable in it, unfortunately for Cas, only increasing the amount Cas does want to kiss him. Many fantasies of Cas’ have involved Dean in this very kitchen of theirs, kissing Dean up against any available surface until he’s breathless and handsy, desperate for Cas in any way he can have him.
The road narrows, changing from two lanes to one, center line vanishing. Pavement turns to gravel and Dean slows Baby to nearly a crawl, careful of flying rocks damaging her undercarriage. A sea of corn surrounds them, stalks ready for harvest, their husks peeling at the tips exposing the sunflower yellow beneath.
Dean scoots closer, reaching out to rest his hand on Cas’ shoulder. Cas feels his heart take root in his throat in response, pounding away, erratic and incredibly human.
“I like having what you make, you’re good at cooking, and you clearly enjoy it.” Cas looks up, pausing from his dicing, to meet Dean’s eyes.
“I call the shower,” Dean yells, dropping his duffle onto the faded periwinkle couch next to the door, not giving Cas a chance to respond before he disappears inside the bathroom.
On the second floor, the Djinn is groaning, holding its head between its bony hands, eyes closed and crinkled with pain. Dean twirls the knife between his fingers, just once, and follows the Djinn down the stairs.
Falling angel or not, Cas is still susceptible to some creatures, Djinn being one of them, and if this one got the jump on Cas -- well, Dean doesn’t wanna think about it, not after they just started to patch things up between them post-Purgatory.
There’s a motel a few blocks down from the diner, the Silver Spur, sporting a deep orange neon sign and a flashy fluorescent spur next to it. Dean leaves Cas in the car to doze while he goes to ask about a room.
John’s truck is gone when he pulls up to the garage, so he parks right in front. The engine pings and pops as he stares up at the house — his childhood home, a near exact replica. He’s not sure if this was Cas’ doing or if his parents had manifested this themselves, more likely the latter. Makes sense they’d want to rebuild what the fire had taken from them, John especially. It hurts to look at — the white-washed shutters and neat paint — covered in all the memories of normalcy contained within a life that could have been so different that never was. Now, with his newfound peace, Dean doesn’t mourn the life he could have had here. This is his second chance, to live the life he wants free from any earthly expectation placed upon him.
Cas doesn’t fall asleep right away, not with the warmth of Dean’s body in his arms and the startling realization of how right it feels to hold him like that. Dean, however, drifts off to sleep quickly, his palms spread over Cas’ forearms.
“We do,” Cas agrees. His hands reach for the flap of Dean’s plaid, pushing it off of Dean’s shoulders to the floor as he surges forward and kisses him.
Out of the corner of his eye, Dean sees Cas’ mouth quirk up. “I told you, I heard your prayer Dean, we’re good.”
Dean spends the first thirty minutes of their ten-hour drive giving Cas the lowdown of the situation. He has a similar theory to Sam’s -- ghost that goes after hidden secrets, things not confessed to a loved one. The only question is why and how. He flicks on AC/DC after that, opting for a change from Zeppelin, not for any reason other than it’s a bright and sunny day and “You Shook Me” was calling to him from the cassette box.
Amusement flickers over Dean’s face and Cas feels something more heated snap between them. It’s a familiar feeling when it comes to his Dean, but in this world it can come to fruition.
Dean lets him be for a while, figures when Sam wants to talk about it, they will. He finds himself back in the kitchen, nursing a whiskey.
Nostalgia hits him full force walking into the house, down the hallway laden with childhood pictures of him and Sam, even a few more recent ones he gave Mary back when she was alive on Earth. Sprinkled among them are photos of Mary and John, their wedding photo, pictures yellowing at the edges with age in ways she could change, but Mary likes the natural look of them. The hallway opens into the kitchen and the same table Dean ate pb&j at as a kid. He settles into his usual seat, muscle memory kicking in and watches, silently, while his Mom pours cups of coffee for them both.
“I’ll be back in a bit, don’t miss me too much,” Dean teases. He winks at Cas and brings Cas’ hand, the one he has trapped in his own, up to his mouth and kisses the top of it. It’s then Cas notices the silver band on his own finger.
and Dean knows without a shadow of a doubt he means it. There aren’t the proper words to convey the rising feeling of unbridled joy inside his chest, so he kisses Cas with everything he has and hopes that maybe it’s enough.
“I’m fine.” Cas dips his hand into the large pocket of his trench coat and pulls out his badge, flipping it open, upside down. “Yes, I have my badge.”
Up ahead, he spots a small cleared space, vacant of trees. Decaying leaves litter the ground, wispy, skeletons left over from the fall, unable to decompose as fast this far into the woods. Near the edge of the clearing stands a large decrepit house, three stories tall. Grey paint chips off the sides like peeling bark, leaving a pile at the base. A shutter hangs off one hinge on the upper basement window, precariously dangling, swaying in the breeze with a whistling creak.
Outside the house, he finds a garden. Small and simple, a neat garden box, four lines of tilled dirt horizontally across the width. A few shoots are popping up in the soil, bright green, closed flower buds reaching towards the sky for the sun. He wonders if this is his doing or Dean’s. Gardening is something he’d like, he thinks, toiling over dirt, creating new life with his hands.
“Can you sit up?” Dean asks. His fingers slide back from Cas’ neck and stroke through the longer hairs at the back of his neck.
Dean waves a little goodbye over his shoulder as he heads out the door. Cas can hear the sound of his boots padding across the hardwood floor, keys jingling in his hand and the door slamming shut. He doesn’t move until after he hears the tell-tale sound of the Impala revving to life and peeling out of their driveway.
Focusing on his grace, the parts of it still tied to Dean despite the distance between them, Castiel sends out a message. He hopes that it’s strong enough that Dean will hear him.
If he were at all confident in Cas’ feelings for him still being what they were, this is the moment in which Dean would muster up all his courage and kiss him. He’s not that guy yet, he hasn’t found his courage. And despite Cas’ words ever-present in his head —
They both stare at the image for a moment and then Cas flips over the picture. Scribbled in neat cursive is a note.
Dean’s blush deepens and he breaks eye contact, dropping his gaze and scuffing his boot against the grass. “Yeah? Yeah, okay. Good.”
“I really don’t know. He’s just... sad and hesitant to talk to me about it. I don’t blame him, I just wish there was something I could do,” Dean says. He fidgets with his beer bottle, mostly empty now, but still damp with condensation. Weakening the paper label with his fingers, he pulls it off in pieces.
Dean walks forward, until he’s side by side with Cas, and looks at the altar a dozen or so feet in front of them. Made out of the same dark oak as the rest of the interior of the church, it stands resolute. No sunlight graces the bronze cross at the center, it’s hidden back in the shadows. A chalice is nearby, shine dimmed from lingering dust and lack of use. Next to it sits a small bible with little tabs sticking out marking various passages.
Milford is a short jaunt to the north from Lebanon, normally it’s an easy few hours, and with Dean driving that translates to barely under two.
On Earth, Dean had dreams of one day retiring to the coast, toes in the sand and all that.  Somewhere warmer, maybe Northern California, where the roads cling to cliffs and look down over indigo crashing waves. It wouldn’t have had to be much, even just renting a small cabin for a few weeks and taking some time away post-Chuck. A break, he’d wanted a break. A place where he could find solace, a little peace of his own Heaven on Earth with Sam and Cas at his side.
Dean is shirtless, towel wrapped around his waist. Cas tries his best not to stare at the damp sheen of water on his chest, but then Dean turns around to get into his duffle and his eye catches a stray water droplet. It drips from the hair at the back of Dean’s neck, sliding all the way down his spine until it disappears underneath the edge of the towel.
Dean sighs, nodding in agreement and starts putting away the takeout containers to make room on the bed for his laptop. Just what he wanted. More research
“Cas, he saved me,” Dean laughs, a wet-sort of sound, mingled with his unshed tears. “I mean he always saved me, but this was different. We were trying to kill Billie. She got us cornered and he told me about this deal he made to save Jack and that when he experienced true happiness he’d be taken by the Empty. Forever. He—he told me that he didn’t think happiness was possible for him because what he wants, he can’t have, but the happiness for him wasn’t even in having me; he just—he told me he loved me and that was it. The Empty took him.”
“I’m glad you kept it,” Dean says, soft. He looks over briefly, smile widening and then revs the engine, spinning the wheel towards the highway.
The first night after Sam arrives, once Dean has Miracle curled up at his side, he tries to sleep. Not out of necessity — in Heaven there’s no need for sleep — but out of want. Undisturbed sleep was a rarity during his life. Here, he intends to take advantage of as much sleep as he can get. But with that particular blessing comes difficulties. Dean finds that it’s too quiet even with Miracle’s heavy breathing.
He’s a professor. Cas wracks his brain for a moment trying to think of anything he could be remotely qualified to teach to college students and he comes up blank.
They leave early, right at sunrise. As they drive east, the land opens up around them, nothing but miles upon miles of wheat fields turned into spun gold in the newly risen sun. Dean rolls down the windows to let the fresh air in and turns the music up louder, singing along at the top of his lungs. He looks over at Cas, finds him fighting back a laugh, lips twitching. His hair is a windblown mess atop his head, only adding to how attractive he looks. Even with that dorky tie of his flying around in the breeze and flapping against his chest.
for, is Cas’ friendship. He knows at least Cas would be able to give him platonic companionship. Dean could be content with that, as long as it meant Cas was alive and safe and Dean got to have him in his life in some way.
It’s the sound of his name, wrecked in Dean’s voice, that pushes Cas over the edge. He kisses Dean through it, even as Dean’s body shakes in aftershocks. Cas rolls his hips a few more times, chasing the high that is now fading into a dreamy sort of bliss.
After the awkwardness before breakfast, they continue east. It’s overcast today, the clouds grey and puffy, low in the sky, drifting along in the wind like bland hot air balloons. Dean’s chipper despite earlier, and for once lets Cas pick the music, breaking his own rule.
Cas has knelt to pet Miracle, who is excitedly bouncing against Cas' thighs. A gentle, bittersweet smile plays against his lips, not unlike the one he wore before he was violently ripped from Dean's life.
blackberry pie!” Dean turns toward the house, motioning for Cas to follow him. Miracle follows too, trying to wind between his legs and it takes a lot of effort for Dean to not trip over her.
He keeps the music low while he drives. The freeway is empty this time in the evening, just past sunset. He passes large semis and smaller family vans, their headlights bobbing like ghostly halos over the bumps in the road. Cas is covered up with his trench coat, eyes drooping, but still watching the scenery pass by out the window. He’s been quiet since they got back into the car. Dean knows he’s not feeling too hot, but something about Cas seems different and sadder.
Verna laughs, throwing her head back. It comes out more like a cackle. The laptop on her lap snaps shut and robotically she pushes it away, standing up to her feet and stalking towards Cas. She pauses near Dean’s bag, reaching in and grabbing the angel blade, gripping it firmly in her hand.
Looking out the window and up towards the sky, Dean watches the stars and their newly formed constellations twinkle. Nameless stars, bright and stark against the endless sea of darkness, crafted by Jack and Cas’ hands. He waits for an answer, or a familiar flap of wings, the rustle of a coat.
He almost lost Cas in Purgatory, he poured his heart out to Cas on his knees knowing fully well Cas might not hear him.
finger instead inside Dean’s mouth. Arousal courses through his system and briefly, Cas closes his eyes, focusing his energy on his grace and tampering down his arousal. The last thing he needs right now is to sport a boner while trying to cook dinner.
” drift out of the speakers, and Dean starts tapping along to the beat, mouth quirked up on one side, his ears starting to turn pink.
He laughs and it makes him cough a few times with all the smoke. Cas’ hand drops from Dean’s face to his back, rubbing wide comforting circles on the back of his shirt. He lets the touch continue as Dean comes back to himself.
There’s not enough time. He darts his eyes around the forest, increasing his pace, looking for any possible sign of Cas.
“Don’t feel bad, Cas,” Dean says, reaching over to squeeze Cas’ shoulder with his palm. He drops it seconds later, much to Cas’ dismay. “It’s just little things, never really noticed how much I’d grown used to them until they weren’t there. How do you make birds?”
“I get it,” Dean says, trying to play it casual. “It’s been ten years or so now, but I had the same shit with a Djinn happen to me. Fucked me up for... weeks. So if you wanna talk about whatever you saw, you can talk to me.”
“Yeah, I heard ya the first time. So, can we?” Dean puts on his most charming smile, hoping it can work on Paul like it works on the ladies.
Somehow, by the time he returns to the car, Dean is standing outside of it with two greasy paper bags sitting on the roof in front of him, chomping on some fries. Cas dangles the keys at him and Dean quirks an eyebrow, tossing Cas one of the bags.
Selfishly, he decides to watch instead. Outside, the glow from the rising sun filters through the cracks in the blinds, illuminating Dean’s face and warming the room. Blue pre-dawn light transforms into orange, brightening and accentuating the freckles dotted across the bridge of Dean’s nose and the particular large freckle on his bottom lip. That one is Cas’ favorite, though he’d never admit that if asked.
“Cas,” Dean whispers, and lets the familiar shape of Cas’ name on his tongue linger in the air between them. He closes the distance and reaches out, gripping Cas’ shoulder. Underneath his palm, Cas trembles.
Tears prick at Cas’ eyes and he darts his gaze up to the night sky twinkling high above them. He notices, for the first time since he was dropped into this alternate world, that all the constellations are flipped from their normal orientation in the sky, upside down, identical to how Cas feels at this very moment.
Around the car the fields fade, morphing into a sunflower patch and stretching all the way out to the edge of the horizon as far as Dean can see. A few dozen yards away he spots a tiny church with a peaked steeple. It’s white-washed and the roof is partially caved in near the back. Vines grow around the hole where the roof used to be, draping over bent boards trailing down the sides of the varnished stained-glass windows. Sunflowers swoon in the slight breeze, their petals brushing against the windows of the forgotten church, whistling a haunting tune.
Castiel yearns to touch him, to stroke his fingers through Dean’s hair, trace the line of his jaw, over the dusting of freckles on his cheeks. Lust, foreign of a feeling, burdened with the weight of all Dean means to him. It’s not only carnal desire Castiel wants, if it were, this would be easier.
Rubbing his fingers on the lip of his glass, Dean stares down into the amber liquid. “Are we... good?”
“I don’t know how this is gonna end, if it ends bloody or if somehow we make it out on top. But what I do know is,” Dean licks his lips and makes sure Cas’ eyes are on his. “That I love you.” Dean sniffles and lets it out in a shaky laugh. “I should have told you so
An exaggerated cough breaks through his thoughts, and he whirls around, t-shirt in hand, to see Dean standing near the door with a bag of food in one hand and two coffees in a drink carrier in the other.
“Been thinking ‘bout you all day,” Dean murmurs. He leans in and licks at Cas’ neck, sucking a mark there Cas knows will be visible tomorrow.
. He moves slow, gasping as the head of his cock -- flushed red and leaking at the tip - rubs against the fabric of Cas’ pants.
“Thanks, Cas.” Dean reaches out and grabs Cas’ shoulder, squeezing tight, and brushes past him on the way to bed.
“Oh, Dean,” Mary says, in a quiet voice. Reaching across the table she covers one of his hands with hers and squeezes.
He spots only a couple of motels driving into the small town, but picks one that seems the most interesting. Windmill Inn, as per the name states, is a gigantic white windmill. It sticks out compared to the flatness and one-story buildings in the rest of the town. On the outside it’s boring, white-washed clay-like walls with neatly painted black shutters. In the flower garden there are mini windmills stuck in the dirt like misshapen roses twirling in the wind. They’re covered in green vines, spiraling up the tiny structures, little pink blossoms peeking out of their buds.
Cas turns his head. They’re close enough that his nose nuzzles against Dean’s cheek, breath ghosting over the curve of Dean’s bottom lip.
Stirring in sleep, Dean shifts under the bed sheets, sighing soft and nuzzling into his pillow. Murmuring in his sleep, nonsense syllables Castiel can’t make out as words. Dean smacks his lips together and stills, a quiet snore echoing in the room around them.
Cas moves his hand, curving it up so their palms are facing each other, and slips his fingers between Dean’s. “Why?”
Daisy’s isn’t anything out of the ordinary when it comes to diners, except for the decor on the inside. Dean is expecting the classic fifties white table and red booth combo, but Daisy’s went the more unique route with sunny yellow and seafoam green. Addie, their waitress, a pretty blonde, seats them at a booth next to the door. She has her eyes on Cas from the moment they walk in, fidgeting with her pen as she steps up to the table to take their order.
than just being with Dean. Dean can’t take that from him and even so, with Cas' grace and purpose restored, it's unlikely that he feels how he did then.
After dinner, Cas elects to sit out on the back porch swing, chilled beer in hand. The air is cooler now. A slight breeze ruffles his hair and sends shivers skittering down his spine with the chill. Dean joins him a bit later, padding in with bare feet, a beer in hand, and plops right down next to him on the swing. They fit snugly together, Dean’s thigh pressed warmly against his. Briefly, Cas thinks about reaching over and taking Dean’s hand within his own, one last time to remember the feel. Too dangerous of an idea. Even this Dean knows how to make him weak, and he can’t take any chances.
He leans back, taking the sight of Dean in -- flushed cheeks, swollen lips, messy hair, and pupils dilated in arousal. “Gorgeous,” Cas murmurs, approvingly. He smiles when Dean blushes more, ducking his head. Cas feels Dean’s fingers brush his own, as they slip under Dean’s t-shirt and pull it off in one smooth motion.
He turns his gaze back to the forest floor in front of him and focuses on keeping in step with Dean. He tightens his hold on Dean’s jacket, and rests the side of his head against Dean’s while they walk. Dean doesn’t comment on the touch and continues walking, so that must mean it’s okay. Cas will pretend it’s enough, because it’s all he has. Coming back to the real world, where he can’t touch Dean as he wants, is a special kind of agony.
It’s been a bit since he and Cas got together, finally. Falling into each other after so many years was easy, almost too easy. Relationships have never happened easily for Dean, not until Cas.
“Like here with me? In the house?” Dean clarifies. His cheeks heat up in a warm blush, trickling up to the tips of his ears, but he trudges on, sentences strung together in a desperate ramble. “There’s an extra room down the hall from mine and I know that maybe you want to go back to the other angels, Heaven was your home first, but if you wanted you could... stay. If you want, you don’t have to but, it’d be real nice to have you here.” He releases a heavy breath and doesn’t dare look Cas in the eyes for fear of what he might find hidden in them.
Cas isn’t paying attention, staring out at the passenger side window, forlorn, mouth tilted down into a frown.
This isn’t what Cas expected this morning. It’s too close to what the Djinn gave him, even if it’s accidental, and already starting to toy with his mind. He worries what will happen when Dean wakes up, if he’ll brush it off or be upset. Right now, though, all he can do is focus on how good it feels to have Dean in his arms, scooting in closer and nuzzling against the back of his neck.
“Yeah,” Dean groans, hands sliding up Cas’ chest to work at his tie. “I wanna see you.” He pushes off Cas’ coat with eager hands, undoing his tie with efficiency while they kiss, until Cas is only in his white shirt and slacks. They keep kissing, messy and wet, Dean grinding helplessly against him, getting more desperate by the increase of sounds coming from his throat.
Weeks pass and on the outside, Cas’ life with Dean is seemingly perfect. But it’s the little differences, adding up one by one, that make this new peaceful future feel off.
An image of Dean’s smile flashes through Castiel’s mind, the blinding shine of his soul, and how he exists and loves without apology. Dean will save the world, he’s going to save everything and Castiel wants to be at his side when he does.
“Okay,” Dean concedes. He waits a beat, taps his fingers on the steering wheel, looking ahead at the mirage of neon signaling their arrival to Burns. “Are you hungry? I was planning on stopping here for the night. Get some food, sleep, and head out early tomorrow.”
After eating, Cas disappears. Dean isn’t too sure where he went, when Cas wants to think or is dealing with something, which he is, he normally heads down to the library. Dean feels clingy, still worried about Cas after what happened with the Djinn, but whatever Cas saw it must have fucked him up. He’s been alright since then, but there’s an air of sadness about him, like he’s trapped in a daydream most of the time. Dean tries to reach him, but can’t seem to get past whatever barrier Cas put up to protect himself.
He never bothers calling, Mary doesn’t usually stray far from the house in the mornings and it’s still early, only just after breakfast. After making sure Miracle has enough food and all of her toys nearby to play with, Dean heads out to the Impala. Baby sings beneath him, engine rumbling, comforting and familiar. Sliding his hands over the wheel, Dean grins and revs the engine, spinning over the gravel and down the road towards his parents’.
Cas blushes, a light pink dusting across his cheeks and a shy smile on his lips. He looks so adorable that Dean has the urge to reach out and brush his fingers across Cas’ cheek.
“Well,” Dean says, in a slow drawl, lips tipping up into a smirk. “If you wanna stand there and look pretty handing me tools, I wouldn’t mind.”
“Yes,” Cas answers, giving Dean a hint of a smile. His head still aches and may do so for a few days.
Dean grins, wide with a flash of teeth, eyes crinkling as he does. He looks gorgeous, a little older than the Dean Cas knows. There are flecks of grey spread sporadically throughout his hair, which somehow only manages to make him more handsome. If this is the future, Chuck’s not doing a very good job of convincing Cas it isn’t worth fighting for.
Now, Dean stands on the deck of their little seaside cabin, whitewashed and situated up on the hill from the ocean. He’s not sure how long they’ve been there, spending time just the two of them, secluded away from the rest of the universe, and frankly Dean doesn’t care. This is Heaven, if Cas wants to steal him away for a whole year and make love to him on the beach like in
He looks up from his laptop, bright screen meaning he has to blink his eyes to adjust to the room. He looks over to Dean and finds Dean staring back at him with an intense gaze, a sardonic smirk playing on his lips.
His feet carry him down the steps and directly into Cas’ arms, wrapping him up in a tight hug. Clinging to the rough fabric of Cas’ trench coat, Dean buries his face in Cas’ neck, breathing him in. Cas hugs back, palms wide across Dean’s shoulders, holding Dean close against him. Being in Cas’ arms feels different now with Cas’ past words of unconditional love in the air between them. A taste of happiness, of what Heaven is meant to be. Dean pulls back, worried that if he doesn’t now, he might not be able to. He swallows thick against the sob rising in his throat and offers Cas a shaky smile. “It’s good to see you, man.”
With a shaking hand, he reaches out and grapples for Cas’ coat. The fabric slips between his fingers, but it gets Cas to turn to him, that stupid blossom still clenched tight in Cas’ hand.
There’s the sound of the sink running and the squeak of the towel hanger spinning as Dean dries his hands. Cas rolls over to the other side, away from Dean, and slams his eyes shut, feigning sleep. He listens as Dean walks back, though he doesn’t get back in.
Miracle snuggles up against his chest, nudging her nose underneath his chin and licks him just once. Dean hugs her tight, running a hand through her shaggy hair.
Dean rises to his feet and sneaks a glance out the window on his way towards the front door, spotting a flash of a familiar tan coat. Freezing at the door, his hand shaking on the knob, Dean’s heart jumps into his throat.
Memories flick through Dean's mind of Cas’ tear-stained cheeks, black goo engulfing Cas’ body and taking him to another universe right after he said — after he —
“Nah,” Dean laughs. “I think he wants to be at base camp, keep track of anything Chuck related. Plus, he mentioned Eileen might be coming back soon. I think that might be part of it.”
On instinct, heart acting for him, Dean steps close and cups Cas’ cheek in his hand. Cas’ fingers grip his sleeve, pulls him closer. He feels the heat of Cas’ shaky breath, ghost over his palm.
Cas gets up from his spot on the opposite bed and crosses to the mirror. Gingerly, he reaches out and touches the smooth surface, jerking his hand back almost immediately after making contact. “That’s... strange.”
“Yeah?” Dean says, a little breathless. Unable to help himself, he reaches out and claps a hand on Cas’ shoulder, squeezing tight, feeling the warmth of him beneath the trench coat. He’s finally here, with Dean, and everything feels like it’s falling into place. “Let’s go inside.”
Dean traces his fingers back down Cas’ chest, the other hand coming up to cup his cheek. “Just wanna feel you.”
“Chili!” Dean says. “I figured it would be warm and filling. It’s one of my favorite things to cook.”
Cas squeezes back and nestles his head in between the crook of Dean’s shoulder, lips soft against Dean's neck. “Holy.”
As soon as Verna’s soul vanishes, Cas grabs the ice bucket off the counter. He fills it with water, then pours it over the fire until it’s a pile of smoking embers. Smoke feels the room like relief in his body. The fire alarm in this place must be faulty, but in this case it’s quite fortunate. They’ll be long gone in the morning before they have to explain the charred mess of the floor.
Paul Redmond, the late Sally Benson’s boyfriend, lives in a picturesque part of Wind Point. The neighborhood borders Lake Michigan, a tall white lighthouse to the right and within walking distance. Paul’s house is cookie-cutter perfect, like something out of
Cas smiles and kisses Dean again, licking into his mouth and rolling his hips just to get Dean to groan into his mouth.
One afternoon, he finds himself stuck beneath a grove of trees a couple hundred feet from their front porch, staring up at the branches. Initially, Cas didn’t notice but there’s no wind here. Cas smiles a little to himself,
Sliding his hand to the back of Dean’s neck, Cas pulls him closer until their foreheads touch, lips brushing butterfly soft. They hover there, breathing in each other, until Cas can’t hold back and finally,
“Shut up,” Cas yells. The words spewing out of Dean’s mouth aren’t true, meant only to taunt him. He knows it’s not true. A few months ago he might have believed her, but he and Dean are good now. They really are.
Words take shape in his mouth, the start of a prayer, heavy on his tongue. It’s been a while since he prayed to Cas, unsure of how to speak to the root of his feelings in a way that might make sense, that might make Cas understand Dean does love him and does want Cas at his side in whatever way Cas is willing to give him.
“Hey, it’s okay. If you want to stitch it up yourself when we get back to the room, you can. Be good practice, right?” Dean offers.
They don’t talk much during the drive. Cas is comfortable watching the world turn around them, occasionally pointing out random roadside attractions including one particular tree he remembers from the early 1800’s that’s still standing right next to the “Welcome to Wyoming!” sign. Dean tells stories too, of different places he and Sam lived and visited during childhood, and what John was hunting. He always talks about his past with pride, but a twinge of sadness in his tone, not for missing John -- though despite his father’s faults Cas knows Dean
Dean laughs and quirks his head, “Are you still half-asleep? It’s Wednesday, but I know sometimes you stay after lecture for office hours.”
“She was supposed to meet you at the restaurant for dinner, for your anniversary, is that right?” Dean asks. He pulls out a notepad and pen from the pocket of his jacket.
Silence lingers between them, companionable, as if Dean hadn’t nearly just shattered his carefully built status quo with one sentence.
“Dean, I’m your Mom. I love you no matter what. Honestly, it’s impossible to believe anyone could be worthy of you, but if someone were to be, it would be Cas.”
“Dean,” Cas says, but its different than Cas has said his name before, gentle and careful like Dean is something precious.
“Shower,” Dean groans against his mouth, fingers fumbling with the hem of Cas’ shirt before clumsily pulling it off his head. Insistently, he pushes at Cas’ chest, clearly wanting him to
like Dean. And despite all pretense, Cas’ weakness has always been him. He slams his eyes shut and shakes his head, even as Dean audibly sniffles, starting to cry and presses his forehead against Cas’, bumping their nose together.
He kneels down next to Cas and scratches Miracle behind her ears, smiling at the memory of how he found her, scared and huddled up, the last living being. “Well, she was a bit of happiness I found when it seemed like there wasn’t any left, so I figured I’d better let her stick around.”
, something he doesn’t currently have. With their connection, if Dean yearns for something, Cas feels the ache of it tangled with his grace. It’s not a bad sort of longing, but melancholy, a low thrum of desperation ringing in the heart of his soul. Cas would soothe the ache if he could, but he’s not sure how.
As he gets closer he examines the house. It’s badly withered, and one strong gust of wind could topple the whole thing over. The front steps are crooked, wide planks curved with age. They whine in protest as he steps up, wobbling under his feet. As expected, the front door is unlocked, he pushes it open and slips inside, staying against the main wall. Once inside, he digs the angel blade out from its sheath inside his boot.
“We could be happy here. He’ll never want you like this, you know he won’t,” Dean pleads, following him into the kitchen.
Cas stumbles up from the bed, laptop sliding off his lap and onto the comforter. He steps closer, gauging internally if he has enough grace to exorcise the ghost from Dean’s body and not hurt him. He doesn’t. “Get out of him.”
“I should be happy, right? Sam’s here, you’re here, everyone I care about is close enough for me to see them. I can have whatever I want with—” he pauses and lifts a hand to snap his fingers, “and it'll just be there, but—" Dean licks his lips and slams his eyes shut against the onslaught of tears that threaten to spill over when he thinks of Cas. “Cas, I—”
Paul reacts as if stung, shock and confusion contorting his facial features. “Yeah, I guess. Why? It’s just a mirror.”
Cas kisses back eagerly, just as desperate as Dean feels. He cups Dean’s cheek with his warm palm and pulls him inexplicably closer. They separate long enough for air, for Cas to smile against his lips and to brush the tips of their noses together. Cas kisses him this time, languid like they have all the time in the world. They don’t, but Dean’s going to pretend like they do and hope that he’ll get to have this, maybe for the rest of his life if he’s lucky.
home. Little by little, he settles in; decorating his room, filling up the empty spaces on the walls in the main rooms with photos of his own and various artifacts he remembers from over the years. Over time, at Dean’s urging, Cas even lets go of the trench coat, manifesting new clothes for himself; jeans and plaid most days similar to Dean’s. Sometimes, in the evenings after dinner, he’ll change into soft sweatpants that hang loose on his hips and throws on one of Dean’s band t-shirts he stole from the laundry bin. It seems to become him. He likes how he looks, how jeans fit neatly over the curve of his ass and hug his thighs. Dean doesn’t say much, but sometimes Cas will catch him looking at him differently, a little bit in awe, a dazed smile on his face.
Dean gets home around 5:30, bringing a pizza from a local joint with him. They eat at the kitchen table, sitting kitty-corner across from each other, close enough so that their thighs brush under the table. Midway through a conversation about a beat-up ‘64 Chevelle Dean fixed today, he pins Cas’ foot under his and starts grinning like he’s the cat who caught the canary. Cas can’t help but lean over and press a kiss to his cheek, because he can, and he loves watching how Dean blushes anytime Cas shows him affection.
Cas preens, his wings fluttering at Dean’s praise. “I’ll make other animals too, and some cars to pass by once an hour every night, so it feels a little more like what you remember. If you think of anything else, tell me.”
The look of fondness on Cas’ face is unparalleled. Dean basks in the feeling of unadulterated love it evokes in him. Briefly, Dean entertains the thought of telling him right then, saying his own confession. But then he remembers Cas still has work to do, Cas has a purpose now, a purpose
He half-jogs up the stairs to the third floor, stopping on the landing. To the left there’s a shorter hallway, ending with a window seat, looking out into the expanse of the trees, cobwebs stretching over the cushions like stray threads. To the right there’s one room, door unlatched, but mostly closed, a thin sliver of light peeking out. He grips his knife tighter and kicks the door open, ready in case another Djinn is hiding out in here feasting on some other poor soul.
Castiel settles onto the edge of the windowsill, just out of sight shrouded in darkness. Here he will sit and wait until a few hours now when Dean awakens and brings daylight back into the room. If he could, Castiel would spend a thousand years like this, observing Dean existing.
Dean finds Cas asleep, head resting on the window of the Impala, when he gets back to the car. He doesn’t bother disturbing him, but gets to work as quietly as he can unloading their duffles from the trunk into the room. Once everything is inside, he slips back into the driver’s side, moving to wake Cas, but he freezes.
“Yep! I’ve made it for Sam a few times over the years, never really got to until we moved to the Bunker though, never had a kitchen that was big enough or with enough space for all the ingredients.”
“Dean?” His voice sounds strange in his throat, scratchy and dry. His head hurts something awful. Everything goes dizzy for a few seconds and his eyes flutter shut, head lulling to the side.
“Yeah,” Dean says like Cas is idiotic for thinking otherwise. “I killed the Djinn like twenty minutes ago. I figured that once I did that you’d wake up. But you wouldn't. I kept calling your name, trying to shake you out of it, but nothing I did was working. You were out. Still breathing, but nothing. I --” Dean’s voice breaks off and he shakes his head, sniffling. “I didn't know what to do. So I waited and kept hoping that you’d be able to get out.”
“Fuck.” Dean cringes and steps back out, tugging the door shut behind him. He’ll deal with that... later.
him as something more than friends. However, that idea, much like this world, is a dream he knows won’t ever be fulfilled. It’s unlikely with the threat of Chuck on the horizon that either of them will make it out of this alive.
“Not gonna happen. He’s all mine, at least until after he pushes this pretty little angel blade through your heart.” Verna spins the blade between her fingers, angling the deadly end towards Cas. There’s a saunter in her walk, so unlike Dean’s.
A skinny teenager is working the desk, chewing on a granola bar and bobbing his head to some peppy music blasting from his earphones. Dean taps the desk once and the kid startles to attention, fumbling with his phone to get it to pause.
“Do you wanna talk about it?” Dean asks, a few miles outside of Burns, Oregon when he can’t shake the uneasy feeling of Cas’ silence.
“I gave him everything he wants. Even though he’s an angel, he’ll last me a good few years. Just keep him hopped up on my dream juice and he’s all mine.”
“I don’t know,” Cas answers. He continues forward climbing up the few steps to the altar, examining it. There’s a tablecloth covering it, most likely used to be white but now faded to a tan. Dean watches as Cas carefully lifts up the fabric, running his fingers under the wood underneath, checking for sigils or any sign of supernatural activity that explains this feeling, this
He tips Addie extra well, an extra five, since the things with Cas won’t pan out for her. He gets it. Cas is everything, more than everything, and unattainable. At least she had the guts to try.
means, Cas continues. “I’m sorry it took me so long to come to you, I was admittedly a little worried about seeing you after... what happened. And then Jack needed guidance. He’s doing well, but he needed help figuring out how to work this new Heaven. He needed ideas of what would be best for you, for Sam, and for everyone else so I needed to help him.”
Dean glances down and away at the cutting board, a blush heating up his cheeks. He coughs and rubs his sleeve against his nose, fighting back a smile. “Thanks, Cas.”
“You know I had been so nervous that morning,” Dean admits, guiding Cas from his spot next to the dresser back to bed so they can eat together. Cas watches as Dean picks up a piece of bacon, taking a bite and crunching away on it while he continues. “After everything we’d been through, with Chuck and the world ending, I still thought it was too good to be true that this was actually happening, that you were going to be marrying me. Good things don’t happen for me, ya know?”
They come seconds apart into Cas’ fist. Dean pants Cas’ name against his lips, breathless and completely undone. He doesn’t miss the way Cas’ eyes spark blue right as he comes, and the stained glass window behind him shatters into a thousand colorful pieces.
After putting away the remnants of breakfast, Cas goes to “work.” He wanders around their little house looking for clues about this life. Now that Dean’s gone for the next eight hours, he’s half-expecting Chuck’s voice to pop out, like a loudspeaker out of the sky, telling him how he and Dean got here. No such sign comes, which complicates the situation further. This could be a dream - he’s certainly had dreams about Dean before, but none so vivid.
Billie pounds her fist against the door, and it shakes under the force of the blows. The warding will hold, but not long enough. There isn’t time, they’re going to die here,
For a moment, Dean can’t move. He’s frozen, in shock from the knowledge that Cas wants this too. Cas’ thumb stays at the center of his lip, waiting, tracing over his lip delicately. Like Dean himself is something sacred. Pursing his lips, Dean kisses the pad of Cas’ thumb. He leans forward and presses his forehead against Cas’, tugging gently on the side of his neck to bring him closer. Against him, Cas is warm. His pulse flutters under Dean’s fingers and grace slips out from under his skin wherever they’re touching, sinking into Dean’s body. It fills him with heat and peace, but there’s a frenzied touch to it, neediness buried underneath that Dean allows himself to finally act upon.
“Dean,” Cas says, firm, ducking as Verna takes a swing at him, the blade whooshing through the air above his head. “Fight this.”
“Can I do anything like that?” Dean asks. He looks down at his own hands, slowly turning them over and over, in wonder at his own power.
“Right,” Cas agrees. He seems to be finished eating and is now in the process of delicately licking barbecue sauce from the ribs off each of his fingers, slowly driving Dean insane. Apparently, Cas is unable to use wet wipes like a regular person, and instead chose the sexually frustrating way to get clean.
“We’re in 114, but we’re going to have to share again,” Cas states. He peers into the bag, noting a foil-wrapped cheeseburger and small cup of waffle fries.
Back in the Impala Dean heads east, straight towards the bunker. Towards home. It will take a few days to get back and with Cas’ weakening state, he’s less inclined to do the long haul drive as he used to. Normally, Cas doesn’t sleep, but with how he keeps dozing off in the passenger seat next to him, Dean thinks a comfy sleep in a bed will do him good and may even help replenish what little grace he has left more quickly.
Mary pauses from her place at the kitchen counter where she’s cutting off the crusts of a PB&J. Dean watches her smile, wide and radiant like the sun shining in through the kitchen window behind her.
Now, with the heat of the shower and his own thoughts of Dean floating around his brain, his desire has returned.
Later, in the kitchen, Cas stands across the island from Dean, his fingers covered in water from washing tomatoes. He’s helping Dean prep vegetables for dinner, though Dean has yet to tell him what they’re cooking.
A sigh punches from his throat, a shaky shutter, dousing the fire inside him. He shuffles forward, reaching out a hand towards Sam, offering him as much of a smile as he can muster.
Dean chuckles and breathes out a shaky breath. “I got you.” With an easy motion, Dean moves his hands and lifts Cas up, practically cradling him against his chest.  For a moment, Cas can’t find it in himself to breathe.
A breathy gasp leaves Cas’ lips when Dean starts grinding against him, every roll of his hips sending a rush of arousal through his body. He leans in, kissing Dean like it’s the last thing he’ll ever do, and matches Dean’s pace of rocking their hips together. It’s too much. Tears prick at his eyes. He’s utterly overwhelmed with love for Dean and can feel himself quickly falling apart.
, something Dean would have dreamed about having in childhood. He parks on the side of the street up against a freshly made curb and turns to look at Cas.
“Oh,” Cas says, realizing. “So they’re serious then?” He’d known that Sam had feelings for her, but after she left, he wasn’t sure if it would be permanent. The Winchesters tend to not manage to keep people they care about around for long. Most of the time, Cas isn’t sure how he’s stayed.
“What was your plan for today?” Cas asks, and Dean is thankful for him in taking away the awkwardness of the moment.
Days pass, turning into weeks or so Cas surmises. Time in Heaven passes at an unknown pace, the sun still rises and the moon replaces her at dusk, but it’s immeasurable to anyone, even the angels. Only Jack knows the structure of time, the holder of the fate of all things. Cas isn’t sure how long he’s stayed in Dean’s home before he finally starts to settle in. It takes a bit. At first, he’s worried that this whole arrangement is temporary, somehow he’ll be pulled away from Dean and never be allowed to return. But there’s no evil out there that has it out for him, Jack protects them, keeps the demons and monsters at bay, only stopping by to say hello or to answer requests the souls in Heaven have for him. Jack keeps it all spinning by himself, controlling Chuck’s power with ease.
They’re near the landing now; all it would take is one slight push to fling the djinn down the stairs. If Dean plans it right, he might get out relatively unscathed.
There’s a rustle in the bushes a few yards behind him and Dean whips around, gun trained on the spot. A rabbit bounds towards him, dashing across his toes and off into the underbrush.
The words catch on the tip of his tongue, sink back and knot in his throat. He steals a glance at Cas, hoping maybe they’ll just pour out of him. Cas looks back expectantly, all openness and curiosity, probably from the strange look on Dean’s face. Dean swallows thick and the words go with, falling into a pit at the base of his stomach. He offers Cas a weak smile and looks back at the road.
“Birds,” Dean says, immediately. “And... maybe trucks, or more cars at least. More animals. I wasn’t gonna say anything, but sometimes it’s hard to sleep. It's too quiet.”
Tears prick at his eyes, physical evidence of the Cas-shaped longing that’s always been present in his heart only growing stronger since Cas’ confession. He thinks about this little two-story cabin Cas created for him, plucked from Dean’s hidden dreams, nearly perfect in every way, save the lack of Cas’ presence. The intimate bedrooms, beds placed neatly next to large windows in view of sunrise for a gentle wake-up call. A clean kitchen with ample space and appliances, similar to the one in the bunker but rustic, homey, a place for Dean to cook to his heart’s content. It's easy to see Cas here next to him, Dean teaching the art of making the perfect pie. Dean thinks about seeing Cas' trench coat and suit jacket discarded, his white sleeves rolled up baring tanned forearms and strong hands. How those hands were so skilled at killing, but able to heal with a touch too.
His cock curves upward, the head dark red, brushing against his stomach aching and needy. Cas slicks up his hand and gives it a few good strokes, thumb rubbing his slit, sighing softly as a jolt of pleasure rolls down his spine. He gets off quickly, chasing orgasm, letting his thoughts run wild about Dean. Remembering how good it felt to have Dean’s lips around his cock, how they grinded together that day he left, coming just like that, wanting to feel each other. It doesn’t take much to push him over the edge with how worked up he is. He comes into his fist, biting down hard on his lip to stop himself from moaning Dean’s name.
The staircase curves upward another floor, but Dean checks all of the rooms first with military efficiency. At the end of the main hallway, one of the doors is partially open, the smell of something rotting from inside. Covering his nose with his shirt, Dean kicks the door fully open and peers inside. A body of a middle-aged man is strung up from the ceiling, hands tied and head drooping from his shoulders -- he can’t have been dead more than a few days, his body barely starting to decay, despite the stench. From the looks of it, that’s Johnathan Redder, the missing man the whole town of Cascadia had been searching for for the past week.
sees Dean. Dirt streaks cover his face, dotted over his cheeks and forehead. There are tear stains by his nose, gaps where the dirt washed free, skin shiny in the low light. There’s a wide gash right below his collarbone, seeping blood into his shirt. But it’s Dean,
He looks at Cas and wants to touch him in ways he’d never dared before. To disrobe him underneath the sun in this sanctuary, feel the warmth of Cas’ grace pulse under his lips. Dean wonders if Cas tastes like stardust.
“Cas? Hey, buddy, you gotta wake up. C’mon.” Dean takes Cas’ face between his palms, patting his cheeks, trying to force him awake.
Taking another sip of beer, Dean looks contemplative, like he’s got more to share. Cas runs his hand over Miracle’s head, listening to her quiet snores. “You know at first, it was a bit weird having you around all the time. I wasn’t used to it, I mean it’s great I love it. Just seems too good to be true sometimes, after... everything.” Dean swallows thick, Adam’s apple bobbing and casts his eyes down to his lap where Miracle rests.
Cas’ thumb rubs into the side of Dean’s hand, comforting. A rush of grace flows through Dean, not for healing but it calms him just the same. Taking his eyes off the road, Dean chances a look at Cas and finds him looking back, there’s sadness in his eyes but understanding reflected back at him.
Cas had no intention to refuse him, but he still sees his fate sealing before his eyes, regret already filling him at how he’d resisted telling Dean earlier. They would not have been in this situation if he had. He nods slowly, rising to his feet, fingers trailing up Dean’s back and away as he stands, one last touch before it’s all inevitably ripped away. “We do.”
“Yes,” Cas breathes. His teeth catch Dean’s bottom lip and tug. “Anything you want, Dean. Anything.”
He realizes he’d been staring down the hallway where Cas went off to, so he turns back around to Sam. “I don’t know, man. He’s acting funky and he doesn’t wanna talk about it.”
Steps come pounding up the stairs, closer now. Dean saws faster, the rope turning to ribbons, falling like sawdust at his feet. The rope snaps and Cas falls right into Dean’s arms, Dean catching him and gently guiding him to the floor. Shoving the trenchcoat under his head, Dean pats Cas’ cheek one more time. “Don’t you dare die on me.”
Cas nods. “I’m growing weaker every day. I don’t know if it’s Chuck or the lack of angels in heaven causing the lapse in power but I fear soon it’ll be gone completely.”
Heart pounding in his chest, Cas turns around in Dean’s arms to face him and feels all the breath vanish from his lungs at the sight. He’s never seen Dean like this -- so relaxed, eyelashes heavy from sleep, the freckles on his cheeks highlighted in the sunrays. His hair is sticking up on one side, fluffed from the pillow, and Cas has the urge to run his fingers through it.
Dean moves off Cas’ lap briefly, only to slide the rest of his clothes off and leave him naked, and then he climbs back onto Cas and
Taking a deep breath in through his nose, Cas releases it to calm himself down and decides to try and move. He moves his fingers first, unclasping them from around Dean’s middle, and slides his arms back towards himself. Dean shifts suddenly, snore shorting into a snort, and burrows deeper into the pillow. His hands grapple blindly in sleep but reach up and cling tight to Cas’ forearms, pulling them back tighter around his waist.
Cas raises his hand, spreads his fingers and hovers his palm a few inches from the wound. “It’s my choice.” A dim glow comes out of his hand, with a low hum, and in seconds Dean’s skin is smoothed over, stitches and wound healed. When Cas pulls back, he notices his hand is trembling and not from exertion.
Cas slips the ring back onto his finger and looks around the room for some sort of indication. It’s a small room but neatly decorated, a wide dresser a few feet from the base of the bed with a few framed pictures arranged on top. There’s one of Sam and Eileen, facing each other and holding hands, matching lovesick smiles on their faces. Eileen is wearing a white dress, simple and lacy, a cupped sleeve falling off one shoulder. Sam’s wearing a tux, clean and black with a stark red tie.
“You found something to read?” Dean asks. He leans his hip against the door frame and stuffs one hand into his pocket.
Angling the knife upwards towards his chest, just out of sight, Cas pulls back to look at Dean, to take one last good look at this dream he wants so badly, and yet knows can never be.
Ahead of him is a grand, curved staircase, looking very worse for wear. Dean moves to step forward, but freezes mid-stride when he hears a shuffle from a nearby room. Darting around the corner, he angles his knife for attack. Inside his chest, his heart pounds erratically. He hears squeaking floorboards and heavy footsteps of someone getting closer.
“What do I do?” He asks. Dean feels silly almost, asking his Mom advice on this. He’s an adult, he should know what to do, but in his mind she still has all the answers the scared little boy inside of him doesn’t know how to find.
Sam shrugs. “Spirits aren’t always logical; it was still a secret she was hiding from people she loved.”
Dean smirks and revs the engine and stuffs a handful of M&M’s into his mouth. “Thanks for not ruining my car.”
“It’s not done yet, but welcome!” With a wide swoop of his arm, Dean gestures towards the inside of the house. Miracle runs up the steps in front of them, rushing through the door, barking.
“Please.” Cas’ hands settle on Dean’s hips as he dips his head down, kissing Dean’s neck until he reaches his collarbone, sucking there until a mark is left by his mouth and Dean is trembling in his arms.
It seemed like Dean had been startled by seeing Cas shirtless. Probably because it was awkward, something Cas still fails to understand most of the time. He shrugs to himself and gets busy dressing.
They wash their plates side by side -- Dean washing, Cas drying -- similar to how Cas remembers doing so at the bunker. While he’s finishing up with the last dish, Dean’s arms snake around his waist, and his chin notches into the space between his shoulder and neck.
“Dean needs me,” Cas states. He takes one last sip of his beer, a lingering glance at the stars high above, and stands up, turning to head inside the house.
It’s not possible for a being like Cas to love Dean, to be in love with him, to want all the human things Dean wants with him. The most Dean can hope for,
The door creaks as it’s pulled open, revealing Mary, a soft smile appearing on her face the moment she sees Dean.
Dean shrugs. “Nothing exciting, fought a Djinn, it got a little hairy and I might have nicked myself with my own blade when trying to stab it.”
Dean shrugs, taking a small sip of his coffee. “Yeah, I should.” He looks up at Mary, finds her open and attentive. This shouldn’t be scary, he knows that his Mom will love him no matter what, yet the prospect of telling her about everything with Cas seems more daunting than he imagined. He takes a deep breath and starts talking.
Often, Cas wonders if Dean yearns for physical companionship in ways Cas cannot fulfill for him, though he would be eager to if Dean would have him. If that is the case, Dean doesn’t search it out. Dean stays to the house mostly, and when he leaves Cas finds him fishing or visiting with his family and friends. Miracle stays at his side, even on the dock, wagging her tail and barking excitedly when Dean catches something, large bass usually that Dean cooks later on that evening for dinner. Sometimes they’ll both head over to Harvelle’s to chat with Bobby, Ellen, and Jo. They visit with Sam and Eileen often, now that she’s arrived, and Dean’s parents, usually when John is gone. Cas knows that as much as Dean respects his father, he intends to avoid him, even here, as much as he can. His mother though, Dean finds time to spend with her often, still trying to make up for his lost childhood.
Dean seems frozen in place. His mouth is parted, eyes wide, and his cheeks flushed. Awkwardly, he gestures to the door with his hands. “I’m... uh... gonna go take my bag to the car and I’ll be back.” He fumbles with his words and his cheeks grow redder somehow.
He comes nearly a minute later, barely managing to warn Dean with a sharp tug on his hair, before coating his mouth and chin. The sight of Dean on his knees, come dripping off his lips, and his cock hard and aching pressed up against his stomach is too much for Cas to deal with.
Out on the interstate with the highway empty in front of them, Dean slides his hand over, finding Cas’, and interlocks their fingers. He feels his hand lift up, and then Cas presses a chaste kiss there. Looking over in surprise, Dean finds Cas smiling, brilliantly, the sun a backdrop nearly as radiant. Dean knows at that moment, without a shadow of a doubt, that they will beat Chuck, save this world they call home, and maybe end up getting a little slice of the kind of life Cas dreamed about after all.
He feels even better once he gets out of the shower, muscles lax from the heat, the adrenaline high of his orgasm still fuzzy in his head. Drying off, he ties the towel around his waist and steps out into the cool of the motel room. His duffle is on the far side of the bed, and he digs through it looking for a clean pair of clothes. Realistically, he could put back on his typical trench coat and suit outfit, but due to his weakened state temperature changes have been affecting him more lately, meaning jeans and a t-shirt are more fitting.
Castiel’s grace soars and lights him up from the inside out. Around him, The Empty burns bright with a white hot light and confused sounds fill the void, awakened beings coming to life in the sudden sun. It’s only a matter of time before The Empty itself shows up, enraged and ready to throw out whoever disturbed its sleep.
Dean’s not sure how long they stay there, breathing together, watching the light slowly fade around them as the sun starts its descent towards the horizon.
Cas turns towards him, walking closer and smiles. “I think it looks like everything you’ve ever wanted.”
Addie stops by then, leaving their coffees. She doesn’t linger long, her flirtatious streak gone now, no doubt due to Cas’ lack of interest. He watches her leave and then turns his gaze back to Cas, who is taking a sip of his coffee, cheeks pink.
Dean wants to see him like this always, falling apart at one simple touch, making him feel a fraction of what Dean feels for him.
Their house doesn’t boast much of anything out of the ordinary, filled with regular home items outside of the pictures hanging on the walls. Cas notes that there are a few from their hunting days he never realized Dean had taken. Eventually, he finds himself in the garage.
Dean picks it up and traces his finger over the image of Charles and Matthew. Emotion wells up inside him. “Yeah,” he says, voice hoarse. He clears his throat and continues, “I’m sure the church didn’t like that.”
“They were in love,” Cas states. He sighs, almost wistful and places the picture onto the edge of the altar, before walking a few feet away from Dean.
He feels someone kiss the back of his neck, short and sweet, accompanied by a squeeze around his waist. “Morning,” says a gruff voice, scratchy from sleep, from behind him. He’d know that voice anywhere.
Something in Dean’s brain clicks, all the puzzle pieces of devotion, pain, and years of history between them finally comes together. It builds in Dean’s chest manifesting in a sort of unwavering ache he’s never felt before.
“Uh, well I was finishing up getting the house ready, but I wanted to try to bake my first Heaven pie.”
Cas squeezes back and then drops Dean’s hand, moving his palm to cover his own thigh. “Let’s go home,” he says.
“Even in the Empty?” Dean asks. He thinks of the words he said then, in the hours after Cas was taken from him as he sat on the cold cement floor of the dungeon, and later sprawled out on the Bunker’s floor, alcohol soaring in his veins.
Cas looks over at him, with a quirky smile. “I wanted you to have restful sleep, it seems I forget there are natural sounds that might have aided that.”
They return to the bunker late the next afternoon. Sam is waiting for them with burgers and beers already spread out on the map table and doesn’t even make some smart-ass comment about their diets. While they eat, Sam updates them on what he’s learned about Chuck, which ends up being a steaming pile of nothing. Probably hiding out somewhere, planning his next move on how to fuck up their lives six ways to Sunday.
“Sure,” Cas answers. Dean gives him a soft smile, then jogs back up the back steps towards the kitchen. Cas watches him go, enjoying the view of how Dean’s shirt hangs off his shoulders, the way his jeans fit him just so, tight on his ass that has Cas wanting to follow him inside and kiss him up against the fridge. He swallows thick and turns back to his thoughts that do not involve Dean and kissing, instead focusing on the exact image of a squirrel and the sound of a truck horn blaring in the middle of the night.
Even in sleep, Dean remains the most beautiful human Castiel has ever seen -- the soft rise and fall of his chest, his lips slightly parted, palms pressed together almost in prayer beneath the pillow. His soul shines bright, vibrating a melodic sound, calling out to Castiel’s grace.
Dean drops to his knees and nods, looking up at Cas. His hands ghost up and down Cas’ thighs before making eye contact and circling his tongue around the head of Cas’ cock. He drags the head over his lips, a sight which makes Cas moan and reach down with his hand, gripping Dean’s hair to tug him closer, encouraging him until Dean sucks him all the way down. Dean’s mouth is hot, velvety soft, and Cas bucks his hips impatiently. Dean pulls back off to lick up the side and then takes him deep, bobbing his head, keeping eye contact.
It’s deserted out here in the middle of the forest. Hopefully, by the time anyone finds this house, the wind will have knocked it over, hiding the remains of the bodies inside until centuries later. If the world lasts that long.
It’s a fact, irrefutable even to his self-loathing mind, but one that if you’d asked him months ago he wouldn’t have been so sure. Times have changed, and the real Dean has changed too. Broken down, and made himself vulnerable to Cas. Cas should still be mad about what Dean had said to him, but he’s never one for holding grudges, at least not against Dean.
Cas’ hands drop to cover Dean’s where they rest over his stomach, slipping his fingers between Dean’s and interlocking their hands. He sways, just slightly, keeping Dean tight against him. In front of them, the sunset brightens.
Alone in the middle of space, looking down on the galaxy he helped bring into being, Castiel remembers how finite this all is. Hundreds of thousands of years from now, maybe millions if they’re lucky, the Milky Way will blink out of existence. And all will be forgotten.
Dean nods. “Yep, I’m heading into the garage in about twenty minutes. I wanted to make you breakfast, though. You seemed a little out of it this morning so I figured you needed a pick-me-up.”
Dean laughs, and it comes out in a choked sob, one he’d been trying to conceal. “I won’t. And, yeah, forever sounds good.”
Cas covers Dean’s hand with his own, warm fingers slotting between Dean’s and squeezing.“I love you too,” he says, resolute. Dean holds onto the words, ingrains them into his memory, places them somewhere deep inside his brain next to the sound of Mary’s laugh from when he was four.
Dean hand feeds him a piece of bacon, thumb dragging over the edge of Cas’ bottom lip. Cas, in his astonishment, just starts chewing.
While they kiss, Cas walks Dean backwards, until Dean’s ass bumps into the altar. Cas’s hands drop down and go for his hips, easily lifting him up on top of the surface and crowding between his legs. Pausing Dean parts his thighs and nudges Cas forward so his thigh slots between Dean’s legs.
less romantic lyrically and, as Dean said, when he gave Cas the mixtape, “A song to drive or fuck to.” Next to him, Dean dances in the seat, bobbing his head and belting out the lyrics. So it will be driving, not… the other option.
Pausing, Cas sucks in a deep breath of air, eyelashes fluttering shut. He exhales and a small smile flits onto his mouth. “Sacred ground.”
“You should leave me alone,” the djinn snarls, breathing heavily as it walks back towards the stairs. “You should leave your friend alone. He’s happy where I put him. He’ll never wake up.”
Today is Saturday, which means Dean doesn’t work, instead, he gets up a little later than normal and fixes pancakes with chocolate chips for breakfast. He brings it to Cas a few minutes after Cas has woken up, giving him a sweet kiss and a mug of coffee.
A smile twitches onto his face and he kicks off his shoes, dipping his toes into the warm sand, heading to join Cas.
He finds Dean staring back at him in awe, eyes wide and sparkling in the sun. “That’s amazing, Cas.”
Nothing, just trees and burned Leviathan blossoms, their leaves charred and the fruit missing, leaving a dark hole where the pink tongue-like flower once was. At the edge of the sigil, there’s a gap in the warding, rubbed off in the dirt. They took Cas somewhere. Panic flutters in his chest, a quick wingbeat.
Dean glances down at the sticky mess between their bodies and groans in disgust. His muscles tighten and he starts to pull away to get up. Cas grips him tighter, keeping him there.
“I know,” Dean says. “Here.” He hands Cas the burger and ICEE as Cas’ eyes light up like a little kid on Christmas.
“Well, yeah, I just... “ Dean clears his throat and slides the cassette into the tape deck with a click. “Didn’t think you’d still have it.”
They share breath, and Dean takes the heat of Cas’ weighted gaze, feels it to the depths of his soul, and it’s
Dean offers him a sympathetic smile and takes his leave, not wanting to take up any more of this mourning man’s time.
Moments later, a sense of peace fills Dean’s soul. Exuberant, a taste of freedom, of what Heaven should be. Dean feels light for the first time in years, maybe ever, like he’s a little kid again and that he can have anything he wants if he only reaches out to take it.
Mary squeezes his hand again and that gets Dean to look back up at her. Her own eyes are watery and there’s a sad sort of smile on her mouth. “I didn’t know, not for sure. I had my suspicions. It was clear that there was some kind of connection between the two of you I didn’t understand, but I could tell that Cas was special to you.”
He sits on one of the beds, facing the other, folding his hands in his lap. Dean matches him, sitting on the opposite bed. It’s already too far away for Cas’ liking.
They make out like this, Dean straddling Cas on the bed in the dim light, hands exploring each other, trading slow kisses. More than anything, Cas wants to freeze this moment and stay here with Dean like this, forget about Chuck and about the rest of the world. Nothing exists except for Dean’s body warm against his, the quiet whines leaving his throat while they kiss, and the wet slide of their lips together.
“Uh... hi. I found breakfast.” Dean says, and if Cas isn’t mistaken he hears Dean’s voice wobble a little on the last word.
He pauses, rolls the edge of the comforter between two fingers, and sighs. “After everything with The Empty and with Chuck, I thought you were dead. But you’re not and...I miss you.”
But, as with everything in how he exists and how he loves, Dean included, Cas is the exception to every rule.
“Yeah, well, good luck getting anyone to stick around me for too long,” Dean mutters. He means it as a joke, but Cas hears the self-deprecation hidden underneath.
“I’d like that, Dean,” Cas says, soft and pleased. Dean does dare to look at him, finding Cas staring back at him, so much visible love in his eyes it’s almost too much to bear.
“Miracle seems to have settled in well,” Cas says, nodding towards Miracle, as she runs at them, tongue hanging out of her mouth.
is. He can’t read Dean’s thoughts but with his powers fully back, he feels Dean longing for something
Leaving Milford and knowing Chuck was really gone, something felt different. Dean wanted to savor this temporary freedom for as long as he could. There was a chance that the next time Chuck showed up, they’d all end up dead.
Mary looks around at the house, gaze settling on a picture of her, John, Sam, and Dean from many years ago that’s nestled in the corner of the kitchen near the oven. “It’s taken a while to settle in with this new Heaven but what Jack and Cas created is an improvement. Most of my memories, at least the older ones, were good. But I didn’t like living in them. I wanted to live and I’m so thankful they decided to give us this second chance at life. I think I’m happy,
“I know,” Cas answers. He shifts in his seat and Dean hears the leather squeak under him. “I’ll think about it.”
They eat inside the motel room, warily watching the mirror for any signs of movement or foul play. It’s propped up against the closet next to the bathroom, reflecting their faces back at them in its pristinely clear image.
Dean doesn’t answer and Cas doesn’t expect him to. Instead, he shifts closer and taps Cas’ shoulder. “Put your arm around my neck and I’ll lift you up.”
There are more pictures scattered around the house. Thankfully, a few of them include Cas in front of a history lecture hall at what appears to be a local community college. At least the profession fits, as Cas
Dean pulls back at some point, desperate for air, dragging his mouth down Cas' jawline and panting against his skin. “Can we?” Dean gasps, kissing the notch of skin beneath Cas’ ear. He doesn’t finish his sentence, but Cas doesn’t need him to.
Tunnel-vision encompasses him and he rushes forward, knife tumbling to the ground at his feet, as he touches Cas’ cheeks, feeling around until he finds his pulse point. He breathes a sigh of relief. Cas is okay, just..off in dreamland. Cas looks a little worse for wear; he’s been strung up by his wrists to the ceiling similar to how Johnathan had been, muscles lax, and his trenchcoat discarded onto the floor near the window. There’s a few scrapes on his face, blood still wet. His white shirt is stained from dirt, and his tie is loose on his neck.
“What do you need?” Cas asks. He may not have done this with a man before, but he’s willing to do whatever Dean wants him to.
Dean shrugs and takes a sip of his beer, looking away from Cas. “Djinn prey on what you want most. They’re not perfect and neither am I. I am Just a version of him, but I can give you everything you want, Cas. You just have to stay.”
“Well,” Cas says, eyes darting down to the ground, and briefly petting Miracle. “I heard all of them.”
His fingers twitch to touch Dean’s cheek, hold his face in his hands. Cas curves his fingers around Dean’s wrist instead, index finger over Dean’s pulse, feeling the quick thrum against his skin. He waits until Dean looks up at him, eyes damp and terrified. “Do you really think, after everything, I’d leave you?”
Once he’s on his feet and standing, Dean’s arm securely around his upper back and shoulder, Cas feels a little woozy and exhausted, but otherwise normal. He takes a few deep breaths to steady himself and then looks over at Dean, who is watching him intently.
He turns around, facing the house, admiring it in the afternoon light. It’s simple from the outside, quaint, robin’s egg blue paint covering the walls with whitewashed shutters.
Cas sighs, thinking about the implications of sharing a bed with Dean for the second night in a row. It’s just his luck. “Yes, that’ll be fine.”
Cas kneels down behind the altar and Dean goes to him, curious as to what he’s found. Rising to his feet, Cas reveals a small polaroid resting in his palm. Hovering over Cas’ shoulder, Dean peers down. His heart stutters in his throat at the image before him. It’s faded on the edges and browned from weather damage, but the two men are clear. One, dark-haired with eyes eerily similar to Cas’, is wearing a cassock: a priest. He’s grinning and his arm is wrapped around the other man. The other is clad in regular clothes, a polo and jeans, with slightly lighter hair. He’s leaning in and kissing the priest’s cheek, smiling as he does, eyes crinkling at the corners from obvious joy.
Dean’s shaky as he stands, but Cas slides a steady arm around him as he pulls him flush. His hand slides down Dean’s chest, dropping lower until he wraps his fingers around Dean’s cock, thumbing at his slit. “I got you.”
“We were married,” Cas says, and looks up then, watching as shock registers on Dean’s face. He doesn’t run out of the room, doesn’t get angry, so Cas continues. “Silver band and everything. Sam and Eileen were married too. There were pictures of all of us everywhere, we seemed... sentimental.”
In Heaven, Dean can manifest anything he could want with just a simple thought. Not Cas’ presence of course, but any item he can dream up is readily available to him. Back at the Bunker there had been an old record player in the library room, vintage from the early 1900s, decorated in ornate wood with little birds carved into the outside. In between hunts, when he’d get it into his head to cook a large meal for his family or deep clean the kitchen, he’d put on Zeppelin records and let her spin for a few hours, tuning out the rest of the world except for music. He thinks of the record player now, closes his eyes and draws out its image from his memory. When he opens his eyes again the record player is sitting a few feet away in the corner of the living room up against the wall. On the shelves underneath are all of the records he had back at the Bunker stacked neatly and ready for use.
“Your father just left,” she says, pulling back to look at him. “He went to see Bobby I think. They were going to shoot pool at Harvelle’s and drink for a bit, not sure.”
Dean’s hands come to rest on Cas’ biceps, desperation in his eyes as he touches him gently. Those hands slide up to cup Cas’ cheeks, thumbs stroking over his jaw. “Don’t leave me.”
“I waited until I saw this,” Cas says pulling out the Leviathan blossom from safekeeping inside his coat. “It got a little smushed.”
The spray is extra hot on his skin, making it turn red. Around him steam rises, swirling up to the vent in the ceiling. Standing with his back to the spray, Cas allows the pressure of the water to ease the tension of the past day from his muscles. Earlier, when he woke up with Dean in his arms, Cas had realized his cock was half-hard and he was in danger of Dean very quickly figuring that out. He’d taken care of the issue with a surge of his grace, quelling his arousal and scooting back enough that Dean was none the wiser.
This is what he’ll miss once he leaves, the casual touches, the softness Cas knows his Dean has inside him but refuses to let show. He hopes that one day someone will be able to bring that side of him out. Cas will do what he needs to in order to make sure Dean has that chance. After all he’s been through in his life, Dean deserves something good, even if Cas isn’t there to witness it.
slipped past Cas’ lips in the Bunker’s dungeon so long ago, Dean feels wholly loved and free. Cas had said that Dean changed him, but in reality, they both changed each other.
He adjusts the sign, tilting it up so it’s even again and then looks over at Dean, the hint of a smile playing on his lips. “Shall we go inside?”
Dean waves him off. He’d honestly forgotten about the scratch until right now. It doesn’t hurt, not really. He was more worried about getting Cas back to the car and situated and finding a safe place for them to hold out in for the night. “I’ll deal with it in a bit. It’s just a scratch.”
“Amazing,” Cas states. Amazing doesn’t cover the need to wrap Dean up further into his arms, and hide the both of them away from the rest of the world, away from Chuck, and just
There isn’t much that signifies anything about their current life in this future other than the pictures he finds around the house.
He does. This is a dream, after all. Dean sighs, mouth quirking up into the hint of a smile before leaning in to press their lips together.
In the morning, Cas wakes early, with the rising of the sun. The ache in his head from the remnants of the Djinn poison has subsided, leaving only an itch near his temples. He’s warm, curled up in the blankets, and something hot and firm is trapped in his arms. It takes a few seconds to register where he is.
“I never even got the chance to say it back, to tell him how I feel and now he’s not answering and I just—I don’t know. Maybe being in Heaven changed him and he doesn’t feel that way anymore but I— I want him here with me and I don’t know what to do.” A few tears slip down Dean’s cheeks and he wipes them away with the sleeve of his flannel.
When Dean wakes it’s to the stench of burning -- foul and sour like someone lit a rotten apple on fire. Momentarily disoriented, head aching, he pushes up onto his elbow, gun still held tight in his hand and glances around.
Dean meets Sam’s eyes, finds him looking back, despondent. Looking over at Cas, Dean remembers Purgatory, remembers his prayer, remembers the relief he felt rounding the corner and finding Cas there, waiting for him. He’d held onto his anger for so long, let it fester until it ate him up from the inside out and turned him into someone he doesn’t like.
Cas peers up at him, eyes narrowing. He’s holding the trench coat around his shoulders and looks more adorable than Dean’s tired mind can deal with right now. “No, it can’t.”
“Give him time, maybe he’s scared too. After all, you didn’t get to tell him how you feel and he didn’t expect to ever get the chance to see you again.”
“Anyway,” Dean states, ready to change the subject right the fuck now. “Sam found us a case. Ghost thing up in Wisconsin. He thinks it has something to do with secrets. You in?”
For the first time since Chuck came back, Dean is certain about what is real. In the car, Cas at his side, Zeppelin crooning from the stereo - he knows, feels it in the depths of his soul, that this thing between them is right. It wasn’t a part of Chuck’s plan, they never were; Cas was never part of the equation in Sam’s visions. Dean can’t help but see that as a grave mistake now, because for him, Cas is the most integral piece of the endless puzzle that is his life finally slotting into place.
Tonight, things feel different, heightened yet comforting at the same time. Loving Dean is akin to the exhilaration that comes from flying, but being around him is the closest Cas has ever felt to having a home. He craves the closeness he wishes Dean would give him, their bodies wrapped up around one another, hidden under blankets and away from the rest of the world. They’ll come close tonight and it will be enough. It will have to be.
“It will be ready in a few hours, I’m gonna go put on some music. Whatcha wanna listen to?” Dean asks. He pats his hands dry on the apron and heads into the next room.
Cas turns, resting his trenchcoat-clad arms onto the top of the Impala, a small smile just for Dean on his lips. “Ready?”
“Clearly,” Cas deadpans, looking over at the kitchen where Addie wandered off to, then back to Dean. He leans forward and narrows his eyes. “You’re still bleeding.”
him and that thought alone is enough to make Dean’s knees weak and thankful that he’s not standing. He lets Cas hold onto him while they kiss, keeping their bodies flush together. Something broke within Cas. He’s always so put together, angelic power contained in the small frame of a human. But now, he seems more human than Dean’s ever known, falling apart at the seams from one touch of Dean’s lips on his skin.
Dean looks at him, their eyes meeting. If Cas isn’t mistaken, he leans into the touch of Cas’ hand. “Yeah,” he says, soft. “I think so. Just feels like I got the wind knocked outta me.”
, Cas,” Dean explains. He pauses at the top of the stairs to the deck. It wraps around the back and front of the house, built out of dark cedar wood, fashioned by Cas’ own hands. Dean has yet to set up furniture on the outside, but he imagines two rocking chairs, adjacent to each other facing the lake, a small table placed between them. Somewhere to relax in the evenings and watch the sunset with Cas at his side. He looks at Cas now, who’s paused next to him, the hint of a smile playing on his lips.
“I don’t know. It looked like Kansas, might have even been Lebanon. I was in a house, a small one, very Stepford as you would say. You were there, and we were... normal. No hunting, no monsters, no God -- just us. A college history teacher and a mechanic with a garage full of hunting weapons starting to rust from lack of use.”
They lie together, finding breath again, bodies twined together. Come is drying on his skin in a way that's rather gross, but Cas doesn’t have it in himself to move. His eyes flutter open and he finds Dean inches away, staring back at him, a dopey smile on his lips.
, Dean thinks. The words form in his mouth and then, like falling off a precipice, fall in a rush from his lips.
The following morning, Dean goes to see Mary. John and Mary’s house is a few miles from his, only a short drive away whenever he wants to see his Mom, but far enough away that seeing them, especially his Dad, is on Dean’s terms. Heaven is a new chance for Dean to continue being the man he wants to be, the man Cas knew he was, away from the influence of his Dad. Though he will remain cordial with John, Dean will only spend as much time with him as he needs to no more.
Cas himself feels normal. He takes a second to search internally, gauging for the flutter of electric energy from his grace. There’s nothing but his quick, even heartbeat, and the awareness that some of his muscles ache -- his calves, neck, and back -- reverberating a low level of pain. Human, he’s human again.
plays, throwing Cas back into nostalgia of cowboy hats and Dean’s exuberant joy of all things western. Cas tries to watch, he does, but he focuses on the tremble of Dean’s soul, the awakened lightness now present there. The ache reverberating in Dean’s soul remains, but dimmed some. Before, where Cas had sensed fear, it’s gone. Instead, there’s just a lingering need Cas is unable to decipher. He leans into Dean’s hand, the touch he’s been freely given, of comfort, need, or of their talk from a few minutes ago. It’s new and he welcomes it, even though Dean’s intention is no doubt platonic, he’ll take whatever Dean is willing to give.
“I... uh gotta use the bathroom,” Dean says, voice quiet, and he nudges at Cas’ arms wrapped tight around him.
It has character, and Dean can appreciate that. The rooms are clean, with only a minimal smell of mothballs and cigarette smoke, so that’s more than he could ask for. They get a room with two beds this time; Dean tries not to be too disappointed he won’t get to wake up cuddling Cas by accident again.
“Thank you, Cas.” Dean lets his gaze lock with Cas’, the sparkling blue of them, brightened in the sun. He needs Cas to know how thankful he really is, for everything, for saving him, and sacrificing himself to save the universe.
Cas shakes his head. “No, he’s managing now. Once he fully grasped how to control Chuck’s power and the good it could do for the world and Heaven, he no longer needs my assistance. I’m—” Cas pauses, looking too forlorn for Dean’s liking. “I’m not sure what I will do. I hadn’t expected Jack to retrieve me from the Empty, nor return my wings and restructure my grace.”
“That takes all the fun out of it. Sure, I’ll give myself a beer every now and again without getting up from the porch, but food is a process, it’s a way I show love I guess and I want to do it with my own hands,” Dean explains.
“Come back to me,” Cas says. He grabs Dean’s bicep, covering the spot where the mark of his handprint used to be. Focusing his energy on his limited grace, he forces as much of it as he can muster directly into Dean’s arm, rejoining their connection. A rush of electricity flows back through him, zinging through his body, lighting up Dean’s arm with a neon blue handprint.
Their eyes lock and Cas feels the intensity of it like a living thing, a flutter in his chest. He’s supposed to kiss Dean now. That’s what’s supposed to happen, in another world that isn’t this one where he’s allowed to do that sort of thing.
“Why me?” Cas asks, trying to give himself some time. Mentally, he catalogs where Dean put his lighter. It’s usually in his pants pocket, but he always has a spare in his bag somewhere. Out of the corner of his eye, Cas sees the can of salt resting on the ledge beneath the window. If he could just grab the salt and find the lighter, he could end this.
He slips Led Zeppelin self-titled into the player, smiling when he hears the familiar click and whir noise of it starting to spin, and the first guitar strums drift out. Miracle bounds in from the other room at the sound of the music, jumping up on his thigh, and rubbing her head against his hand. Dean gives her a quick squeeze and kneels down next to the record collection, eager to re-organize them and add a few more he never got the chance to purchase back on Earth.
“I figured I’d go into the garden for a while. Tend to the flowers, commune with the bees so to speak. Do you have plans?”
Reaching over his shoulder, Cas slides his fingers through his wings, ghosting over the feathers until he finds one that’s starting to come loose. He grasps the feather and tugs it free with a pained grunt.
“Dean,” Cas says. Like a prayer, like Dean is something holy, the beginning and end of all things contained in one breath of his name.
Dean swallows down the fear bubbling up in the back of his throat, angles his gun towards the trees, and starts walking.
Together they head inside, shoulders and hat brims bumping while they walk through the padded down dirt and tall grass leading back to the house. Cas reaches over and takes Dean’s hand in his, clinging tight.
That’s the last Dean heard, despite calling Cas at least five times in the ten-minute drive across town to get to the aforementioned forest.
He tends to not indulge himself, unless he can’t help it, those times when his thoughts of Dean overpower his logic. In this case, that’s exactly what is happening. Being with him in that other world, learning how Dean’s mouth would fit to his, seeing how beautiful he looks when he comes, watching how easily he fell apart from Cas’ hands - it’s too much.
Dean shrugs, biting off a big piece of pancake and chewing while he talks. “I dunno, thought I'd tune up Baby a bit. Her engine sounded a little funky on my way to work yesterday, so I should probably check it out.”
He pauses when he gets to the kitchen, peeking into the fridge and finding it well stocked with a variety of food. There’s a freshly baked apple pie sitting on the center shelf.
Dean’s eyes find his — warm now, no longer filled with tears — searching Cas’ face. Cas isn’t sure exactly
There’s a half-smile on Cas’ face while he sleeps and the trench coat is pulled up against his chin like a blanket. He looks so peaceful and relaxed that Dean hates to disturb him. An itch to reach up and card his fingers through Cas’ hair comes over him, but Dean swallows thick and ignores it, reaching out to tap Cas on the shoulder.
Cas has had dreams similar to this before, but this feels different. He can’t pinpoint why but everything feels more realistic. Dreams are like that sometimes, vivid in a way that has him yearning for Dean in ways he knows he will never have.
A sign stating, “Entering Kansas,” comes into view in the distance and Dean flicks his blinker on, turning left at the next dirt road. He’s not ready to go home yet.
Cas, once again all-powerful like when Dean first met him, a comet attached to a wavelength of grace, is preoccupied with fixing Heaven. There’s no way his proud declaration of love for Dean from before the Empty took him still rings true. His grace had been fading, allowing human weakness to seep in. A weakness that Dean’s existence created from the moment Castiel pulled him out of Hell. But now Cas is whole again, in Heaven where he started, and working to make Heaven something that the souls spending eternity here will enjoy.
Cas is so obsessed with ICEEs, not that he blames him. Ever since he introduced Cas to them about a year ago after a hunt, he’s demanded to have one whenever they stop at a convenience store. Blue raspberry or bust.
“Do you know who did this to you?” He chose to ask, an attempt to get Dean talking without straying into uncharted territory.
“Yes... and no.” the man smiles. His teeth are mostly rotted, some gone entirely. He can feel Dean shiver from across the room. “
“Then we’d better get a move on. C’mon.” Dean groans as he steps out of the warm sanctuary of the vehicle and out into the crisp morning air. By the time they make it a few feet into the woods the cold hurts his face and, angel or not, Castiel already regrets not making Dean buy them gloves and scarves when they were at the store.
It’s just as dark as when he left it, but the room feels much warmer now that he’s been outside. He tries to step quietly, to slip under the covers of his bed without a sound, but the creak of the mattress when he returns to his place gives him away. Dean turns over, eyes barely creaking open as he swipes the back of his hand across them. Castiel sighs.
Pain heightened to another plane of reality; fire burn of open leaking wounds simmers into the low heat of arousal that builds steadily in his gut. Dean is absolutely positive he’s never been so turned on in his life.
Now though, back in the bunker, Dean was struggling to hold his tongue, no doubt afraid his lashing out would be worse than normal. Sam didn’t really want to hear it, but knowing Dean
of feathers sounds overhead while Dean’s eyes are screwed shut. They snap open at the familiar sound and suddenly there’s no air in his lungs. Cas is there, entirely there. His wings tower overhead, blocking out the dingy light precariously attached to the ceiling. The room dims because of them. Large feathers coat the wings, black and oil-slicked like he had rolled in a puddle at a gas station. Light refracted off of them in such a way that Dean wasn’t entirely convinced they were real. So, even with Cas’s firm hand wrapped around Dean’s hard cock, pumping him dry and rough, Dean reaches up to touch them.
“Well, this is a pretty open-and-close case, don’t you think, Cas?” Dean says, already placing the sheets back over the bodies to slide them back into their cubbies.
Dean dropped his eyes, clearly having a silent battle of his own in his head. Castiel let him brew for a moment, wasting any amount of time possible as the time for Rowena’s arrival undoubtedly dwindled. Sam had wanted Castiel to get Dean to talk so it wouldn’t get worse, but this was proving to be too much for even Castiel to handle. His hands wrung together in his lap, sweaty and rough. The feeling in his chest he always had around Dean was so much more incessant now, prominently pushing against his ribs, demanding to be felt. It had been much worse when he was human, but after he was able to figure out what it had been, even a return to angel status couldn’t lessen it. It burned hotly in him, begging him to take Dean’s hand, to just go ahead and ask what he was dying to know, to confess while he could only get an honest response out of Dean. But, shame settled in next to it, the fear of taking advantage of Dean and the situation was almost sickening. He shook his head, hoping beyond hope that Dean would just take the bait and talk about the hunt.
There’s dust on everything and the shuffling of small animals can be heard above them. There’s likely a loft or an attic that they’ve used to hide out, much the same as they are doing. Despite it’s oddities and troubles, it’s cozy enough and a very welcome place.
The drive is less enjoyable than the last two, lasting much longer and with no real destination to look forward to. Castiel shifts in his seat ever so slightly and is thankful that Dean fails to notice. Being cramped up in a vehicle when his wings were usually spread out was not pleasant, but he would continue to keep that to himself. Manifesting them would only make it worse, wings corporeally tucked behind him would undoubtedly be
The line goes dead before Castiel can answer, but that’s alright. There wasn’t much more that needed to be said. His phone lights up a few seconds later, the text detailing the case and where to meet taking up the screen. With no need for a GPS, Castiel notes the city and starts his car. At least the long drive will be illustrated; bare bark blurring outside of his windows. Winter may be the dead season, but there is nothing near the comfort of such elegantly white calm. Winter is still, and so Castiel moves within it.
“Yeah.” Dean replied before he finished his question, leaning up to the bedside table and pulling open the drawer to grab a small purple bottle and a condom. He dropped them on the bed next to him and got comfortable again. Castiel paused to take in the full sight of him. The Righteous Man was spread out under him, open and wanting Castiel to take him. He was beautiful. Breathtaking. The freckles dotted across his face and sprinkled on his chest were more mesmerizing than the night sky and Castiel was sure he could get lost counting them all. He dragged his eyes over everything, how perfect his legs looked on either side of him, how gorgeous those glass green eyes were all lidded and full of lust. Suddenly, looking wasn’t enough. He leaned down and planted a kiss on Dean’s lips, hot and heavy. Dean immediately tangled his fingers in Castiel’s hair again, drawing a moan out from him. He ground his hips down onto Dean’s, his erection pushing against Dean’s spent cock, ushering in another wave of blood to his and proving to Castiel he was ready.
“Cas!” Came Sam’s voice, turning his attention away from the kitchen and towards the library. When he walked up the short steps, he found Sam huddled over a few books, his phone beside it overflowing with text messages. He tilted his head in confusion.
“I did what I had to do, Dean. You are alive and that is all that matters to me.” Castiel is aware of how that sounds, but Dean is in his arms and his fingers are but inches from sensitive feathers and Castiel can’t find it in him to take any more steps back from this. Whatever Dean wanted he would hand over in a heartbeat.
There is barely a moment between Dean’s body hitting the floor and the mass of people pulling out their own guns. The man in charge had a smaller gun, intricate likely because it was a favourite, like Dean’s. The other’s though, most of their arms were carrying semi-automatics, a few holding ones similar to their leader’s instead. The man was saying something- “not human”?- at him but all he could hear was a roaring in his ears. He could feel the presses on the triggers the second before they happened and he moves before he can process what he’s doing.
“No.” Dean interjects, cutting Cas off from his obvious train of thought. He didn’t want to see them like they were in the barn, large shadows cast against the wall. He wanted to
“Hello, boys.” The voice comes from a woman, her stance just in front of another three currently occupied bodies. They shift behind her, feigning the need to pop joints.
“Cas, we gotta talk.” Dean voiced, finally pulling his hands from the towel. He didn’t check to make sure Castiel was following as he trudged out of the library and down the hall. Castiel cast an anxious glance in Sam’s direction, but he just gave him a shrug before turning to talk with Rowena.
The diner is close and it doesn’t take long for a peppy waitress to come by their table, miniature notebook and pen in hand. Dean orders the same meaty breakfast he does at most of these places, and Castiel orders coffee. Sometimes he orders food just so Dean can have more, but with their next destination being a morgue, he finds that this is not one of those times.
“Cas!” comes Dean’s voice, labored and shaken. Castiel doesn’t waste a moment looking at the ground and just follows the sound. Dean’s shouts for him grow more frantic as he gets closer and - is that water?
“I am an Angel of the Lord, boy,” Castiel grinds out, reveling a little selfishly in the way the man starts to tremble, “and you have just incurred the wrath of Heaven.”
“Are you- Dean, are you sure? If you want to take it back, I’ll never mention it again, but so help me if you don’t say you don’t want this-”
“Cas…?” his voice is quiet again, small as it sounded before this whole night went sour. It causes something to ache in Castiel’s chest again.
Cas was so frustratingly, devastatingly handsome and Dean has been able to ignore his wants, his longing for so long, but in the dim light of the cemetery, covered in blood, he was intoxicating.
Castiel softened his gaze and sat down across from Dean like he did moments ago with Sam. Sam, who had been right about Castiel having some burning questions. He felt his own face heat up, but tried to stay focused.
Despite Dean’s protests, Castiel gets up to grab a warm washcloth, favoring clean up the old fashioned way. Cleaned but not yet dressed, Castiel crawls back into the bed beside Dean and pulls the man close. Dean nuzzles into his chest and Castiel can feel the way his heart is still hammering away. While he was up, Castiel had tucked his wings back out of Dean’s view, sighing at the sudden relief of stronger healing. Back in bed, he feels the familiar sensation of them phasing through the mattress, but for once, he doesn’t care.
Sam laughs when he tells him that the people were fine, meaning them getting stuck in the woods for a few days is extra hilarious. He doesn’t know that the cabin gave him everything, gave him more than he could have hoped for, so he lets his brother laugh as he holds Castiel’s hand in the front seat.
and then Castiel stops. He pulls away, lapping up what had gathered at the tip and watching with interest as Dean throws his head back against the pillow.
. The world stops spinning because time doesn’t need to move forward if they’re held here like this. There are hands on his face before Castiel can bring his to brush against Dean’s side. Dean’s mouth is still cold but it gets warmer by the second, plush lips moving against his own to blanket him in warmth. Kissing Dean is like tasting the stars; it’s drinking from the fountain in the Garden when God is no longer watching. Dean’s mouth is a better sanctuary than Heaven has ever been and he will never again seek revelation from above when it tastes so much sweeter on Dean’s lips.
“Is there anything I can do to help?” Castiel felt repetitive, always asking instead of just finding something to do.
“What do you want, Dean?” he asks as the tie finally falls from his fingertips to the floor. Dean’s eyes watch it land before snapping back up to meet his own. His lips are parted beautifully, shallow breaths escaping in short bursts.
In town, they have little luck. When they ask questions, whether or not they show their badges first, they receive short responses. Either no one really knows much or no one is willing to tell them. To be fair, after the slew of tourists going missing, after years of warning travelers not to go out there, it’s no wonder they no longer see the point in it.
and Castiel is helpless to deny him. In a moment his fingers are slicked and pressed up against him, adding hints of pressure when Dean moans.
Castiel shakes his head, huffing out a small laugh as he lifts his gaze towards Dean. “I have seen every one. From the beginning of it all, Dean. It is never any less beautiful than the first.” He is unsure why, but a soft pink hue dusts over Dean’s cheeks at that.
“Yes, Dean?” He tries not to look, tries to keep his eyes on the fire and away from the burning pull of Dean’s skin.
Dean tastes divine, sun-kissed and heady on his tongue. When he says Castiel’s name, it’s in prayer, lips sealed as comes. Castiel could live in that moment forever; the taste of him in his mouth and his voice reverberating in his head, behind his ribs.
It takes Castiel just over his predetermined 24 hours to reach the motel Dean has since said he would be staying in. Pulling up to the back of the lot, Castiel spots the sleek black impala stationed near a room and he parks his own car beside it. By the time Castiel reaches the door, Dean is pulling it open, a wide grin on his face.
“Wha-? How did you-?” Comes the scratchy voice of the man in charge. Dean huffs by his side, a mere few steps in front of him, and Castiel starts looking for an escape. Unfortunately, the crowd in the barn decide escape is not an option.
Another wave of fury hits him and Castiel stands with poise. He shakes out his wings, trying not to cringe as a few more chunks of bloodied feathers float to the ground. The man who was previously so smug stands stalk still, eyes unmoving from Castiel’s body.
An idea pops in Dean’s head and he sends it to Cas without parting his lips. They both grin eagerly and at this point, Dean feels like nothing will get better than this. This soul-deep, inhuman connection they have runs through them like the flowing of a river carved out in the land. Its current is strong and unending, no true starting point or end to it. He could feel Cas in his mind as clearly as he could feel him in his hands, his essence was already a part of him, why not go all in?
Eyes shining, they’re together. Dean burns bright against him, his honey whiskey soul pressing in close to Castiel’s Grace. It’s fire and ice, Summer and Winter; it’s Heaven dismantled to it’s finest pieces as they move together beyond their vision.
Castiel relays this information to Dean with a look and a display of numbers via his fingers. Dean blinks, surprised at the number, but relieved it seems they are still asleep. The bottle from earlier could have been moved by a mouse, after all.
Briskly, he marched from the quiet kitchen into the bustling library. They were all moving about, gathering ingredients from drawers and shelves around the room and setting them beside the bowl Rowena had placed in the center of the table. It seemed they were finishing up that task when Castiel walked in, and Dean was the only one who didn’t turn towards him as he came near.
“Ready to hit the road?” Deans asks, loading up the purchases from the night before into a backpack he had stored in the trunk. They’d need it as soon as they were parked somewhere on the outskirts of the woods so it was best to prepare it beforehand.
“Because if I touch you, I’m afraid I won’t want to stop. I’m afraid of what will happen if I touch you and you ask me to go. You- Dean, you have no idea how intoxicating you are. Being close to you is like being next to the sun. You are the most amazing man that I have ever met and I-”
Dean hums around his fingers, pleased with himself, and Castiel leans down to take another kiss from him. He can taste himself there and it’s downright sinful the way they taste together.
Castiel does exactly what he’s been longing to for years. He crosses the stained motel carpet in a few quick bounds, wraps his borrowed fingers into the collar of Dean’s jacket and yanks him back to his mouth. He kisses him, needy and fervent and hot, tasting him with every shred of desire he has bottled up in his chest. It’s heady, intoxicating; all too much and nowhere near enough.
Dean parks and hops out quickly, Castiel watching as he runs around the front of the car to come up to his side and pull the door open. It’s cheesy and cliché and Castiel can’t stop smiling as he steps out of the car and puts his hand in Dean’s. He leads them inside and with the place being almost empty, they get seated right away.
“Cas?” Dean’s voice is hoarse, Castiel tries not to smirk in pride; he thinks lust and greed are enough sins for today.
That’s when he hears it - a shuffle, a slip, thuds and scrapes and breathes heaving from exhausted lungs - and his stomach drops.
“No, I’m not busy. What is it?” The cold outside his rolled-down window starts to make his nose ache, so ungloved fingers hold onto the ‘roll up’ button as he answers. If Dean can hear the loud electronic sound of the glass shifting, then he doesn’t comment on it. As usual, there is a reason for the call.
“Yes, Dean. I love you.” Castiel says it again, reveling in the way it feels on his tongue, the way his chest tightens with it. He dares to reach up and places a hand tentatively on Dean’s shoulder. Once more, his dam breaks.
“Then surprise me, Pizza Man.” Dean grinned devilishly at him, a hand on either hip. Castiel’s cock twitched at the shift in his voice, the low rumble hitting him in his lower abdomen. He felt the growl at the back of his throat more than heard it and he shifted them a little to get more comfortable.
Cas is a little more careful removing Dean’s pants and boxers and then he’s there, naked and bleeding out on a rented bed underneath the steady and hungry gaze of the almighty divine. The wound on the back of his thigh wasn’t stopping up yet and it only took a few seconds before there was a growing pool of it underneath him. As he lays in his own blood, eyes trained on the disrobing seraph kneeling on the dirty motel bed, Dean sends a silent prayer to his angel.
Castiel rakes in a deep breath, feeling the ice around him seep into his lungs. It’s good, grounding. Being so close to Dean again - sometimes it’s too much. Over the years, Castiel has realized what the churning in his stomach means. He knows why his heart beats faster, why he wants to be so close. But that also means he knows why he can’t let himself get closer.
Castiel wets his lips and lets his eyes fall to his fingers, tangled together in front of him. “Do you know how many times I’ve seen it happen?” he takes his chance to turn his answer into a question of his own.
He wants - so much, he wants - to hold him, to take those darkened fingers into his own and bring him peace, safety. He wants to feel Dean come back to him in his hands, to wrap him up in his arms and be the fire that saves him. Instead of stepping closer, he walks towards the logs in the corner, ignoring the tight feeling in his chest. He carries them over into the empty fireplace and stacks them until there’s enough to get a decent fire going. There are dried out leaves near the logs so he tosses those in there too. Then, he takes the matches from the backpack and lights one up, watching as the flame spreads from the small chip of wood in his fingers to the brush and logs he’s gathered. It’s good, warm, and it’s better for Dean than his own hands would be.
Instead of doing that, Dean shifts up, letting the covers fully fall from his shoulders as he swings his legs over the side of the bed to situate himself into a proper sitting position. Castiel wasn’t going to win this one.
“Cas…” Dean looks up at him, flecks of ice on his eyelashes to match the slightly blue tint to his lips. Those blue lips quiver and it’s all Castiel can do not to press his own to them.
He finds a small nub hidden in the feathers and tentatively presses his fingers against it, pulling an all new, utterly destroyed sound from his lover’s lips. Listening to Cas was even more intoxicating than kissing him. It was like he was high, soul soaring somewhere beyond his body trying to catch the noises that floated away from him. When he pulls his fingers away from the nub, he notices they’re wet.
“No,” Dean answers, making Castiel look up from his readings, “don’t know what good it’d do either. There’s no bodies to look at and they’d tell us about as much as those articles will, except they’ll also tell us not to go out there.”
When the door closes behind them, they both breathe out in relief. The walls seem sturdier from the inside and they do their best to shelter them from the wind and snow. It’s still cold inside as it’s clear whomever owns the place either no longer cares to keep it running, or no longer can. It doesn’t matter though; there’s a fireplace in the living room and stacks of old wood piled in the corner. There are threadbare blankets on the dusty couch and stiff candles left on shelves that line the walls.
They sit by the fire until the colour comes back to their features and the feeling returns to their fingers. They sit together, Dean with the blanket around his shoulders, until the sun no longer peeks through the dusted windows.
“Looks like we got ya delivery today, Benz.” The first man speaks. The crowd steps back, not a single face without a smile. Castiel licks his lips in anticipation as he watches the man that fetched the vampire remove the ropes around his wrists.
He removes the last bit of clothing and reaches into Dean’s bag, brushing his hand through the items until they land on a bottle, cold and heavy, and a small tin square. He doesn’t miss the way Dean smiles, shy as his ears turn pink.
He pulls the bed closer and ignores Dean’s look as he instructs him to get settled. Dean does, shifting from the floorboards onto the mattress, hands careful to keep the blanket wrapped tight around himself. The mattress has got to be warmer than the floor; it
Castiel grins and steals one more kiss before returning to his position near Dean’s hips. In one swift motion, he frees Dean from the covers. His previous suspicion is confirmed then. He’s bare, hard and wanting.
“Yeah, Cas, you drive me crazy. Like up the wall, off my rocker crazy. You always stand so close to me, I can’t take it. The way you talk, how you look at me, the way you
“Dean.” is all he says, choosing to raise his arm towards that opening. There’s no guarantee that what’s there will be useful, but moving is better than staying still.
“Cas, I like you.” Dean says, the words coming out raspy and strained. “Fuck, it’s more than that. I… Cas, I love you.”
Castiel takes him in again, lips wrapped tightly as he moves. His moan is desperate, close to an edge Castiel wants to hear him tip over. He wants to taste him on his tongue; wants to feel Heaven’s greatest weapon be undone in the mouth of his own tainted divinity.
Castiel pulls himself off of Dean, off of the bed, and walks to the bag left discarded on the floor. Dean groans at his departure, but after he grabs a cloth and wets it in the bathroom sink, Dean’s noises turn grateful. He cleans them up, clearing the bed of everything but the covers and crawls back in next to him.
” Dean whispers, the hand gripping Castiel’s side releases it’s hold on him and slowly raises towards his back. “Fuck, Cas, what happened to them?”
He can’t look at Castiel; his head turns towards the window as he tries to hide the furious blush on his cheeks. “Are you really gonna make me say-”
“Cas… oh my god.” the words come out in a single rush of air through red tinted lips. They’re puffy and bitten and Castiel wants to taste them, so he does. He kisses Dean until he can’t breathe, until they’re both smiling and laughing into each other’s skin. It’s perfect, golden.
There’s something sinfully sweet about the way Dean can’t finish that sentence as he pushes a finger past his rim.
He can vaguely hear the shuffle of the other demons when he remembers the way they had been piled on Cas.
Castiel kisses his neck again just to feel him move against him. Dean moves his hips up to buck into Castiel’s, letting loose another shameful groan at the contact.
“What did you see?” Castiel asks, hand still firmly pressed into the mark on Dean’s shoulder. Though Dean was safe, he didn’t want to let him go. Dean screws his eyes shut, mind grappling for a way to put it into words.
his name, a prayer, not actually spoken from his lips but pleaded through the press of hands on his hips. Castiel tilts his head down and connects their lips once more. Dean deepens the kiss immediately, desperate for as much as Castiel would give him. He presses his hips against Dean’s, ripping a groan from him. Castiel smiles in satisfaction against Dean’s mouth as he repeats the motion.
Freed, the vampire takes a few quick steps forward towards Castiel. Castiel takes another deep and unnecessary breath; this would be the easy part. The vampire surges forward and Castiel blinks to the side, movement spurred by unseeable wings. A step out of the way, Castiel firmly plants his knee into the stomach of the beast, causing him to double over just long enough for Dean to close the distance. The vampire doesn’t even know what hit him and as quickly as that scene started, it ended. The severed head rolls onto the dirt and a stunned silence fills the room.
“Where’d they go? Ghouls can’t just disappear like that. What the Hell?” says Dean, a slightly irritated groan in his voice. He had
They do get one helpful comment however, spilled from the mouth of an alternative looking teenager. She spoke of how her mother’s best friend went missing when they were her age, along with a few more of their friends. Her mother hadn’t gone with them on the trip that day because she had been feeling under the weather - the lucky sickness, she had called it. There wasn’t much that rescuers could do and after weeks of searching and a few more locals disappearing, they called off the searches, asking that no one enter the woods unless you were a seasoned hiker. And now, even the seasoned hikers no longer go out there.
Castiel understands; he feels it growing in his own gut as well and he needs it, needs to feel his soul in his hands when he comes. One hand comes up to wrap around Dean’s length, eliciting a lewd moan and another round of begging, and the other comes up to rest against the brand on Dean’s shoulder.
sound the moment his fingers bury deep in the feathers. It’s loud and guttural and just so fucking beautiful that Dean immediately brushes his fingers through them more just to hear it again. Moans and harsh breaths fall from the angel’s lips as Dean tugs at the feathers, fingers roaming to find all sorts of pleasure points hidden in the avian brush. It’s almost like a game, pushing and pulling and rubbing as Cas struggles to focus his ministrations on Dean’s cock. Dean doesn’t even care about what he’s getting right now with all those fucking
His other hand instinctively goes to Dean’s shoulder, a steadying hold to ground himself more than Dean. Beneath the layers of fabric, he still feels the presence of his handprint, one left there so many years ago. His grace lingers in it, a small well of power stored as a seal on Dean’s soul. Under his hands, Dean begins to stir. Castiel can feel Dean’s soul reaching out to his grace; he can feel his longing and his want, his desperate attempts to get a good grip on him. Castiel’s grace lingers just out of reach, weaving him together from the inside much like he did after the first time he laid eyes on Dean. He can feel Dean coming alive under his palms and he can see him grappling at his grace for purchase. He wants nothing more than to give it to him; to let Dean take as much of him as he wants. Castiel would wring himself dry if that’s what Dean wished for. He would give every last scrap of his grace to Dean, every morsel of divinity that wretched beneath his skin.
“Perhaps it was the hand holding.” Castiel smiles, lifting his own burger to his lips. He hadn’t wanted food over their stay in the cabin, but the burger smells good and it tastes even better.
“I’d say fingers crossed there’s something up there, but I can’t feel them enough to cross them.” Dean huffs out, a nervous laugh fleeing his mouth. It pains Castiel more than the cold.
Dean talks about the case; how, based off of the piece printed in the paper, it was likely to be vampires but that he wanted to check the victims to be sure. Vampires were always Dean’s favourite, so when Dean had asked him to accompany him on this one because his brother Sam was already with Jody and the girls assisting on their own hunt, Castiel agreed. He would have agreed regardless of the monster, but Dean always seemed just a little more at ease when it was vampires and Castiel lived for the rare moments that Dean smiled.
And all hope for letting this go shatters on the floor. If Castiel can touch, if he can have this, he wants whatever Dean is willing to give. Without breaking the kiss, Castiel rolls Dean over onto his back and frames his body with his thighs. Air rushes from Dean’s lungs in heavy puffs and when Castiel pulls back to lean on his heels he can see the harsh blush painted heavy on his cheeks.
“Take it back? You’re kidding, right? I’ve been in love with you for years, I don’t think-” Dean cuts himself off this time, features painting themselves a deep red. Castiel stops-the world stops. There is no forward motion through time, no slight changes in the seasons; there’s only Dean, beautiful and effervescent, standing in front of him with love on his lips.
The dam breaks. Dean is against him, pushing as much of his body against Castiel’s as he can manage. Their mouths slot together again, hard presses of tender lips aching for more. He swipes his tongue along the seam of Dean’s mouth, reveling in the way he opens up for him. A needy sound comes from Dean’s throat and Castiel is undone.
He wants Dean to feel him as much as he had needed to taste him, so he removes the last piece of clothing keeping them apart and crawls back to where he was sitting before, legs framing Dean’s torso.
At the top, they see it. The trees break away, revealing a frozen over path up to a large cabin. It’s wood appears to be rotting in places; the roof threatens to cave in if the snow gets too heavy. There were bushes there once, thriving and bright in the Spring but shriveled and dying in the snow as they stand. Around the cabin, the windows appear fogged, dirty and smudged from lack of cleaning. Even the wood that holds it up seems worn, but it’s sturdy enough, Castiel thinks, and it’s a break from the wind and snow.
In the kitchen, there are cans of food, likely long since expired, but still probably consumable if necessary. The stove appears to be from the 70s and Castiel doubts it would work even if the rest of the building was up and running anyway. The fridge is old too, cold only due to the air filling the cabin and not from it fulfilling its purpose.
Dean brings the oil covered fingers to his battered lips, slowly rubbing them over their cracks like a balm before shoving them in his mouth. Cas’s breath hitches at the sight and there was no way to hinder the quick upturn of his lips. It tastes heavenly, floral and heady and sweet. Cas watches him with the utmost attention, unblinking and focused. Dean could revel in that gaze for eternity. In fact, he just might.
