An offended air washed over Dean as his brother passed him. What was wrong with what he said? It was the truth. He shrugged. Jealousy never did look good on Sam. Granted, with his freakishly tall stature and broad shoulders, not much did, Dean thought smugly. Don’t even get him started on that long hair of his.
— and see what’s available in case you like the idea.”
The next instant, they both closed the gap between them as they slid across the black leather of the bench seat. Their mouths met in glorious fashion as though they were two magnets drawn to each other. Castiel’s lips parted and Dean slid his tongue into the opening like they had been doing this forever. If only. A hunger had been awakened in them both. Moans filled the Impala. Starvation was not healthy.
As he was about to say just that, Dean spoke once more.
“I think Dean would consider it,” Jack countered.
“Your mother and I will see you then.”
Dean smiled knowing the storyteller baton had just been passed. Without any ado, he launched into his narrative about him and Lisa. He was just as open and honest as Cas had been regarding Kelly. As he spoke, Dean kept waiting for the tightness in his chest that usually came when he relived their highs and lows. This was the first time he had told the account in awhile and was relieved to learn that what he had believed was true. Not only had he moved on, but he also had made peace with his regrets so they no longer held sway over him.
starven for what you have promised me for years now.” It almost looks like he wants to fight the smile on his face when he adds, “Your touch promises me
Sometimes it feels like meeting another boat on an ocean full of strangers. A boat that’s always a welcome partner. They wave at each other from afar, happily, and dance together. And every time they part, Dean is afraid to look back and wave, but he knows the time has been good.
Self-pity was unproductive, seeing how Castiel still had a task to fulfill. However, he hid away deeply into Heaven before starting another try to recruit him. This time with a proper vessel, not the cosmic vision that could not see Dean Winchester bleeding.
“Evenin’!”
Dean’s ribcage morphs into stone.
“Then you wanna invite him to your birthday? If Kaia and the others hit it off with him, too?”
Cas wouldn’t. Surely.
“Urgh,” her daddy says with a face, “nobody likes to be
Fuck, this is good. Talk about a mistletoe kiss.
Looking carefully around, Dean sneaks onto the marketplace. He knows, technically, that there is nothing wrong with being in a public place at midnight, even if it might be a sign of falling into bad ways. The folks around here were a bit snobbish after all. More importantly, however – it’s Christmas Eve, and Dean has no intention of anyone witnessing his holiday secret.
And looks ridiculously tiny in front of it.
Lips pressed together, Dean takes his Batman mug. “Perfect timing,” he says. “Yeah,” Jack agrees, “thank you.”
It was done. Commanding his heart to calm down, Castiel laid the light back into the body resting in the coffin. It had been a tough mission but successful at last.
“I drew a picture of a tiger,” Jack says and carefully hands her the paper. “Here, with lots of hearts. Then he’ll know it’s from
He should keep it simple.
Jack dreads the partner search for the children’s ‘crocodile’. He does not know who to ask, because everybody is already holding another child’s hand, but then Claire’s blond head pops out of the crowd next to him. She wears her beautiful black jacket again. Jack finds it fitting for someone who’s almost six. She’s one of the kids who will go to primary school soon.
Dean stares like his brain just shorted out.
“We have a dog.”
“Just tell him that it’s from my dad!” Jack explains in a half-whisper.
“You aren’t. I… It’s my fault, I’m the one to blame,” Cas says with a happy shake of his head, and Dean wants to
They bake together and talk a bit more, about this and that. About how enthusiastically Jack had helped bake the first sheet and hasn’t let anything burn. About how busy the streets were with Christmas shoppers. “It was… quite the buzz.”
“Hell yeah.” Dean smiles and lets Cas cuddle him for a while. Lets him press a kiss to Dean’s lips. Then to his jaw, his neck, and then his lips again, while holding him tight.
This was not at all about making Dean Winchester devout, Castiel thought.
Listening closely, Cas takes in everything Dean says. Then nods. “You are no douche,” he says simply and pulls Dean into another hug, trenchcoat scratching gently against his exposed skin. Cas’ fingers rub tender circles on his shoulder as the two sway in silence, and Dean realizes it’s okay. It’s apologetic. All is good between them.
Cas thinks he’d push him away.
“You are impossible,” Dean sighs. “You wanted to do this in the bathroom doorway, you kinky bastard.” Projecting, ha.
When Dean withdraws, breathing heavily, he notices the afterimage of a rainbow-colored halo around Castiel’s dark hair. “You’re gorgeous…”
“He is alive,” Castiel assured him awkwardly.
. The plan was ruined. Would they be okay?
“What about the family business?” Cas asks out of nowhere. “Your father, he…”
As they quietly sink into the routine of their task when they resume it, Dean once again realizes how much he has missed Cas’ company, despite basically living with him. He misses it every day. It’s strange and kind of pathetic. But Dean likes it. He likes being sappy, and he likes being sappy
Oh, he wishes his angel would just speak…!
“Merry Christmas,” Dean says. He only dares to look at the tree top again when Fitzgerald has disappeared around the Northern corner. The angel is gone.
Dean sweats. “Yeah – thanks – I mean – something other than that, perhaps?” He inhales deeply. “A little more, y’know – fancier? Downtown, just the two of us?”
almost completely naked. Aren’t you cold?”
“I’ve broken with my father, Cas,” Dean says in a sturdy voice. “Okay? He has no say in what I do or don’t anymore. I left. I wanted to do something on my own. Sammy knows all about business laws, so I thought I’d have a crack at it.” He shifts. “To make things with my hands, y’know? Not use them for harm anymore?”
Right, Dean still did not know
“Ahh, true, true. The kids are lovin’ the cinnamon raisin bread, by the way. I’m sure I’ll have to visit you again before New Year.”
No, oh, fuck no. Poor angel, is all Dean can think. He totally misunderstood the whole thing. Much to Dean’s misery.
Dean smiles. “Glad to hear they like it.”
“Here,” Jack says and turns the book around to show Dean a woodcut. Vivid memories of 2007 shiver down his spine.
“You too.”
What is wrong with me? Castiel wondered. He felt disappointment. And embarrassment.
“Huh,” Dean says, “I knew that.” He takes a sip of his coffee and walks back to the kitchen. “Either way,” he calls over his shoulder, “I’m gonna get you two under that bad boy.” Or Cas, he adds in his mind. It’s too cute a picture to not imagine it.
Clueless human. She did not know the danger of summoning an angel. Castiel stopped dead in his tracks to make her go away, but she was persistent. How was that possible?
are you texting?”
, Castiel answered, unwavering.
He stopped in his tracks – this was the first time he could really see Dean Winchester’s soul. It was dancing like fire. Curiously, Castiel reached out to touch it, to feel that it was soft and gentle in its burning. Like
-ˋˏ ༻☆༺ ˎˊ-
“Incapable,” Dean presses out with a terrible frown. “Of… loving someone this way. Loving someone like me this way. God, I’m so sorry. I never would’ve pushed you away, Cas.” He swallows. “You and I, we… we wanted the same thing. I might’ve been weird about it at first, because I’m a fucking douche. But not in the long run, not with you.”
“Yeah?” Dean falters. “W-what did you want to ask me?”
“Yeah,” was the dry reply. “Thanks for that.” There was nothing grateful about that voice.
He lets Dean cup his face and stroke a thumb over the blush that sits so high on his cheekbones. The lights flicker with when he blissfully presses out his name, again and again.
“Thanks, I feel naked now,” he says with a swallow. And probably a blush, considering the heat creeping into his cheeks.
Unfortunately, Dean is miserable enough to carry it in his mind even on the next day, too.
would mock him.
, Balthazar said with disinterest. Castiel and he listened as their siblings sang in the Heavenly choirs. If Dean could hear this, could hear
Well – it wasn’t what he had practiced in Enochian. But it answered Dean’s probing question of who had saved him from Hell.
Afterwards, everyone played soccer. Jack was not that good at it yet, but his mood lightens up when Claire’s daddy brings the nougat muffins and marshmallows. There are also vegetables, but no one except Kevin eats those.
“Never got sick wrom this,” he manages to say before swallowing. He knows that Cas can’t taste things the way humans do, but he still sticks out the bowl for him to take some dough. They often make him try things just for the social experience of it.
was the perfect moment. Still somewhat excited, Castiel tried again, this time properly.
“What?”
mistletoes were, while standing in front of him in nothing but boxer briefs and Santa socks.
They have a passionate snowball fight in the middle of the night, but Dean retreats once Sam catches Eileen from behind and holds her still for a kiss that is accompanied by the single most cheesiest handholding Dean has ever seen in his entire life. And he watched Hallmark movies, for God’s sake. Time to get inside and under a hot shower.
It’s just that, with Castiel, it is easy to be himself.
“No,” Dean says decidedly, only half-joking, “it’s for snacking.” He shoves a far too big chunk of dough into his mouth, just for demonstration, and grins at Cas, whose features harden after a moment or two.
“Event starts at seven,” Dean reported. “We go on at eight. We’ll get there around 6:30 for a soundcheck. Shouldn’t be too bad since it’s just us and a couple of guitars. The perks of going acoustic.”
dreamy. Thank you for noticing. But I’m taken.” His head bobbed in toward Cas.
A pause. “That last bit sounded dirtier than I intended.”
“Awww,” she smirked. “You love me, baby? I had no idea.”
“Get your ass up front,” Dean ordered breathily. “I have an idea.”
Cherry. Meet sundae.
“Well, look at you.” Dean closed the gap between them. He was very impressed, not to mention turned on. “That might have been the sexiest thing I have ever heard. And even more so because it came from you.”
Dean pulls him into a tight hug. Feels Cas grasp his vest like a lifeline, wings shimmering beautifully. And Dean swears he hears the air sing, or at least his own heart, when Cas says, “I will never leave you.”
, and Dean rolls back his shoulders with a deep breath. Sober up.
“As if
Cas agrees with a smile, and, although Dean has made a habit of it by now, it takes him a moment to realize that Dean is holding the door for him. Adorable.
Especially when they are spent doing stuff like washing Baby, or doing grocery shopping, or baking Christmas cookies. Cas likes using the snowman cookie cutter. Somewhen, he says that it kind of looks like Dean – which makes absolutely no sense, but Cas delights in his own comparison anyway.
“Say something,” Dean pleads.
“Then they will be engaged this summer?”
Breathing in deeply – the air smells of winter green and magic now – Dean steps closer, and the scrunching snow makes Cas turn around. His angular face lights up. “Hello, Dean.”
“Well, leave some for the cookies, sugarplum fairy,” Dean jokes and snatches the bowl away with a grin to distract himself from his crazy heartbeat.
“He went outside with Eileen before I left.”
Cas smiles, all soft. “I’m very glad to hear that.” There is another pause, filled only with soft looks from sky-blue eyes.
them under a mistletoe. Being friends is enough. Having him stay is enough.
His attention is drawn back to the present when Cas sniffs the dough, much to Dean’s disgust.
. Not in front of the fucking Christmas tree, where they would soon exchange gifts with the family. No way. Cool down.
Last week they went on a romantic hunt à deux. Vampire nest. When they had returned, Eileen had accompanied a blood-covered Sam to the bath with such a wide grin that Dean couldn’t even be mad.
The snow is less heavy on the branches of the fenced trees downtown, and the air grows lighter beneath the pastel sky. They arrive at Dean’s home when the church bells strike seven in the morning. “The sun will rise soon,” Cas says when Dean stops to fish the keys out of his coat. Then he stops in his tracks and his blue eyes blink – “Winchester?” he reads and tilts his head. “Dean, what is this?”
“It’s fine. I appreciate that. I wanted to ask you in person, too.”
“Yeah, no, you don’t want that. We were there, Sammy and me, with those Pagan motherfuckers. Trust me, it’s awful.” Dean takes a careful step back. “You, uh… know about Elf on the Shelf yet?”
Hastily, Dean licks his lips, eyes chasing back to Cas. He panics at the thought of his treasured Castiel, brokenhearted, turning back into an antique right before his eyes. He really had to outright say it, huh? No way around it?
“Dean,” Cas says in mild irritation. “Is this…?”
“Cas,” Dean breathes, “I beg of you, listen to me.”
It clicked. All that loathing was not directed towards Heaven, or Castiel. It was self-hatred. It was fear of
Dean gives him a confused look.
That makes Dean smirk. “So, h-how am I for a Christmas present?” he asks.
Claire observes him closely. She also watches him go outside when his dad picks him up. His hair is all dark, not at all like Jack’s.
Cas is such a weird combination of wish fulfillment. He’s good with kids and animals. He is overly tidy; everything in his house has a distinct if sometimes questionable place – and yet the guy can’t be bothered to wear his tie straight.
Dean falls apart. “F-fuck…!” – This is it. If he doesn’t intervene he’ll come right here, on the spot, in his Scooby Doo underwear.
“The cat is safely packed inside the birthday bag.”
“I still think it was a good plan,” she says.
It’s nice. It’s a nice feeling.
. And that damned bag needs to go literally anywhere else, so Dean tosses it onto one of the tables. Now he stands in front of Cas, his best friend, with nothing but that stupid, kitschy, enchanting mistletoe in his hands,
feels like the first true family festivity in years, having Eileen around and basically nothing to worry about besides missing holiday decorations. The only downside is Sam’s lovey-dovey smugness. And the fact that the thought of never having something like
Dean whirls around. Garth Fitzgerald’s warmly wrapped head peeks out from behind the tree. “Oh,” he smiles, oblivious to Dean’s shock, “Mister Winchester.”
Had Dean understood a single word that he had uttered?
When Miss Bradbury and Miss Leahy introduce Jack, Claire does not pay him particular attention. Kaia, Patience and her have been busy playing monster hunters when their teachers have called them for the introduction round.
was stupid,” Dean says with a helpless smile. Gosh, he’s so in love. “I thought… you’d reject me. I was afraid. After all, why would someone as sublime and faultless want to stay with a sad dog like me? But last year, when you…” He laughs at the memory. “Do you remember what you said to me, last year, before we said goodbye?”
“It was supposed to be a surprise… but thanks,” Cas sighs and looks at it fondly. “I logged it myself.”
This time, Cas goes with him, hand in hand. They walk in silence.
Dean has been so sure Sam was the one responsible that he never considered someone else. Did Cas seriously hang mistletoes
Dean shrugs. “Depends, I guess.” A grin creeps onto his face. “So, you hung them up?” he asks.
Castiel’s necktie is always messy, and his face never cleanly shaved. No hat. Dean knows little about fashion, but that coat, too, looks like it belongs into the past century. Not that Dean cares – on the contrary, he loves how timeless Cas felt. It had nothing to do with the gray hair.
Guilt ate its way directly into Castiel’s heart. And even more embarrassment, like boiling shame rising to his vessel’s cheeks. He felt his human body cringe and tried looking anywhere but Dean’s green eyes. He felt small. This somehow felt worse than any comment from his siblings.
“Listen, um – I really don’t wanna put any more salt into the wound, but mistletoe kisses ain’t exactly a ‘friends’ thing,” he says carefully. He really should have addressed this sooner, dammit.
The mistletoe falls to the cold ground as their lips slide against each other. It’s instinctive rather than skillful. Or experienced.
He shakes his head with a disbelieving chuckle. He wants to cry. “That’s… very green.”
Dean and his friend had been careful with all the sigils, but of course they were useless against the powers of Heaven. Carefully, Castiel walked inside. Slowly, to not startle them, but determined enough to let them know what they were up against.
“You turned on the music in the car, after you meeted him at school. And then you
“Cas,” he says, his voice all hoarse. “For… f-for how long?”
, and your eyes
Dean did not withdraw. But with his next words, his walls were perfectly built, shaking from pressure and hatred. Heat was radiating off of him. “Not in my experience,” he hissed.
Blue eyes watering, Cas reaches for his extended arms, pulls them closer, and lets his angelic love flow through his touch right to Dean’s heart. It’s warm and sweet like honey, and deep as the sky. A million years old, with nothing holding it back anymore.
His dad shifts again, looking to the door. “How do you know?”
Why was that? Castiel did not want to ask questions. He simply took delight in the knowledge that Dean would carry the part of his soul that he touched with him forever.
voice. “Alone,” he added softly with a glance to Dean’s unconscious friend. There was a pause.
“Where are you going?”
Dean just grumbles as he watches his phone’s background fade to black. This sucks.
“All of these, self-made,” Dean says shakily as he places his stuff on the coat rack. “I make a mean apple pie, you know that. I know that you… that you can’t taste it,” he adds with a tad of remorse lacing his voice. He didn’t mean to say it like that. But now he feels stupid about showing Cas all of this. An angel could never relate.
who was being confronted, not Dean Winchester.
to the music. But he is really nice, so I’ll forgive you. And Claire said he’s looking for someone new, too.”
“Yes.”
fall in love with an angel, even a disheveled looking one as this?
had the real thing, not even with Mrs. Butters.
Claire protest by shaking her head. Jack and his daddy drive home soon anyway, and when Daddy tucks her in, he asks if today was good. Claire says, meaning every word, “It was the best day ever. Yet.”
Cas leans into the touch, his head steady on Dean’s shoulder as his arms relax around him.
“Don’t even think about it,” he says, with the eyes of someone who knows full well they could snap this arm in half if they wanted to. But Dean uses his free hand to bop his nose anyway, which does the trick, because he has flour stuck up right to his elbows. It stays on Cas’ nose. “No escape,” Dean murmurs dramatically.
“Cas,” he says slowly, tensing up. “You did hang up mistletoes as… a friendship thing. Right?”
Cas swallows and questioningly tilts his head, now to the other side. Licks his lips. He looks caught, weirdly enough.
“Gotcha,” Claire says. She places the paper at the frontdoor of her house, where her daddy can easily find it. She wanted to put it on his bed at first, but Jack reminded her that the secret admirer would probably send it with the mail, because otherwise he would have to break into the house, and that would probably be ‘a bit much’.
They haven’t realized how dark it got in the meantime. Just when Claire wants to offer Jack to stay overnight (because what if the
“Dean, I… I…”
With skeptic eyes, Cas enters his shop as Dean lights the lamps inside. “Electric,” he brags with a smirk, one that slowly fades away when he looks over his shoulder. Cas is unimpressed with the lamps. He looks around like a misplaced tourist.
Frowning, Dean takes the bag. Inside, there’s a Christmas sweater so ugly he wants to throw up. Green, with terrible red Christmas patterns across the chest and deeper green around the neckline.
Oh! The birthday party! Jack had totally forgotten about that – “Yes, great! Did you get the present?”
Jack looks up at her with a sad face. “I guess. Thank you, Claire,” he says. “You’re really nice.”
“I know. I’m sorry. I wasn’t sure if you felt better yet, so I didn’t ask.”
“Yes, I am!” Dean grins back, clenching his fist in triumph ‘cause, wow – he won the fucking jackpot with this man. “Then, y’know, let’s figure out the details, and I’ll let Sam know so he can come over to babysit, so, y’know, you bring Jack and…”
“Cas,” he pants, a weak hand stroking the damp hair. “Cas, stop, I’ll…” It’s hard to escape Cas’ ravenous mouth, but Dean manages by resting his forehead against his, collecting himself and his breath.
As it is fitting for a warrior of God! Not because
That makes his dad smile, and then he bends down to hug Jack and cuddle with him. “You’re right, he’s very nice. How about I talk to him when I drop you off tomorrow? At Claire’s birthday, would that be sufficient?” he asks.
It must have been a side effect of his human vessel to continue yearning to be with Dean after Castiel had left. Humans liked company and loved differently than angels. Surely that was also part of the reason why he enjoyed being in Dean’s presence so much.
warmth for a change. Letting him in all the way, because really neither of them could bail anymore now, like they have apparently done for years.
Cas smiles at him as though he tries to make Dean melt into a puddle, apparently. Makes him blush like a teenager. “Um… should we go inside then, pick those buggers up?” he asks and points a thumb to the door.
Right now he would not know how to let Cas go. He has never dared to think of him this way before last year, because everyone he ever loved has left him, sooner or later.
Dean inhales deeply. Here we go, Winchester. Take heart. “I want you to stay,” he says, shakier than he meant to. “Like this. With me.”
“Look, pal, I’m not buying what you’re selling, so who are you really?”
Cas gives him a tired look and puts down the mugs, the ones with the Batman and Robin designs. It looks so cute – no one sprinkles cocoa powder on top of the cream quite like Cas. Dean’s seen him do it once, with a raised pinky.
Say it back, idiot.
“Like – a romantic thing,” he continues, hoping that his galloping heartbreak wouldn’t show in his voice. “Sexual, sometimes, but, yeah… That kinda thing.”
For over a decade, the closest they had come to actual Christmas lights were raindrops on the Impala’s windshield when they twinkled from the streetlamps.
“I’m the one who gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.”
“Dean…”
His touch sends the heat straight to Dean’s cock, and he allows it all. Hell,
This matter does not seem resolved at all.
Castiel did not want to leave him alone just yet, both out of fascination and a sense of duty towards God and the command he had given him. Luckily, Dean found the nearby gas station without problems. He had his guard up, called for help. Hissed at the pain of the handprint burned inside of him.
“Only to nice people.”
Jack is so sad that he doesn’t even want to talk. It’s only late in the evening, on his bed, when his dad asks him what’s wrong. He doesn’t know anything about the plan, and Jack does not want to tell him about it now.
It isn’t until later, during play hour, that she catches Belphegor and Ruby bully Jack. “I’ll go get Miss Bradbury,” Kaia announces loudly and runs off, but Ruby still tears at Jack’s hair.
“Hey. You ready for Charlie Brown?”
perfect, with Castiel inside it, waking beside him by the light through white curtains…
“Is that a bee?” Claire asks, as if she’s scared.
, he’s
Castiel looked deeper into his soul. Talking was still hard for him, so he observed before he spoke again: Dean was not shaking with fear of God. It was just… fear. And anger.
“Whoop!” Jack almost bumps into Cas when he leaves the kitchen. “Hello,” Dean hears Cas’ gruff voice say. “Hi,” Jack says back, shuffling through the corridor.
Castiel swallowed and watched him clench his jaw. “Because God commanded it,” he replied in as truthful a voice he could muster. He wanted Dean to be comfortable. He wondered if Dean could feel his warmth on his skin, and if it brought him complacence.
“That was my mistake. Certain people, special people, can perceive my true visage. I thought you would be one of them.” He swallowed, feeling his heart sink. “I was wrong.”
“They sure do! I’ll be on my way, then. Merry Christmas, Mister Winchester!”
“I am an angel of the Lord,” Castiel said carefully. He did not like seeing Dean like this. All this time, he had wanted to meet him. Wanted to get to know him better. How he had even wanted to show him Heaven…!
at his daddy’s place would take until tomorrow? Jack can’t sleep outside), her daddy opens the terrace door and calls to them.
“You have a partner already?” she asks.
, he would surely not be as opposed to Heaven as he is now. Maybe he would even look forward to meeting an angel.
enjoyed it. That would be risible.
When they go outside for a case in Hastings shortly after, Dean notices the mistletoes in both the interdoor and the front door. He rolls his eyes. The far more important observation, however, is that – “It’s snowing! Oh, man, would you look at that!”
“I warned her not to spy on my true form,” he explained sheepishly. “It can be… overwhelming to humans, and so can my real voice. But you already knew that,” he added apologetically.
“When is his birthday?”
didn’t know,” Dean laughs and turns Claire’s body tackle into a cuddle.
Claire thinks about that. “Not sure. I gotta get to know him better first,” she says slowly. Her daddy swallows and looks at the road again. “All right, Corleone,” he says in a serious voice. “Just don’t hit other kids anymore, you understand me?”
“Don’t give me those eyes, man. You come in here, you know what you sign up for: you snack cookie dough and you get into flour fights. Provided you help clean up afterwards, so I hope you ain’t busy.”
, but due to Castiel’s lack of knowledge, he could not be entirely sure of that. It shone despite the cracks around the verges.
Dean broke in, drank a bottle of water and then took the things he liked. Castiel figured they were not healthy to eat, but what could he say? ‘Please don’t’? He cringed when Dean pulled up his shirt to inspect the burn on his arm. It
Dean rolls his hips forward to meet Cas, seeking friction. Bashfully, he reaches for that messy blue tie, loosens it, half-way slides the trenchcoat down from Cas’ shoulders and earns a possessive lip bite in return. As if to reward him for the move, Cas’ hands are on his chest again, and he starts rolling both nipples between his fingers – good
“Oh, Cas…” When Dean looks up now, he finds Cas looking at him so broken, yet
Jack says nothing, but he can tell Claire watches him work. “I can’t draw at aaaall,” she says at one point.
They sink to their knees, onto the cold floor beneath the small candy Christmas tree. Hands wandering, helplessly in love, and their lips find each other with such ease it makes Dean wonder – is this my Christmas miracle? It was such a marvel they had found each other in the first place, and now they would be able to
– and uses the moment of surprise to shove his tongue so far down Dean’s throat, salvia dripping, breaths short and hot, that Dean moans helplessly into the quiet library once again, hips rolling.
“What do you play?” he asks.
. We ran out last week.” He points at Cas. “You know what? Let’s go together.”
Dean inhales the scent – “Hot chocolate? Aw, you’re an angel.”
“It’s gonna be perfect!”
“Outside? As in, on a date?” Dean asks but quickly adds, “Doesn’t matter, anyway. That bastard hung a mistletoe in my door. Just saw it on my way back from the bathroom, to get my pajamas, you know, minding my business – and then I see this? That’s the last goddamn straw. I was happy to play along with the rest, but this… this is just sick.”
Letting go of any restraint that might have been left, he all but melts into Cas’ familiar warmth, completely letting himself fall. Meeting his touch. Lowering his fucking arm to finally embrace Cas properly and getting pulled even closer. With a sigh, he finds a tab at the back of the trenchcoat to hold onto.
After a not so deep breath, Dean pulls himself together and says, “Listen, um – y’know it’s Claire’s last day in kindergarten and, um…”
“Yeah. Yeah, I’m fine, don’t worry,” Dean says with a bashful laugh.
“Just now? Nice work,” Dean says, clearing his throat. Cas logging a tree like that – it is almost ten feet tall. The two kinked branches only add to its charm, even the kitschy stand looks sweet.
They hadn’t talked about it for ages. The surprise is perfect for Dean, but somehow he can’t show his joy.
Asking such a thing of him… would probably not be as a dramatic as Dean fears, but a fear it remains.
“What’s the matter?” Castiel wondered and tilted his head, trying to understand the concentrated intensity inside of him.
They both sport boners! From what was supposed to be a mistletoe kiss! That needy for each other, huh?! Man, this is ridiculous – and hot. Dean doesn’t want it to end
“I do not understand why you always seem to actively revert to eating things that aren’t good for you, Dean. You’ll get sick,” he says in a mildly scolding tone, but it’s accompanied by that tiny blink of his eyes. The one that makes Dean want to shower him with sparkling cartoon hearts.
Dean stills. Somehow Cas’ smile is even better with the cinnamonic scent of freshly baked cookies and faint Christmas pop music in the air. Much more intimate. Dean’s chest warms rapidly.
he asked, mostly to himself.
, has trouble asking for one? Cas really did want to do this for the longest time, huh?
“Right,” Dean said, cracks in his soul closing slowly to build the ultimate defense against its vulnerable core. “And why would
Dean frowns. “Uh, yeah, I know about Evil Santa.”
When Dean looked at him then, he saw Dean’s eyes instead of his soul. And freckles, dusted across his face, reminiscent of the stars above. Full lips.
Their kisses are like the answer to the question they have both never dared to ask.
“Good.”
“And I you,” Cas smiles. Other than Dean’s breath, his glitters as though it was literally crystalizing in the winter air. Another glistening sparkle catches Dean’s eye. It’s the bee brooch he gave Cas last year as a Christmas present; he has attached it to his coat, and it was still there, much to Dean’s joy.
He enjoys the trip to the environmental center in the forest. The friendly guide there even shows them a beehive. Jack decides to draw one at the creative table at the end.
“You’re thinking of hollies,” Eileen says helpfully.
“Merry Christmas,” he sighs. Watches Cas take the box with careful hands, open it with a quiet gasp. “A book,” he says.
“And, oh, here – the last pages are empty, so you can go and find some yourself, collect an’ press ‘em if you find them pretty.”
Dean considers that. “Nah, not really. I’m just-”
– making out – here! Especially considering that Dean himself couldn’t kiss a damn soul here, under this stupid mistletoe. Urgh! He rips it down furiously.
Dean’s walls had come down when he read a book in the motel’s room. He was so relaxed that he fell asleep. His soul glistened beautifully.
As expected, Dean replied, “Get the hell outta here. There’s no such thing.” He was even more defensive now, and Castiel had a terrible impulse to show him more tangible evidence.
Oh yes, this is a photo worthy as a background image. Dean stares at it with a grin – Cas next to the kitchen table, body weirdly bent so that both he and the cookies are definitely in, with flour still stuck to the tip of his nose.
No one hugs quite like Cas. But then again, no one
However, when Dean grows too uncomfortable with his half-hard cock pressing against Cas’ leg, they part, chuckling awkwardly, but even that is the intimate kind of awkward. Dean’s naked skin sweats despite the December temperatures. Wow, wow, wow.
Beyond awkward, Dean greets the third parent passing him by. He fumbles with his keys, waiting for Cas. He’s late today.
His awe makes Cas’ face break into a hearty grin, and he squeezes Dean’s shoulders tightly. “They’ll all wonder who stole the tree topper,” he smiles with tears flowing down his face.
“How are you?” Cas asks. Oh, Dean has missed his voice. He sighs when Cas rubs his arm with a strong hand, creating a warm cloud between them. “I’m fine, I’m doing fine,” he says with the stupidest grin in the world. “I missed you so much, my friend.”
With careful steps, he returns to Cas. Oh boy, he never would have thought his heart would pound so strong…! But when he stands eye to eye with his beloved again, an excited smile still tugs at the corners of his mouth.
“Yes, exactly like Lady and the Tramp!”
Castiel tried another smile, still not breaking eye contact. He did not like the fear in Dean’s face. He imagined it looked prettier when it was sunlit and full of love, as it should.
“Go somewhere more private? Yes,” Cas says in that wonderfully unnecessary fashion of his. He plants a chaste kiss onto Dean’s jaw and adds, “Your room will be cold. Take the Christmas sweater, it will look good on you, I’m sure. And if you wear it,” he adds with a lascivious rub of his stubble, “I can take it off of you and unwrap you like a Christmas present all over again.”
what made them sparkle. Warmer than a human body, warmer than the sun could shine, and stronger than anything Dean had ever felt. However uplifting and glorious it felt, it was different.
“It’s sugar for baking,” Cas states.
Dean puts away the box.
Once again, Dean ignores his racing heart in favor of a clumsy wink, which makes Cas roll his eyes. But after only a few minutes, he sings again. Smiles to himself.
They laugh and kiss, and then watch the morning sun glisten through the window, making their eyes shine.
, but you never knew. I don’t even think you know that you are absolutely full of love, but I see it. Everybody sees it. These last few days made it shine from inside you brighter than ever before. From the moment I first saw it, I mellowed, and I have been mellowing ever since, bound by something I realized too late had no counterspell. So, no, Dean, this is, very much, a desperate – indulging – romantic gesture, one I foolishly thought was free of the possibility of rejection. I realize now that all this… derailed.” He pauses for a moment to look for words. “And now I look like a fool for telling you how I feel, for telling you that I… that I love you.”
Castiel tilted his head, frowning. “I told you.”
Charlie Bradbury is the one who crafted the bee brooch for Dean after Cas has told him that he wished to spend a spring day on Earth to watch the bees. Dean brings him up to date about her shop and her lover Stevie. He doesn’t tell him that Charlie has made him pay for the brooch in pies, because that would probably lessen the
Dean does not, but of course he still says yes.
Claire beams in Jack’s direction when they notice who is standing next to Daddy – it’s Jack’s dad! He holds a coffee mug and stands right next to Claire’s dad, patting Miracle’s head. Surely they talked about their
“Um – we should go,” Dean says. He rolls back his shoulders and lets Cas go first, just so that he can watch him smile over his shoulder at him – that crooked, raw smirk, so intense and yet so soft that it makes Dean’s heart flutter. Even eyerolls at Dean’s stupid jokes looked soft on that face. And that
He tucks his coat tighter around him. It’s the coldest night of the year, and his breath crystalizes in clouds so large he feels like a steam train. The snow scrunching beneath his feet does not help either, but it’s okay, he realizes. No one is around.
“Because they were all stupid. Hell,
That doesn’t look like something Sam would buy, Dean thinks. But then again – the man’s in love. And a bit kinky, apparently. Who hangs mistletoes in the bath?
Dean’s soul was shaking with fear. “Who are you?” he grunted.
In the evening, everybody gets picked up by their parents, and Claire says goodbye to Kevin first, then Patience, then Alex and Kaia. Jack stays the longest and caresses Miracle a lot. He envies Claire for the dog.
Dude’s in an awfully good mood, Dean finds.
“So, he’s nice?”
“Hiya, kid,” he greets Jack, who pours himself a tea in the kitchen, Miracle lying by his feet. There is another green bundle above the doorway, Dean notices as he enters. “Jeez,” he says, “the lovebirds really don’t wanna push their luck, hm?”
. What the hell!
“No, who’s that?”
Another one, for good measure. And a third one, with a peace sign.
“Cas,” he says, making the angel straighten up. Brows furrowed – oh, Dean wanted to reach out and smooth that wrinkle from his face. And yet he cannot help but find Castiel beautiful. The sparkling of the bee brooch gives him courage.
“I conjure and command you, show me your face!”
“The cookies are delicious though,” Jack says, trying to be helpful. “If it’s any consolation.”
Jack and Claire sprint inside. It really is warmer here, and they spend some time with their dads at the table and talk about playing soccer, and Jack’s dad shares some interesting stuff he knows about bees. He also says that he finds Claire and her daddy ‘very lovely’, and Claire’s daddy says that he and Jack look completely alike, which Claire disputes loudly. Jack has blond hair after all.
And now this. A disaster, just like the tries that had come before it. If Castiel wanted to save his reputation in the eyes of God, he needed to make Dean believe in angels.
He kisses Jack’s hair before leaving. “Goodnight, Jack.”
is your problem, Dean. You have no faith,” he thus stated. With a flash of lightning, thundering, glowing, he spread his wings, carefully stretching all the way to the roof. They still hurt from the crash.
That was the one slip that made Castiel slide into the psychic’s field of vision and, rather violently, her eyes burned right out of her skull.
“You stood up for yourself,” Cas realizes with a smile.
They always visit the infirmary first. Cas wants to use his healing powers for good every Christmas. Dean always introduces him as a doctor from the East Coast. He’s not even sure if the nurses still buy into it after all these years, but what is important is that the sick were healed.
to have Cas that way. He doesn’t
“You still haven’t got your Christmas present yet,” he smiles with an auspicious wink to wiggle his way past Cas’ stubbornness.
before going to the eye doctor?” Sam asked. “Not that it mattered considering her vision didn’t clear until two days after Christmas.”
With that line of reasoning, his head was now pointing out that it wasn’t like Dean would be coming here without a job. He wasn’t giving up Scrapyard Dogs and would likely be gone half the year between touring and recording and the like. That would allow them to take things slow and give them the space they needed while ensuring they would make up for lost time as soon as Dean came home. Plus, it wasn’t like he was moving in with Cas. Dean insisted on having his own place initially to make sure this was going to work, which was rather sensible.
“Since your balls are on the menu for lunch, what’s dessert going to be?” She volleyed, more than up for the challenge of keeping this game going.
“If I’m a dick, what does that say about you?” Cas wondered when they broke the kiss for some air.
“Ditto. I definitely want to know what your cum tastes like. No air quotes. Pretty sure we can swap samples tonight if we play our cards right.”
“We’re out,” the lodge owner said shyly. “But I could keep you company while you eat?”
“Agreed.” Cas returned the kiss with as much heat as Dean had put into his and it sent the blood straight to his cock. “So let’s rectify that, shall we?”
A sarcastic, mock chortle came from the man himself while the others laughed jovially, enjoying the fact someone had taken Dean to task. It was all in good humor and Dean accepted it in kind.
“Perhaps. It depends on what you want to dream about. You see, different kinds of food make for different kinds of dreams. I hear ham and cheese on rye will make you dream of a tall, cool blonde.”
But if sex and romance — a real relationship — was now on the table? Hell yes, he wanted it. He had wanted Dean from the moment he saw him in Hell. For too short a time for his liking, Dean had borne Castiel’s handprint on his shoulder. A reminder that, as the angel told him when they first met in his current form, “I gripped you tight and raised you from perdition.” The actual mark was long gone, but maybe he could be claimed in another, more permanent way.
I mean it.”
“Mom’s not complaining, so I’m guessing you’d be home alone, Macaulay Culkin, eating all those foods you’re not supposed to and regretting it later when you’re laid up with indigestion.”
Indeed, he was as he continually thought about the pair, especially Cas. It was unheard of for him or Sam to make a connection like that with their fans. This was why you didn’t get involved. Did he really make a connection though? He had talked to Jack like he did every other person who came through that night and other nights. If so, why them? It had been the damnedest thing. Dean hadn’t been too concerned. They would fade from his thoughts in time or at least settle comfortably in his memories.
“It’s going to be a long night,” he muttered resignedly as he straightened his tan trench coat and made his way into the house.
“I heard you were allergic to fun,” Cas chimed in.
While Cas spoke, Dean had watched him intently, noting how honest and reverent he was to the man who only a couple hours ago had impugned his reputation in one of the worst ways imaginable. Falling even harder for Cas then he had ever thought he could, Dean knew for certain that one-year lease would undoubtedly be extended. Either that or he would move in with Cas when the lease expired. Either way, he was never leaving Snow Falls unless Cas went with him.
“You’ve snuck in here a few times?” Cas raised an eyebrow.
“I’m sure it will be fine, Mayor Mills,” Sam said. “Bobby’s already signed off on them, but I am anxious to see the places.”
But Cas just gives him a soft look. “I told you I found it lovely.”
…Right?
‘Love’ in a Heavenly sense, needless to say. For God’s mission.
“Um… sorry?” he utters, clueless. He scratches his head when Cas does not turn around. His deep voice just hums as he fumbles with the lights.
“Err… with the cookies. Are they in the frame?”
Quietly, Castiel watched.
Cas smiles to the ground with a blush. “Look who’s talking.”
“Hm, not quite,” Cas hums and presses a kiss to his nose. It makes Dean laugh timidly, his breath calming down at the sight of the disheveled angel in his arms. His hair messy, his lips swollen red – just perfect.
“The bath?” Dean asks knowingly, wiggling his eyebrows. Sam pretends he doesn’t know anything about it. And then Dean has a very wet dream that night, involving Cas, a mirror and, woefully, the Ariana Grande version of Santa Baby. And the Charlie Brown Christmas choir. Not Dean’s proudest moment.
“I like it,” Jack says. His Christmas hat jingles softly as he speaks.
“Yes,” his dad says and laughs, although it’s quieter than before. Maybe, just maybe, tomorrow could be Plan B for his happiness.
, Balthazar reminded him.
Claire tells Jack some more about her dog, Miracle, and what kinds of tricks he can do, and how fluffy he is. Jack likes listening to her, because Claire is always very nice. He would have never thought that someone as cool as her would want to be his friend.
“Man, you know the drill. He can come to our place whenever he wants,” Dean offers. “No problem, really. The two make a great duo. And he’s a great influence. Claire loves hanging out with him.”
The vulnerability Castiel had seen in him wanted to make him sing, and it continued to make him happy when Dean softened in his company, when he was so comfortable that he called him by the shortened name ‘Cas’ and joked around him. Intimately, the cracks in his soul opened to reveal his love, despite his initial distrust.
But Cas just tilts his head, shakes it ever so slightly, and the wrinkles in his face look deeper than ever before.
Castiel involuntarily remembered Balthazar’s less pious phrasing.
Dean swallows. “They’re a ‘couple’ thing,” he explains in increasing unease, holding up the mistletoe he unceremoniously ripped from his Cave’s door. He feels disgusted by himself. This was a gesture of Cas’ friendship after all, and he…
Daddy has a piñata. And he lets Claire use her baseball bat to hit it.
I will endeavor to do better next time, Castiel told himself and the others. It seemed a bitter irony that, shortly after, he was appointed to be the one to inform Dean of
It makes Dean’s mind run wild. He’ll have to bring his A-game, ‘cause urgh – Cas would be the kind of guy to bring flowers, wouldn’t he? Something like – a single rose or so? And wear a white shirt, and let Dean order the drinks, and make out with him in the backseat of the Impala?
If only his dad would find a friend so quickly… Just, well, not only a
“Who knows? Anyway, good job.”
Cas looks down, and Dean grins. Still got it. Content with his compliment, he turns to the table again, but then Cas says, “So, you’re saying if I was a food item, I’d be high-in-sugar candy.”
The news disappoints Claire. Before she can talk to Jack anymore, Kaia and her mom arrive, and after them, the others follow soon. Everybody gets a party hat, and after some time, the romance plan is completely forgotten, because –
“Yes. We played the whole time. Monster hunter, and iceman. He agreed to be the fish right away.”
“It is,” Dean says, arms crossed for more warmth. “It’s every year.”
“Castiel.”
He’s considerate, and weird, and curious, and Dean has a blast just watching him
made me realize what really mattered. When you spoke of me like that… it changed me. I started being honest with myself. And I realized that… I would not be able to see you leave a twelfth time,” he sighs. He softens and, shakily, takes a step toward Cas, bowed down with emotion. Arms opening slightly. “I know that I could never bind you, but I… I love you,” he whispers, happily, relieved, ardently like a prayer.
had made Dean slowly lose his mind.
“I’m not that good, too. But I hope Dad likes it anyway.”
“Krampus. A Christmas monster from Europe, who punishes and abducts children who misbehaved.”
“Glad you asked,” Dean grins and sits down, shoving the old leather book aside with careful hands. It weirdly feels like shoving away the past. 2007 is just so far away now.
“Yeah? G-great. I didn’t wanna ask via text, I just…”
“To Sam and Eileen, to help them with the attic.”
It takes Cas a second to understand, and he exhales shakily. His hungry hands soften their touch and wander upwards to Dean’s back. Stroke him sweetly. Grunting, Dean leans into the hug. Legs shifting. Breathing hard through his nose. Okay.
“Mistletoe?” Dean squints his eyes. “Where are the spikey leaves? And the red berries?”
“G-goddammit,” he pants. Gasps when he opens his eyes to find the room half-dark. “Holy shit.”
He quickly finished his mission and retreated to clandestinely watch over the human he had just revived. Dean made his way out of the coffin admirably, but he seemed distraught at the sight of all the snapped trees – and Castiel wondered if he should have healed them beforehand. He had been too busy watching. So much for doing better.
“Yeah, we should not keep them waiting,” Cas says and then opens his mouth as if to add something. Dean waits and holds his gaze.
Arm in arm, they walk through the quiet park. A pair of owls watches them when Cas rests his head on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean leans against him in turn. Time freezes like water. Maybe it’s the blue magic of the night, or Castiel’s enchantment – either way, now seems like forever.
Dean laughs enthusiastically but tries to tone down his adoration. “Urgh,
It’s long past midnight, and the mistletoe beneath the door to the Dean Cave takes the fucking biscuit. “Son of a bitch,” Dean curses, practically foaming. Goddammit, this was enough – he doesn’t want his brother making out with his girlfriend under
– and Cas melts against his touch, his stubble a soft rasp against Dean’s palm. A perfect fit.
“Do you guys wanna come in? It’s getting cold outside.”
Cas won’t either, apparently, because he texts him a heart at the end of every message when they try to figure out a place to eat:
But it all makes sense now, because Cas would. He would make hot chocolate when he saw Dean sitting in the library, and buy pie together with him. He would try cookie dough if Dean wanted him to, even though he could only taste molecules. He would log a Christmas tree as a surprise for Christmas Eve and buy ugly Christmas sweaters for the whole family.
“Please.”
“Now, we’re getting somewhere.”
“You’re the fucking abomination, you bitch.” Dean spat out the words. His face softened when he saw the look of gratitude his friend gave him.
“Nope. I’ll be right out. Just need to grab my coat.”
A ghost of a smile appeared on his father’s lips. “Fair enough. Dean, I’ve never given a damn that you’re queer. You’re my son. I want you to be happy. But this isn’t the way to find it.”
Overwhelmed with emotion, Dean pulled him into a bear hug, holding him tight until a knock on the door and Bobby’s voice told him it was ten minutes till show time. He pulled back, gazing intently into Cas’ eyes.
“What?!” Castiel’s eyes grew wide and his skin flushed.
“Thank you,” Cas said softly, gazing into those green irises. “We’re both overdue.”
“Which means she’ll double her efforts next year,” Jo retorted.
saw Mom and Dad, like, in person? July for the Independence Day concert in Lawrence? Damn. It hasn’t been that long for you and Jess, right?”
She smiled. “I like you, too. Knew it that day in Minneapolis, but had it confirmed when you came in for your inspection a few days after that.”
“Neither did I,” Sam agreed. “That’s awesome.”
With a nod, Cas wrapped his fingers around Dean’s cock and kissed him hard.
“What makes you say that?”
He was grateful Dean had shut it off as he needed the sleep. The lodge hadn’t any issues, nor had he expected any. It was mostly paranoia that had him running in so early all week. Except for one day, it had been all quiet on the hospitality front. No complaints. No disasters. No problems at all.
Dean caught his mom’s eye and smiled when she winked. He longed to talk to her about Cas and Jack, to get her thoughts on what he was embarking on, and to just be with her. Sam had something on his mind and had been itching to talk to John in person, so Dean didn’t feel guilty about planning to take his mother’s attention.
However, it wasn’t the potential of snow that Cas had awake two hours before his alarm was set to go off. John and Mary Winchester were due to step foot in Snow Falls later this morning with plans to have a family lunch … and he was invited. He had never met the parents of any of his boyfriends before. Mostly because his last real boyfriend was in college, where the relationship had ended prior to graduation. The few lovers he had since moving to town weren’t serious enough to warrant the introduction.
Then, the three of us will do our own road trip to Princeton to get Jack settled in his dorm.”
Cas sighed. “Nothing since?”
“Only if you want an ice pick through your eye.”
“Let me guess. You must be Miss Missouri.” He got up and extended his hand. “Nice to meet you at last, ma’am.”
“Thank you, Cas. I really appreciate hearing that.” He glared at Dean, who smirked at his brother’s discomfort.
“It was kismet we came tonight.” Hot Dad smiled beatifically.
From the flash of apprehension on his mother’s face, he wasn’t doing a great job.
Hearing the Winchesters fanboy over the film led the proudest, happiest smile to bloom over Jack’s face. Dean saw it and held up his hand. “You did good, young Padawan.” Jack high-fived him with the most satisfied look on his features.
“What is it you disapprove of, exactly?” Dean needed to push a button, so he went with the obvious. “It can’t be my sexuality because you’ve known I was bi since high school. Or were you just hoping I’d present as straight when I found the right partner to make it easier to tell your old Marine buddies when I got married? Bi erasure alive and well in the Winchester family. Who’d have thought?”
Music had been a passion they picked up from John, who had a bar band back in the day. That was how the senior Winchester had met Mary. She was out on a blind date set up by a friend. The date had heard about “this bitchin’ band” from a guy in his dorm. A senior at the University of Kansas, Mary had little interest in landing a boyfriend when graduation was in her sights. The only reason she had agreed to the date was because her friend wanted their off-campus apartment for the night to be with her own boyfriend. Mr. Blind Date was the best friend of her roommate’s boyfriend. Plus, her friend owed her now.
“Such a waste of good candy,” Dean mumbled, disheartened at the sight.
“What are you in the mood for, angel?”
“You coming straight back?” Sam was fighting to stay awake, but he needed peace of mind.
He stopped in his tracks and broke into a huge smile when Cas stepped around Sam.
He pushed back his chair and stood. “Alright then. You kids go into town. See a movie. Throw a snowball. Whatever. Have fun. I have work to do.”
“I have a stocking?!”
“Show’s at eight, so five?” Dean looked at Sam, who confirmed this. “What’s going on in that head of yours?”
look on Cas’ face made Dean smile.
To his dismay, Jack had told Jody how Cas had hit it off with the musician. He really wished his son hadn’t been so observant and keen to tell of the encounter. It was a moment. Nothing more. Knowing Jody had plans to meet the brothers the day after the Minneapolis concert with the offer of staying at the lodge on the table had given him a thrill. As much as he had tried to convince himself and loved ones otherwise, he wanted the Winchesters to agree to perform at the Winter Festival. Seeing Dean again and possibly getting to know him, even as a friend, was too good an opportunity.
Each kiss, each movement of tongue was slow, deliberate. They luxuriated in the intimacy, which suited Dean fine. Low lighting courtesy of the electric fireplace set the perfect mood. On this cold winter’s night, there was no place Dean wanted to be than on this couch with Cas.
“They’re for my house. I wanted you to be able to let yourself in after you came home from hanging out with your family tonight. Also, so you could come over whenever you wanted.”
“You gave me a lot to think about after our last talk,” John had begun once they were all seated. They had been essentially in the same places as before only with Jess perched on the arm of the couch next to Sam since there wasn’t enough room with Cas there.
“Your brother’s right. The last time you were this comfortable sharing details with us about the person you really liked was Lisa.”
“Scrooge.” Dean corrected.
“So why lock yourself away here when you can be hanging out with people who like you and actually want to be with you? Yeah, Cas and I will be freaking adorable, and repeatedly forget you and Jack exist. No worse than I’ve been subjected to with you and Jess, so why don’t you get your head out of your raincloud, Eeyore, and get your damn shoes on. We’ve got violent Christmas movies to watch!”
“To time.” Dean held up his near-empty beer bottle. His mouth quirked again when the glass from their bottles clinked. Downing what was left in one swallow, his eyes watched as Cas drained the last of his own beer. The way his Adam’s apple bobbed was positively sinful.
“You didn’t.” Dean turned his head, a beatific smile on his face. “Dear God in Heaven, we are two thirsty bitches.”
Or so he had thought.
cum,” Castiel clarified.
Putting his hand in Dean’s free one, Cas continued. “Thank you for listening and not being put off by how big a part she still plays in my life. At least I hope you’re not.”
There was no anger in his voice. He spoke matter-of-factly as though presenting evidence in a trial. They talked a bit longer about their families and decorating the festival tree in the square. Cas promised he would stop by and add his chosen ornament in the next couple days. It was tradition for the townsfolk to either bring an ornament of their own for the tree or choose from among those donated. There was smaller tree, located inside Town Hall, that was filled with historical ornaments that had been collected over the decades.
Ten minutes later, they were settled on Cas’ couch with the fireplace illuminated behind them (“It’s decorative … and electric”) and beers in hand. Dean had received a quick tour as Cas hadn’t gone into specific detail about each room. It wasn’t like Dean was going to bid on the place. He was completely satisfied with what he saw and how he saw it. Cas had made sure his friend had a sense of the house, which Dean appreciated.
“I do, Cas. Believe me I do.” Dean pressed their foreheads together. “Just needed you to say yes.”
“Apparently.”
An awkward silence settled over the room. After letting it hang for a few seconds, Jack announced he was going upstairs. The men wished him a good night, watching as he left them behind. Neither said a word till they heard his bedroom door close.
is great.
Enjoying the moment too much not to have the final word, Cas slapped him on the ass as he headed outside. “As you wish.”
Even now, Dean briefly closed his eyes, inhaled deeply, and could imagine that warm, sweet scent that was unequivocally Castiel. A quick glance next to him and another check in the rearview mirror at the backseat showed he was alone. His bottom lip quivered. That was the problem. He didn’t want to be alone. Nor did he want Castiel to be gone for good. Tears welled in his eyes, threatening to fall. This wasn’t the first time he had gotten emotional over the idea of losing his friend.
Oh, Dean was loving that smile. He was certain his face was wearing the exact same one. “Deal.”
“Well, I do like dicks,” Dean retorted smugly, softening his opinion with a peck on the nose. His hands slid down to Cas’ neck, his thumbs running along his lover’s jawline. “There’s one I’m particularly fond of, now that you mention it.”
The rest of the drive took longer than planned. A hand job by Castiel nearly had the Impala off the highway twice. After Dean gave him a suitable-for-now punishment to the angel’s delight in the nearest no-tell motel, they were on their way and home by dinner.
Awesome.
have work to do,” Sam corrected.
“Yes, but I like it when
Dean kicked it off by singing the first verse. The gang came in on the chorus with Sam taking the second verse. This continued till near the end when John and Mary took over before inviting everyone in the audience to join them. Hearing the crowd sing the chorus was evangelical in Cas’ book. He was so grateful to the Winchesters for including him and Jack in this intimate moment — one shared with people here in Snow Falls and all over the world.
“Awake. I want to stop for breakfast on the road. I’m not in a hurry though. We can stay like this for as long as you want, angel.”
The woman standing before him a few feet away on the ice had dark skin and black curly hair that stopped just below her ears. She fixed him with a friendly smile, but there was a shrewdness in her eyes that belied her jolly demeanor. He had never seen her before in his life. However, Dean instantly knew that this was the infamous Missouri Moseley.
There was no doubt he had won Mary over. His mother’s eyes were wet and soft, her smile gentle. Dean realized he had done her a disservice by not telling her everything from the start, but he selfishly had wanted to keep Cas to himself for as long as possible. Sure, he shared him with Sam, but his brother didn’t count as they basically told each other everything.
The day of the concert in the park was a busy one for Cas as there were multiple emergencies that had kept him busy all morning and well into the afternoon. It was after one o’clock when the last of the fires had been extinguished, allowing him to take a moment for himself. He was hungry as he hadn’t eaten since breakfast, but he knew if he wanted to get a good spot, he and Jack would have to leave now. If the crowd at the tree lighting was any indication, they were probably already too late.
“So, you had the downtown tour and you hung out at the venues,” Cas said slowly, making sure he understood. “Would you want to see the town proper? Also, you and Sam must add an ornament to the festival tree. Doesn’t sound like you did that either.”
It was true. Dean took solace in that fact. He wanted to take solace in this man. Sure, okay, he was doing that now, but he wanted to do so in the biblical sense. As he quieted his mind and focused on the angel at his side, Dean could feel that same want coming from Castiel, too. He knew he was half-hard and wondered if his lover was, as well. The black trousers Castiel wore did a nice job hiding any hard-ons.
“You’re a good brother, Sammy.”
“I hear you and Dean hit off really well. Any chance you can get him to stick around on a permanent basis? Asking for a friend.” Jo nodded her head sideways at Ellen, who was standing next to her.
“How about we move this to our room?” Mary didn’t want a private family matter to be public gossip, which wouldn’t help cool the tempers around the table. “Give everyone a chance to collect themselves before they say things they can’t take back.”
“Anyone I know?” Cas swallowed.
“Are you okay?” Castiel whispered in his ear. He remembered Dean asking permission earlier and a sudden panic washed over him. “Did I take advantage? If I did—”
As he did on the nights right before the festival commenced, Cas went back to the lodge around eleven for a last check on things. His overnight clerk did a fantastic job and his visit was not a slight on him in the least. It was more that Cas wouldn’t be able to sleep without knowing he had made sure everything was as it should be. To his satisfaction, that was the case tonight.
Despite the twinge of melancholy, Cas only had one answer for Dean. “Awesome.”
He was on his feet now. “You think Cas and I haven’t had the real conversations about making our relationship work? Like what it would mean to have a somewhat public figure with a nice nest egg incubating in the bank as a partner? You think we do nothing but stare at each other with heart eyes and fart rainbows and tell each other, ‘No, you’re pretty?’ Actually, we do that, too, but fuck you for thinking I’m not going into this with my eyes open. Correction, that
He swallowed hard. Suddenly, the inside of the Impala seemed warm. Too warm. To the point of it being suffocating.
“I don’t know. Maybe. I made a suggestion. Told him to think about it.” He shrugged. “May be nothing. Said I look at places —
Dean shook his head. “Father figure, my ass. It’s because you're his dad. You are family regardless of the science. You, Kelly, and Jack must have been one hell of a unit. I’d like to hear more about her, if you don’t mind sharing her.”
This yanked Dean out of his reverie, but it wasn’t what was said that had gotten his attention as it was utter garbage. It was who said it.
“Thanks,” he replied dryly, opting to take a sip of his coffee before he said something he might regret.
Standing naked in front of each other, it wasn’t long before Cas’ lips and hands started roaming Dean’s skin. The skin on his neck was suckled. His nipples were tweaked. The globes of his ass were squeezed. Their cocks rubbed together triggering moans from both.
Her eyes lit up in recognition. “Oh,
“How does it feel to be the parent of a high school graduate? And not just any graduate. The valedictorian?”
“Just like the friend who suggested we add it to our set list.”
Following him to the entrance, Sam and Bobby watched as the other pair greeted each other with an awkward handshake and nervous yet joyous smiles. Bobby studied Cas for a moment, waving pleasantly when Dean suddenly pointed at him. Undoubtedly explaining who the older man was with the salt-and-pepper hair, who looked as though he belonged on a fishing boat with Roy Scheider and Richard Dreyfuss. As understanding filled Cas’ features, he waved back before returning his attention to Dean.
?! Because if you’re giving me the old ‘him or me’ speech, let me tell you that this ain’t no Sophie’s choice!”
Jack and Jo both smirked at their parents’ reactions before the reality of it sank in with them. Neither was particularly looking forward to the bigger crowds. As much as they loved their hometown, they liked it more any other time of year. It was why Jack and Claire hung out at one of their friends' houses last night instead of dealing with the tourist trap the town had already become now that the out-of-towners were invading. Jo didn’t have to convince her mother that a quiet night in was exactly what they needed after she came home yesterday afternoon.
“You’ll have to recommend some. I’m not really fluent when it comes to horror.”
“That doesn’t mean Cas is off the hook. I’m going to spend as much time with him as I can while we’re here and if I like what I see, he can expect to get a lot of phone calls and texts. Also, Jack. I want to get to know him better, too, before he runs off to college.”
Jo seemed to understand what he meant and left to join her mother while Bobby greeted John and Mary. Dean and Sam shared a look that Cas was unable to decipher, but he was confident it was along the lines of
Cas fixed Dean with one of his pointed stares, brow furrowing as his blue eyes narrowed. He let it linger for a long moment before letting it soften. “Nothing against Sam and Jo, but you are the only one I ever want to hear sing this song aside from Ron Sexsmith.”
They had all night to play and enjoy each other’s bodies.
“I want you so badly it hurts,” he lamented, pulling back to gaze into those green eyes that were still blown. “Don’t you understand that?”
“Guess I’ll have to continue my education then.”
She stretched out the pause between each word in that question, never taking her eyes off the man she had just been flirting with a second earlier. “I won’t have just anyone dating, Mr. Novak. He’s my dad. So you better be the shit.”
As he returned his attention back to the stage, Cas found himself watching Dean. He listened to the lyrics which he knew by heart, feeling them paint a future that was pregnant with possibility.
Leaning forward, he rested his forehead against his boyfriend’s content in the knowledge he had finally found his person. Cas pulled back when an idea popped into his brain.
That didn’t mean he wanted to embarrass himself and everyone else with his lack of skill when it came to vocals.
“Thank you.” He stared at the keys as his heart tightened. “This means so much. You’ll obviously have your own set to my place as soon as I get mine.”
The Impala arrived at a fork in the road. Left took you to the lake, right to the camp. Dean followed the left curve. It was wide enough for exactly one vehicle. He was happy they were the only ones here. As late as it was, there was little doubt anyone else would still be around. If he was wrong, he may go all Jason Voorhees himself. His phone had read two-twenty-three when he hung up with Sam. He sighed in relief when they reached the lake and nary a vehicle or another soul was in sight.
Castiel stuck his head inside the car with a questioning look on his face. “Do you need help removing your jeans? I’m quite dexterous.”
Jack said nothing for a moment. “I really didn’t need to know that.”
Dean threw down the gauntlet after Cas and Jack left the dining room. He felt emboldened, not abandoned. Like hell was he going to let his father tell him how to live his life now that it was finally getting started in a real, tangible way. Not when he was so close to getting everything he had ever wanted.
“So did I.”
When he woke up Christmas morning, Cas was still passed out. Dean watched him sleep, a lazy grin pulling at the corners of his mouth. He could hear Jack moving around downstairs and the grin grew broader. This was so damn perfect. Everything he had been through was worth it since it led to Cas and Jack.
“Is this what happens when you can’t sleep?” Cas teased. “You accost people in the middle of the night?”
Lovers weren’t something Castiel confessed to having. His first was a reaper bitch who had tricked him into cashing in his v-card in order to hold him hostage and torture him for information. This happened a few years ago. Before that, nothing. Balthazar had been a big neon sign, but still zilch. The rock star angel who gave exactly zero fucks about anything except his old pal Castiel basically eye fucked him every time they were in the same room. Castiel never seemed to hate it. On the contrary, it very much appeared as though he liked it. At least in Dean’s estimation. But what did he know? Until tonight, he hadn’t been able to admit he was bisexual.
“Wait, do you guys own this place?” Sam couldn’t believe their luck. One glance at his brother showed Dean felt the same way. He grinned, knowing he would get the truth out of Dean later. His brother’s reaction to seeing Jack and Cas was too good to ignore. While he was a little hurt that Dean hadn’t confided in him fully regarding Cas, he understood. He had been there himself when it came to crushes.
Jack shook his head, a lopsided grin on his lips. “No way. I’ve lived here my whole life and never knew how cool this place is. My friends and I snuck in a few times, but it was boring. Not like now.”
“Are you sassing your mother and I, boy? After we flew three hours to see you and spend time with you at Christmas?”
“We are totally watching that together,” Dean told him.
“I didn’t do anything.” Cas brought his head back enough so it rested beside Dean’s.
“No one who loves Christmas and its unlimited potential as much as you do could ever be a total douche. It’s why I think there’s hope for Dad. He has such a big heart and maybe it’s his Marine-minded way of protecting it. To him, we have too much to lose. He doesn’t see that it’s not the money we’re scared of losing.”
“Shut up.” Sam laughed. “So, like I was saying, this song has special significance. The band has only played it once before ... but it went
“What? It’s an icebreaker!”
With that, Dean walked out of the room — pausing only when Mary grabbed his hand and shared a look of understanding with him — with Sam and Jessica in tow.
This also was explained to Cas, who wore a Mona Lisa smile as he listened. Instinctively, Dean suspected the other man understood because he had been in a similar situation himself. It turned out, he was right as Cas told him he had been devastated when Kelly died. Not only due to his losing her, but because he felt there was so much he could have said and done; though when pressed by her parents and Jody and Donna to come up with an example, he couldn't.
“Yes, please. You’ll have to prep me,” he warned. “It’s been awhile Like a
There was a long silence before Dean responded. He pulled his gaze away from the doors and turned it on his brother. “No. What the hell is his deal anyway?”
“The lodge hosts a buffet breakfast and dinner, as well as guided nature walks through the woods to the foot of the mountain that have garnered enough interest to become an annual event. There also is ice skating available at Masters Pond, which is adjacent to the park on the far side; a movie marathon at The Barn; games at Arcade Alley; and a few other attractions. Plus, some of the restaurants are open and the coffee shop doesn’t close till three p.m.”
Waving Dean in for a hug, the younger sibling wrapped his arms around him as his brother did the same. “So are you, Dean. Don’t fuck it up with Cas. He’s good for you. He and Jack both are.”
As Baby made her way down the long dirt road toward the lake, Dean took the opportunity to smooth any ruffled feathers. “So, you said this chick led you away from the house and into the woods a couple miles away. Makes sense. Sam and I went all over that property or so we thought. He said the actual property was ten acres. There was no way we could have searched it all, just the two of us. I’m sorry. You were still there and we …
“Pizza, porn, and a half-naked you ogling me in my panties?” Dean undressed, taking his time so his boyfriend could enjoy the show. “Best date ever.”
as “you can’t go wrong with a classic.” Also, Phoebe Cates. Jack chose
It was when he saw Castiel again after that period that the puzzle pieces locked into place. Being unprepared to face such impossible, nay improbable, feelings of attraction or love toward this man, Dean pushed them down, down, down to be dealt with later or better yet never. However, never was a concept that didn’t really work with the Winchesters. Such concepts always came back to bite them in the ass.
Smiling, Cas leaned down and kissed him thoroughly as a thank you. “Breakfast. Then, I have to bake your gift so it can cool while we’re at Jody and Donna’s. It’s already after eleven.”
It was so quiet Dean wondered for a second if his father had uttered the single word or if he had imagined it. He felt Sam’s hand on his shoulder and turned his gaze to meet his. Sam had heard John. Okay then. Looking back at his parents, Dean took a deep breath and launched into an oral history of his and Cas’ love story to date.
“That’s actually pretty cool. So, if I show up for Hazy Days of Summer, you won’t shoot me in the head or anything like that?”
Hot Dad thought about it for a minute. “‘Barroom Brawl’ is a lot of fun. Though probably ‘Flagstaff’ if I’m being honest.”
“Told you he was allergic to fun.” Dean stepped next to Cas, putting out a
There was no disputing his wife when she laid down the law like this. John nodded. “Understood.”
Castiel smiled. Dean was slow to wake unless there was an emergency, whereas Sam tended to be a rise-and-shine guy. As for the angel, sleep was not required though he enjoyed resting when the opportunity arose. He rested well last night with the man he loved in his arms.
“Tonight. He’s going to be at the dinner at Jody’s. I can’t wait to meet Jody’s wife. She’s the town sheriff. Cas is close with them both.”
There was movement to his left as the song ended. A moment later, John was before him. The older man wore an expression that seemed to Cas to be one of measured acceptance — not only of his and Dean’s relationship and of Cas’ place in Dean’s life, but of Cas himself. They silently exchanged looks that Cas interpreted as,
“Our story only enhances it for him. At least the first one. We don’t really match the other two films as much.” Cas lifted a shoulder.
Having been perched on the edge of his chair the entire time, Cas took advantage of the dissolution of the tension between them and sat in it properly. His arms resting on either side. “I want to apologize for avoiding you since yesterday. I’m usually more visible, but I couldn’t bear running into you with things as awkward as they were.”
Dean stirred, slurring the words but injecting them with meaning nonetheless. He pressed a kiss into the hollow of Castiel’s throat.
The regret that pushed up his throat tasted like bile. Dean licked his lips and swallowed it down. Christ. He could have tasted Castiel’s cum, wrapped his mouth around the other man’s cock. What he wouldn’t give to taste Castiel. To have his tongue slide between those plush lips and explore. Sex aside, they could go out for breakfast or dinner. Hell any meal would do. Maybe see a movie?
“Ha!” Cas smiled triumphantly as though it was karmic retribution for her teasing him about the cottage.
He also was aware of the pull family can have on a person. It was what had brought him to Snow Falls in the first place and what had kept him here since. Not that the town hadn’t worked its charm on him. Cas wouldn’t have stayed for so long if he hadn’t been genuinely happy with his situation. Jack had been his excuse for sticking around initially; not wanting to tear him away from the only home he had ever known. The White Spruce Mountain Lodge also was another component. It would have been rude to sell it so soon after inheriting it from Kelly. She had also factored into his reasoning until it dawned on him why he would stay.
be settled here by then, right?” She grinned at Dean mischievously.
“He’s right,” Sam jumped in, having his brother’s back. “It’s small, but a good fit for him. Comes fully furnished and everything. No pullout couch, but I can always get a room here, right, Cas?”
A satisfied smile tugged at the corners of his mouth.
Considering him for a long moment, Bobby relented. “I almost believe you believe that. What the hell? I want to walk through the downtown and give the more central venues another look over tomorrow, so let’s do it. We’ll do that first, so you boys can spend the afternoon rehearsing. What time do you have to be in the square?”
She sighed. “Cas, I’m sorry. It never occurred to me he would be anything less than happy to see you. Especially from the way Jack talked and your reaction to his retelling of that night. I honestly wasn’t planning some lovers reunion. Much.”
As though a switch had been flipped, Dean’s frown turned upside down. “Yeah, there is. Let’s do this! Any chance of finding a hot drink and maybe some cookies along the way? I’m not going to get anything tomorrow night during the opening ceremonies.”
“Ha! Yeah, right.” She pulled from her paper coffee cup and promptly burned her tongue.
Pulling his attention back to the ceiling, he sighed. “Cas was freaking out about meeting Mom and Dad, and here I am freaking out about being worthy of him. Truth of the matter is I’m just terrified I’m going to fuck it up. I did with Lisa. Hell, Benny and I never had a chance to get too far past the starting gate because of my inability to accept myself.”
Despite the teen’s lifelong wish to attend Columbia, it had been Princeton University that had won him over in the end. On top of it, he had received a full-ride scholarship thanks to his exemplary academic and service records. The tuition fund his family had started for him would be transferred into Jack’s name in four years upon his receiving his bachelor’s degree.
“Nope. I am exactly where I want to be. Besides, I’ll be with them on Tuesday afternoon for the park concert and the big Christmas Eve shindig. I deserve a few days off dammit!” She grinned, then set her sights on Cas.
His focus back on Cas, Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head. Cas smiled for a moment before returning to a more subdued appearance.
Letting his mind wander, Dean imagined having Cas over for movie nights that turned into lazy mornings in bed. A housewarming party that would be just as much for them, celebrating the good things in their lives.
belong with us. Not just tonight. He’s your brother and a good guy. Jack and I like him. We would like to spend more time with Sam, if he’s willing.” Dean tightened his grip on him for a second. “As for the rest, well, I have questionable taste in men, so I wouldn’t read too much into it.”
“That is one descriptive sweater.” Cas couldn’t take his eyes off it. It was hideous … and hilarious. Chances were slim Dean would have his coat open once they were outside but, even if he did, most people would laugh.
“Yeah. Should be good. Kinda looking forward to performing unplugged,” Sam admitted. “We really don’t do it enough.”
Dean’s nerves faded as he took in the astonishment on his boyfriend’s face. He had never written a song for anyone till Cas and he wouldn’t want it any other way.
During one of Castiel’s disappearances where he had been seemingly killed, Dean had kept his friend’s signature outerwear — intact yet bloody — in the trunk of the Impala. In those darkest moments when the loss weighed too heavy on him, he would pull out the tan trench coat and breathe in Castiel’s scent. He didn’t do it too often out of fear that familiar musk would fade away. It never did.
Balthazar mocked.
Sam looks up from his computer and bites back a laugh. “A mistletoe, genius.”
Well, he would overcome that. Castiel continued to watch him collect what he needed. There was… a magazine he took, one with lots of naked women inside. Castiel was fascinated to find that Dean softened when he picked it up. Rays of joy shone out of his soul, over the guarding he had put around it. He felt at ease.
The next morning, when Dean brushes his teeth, he only notices the mistletoe above the bath door through the mirror. It looks exactly like the ones in the kitchen and the library. Very neatly put-together, with a kitschy bow around it and a strip of tape holding it in place. It glitters in pink and golden colors.
“We could’ve, y’know…” he begins. “Gone together. Logged it together.” Used the long drive for a Beyoncé sing-along in the car.
Cas looks down with a tiny smile. “My apologies. In my defense, you
And Jack and
It isn’t the same with Eileen, or even Jack and Sam. Dean would always turn around to wave them from his little boat.
“You taught me that,” Dean says, stepping closer. “And now I can do what I want.” He holds Cas’ soft gaze for a little while before walking behind the counter. He takes the small box with the golden clasp from the secret drawer below the cash register.
Dean loves Cas for all he is, for every single quirk. Even the annoying patterns of speech and inability to sort laundry the right way. The stubbornness (especially on hunts), and the weirdly suggestive use of emojis in texts that sometimes make Dean giggle like a teenager.
“Yeah, let’s not waste any time.” Dean’s face splits into the widest grin, and he adds, “You look good, Cas.”
Dean greets him with a sturdy nod. Someone spying is the last thing he needed.
Again, Castiel caught himself wondering if Dean had understood what he had said. After all, he still thought of Castiel as a demon, or something other. Just no angel. He was scared, and the fear made his walls come up again. Castiel would have never admitted it out loud, but it frustrated him. He wanted to see this love’s light, shining in God’s path through his soul.
“A bakery,” Dean says proudly as he opens the door. He shakes the snow off his shoes before stepping inside. “Come on in, my friend,” he says, careful not to wake the neighbors.
Dean steps back and brings up his hand to cup Cas’ face, because he needs to do this ardent gesture to get his love out there
“You don’t think you deserve to be saved,” Castiel realized.
“That’s nice of you, sir,” Fitzgerald says a tad too loudly for someone who is about to steal Christmas tree decoration in the middle of the night. Poor fellow could use it though, with the sixth child underway. Dean knows that.
“Yup. All right. Say cheese…!”
“Kiss me already, you-”
“I am so sorry it took me so long,” he utters. “I’m so sorry for pushing you away, year after year after year. I was blind, Cas.
This bakery was a dream come true. On the main street, apartment right above it. The mere thought that it could become even
Yes. By now Castiel was awfully aware of the fact Dean could not understand him. His voice had just come out as one loud and inhumanly horrible scream. Since the Garden, no angel had screamed at a human for so long.
“Dean, um… You and Claire really grew dear to Jack’s heart. I told you this before, but… I’m just so very grateful he found someone who truly understands him. It’s still not that easy for him to find friends.”
Both breathe in deeply, gasping at the sudden closeness, as if it’s something new. It is, and it’s not at the same time – they feel different, soaking in the other’s warmth.
“She likes seeing herself in the mirror then?” he asks Sam over one of the library tables once they’re alone.
As Dean watches him and the green branches, watches the pink bows and lights, the tacky Christmas tree stand and Cas’ sad back, an idea strikes his mind and decides to stay: Castiel hung all those mistletoes. And now he is sorely disappointed.
“Yeah, but you like everything,” Dean says and returns to the table, glancing at the big book Jack is studying. “What’re you reading about?”
“Castiel?” Dean asked, his green eyes wide. Castiel froze. Oh, he could already hear Balthazar slandering. There was something powerful about Dean Winchester saying his name. Castiel liked it.
Castiel nodded silently.
Dean inhales sharply at that. “Sorry to hear that, man. I just wanted to say, um – let’s not drop that thing like a hot potato just ‘cause of a change of school. If the kids still wanna hang out together…”
Dean loves that Eileen would stay for Christmas; it adds to his already giddy mood. With Sam the Grinch being gone and Miracle the dog added to the family, nothing stood in the way of a truly wholesome Christmas. The end of this year would be completely over the top in the schmaltz department. Maybe even with a Christmas tree, if it were up to Dean. He figures that they kind of earned it – and that they maybe have things to catch up on, considering they had never
. Them, together. This angel, who could snap him to dust with a mere thought. But Cas
When they kick the soccer ball in the empty garden, Claire talks to Jack about their plan again. In a quiet voice, of course. Her daddy was still inside, behind the glass door. Too close.
Jack is the first guest to arrive at Claire’s birthday. He gifts her a very cute cat, which Claire thanks him for, but other than that he seems sad. Despite the party hat. He tells Claire that, originally, his daddy wanted to talk to hers today, possibly about eating spaghetti, but there was a sudden emergency at work so that he had to drive away very, very quickly.
he began.
“Night, dad.”
He pulls away to be able to bathe in Cas’ sky-blue eyes. He looks nothing like the tree topper he masquerades as the rest of the year. He doesn’t even look like a real angel, if we were being honest, yet his celestial heritage is undeniable. Three years ago, Dean bought a Kodak just to have his picture taken, and even the photograph oozes with Castiel’s rich magic. It gives Dean strength every morning, when he kisses it.
Dean’s soul all but shuddered at the sight. “Some angel you are,” he snarled when they had dematerialized. “You burned out that poor woman’s eyes.”
Somewhen, Cas notices and falls silent, staring back all soft. Head tilting slowly, plump lips parted.
He wanted to do this part of his task perfectly and practiced what he should say to Dean. The disaster from the gas station would not happen again. Balthazar’s unholy comments were punishment enough.
But Dean lets it all happen. He responds tenderly to Cas’ boldness, lets his tongue lick every corner of his mouth with that slight cosmic prickle. He finds that Cas tastes of the cookies they baked, which is earth-shattering, considering he can’t taste and doesn’t know hunger.
“Yes,” Cas says quietly, “I thought it… would match your eyes.”
he asked.
“I saw a tiger at a zoo once,” Claire tells him proudly. “With my daddy.”
“All right!”
“Should we, um…” He clears his throat and looks at Cas knowingly. Flicks his tie with a playful finger. God, it feels so good to allow himself to do this. No shame in it.
He adores Christmas pop songs, which should come as no surprise to Dean, really, considering they bought a CD player for the pimpmobile just so Cas could listen to Destiny’s Child while driving. But Dean still kind of thought Cas would be the kind of person to put boy choirs singing hymns on repeat. Something on the more religious side of Christmas. But, no. He listens to Mariah Carey, and Toni Braxton, and Wham. On repeat.
“You did this,” Dean says softly. “You helped me grow.”
“My lips are sealed,” Dean says.
come up with,” Cas growls and chuckles as if he’s just messing with Dean after all, the cheeky bastard. “I goddamn hope you bought one of those atrociously ugly rags for yourself, too,” Dean snickers to cover up his blush.
“What’s wrong? What are you reading?” Claire asks when Dean buries his blushing head in the pillow. With a boiling face, he types,
Dean nods and wonders if he should put more faith in his courage or his stupidity. Probably wouldn’t make a difference. “Hey, listen,” he begins anew, “do you wanna – you know, have dinner sometime soon?” He finally meets Cas’ blue eyes, squinting at him. “Not just birthday leftovers, those weren’t that fabuloso,” he specifies with a half-joking callback to Claire’s sixth birthday.
“Hey – you’re the one running around naked. Also… hmmm, just wait for what I can make
is late for bed.”
? Even the bath? Did he want to be
“Good. We mustn’t forget it.”
Jack’s eyes widen. “My mom is dead, too. Me and my dad are alone. We don’t even have a pet.”
Castiel stopped when Dean’s friend rushed into the room to interrupt. He restrained his annoyance and looked closer, only to freeze yet again. Dean was in pain. Castiel could see shards of glass and mirrors in the room, and blood. Why had he not noticed that? Was he that distracted?
“You’re welcome. I thought you would like some,” Cas says with a soft smile in Dean’s direction.
“Stay,” Dean says again, turning the box in his hands. “Run this shop with me, or don’t, if you don’t wanna. Just don’t go away. Let us watch the bees together, and fly a kite in fall. I’ll buy you a pair of skates an’ we’ll go ice skating in winter – today, if you want to.” He sighs. “We’ll take the Kodak with us and have someone take our picture, and I’ll put it upstairs, and there we can see it every day.”
“It’s not something that friends do,” Dean clarifies slowly. Mostly for himself. “Sam and Eileen, oh, they had a blast. I think they appreciated it,” he adds with a smile to cheer Cas up.
really loves to imagine his dick smashing him into a wall until he’s senseless – but whatever, that’s beside the point. He does not
“I’m so sorry,” Dean whispers. “I, I didn’t notice. I thought…” He strokes his thumb over Cas’ face and the cute blush sitting high on his cheekbones. Did
It takes Dean a moment to remember that he wanted to tell Jack about Elf on the Shelf, but just when he opens his mouth to speak, Cas steps into the library with two mugs in his hands.
The lamps explode when finally, Cas shoves a thick leg between his, and then Cas’ hands are on Dean’s ass and squeeze it, pull him closer by it, against Cas’ own – oh, God, his
Dean can’t tell if Cas knows what he is doing to him right now, but he seems more than happy about Dean’s moans (and his sensitive nipples), because he grunts appreciatively into their next kiss, running his hands over Dean’s sides now, over the ribs marked with Enochian spells, and Dean’s whole body shudders with pleasure, pressing hard against Cas. Grabbing his hair, finding Cas likes that because it pulls a guttural moan from him.
It’s all very blissful and more than Dean could have ever hoped for. A joyful dance. However, when they part later on, he could swear he saw Cas looking at the doorway’s mistletoe just a second too long. Not that Dean
“I’ve collected them all year. Pressed them with newspapers. Not that many flowers to see in December after all. Here, I wrote down the name – place I found them – and checked whether the bees liked them, so we could go and… watch them do their thing.”
Cas frowns. “But you are my Christmas present,” he says. “Every year.”
Tenderly, he intertwines their fingers. Cas looks up in surprise, plump lips parted. “I missed you,” Dean says again, from the bottom of his heart. Feels Cas’ own warmth instead of Heavenly light.
“It’s very interesting. There is a whole Krampus cult, with plays in the Christmas time, where they chase around children in the villages. It sounds kinda fun.”
“They are very pretty,” Cas replies, as if complimenting someone’s
But it’s not as easy to slip into silence with them that actually felt intimate instead of uncomfortable. Even if this thing that he and Cas have would ultimately lead nowhere – which, to be clear, was the more than likely scenario, for all those longings – Dean valued the quiet moments.
What the hell – they’ve both wanted this – Dean swallows again, harder. He’s an idiot. A real, honest to God, class A idiot.
And Dean all but melts – oh, fuck, FUCK! His heart is close to pounding out of his chest, blood pumping through his ears and all, because after all of this, something needs to be
They talk and smile a lot when Jack and Claire arrive, and then they talk some more with Jack and Claire on their arms.
“He said he wanted to read in his room.”
Castiel swallowed as he left. In Heaven, he framed the incident as a warning to blasphemers and unbelievers. In reality, the feeling of shame ate into his grace with such sourness that he preferred to stay alone for the next hours.
mission. God had work for him. Now Castiel understood why the human had been resurrected.
“Hello?”
“I didn’t,” Jack says with an innocent shake of his head.
Castiel stepped closer. “Good things do happen, Dean.”
“Very good,” she agrees. “Then there’s no doubt. Otherwise the mailman could have left them.”
And, wow, Cas looks all soft when he replies, “Yes. I’d love that.”
‘Joy’ is too little a word to describe his feelings for Castiel. Ever since he had found Dean on Christmas Eve twelve years ago, they met here every time. And each year, Dean has been falling in love a little bit more with him. With this angel mellowed with age.
And this year has been all about finding himself. Tonight, Castiel would be the crowning moment of this journey, just like he has been its glorious starting point years ago. Tonight, Dean would finally tell him.
inconvenience him.
“Yeah, don’t worry about me,” Cas replies far too loudly for it to be genuine. He sniffs and slowly turns around to the tree.
Claire steps in before Miss Bradbury is there. She is angry at Claire for hitting stupid Ruby. In the sickroom, Claire sticks close to Jack. “Don’t worry about that idiot,” she tells him when Ruby sticks out her tongue to him. “You can play with us instead.”
Dean extends a hand. “I know, you’re not a fairy. But you, y’know – you’re sweet an’ dainty.”
Going to Earth was harder than Castiel had remembered. He had drilled discipline into himself before descending. Repeated his lines to not fluff them when he used a human vessel for communication.
“Dean… Dean…!”
After the windows had crashed and Dean had laid screaming on the floor, Castiel fell quiet.
“Yes,” Cas says with a nod, putting his cheesy novelette down, and stands up from the bed. He meticulously straightens the creases before they leave for the Dean Cave. “I, um… thought about getting pie,” Cas says on the way. “When I’m walking Miracle tonight.”
quite like Cas. He does not know what’s acceptable and what is not. Perhaps he has an inkling by now, but if that is the case, he does not seem to care about it that much. His familiar touch makes Dean’s heart flutter inside his chest like a butterfly.
together, to be as they wished. Who could ever be this lucky?
Cas probably understands
It was then when he noticed Dean. He was the connection to Castiel, and as courageous as ever, soul shining like a star. It made Castiel falter. He tensed up.
The night is so clear that the stars reflect on the surface of the frozen pond. Cas frees some leaves of the big weeping willow from the ice, where there are no footprints in the snow yet. Dean catches him there, playfully, and they dance a little between the tree’s cascades.
He lifts his head and rubs his arms as he takes in the view of the large Christmas tree. Red bows and wooden pendants shine in the lights of the candles, and he softens in the golden glow. There, on top of the ten feet tree, is the angel. A figurine with a white gown and golden wings, watching over the town. Tonight would be special, oh, he could hardly wait –
And now,
Cas looks down and slightly purses his lips. “You do too,” he says, timidly, and Dean rejoices in the tiny smile on Cas’ face that won’t quite go away for as long as they walk the empty streets.
, whatever the other angels said. Castiel did not want to
“Thank you,” Jack says. He really isn’t half bad. Claire thought it was unfair that he was bullied on his first day here. He plays everything that Claire and the others want to play with a big grin.
Dean often jokes about it, but he is incredibly thankful that Cas is now permanently living with them, in his own room, not randomly leaving anymore. It’s nice. Now Cas is always available for movie nights. And, more importantly, for family holidays. Dean doesn’t want to let his mind wander too far, because he knows it’s pointless, but he likes to imagine Cas loves staying with them, too.
“I have my work, Jack. I’m happy, really,” his dad says with a smile. But that is not his happy smile, Jack knows that. “You were happier when you seen Claire’s dad,” he says with a sniff.
“Well, we know that Garth won’t talk,” Dean jokes softly and wipes Cas’ tears away with gentle fingers. Cas leans into his touch with closed eyes.
Cas insists on taking a selfie with the two of them afterwards. It’s as bad as always. But cute.
later tonight.
It earns him a dab on his head, and another sweet kiss. In fact, there has never been a sweeter Christmas Day for Dean for as long as he can remember. The miserable past feels like a mighty stranger now, cowering before the brightest future.
“We need to talk, Dean,” he said, reveling in the knowledge that Dean could hear
When he’s back in the library, just in his underwear, corpus delicti in his hands, Dean is ready to snarl, ‘This is excessive and sick’ into his brother’s ear – but he only finds Cas. Decorating a new row of Christmas lights – not on a bookshelf this time, but a green tree. A conifer. On his toes.
. He needs to act
“I – I know. Jack told me,” Cas says, but his voice sounds broken and his eyes look like fractured crystals when they flutter. The sight immediately makes Dean forget his anger. Instead, concern for Cas floods his mind – He says his name and steps closer. “Hey, you all right?”
being loveless and without worth.
Cas sighs, looks at the bowl, and clumsily takes a tiny bit and eats it. He looks like it’s the most boring thing he’s ever had (“molecules”), but after swallowing he softens and smiles, all sappy and doe-eyed. Strong reaction to a knob of cookie dough, but –
The sheer sentimentality of it makes Dean whine. He gasps into their kisses when Cas’ curious hands slide down, over his magically tingling anti-possession tattoo, to his nipples, rubbing them appreciatively.
It was nice bathing in the warmth of his body, even though the physicality was challenging, and Dean was not particularly fond of too much closeness. He called it ‘personal space’.
Cas softens even further when he answers, “I have been, for only telling you now.”
He doesn’t – want –
Cas’ gravelly voice gently guides Dean back to the marketplace. “You seem preoccupied,” he notices. “Are you all right?”
“I, uh. Was on my way to get pajamas. Uhh – yeah. Nice tree, buddy.”
Dean turned it off.
Cas lowers the tangled Christmas lights in frustration and turns around slowly. He looks absolutely broken, with his wide eyes and pouty lips.
“You know, kissing when two people stand below a mistletoe,” Jack clarifies helpfully and cradles his mug with both hands. “I like it. It’s… so random. I mean, Christmas isn’t necessarily a romantic holiday, is it?”
Cas notices him before he says anything: “Ah – hello, Dean,” he smiles as he leaves the Christmas lights and turns to Dean, dark hair glistening as though snowflakes have melted in it – and despite the overwhelming situation, it does not escape Dean’s attention that his blue angel eyes take him in all shamelessly.
Cas’ lips cut him off, and his throaty chuckle vibrates deliciously in Dean’s mouth when they start moving against each other. Slow at first, but then the craving takes over, and it’s getting fast. Cas’ lips are dry and rough, as is his stubble. He’s hungry. And he’s strong, holding them in place just like this. Slides his tongue inside Dean’s mouth expertly. A bit unsure maybe, but goddamn, it’s sexy.
The second step is picking flowers, because flowers were always very romantic. “And then I said – oh,
“Dean…”
There is another long pause, but at least Cas is giving him a little smile now. “The cucumber train was tasty though,” he says. “And the burgers you make are always delicious.”
Cas pulls away to look at him ever so softly. Blue eyes full of – love.
“I want
When they arrive at the kindergarten, he is already there to pick Jack up. Jack waves goodbye to Claire, only to find that they walk in the same direction, because apparently, the tall man next to Jack’s dad is
They high-five each other. That only left the plan’s third step – an invitation to eat out. When Claire’s daddy would come to pick her up today, Jack would invite him to come eat at his place, so that their dads could eat spaghetti with candlelight and meatballs, like in Lady and the Tramp.
“Dean…” Cas withdraws. Blue eyes broken.
“Let’s not give up, okay?” Claire says a bit too loud, but when she turns around, her dad is still inside. She steps closer to Jack to say, “My dad always talks about meeting someone new. Always! And he likes other men, so that is no problem. Like, yeah, he told me it’s not something I should worry about, but we gotta keep trying! Or do you wanna give up just like that? We’re in this together.”
There is only one problem. Claire feels her heart sink when she realizes it isn’t her daddy picking her up after school today – it is Uncle Sam.
“No. You didn’t.” Bobby was emphatic having heard the lurid details from the boys as well as their parents. “It wasn’t that kind of party.”
Though he wasn’t overly fond of the
It was after two in the morning when Cas, Dean, and Jack got home.
“Oh, is that how it is?” Sam teased.
The excitement generated by those in attendance could have powered up the tree as everyone buzzed about the ceremony; seeing Santa Claus, who was figuratively flipping the switch on the lights (there’s an app for that); and hearing Scrapyard Dogs play a selection of holiday favorites. Most residents hadn’t heard of the band prior to Dean and Sam’s arrival, but a handful had gotten to know them in the short time they had been in town. Dean was a regular at the bar in town, not just because of the alcohol, but also because the cook made a mean bacon double cheeseburger. He loved a good, ol’ cholesterol-busting burger almost as much as he loved pie.
“Because I was already thinking you were my present, Cas. And whatever pain some douchey guy or guys brought you in the past only means you are overdue for some really good lovin’.” He paused. “From me. In case that wasn’t clear.”
With the rest of his sandwich gone, Dean wiped his mouth and hands with the napkin on the table next to his empty plate. Wow. Hot Dad wanted his number. This was a very good night.
Cas had heeded Dean’s silent warning earlier, ducking back out the door and coming through a side entrance without being detected by any of the family. He was ready to meet John and Mary, but couldn’t afford to be distracted from his work as he had planned a short day due to the concert. Luckily, the Winchesters had kept to their rooms until their meal reservation so Cas was able to stay on course. There was a phone call he was expecting, but otherwise had made sure to let the staff know he was not to be disturbed while he was in the dining room.
He shook his head. “No. Claire’s my best friend. I’ve known her all my life. She’s Donna and Jody’s daughter. You’ll meet her tomorrow at dinner.”
John didn’t turn around. His hands were in his pockets, but Dean recognized the
“Go make yourself a plate,” Cas ordered. To the latecomers, he added, “There’s plenty of food and drink. Help yourselves.”
That said, Cas had been perfectly happy to observe his son meeting one of his music idols from the other side of the hallway. He had a perfect view. It had seemed to be going well enough. Then, came the signal and away Cas went. The man Jack had been talking to was strikingly handsome with short, sculpted brown hair that obviously took a lot of time and product to make look that good. His chiseled features would make anyone with a libido take notice, but it was how Dean had looked at Cas when their eyes first met that had made his pulse quicken.
a Scrapyard Dogs tune. Despite what Sammy says, I’m not that narcissistic.”
As they walked down Main Street, the smile on Dean’s face grew wider and brighter with every step. Downtown Snow Falls was decorated from one end to the other with every type of winter and Christmas decoration you could imagine. A few storefronts opted to highlight Kwanzaa, which impressed both him and Sam. They liked the town was inclusive when it came to the winter holidays. While Sam interrogated Jody on how Hanukkah was represented, Dean half-listened, too busy soaking up the magic of the season.
“How the hell did we not know about the sleigh rides?!” Dean lamented. “Dude, I have always wanted to go on a sleigh ride!”
“Happy. Excited about something other than your music. Excited about some
Christmas Eve saw them at The Barn. Located fifteen minutes from White Spruce Mountain Lodge, it was a huge old barn that had been converted into a theatre that held thirteen hundred people and had hosted some name acts in the past ten years. It was situated on the land where a farm with ties to Snow Falls’ founding family once was located. Fire had destroyed the farmhouse some fifteen years ago, but the barn had only received minimal damage. The structure had been expanded during the renovation to meet the town’s needs as a performing arts center that now served the entire tri-county region.
Castiel’s voice was as bright as a bell as he resurfaced, out of Hell and its fumes, into the sunny world. Breathing was easier now, and Castiel’s wings adjusted quickly to the new environment. He moved fast, but Dean Winchester’s soul was safe in his arms.
“If you’re free next week,” Cas says and breaks into a laugh directed at the ground, feet shifting as he chuckles, taking away every hidden doubt in Dean’s brain. This feels like cloud nine, good God. He should’ve asked much sooner.
“I’m really fucking dense, aren’t I.”
“Dude.”
The core of Dean Winchester’s soul was now so carefully tucked away that Castiel wanted to reach out and wipe away the walls Dean had put up. He was fascinating to look at.
Jack wonders about her mom and asks her about her.
Dean was terrified but brave despite his fear. He tried attacking Castiel with his trusty knife, and his friend tried to hit him when they realized it had no effect on an angel.
Chasing away those thoughts, he tried a smile to greet Dean. But emoting was even harder than navigating, and Dean’s reaction was discouraging enough: “Who are you?” he growled. His voice was very loud and deep. It, too, was part of the walls around his soul of love.
This got a chuckle from the crowd that soon turned into a chant of
He was never happier than when he was with the angel. So many times, now that Dean thought about it, there had been an opening for him to make the first move. They played like a highlight reel in his head now as he drove along the dimly lit road, illuminated intermittently by a streetlight. All those chances wasted. Had he had the balls to press his lips against Castiel’s just once, perhaps he would have had the slender man in his arms and in his bed.
The rest of their time together had been spent making plans for John and Mary to take a sleigh ride after hearing from their sons and their partners how lovely it was. The gorgeous, snowy scenery had made for a romantic interlude that the younger couples had enjoyed immensely. Cas had arranged for the older couple to squeeze it in ahead of the concert. They had even taken Jack’s advice at lunch and booked the nature tour for Christmas afternoon.
“I heard that!” John called out from a couple feet away where he was talking with Bobby.
“It took you just long enough. From what I understand, this is a different journey for everyone. I’m just so happy and grateful we’re on the same page. Thought, to be honest, I never thought we would be.
Ellen accompanied the merry band from the venue with her plus two due to join as soon as everything was squared away at The Barn. Jody and Donna had begged off as they had an early morning ahead of them in preparation for the Christmas dinner they would all be attending the next day. Claire came in their stead, gushing about how amazing the concert had been. That was where the conversation remained for a period until Jessica and Claire started having their own talk about music that soon had Jack in their thrall.
“That’s a nice story, Dean.” John finally spoke. His patronizing tone had everyone tensing, preparing for the onslaught. “It is. I don’t doubt you care for Cas very much. I just wish I believed he felt the same for you.”
John’s love of music had been passed down to Dean, who had embraced his dad’s love of 1970s and 1980s guitar rock. AC/DC. Allman Brothers. Foreigner. Eric Clapton. They were gods to Dean. Kansas’ “Carry On, Wayward Son” was a particular favorite. Sam had been slow to embrace the artists that had captured his dad’s and brother’s hearts, though the 1960s and 1970s were the decades he liked best. He did have a fondness for The Rolling Stones. In truth, he also was a fan of The Beatles, Fleetwood Mac, Carole King, and U2. Dean was still disappointed that last band had made their way onto Sam’s top five list.
Once he had assured the musician he wanted him by his side, Cas smiled when he had felt a squeeze on his knee. He had leaned back and planted a kiss on Dean’s cheek as
The band was not an overnight success. It was to the brothers’ eternal relief that it didn’t happen like that. Instead, it was word of mouth and companies such as Bandcamp and Spotify that had them slowly building their careers. Sam had insisted on graduating from college before devoting himself full-time to music. That hadn’t meant he wasn’t coming up with songs between studying and sleep. He and Dean had continuously emailed lyrics back and forth, as well as melodies, crafting tracks though apart. Dean also had written solo and recorded the demos, sending them to his brother for feedback.
Cas ran a hand through his lover’s hair while Dean was crouched. He stepped out of his briefs while their eyes stayed locked. When Dean rose, Cas returned the favor. The way he licked his lips when he first saw his lover’s cock, hard and full in width, made Dean’s balls retract.
“Damn, you feel so good.” He fit perfectly, like he was made for Dean and vice versa. “Once is not going to be enough.”
“I know you’re busy, but I’m glad I got to see you before the show. Jack and I will go wherever we're supposed to go and get out of your hair.”
The co-leaders of this band of renegades who had declared war on the brothers and Castiel appeared to lay out their plan. Villains always love to hear their own voices. These two were no exception. As they yammered on about their grand design (in short, they were going to kill the trio and take the bunker for their own nefarious deeds), Dean had begun working on picking the lock on the handcuffs. Sam saw what he was doing and flared his nostrils so Castiel would know they weren’t going to be here for long. The angel blinked once to inform his friend he got the message.
Dean thought back to how Cas had pulled him close once the horse began trotting along the path so that he was pressed to Cas’ side as they were snuggled under the blanket. He had felt claimed by his wonderful angel, even more so when Cas left a kiss on his head. They had drank hot chocolate while looking out over the winter landscape as a thermos of the sweet drink had been provided.
“I think even Jody is thinking of scaling back next year,” Ellen told him. “On the bright side, business is booming.”
“You sorry you’re not playing tonight?” Jack wondered if it was weird for Jo to watch Sam and Dean perform without her.
They were feeding off the good vibes now.
The crowd over by the pavilion was as big as the one at the tree lighting ceremony, if not a bit larger. It could be that everyone was more spread out, Cas observed. Either way, he was glad to have an inside man. He glanced at Jack, who was at his side as they moved along the outer edge away from where the people bundled up in coats, hats, scarves, and gloves were gathered. The younger man’s eyes were wide, his mouth slightly agape. They kept walking until they reached a woman wearing a headset and dressed for the cold, which was appropriate considering the temperature was in the low thirties despite the abundant sunshine.
“You’re coming tonight. My mom invited you and Jack, and that’s as good as my dad inviting you, too. It will be fun.”
They hit the ice, joining in with the other skaters as a soundtrack of Christmas tunes blared from the speakers set up around the perimeter of the pond. Jody and her wife Donna were out enjoying themselves when they spotted Dean and Cas. The foursome hung out, taking turns around the rink, and getting hot chocolate until it was time to call it a night.
Bobby nodded his approval. “When’s Jess coming?”
“Exactamundo.” Dean looked at Cas pensively. “You good with me coming? Haven’t changed your mind?”
Cas observed John peripherally, wondering what was bothering the man. He met his eyes once and they both smiled automatically. John’s didn’t quite reach his eyes. This bothered Cas as he feared if Dean’s parents didn’t approve of him, then their future wasn’t as secure as he had thought.
. Dean couldn’t argue when Castiel admitted this was good.
“You made it! I’m so happy you guys are here! Get in out of the cold. No reason for you all to be standing outside.” She moved aside to let them through, then closed the door. Arm extended, she encouraged them to give her their coats. “I’m just going to set these in the den. My wife Donna is in the kitchen putting the final preparations on dinner. She’ll be out to say hi soon. Cas and the kids are in the living room. Go on through!”
Nope. Nothing. Dean had no immediate reply to this. Damn this night was now full of the best surprises. As much as he and Castiel knew each other, they both were fonts of information tonight. His heart tightened upon hearing what his angel had to say. He didn’t know which to tackle first.
fundamental.
It occurred to Dean what John’s real issue was concerning Cas. It wasn’t so much he didn’t think Cas was worthy. Cas’ affection for Dean was only a small part of the bigger issue. Dean thought back to all the times John would pointedly mention prenups to Sam and joke about protecting his assets around Jessica in a thinly veiled attempt to manhandle Sam into his way of thinking. To all the conversations Dean and Sam would have afterward, where Sam would let out all his frustration and tell him how it didn’t matter because Jessica had already declared she wouldn’t take anything from him when they were married — not even his name.
“It’s a big ol’ singalong with the boys taking the lead. So, you won’t ruin Christmas, honey. I think we all know my husband has that honor on lockdown.”
“What are you thinking?” Cas asked cautiously. “Have I scared you off?”
Sam turned wide eyed to Dean, who shrugged. Lifting a shoulder, Sam pulled a face that asked if they should. Dean cast his eyes over the large pool of people and back to his brother, before sliding over to Jo, who gave him a toothy grin in response. Another glance back at Sam confirmed he was game, which left one other person.
“Good for him! See? This is why you have nothing to worry about with Ma and Pa Winchester. They are going to see you two being all cutesy couple-y and know you are the perfect partner for their son.”
Dean considered this as he saw the vulnerability in Cas. What had he gone through to doubt how damn beautiful he was? He wanted to know everything about his friend and was willing to return the favor. He hadn’t been willing to open himself up to anyone since his ex-girlfriend Lisa. Despite the unintended devastation she had left behind, Dean was finally ready to risk his heart.
“What are we singing?” Jack steered the conversation back to more pressing matters.
Apparently that calming breath sounded like a dejected sigh.
If there was one moment that stood out though, it had been when Cas had complimented his performance of “If I Didn’t Have You.” There was no mistaking how much the song had meant to Dean and it had seemed as though Cas’ praise was the icing on the cake. He had never met a celebrity until that night. Such a special experience had satisfied him so that he had no desire to ever meet another. Nothing could ever match meeting Dean. Somehow, Cas suspected Dean and Sam didn’t see themselves as celebrities. That just made him like them more.
Castiel had been put to a different set of standards than Sam. Dean could see that now. He had thought of the angel as a brother, told him he was family, but he never fantasized about Sam the way he did about Castiel. They were soul brothers. They were friends, but also more than friends. On nights when he wasn’t sleeping with a woman he had just met — which even he had to admit didn’t happen nearly as often as it used to; had been that way for awhile — but couldn’t succumb to slumber, Dean would slide his right hand underneath his boxers and think of Castiel.
coming?”
Dean lifted a shoulder nonchalantly, picking a cookie off Cas’ plate and taking a bite. His green eyes grew large as he liked what he was eating.
The meeting had gone better than she could have dreamed. As it happened, Dean absolutely loved Christmas and couldn’t think of a better way to spend the holiday than in a town that felt as strongly as he did. Sam had been a tougher sell, but Jody saw how much he had enjoyed seeing his brother’s face light up at the prospect. He had a girlfriend and didn’t want to be away from her especially at Christmas. There also were their parents to consider as spending the holidays with them was tradition. Jody had sweetened the pot by offering rooms at the White Spruce Mountain Lodge for not just Sam and Dean, but Bobby and their family, too. She knew the owner kept a block of rooms open for the festival’s band du jour every year.
“I’m not worried.”
“Never going to this live down,” he mumbled.
“Your point?”
“Yeah? So, you take Bobby instead. It’ll be fun. You’ll make a memory.”
won’t happen again.”
“I’m all yours, Cas. Now, it’s my turn.”
“Four words: Apocalyptic Christmas horror musical.” Dean went old school with the original
“Because he knows the story,” Dean surmised.
, but don’t be an idjit, boy.”
.” Two tiny words were stressed to within an inch of their life. Dean didn’t want to have this conversation standing by the front desk, so he pointed toward the space opposite them. “Shall we?”
As he sat in the passenger seat of the car, Dean’s cheeks were flushed and his heart trilled like someone was playing a drumroll on it. It had been so long since he had a crush on anyone, let alone being in such a confined space with that person. When they had walked around town this afternoon and put the decorations on the festival tree, they were outside. When they had talked last night, just the two of them, in different areas of the lodge, there was plenty of space to move and breathe.
“That’s my boy,” Dean declared proudly.
“Don’t believe him, Dean. I’m still waiting,” Jack warned, shooting a disgruntled side-eyed glance at his father.
His father spun around his features contorted into hurt and anguish. “That is
“What do you do for fun if ugly Christmas sweaters aren’t your thing? And you can’t say music. That’s obvious.”
“Alright. You win,” Sam relented, lifting the corner of his mouth. “This could be pretty cool, actually.”
After Jack had gone up to his room last night, Cas and Dean had made out on the couch for another half hour before calling it. Cas had to be at the lodge early to greet guests arriving for the Winter Festival, plus he had a full day ahead of him to ensure he could attend the ceremony that evening with Jack. Dean didn’t have rehearsal with Sam until two o’clock, but he wanted to make sure he got a good night’s rest and time for a hot herbal tea to treat his vocal cords.
Scrapyard Dogs took the stage to the roar of a very appreciative crowd. One that took full advantage of the all ages policy as attendees ranged from senior citizens to infants. Everybody sang along to the songs during the audience participation segments, of which there were many. Their enthusiasm was infectious as Dean was buzzing through the entire fifty-minute concert, which included an encore.
Nodding in understanding and biting his bottom lip to hold back a grin, Dean looked at Cas. “So, you gonna pick out your ornament, Butch? Never hung out with a notorious bad boy before. That’s usually my shtick.”
“How much of that is yours?” He gestured haphazardly to Castiel’s wardrobe.
will start at two-thirty. It’s a personal favorite of mine.”
Cas brushed his lips against Dean’s before capturing his mouth, pouring as much adoration and gratitude into the kiss as possible.
“Good.” Dean kissed him possessively using up what energy he had left. “I never mix business with pleasure.”
“I like the way you taste, too,” he added, his insides melting all over again as he looked at his angel in this new light. “Can’t wait to taste the rest of you.”
Slipping his hand into Dean’s on top of the table the second he saw him tense, Cas gave it a squeeze. He watched Dean relax slightly before replying.
your asses. Even he knows you two belong together. Hell, Bobby is rooting for you. Claire overheard him tell Ellen last night at Harvelle’s when they stopped in after their date. Ellen’s like you with the lodge. Can’t leave it too long out of fear it will fall apart without you.”
Not wanting to see the light go out in Dean’s eyes so soon after his arrival, Jody took charge of the conversation. “What do you say we go for a walk around the downtown? Give you boys a quick tour before depositing you at the White Spruce? Thought we could grab lunch at the hotel, if you’re hungry.”
“That fucking dillhole,” Dean spat when Cas finished his story. His green eyes darkened, his jaw set. “Has he ever shown his face in town again?”
“That’s a good plan,” Sam told him. “I look forward to getting to know him better.”
Wait.
His father nodded, then caught Dean’s gaze. There was a hunger in his green eyes and Cas realized what Sam had meant when he couldn’t characterize Dean’s mood. He wasn’t angry at all. Then, he thought of the text Dean had sent.
The octave drop sent a shiver up Cas’ spine. “Do you have what we talked about?”
“It’s going to take a lot more than that to make me head for the hills. I like to think my anxiety freak outs when it comes to you are behind me.” The corner of Dean’s mouth quirked. “Your relationship was beautiful. It says so much that she loved and trusted you enough to care for Jack in her place. I’m glad that abusive asshole never showed up here. I know it’s none of my business, but does Jack know?”
“So could I actually.” Sam thought about their previous meal. “Last thing we ate was a convenience store turkey wrap for me and a hot dog for him with a bag of chips and drink each. That was what, around twelve-thirty?”
Castiel was the first to realize this when he ran into a familiar face as he came around the right side of the perimeter. Far from friendly, this angel had said only
“Oh, thank God,” Cas said, relieved when he and Jack reached them. “I thought we wouldn’t find anyone we know. Is it me or does this bring in a bigger crowd every year?”
“I can stay over? I just assumed with you having to get up early it would be a no go, which I totally get.”
“Funny how those lights disappeared after that,” Dean pointed out.
Dean barked out a large laugh upon hearing his friend’s deadpan response. Damn, if Cas wasn’t the cutest thing he had ever seen. Like that, his nerves were gone. He couldn’t wait to get to the house to find out how the rest of their evening would unfold.
Just as Cas was about to press a kiss into his boyfriend’s temple, Dean turned and kissed him properly.
That had been the turning point in salvaging John’s estimation of Cas — not to mention Christmas. He had admitted he had misjudged Cas based on no proof and he was embarrassed that Cas’ first impression of him was so wretched. The mood turned warmer as grudges were forgiven, though not forgotten. John also formally apologized to Sam and Jess for his behavior toward her and their relationship, promising to support whatever they decided regarding their future going forward. It wouldn’t be easy for him to keep his nose out of his sons’ affairs, but he would try for the sake of his family.
“One night, we walked all over the city just talking and living in the moment. It was very
“Enough!” This time, Mary’s voice cut through the tension like a hot knife through butter. It was definitive in its authority. Both men stepped back.
A long silence had fallen over the brothers as Dean contemplated what Sam had said. It was a lot to think about and he had considered that maybe he should broach the subject with Cas as it affected him, too. Then, Dean thought of something else.
Once again, Dean stopped. This time, Cas kept walking, slowing his pace so not to leave his friend too far behind. When Dean realized Cas was kidding, he barked a sarcastic laugh that split the other man’s face in half.
“It’s been awhile. Like a long while,” Cas retorted sarcastically as he returned. “Thank God for Amazon.”
to see me again after Minneapolis?” Dean couldn’t hide the wariness in his voice. He was just a random guy in a band his son happened to like.
“I didn’t expect to see anyone at this hour.” He addressed his guest cordially, doing a decent job keeping the emotion out of his voice. “How can I help you?”
“Only if you promise me the same.” Cas placed his hand over Dean’s heart.
He leaned over to Dean, their hands still intertwined, and whispered, “I’m so sorry, love. I do need to take this. I know we want the same thing. We will make it work, I promise. Whatever it takes.”
She supported his music no matter what. That hadn’t wavered even after they split. However, being the girlfriend of an absentee boyfriend was no fun. Lisa came on tour when she could, but she had a job that she loved and only so much time off at her disposal. The long absences began to corrode their relationship. As soon as they had been in the same town again, Lisa told Dean they needed to talk.
