Tony blinked at him, feeling Steve’s hand move to cup his cheek. He was shaking his head minutely, looking back and forth between him and the laptop. “You made a website,” he said, something disbelieving in his tone, “We fought, and you made some mistakes, and then you decided to create a whole fucking
Steve paused, considering it. Then he frowned. “Who’s been telling you you look good in rabbit ears?” He asked somewhat sulkily, dragging his eyes toward the space above Tony’s head, presumably to visualise the image. “Also, I sure as hell wouldn’t mind, but you might look a bit out of place with the rest of us in normal clothes.”
, his hand wrapping around Steve’s bicep worriedly, “fuck, Steve, you look like you’ve been through the wringer. What the hell is going on? Wait, hold on, don’t answer that now. Come in. I’ve got you.” Without hesitation, Tony tugged him backward, guiding Steve into his house. He was biting his lip- a clear sign of anxiety, along with tapping his feet and flexing his hands. Not that that was relevant right now. This was a mission.
Steve didn’t turn down his gaze. He’d never been the first one to back down, ever- probably the cause of 80% of all fights he’d been in, if he was honest.
That only made Steve laugh harder, and he tilted his head backward, patting Tony’s cheek. “Sex later, sleep first,” he said firmly as he shut his eyes and then settled down in Tony’s arms.
He came to the conclusion that Tony would be better off not knowing what Steve now knew. It’d save them an argument, for one thing. And it’d save Steve having to refuse to promise Tony not to do that again, if the situation ever occurred.
“If I don’t get up and go to work we’re going to lose all our money and live in a box,” he declared, turning his head into Steve’s hair and nodding solemnly, “Do you want to live in a box, Steve?”
Steve pursed his lips, trying to tamp down the need to immediately start denying it. What was the point any more? There really wasn’t another way to have construed that- he’d just acted like a jealous asshole in front of everyone, and there was no way around it. “Well- Good,” he said shortly, before adding “not that- I mean, he can do whatever he wants. Date whoever he… I mean, obviously. I’m not… I was just-“
He wanted to put his hand in Tony’s hair, so he quickly leaned forward a little in order to stub out the second cigarette against the brick and then did exactly that; feeling the softness under his fingers and barely resisting the urge to just laugh with happiness. He couldn’t believe it was actually happening- couldn’t believe he was actually getting this. “Sorry for wasting another cigarette,” he murmured, framing Tony’s face between his hands.
Steve seemed to know what he was thinking, because he frowned deeply and leaned forward, taking Tony’s hand. His mouth opened to speak, but they were interrupted by the re-entering of Bruce, this time carrying Peter with a look of immense distaste on his face. He didn’t say a word- simply plopped Peter down into Tony’s lap and then stepped away. “There,” he said, “now you touched him last.”
“That doesn’t excuse what he did- if what you’re saying is true, then he should have been fucking falling at Tony’s feet for picking me up and helping me out,” Steve argued snappily, clenching his jaw and throwing out a hand.
“i thought it was real. I did, and I…” Steve stumbled over the words, quiet and frantic and pleading, apparently finally realising his mistake.
Yeah, Tony was on the same page. He clenched his jaw and then fired a warning blast at the approaching threat; not enough to hurt, but enough to make him spend a few seconds recovering. Tony shot Steve a sympathetic glance, but the man just returned it with a snarl and then leaped forward once more, fearless, devastating. Tony had to act fast—any longer, and Steve could get in a hit that might actually end up affecting him. That was the last thing either of them needed. “Baby, I’m sorry about this. You’ll be fine, I just—
The next bullet Natasha fired off was promptly absorbed, turning into nothing more than potential energy. Silence fell.
At that moment, Clint turned around and clocked that Bruce was back in the room, promptly ending their conversation as he rushed over to plonk Peter into Bruce’s surprised arms. The man blinked, then sighed. “Clint—”
fucking fault you’re in this mess in the first place. I think beating the crap out of Ty is the least I could do for you, considering I’ve just ruined your entire life—”
Tony made a frustrated noise in the back of his throat, struggling to find the words. “I don’t want you to ever think you’re just another cheap fuck, alright? You’re… you’re so much more than that. And I know- I know what people say about me, okay, I know my reputation. But… I figured if I just waited a bit, then maybe you’d- I don’t know, maybe you’d not think of me like-“
you to do this, Natasha. I can’t go out there in front of the cameras, okay—that alone would be enough evidence to lock me up for the rest of my life. But if you just cut them, then I get some more time—”
get mugged, all I hear is that Steve went out and suddenly found himself at your house, with you refusing to let us see him. Then you swan back in here and he’s wearing your jacket, and don’t think I fucking know what people like you do to people like him, Stark, I’m not fucking blind-“
Steve turned, raising his eyebrow as he was met with a group of kids in Tony’s year- his friends, obviously. He noticed Ty at the front, and then a handful of girls- Sunset or whatever the hell she called herself, behind him. Then there was the guy Tony had referred to as Hammer a few days ago in passing, and some buddy of his stood at his side.
Maybe he just didn't like them. Which was fine. Tony didn't either- not really. They were too loud. Too needy. Tony liked to have intellectual conversations with his peers, not feed them mushed up banana bits. Kids were all gross and messy. Steve clearly didn't want anything to do with them either, and it seemed the very thought of him and Tony being parental figures was completely absurd to him too. Which was fine by Tony. Families would probably be a disaster, if he was involved, let's be honest.
“I have never communicated with other humans except for Howard Stark- so yes, amicability toward those who are not Sir is… new protocol,” JARVIS replied evenly, whilst Steve just frowned and crossed his legs on the desk. He wondered for the millionth time about the man who raised Tony- wondered how much he’d end up hating him on sight. Some people hid their nastiness well; with smooth talk and polite facades, but others didn’t even bother hiding it. He wondered what sort of asshole Howard would be.
“You’ve got big hands,” Tony shrugged nonchalantly and looked back out of the open window, letting the hot breeze rush across his cheeks. “I’m sure you can handle it.”
So he’d probably been a little apprehensive about asking, or making any moves. He was being careful about the planning. He was going to make it damn phenomenal, thank you very much. It was just about timing—
Tony very much did not want to think about that, however, so he shoved it into the dark corners of his mind and then focused on simply batting away the nurses and demanding that they let him go. Apart from the elevated heart-rate, he was physically fine, and so after a few minutes they rescinded, and he was out like a shot, hurrying over to Steve’s room with anxious, flighty eyes. He looked for doctors hurrying, looked for worried glances his way. Those were usually the signs that there was something wrong.
There was a distant clanging noise, and he fell to the floor with a thud. They’d released his chains. This was it. This was his chance. He could fight it, if he fought it now then he could get out, there were no restraints, he could… he could make it…
Steve had just nodded, unable to do much else as Tony had limped his way back out of the room, not looking at Steve as he’d gone and then leaving him to the quiet of their empty room. Considering the way his evenings had usually gone in the weeks before this, it wasn’t a particularly welcome change.
“STAY AWAY!” Was the last thing Steve heard Tony say, before one more, final shockwave blew through the air.
Another silence. Tony saw Peter glance down at the LMD on the ground and then begin to sniffle in distress. “Must be a hell of a lot to take in, huh?” Tony whispered to him, turning them away from the body on the floor swiftly. He hoisted Peter up, ignoring how it spiked painfully against his ribs. The LMD had probably turned his skin an unhealthy shade of blue under his shirt, but he’d live.
Steve’s heart was in his throat and he could feel himself shaking, a hotness around his eyelashes that always seemed so close to the surface these days, but he held onto Tony’s hand and didn’t let go, anchored himself to what was here, now, right in front of him.
“Of course. There is no one else in this house who could possibly have taught me the conversational values of sarcasm,” JARVIS said, of course, sarcastically. Tony laughed. Definitely his creation, that was for sure.
It felt so wrong. Yesterday everything had been—well, not fine, but manageable—and now Tony had nothing. Not even Thor’s place was permanent, and Steve would offer, but there were no spare rooms in Sam’s place, and he wasn’t sure whether the Wilson’s would even be able to afford another mouth to feed. He knew things were already tight for them.
He thought of Tony’s morning smile. His frustrated frowns. He thought of how Tony always greeted him with a kiss on the cheek when he slipped by him in the kitchens. The way his voice drawled in a New York accent, or how it went softer if he spoke French, Italian. He thought of their first anniversary when they’d been trapped in a cave and wondering if they’d ever get out, and Tony had drawn a love-heart in the dust and told him sadly about his plans for the night, now ruined by their impending doom. He thought about the way Tony could shout at him so hard it felt like glass might shatter, and how he touched Steve like he was the most reverent thing in the world, and, strangely, he thought about the weird mole on his shoulder that Steve always checked up on every few months to make sure nothing funny was going on with it, because you could never do any harm in monitoring those sorts of things.
Steve turned to Bruce in surprise, and the boy just gave him a tired shrug. “We’ve all got shit,” he said blankly, before looking away again. Steve didn’t know why the comment had thrown him so much—maybe he’d just never really figured Bruce to be the type who needed a social worker. He’d always seemed so… put together. Then again. What did Steve know? Like Bruce had just said—everyone had shit.
He turned back to the TV and swallowed back the desire that had gathered in the centre of his chest. He didn’t know what to do with it- didn’t know where to even start. This was terrifyingly new territory.
“It’d be selfish if I wasn’t as invested as you were,” Steve told him firmly, “it’d be selfish if you were making me stay, making me help you for your own gain. You’re not. I’m choosing this. I’m choosing to love you, to be with you, flaws and all.” He smiled wryly, knocking their shoulders together, “and hey- it’s not as if I’m without my fair share of issues, right? I’m sure the time will come when I fuck something up big-time, and you’re gonna have to be around to pick up the pieces. Just ask Bucky. He’s got a hell of a lotta stories to tell you.”
Tony stifled a laugh behind his hand at that. Clint threw a pen at him. Steve caught it immediately, before it could land anywhere about Tony’s person, just as everyone had known he would.
Steve traced absent-minded patterns against Tony’s bare arm as they let the time slip by them once more. He really loved the colors that made up Tony- the warm hues of his skin and the sharp intensity of his eyes. He would be a beautiful subject to draw. No way Steve would be able to do him justice, but… he might try. Someday.
“Nope,” he warned himself, pushing the thought out as he turned his back and slipped back through the doors. “Don’t even fucking go there, Steve.”
Tony bit his lip, but nodded at him all the same, cupping his hand against Steve’s jaw. It felt like any moment now, he was going to wake up and it’d all be over. He’d be alone again, just waiting for the team to snap and realise that he just wasn’t worth their time.
When Steve chose to remain silent, Natasha sighed again. Steve felt her curls brush his cheek as she shook her head. “Do you remember a few days ago, when you stopped by Stark Tower to get your shield back from Tony? And he was getting ready to go to a charity gala, right? That was the first time you’d seen him in a proper suit, all done up and stuff, wasn’t it?”
He pushed down at the sudden bubble of fury that rose up under his sternum. Not now, he told himself. “So,” he began as he bit down on his own toast, “I take it you’re going to be staying here and resting for the day, right?”
“That why Tasha’s collecting every vaguely sharp item she can find in this place?” Tony nodded his head over to the steadily growing pile, where Natasha was now sat carving what had once been the arm of a rocking chair into a pointed spear.
Steve leaned across, kissing his cheek lightly. Then Rhodey did the same on his other cheek. Then Thor kissed him on the mouth, in his usual Thor way. No one was particularly surprised.
Steve just looked at him, jaw tightening as he ran a hand through his hair and sighed. He turned his gaze down at Peter, cocking his head analytically. When Peter looked straight back at him, Steve’s gaze softened a little. His hand twitched, like he wanted to reach out again. But he didn’t. “Something feels off here,” he admitted quietly, eyes going back to Tony, “don’t you feel it too? These sorts of kids are rare. And X-genes usually don’t show until puberty. I’ve never heard of one this young- not unless it’s scientifically induced.
He jerked upward, staring at Tony through blurry eyes before something harsh caught in his throat and he choked, hands extending of their own accord. Tony was crouched on his haunches by the bed next to Steve, but he still managed to catch Steve as he fell straight off the edge and into his embrace, arms wrapping tight to whichever limb he could hold onto and head burying itself into the warmth of Tony’s pulse point in his neck. “I’m sorry,” he whispered hysterically, taking in a small breath just to breathe Tony’s scent in and get the aroma of death and fear out of his nose, “I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m sorry, I’m-“
Scrambling out of the bathroom, he went to grab a sweater and yanked it on, rushing outside with the rest of the team, all of them feeling the vibrations become stronger and stronger under their feet. As soon as he was out the door he was craning he neck, looking upward,
He said none of it. Instead, he just sat down slowly at Tony’s free side, sliding his hand onto Tony’s knee. Because everything else in the world could fucking wait—right now, Tony just needed someone to be there.
He wasn’t aware of how much time had passed between them getting ambushed, getting to the cabin and then getting around to actually searing his wound shut, but it didn’t feel like long at all. He wasn’t sure whether he could even handle two hard hits like this in quick concession. His heart was already on the weaker side, after all. And everything was blurring at the edges, like there was static in his vision.
He was going to be sick, he was going to be sick, he was going -- he just had to find Tony. He had to know the damage he’d done.
Bucky called him a creep when he spotted Steve looking, but Steve just flipped him off and called him a voyeur, which seemed to do the trick, because Bucky made a face and then turned away again, muttering under his breath and pulling out his phone to undoubtedly bitch about it to Natasha.
Tony shook his head in amusement as he stared out across the New York skyline and watched the sun set slowly across it. They were both relaxing, feet dangling over the edge of the horizontal line that made the
Steve said nothing. It was beginning to rain, and he felt a splash against his nose as he ducked back into Thor’s apartment complex. “Did he manage to get anything before he left?” Steve asked, beginning to climb the stairs and making sure not to knock JARVIS—or JARVIS’ shell, anyway—against the walls.
Tony leaned against the lockers, shrugging. “I was coming back from detention and saw them beating on you. Thought I’d step in.”
“Bout three hours,” Natasha told them, her expression fond as she took them all in, “everyone else got bored of Peppa Pig, but Steve was sat on the remote and JARVIS had been ordered not to change the channel.”
Steve checked his watch, fighting back the shivers as the droplets of ice water seeped through onto his skin. He still had another 35 minutes until the bus came, and he was fucking freezing.
“Aren’t you tired, little man?” Tony wandered over to the coffee machine as he talked, slipping by Natasha, who just smiled and ruffled both Tony and Peter’s hair. “It’s way past your bedtime. You’re sleeping with Thor tonight, by the way. I refuse to deal with you when you realise how valuable a good night’s rest is and start to scream about it to anyone who will listen.” He turned and glanced at Steve from across the room as he stood on the couch and tried to bat Thor’s hands away with his feet. “Plus, me and Steve need a little alone time. You’ve totally ruined our sex life since you arrived, you know.”
Steve sighed, the succession of beats speeding up just a fraction as the man pulled himself further out of the doze that he’d been in. He turned into Tony and nestled his head into the mess of curls under his chin, and then rested his own hand lightly down against his chest, just over Tony’s. 643 and counting. “It’ll still be there when you wake up,” he murmured.
He looked in confusion between the two men as they shared a silent conversation between themselves. Eventually, Tony just rolled his eyes and stepped forward, reaching out for Steve’s hand and curling his fingers around the bigger man’s palm. “Just give us a minute, Bucky.”
His one eye widened dangerously. “Unless you want a suspension too Miss Romanov, I strongly suggest you leave.”
Steve shrugged bashfully, taking Peter’s arm and then rubbing it down softly. “Guess not,” he murmured, “I think you’re still his favourite though.”
“You should sleep,” Steve said quietly, fingers gently sweeping Tony’s hair out of his face, “you’ve had a tough night.”
He spent most of it thinking about how everyone was getting on at home; whether the tests had been done and if Steve had actually entered the same room as Peter since Tony had left. He had to admit, he couldn't work out quite what Steve's issue was. Steve had never been that uncomfortable around babies before this. Although, that being said- when had Tony ever seen Steve handling a baby before? Tony knew he himself did it often. Thor loved to take pictures with them. Hell, even Natasha had been thrust one before, and although slightly stiff and awkward, she'd done okay with them.
Well. He was, apparently, dealing with it by considering alcohol again. If he’d admitted to Steve that he wanted a drink, it must have been intense enough that he needed someone to know and therefore keep an eye on him. And that… that was not a good sign.
“Please,” Steve said, balling his hands into fists as he felt them begin to shake, “please, I have to… I’ll hear it one way or another, if and when this goes to court. I’d rather get it out now.”
But he didn’t have time to dwell on it. For now, he just had to stop them from getting their hands on any of the tech that was currently locked up in the storage facility down underground. That would be a nightmare.
“We’re not buddies,” Steve said viciously, raising his fists and then wiping his bloody nose with his sleeve. In front of him, Tony just looked vaguely amused. “If you want to try it as well, go the fuck ahead,” Steve growled, “I’ll fight all three of ya, I don’t care-”
The ten dollars had miraculously found its way back into Steve’s pocket when he shoved his hand in there a few hours later.
He felt the small vibrations as Steve chuckled, and briefly debated thwacking him for getting JARVIS to open the curtains at such an ungodly hour. Of course, the notion was quickly disregarded- that required far too much effort, and also Steve was curling his arms around Tony shoulder to pull him in closer, so it was kinda difficult for him to stay too mad.
He wasn’t sure what time it was. Early morning, maybe. Beside him, Tony was fast asleep, snoring gently at his side as his arms extended out in front of him, reaching for something invisible. The light from his reactor shone a delicate blue into the room.
“What a shame,” Tony leaned in again, their noses brushing, and Steve could see the smile-lines around his eyes, “I’m gonna have to wake up with you every single day for the rest of my life. Can’t believe I’m so unlucky.”
Fury stepped into his office at 8 in the morning, as he did on any other day, and then sat in his chair, as he did on any other day. His coffee was tepid, but he drank it anyway. It’d been a long, frustrating night in SHIELD, and now he was mentally preparing for more of the same. The WSC were on his ass about creating a faster response team to deal with the things that the other branches of public protection couldn’t deal with, but then kept rejecting his proposals for said response teams at every turn. Not to mention the fact that they were still hounding him over the Rogers case, holding it over him like some sort of damned noose. He figured they wouldn’t stop that any time soon. A security breach of that proportion
Although there really wasn’t much point now. He’d crossed the line of no return weeks ago. No going back anymore.
He waved her off and then turned to Jane, the last one left. She shot him a nervous smile and he did the same- they hadn’t actually… well, they hadn’t actually spoken before this, and so neither of them really knew where to step.
“It’s a transmitter,” Tony spoke up loudly into the room, and Steve jumped. He hadn’t known that Tony had even heard him come in. “For transmitting and storing really really big bits of data and information. We’re talking, theoretically speaking, the entire internet- you know, in case of an alien invasion in which they manage to cut off that sort of thing to prevent communication. Hopefully, if I can work out some of the kinks, it’ll also be able to effectively transmit messages through space at rapid speed. Figure it might come in useful if we have to start taking some of our fights up out of the atmosphere, you know?”
He furrowed his brow and looked back downward, pen millimeters away from touching paper before he was interrupted by Sam’s very loud “STEVE, GET IN HERE!”
Steve tried to imagine. He tried to imagine what it would be like to watch the documentary of his own mom’s gradual decline in health; watch her waste away on camera with a narrator explaining every detail, until the event of her actual death, where he’d have to watch them declare her deceased on the bed of the hospital-
. He was efficient, he tended to incapacitate as opposed to kill, and when he did he made it fast and clean. Not
Steve nodded and thanked him before getting out of the car and making his way into school. Everyone was already in class—second period would be English, which was easy enough to get through without using much brain power. His friends would be in that class too, which was going to be interesting. Sam would probably have informed the others by that point, and so he figured he’d be getting grilled by them for most of the day. Over time, they’d come to care for Tony as one of their own, and so it wasn’t just a matter concerning Steve any more. It impacted all of them.
When Steve had been small, he remembered going to watch a pianist perform with his ma. He remembered how awed he’d felt then, when he’d seen the way the man’s fingers had moved like liquid across each key, how he’d drifted into the music and become one with it. He’d thought that there couldn’t possibly be anyone better than that man as he’d come out of the theatre that day. But now even that memory, although layered with the childhood magic that surrounded those sorts of things, just seemed to pale in comparison to hearing Tony play. He could quite literally listen his lover run his fingers expertly across the keys for the rest of his life, and would do so very happily.
Steve looked at them both. “Right,” he said slowly, wondering what happened now. Bucky; seemingly catching the same strain of thought as Steve, patted Tony on the shoulder and then shoved him forward a little so that he was stood in front of Steve.
It took them a good minute until they managed to persuade Peter to unstick himself from Steve’s arm using a shiny object and one of Tony’s most winning smiles. Once that had been achieved, they placed him safely back on the ground and stared at him, while Peter simply munched happily on his own hand and garbled a few more incomprehensible noises at them. Steve shuffled a few more paces back, as if afraid the small child may latch on again.
Saying the words felt like chewing on ash, and he swallowed against it, trying to keep it down. Wherever he looked, though, he didn’t think he’d ever stop seeing her pale face in those last few weeks. The translucence of her skin. The greyness to her eyes. He saw it in everything he looked at- it’s why he no longer found himself able to paint like he’d used to. The colors of her death were everywhere he turned.
“Not right now,” Steve said swiftly, taking Tony’s face in his hand and looking down at him seriously, “you’re upset. Which is what I’d expect after seeing something like that. But you need to give yourself a little bit of time before you try and look at that stuff again, and I don’t want you doing it alone. Let’s just… eat dinner first, put Peter to bed, and then decide what we’re gonna do with all the files and stuff, okay?” He swallowed and blinked a few times, looking down at Peter and shucking him gently on the chin, making the boy’s face crinkle up. Steve smiled. “Look at him, Tony. He’s okay now. He’s safe. Happy. Just focus on that, sweetheart.”
you to do this for me.” He looked imploringly at Natasha and Rhodey, biting his lip. He had to get them to understand. “If you two were in my place, would you want me to stay?”
“I’ll drink to that,” Tony laughed, and Steve figured when they left each other’s company, Tony probably would.
Steve just preened warmly and then proceeded to look apologetic all the way through the ride home as Tony attempted to explain to Pepper why he’d seemingly just decided to bolt out of the meeting room with not so much as a goodbye and leave her to make his excuses for him. By the time they’d gotten to the tower, it seemed that he’d managed to placate her with promises of paperwork being filled out in record time and lots of rescheduled meetings, and Steve kept his face appropriately bashful as Tony ended the call and glared at him. “You hear that?” He said, “that’s work that I have to do now. Because of you. Asshole.”
He nodded at her, and felt at least one worry ease off his shoulders a little. He could check that one off his list, thank God. “Thank you,” he murmured gratefully.
As Steve watched him and Thor laughing together, he felt his heart twist in all different kinds of ways. The image of Tony’s face, staring at him with such… with
“And that would mean leaving you here, which again, is not going to happen,” Natasha answered, this time with some steel in her voice. “Tony, at least if we’re here, you have a fighting chance when the next wave of attacks come. Telling us to leave you is like telling us to just walk away and let you die.”
“There is a jet on the roof of the mansion,” JARVIS said eventually, and Steve sighed with relief, “I shall direct you to it now, if you will follow me.”
have to deal or affiliate with. He deserved better than that. Jesus Christ, not even a few weeks ago Tony had nearly gotten Steve killed with the whole lab-accident thing, and if that wasn’t an indicator as to everything Steve had to put up with in this relationship, then Tony didn’t know what the hell was.
“Ah right, I- yeah, no, sorry, go ahead,” Tony stumbled quickly, pushing his hand back into Steve’s and then taking another breath. He started up his conversation with Sam again; letting Steve gently work through the injuries in the same way Tony had done for him the first time around. When he got to Tony’s face, he had to shuffle around a bit; getting up on his haunches in order to clean up the stray patches of blood and fix band-aids over the cuts. Unlike Tony, his first aid kit did not come with ice packs, and the two he’d managed to rig up were currently resting over Tony’s knuckles with strict instructions not to move them when he was talking, so Steve couldn’t do much about the deeper bruises. He decided staring at them in disapproval would have to be enough for the moment.
“How did they find out?” Thor moved over to Tony in concern as Clint nodded and fluidly slipped out of the living room, making his way up the stairs. Everyone was on their feet by that point, heads turned to the direction of the elevator as they waited for it to open. There was a feeling of
“Are you saying you could sleep at night, knowing that you could help turn this around?” He asked, simple and quiet. “Because I don’t think you could, Tony. I don’t think you could.”
“Tony Stark, you would be the best father I could possibly think of, so you hush your mouth,” Steve told him firmly, effectively managing to bamboozle Tony into temporary silence. Steve couldn’t actually think that, right? Look at him, he was a disaster. His rather sordid past was (very close) behind him, but that didn’t mean that he’d actually learned any valuable skills in how to be a good dad. It wasn’t exactly like he’d had a spiffing role model himself either, and the very last thing he’d ever want to do to a child was put him through the same thing that Tony had gone through with Howard. The thought alone made him want to be sick.
“Please don’t tell anyone,” Tony shook his head a little frantically, “please- I don’t want people to know. It’s not a big deal.”
“Tony makes me happier than I have been since my Mom died,” Steve said quietly, suddenly feeling a hot sting against his eyes as he looked at Mr. Wilson pleadingly. “He’s the best thing that could have possibly happened to me and the most amazing person I know.”
Tony said nothing again, and Steve wondered whether he was going to argue further- but then, instead, he coughed. “It will go right,” he muttered emptily, “I promise. Don’t worry about it.”
She leaned down, whispering in his ear. “Because when people are exposed to it, they feel like the nightmares won’t ever stop.”
And of course, sat in the middle of all it- his legs crossed and head bowed down to some strange looking device perched in the middle of the floor, was Tony.
Bucky’s arm suddenly wound around his neck and pulled him in, plucking him out of the air mid-jump in order to give him a tight hug. “That took you a horrifically long time,” he groused with a shake of his head, smile warm and pleased.
She paused, and Steve heard he run a hand through her hair. “You lost your mother, Steve, and that is heartbreaking- but Bucky lost her too. And although it wasn’t nearly the same sort of grief you felt, it still hurt him a hell of a lot more than he ever let on to you.”
“Oh for fuck’s sake, Steve, can you do something other than say sorry when we’re fighting?” Tony hissed at him, walking forward on his crutch and glaring, furious about more than just the fact Steve had done what he did that day- but about everything. About how Steve just let Tony fucking walk all over him, how he avoided Tony’s space whenever he could, how he felt like he couldn’t even come into Tony’s workshop to say goodbye any more. “Shout, scream back, do
However, they performed the routine with brutal efficiency and, in Tony’s opinion, some quite spectacular panache. Although that may have just been him experimenting with some flips along the way, and a bit of showy lightning from Thor. The rest of the team just boringly got on with it, and no matter how many times he asked Steve to rip his uniform off in masculine triumph at the end of a successful exercise, the man never did. A shame, really.
It was seven minutes after that unanswered prayer when Steve saw the first pinpricks of a fire, burning on through the trees. Remnants of an explosion, probably. And then there were some very faint shouts, before a lone bullet went off. Steve bit down on his tongue and held himself back from calling his teammates’ names in desperation.
The voice cut off, and left deafening silence in Steve’s ear. He kept the phone pressed to his face; frozen to the spot.
“Please don’t say things like that, Tony,” Steve cut in quietly, pursing his lips tight and trying to keep himself steady, “please don’t- don’t ever try and push me away because you think I deserve better or something, okay? I don’t
They both laughed; Tony rubbing at the back of his neck and then biting his lip like he was debating something. Steve watched him for a moment, before it seemed the boy finally found his tongue and said “hey, so how would you feel about me monopolizing your company for a little bit? Just- I want to show you something, and everyone seems… otherwise engaged right now, so I thought-“
“You know,” Steve said as he popped the spoon into his mouth and sucked off the last vestiges of ice cream, “most people would find it offputting to have someone watch them while they eat.”
“Hello,” he whispered, getting comfortable on the seat next to Steve and then leaning back, chair tilting precariously as he hitched his feet onto the table, “how are you?”
Tony felt his heart break into ten separate, jagged pieces as Steve’s face crumbled right after he trailed off, shaking hands coming up to his eyes and hiding them as tears spilled down his cheeks. He groaned, long and slow and painful as he whispered “I’m
“Ant-Man’s alive,” she said, ever-blunt and to the point, and Steve stilled, his eyes widening at the statement, “he’s alive, and he says time-travel is real, and we need you and Tony at the compound right now.”
Steve just huffed and hid a smile behind his hand as he pulled Tony into the elevator with him, feeling the all-too-familiar sensation of butterflies in his stomach as Tony smiled up at him.
Natasha beamed and stood up to undoubtedly go sit on his lap and start a(nother) unnecessary makeout session, but Steve quickly raised a hand and stood up firmly. “Na ah ah ah ah, you stay there, Romanov! If I have to see you sucking my best friend’s tongue one more time I will jump out of the window, I swear to Christ!”
Steve felt his face flush, and he rolled his eyes. Bucky had always been protective, but it seemed since his mom had passed away he’d decided to take on the role instead, fussing over him like he was a kid. “Yes, Bucky- if you hadn’t noticed, I do actually have this thing they like to call ‘freedom of will’-“
“I wish I could take it all back,” was all that managed to come out, knowing that wasn’t enough, but wanting to try all the same, “I wish I had… God, I wish I’d never fucking let you go. You were the best thing to ever happen to me. And I promise, I’ll tell you everything you need to know, okay. I can’t change what I did, but I can choose what I do now, at least. I wasn’t very high-up in SHIELD, but I’ll give you anything that can be useful. Then I’ll get out of your hair.”
“Trouble just tends to search me out,” Steve finished with a sigh, watching Tony Stark wander around the corner and out of sight.
Tony pulled away before Steve could retaliate, smiling dopily down at Steve like they’d just done way more than share a kiss. But his face sobered a little when he took Steve’s hand on the bed and squeezed, swallowing down a lump in his throat.
Or maybe they wouldn’t have to. Because with a choking sound and a jerk, Steve’s body finally moved of its own accord, chest heaving as he
Steve yelped and Tony stepped back, eyes instantly wary. “I didn’t come for a fight, Barnes,” he began, but Bucky just waved him off, immune to both Steve and Sam’s calls as he marched forward.
Steve wasn’t strong. He wasn’t tall, or particularly physically fit. But something had come over him in that moment, and he knew he wasn’t going to stop until someone made him. “You BASTARD!” He snarled, grabbing Stone’s stunned face and then sending it into the door frame next to them. “You EVIL, TWISTED PIECE OF
you,” Tony spat, pointing a finger at him as he felt his traitorous eyes well with tears, “you don’t... Steve, you’re a totally different person, and I don’t-
Steve placed one hand behind Tony’s neck, kissing him back on their boat, on the lake, with a world at peace after five years of pain. He heard Tony’s heartbeat, and then a second later he picked up Maria’s too, her little body already squirming to move once more, back toward the edge of the boat where could paddle.
Steve looked at him, then visibly composed himself. “Are there any more targets?” He said, voice clipped as he knelt down beside Tony and then settled a hand against the pulse on his neck. It was thready and week, and his skin gray, clammy. He was not in a good state.
“The truth,” Bucky told him, tapping the first-aid kit against Steve’s bent head and then letting it fall into Steve’s hands, “that I was wrong. That you liked him and were super angry at me when I dicked around last week.”
Steve looked up at Tony. “We have a few minutes,” he said shortly, “all exits are sealed off now, so we’re going to need to take an alternative route.”
“Were you with someone?” Peggy asked seriously, folding her arms and then shooting him an unimpressed look when he groaned at her, “you’ve never had more than a few sips before in your life Steve- excuse us for being concerned. Did you have someone with you?”
Steve jumped and looked up, spotting Tony peering at him from the cracked-open blinds. He hadn’t gotten any less thin, but his complexion seemed slightly healthier. That was good. “Uh,” he stammered, trying to think of something to respond with, “I know you know. I was just—”
Pops looked over to him curiously, and Pops and Dad seemed to share a silent conversation between them that Peter couldn’t catch, before Dad finally sighed fondly and stepped forward, dropping down next to both of them. He put an arm around Peter’s shoulders and pulled him in, giving him a quick kiss on the temple before releasing and then turning to his Pops.
They laughed nervously at each other as Steve took Tony’s hand in his own again and then started pulling them out into the enormous corridor. He hoped he remembered where the fuck Tony’s room was after all this, honestly.
“Okay,” Tony said eventually, breaking away and looking down at him with a small smile. His hands framed Steve’s face as he tapped the door shut with his foot and then kissed him once, twice, three times. “Tell me what you want, Steve. Anything at all.”
He was right: Tony lasted two. “You know you’re a menace, right?” Tony asked her as he plucked her up and then placed her into his lap, shaking his head at her despairingly, “I should throw you in a dumpster.”
“But anyway- whatever reason it was, I told myself I wasn’t going to be the same person I had been before Mom and Jarvis had died. There wasn’t any point: they were the only ones who had given a shit about that kid, so he might as well have just died right alongside them. And then… everything just got steadily worse, I suppose. Ty got back in touch with me- we’d been friends as kids- and he was nice enough, seemed to like me, and… yeah. He got me into that scene, and I thought it was fun. Nice not to feel things beyond the surface, you know? I’d been sick of feeling things. Sick of being told what a disgrace I was by my father. God, I was just sick of my own head, and how it never shut up, not for a
Tony kissed him, just as he was asked. Soft and tender and nervous and grateful, all at once. His nose fit just right against Steve’s, soft enough that it didn’t hurt the bruising. His hair brushed across Steve’s forehead in ticklish wisps.
He reached his stop barely a minute later and thanked the driver quickly before stepping off and shivering from the sudden gust of cold. His clothes were still a little damp, and the rain had started up all over again by that point. Luckily, his warm home loomed right up in front of him, and the sight of Tony’s flashy car parked up outside made him smile in relief.
“Mute,” Tony said hurriedly, looking up before his computer could say anything else, “it’s… uh, he’s still in the early stages. Kinda buggy. You know. If you’re going to talk about
Tony said nothing for a second, and then he took in another breath. “I’m sorry too,” he said, turning his voice gentler, “I didn’t mean to snap. I’m just… look, I’m really sorry, but I’ve gotta go. I’m kind of working on a tight schedule here. When I’m finished, I promise I’ll go over to Thor’s. That sound okay?”
Steve is stood there, a little awkwardly, arm simply outstretched and holding Tony’s entire body weight like it’s
Her head tilted, mulling over the words. But she didn’t back out. Instead, she just undid her seatbelt and stretched, catlike, in her seat. “Good enough for me. Let’s go commit some crimes.”
“And I’m blond, so what? It’s the principal,” and with that, Steve snatched at the bill and took out his wallet quickly, shooting Tony wary looks as he did so, lest he attempt to take the bill from him in a surprise attack.
. You lost that ring and I tried to imagine someone doing that to me and I couldn’t- so I helped you. It was the least I could do.”
Steve couldn’t let him go home. This was it now. He had to make a choice, and he couldn’t let his heart rule over his head. That would lead to disaster on a global scale.
As soon as he got home, he marched into his workshop and yanked open the store room in the corner of the room that contained all his suits, all his half-finished gauntlet designs, and all the schematics that Tony had been sketching out before he’d been taken.
Turned out Steve was absolutely right in that analysis. “I figured it out,” Tony blurted after a second of silence. “Time travel. I figured out how to… do it. Safely. And well.”
Tony glanced briefly around him, looking at the rest of his friends as they pointedly talked amongst themselves while sat at the table. He didn’t fail to notice the glance and quick wink that Bruce sent his way though, and remembered the fact that he had been feverishly mumbling all sorts of incriminating things to the other man only a few hours ago.
It had probably been unwise. Sick, skinny, asthmatic little Steve, begging and begging to play out in the freezing cold with Bucky. He’d spent hours and hours just looking through the windows at all the huge shop displays covered in tinsel and snow. December meant Christmas, and everyone was always happier at Christmas. Even his mom, who was always usually so tired from her work, seemed to have that little extra spring in her step. Sometimes she’d come home with cookies she’d pilfered from her office, and Steve remembers vividly how he’d firmly believed that it was Santa giving his mom those cookies throughout the month. She’d always made up the most imaginative stories about it- tales of reindeer flying up to the roof of her building, doling out cookies for the workers and then running off again to recommence with the Christmas preparations. He’d always thought his mom was the best mom in the world when she’d come home and given them to him instead. Thought it was the kindest thing a person could do- especially seeing as the gifts had come from Santa himself, and she could have just kept them all to herself.
It took three seconds, but eventually he heard the doors whoosh shut behind her with a soft and almost sad-sounding click. The room fell back into silence. With a wavering breath out, Tony screwed his eyes tight shut and bit his lip, wondering when the Goddamn hell the shaking in his hands was going to stop.
“What the fuck?” Steve spun around, looking up at Bucky in horror as he stood by the door and reached for Steve’s shoulder, pulling him inside. “Bucky, what
Tony looked at him, bewildered. His heart was sinking rapidly—why couldn’t Steve just humour him, at the very least? He knew Tony enjoyed it. And Tony always made sure to at least extend a little interest over
Tony was happy to indulge him though, finding himself having almost as much as fun as Peter was. It was just… cute, watching the kid. Babies laughed at everything- it was incredibly validating, if Tony was being real. Peter was inquisitive, he was cheeky and had a definite personality already. Tony was sort of fascinated by him, and it seemed Peter was just as fascinated by all of the team, too. Over the past few days he’d developed a specific attachment to Natasha and Thor, for some reason. And Tony. Although that was probably just because Tony had a strange glowy light in his chest. Babies were like moths when it came to bright things. Loved ‘em, apparently.
“What- I...why are you here, kid?” Steve asked tiredly, feeling the beginnings of a headache start up behind his forehead.
On the other side of the room, Natasha briefly turned away from Spanish Peppa Pig and pulled a face. “I’m sure we have done this before,” she said, but Clint threw a pillow at her and told her to shut the fuck up, so she just shrugged and turned back around.
The movie had been okay- Tony could admit, he’d slept through the first half of it- but afterward, they’d decided to go out and get something to eat, which had been fine, Tony had been starving after all. But it was then when he started realising what a lot of their conversations were centred around.
The team all glanced back and forth between one another, and Tony bit his lip nervously as he once more watched Peter across the penthouse floor whilst the child cackled obliviously over a game of peek-a-boo with Clint. He had an ominous feeling sat in the bottom of his gut, and he resisted the urge to walk over and take the little boy back into his arms. That wasn’t going to make him any damn safer.
“Speaking of,” Tony said once he was done explaining proudly how Steve had taken out Doctor Doom with nothing more than a well-placed headbutt last week, “I’m due to check in with him ‘round about now, so I’ll have to excuse myself.” He pulled his phone out of his pocket with one hand and shook the man’s hand with the other, then wandered off to the side of the room next to the glass windows, leaning idly against them as he switched on his phone. Steve’s suit had had an in-built vitals monitor fitted into the centrepiece of his uniform, and as Steve had said, it gave Tony an update every two hours. If Steve wasn’t otherwise occupied, he’d send Tony a brief message as well, explaining the situation and how well it was being handled. They were good at this, by now. Reminding one another they were safe. The protocols they had in place to keep each other informed. After years of stress, it was just easier to let one another know everything that was going on. And seeing as Tony liked to check up on Steve’s heartbeat during the day anyway, this hardly even seemed unusual any more.
“Thor,” Steve began softly, but the other boy just shook his head and smiled sadly, looking down at the Earth where his muddy trainers sunk through the grass.
According to the SHIELD speaker system which gave them all a handy overview, The Villains of The Day were using some sort of sonic device among the usual machine guns as their chosen weapon, and there appeared to be about 30 of them, all dropping on to the helicarrier from a small aircraft up above.
. And it wasn’t like the final piece of them had finally fitted into place- Tony would still feel totally, utterly complete if it was just him and Steve together for the rest of their lives. But… But maybe it was just like the cherry on top. The egg-sheen on a pastry that made the whole thing shine.
Another fond little smile. “Hopefully. Catch you later, Steve.” And then she was turning away and walking down the corridor with her mousy little steps, books clutched firmly in her hands as she slipped quietly into her classroom, leaving Steve a little bit gobsmacked in his wake.
Tony stared down at it for a few seconds before smiling widely and turning up to Steve. “You had fun, then,” he said through his grin as he leaned in.
“Mmm, I’d say so, yeah, seeing as I feel the fuckin’ same,” Steve replied, moving down to Tony’s jaw so he could lay kisses along the bone, “I saw you on the very first day and nearly got run over, I was staring so hard-“
“You think very loudly, you know,” Tony declared, his tongue poking out and licking off a stray fleck of cream from the corner of his lip.
“Things were just fine,” Clint said, “stopped a bank robbery on Monday, met up with Thor’s second cousin Friedal on Wednesday and then watched him fall off the roof on Thursday morning— Natasha had a nice chat with the chick that sold the tape of Tony to Justin Hammer, that was funny—”
Somehow, though, Steve found that unlikely. He wasn’t sure there was a universe around where he could ever not love Tony Stark.
“JARVIS,” he commanded as he shut his eyes and stepped into the suit, “put me fifteen feet in the air.”
Rumlow’s voice jeered at Rogers, as the camera—or, what Fury was assuming to be Iron Man’s faceplate— came closer.
They stayed in their room for hours as Steve did his best to worship every part of Tony’s body he was capable of worshipping. In times like these, when Tony was so used to being in a state of stress or frustration or sadness, it made something deep inside Steve feel so innately pleased to be able to bring Tony out of that—to make him smile and relax. Seeing Tony fall apart over and over underneath him was something Steve was sure that he’d never tire of. Not now or in twenty goddamn years.
“Steve, look at me,” Bruce’s hand rested on his shoulder, firm and grounding, and Steve’s eyes darted to him, “Tony is fine. He’s alive. He brought you in. You
Those last words were kept to the confines of Steve’s own head, but when he dared to glance up at Tony, he thought he could see the words that were on the tip of his own tongue as well. Looked like it was something along the lines of
Steve looked down at his phone blankly, feeling the words sink in like a punch to the stomach. He’d been sat on his bed staring at his phone for almost an hour waiting for Tony to reply, worried sick about whether he’d got home okay- and although he felt the palpable sense of relief upon seeing Tony’s texts, he also wished viscerally that he’d not looked. Seeing that in words just hurt.
He watched Tony pass the mirror as they were on their way out, and then touch one of the marks on his neck again. When he frowned at it, Steve almost opened his mouth to ask if they were okay- but Tony got there first.
The line cut out pretty quickly after that, and Steve remained seated at the table, staring into space ahead of him for a good minute before slowly standing up and making his way toward his bedroom, undoubtedly to fetch his computer.
Steve’s mood had been consistently low the past few weeks, although he seemed better when he was around the team than he did when he was only with Tony. But whatever it was that was doing it, it made him more argumentative, more quick to anger, more generally sulky than ever before. He was also starting to look constantly ill; a pallor to his cheeks and a redness to his eyes that shouldn’t ever usually be there. Tony tried to get him to go to medical, to maybe talk about it- sometimes Steve didn’t sleep when the insomnia came around, too busy being plagued by flashbacks and nightmares- but Steve never accepted any help. He only got snappy when Tony pushed.
, and I would pull the stars out of the fucking sky just to make you happy, and I know that you’d do exactly the same for me.”
He smiled, pressing his mouth into Tony’s curls once more before shifting them. “Come on, love, I think that’s enough stargazing for one night.”
“It’s not enough any more though, is it,” Peter whispered, shutting his eyes and hugging the pillow a little tighter.
Spinning around on his swivelly chair, he looked up at the roof of his workshop and debated going up to the communal floor for a break. He’d been looking at screens for about two days straight by that point, having cleared off a bunch of investor’s meetings and R&D discussions in order to try and further their case on AIM. He knew that Natasha and Clint were doing the same on the ground, but the trickle of information they were getting back to him just wasn’t enough. Tony needed answers. He needed solid facts. Better the devil you know than the devil who sent you a small baby and then left with no instructions on how to look after him.
It took another minute of everyone chatting before Bucky actually got around to driving off, but eventually they managed to exit the parking lot and head out back home. Whilst they drove, Steve ticked off a few names on his checklist- Thor and Peggy were both done now, and he had Bucky’s Christmas gift planned out already, so that’d be fine. Everyone else would probably not be too bothered about whatever they received anyway- he knew for a fact that he could give Clint a dirty sock and the guy would probably cherish it.
Tony stopped moving, looking back at Steve, who was still sat with his legs crossed on the bed. He raised an eyebrow. “You don’t know me well enough to say that,” he told Steve bluntly.
“It’s because no one’s good enough for you,” Bucky told her with a roll of his eyes, “your standards are too high, lady.”
“The question is: who’s the hunter?” Steve folded his arms and looked around the room in question, but all he got back were blank and oblivious faces. In the corner of the room, some toast popped up, and was duly ignored. None of them held onto the grumpy sleepiness of earlier- not now they were in danger mode.
Steve, however, seemed not to mind. “I thought it was a well-thought-out strategy. A little ostentatious. Very you. I liked it.” He wiggled the mistletoe between them and then laughed gently, cheeks still pink. “You still up for that kiss?”
“Yes Mrs Wilson,” he said in amusement, side-eyeing Sam as the other boy scowled and got to his feet, “have a good day at work.”
Natasha found him and brought him back home. She and Bruce took him into the bathroom and removed the bloodstained clothes off his back, washed the red from his skin. They were crying. Steve didn’t think he could remember how to cry, so he didn’t.
you to do, if ever this… if ever I hurt him again.” He stared at Clint seriously, his jaw tight. “I can’t let him go through this again.”
There were muffled curses and threats above them, but Steve and Tony were already moving, Steve pulling at Tony’s hand again and dragging them out of the room, running out into the corridor just as Bruce rounded the corner and spotted them.
“It’s both. DC sucks and you not being here sucks,” Tony informed him with an accusatory finger, finally walking out of the bathroom and then flopping onto the bed dramatically, right across Steve’s chest. The air left his lungs in a rush and he wheezed, sighing when Tony got his damp hair all over Steve’s neck. “You shouldn’t be allowed to leave this bed. Hey—how do you feel about becoming a kept man?”
Steve gaped a little, looking over to Sam as he sat opposite them and grinned smugly. “Yeah, Steve, what
Which sounded creepy But it wasn’t, he wasn’t being… Tony was just very memorable, that was all. Striking. People tended to blend into one after a while, but Tony was something else. Something different. In the way he held himself, in the lines of his body and how he dressed and the jewelry he kept on his fingers. He wasn’t like other people. He was just Tony, in his own right.
“And I suppose that’s why I’m here.” The resignation sat deep in his gut. This was just another thing sent to hurt him. Another betrayal, another terrible let-down. One thing was for sure though: this guy- the one that was responsible for domestic terrorism charges and violent assaults and the wiping-out of
Now, though, the sound of gunfire rang like a gong in his ears, pulling him out of his single-minded trance and spurring him into action. Fear lurched in his gut as he realised Clint had been right: HYDRA had come back for round two, and this time, the stranded Avengers were sitting ducks.
“Christmas,” Tony informed him, waving a hand weakly, “had these… these cool questions in ‘em. Was gonna sit on Steve’s right hand side an’ he’d pull the cracker with me an… yeah.” He sighed, thinking of the way Steve’s cheeks would’ve turned a little pink as he read the question-
“Mr Rogers,” JARVIS began, “considering your mental state currently, I very much doubt that’s a good—”
“You stay, please,” he asked, “just in case. I don’t- if I… you need to stop me. Any means necessary, and I’m serious about that, alr-”
Steve once more took on the expression of a startled animal. “I just thought,” he began, voice weak, “maybe we should… just try and ease back into it—”
And just as Tony began to frown a little at Steve’s incessant staring, Thor decided that would be the appropriate moment to bodily haul Steve off his chair and then insert him on his shoulders.
It was two hours and three minutes later when Steve’s phone went off. He grabbed it immediately and Bucky turned his head, automatically turning down the volume.
“Right, sure, and all those people who ended up surviving because of my disobedience don’t count for shit,” Tony told him, “of course, all you give a shit about is me not doing what you asked. Fucking typical.”
Tony was— he was gone. Only Iron Man remained of him now, and Steve had to stop him before it was too late. Whatever it took.
Tony sighed as he was rounded on and pulled away from Steve, who was just sitting there with a fond smile and a twinkle in his eye. The team had a very thorough hold on him, so there wasn’t much point in trying to fight them off. He just let them haul him up and carry him down the stairs, while Steve laughed and trailed along behind him.
But, you know. Shit happens. He couldn’t really pursue it, now, and it sucked, but that was life. He could get by from other jobs. It wouldn’t be too bad.
Tony’s fingers stilled. “Oswald?” He asked after a beat of silence, something strange in his voice. “I’ve heard of that one.”
It occurred to him whilst he glared at the back of Tony’s head that he actually had a shade of paint almost exactly the same color as Tony’s hair. Deep brown- maybe if he added in a few darker tones, some charcoal black or something, it would turn out almost exactly the same. He hadn’t drawn anyone in half a year, but he found himself… wanting, very suddenly, to put pen to paper and see if he could map out the entirety of Tony’s body, just from memory.
From the kitchen counter where he was preparing his toast, Steve smiled. “Sure you are sweetheart,” he responded absently, lifting a hand to his temple where, as Clint had said, the first few strands of grey were just beginning to grow through. He’d known that he was aging early on, but he was still strangely happy when he’d seen the proof for himself. The thought of having to slowly watch everyone else grow old around him was one he dared not even entertain.
kill him. He’s in the cafeteria grabbing some food, but he’s gonna be with you as soon as he can.” The hand squeezed, and Bruce’s face came closer. “Steve, do you hear me? Tell me you understand me.”
Steve looked down, nodding a little. “He’s… something else,” he said softly, repeating the same words Tony had used for him. “He’s also got it into his head that we shouldn’t speak any more, thanks to your show last night, so thanks for that,” he couldn’t help but add snappily. Bucky’s eyebrows rose and he had the decency to look a little ashamed. “Ah- that’s not… that’s not great, is it?” He asked sheepishly.
this game? Does everyone turn into a heartless bitch when they play? No wonder kids are so cruel,” Tony said wildly, as Steve pushed his shoulders again.
“Bhabla,” Peter responded with wisely, before a bit of drool slipped down his chin. Tony sighed and brushed it off, making a sad face as he wiped his hand against his pants. He was sure Giorgio Armani hadn’t intended for his designs to be used in such a way.
Tony grinned as he stood, cracking the vertebrae in his spine as he started to walk over to the stairwell. “Honestly, who’s teaching you to be so rude these days? I bet it’s Nat. She’s good at finding unique ways to irritate me.”
Steve bit his tongue, feeling something sour in his chest. It had been twenty seconds, and Tony’s dad had used two slurs. In front of his bisexual son.
He let himself drift through the next twenty minutes, mind on other things as he half-assed a few questions and thought moodily about all the homework he had to complete when he got home from school. He could probably bribe Bucky into doing a bit of it- God knows the guy owed him a favour or two- but then again, he didn’t exactly fancy giving all his work over to a boy who had once completed a detention by taping seven pens together and then attempted to write out all his lines like that.
Tony froze on the spot, unwilling to step further. Unable to. He didn’t want to know. He couldn’t know. His heart already felt ruined, but now that he was looking at one of his closest friends as they lay unmoving on the floor, he didn't think it was even in his chest anymore. It was somewhere in his shoes, leaking out of the soles. Vile and coagulating.
“I’ve started the routine, Steve, and you know not to mess with my routine.” Tony grinned and plucked his moisturiser from the counter, trying valiantly not to react when Steve moved his mouth to Tony’s neck, kissing just under his ear. “You can’t try and seduce me right now. I’m busy.”
“I’d just kiss you in other places,” Steve said simply, before opening the door and then pushing Tony inside, “go sit down. I’ll make you some food, okay?”
With a short sigh and a grind of his teeth, he stood up to his feet and then crept quietly across to Tony’s window. “JARVIS?” He asked softly, but got no response. Steve frowned- before remembering Tony’s earlier words. He’d ordered JARVIS not to speak another word for the remainder of the day… God, that must’ve been why he hadn’t alerted Tony and Steve to Howard’s presence.
“I’ve got a lot of making up to do, haven’t I?” Steve said quietly, kissing Tony’s hair, and then his cheeks, and then his eyelids, moving across every inch of Tony’s face with a gentle press of lips.
out of trouble a few days ago, Rogers,” Tony said lightly, a hand going to Steve’s shoulder and pushing down slightly, “can you get in on your own?”
But as he walked down the corridor to head to his next lesson, he caught sight of the guy. Walking out of class, casual as anything. His nose was blackened from the altercation with Tony yesterday, but other than that he showed no signs that he had suffered any sort of consequence for what he’d done. He was talking to some friends—Steve wasn’t sure who it was; maybe Zeke and Vanko—but that barely even registered at all.
Unfortunately however, the evening wasn’t over when he finally managed to drift off. Really, it was his fault: at this point in his life, he should’ve known not to try and sleep with that sort of heavy weight at the front of his mind, because it never mixed well with PTSD and chronic nightmares. Go fucking figure.
“I don’t know how to be a good dad,” he’d said, fear and bitterness in his voice as they’d looked at the adoption agencies, “I never… everyone always says I’m just like my old man, but if that’s true, I couldn’t—
“At least you’re not drunk and crying this time,” Steve told him, sitting down beside him and then leaning their shoulders together, “always like it when you’re not doing that.”
He jerked upright, feeling the eyes of everyone in the room suddenly on him and his corner in the back of the class. Blinking from the light as he opened his eyes, he squinted at the board. Fuck, it all just looked like scribbling to him. “I… uhh… have no idea, Miss.”
needed to. So Steve was channelling his inner Exhausted Janitor, and he was doing a stand-up fucking job of it, thank you very much. Agents passed by him hurriedly, not even noticing as he wheeled between them, and Tony remained thankfully silent the whole time, so no suspicion was even aroused as Steve slowly worked his way up to the third floor. By this time, the agent manning the desk on the underground level would have undoubtedly informed the team sent to check on the holding cells that a blond man had escorted Tony Stark from the floor a few minutes previously, and a search was about to be very quickly organised in order to find the two fugitives.
“Coming home with me, Tony,” Steve tried not to think about the other way those words could be interpreted, because otherwise he’d probably end up doing something questionable like start whining, and no one wanted that. “I’m not waiting for a cab out on some empty street. House is only two minutes away anyway- come on.”
“No,” Steve blurted loudly. He could hear his heart beating loudly in his ears. “No, I have to… now.”
Steve didn’t say anything, but he put his head back down on Tony’s shoulder and found his hand in the half-darkness. Tony held on a little tighter than usual.
Sitting up jerkily and ignoring the irritating tug of the IV on his arm, he looked down at Tony. “Do you still want to marry me,” he breathed, voice soft. Tony sat up too, slower than him, a little more nervous as he glanced up and down again. “Is that… did you mean it? Truly?”
Steve pulled on his faded Henley and then slipped on some sweatpants before turning back to Tony, crouching onto his haunches so he was close and then knocking their foreheads together. Tony resisted the urge to purr—it’d only make Steve laugh, the asshole. “Let’s go to bed,” Steve said, giving him an absent kiss between words. Tony hummed, the warmth emanating from Steve’s body sending him even deeper into a sleepy state of relaxation. He wrapped his hands around the man’s broad shoulders and pushed into it, trying to absorb more of the body heat through the layers of his Givenchy suit. With a small laugh, Steve’s hands returned the embrace and before Tony knew it, he was being lifted up into the air by strong arms that held him steady. He blinked. “Hey, asshole, I can walk.”
But Steve didn’t get mad. Of course he didn’t, that would have been ridiculous. He just turned his head a little bit into Tony’s, mouth ghosting over the top of his head. “I’m fine,” he assured, “don’t worry about me.”
Steve made sure to remain very, very still. One twitch of his hand would end with it going through the table. His body was not his own. It had torn itself away from him, and he struggled to keep control. “Explain,” he ordered.
Tony eyed him, then looked to Steve with a huff. “Your friend is a freak,” he declared in a whisper that wasn’t really a whisper.
From what he heard these days, Tony was busy with the political side of the accords debate, doing his level best to grant the avengers immunity while the global threats continued to rage on around them. He was tired, it was clear to see. Weary.
Steve shook his head and then grinned softly as Tony stared up at him, his face a myriad of different and equally endearing emotions. Embarrassment. Fear. Bashfulness. And then there was, of course, the way Tony's hands were squeezed tight around Steve, like the touch was all he had in the world. He knew that Tony needed this. "You're amazing. And clever. And capable. And good and kind and-"
Tony rolled his eyes and pouted. “You think it’s hot," he responded, and then leaned up and kissed Steve’s nose quickly.
He wondered what kissing Tony would feel like. Taste like. Would his hair be soft? Undoubtedly. Would the kiss be hard, light, chaste, dirty-
Before they knew it, there was a buzz at the door, and Thor got up to let Rhodey into the apartment. Tony’s frame perked up when he heard the deep tones of his best friend’s voice talking to Thor, and both he and Steve watched as the boy marched straight around the corner, eyes immediately falling to Tony. A variety of emotions crossed over his face while he stood there in front of them and took Tony in—fury, grief, sympathy, sadness—but in the end, he just settled on a smile. His march became a gentle stroll, and he slowly moved forward in order to sit on the couch next to Tony.
On the night they’d first met, they’d both been pretty drunk, and although Steve had been feeling all the usual butterfly-feelings at the way Tony talked, the way he acted and spooked and just
(This one has avery casual style to it,, like I wrote this on my mobile so I mean most of it was written in text-talk and had to be edited into something a bit more professional lmao apologies folks.)
But he couldn’t just....go. Breaking up with Steve would fracture the team, it was true. They’d ask why. And Tony couldn’t tell them, they’d never fucking believe him. Tony barely believed it himself. They’d just think he was lying or exaggerating or trying to cover his own ass. So he’d have to make something up, say it was something shitty he himself had done, and then they’d hate him and everything would be ruined. Plus, Steve was still there, somewhere, Tony knew it. He could change back to normal in a month, and Tony wouldn’t know because he’d thrown away their entire relationship thanks to some stupid rough patch.
Steve shook his head a little, smiling sadly back and then turning away. Tony wasn’t even his friend, really. It wasn’t his job to worry. Tony obviously knew his own mind; knew what he was doing far better than Steve did.
He jumped, pulling himself from his own thoughts and looking into Tony’s curious eyes. There were still flecks of blood behind his ear from where he’d missed while he’d had a shower. Steve looked back down to his sketchbook and thumbed the rough lines of his drawing, teeth worrying at his lip.
“No, you’re not. But that’s okay. Neither am I,” Steve answers softly, bending a little and sweeping Tony’s legs out from underneath him, lifting him with an ease only he could pull off.
Steve didn’t bother answering; just wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him in, tucking his face into Tony’s stomach and clutching his hands across the planes of Tony’s back.
They drove through New York quickly, and soon Steve realised they were heading to the richer side of town the further they went, as the houses got bigger. They turned out from the busy main roads after ten minutes or so, and that was when Steve lost himself completely- just taking in the sights of all the huge houses lined along the roads and wondering where exactly Tony was heading.
“Yeah, I’m fine, don’t worry.” He sounded okay- maybe a little out of breath, but that was it. “Can you open your window?”
Carol rolled her eyes and pulled a face, looking apologetic. She scratched out something else with her marker, before holding it up and showing him.
beautiful,” Steve whispered, as his mouth moved across each scar that lined the casing, and Tony let his eyes flutter shut, lost in the feeling of Steve, and Steve’s mouth, and all the emotion that Steve somehow managed to convey in a single sentence.
Palming a hand over his forehead, he opened up his phone and went into his messages again. His fingers lingered over the keyboard, trying to decide on whether or not to text Tony again- but in the end, he just threw it across the bed with a loud sigh and then flopped back onto his back. He’d already tried four times. If Tony wanted to answer him, he would have by now. Steve just had to get on with the fact that he wasn’t going to be getting a response from Tony anytime soon, if at all.
Although, of course, they hadn’t gotten away scot-free. A frag bomb had gone off a little too near Tony and the debris had sliced right through his leg. In fact, if it wasn’t for the snow-storm that’d whipped up during the ambush, he was pretty sure he’d be dead. That was the only reason that Nat, Bruce and Rhodey had had enough cover to pick him up and carry him away to safety. None of them had known that there was a miraculous little cabin fairly nearby, and so stumbling on it had been nothing short of a one-in-a-million chance. Tony would make sure to be grateful for that later.
Tony was looking up at him with sleep-heavy eyes; his head leaning on Steve’s forearm as he stared inquiringly. And honestly, how on Earth was Steve supposed to argue with that? He was notoriously bad at resisting Tony- mob boss or not, he was only human.
couldn’t deny the way Steve looked at him sometimes. He knew that they were skirting around each other, around this
Tony looked between the two of them, and then at Peter. It seemed they were more enthralled by the cartoon than the baby was. “I feel like this isn’t very healthy,” he told them, to which they still did not turn around, “how many episodes of this trash have you watched?”
“Hey,” Steve murmured quietly, and Tony jumped when he realised that his partner had come back into the room once more and was sliding onto the bed, arm wrapping around Tony’s waist and pulling him in. He was still a little damp, and he smelled like fresh apples from his body wash. Tony leaned into it happily. “You think he’s ready to settle now?”
“Avengers,” Steve said, back straightening, his smile gone and replaced with hard leadership, “looks like the next training routine’s gonna have to wait, we got the real thing up ahead. Thor, take Clint and Nat.” The God nodded and sidled up to the two spies as they all ran for the lockers where their real weapons were stored. “I’ll arrive front and centre with Iron Man, you take the back and meet them in the middle. Someone call Bruce—” He paused, suddenly wary as he looked at Tony for a second. “Who’s gonna look after Peter?”
“Be my guest, Rumlow. But the only reason you’re working this case at all is because of me, so just bear that in mind when you march in there and tell him how you think I don’t deserve my job.” Steve smiled at him and then stepped out of his way, a hand reaching out to the door of the interrogation room itself. Rumlow watched him coldly, before giving an ugly snort of laughter.
Tony’s eyes flicked across Steve’s face, observing for a moment. Then he seemed to relax a little, because he stopped sitting so straight and licked Steve’s palm quickly, causing him to yelp and pull back, making a very unimpressed face. “And you think
He wasn’t entirely sure what his mom would have said to that. Probably just yelled at him for cursing, now he thought about it. He shook his head in memory and then stepped back, blinking rapidly. He needed to get somewhere warm before his asthma flared up or he caught a cold, and Thor was waiting for him. “Right,” he cleared his throat and then blew out a breath of crystalized air from his mouth, nodding finally, “right, I guess I’ll be going then.”
She was one of those people who never continued to surprise Steve. Her house was in the rougher end of Manhattan, and yet she seemed to always have a surplus supply of money to hand. And for such a small apartment, the place was very well decorated. He figured Natasha’s whole family liked to play their cards close to their chests. Maybe they were all spies. It would explain a lot, he supposed.
be your fault, and meeting you was without question one of the best things to ever happen to me, okay? Please, love. Don’t cry. It’s gonna be okay—”
Okay. Okay wait. That sounded weird. He wasn’t… it wasn’t in a creepy way! He was’t a weirdo, honestly, and the guy knew he was there. So it wasn’t like- not in a stalkerish sense.
They both laughed quietly, and Steve leaned back on the couch, looking sideways at Tony. For a fraction of a second, it almost felt normal. Any other night they’d spent together on the couch at Tony’s place, whiling away the hours in one another’s company and talking shit about their friends.
Tony’s mouth hurt from the size of his smile and he leaned in and kissed Steve’s warm cheek fondly. “I love you very very much,” he told Steve firmly, “but I am not dragging your ass up to our bedroom to have you attempt to get it up and then drunkenly fuck me until you fall unconscious half-way through. I have standards, darling.”
“Cross my heart,” Tony said with a laugh as Steve climbed nervously onto the railings and got his hands around the rafter above his head. “See, just hoist yourself up a
So here he was. Alone in their bed, looking at the ceiling and thinking over everything that had happened.
He breathed through his nose and kept his face covered. Eventually, he just forced out the words “I’m fine. Thank you.”
Tony sighed into his mug, and Thor mirrored him. They were the only other two in the room, and yeah, maybe Tony had a little hold over Steve, but Natasha wasn’t here to see to Clint, and he was by far the more cutting of the two-
“’m okay,” Tony mumbles, because it wouldn’t do for Steve to think he’d just blacked out or something.
Tony watched, as surprised as he had been the first time he’d watched Steve kiss the ugly thing that had been shoved in his chest all those years ago.
Steve smiled, but then it turned into a small frown. “But- Tony, you can’t buy a place until you’re eighteen unless you get your parents’ permission, right?”
Over the next few minutes while Thor got up to make them all some toast, Tony leaned further and further into Steve, his head still bowed, not making eye contact. Steve knew Tony wanted to say something, but couldn’t quite get it out. He didn’t push; just directed Tony closer toward him with a steadying arm, until Tony had laid back down with his head resting gingerly on Steve’s lap. “How’s your head feeling?” He asked the other boy softly, nails beginning to stroke through Tony’s hair. It was getting a little on the long side now. Steve could wrap it around his fingers, see it begin to curl at the back of his neck.
Zeke eyed them both up, his gaze malicious. Steve wanted to hit him so fucking bad. “You got a thing for the new guy, Stark?” He asked softly, his voice dangerous as his gaze flickered back to Steve, just for a moment before he returned to Tony, “that’s interesting.”
“Oh hell, Steve Rogers has a dirty mind, what in God’s name has the world come to?” Tony asked dramatically, teeth showing as he smiled and placed the shirt beside Steve’s leg. His eyes went back to Steve’s almost entirely purple torso, and that smile lost a bit of its edge.
A… a really bad mission. Something-Wears-Coulson’s-Face-And-Goes-On-A-Murderous-Rampage-Directed-At-Clint type of bad mission.
he’d thought of every safety measure known to man except for a fucking defibrillator, of fucking course. He felt himself begin to hyperventilate as he looked down at Steve’s unresponsive body, just lying there on the floor of his workshop. This was not how Steve was going to die. Not because of Tony.
He landed back on the ground with a thud, pulling back the faceplate in order to wipe his brow. Around him, his mock-up city was in tatters, but their civilian death-count was at zero, and the fake bomb had been successfully disposed of with minimal damage. Steve patted him firmly on the back as he passed. “This was great, guys,” he said warmly, nodding at everyone as they reconvened, “anyone got anything to say about it?”
Steve frowned. He couldn’t tell exactly what that meant, but it sure sounded like a swear word. “You okay, Tony?” He asked.
The answer, of course, was no. Tony would never go. Not in a million fucking years. But that didn’t mean he couldn’t lie about it. “If… if that option offered the highest chance of group survival—”
He wasn’t sure how long it was going to take to weed them out of whatever little dungeon they were hiding in, and until then it was simply a waiting game. A question of who would move first- AIM trying to take Peter back, or The Avengers trying to take AIM out. One thing he knew for sure though, was that was that it wasn’t going to be the former. Not if Tony had anything to do with it.
“It’s fine, Tony,” Steve said, sinking onto the third stair and then curling his hand around the banister, “they were… polite about it, at least. Well. Mostly.”
Well. Except maybe Steve, when he’d been just as grumpy and just as tired as Tony (because despite the whole ‘peak of physical human perfection’ thing, they guy sure did hate early mornings), with his adorable bedhead and sleepy face and involuntary smile as he’d leaned down to kiss Tony’s temple in greeting-
of November 2013, to be precise, because yes, that memory was permanently fixed into Steve’s mind), he was pretty sure that he hadn’t been able to take his eyes off Tony for the entire night while he’d played. Tony said it helped him concentrate and come up with new ideas, and had been proven right when, while midway through performing Beethoven’s Violin Sonata No.9, Tony had suddenly dropped the bow and then lurched over to his desk, completing the work that he’d been stressing over all night. At Steve’s count, Tony could play four instruments with ease: Violin, Piano, guitar and drums (usually only pulled out for stress relief or during the more manic nights), but in all honesty, Tony probably knew more. Just being the smartest person alive was not enough for that man- he had to be a brilliant musician, too.
He couldn’t help but glance to the left for a second, over to Heather as he said “you still coming to mine on Saturday, right?” softly, leaning up and curling his hand around Tony’s forearm.
He stopped talking when Steve shoved him into the lockers, which was ultimately what he had been aiming for. The look on his face, in fact, would have amused Steve at any other moment. Wide eyes, a dropped jaw- the guy looked like he’d been smacked across the face with a wet towel.
“We’ll sort it,” Steve told him with a nod of his head, eyes determined, “we’ll get Iron Man back, Tony. I promise.”
settled on making a move at Christmas. A fairly simple, if typically Tony-Stark sort of move. And as nervous as he felt, he’d also been excited for it. Because he was pretty certain Steve’s reaction would be positive. And he’d wanted this for so long.
Tony looked at the screen dubiously. He’d been thinking of maybe getting a bit of sleep for the first time in a good few days, seeing as he was starting to see double and couldn’t exactly stand on his feet all that well. He opened his mouth to decline, but then stopped himself just a second before, suddenly thinking about it. He wanted to spend time with his team, and seeing as he was no longer an active duty avenger, the times when they would be able to hang out together were going to be much less, if any at all. Like Sam had said- ‘Team Bonding’ required you to, you know, be
Okay, so Tony didn’t want to go any further in the details. Fair enough. Steve shut his mouth and nodded in understanding. “Sorry.”
Tony positively beamed, and then held up a finger as he rushed over to the kitchen counter, where he pulled out a bag of his own and then hurried back to Steve’s side, still grinning.
“Yeah, well, we don’t.” Steve’s jaw was tight and he glared at Tony for a second before blinking and then breaking his disdain with a sigh. He ran a hand over his face. “Look, Tony, I didn’t want to rain on your parade, but for Unhumans? Halloween sucks. Halloween is the day when everyone stops treating us like a disease and starts treating us like a joke instead, and I don’t know which one is worse. Those scary movies you love so much? It’s just… it’s just full of anti-Unhuman sentiment. Big bad vampire slash werewolf slash demon, poor innocent Baseliner? Yeah. Like we haven’t heard that before.”
Steve paused his journey across Tony’s body, looking up at him briefly. His eyes were half-shut with sleepiness, his hair messy and tangled. He was adorable, and he knew it. Which is why he leaned up and then caught Tony’s mouth in a soft kiss, nipping gently at his pout and grinning like he knew
Steve didn’t say anything for a moment, and Tony could sense his discomfort from across the room. But then he shrugged, trying to claim indifference. “Fine,” he said, just edging on snappily, “night.”
Bucky just laughed, patting him on the back playfully. “Don’t apologise. I think I like you more than ever after hearing that.”
The comment was said so casually, Steve couldn’t help but give a soft laugh. “Wow, thanks. Nice to see you too, Tony.”
So this was mostly a dialogue-based explanation chapter. Grittier stuff will probably come next. Also, just so you know-
Tony opens his mouth to argue; what against, he isn’t sure, but Steve leans down and kisses him at that point, which is enough to shut him up.
pretty sure that both of you need to stop squabbling and join in the group hug,” Pops muttered, giving them both a shake and then screaming as Peter and his Dad both dug into opposing ribs at the same time.
The last thing he was aware of before he lost consciousness was the sound of Tony screaming his name.
It had just happened so fast. Tony had hardly even known what to do with himself. One moment he’d been fine, walking through the door with his briefcase in hand, just glad to be home early as opposed to late for once- and then suddenly he’d been
He chuckled to himself, sending of a multitude of question marks and then grinning when Tony hurried to explain with a myriad of texts that Steve couldn’t really understand, but contributed to wherever he could. Sometimes he caught glimpses of Tony’s genius like this; pure and excited and
“You get that, Tony?” She asked down the line, while Steve gasped in horror beside her, “yeah, I’ll just put him on the line, and you can arrange a time and place,” she said breezily, before throwing the phone at his chest and making him catch it rather than her as she fled past him.
Before Steve could even fully process what Tony had just said, he turned the handle and then slipped out, waving once behind him, then turning and disappearing into the darkness.
Steve watched him begin to wander off, pause, and then spin right back around for a second. “Do you-“ he began- and then cut himself off with a shake of his head and began to walk forward instead. He dug around in the pocket of his jacket for a few seconds as he walked back over, until he was pretty much standing right in Steve’s space without even realising, gaze too focused on the pen he’d pulled out.
,” She said through her teeth as she fell into step with him, wandering down the corridor together, “that was quite possibly the most brutal and effective power move I’ve ever seen. Look at him-“ she jerked her head back to Tony, who had
