"Sh." He whispers, rubbing his cheek against the top of my head as his arms slither around my waist.
“Alright, you’ve made your point.”
“You’re tight baby boy.” I say softly before pulling my fíngers out of him. He whines in complaint but I kiss him again, softer this time as I position myself over him, lining my cóck up with his hole. I hold him close to my body and I begin to enter him and he hisses in paín even though I’m going as slow as I possibly could go and shushing him as I do so, making my voice as soft as possible while he flails around beneath me, wanting me to go faster but it hurting him too much as I enter him. His muscles are tight around me and it makes me gasp and moan and I go further into him before the base of my erectíon meets his entránce. I stay still for a few moments to let him get used to the uncomfortableness of me filling him up and when he finally relaxes slightly and breathes heavily out, I take this as my queue to carry on.
"Watch and learn." I started sucking on his neck slightly, flicking my tongue against it making my touch send shivers down his spine. I then brought my mouth to his earlobe and nibbled on it, making his gasp quietly. I grabbed his hand and stepped away from him, looking into his eyes.
“Thank you.” I nodded my head in respect and her eyes flashed darkly in respect back to me. I then walk out of the slave’s hall and towards the great hall where I knew I would find Castiel. I just hoped that no one else would be in there due to what time of day it was. I burst through the main doors of the hall to find it empty apart from the angel kneeling down on his hands and knees, doing something to the throne. I stood for a moment admiring the view of his bare arse that the fabric was not covering and smirked slightly to myself. I walked over to him quietly so he had no idea I was there, lifted my hand up and spanked him hard against his right arse cheek. He yelped loudly and rolled away from me, quickly standing up and looking at me in horror. I laughed loudly and his eyebrows furrowed in anger, bringing a hand down to rub his sore cheek.
"Yes. Yes i do, she's... my wife." I didn't know what else to say so i just scratch the back of my head awkwardly and bite my lip like i normally do when i feel awkward.
"No..." I say and she looks at me in confusion before her eyes go wide in shock.
"But, why would you be crying? What has happened to make you cry?" I look down at my hands before burying my face in them, sobbing loudly. Sam comes running over to me and hugs me tight, not knowing what else to do in the current situation.
"Well what am I mean to call it?"
"Cas!" I heard Dean whisper from behind me and I groan and turn around to find his head poking back through the slit in the tent.
"Your majesty."
"It seems that she was only just faking it too try and get information for us." Michael explains and I hum in appreciation.
“Whoa troll, calm down! I’m hungry!” Protested Gabriel and the women’s eyes turned black as night.
Ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew, ew. A shiver runs down my spine as i walk out of the house, shaking my head. I really did not need to see that today. That was disgusting.
Strange things did happen here
"Castiel, his majesty wishes to see you." A maid came in and told me before walking back out again. I groaned inwardly before another maid came in.
"SAMUEL WINCHESTER!" I gasp, pressing my hand to my heart in shock. "Don't you dare talk about baby girl that way!"
“I told you to call me Sam!”
-flash back- no pov
"Can we please go?" I say in a timid voice and Dean looks at me carefully and nods.
"Hello Castiel." She says, her voice was sweet and beautiful, just like I had !remembered it. I walked over to her and hugged her tightly, taking her into my arms as I had once done so many moons ago.
"I just wanted to sleep and you came in and ruined that with you're soft hands and intoxicating tongue." He grumbles and I laugh quietly before putting an arm around his waist and kidding his forehead.
"He told me that he wasn't going to hurt me. He asked for my name and i told him. Then he told me his name!" Daddy rolls his eyes at me and smiles in adoration before getting up and walking over to me, leaning down to look at me.
She was beautiful, kind and powerful. I thought of all the reasons why I married her in the first place but now just couldn’t add up these feelings to love. I respected her, I loved her but…
"Yes?"
“She has black wings and her so called father gave her this necklace-“ he pointed to the necklace which was now reattatched to my neck, “-saying that it was her mothers, Michael.” He looks at them and nods as if to say something and they straighten up and nod back.
"Ah yes, but the prince is the future king!" Said the other.
I don’t think so, Cas. You’re stuck with me now. Stuck until the end of time, however long that will be. You’re too late to turn back, you’re too late to turn away. You go, I go. You jump, I jump and there ain’t nothing you can do about that.”
"Your majesty." They bow low down to me and I nod my head in acknowledgement. "We have some amazing news."
"-nt. But he's been at the liquor table for a couple of hours now and I'd say the whole thing has livened up a bit." I looked over to the buffet table to find a group of men laughing and talking with each other however I didn't know which one the prince was as he had probably taken off his regal robes after the dance. Suddenly, Gabriel put his hat on me and told me to hold it for a while before wandering off towards the demon lady who had waved at him. He was going to get into so much trouble if he carried on the way he was going but that was just what Gabriel was like. I shrugged at smiled after my older brother until the men at the buffet table caught my attention. They were shouting at me but calling me "Jester" and then I realised that I still had the hat on and they must have thought I was the jester. They were waving me over but I just looked at them stupidly but thankfully my brother came to save the day by walking over to me and taking the hat off my head.
“Don’t worry about it Castiel, come on! I’ll show you were my father’s quarters are.” With that he started walking off quickly and I struggled to keep up with him carrying the heavy bucket of water. He stopped suddenly outside a door that was guarded by two fierce looking demons and pointed at it. “Here we are.”
“You most definitely are. All bowing and ‘your highness’ and finally knowing your place.”
“Sorry… Sam.” I say, smiling shyly before walking into the king’s chambers and when I saw it I groaned. What a mess.
“You’ve already said annoying Castiel, stop complaining. You know your people will expect you to marry someone so just pick Emandriel and everything will be as right as rain.” The two men were stood in the garden, smoking on a pipe as Castiel complained about not wanting to marry his suitor. Gabriel was trying to talk him into it but the king of the angel kingdom was having none of it. He was about to say something else when a woman came out into the garden, not noticing the two men at first but instead turning around and looking straight up to the castle. She turned back around to face the two men and grinned.
“You!” I march over to him and he looks at me confused where I grip his shirt tightly and push him against the wall with such furious anger that it knocks all the wind out of him with a big ‘ooof’. “How dare you!” I scream in his face and he looks around, terrified. Some guards and behind me, carrying long knives but they don’t really know what to do with themselves.
"Cas? Castiel? What about him?"
Cas (POV)
“Fine, don’t tell me.” I huff, crossing my arms moodily and we both go quiet. After a moment of silence Castiel opens his mouth to speak but quickly shuts it again. “Got something to say?”
"Crowley, i've known where they were for around about 10 summers now."
"It's Sam." He mumbles out before turning around.
“Lay with me, you look tired darling.” She says, unfolding the covers on her side of the bed. I looked down at it before looking at her and shaking my head.
"It says Cas....." He looks up at me in shock and I cough before looking away from him.
“I’ve missed you.” I say, my voice cracking slightly at the whole time we had missed together and I feel him not his head.
Dean (POV)
“Huh?”
"She betrayed us your majesty. She was killing her own kind in the battle of Lawrence." His voice cracked and shook but I just looked back at him sadly and with disappointment etched across my face. "I had to do it."
"That's boring." I laugh and she nods her head.
"I'm a demon, I lie sometimes. Look it doesn't matter, all that matters I that all I have to do is mark Castiel and he will be mine. No other demon will be able to touch him."
"Not good, she's been trying her hardest to get the warriors motivated enough to fight but without you here, everyone hasn't known if they're coming or going. No one knew what to do." He says as we enter my study and I walk over to the balcony and open up the glass doors to step out onto it.
"I can get rid of it for you if you like." He says, holding out his hand but i shake my head.
“Prince Dean Winchester of Lawrence!” A guard shouted at the top of his voice and I walked in through the big double doors this time rather than the side ones and down the large stone steps so other demons could take me in. I placed a fake smile on my face and started greeting people, women mainly who were all trying to get me to ask for their hand in marriage. This was going to be a stressful night.
“His? That’s a surprise… I was expecting you to have a woman angel to practice on.” I cough on the drink that I am sipping and look at her in surprise. “Oh come on, you men always think that us women have no clue. We know exactly what you get up to, to please us.”
"Oh so soon? But we were just getting started."
“You gonna apologise then?” I ask and he nods weakly.
“Don’t worry precious.” I whisper to the evening air. “Father is coming.”
"WAKE-UP YOUR HIGHNESS!" A guard shouted into my room and I groaned and rolled over to look at him angrily.
"Mid-morning." He mumbles to himself before sighing. "I'm so late."
"We don't have to go in." He tells me but i shake my head.
“Leliel.” He says and I tilt my head slightly and squint my eyes.
I was sat in my assigned chambers with two guards sat outside my room. They were saying they were there for my safety but I knew that was utter crap, they were there to keep an eye on me because they didn’t trust me and why should they? I was a demon. Or at least I was half a demon; I still couldn’t get over the fact that my mother was an angel. I would have to face my father when I return to the palace to sort that little fact out.
I wasn't going to listen to father, i was going to carry on going into those woods. However the only problem was, how could i get out of the castle without being noticed. I would need Marian to escort me, perhaps i could lie to her when she tells me to go ask dada and tell her he had said yes. Yes, that is exactly what i was going to do. No one could stop me from going into those woods, not a single soul. I would see Castiel again, i wanted so much to see him again. The real life king of the angels had come to speak to me, i felt so important all of a sudden. I smiled through my tears as i came up with the decision that next week i would go back into the woods and hopefully the beautiful angel man would be there.
“I’ll miss you too kid. We’ll see each other again though, don’t you worry.” He smiles at my brother and helps him up onto his horse before standing back and nodding at me. “See you around Dean.”
"What is it dada?" I ask him and he chuckles.
"Well lads, duty calls." I say to the other demons and they chuckle slightly and bow when I stand up to leave the room. I walk back with Castiel who doesn't say a word to me as we walk. "Are you okay?"
"A sex slave." I snap out and get up off the bed. "Are you happy now? There I told you." I fling my arms up in the air and stomp around my bedroom.
"Dada says yes." I say happily, bouncing on the balls of my feet happily. She nods and grabs the basket she has prepared before beckoning me forwards and putting my warm red cloak on which had a lovely furry white hood. It was my favourite coat.
“Oh, nice to meet you. What happened to the old one?” Castiel asked and Leliel shrugs slightly.
“Thank you Albert.” Father nodded and Albert quickly bowed out of the room. “I have to go now son, but keep an open mind to the women of the court, they are not all that bad.”
The both rubbed their thighs against each other’s groins but Castiel stopped Dean from doing so, pushing him against the wall of the cubicle and began undoing his belt as quickly as possible and unbuttoning the buttons on his trousers. Castiel stopped the heated kiss, resting his forehead on Deans before slowly crouching down in front of him and pulling his pants down along with him.
“GET YOUR DIRTY HANDS OF MY FOOD!” Shrieked a loud women and she came over and hit his hand sharply.
"Who are you?" She whispers, her voice full of demand to know.
“He’s not your real daddy Valentina, I am.” He says quickly and I look at him angrily before backing away from him.
“She was kind and powerful.” Castiel whispered to her. “And very beautiful.” My heart didn’t twinge with jealousy anymore when he said this because I knew I had him, I knew both him and Valentina were mine to keep and hold for eternity until Valentina was ready to leave.
“No, Gabriel.” He laughs and I shake my head.
"Daddy's busy sweetheart." Daddy says to me, not looking up from his papers.
Gabriel thought that me seeing Dean all those years ago would help me but as a matter of fact they only made things worse. Seeing him and then losing him again just made me realise that i had nothing left in this god forsaken world. I could fly but I didn't feel like it so instead I march out if my study and towards the stables where I ready my horse. Gabriel ran up to me but I ignored him, I've been ignoring him a lot more lately - not wanting to speak about the past as I wallow in self-pity towards the future. I saddle my horse and hop on without a word to Gabriel or anybody else and start riding towards the border where I knew I would find some demons and be able to revert my anger unto them.
“Oh thank Lucifer you’re okay.” She cried and curtseyed to me before pulling me into a tight hug.
He starts walking backwards, dragging me with him before pushing my backwards onto the bed and straddling my hips, holding my hands above my head and he keeps his lips attached to mine, sliding his tongue around my mouth greedily but tidily. He began slowly taking of my layers of clothing and i tried to fumble with his shirt but he had his hands held firmly above my head so i couldn't move them. He took of his own clothing swiftly, only unattaching our lips to pull his tunic off over his head before slámming them back down again. However he starts to move off my lips and down my neck and chest towards my abdomen and finally the tip of my cóck. I fall ridged at his touch as his moúth wraps around it, súcking and lícking greedily as if he's missed it all this time. He lícks from the báse back up to my tiíp making me moán gently and whímper when he removes his móuth and brings it back up again.
“What do you mean?”
Cas (POV)
"Shut up." I nudge him with my foot and he grins wickedly at me before climbing back into bed with me and resting his head on my shoulder. I kiss the top of his forehead lightly and bury my face in his soft, fluffy hair that doesn't seem to be affected by grease and muck but just stays messy and comfortable all the time. I sigh contently, squeezing the smaller man against me and taking in his warmth.
I first found out i had wings on my fifth birthday, so it was really really recently. There were aches in my back and suddenly feathers started pouring out of them. I couldn't let papa know so i hid the feathers in my bedroom, stuffing them under the mattress. Maybe it was because i liked angels so much that i started growing wings, or maybe it was because i wanted to grow wings so badly that it just happened. Yes, that was probably it.
"What is it?"
"Right, kicking me out already?" He asks, grinning and winking at me.
"When i went to hug you i accidenly chucked the ring." She says, standing up and started to look around on the grass.
“Don’t think like that brother.” He comes over to me and places a hand on my shoulder. “Is there anything that may make you feel any better?”
“VALENTINA!” He cried of happiness but she didn’t even glance at him, as if she could not see nor hear him at all. She just skipped around the flower beds and picked the flowers before putting them in her basket while humming the nursery rhyme that he used to sing to her when she was just a babe.
I look at baby girl with love and affection and smile so brightly. Broader then I have done in such a long time as my heart fills with love for the beautiful baby in my arms. I had to think of a name for her and right on the spot, just there I thought of one that fit her perfectly. This little girl brought love back into my heart so I leaned in to whisper in her ear.
“Alright, what is it?” She turns to me and asks before Dean can even shut the door.
“I see two boys Albert.” The king scoffed, looking between me and Gabriel.
"It's a girl." I snap and she just shrugs.
“Well, I’m not being horrible but shouldn’t your grace be kind of… dim by now?” He asks me and I shrug.
“All set, we can move.” I say to him simply before walking off and going to my beautiful black Impala. I stroked her mane and this seemed to calm me down enormously before I hopped on her saddle, whistles for my army to pack up and follow me before setting off, back to Lawrence.
“Soon to be majesty.” I retort back and she laughs.
"How did you get in here? How did you even get in the camp?"
. Of course he has a wife Dean, he’s a king!
“You’re lying.” I snarl at him and he shrugs his shoulders.
Dean (POV)
“I love you too.”
"Will you kiss me?" I look at her in surprise and she has the faintest of blushes on her face.
"I will bury her." I say, not looking at the demon.
"Like hell you are, you're way too young to be in a way Sammy."
“There is nothing wrong with being merciful Dean, nothing wrong at all. All the best people are merciful.” I look up at him and he smiles back down at me. I stand back up again and hug him tightly. He stills for a second before wrapping his own arms around me. I finally let him go and lean down to kiss him gently.
No stranger would it be
"Okay Val, please come downstairs when you're ready." Pops says softly. He was always the calm and gentle one. As if he was still the brilliant king of the angels he once was so long ago.
We were out finding the angels for a whole two weeks before we finally gave up and rode home. I got to the gates and was greeted by Anna who looked like she had been worried.
"Kiss you?"
“If I could kiss you for the last time?” I mumble out, scraping my shoe on the ground and looking anywhere but at his piercing beautiful eyes. He doesn’t answer me and I can feel a lump forming in my throat and, oh hell no, I was not going to shed them stupid salty tears again, no way. I felt a hand on my cheek and Castiel turned my face towards him so I had no choice but to look at him. He smiled sadly before putting his other hand on my other cheek and stepping closer towards me. I lean down but let him lean up towards me, kissing my mouth sweetly. I close my eyes and immediately melt into the soft kiss that Castiel had placed on my lips. It was perfect and the only thing that was wrong with it was the fact that it ended too quickly.
"Yes."
"What will he do?" Dean asks quickly,shuffling uncomfortably in his seat. God frowns and leans back in his chair slight, scratching his chin in ponder.
"Your highness." I reply back, bowing slightly. He chuckles and shakes his head.
"Yeah, well that angel daddy of yours is over a billion and your demon daddy is only 40 so...." I shrug and her smile widens.
“How do you know?”
"You killed her?" He nods. "Did you know what she was?" He nods again. "Why?"
"You said you'd tell him that I was yours now. You promised." He choked out and I looked down at my feet in shame.
"Fúck yoúrself onto my fingérs, your majesty." I growl at him viciously and he móans loudly before rócking his híps backwards and forwards onto my fingers. To his surprise I slíp another one in and he hisses at how sudden it was but soon gets used to the added finger and tightér space. He moves around my fingers faster and I curl them to try and find his swéet spot and when I finally do he cálls out my name, which is like music to my ears.
"Isn't that a girl's name?" I retort and he smiles and shrugs.
“If only??” I question him, grabbing onto his long tan cloak.
“Pleasepleasepleasepleaseplease.” He says over and over again but I shake my head.
He started rocking his hips, backwards and forwards slowly but i begin moving my own him, rocking backwards onto him and he móans loudly so quickens his pace. He reached a hand around my waist and wrapped his hand around my penís and squezed it lightly before pumpíng up and down.
“I know you are, but I promise you we will be happy.” I tell him, planting a soft kiss on his lips and he melts into it straight away, bringing his hands down to my waist and holding me there. “Can I see Val?” I ask after we part and he nods his head before turning around and walking out of the study with me following closely behind. We go down the spiral staircase and towards the courtyards where I assumed Val would be. We walk outside to the beautiful courtyard and I see her playing with Gabriel, making a flower crown for him while he moodily sits on the ground and lets her put flowers and plat’s in his hair. She looks up at us and gasps before running over to me and jumping on me, squealing loudly.
"Hurts." Was all he said and I hummed in agreement.
Cas (POV)
"NO DEAN WAIT!" I hiss and he stops and looks at me in surprise. "I'm where i am supposed to be right now. You need to listen to me and know that i am so sorry."
"Lucy." I snort and shake my head while he raises an eyebrow at me.
"What was she then, a human?" I ask incredulously but he shakes his head again.
"Oh, poor little red. Your innocence in ruined." He grinned wolfishly and i nod my head.
"I'm going to protect him of I see Gabriel, I'm going to fight of any demon that comes near my friend." He is so stubborn in his way of thinking that I almost smile at his ignorance.
“Too bad, it’s easier to say anyway.”
"What if they don't want to be saved?" I ask him and he sighs and rubs his eyes.
I couldn't stop the different thoughts running through my head. Part of me wanted to kill Castiel for falling to sleep in my room last night and yet part of me also wanted to wrap my arms around him and bury my head in his chest. I didn't know what to think or feel and I suppose that he probably thought I was being cold this morning because I had completely ignored him. I didn't exactly mean to it was just the fact that I couldn't find the right words for what I wanted to say. I didn't even know what I wanted to say. Before anything else I took a couple of hours to myself, just walking around the grounds and thinking about anything and everything before I walked into the kings quarters to find Samuel sat with the court jester whom I had met a few days ago.
"You look cute..." I start but get stopped when the too large crown falls down his head and over his eyes. I burst out laughing once again and he straightens it back up, grinning madly. "Yeah, you look cute in them but frankly I prefer you without any clothes on."
"M'lady." I murmur out before standing up straight and looking at her.
“WHERE IS THE KING?!” I scream at some demons and they yelp and hurry off quickly. After a few minutes of me scaring all the demons out of the great hall the double doors open and Dean comes hurrying out towards me, looking shocked and surprised to see me there.
With that he grabs his leggings and casual tunic from the chair and slips into them quickly. He turns to leave but before he goes out the door he spins around to look at me. I'm now sat up in the bed, leaning on my elbows and looking at him expectantly. He looks like he is about to say something but closes his mouth tightly and spinning back around to walk away from me. I sighed and slid out of his comfortable bed, shivering against the cold morning air slightly. I didn't need to get changed as I was already wearing the bit of fabric across my waist but I couldn't help but wish we had something to go over our chests just to block out some of the cold. I started cleaning up Deans chambers slowly, knowing that the demon cook will just ask me to do it later on anyway. Dean had said that he was going to speak to the king about me being his slave and I really hoped he would keep his promise, I didn't want to go back to the kings chambers, not one bit.
"Hello." I reply in a timid voice, playing with my hands as i didn't take my eyes off the strange boy.
“I know you’re disappointed in me son, for falling for an angel-“
I pace my room, twiddling my thumbs angrily when I get the call from Crowley about joining the demon army. I remember what Leliel said about surprising Castiel's army and killing them all and frankly I don't want to be part of that but I have to be. The fight will last for weeks and I had time to get my demons ready and march them into battle but I don't want to take more odds against Cas. I decide to do it because if I don't, there will be problems for me. I needed the respect of my kingdom and if I didn't march my demons in to help Crowley I would lose all that respect that my father built up for me during all those years. I sigh, sit at my study desk and start writing a letter of command to the general of my army to give to him and get them all ready.
“We are ready for this war Castiel.” I stand up angrily and walk towards him, standing right in front of him and sneer.
“Those angels in the alleyway, why did you let them go?” He asked again and my eyes went wide.
"So, Lucifer is going to come and ruin our lives in a few years’ time." I say glumly and Dean nods.
-18 years later- 7989 BC.
"Fight for your king! Fight for your queen! Fight for yourselves!" I hear Anael cry out to the angels and with that they run, run as fast as they can towards any demon they can get their hands on. They carried no weapons but their nails were filed into sharp claws that had venom laced within them. They wore no armour, but rather leather straps to cover their skin and hold knives in case of their nails snapped. Within the women I saw my wife, carrying two long blades and cutting through the demons to try and get to me. I shove through the crowds and grab her arm to pull her out of the war that was raging on.
"Yes your majesty." Was all Michael murmured, looking back down to his feet.
"I know you're frightened Leliel but you're wrong. You don't know him like i know him." I say and she looks at me in frustration.
"We have captured two very important demons my king, you may want to check for yourself however." I look at Leliel who is still sat back on the bed with her hands behind her back. She looks back at me and shrugs her shoulders.
"You've slept with a demon bitch?" She said harshly and my face hardened.
"Shut up."
Sure i was meant to be like this, to be beautiful and she was meant to be infactuated with me but she was never meant to fall in love with me. It was probably because i left it too long to kill her. I should have done it the first year i met her. It would have been so much easier for both me, her and everyone else involved. I sigh and pinch the bridge of my nose, getting up to fly off when i see a vision of red out of the corner of my eye. I turn to face the young woman in front of me, he whole body was ridged and straight and i could tell she was taking careful steps around me.
"Go back to the camp." I hiss but he shakes his head.
No stranger would it be
I had just finished dancing with all the eligible bachelorettes in the bloody kingdom and was now drinking my way through the wine and mead that was placed all along the buffet table. It was time to have fun.
"I could show you what to do tonight, I could seduce and sard, or fuck as you call it, you tonight and you can imitate me another night."
"What happened?" I shouted at one of my guards while he chopped off demons heads.
"I know, his name is Alistair and he was a loyal servant to me when he came down to the castle. He isn't very smart though so we have nothing to worry about. Have you put the guard over me and Valentina?" I nod at him. "Good, if he see's you all he will see is another human that looks as poor as dirt. Just as long as he doesn't see me i think we are safe." My shoulders relax a little but i can't shake the tight feeling in my chest that told me that this was dangerous.
“Our baby, it’s a girl.” He says and I bring a hand up to my mouth before sobbing with happiness.
"No, Aneal. That is not the case. I know the reason why the prince is the way he is but I do not wish to speak about it. Was there anything else before we send you on your way. As disrespectful as you are for leaving us, I will not make you stay." He looks at me seriously and I gulp.
“I just came through the servants entrance and they didn’t say a word.”
Dada says that King's Castiels wings are the only one of its kind. He says that he is the only angel with pure black wings, and the only angel who's wingspan was over 12ft. Most angels have their wingspan at six feet per wing but apparently King Castiel's wingspan was seven or eight feet. It made me feel all warm inside when i thought about angels or King Castiel, i wasn't sure why but it made me feel safe that angels were in the world. Dada told me never to be scared of angels but instead to be wary of them. Never trust them until you know you can but oh how i wished i could meet one. It would be my dream.
"That's not what i meant! I love it, i really do!"
“You used to be so fit and healthy.” He jokes and I roll my eyes at him before punching his arm.
"Enough!" I shout and Gabriel backs away even though he literally can't anymore because of the door.
“You’re eager.” I growl and he whines before gripping my hips and sliding his hands around and grab my ass in his hands. I lean down to kiss him gently before sliding his own tunic and blouse off slowly and trailing kisses down his body and towards his abdomen. I bit into the elastic on his leggings and slid them down with my teeth and he groaned as his erectíon was released of the clothing. I pulled them off the rest of the way before climbing back up him and kissing him again passionately, one hand holding his hip and the other one running through his messy hair. He wraps his legs around me and pulls me down closer towards him so our erectíons brush against one another’s, making us both moan and buck slightly towards each other. I hadn’t been felt like this in so long and being with Castiel made it so much better, his body heat flowing from him and his smell was intoxicating.
We had to move early the next day to get as far away from both kingdoms as possible. Castiel scouted ahead by flying while me and Valentina rode by horse, following Castiel as we went. If we were seen, people would be suspicious so we had to be very careful. Valentina was getting tired of all the travelling and after the third day she got in a strop and walked off for a bit. Castiel was going to follow her but i held him back and shook my head.
My eyes drifted open slowly and I yawned slightly before making sense of my surroundings, the visions of last night coming back to memory. I was still in the princes bed wrapped up in quilts, covers and his arms. I looked to the right of me and saw him, eyes closed and breathing in and out gently through the small parting of his mouth. I watched him for a short while before his own eyes started fluttering open showing nothing but the glittering black instead of his beautiful green ones. However the black slipped out of his eyes and they were back to normal in seconds, looking at me like they were bearing right into my soul. There was no expression on his face and his eyes were flat so I couldn't tell what he was thinking or feeling lying next to me, a slave, in his own bed. He rolled over suddenly so he was lying on his back and rubbed his eyes to try and get the sleep out of them. I took my arms and legs away from him thinking that maybe he didn't want them on him but he didn't say anything at all. I wish I had my powers so I could read what he was thinking because I was finding it really hard by just trying to read the expressions on his face. He sat up in bed and looked over to the window which showed the bright sun bearing through it. I noticed that on his arm was a dark handprint and I gulped slightly, hoping that he wouldn't notice that I left a mark on him. It was strange to see the burn on his arm and I wondered how I had got enough power to mark him, especially when my powers were completely drained. He got up and walked over to the window stark naked, showing me his perfect everything, before peering out of it and looking at the position of the sun to see what time it was.
"You're right, you wouldn't have."
"I told you not to go out there unless you're either with me or papa Val." He tells me and i roll my eyes.
“That’s impossible.” He muttered, shaking his head.
The next day, she walks into the clearing with a tinge of a blush on her face and looks around in awe, gasping at the flowers. I laugh loudly a begin to say;
“For being the only person to ever speak to me like I’m normal. For being the only person to be able to put me in my place and for people the only angel who has the balls to speak the truth.” I smash my lips on his again and start pushing him into my bedroom. I hoisted him up onto my waist before placing him down on my bed gently, climbing on top of him. Our lips didn’t part one as I started to take of my tunic and leggings but I completely forgot about the crown on my head that I had placed on earlier. It fell on Castiel and he jumped as the cold metal hit his head. We parted lips and he picked up the crown and grinned up at me. He sat up and placed the crown on his head before looking at me.
"But killing the queen in cold blooded murder... Cas that's really deep. They know that you're going to have the whole kingdom out looking for whoever killed her and kidnapped your little girl, I don't know if they would be willing to risk that."
"So, you have a wife?" He asks and i look up at him and nod slightly.
"The lord, he's a demon. What is he like?" My heart started to beat faster in my chest as i looked up to the manor that overlooked the whole town. A demon ruled this village? I wasn't expecting that.
Cas (POV)
“I beg your pardon?”
Finally, Castiel got to the front of the queue and ordered a small cake and a nice latte to drink inside the store. He waited for his drink and cake, tapping his fingers on the counter absentmindedly as the women finally put his drink on his tray, along with his cake and he went to go and sit down. However, the only available seat actually left was a small, two-seater table right next to the business men. No reason this was the only table available, they were being so loud that no one in their right minds would want to sit anywhere near them
My heart was beating hard in my chest and my ears were red with anger. Tears were pouring down my face and made my eyes blurry but I didn’t care. I ran down the study steps and towards the kitchen where I stuffed a load of food into a bag. I collected sheets and equipment I would need for the journey and long with some timber to light a fire if I needed it. I would have to stay close to a stream in case I went into labour which I knew would be very soon. I could feel my daughter pressing down on my stomach as if telling me she didn’t want to leave but she didn’t understand, we had to leave. I rubbed my stomach as if to say everything would be alright but I didn’t know that.
"They're... harsh." I say, looking back to the woman. "But he pays good so..." She smiles and nods and i thank her one last time before looking back up to the manor and gulping slightly. We had to get out of here as fast as possible. I ran around the rest of the market, picking up bits and peices that we needed before finding Dean and Valentina, still in the same spot and watching the puppet play again. Dean looked bored out of his skull as he had his cheek his his hand and his elbow on his knee while he hunched onto the small chairs that were made for children but at least Valentina looked as if she was enjoying it.
"Yes, sure! Go get ready." Dean said quickly and i look at him annoyed. He shrugs and looks at me in a way to say; 'what else was i meant to say?' as Val cheers and bounds off the bed and back out of the room, not shutting the door behind her.
“KIND?!” He shouts and I turn around and try and crawl away from him but he drags me back down to lay on my back as he straddles my hips to keep me in place. “I am not kind.” He spits and I look at him angrily. I wasn’t having this, no way. I spin us around and hold him down while he struggles beneath me.
"What in heaven's name are you wearing?"
"I'm not." She says, looking back at me and smilng. "How was it?"
"Who told you about that balcony?" I ask her but not unkindly, just curiously.
Castiel entered the shop, the bell at the door jingling, surprised to find that the shop was quite busy. He sighs and lines up in the long queue, waiting to be called to a till so he can buy a drink and sit down for a little while, preparing himself for today. He heard loud talking from a table nearby and men all dressed in suits were all talking loudly about some business of some sort. Castiel just rolled his eyes at the humans and the worry for money tried ignoring the business men that for some unknown reason got on his nerves.
“That’s my daddy.” I say quietly and he lets out a loud sob before bringing his hand to his mouth and keeling over slightly as if he is about to be sick. “Are you okay?” He shakes his head and holds out his hand for me to take.
It should be easy to find out how to do it, it should be easy to just get it over and done with. I should have done it on the first day i ever met her, it would have made the whole situation so much easier. I opened my mouth to speak to her but she moved towards me quickly and suddenly her lips were pressed against mine.
I am such an idiot. Castiel is going to kill me. I just told his wife that he said he as in love with me and now he is going to try and hunt me down and torture me- and not even the good kind of torture! I groaned loudly before sitting down on my bed and putting my face in my hands.
“DADA YES!” I laugh as I pick her up and place her in her cot. She gives me an adorable lip pout and I just pout back before kissing her on the head, laying her down and trying to walk out of the room.
“Fell in love with some demon apparently. Don’t really know.” She snorted and Castiel shook his head sadly. “Ain’t you getting married?”
"I'm the king and overlord of angels, Dean. I'm Castiel, ruler of the Angel army."
"Stop teasing." He complained and I chuckled lightly.
"Finally!" He snapped and I rolled my eyes.
"I'm not going to kill you." I sa quickly without even thinking and realising soon after that i actually meant every word of it.
“I don’t want to get married father, why can’t I rule by myself?”
"Doesn't look like you're alone." She says, stepping around me and walking over to Dean. "Hello, I'm Leliel, Queen of the Angels."
“I don’t want to marry.” Castiel said loudly to Gabriel, stomping his feet. I don’t like the woman you chose for me, she’s annoying and self-obsessed and annoying.
"She was a human?" Sam and Dean ask at the same time and I turn to look at Michael who is staring at the floor blankly before turning back around to look at them and shaking my head.
“Dean, stop it!” Papa said loudly, walking over to me and hugging me. “You’re getting angry for no reason.”
“I’m not going to give up on us you know. If there is only a slight chance that you may fall back in love with me then I’m going to take that chance because I will not throw our marriage away on a mistake or a misinterpretation of feelings.” I turn back around to him again and he is looking at me with those big blue eyes of his that made me fall in love with him the first time around. His tears are making them sparkle slightly and it takes all my effort to look away from them. “I don’t know how I’m going to do it but I at least have to try.”
“You don’t? Why in heavens name not?”
"Sire, I believe a baby is crying in your room!" He explains and I nod at him and look back at baby girl
As soon as she grasped my hand in hers, electricity went through my body like a lightning bolt goes through a tree. Goosebumps cover my whole body and my eyes go wide, so i look at her and gulp slightly. She looks shy and timid, wondering whether to let go of my hand or not but she keeps clinging on, waiting for me to say something.
“Yes, I do actually.” I say nodding slightly but keeping my face neutral.
I look at my father in shock and I’m at a loss for words. King? Already? I didn’t know if I was ready for that yet but I had been training for this position all of my life. I gulped and nodded at my father and he stood up and patted me on my back. He then walked over to Sam and rubbed his hair, making Sam give him a roll of his eyes and a pouted look.
“Yes.” She replied simply, still smiling at me kindly, He golden hair was long and drifted along the water. “Who are you?” She asks me as I sit down on the bank infront of her.
"Rude." We then fall into silence, standing there and sipping our drinks slowly before my study door creeped open and Leliel walked in. I smiled at her and straightned up, beckoning her in.
“Yes your highness.” I keep circling my hips and he grabs hold of them, not knowing what else to do with his hands. His eyes are tightly shut and I decide to use this to my advantage, bringing my face down to his once again and kissing him square on the lips. He doesn’t pull back or flinch but instead starts kissing me back eagerly, wanting more. He bucks his hips up but I hold them down, firmly in place.
"Dean, i have to tell you something. Something important." I say seriously, walking over to the bars and putting my hands over his, leaning my face through the gaps.
"Castiel, why don't you introduce me to your guest." She says to me, blushing lightly at Dean's actions.
"I haven't been in here since Leliel died." I tell him outside my chambers, looking at the door sadly.
“Don’t ask me where she got that attitude from.”
“Amazing! I know!” She giggles and I laugh humourlessly. She frowns at me and walks over to me slowly before sitting on the bed next to me. “Are you okay? You’ve seemed a bit off all day.”
"Your mother-" I walk closer to them before coming to a stop in front of them both. "She wasn't a demon."
"You are such a little-"
“I’m a bit busy Leliel.” She grunts and I shake my head and look at her sternly.
After hours of pain, she was out. In the world with her big bright blue eyes and wavy dark hair. I looked at her as I washed her and wrapped her in a warm blanket and all I could see in her was Castiel. I cried then, I cried so hard at the fact that he couldn’t meet her. I was so weak also, I couldn’t move and I knew if a demon, troll or ogre came I wouldn’t be able to fight them off. I would try but I knew I wouldn’t succeed. I couldn’t let my daughter go about this world alone so I stayed alive for her, holding her in my weak arms as I cradled her to my chest. I tried feeding her multiple times and each time she complied, suckling on my breast.
“I know it may seem like a strange request but I was just wondering if…” I stop for a moment and look at the angel who had stolen my heart.
I get back to the castle quickly enough and straight away I send out guards and military to try and find my daughter. Next I send out a messenger into the city to spread the message about anyone who finds my daughter will get any reward they wanted within reason. I spoke to Gabriel and Michael who genuinely seem so worried about my daughter's disappearance and they said that they would do anything to help. I sent Michael out with the military and Gabriel came with me along with my two bodyguards; Balthazar and Uriel. We fly out of the castle and go back to the area where I last saw Leliel, picking up her body and taking it back to the angel city. We decided to give her a proper funeral, in the great hall where anyone could come and pay their respects. The casket was closed as she had already been dead for a week or so but we covered her whole coffin in beautiful white lilies that were her favourite flower but also a good reputation of her wings and her personality. Pure, kind and beautiful.
"Gabe!" Sam warned and Gabriel bit his tongue, both of us glaring at each other viciously.
"Ergh, what is this?" He asked himself angrily, looking at the tears on the back of his hands.
“Have it your way then.” I grin evilly and turned my eyes that sickly black of a demon’s. It was only a mind trick really, no power went into it but it did the trick. He let go of me and backed away slightly to I advanced on him. “What’s wrong? Cat got your tongue?”
"Thank you." She says and He smiles widely before standing up straight and walking slowly towards me and Dean who were stood rigid at the sight of our daughter receiving a gift from my God. Dean looked as if he was about to burst into a ball of flames at the presence of him, his eyes had turned pitch black, blacker then I had ever seen them. There was no shine to them, just dull blackness like a black void had filled him. It was His presence that had made Dean's eyes turn, Lucifer was Deans God after all and being in the presence of mine made him extremely uncomfortable and unsafe.
“It doesn’t matter any way; he would never be with me. He’s the king of angels and I’m going to be the king of demons.” I look back up to father who is shaking his head at me.
"Oh my Lucifer! Seriously? Would you just keep your mouth shut for a second otherwise I swear to the devil I will have you hung, drawn and quartered." I shut my mouth tightly and pouted moodily. "Thank you! Anyway as I was saying, I need your help-"
“I’m sorry kid. Demons and angels just aren’t friends.” He pats me on the back, gives me a small sad little smile and then walks away from me, leaving me feeling crappier about everything then I did do earlier this morning. But I wasn’t going to give up on making him my friend. It may be law that angels and demons shouldn’t fraternise like that but I wasn’t going to let my father’s silly laws stop me. Besides, he said so him that I should make friends with an angel and that is exactly what I was going to make Gabriel do. Make him become friends with me.
Castiel shamelessly burst into tears right in the middle of the coffee shop bathroom, tears spilling onto the tiled floors as his loud sobs echo through the toilets. Dean didn’t know what to do at first; surprised to see Castiel so emotional because of seeing him but also wanting to run to him and hug him so tightly, he would stop crying, and that is exactly what Dean Winchester did.
"It won't hurt to go into a human village, we are extremely far away from either kingdoms and it would take them weeks to get here." He tells me in a defeated voice and i frown but nod anyway.
“Gabriel?” I say seriously when we both stop laughing.
"Dean... I think you're crying." Sam says, eyes going wide.
"Well, I'd watch her carefully. I still don't trust her all that much." I tell him and he nods in understanding before patting me on the back.
"Anael, what are you doing here?" He asks, walking around his desk and standing in front of me.
It wasn't a bad kind of electricity, it was exciting, it was... different. I hadn't felt this kind of power before. It must be the power running through her and onto me, if so, i would keep holding her hand until i sap the energy out of her.
“I’m not your real father, Val.” I tell her slowly and carefully and she looks back at me in confusion. “I found you by a river and your real mother had died and drifted off down the stream. I took you home with me and brought you up but I promise you I love you like you’re my own daughter.”
"Are you sure? You don't look it... what is that water on your face?" He asks, pointing towards my tear-streaked face.
"Isn't that a boy's name?"
“Dean…” he starts but I manage to cut him off.
-A year later-
-another year later- *Valentina's 18th birthday*
"What sort of experience?" I asked suspiciously and he gave me that look to say 'are you being serious right now'. "Oh..."
"I-m- shocked." I say finally, eyes still wide. "I'm, surprised."
I get out of the angel kingdom quickly and efficiently but before riding off completely I look back at the looming castle, a single tear slipping out of my eye.
“I’ve seen it in a mirror.” Castiel snaps and the woman tilts her head in confusion just like Castiel usual does.
“I wouldn’t do that if I where you.” I warn him and he looks at me in confusion. “I’ve done it before and she got really angry with me, emptied the bag and started again.” He laughs slightly and shakes his head before looking back at him in adoration. Finally after a long and stressful experience of having to watch Valentina pack all her things neatly in her bag she finally shuts the latch on it and picks it up, or at least tries to but it proves a bit to heavy for her. I walk over to her and pick it up for her instead and she smiles at me gratefully before skipping over to Castiel and holding onto his hand.
Castiel pulled away from Dean and Dean watched as Castiel swallowed and smirked at him, the corners of his mouth twitching up mischievously. Dean shook his head and shuddered with the after-math of pleasure before reaching out a hand and pulling Castiel back up to meet him face to face. Dean then pulled his trousers back up and went back to looking at Castiel who was stood close to him. He put his hands on the dark haired man’s waist and once again put his forehead against his, sighing contently.
“Y-e-e-s-s.” He says, dragging out the word suspiciously as I scruff the floor with my shoe.
“Why do you keep calling me kid?” I ask curiously and he pats me on the shoulder.
“Shit Dean!” He cried out loudly and I shut him up my kissing him roughly and my fíngers brushed against his próstate a few times. He held onto the back of my head tightly, running his hands through my hair and throwing his head back and arching his back while a strained tear slipped from his eyes and ran towards the mattress.
I didn’t know why we had to leave when other people came out but I looked at the other children who were playing in the streets with envy as I got dragged back into the woods without a backwards glance. However, I couldn’t fault that when I looked at papa and dada, I couldn’t help but feel happy. They looked at each other with a sparkle in their eyes and smiles on their faces. They looked at me in the same way but there was something different in their eyes when they looked at each other like that. That is the reason I didn’t like them arguing, because when they argues, the light in their eyes flickered as if it was about to go out. However, they did not argue regularly, only sometimes when all they needed was a bit of space from one another.
"Nothing." She goes quiet and just nods her head, pursing her lips.
“I could hear her last night.” He tells me, a faint smile coming to his lips as he looks down at the floor and shrugs. “Not her thoughts per-say but there was something there that told me she was girl. I’m not too sure on what it was though.” I walk back over to him and get his hand, putting it on my stomach. I watch him closely but he isn’t looking at me but rather concentrating on my stomach with his eyebrows furrowed and a small squint in his eye. He looks confused, as if he is trying to listen for something that isn’t there and it begins to get me worried. Suddenly he starts laughing loudly and takes his hand away from me which makes me even more confused.
“What? It is already spoiled!” She was about to say something else when the doors burst open and in came a regal and harsh looking demon. I assumed this was the king by the way the demon cook bowed and sputtered, backing away from him.
"Sam is probably celebrating, having parties with you not there." I laugh and he laughs himself before shaking his head.
"Eh, Urm, alright. Yeah we'll do that." He stutters out and I smirk at him before wrapping my arms around his waist and grabbing his bottom. He gasped slightly and I said;
"Oh i do."
“Well I’m telling it again you rude little-“
"maybe because you promised to do something and you didn't do it before it was already too late?" He said sarcastically before pushing past me and Sam and running after his brother. Sam looked at me angrily.
“I know there are angels here among you; I know they can pretend to be humans. My warning to them is to keep their head down because my father will not rest until he finds you and enslaves you.” I then turn my horse around and ride out of the gates, after my father.
"Are you a fucking idiot?" I snap out and the whole hall goes quiet, waiting for me to speak again. The mans eyes widen and he gulps while his lips tremble. "You kidnap the princes just when we find out that the demons have found a way to kill us. You kidnap them when we are no where near ready to have a fully fledged war with the demons and you kidnap them even though they are both young? Are you crazy!"
"I'll come when you call my highness." He said to me and bowed down before walking out of the room and chambers altogether.
"Something happened, i needed to be alone." I say and she looks behind me at Dean who was looking between us looking confused.
"Do you not care about the other angels?"
"You carrying that basket, you make a very beautiful woman Castiel." He jokes and i mumble under my breath.
"Me?" I nod at him and he looks confused but at the same time grateful. "Why?"
After that, we were extremely careful about letting Valentina out on her own but she was a very stubborn child. She was always going out of sight and popping back up a minute later on the other side of the forest. Nothing me or Dean said stopped her from being the most adventurous child. Nevertheless we kept a stern eye on her at all times through the years. Everything seemed to run smoothly.
"But, you're satan."
"Thank you." I mutter out. "So how's Anna?"
“What’s wrong Castiel?” Leliel asked me and she rubbed my shoulders to try and get me to relax. I shake my head and close my eyes tiredly before answering her question.
“Come with me.” I then take him upstairs to our chambers and he looks at me in confusion.
“How do you-?” He turns around and starts walking in the opposite direction to me, clearly noticing the mistake he made. “HOW DO YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?” I scream after him but he rounds the corner and disappears out of sight, leaving the tipped over bucket on the floor.
“Well, the good news is every single demon in the world is now terrified of you.” Gabriel says, trying to look on the bright side of life. I give him an unsuccessful smile before pouring myself another glass of whiskey.
Castiel was the first one to pull away, obviously realising his stupid mistake and blushing in embarrassment for showing such a weakness in the eyes of a demon, even if that demon was the only person he had ever truly been in love with. Castiel wiped his tear streaked cheeks and sniffed, looking away from Dean but what Dean did next surprised Castiel.
“I see.”                 I mumble out and lean on the desk, not wanting to turn around to look at my wife due to the tears threatening to fall down my cheeks. I sniff slightly and turn around to walk out of my chambers all together, she calls out to me but I ignore her and carry on walking out and towards the great hall where I plop myself down on my throne and twirl my crown around my fingers.
The hall goes quiet while Sam and Dean stand there glaring at each other. I look at Gabriel who has a look of pure shock on his face then at Michael who looks sad.
“To talk to you. In private.” I state simply, looking dead into his blue eyes to let him know that I meant business. Castiel bit the inside of his cheek, contemplating my request before he finally nodded and beckoned me forward to follow him. He told the other angels to go back to their daily business and they looked confused at his demand but did as he said anyway. We walked in silence towards Castiel’s study and all I could keep thinking about was Valentina and where she was at the current time. She probably had no idea what was going on outside her little imaginary world, she probably had no idea that Castiel was her real father and I had only found her by the river. We walked up the long stone spiral staircase and finally entered the study which looked exactly as it had done all those years ago. Castiel walks over to his drinks cabinet and gets out two glasses before pouring us both a glass of Shandy each and then handing on to me before looking at me expectantly.
“F-fuck Cas! I-I’m gonna come!” Dean panted out, sweat dripping from his forehead. It wasn’t long after that that he reached his climax, pulling Castiel’s head further towards him as if he wasn’t already deep-throating him. Castiel clutched Dean’s waist tightly to stop him from sliding down the cubicle wall as Dean came into his mouth as if he hadn’t been touched like this in… well, ten thousand years.
The voice was eerily beautiful and it sent me into a sort of daze, almost as if i wanted to fall to sleep but i resited the urge. I walked out from behind the tree and started walking to wear the person was singing the lullaby. I wasn't scared but i was steady and careful while walking towards the sound that kept getting that tiniest bit louder as i approached. There was a beautiful purple light coming from one of the clearings of the trees so i walked towards it and knew instantly the music was coming from there.
"We don't actually think that they set the troll on her to kill her, we believe that they wanted to kill the baby." I clicked my tongue on the roof of my mouth annoyingly and started pacing the room.
"I thought you locked it." I accuse and he shrugs and laughs. "How is that funny, we have scarred her for life!"
“Yes!” We have this argument almost every single night. I tell her to go to bed, she tells me ‘no’ I say yes. She says no and so on.
“I don’t mind it that much young demon.”
“Who shall I say is calling?”
“Really? Didn’t think the king was the type to… you know.”
"I hope so." He kisses me gently and i melt instantly into it, pressing my body against his against the door. I extend my arm out and find the doorknob and twist it open, pushing him inside the room eagerly and unbuttoning his white shirt as he fumbles around with mine as our lips are still pressed together. His tongue slides into my mouth and shivers go down my spine as he takes control, spinning us around so he is pushing me towards our bed. I grin at him and he smirks back before shoving my backwards so i land on the bed with a soft thump. He climbs on top of me and i run a hand down his chest and abs until my hands slips under the waistband of his leggings.
“How did you get in here?” The King hissed at me and I shrugged.
"Seduce me?" I laugh and he glares at me.
"Dear, no. My dearest Anna..." He laughs and I growl. "Why did you cross out her name then write it again?"
Castiel reluctantly sat down at the table which was by the window and started sipping on his coffee, the hot milk burning his tongue slightly on the way in. He grimaced and ate a bit of the cake to cool his tongue down a bit. The cake was lemon and tasted absolutely delicious. He had to remember to get the recipe for this before he left, it was probably one of the nicest cakes he had every tried.
"Thank you! You're not making this situation any easier!" With that he laughs his arse out of the room leaving me to grumble to myself about kings and princes.
“KILL ME THEN!” She screams over and over again. “KILL ME YOU BASTARD!” I hold onto her wrists and push her against a wall to corner her.
“No!”
"Not too close to the border." I finish for him, giggle and running up to hug him around the middle. "Thank you thank you thank you!" I cry before skipping out of the room. I loved going into the woods, and i know father says not too close to the border but that's my favourite part. The border is where all the fairies are.
His thoughts were cut off by a laugh from the business table but this wasn’t just any laugh. Castiel’s whole body went suddenly rigid and he slowly started turning his head to look towards the table of suited up business men. He didn’t notice the first three his eyes laid eyes on, they all looked like regular humans but the forth… he would recognise the forth one anyway. For the first time in over 10,000 years, Castiel laid his eyes on the freckled face of Dean Winchester.
“What do you want Crowley?” I ask and his lips thinned slightly out of annoyance.
“What do you mean?” He asks bluntly and I gulp.
I slid behind the painting, it was the only way to get out of the palace without being seen. I needed to get the word out. I travelled along the dark and tight spaces that led out of the regal castle, brushing spiders and cobwebs out of my face as I went. My long and expensive dress was tight around my body and this contrasted with the tight space I was travelling down made me feel extremely claustrophobic. I hadn't been able to get out of the palace for three whole weeks down to the fact that Prince Dean had wanted to see me almost every day. The more I learnt about him the more of a mystery he became. I questioned him on angels and when he spoke about them he had softness in his voice unlike that of his fathers. I had also spoken to his younger brother about the angel situation and he seemed to be far too intrigued with them, turning the questions around on me and trying to make me tell him everything I knew about angels. Of course I couldn't tell him too much otherwise I might have given myself away. I couldn't afford that at this time so I just decided to let the matter drop.
I see a troll bending over a lifeless body and start running towards it, screaming bloody murder. It tries to fight me but one clawing of my powerful hand, i rip it's heart right out and make it explode, leaving no remnents of it apart from the skin, bones and blood that made the trees turned red with its blood. I look down on Valentina who was sprawled among the red roses, blood gushing from her body.
"I hate you!" She screams and i frown when she begins smackng my chest. "I hate you!!"
"My thanks. I must say it's strange to hear you speak to eloquently, and dressed as much also. His eyes travelled down my body before slowly coming back up to my face. I lean back on my desk and take a sip of my drink coolly, raising an eyebrow at him.
"What?" She asks incrediously.
Cas (POV)
Today was my 7th birthday and my papa had said that he had something for me so I was now on my way to go and see him, trudging down the hall as I go towards my father’s study. I was getting impatient because I had told Castiel it was my birthday today, making sure he knew to come on this day to see me because that would be the best birthday present ever, getting to listen to another one of his stories. I knock on his door politely before I enter and smile at him shyly as I walk in. He smiles back when he sees me and comes waltzing over to pick me up and hug me, swinging me around before putting me back down on the floor.
"Val, Valentina, please wake up! Please wake up i beg you. You can't be dead." I sob into her black hair. "Please." I rock her body back and forth and hear the angel and the demon talking.
"I had and still have every right to look." He starts lifting my leather fabric up at bit at the back, making sure to rub his hand on my ass but I turn around suddenly and back away from him, giving him a huge glare that clashed with his evil grin.
"Hello 'your majesty'" he snarled sarcastically and I looked back at him again, blood dripping from my mouth.
"Angry? Why would i be angry?" I ask and she bites her lip.
“Cas…”
"A male demon?"
"Go." I whisper breathlessly when he finally pulled away. He grins and nods before slipping out of the tent. I hold my heart and wipe my brow, relief finally flowing through me.
“Your majesty, we caught a demon snooping around the camp.” He called to me and my back stiffened. Oh no, they had captured Dean. I turned around slowly but to my surprise is was Samuel Winchester, being held by the scruff of his shirt as he looked at all of us with puppy dog eyes.
“You want to know why I let those angels go.” I ask and his smile drops before he nods slowly. “The truth is, they looked so helpless Cas. I mean, they didn’t have any weapons and they were just cowering away in a corner of some dirty alleyway and when they saw me and recognised me they were so scared. There were three of them, a young man, a young woman and a little girl. They were all siblings, they were dirty and feeble. They weren’t warriors Castiel, so what was the point in capturing and wasting precious chains that could be used or more important angels.”
I could hear them all talking about me. I could hear them all whispering things behind their hands but I didn’t care. I didn’t care if they thought I was going mad because maybe I was. I had been searching for my daughter for two whole years, my whole body ached for her and I was so busy looking for her that I barely showered or shaved. Two year old bags had formed under my eyes and I was so weary. Oh so weary.
Don't be stupid. He doesn't like me and he definitely doesn't love me! I lean back in the bath and sigh, letting the hot water engulf my entire being with its relaxation powers. I closed my eyes and must have fallen to sleep because the next thing I know is I'm being prodded in the nose by something which makes me wake up. I jump up quickly, completely forgetting I was in the bath and I slip and slide as the water splashes around me furiously.
Lucifer (POV) *whoooooaaaaaa wtf*
“Listen, I know you’re busy and I know you said that you never wanted to see him again but he’s an emotional wreck. I don’t know if you know but Leliel died a few years back and-“
"So, was there something you needed your highness or was it just because you enjoy the pleasure of my company?" She smiled warmly and I gently took her hand and looked her in the eyes.
"My goodness, aren't we popular? What is it about your arse that makes the royals want to eat you up?" I threw a pillow at him but it landed lamely on the floor before his feet. "Alright, I'm going."
“You’re back!” She whispered happily before flinging her arms around my neck.
“I’m definitely sure. In fact she was a bit jumpy about it, almost as if she was afraid of you.” I look at him intently to see if his face slipped or he did anything to tell me something that he was hiding but his face stayed the same, looking at me intently and seriously.
“I will fly out first and you leave through the front doors and start riding out towards the woods. We will meet you at the border. Ride as fast as you can.” I nod to his commands and he leads Valentina out of the room where as I leave it for a few minutes before following them and going down to the grand hall and walking out of the main entrance. The angels look at me suspiciously but I give them no reason to follow me, I pretend to look sad as I hop on the horse and ride out of the city without a backwards glance.
I didn’t want to leave Dean, I did really want to run away with him but I knew I just couldn’t. There were more important things at stake here then only our love to one another. I had a kingdom to rule and a daughter to raise, she was the most important thing to me at the present time, as important Dean was to me, my daughter was going to be top of my list with Dean close second. I rode home at a steady pace as I was in no rush to get back and face Leliel at the present time. I was in no rush also to keep ruling my kingdom because the whole thing was getting on my nerves anyway; the war, the mayhem, the angels and the demons. I may as well just live with the humans because they seemed like they knew how to live life exactly how they wanted to.
"Erm, i was just saying that we have some more information on what killed Leliel. We think that someone might have set a troll on her and then took the body away afterwards." He told me and i frowned.
“Enough.” I say quietly.
“God damn it.” I curse and grit my teeth, looking around at the empty wasteland. There wasn’t a single soul in sight but I knew this child had to have some food at some rate. I knew what needed to be done and that was take the child back up to the castle to have it fed. Maybe the mother would come back for it tomorrow.
"That sounds wonderful." I whisper and he laughs and nods.
"Val." I reply and he laughs again which i find quite rude. "What?"
-3 months later-
"Love you too dada." She replies, not looking up at me from the wooden toy angel she was playing with that I had carved and painted myself. I made it look like Castiel, painting in the blue eyes and black fluffy hair, I even included his large black wings and altogether id say it was a pretty good model of Cas. It was also Valentina's favourite toy, maybe it was because I made it but I couldn't help but think there was something more to her attraction with angels and her little toy version of Castiel.
"That's what I mean, they aren't normal demons. They have... Feelings is the best word to describe it." Michael nods in understanding.
"She been good?" I asked the nurse and she just shrugs and nods.
“They would kill you for that.”
"Oh my Lucifer, what has happened to you?"
"HAHAHA, OH DEAR LORD WERE YOU TWO HAVING SÉX? EW THAT'S GROSS!" She shouted and i groaned into the pillow. "Oh god, i'm leaving." She puts a hand over her eyes and walks out of the room, banging into the frame of the door a couple of times before actually leaving the room, leaving the door wide open. I sit up slowly and look at the door, waving a hand and slamming it shut before looking at Dean.
Half way to the demon city of Lawrence, I had to stop to rest my horse and myself by a long stream so we could both have a bit to drink. However when I bent down to scoop up some water in my hands I gasped and fell to my knees, gripping my stomach in pain. I screamed out in agony as I curled up into a fatal position, clutching my stomach and groaning loudly. I turned around and lay on my back before untying my dress and looking down at my stomach.
"What did you go and say that for? Where the hell are we meant to go?" I snap and he shrugs again and sigh, flicking his wrists to shut the door from where we were sat. "It's dangerous Dean, by now both the kingdoms will be out looking for us!"
"D-dean. Please!" I stutter out, biting down on my knuckles hard as my back archés off the bed. He slídes his fíngers back out of me and i whíne at the sudden loss. I look at him pleadingly and he just smiles back, cráwling above me and kíssing me softly. I hold onto the back of his head, wanting to táste every part of him in eagerness as he rumages around my móuth. He lifts my thighs up and positions himself, pressing himself against my hóle before slíding into my gently. My jaw clenches as i throw my head back slightly and he bites down on his lip hard muttering under his breath.
Fingers were running through hair and gripping onto shirts while their legs crossed with one another’s; Castiel with his right led between Dean’s and Dean’s with his left leg between Castiel’s They didn’t even care who walked in because at the end of the day, why would they? If it was someone important they could just wipe their memories anyway so they were going to be as loud as they bloody well pleased. Ten thousand fucking years without sex with each other, who expects them to be quiet?
"Yes?" I ask calmly but he looks frantic, coming into the room and pacing it wildly. "Calm down man, tell me what you know."
"Stop it Castiel, this is not funny. You leave without a word and now you think you can just come back and say that everything will be alright?" She snaps at me, walking around my bed and sitting down on it with her back facing towards me. I sigh and crawl onto the bed and sit behind her, placing my hand on her shoulder.
"Yes sir." He rolls his eyes and mutters something under his breath before giving me a glare. "I mean Your Majesty."
“Not all that bad? They are sly and mischievous bi-“
I climb back up onto the saddle and ride back home to my kingdom. It takes me three whole days to get there and when i do i realise that i hadn't had the little girl out of my head the entire ride home. She was constantly there, not so much her face but more the bright red cloak and those stunning blue eyes of hers.
I rode off, leaving my husband behind to lead his petty army. Don’t get me wrong, men angels are fantastic warriors and they are all extremely loyal but they are nothing compared to the women warriors. This was why I was on my way to find Anael, the leader of the women’s army, she had taken Mariel’s place as captain and I knew exactly where she was now because I sent her there myself to try and seduce Prince, now King Dean.
"No! No i love it. It's my favourite colour and one of the most precious stones there is, but..."
"I don't love him, no. But there is something about him Michael, he and his brother are not what I call... Normal." I pull a bit of a face and he tilts his head slightly.
“I was planning on never until queen Leliel over here came waltzing in. I’m sorry Dean, I know you love me but my job comes first.”
“NO! GET OFF ME! HOW COULD YOU?” She cries, tears pouring down her face as she starts sobbing, collapsing into my chest. “How could you do this to me?”
"Well, whats your name?"
Val (POV)
“I want to know why you let the Winchester brothers go when you had them in your grip here. You realise this is a war don’t you, so why not kill them?” He got straight to the point and slouched in my throne a bit and rested my head on my knuckles and clicked my tongue at the top of my mouth.
“Sam, how many times…”
“Yes….”
"Does that mean you have already carried out your plan my lord? You have killed the child?"
I had lost all hope that i would find my daughter, there was no way on this earth that i could get to her. I had both angels and demons looking for her but still not one hint of her has propped up in these past almost 6 years now. I was so overcome with grief and anger that my own people were terrified of me. No demons hunted me now and no angel contradicted me. I would kill, hack and burn everything that would come into view but i didn't care, i was void of all emotion.
“You like playing pranks of people?” I ask and he nods slyly. “Good, cause that’s my favourite hobby.”
Leliel (POV)
“Cas, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” He says quickly, shaking his head.
"You will take them back to their father." I say quietly, turning to my advisor. "Now."
“I will tell you more of your mother at a later date but for now, I’m just so happy that you are both home and safe. You boys get to bed; we have a coronation to plan.”
"What do you mean you haven't found him yet?!" My father cried at our king, Crowley. He shook his head and wandered about the room with his head held high.
"No father, I've made my decision. I have already bedded him." I say,looking straight into his eyes.
"I'm afraid not little red, i do not want to intude and besides... i like living like this. I'm free from all the wars and hastle and death and gloom. I live in peace." I smile at him and nod.
Val (POV)
"-and you're king of the angels yes yes I know! I just... I love you Castiel. I even wrote you a letter which I regret not bringing but I've loved you for over a year now and I can never seem to get you out of my head. I need you angel, I need you to knock some sense into me when I'm being an idiot or to touch me when I'm lonely. When I was married to Anna I felt so empty inside-"
“Shhhhhhhhh, please stop crying.” I whine at the little girl who hadn’t stopped crying for the last half an hour. “Why are you moaning? What do you even want?” I snap at the baby who stops crying for a moment at the sound of my voice before starting again even louder. I groan loudly before taking her back out of the basket and trying to rock her back to sleep but she wouldn’t go. I check her rags to see if she had pooed and almost gipped at the smell.
"Alright, so care to elaborate?"
"She was a strange angel, never knew when to stop talking." I smiled at the memories of her trying to get me to call off the army that i had sent all those years ago. "She was passionate and loving, never had a bad word to say about anyone. I was sad when she fell, she was a good soldier."
"I'm sorry Val, but i don't want you going into them woods anymore. It was lucky that you met Castiel but if it was any other angel you could have been killed! No more going into the woods, do you understand?" He says in a strict tone of voice and i pout my lip but nod my head. I could feel tears welling up but i didn't want dada to see my cry so i turned around and ran off away from him. He shouted for me to come back but i ignore him, wanting to get as far away from him as possible. The woods was the only place where i could go to be alone, everywhere else in the castle was guarded or had rowdy people in every room.
"Un-do me." His voice was like a command which surprised me, not knowing that he could be so firm but I was quickly snapped out of my thoughts my Gabriel grabbing a letter opener from my fathers bedside table and cutting through the rope that bound Castiel. He sighed and rubbed his wrists before crawling out of the bed slowly.
Yes I do.
"Because I LOVED HER!" He shouted to me, tears springing to his eyes. "And she fell in love with a stinking demon! A demon over me! And not just any demon, oh no, a bastard demon king!"
"Well, not if I kill them first." I smile happily and say casually as if it's the most obvious thing in the world. "Ain't that right baby girl! I'm going to kill every son of a bitch that comes near you. I am." I say in a baby voice and Sam groans loudly.
"The same thing, just a different word." He shrugs and I roll my eyes again.
"Err, your bath is ready." I say bluntly and he raises an eyebrow.
"Do you have any idea why?" I turn to him and ask him. He gulps, looks down at his feet and nods slowly. My eyes narrow suspiciously but I extend a hand to lift his face back up to look at mine. "Tell me."
“Castiel…”
"Well, at least you've now met the father." I grin.
“Are you always this angry?” I ask coolly and he spins around quickly to face me, gulping slightly.
"We have eliminated all blacksmiths that have been making the copyrighted angel blades your majesty." He bows and I nod my head in approval.
"But.." I say, scowling slightly and she flinches away.
"Here, an apple for your story." I say and she laughs and takes it from me, thanking me as she did so and biting into it firmly. She starts wandering off again, although thankfully in eyesight of us both and mine and Dean's hands clasp again. Dean starts laughing suddenly and i look at him curiously. "What?"
"Oh yes, the women have a seperate army because of how different they are at fighting. She was the leader of the women's army and by god was she good. I call on the women when i need pure strength on the angels part, knowing that they are the only ones who would go running into battle with tactics and brute passion. The men listen and follow orders but the women do it in a way that makes them unique. She was amazing at what she did, but something other than fighting caught her eye and finally her heart." I sighed sadly and bit my lip. "I wish she never left us."
Castiel is the first one to move, groaning as he slips his leg off my shoulder and puts it comfortably on the bed, sighing as he did so. I pull out of him but don’t move from my position on top of him because I was so damn comfortable and I loved hearing his heart beating heavily against his chest. He wraps his arms around my shoulder and nuzzles his head into my hair, breathing in deeply and kissing the top of my head.
"I can't see, whenever I try and find out what will happen to your family after Lucifer diss you, it goes blurry." He says seriously an I gulp. "Even if he killed you all I would still be able t see the outcome. I don't know who or what is hiding it from my vision."
"Hello Michael, did you miss me?" I say, smiling slightly and he nods.
“Will… will you be my friend?” I look up at him and give him my best puppy dog eyes, hoping that he won’t be freaked out by the strange request. He sighs loudly and looks at me sadly.
“Excuse me? You’ve fallen for an angel? What angel?” I sigh and look glumly down at my hands.
"Get out, ugly husband!" And with that I left the chambers to go see these two "important demons".
I end the curse and scowl at them both and suddenly the angel sweeps off into the air and flies over the trees, away from his daughter, his husband and myself.
“You said something about my lips being kissable…” He is trying to hold back a grin but failing miserably as it finally breaks onto his face.
"I don't really know how to.. You know."
"Gabriel!" I exclaim in shock and he starts laughing loudly. I shake my head at him before looking back out onto the party. "How has it been?"
"It's Sam!"
“Where are you going?” Gabriel repeats but Castiel just shakes his head.
“No way kid, mine too!”
Leliel (POV
"Why are you surprised?"
"Yes, that is so. Why?"
There was a soft humming sound from somewhere in the woods but Dean ignored it, still crouching low beside Valentina’s grave and having nostalgia for the past and regret for the future that never came. There was a rustling in the clearing and Dean looked up to find a cloak of red whip past behind a tree.
“Why is that then? Why are you getting all hot?” I lean down closer to him and whisper in his ear. “Tell me your highness, why are you getting all hot?”
"Your bath is almost ready, your highness." Castiel comes into the meeting room where me and all my advisors are sat and bows low.
Anna was now at the alter with me and we were holding hands, facing my father who was now marrying us. He was talking but I wasn’t listening to a word he was saying because of the internal battle I was having with myself.
“I hate you.” I hear her whisper through her tears. “I hate you so goddamn much.”
“Oh definitely not. I feel quite privileged to have a man have to practice first before actually making a move.” She winked at me and I shake my head at her confidence.
We got there within three days to the demon camp. You could see the angel camp up ahead if you looked hard enough and I suspected that both sides were taking a breather to pick up their dead and have some rest. I walked into camp coolly and saw Crowley standing around some of his advisors that included my father and talking to them professionally. I walk up and bow to him in respect and he does the same to me.
“How do you know?”
“THIS IS WHAT WILL HAPPEN IF ANYMORE ASSASSINS COME. I WILL KILL EVERY LAST MOTHERFUCKING ONE OF THEM. DO I MAKE MYSELF CLEAR?” I shout at them all as they all look on in shock, pride and horror at the dead head in my arms. “If I also find out who is sending these assassins, I will kill them also and it will not be as quick and painless as this fellow had it, trust me on that one.” I had lowered my voice for extra effect and people gulped and nodded at me as I slam the head on the floor. “Send someone up to clear the damn body out of my room.”
"I was in the woods papa."
"What? Who?" He asks frantically and I gulp.
Yes, finally. I can get out of here!
I kept travelling down the narrow hallways and finally smelt the fresh air, knowing that I was closer to getting out of the castle grounds. I slid through a crack in the wall and looked up at the bright blue sky above me, feeling the breeze drift through my hair and around my skin. It had felt like an eternity since I had last been out of the palace so it felt good to breathe in the fresh air. I started walking, keeping down low so not to be seen by any of the guards up on the battlements but I finally got to the stables where they kept the horses and picked out a nice, boring brown one - knowing his would belong to no one of importance. I rode for three whole days, running the horse almost into the ground during the time. When I finally got to my destination I jumped straight off the horse without hardly waiting for it to stop and entered the isolated building. As I walked through everybody stared, anger and hate filling their eyes but I had a more important mission than to deal with a couple of jealous and ignorant angels. I walked up the spiral staircase until I came to a door up on the top floor of the high building, knocking on it three times, making my raps loud and obnoxious. The door swung open and there he was, sat behind a writing desk. He looked up at me and perked his eyebrows up expectantly.
“I think it’s time for bed.” I say and they both mumble out a reply as I laugh at them and stand up, making Castiel’s head droop and him complain and I rip my fingers away from his. “C’mon, bed.” Valentina put her arms up to be carried to bed and I roll my eyes before picking her up and carrying her into the large tent, putting her close to where me and Castiel would be sleeping. Castiel follows close behind us, telling me he had put out the fire and we both lay down, resting our heads on the pillow. Castiel turns and drapes a hand over my stomach and rests his head on my shoulder while I bury my face in his hair. Oh how I’ve missed this.
“What’s wrong? Would you prefer it if I was a demon like your lovely little ginger slut?” I snarl at him, I don’t know why I said that. A feeling in me suddenly arose at the thought of them holding hands together that time when they walked past the slave courtyard.
“No.”
"I don't know Sam, okay? I don't know just... Leave me alone yeah?" I turn away from him but I can still feel his eyes boring into me. I sigh loudly and look at that black spot on the parchment in my hand. I knew exactly why I had written his name, it's because I wanted to write the letter to him but I knew that if it got into the wrong hands I would be in real trouble from my father and worse, crowley.
“Good morrow father.” I say politely and he looks up at me and nods.
"Well you're not getting there very fast! Hurry it up a little I'm a busy man! Places to go and people to see and all that!" I snap back and we both stand there, glaring at each other.
"That was rude, angelcakes." He says, the grin not leaving his face and i keep my pokerface, straight on my face, pouting up at him. He leans down and kisses me passionately, licking my bottom lip to grant enterance into my mouth. Reluctantly i opened up and let him take me in, his tongue shoving roughly into my mouth. His thumb rubbed against my jawline while his other hand slowly went down in between my legs, cupping me roughly before he began palming me. His hands were rough against me, desperate and out of any sequence but that didn't stop it feeling good.
“If you’re going, I’m coming with you.” She hisses and I shake my head.
"Hello Leliel." I smile and let her go, holding her at arm's length.
“What are you smiling at?” I heard Gabriel’s sudden voice from in front of me and looked back down at him calmly.
"But your God said..."
"Yes, it's this way." I tell her, pointing deeper into the woods. Thankfully it didn't look to looming and i still had enough strength left inside me to fight off anything that could be a danger to my family. Me and Dean also had out swords just in case out powers were drained from building the wooden cottage that would suffice until i had enough power within me to make it a bit better. We walk for what seems like forever, but it was only about half an hour. Valentina at some point let go of our hands and started walking a bit of a way in front, looking at flowers and talking to... trees? Strange child. Mine and Dean's hands glasp together during the walk and it seemed like in that moment everything was perfect. That was until however we got to the outskirts of the small village by the sea and Dean had to take his hand away from mine. Human's were strange about these sorts of relationships, i never really understood why.
"Gabriel no, if we untie him then the father will know that we have been in here and who do you think he will blame it on? The angel or his two sons?" Gabriel looks at me sadly before letting go of the knots and placing a hand on his brothers back. Castiel's eyes flutter open and he moans in pain a he starts to get up. He kneels up on the bed with his hands still tied and looks around the room and each one of us individually before finally landing on me.
“It’s hard to say but there is a bump there already. I think I must be at least ten weeks pregnant.”
“Yes.”
“You’re coming with us?”
Shut up, no I don’t.
"In Topeka. There were about twenty of them according to Azazel so we are going to take a hundred of our men to track them down and capture them."
“Kind?” He spits out and I sit up again. He didn’t pull me down this time but instead sat up himself, glaring at me.
"Yes alright clever clogs! I get the gist but that still doesn't solve the problem with Castiel." My heart dropped at the name and I sighed melodramatically.
"I don't want to go back!" I heard the small demon, Sam shout. Gasps go around the hall as I turn slowly back towards them.
“Yes dear, I’m back.” I reply simply, not knowing what else to say.
“No you can’t.” Mikey said seriously and Gabriel and I chuckles.
“Love the castle, it’s very big though. Wonder how they fill all the rooms.” She says, chuckling slightly. “Do you think the king in trying to compensate for something… you know… down there.” She winks at the two men and Gabriel snorts as Cas raises his eyebrows and frowns at the young lady before kicking Gabriel slightly.
"You Winchesters are all the same." He chuckles and I grimace at him before carrying on where we left off. I lower him down on the ground and hover over him, slipping of my cloak and tunic, letting them fall to the floor so I was only left in my leggings. I grip his thighs tightly, running my hand along the smooth skin which makes me aroused and begging for more. My hand brushes along the base of his cock and he gróans when I move it away, his legs shaking slightly.
I stand up quickly, the pain slowly subsiding as I look at my horse. I tie my dress back up and walk over to my horse slowly, still rubbing my stomach to try and get rid of the pain. I stroked her white mane and rested my forehead against her nuzzle.
“You don’t need to ask him Valentina, I will just take you to my castle and then fly over to Dea- your father.” He spits out the word which confuses me slightly but I shrug it off. “-and tell him where you are, he will be okay with it.” I look up at him innocently and a large smile appears on my face as I nod my head and grab his hand with mine. He breathes in deeply and looks at me with an emotion I had only seen once before in my father. Adoration and love.
"You are the rudest angel I have ever met."
“So, what have you been doing with yourself while I have been away?” I ask curiously and she scoffs.
“Are you still in love with me?”
The monster roared against and got out its own long blade, thrashing around with it to try and hit me. He was clumsy in his methods but I knew that this is an aspect that could have made him even more dangerous. I used my powers to block his blade and stabbed upwards into his belly. When he came crashing down, to my surprise he took one more swing at me, cutting my leg and my shoulder and making me cry out in agony. The beast was dead but I was bleeding real badly. I limped over to the horse and got on its saddle slowly, hissing in pain when I knocked my bad leg against the horse. I clicked my tongue to get it to ride and when we were way in the distance I looked back on my defeated foe only to find that it had disappeared. I frowned and sniffed the air to try and smell and traces of it nearby. It was so strange, I was so sure that I had defeated the troll but how could it just disappear like that? I gritted my teeth but carried on riding anyway until I got to a larger river. I stopped once again to wash my cuts and bruises in the water, letting the flow of water carry away my blood. I stood up again and breathed heavily, in and out through my mouth as my daughter pressed down hard on some pipe in my stomach. I groaned heavily and kneeled down on the grassy bank, clutching my stomach while sweat poured from my forehead.
"What's going on?" I ask loudly and they shrug.
"Please what?"
"Your majesty, I'm sorry to interrupt-"I look to the right of me to see a guard standing their awkwardly. I shuffle off my queen and stand up, looking at him expectantly with a hint of annoyance in my eyes to let him know that I didn't like the disruption.
“Who’s her father?” Gabriel whispered, looking from me to Castiel and then back again.
"There is nothing I could do. Castiel belonged to my father first and there is nothing i can do about that."
“Let’s go. I want to go, I don’t want to be king anymore. Please, let’s just go.” He says, choking slightly on his tears. I gasp before a smile makes its way towards my lips and I step even closer to him, letting my hands run forwards and take the back of his head. I put my lips on his forehead and I whisper sweet ‘thank you-s’ to him over and over again. He holds onto my wrists that are on either side of his head and looks up at me, smiling sadly. “I’m going to miss this place.”
"Dean, leave her alone. She will tell us when she is ready and if she doesn't that is her choice. Lets just go and wait until she's ready to open her presents ok?" I hear dad sigh but than there are footsteps and the door closes so i know they are both gone. This had turned out to be the worst day of my life.
“Yes, he’s also the king.” I nod my head and itch the back of my neck before going over to my study desk and sorting through some papers.
"YOU FIGHT THOSE FAIRIES VAL!" Dada shouts after me and i laugh at him from down the hall before going back to Marian.
“Wow, nice to see where I’m wanted.” Anna says sarcastically and I giggle.
"You know my name?" I gasp and he nods in confusion.
“Send him in.” I say to the guard, smiling slightly before getting up to greet the golden angel. He comes in and walks straight over to me. I hold out a hand to shake it but instead he hugs me tightly and my eyebrows raise slightly.
"They caught us off guard my lord, appeared out of nowhere so suddenly and just started burning everything. " the guard explained to me while we swung around each other viciously, beating the crap out of any demon that came out way. I am about to reply but suddenly there is a huge burst of light and out of the smoke comes around about 50 woman warriors, looking around the battlefield in fury in anger.
"Why would I do that?" I ask bluntly and Gabriel groans loudly.
“I need to marry to produce an heir.” Castiel grumbles. “In case I die or something.”
"Well obviously." She giggles and gently picks one of the flowers. She brings it over to me and gets on her tiptoes to slide the rose behind my ear, making it balance by the side of my head. She giggles again and walks around the apparent Eden i had accidently created for her. How the hell was i supposed to know her favourite flower was a damn rose? Why did i even think this was going to be funny. Now i'm stuck here with this little girl with a flower sticking out of my hair and a moody look on my face.
“I want to explain to you that I had no idea she was your daughter Castiel. You know I would never do that to you. You know that I wouldn’t kill Leliel, as much as I wanted to be with you and you know that I would never purposely take your daughter and keep her from you. I don’t want it to end like this, I don’t want to go through the remainder of my life knowing that you hate me because you think that I kidnapped your daughter.” I take a deep breath in after this and look at him pathetically, in an exhausted way. Castiel looks at me sadly and then looks down at his drink, wanting to avoid my gaze.
Where i told you to run, so we'd both be free
“Don’t apologise. I need someone to argue with after a hard day of being prince.” He chuckles and I grimace.
"Stop my warriors. We shall now walk." Crowley spoke out before sliding down off his horse. He kept a hand on the hilt of his sword in case anyone was about but there was no need to do this really. The land was deserted and all that could be heard was the demons heavy breathing and a wolf howling at the moon somewhere in the distance. Their chainmail chinked and chimed as they walked and their boots in the sandy ground heavily. In the distance they could see a dip in the ground and a strange coloured fire burning in the middle of it. They approached it with caution and but Crowley smiles as he see's the malten rock shining brightly out of the ground.
"I will." I say before i can stop the words slipping out of my mouth. I don't know what made me agree on meeting her again, something inside me just wanted to see her again but i had no idea what it was. Before i knew it she was running off, backwards so she could look at me and wave before turning around and disappearing behind the trees. For the first time in years and years i had felt a calmness settle over me, something that hadn't occured since before the day i lost Leliel and my daughter. My heart twanged when i thought of my little girl, i knew now that i would never see her again. I sigh and turn away from the border, walking back out of the woods and towards my white horse that had waited from me beside the forest. I stroke its mane and put my forehead on his hard head, closing my eyes.
“I beg your pardon?”
“They must have moved on. Let’s move.” He announced before riding off out of the city. I stay behind, looking around at the scared humans and remember what Cas say about them being able to pretend to be demons. If they could pretend to be demons, they could definitely pretend to be humans. When the last of the men are out of the gates I call out.
“You are pardoned.” Leliel nods and smiles at her innocently before Emandriel turns around and storms off. “Jeesh, what’s up her ass?” Gabriel was having a full on laughing fit on the floor at that moment as Castiel was still trying to keep from bursting into laughing by holding the laugh between his cheeks. Leliel shrugs before starting to walk back inside.
No stranger would it be
“Like what?” I ask sceptically and he lowers his gaze to his hands.
"I didn't." I saw awkwardly, blushing bright red. He squints his eyes at the smudge beside Anna's name and his eyes widen slightly.
“Dada! Dada!”
I turn to my father and approach him cautiously. He is still looking helplessly up at the window where Castiel was sat just moments before and didn't even notice me step towards him.
“What? What is it?” I ask him and he shakes his head, still smiling broadly.
"I want you to go to King Crowley's Castle, unnannounced but also repectively. I will sign a document to say that we would like to search the castle grounds and rooms for any sign of a two year old child. Any child of this age will be checked for angel bloodline and if it matched with mine-" I cut my hand and pour some blood into a flask for him to take. "-I want you to bring the child back home." The angel nods and bows slowly before walking out of the room and leaving me alone once again to my thoughts. I sit down on the mattress i've lain out for myself in my study and put my head in my hands. I didn't hear the door opening or the person coming into my study. I felt someone kneel down in front of me and put a hand on my shoulder and quickly looked up to find him knelt there, looking at me with a sad smile.
“Did you want me to get caught or something?” He asks me and I grimace.
“Lil…” I start but he cuts me off when she turns around.
“You knew that Dean was the next in line for the throne, you knew he was a threat. What stopped you from killing him?” I shrug. “ANSWER ME!”
"The name of the angel is Castiel. Black hair, blue eyes. You may have seen him around." I shrug and he turns back around slowly to look at me. I can tell by the look on his face that he knew exactly which angel I was talking about but he showed no expression on his face.
“A small one, black hair. I think he may be a sex slave.” I say regally but when I say it out loud the word almost catches in my throat.
"Why?" He asks, hiding behind his hands and i stride over to him and pick him up by his neck, holding him above the ground at arms length.
“Do you really need me to sing you that lullaby again?” I ask her and she nods her head, smiling brightly. “Oh fine!”
"PLEASE." I call back and i hear her mumble something before shouting back a please. Dean laughed slightly and i shook my head before we both walked out of the room and downstairs to where Valentina is waiting his her red cloak and black dress.
"Yes, so what if I did." I snarl and he sneers at me
I had been riding for what seemed like an eternity. My back was sore and my legs were stiff from riding for so long but I had finally decided it was a good time to stop for a rest. I was absolutely shattered as I stopped by a stream to wash my hands, face and neck. I let my horse have a good drink of water and eat some grass while I myself got out a chunk of cheese and began nibbling on that. My stomach rumbled and I thought the safest way to keep my child alive was to eat more and that is exactly what I did. I was putting all my belongings away again when it happened. There was a low, inhuman growl behind me and I spun around quickly to find a huge ugly troll behind me, drooling and licking its black lips. I grabbed my sword from the horses saddle slowly and stood in a fighting stance all the while not taking my eyes off the troll. It roared loudly and I flinched back but I still stood staring at it, ready to fight if I had too, oh and I had too. Suddenly it started charging at me, its large feat digging into the ground as it sprinted towards me. I roared myself and started running towards it with my sword high in the air. We both clashed loudly, me ripping into its chainmail before it knocked me to the ground, cutting my lip open as it did so. I got back up quickly and ran under its legs while I started shredding apart its hamstrings. It started stomping around me, knocking me over a good few times.
“I’ve been with daddy.”
We didn’t really know where we were going but we just knew we had to get as far away from the angel and demon kingdoms as possible. We knew people would be out looking for us by now so we had to move quickly and quietly to try and avoid being seen by anyone who might tell either side where we were. We get to a forest that is only a mile or two away from a large sea that separates our country from one of a faraway land.
"Ha."
"DADA!" She shouted and I rolled my eyes at the nickname she had given me before striding over to her and picking her up easily and swinging her around making her squeal.
“Your Majesty.” A guard says and I look up at him. “His Majesty, King Crowley of the demons wishes to take company with you.” The guard grimaces and I sigh loudly before nodding at him and waving him to bring him in. The guard exists and a few seconds later he comes in with a pudgy looking man wearing a long black cloak, black expensive tunic and black leggings. Rings adorned his fingers and gold chains were placed around his neck. He carried himself well and he stopped right in front of me and bowed low out of respect.
“Exactly what I said it means.” I retort and he pushes me against the cold stone wall of his chamber.
“Are you?”
I grabbed my sword that I had hidden away in the armoury in case I ever needed it again and within the hour I was set to go off alone, leave the angel kingdom and live among the humans with my daughter. It was dark out and I knew most people would be in bed by now so I sneakily snuck out of the castle and towards a dark horse. I couldn’t fly as well anymore because I had the baby weighing me down so I had to ride a horse towards my destination. I just hoped that my little princess could stay put for a couple more weeks until I was in a safe place, I hoped and prayed that she would.
"I didn't ask you to do the whole thing, just run his bath. Hurry now!" She shooed me off and I grumbled something out when I was out of earshot of her. I walked towards the princes chambers in which I learned was right next to the kings. At least it would be easy to just slip in when I was done here. I walked past the demon guards without saying a word and towards the washroom where a large bronze bath was laid. I grabbed a bucket and went outside to the courtyard where an old well was to start filling it up before bringing it back in and warming it up over the fire. I did this about seven or eight times before the water was relatively full. I bent over the bath and was about to grab a towel when I heard a low whistle coming from behind me. I stopped dead in my tracks and mentally slapped myself for not checking the room before I bent over. I slowly stood up straight and spun around to come face to face with a man, who looked no older than me, who had dirty blonde hair, deep green eyes and plush lips. He was wearing expensive clothing and leaning on the doorframe coolly and I could only guess that this was the prince.
Great, I had to choose an angel to be my sex slave which is literally the last thing I ever wanted to do. Why would I want to be tainted by an angel when I could just sleep with any demon at court. But like always, father and king knows best. The question was... Who do I choose?
“He doesn’t love you.” I whisper to him before storming out of his study with Anna following close behind.
I start moving my hips slowly in and out of him and his legs and múscles tighten again as his breath hitches once more. I bring a hand down and start stroking his cóck gently so he wasn’t just feeling pain and he moáned his approval when I started doing this in time with my slow thrústing movements. I ran my thumb over his tip and his hips bucked up quickly, accidently making me go into him harder but he moans loudly as I hit his sweet spot so I do it again and he throws his head back and arches his back as sinful sounds escape his lips. I start going in faster, still beating my hand in time with my thrusts until finally I’m poundíng into him, moáns also escaping my lips at the friction of his tíght hóle against my hard díck. Cas cries out really loudly and I wince as it carries on for a while and when I look down I see that he had come all over both our chests. I let go of his cóck and just slíde in and out of him a few more time before my stomach clenches up and I release myself into him without dignity, moaning quite loudly myself. I collapse on top of him, his leg still over my shoulder and me still inside of him until one of us finally gets up enough energy to move.
“I don’t like the fact that my father makes you wear them.” I scrunch my nose us at the fabric and he looks down at himself.
“I’m fine Anna, Have you been worried about me?” I grinned at her and she blushed furiously.
"Sorry." He mumbles and i nod silently. I don't answer back so he just quietly walks out of my study and down the long stone steps, towards his own chambers that had been assigned to him. Once he is out of earshot i groan loudly and put my face in my hands, sitting down on the floor in defeat.
"My jesters outfit, I look pretty darn cute right?" He winks at me and catches the glance at one of the demon ladies and also winks at her. She blushes, giggles and does a small wave to him before he looks back at me and grins broadly. "I'm not going to lie my brother; some of these demon ladies are pretty flexible. They can sard me anytime."
"I have to go. Is that everything 'Your Highness'" I bow ironically and he smiles and nods. With that I turn out to leave the room but before I manage to get out of earshot I hear him call to me;
"Sam Winchester is not a demon; I don't care what anyone says. I haven't seen him once change his eyes black and the first time we met he called us friends. He called me, an angel and him, a demon, or at least a half demon, friends. Now that's not something that happens every day." He explains, keeping his voice neutral but there was a hidden emotion behind it, want, love and need.
“Thank you Ellie.” I thank her and she shrugs, lets the fairy fly off her hand before waving to me.
“Nothing.” I say quickly and he crosses his legs and puts his arms behind his head.
"We should go." Gabriel says quickly as Michael walks in, marching up to us. He looked like he had business on his mind so I nod and smile sadly once again at Dean, wishing that I could give him one last kiss before he leaves. He just nods at me and winks before grabbing onto Gabriel and swooping up into the air and disappearing out of sight. I sigh as I keep looking upwards even long after they are gone before Michael cleared his throat making me turn my attention on him.
"Hello." She whispers and he bends down to her, giving her a flower that I hand seen him pick.
"Why?"
“Oh yes, you have her beauty and her spirit.” He tells her and I smile at them both before finally breathing out a breath of relief I didn’t know I was holding. I could finally relax, we had absolutely nothing to worry about here, we were happy and safe and we had everything we needed. Either me or Cas could hunt for food while the other one cooked and we would all chip in with the cleaning and the getting firewood. We would be absolutely fine here.
"And where is Crowley?" I add, hissing slightly and they look at each other, scared out of their wits before shaking their heads.
“You know what.” He growls but my grin just widens.
“Ah.” He sucks his lips in to stop himself from smiling and looks up at me through his eyelashes. I smile down at him and we stand there for a moment just looking at each other.
"Nothing! Just get out!" I shout loudly and they both go quiet. I could tell they were giving each other 'that look' to say that i'm just being a stupid teenager but if this wasn't love, why the hell did it hurt so damn much.
"What is it?" I hiss at her angrily and she looks hurt.
“WHERE ARE THEY?” He screamed but everyone stayed silent. He looked around and noticed me riding up to them. “Well?”
"please Gabriel, I don't have any other friends in this place. I'm lonely and I really like you and-"
"I wish i could go on an adventure. I havn't been on an adventure for almost a year now and it wasn't very fun. It was uncomfrotable and annoying to be honest but i want to go off on my own and experience the world, just like you."
“M-my names Ally, this is my older sister Amy and my brother, Adam.” She pointed to the two older angels and I nodded to them.
"Yes sire."
"I didn't say anything." He snorts, putting his hands up in defence.
“Dean Winchester? I haven’t heard that name in almost three years.” I say, smiling slightly. It was the first smile I had let out since before Leliel’s death all those years ago. “He wouldn’t want to see me.”
"Not yet." I hissed and hit his prostate a few more times with my fingers before finally pulling them out all together. He lay there panting and groaning at the loss if the fingers and I rubbed his hole a bit to ease the soreness. I then positioned myself above him and put one of his legs over my shoulder while holding the other one with my hand next to my waist. I looked down at the desperate mess beneath me and smirked before starting to slide into his now looser arsehole. He gritted his teeth and brought his hands up to grip onto the headboard above him, shutting his eyes tightly which made me think about how pretty he was like this. How beautiful he was squirming beneath me and begging for my own erection to be inside him. He gasped and panted as I went down on him slowly and when I was finally all the way in I again stopped to let him get used to my size.
"Lucifer..."
"The roughest." I reply back, my voice breaking slightly and she looks at me curiously.
We follow him into the house carefully and watch him as he sits down at the wooden dining table, the insides of the house look fantastic and as soon as we waked in, hear flooded through out bodies. It was amazing and I couldn't help but smile at Dean because of our lovely new home. We stay standing in the doorway as God looks down into the flames of the burning grate.
"it's weird, cause aren't you like over a trillion years old?"
“Come on Sam!” I shout and he turns to look at me pathetically before looking back at Gabriel.
-the next day-
“Ah, I see.” He goes quite again and looked over at Val who looked like she had calmed down a bit so I decide to speak up.
"It is an honor to meet you your grace." He says proffessionaly and bows low in front of her, taking up her hand and kissing it gently.
Today was one of those days.
I loved this, I felt like I had power again as I watched the demon tremble as I got closer to him.
“Tidy out the kings living quarters.” Is all she said before walking away. I sighed and walked out of the kitchen, balancing the bucket and cloth. How the hell was I supposed to find the kings quarters when I didn’t even know where he slept. I saw a young boy, a few years younger than me, hitting a leather ball on the wall. He was sat down on the floor sadly so I decided to go up to him.
"Well, perhaps you could come and stay with us for a while. I'm sure my fathers won't mind at all." I say, trying to help the poor boy but he only shakes his head sadly.
"Yes sir." I nod and he sighs.
Dada was getting frustrated about something while papa was ignoring him while stirring some soup with a ladle that hung over the fire. Dada got angry kicked one of the dining chair which made it smash into pieces. I jumped back and whimpered at this which made papa angry at dada for scaring me.
"Fine, but when you do tell them, i will be there with you." I say and she smiles and nods her head. "I have to go, but i will be back tomorrow okay?" She nods her head and i plant one last kiss on her lips before walking out of the clearing. I hum to myself as i walk, thinking about my future but stop suddenly when i hear a voice echo in my head.
“Well that’s what you are ain’t ya? A kid? How old are you?”
I kept on riding. Harder and faster now that it was starting to get dark. I needed to get to the place where Leliel would have had our child but I couldn’t seem to find it anywhere. I needed my daughter, I needed her now.
“It doesn’t really matter how far, I can use my powers to remove some of the trees and build a relatively large house while you can cover us in darkness with your magic.” He says and I nod my head.
“Good morning Your Highness.” They both bowed low and I nodded in respect back to them.
"Call me Dean." I tell her. "I think I'm going to be needing you a lot over the next year or so." She smiles back and nods.
When I am down there, there are angels everywhere. Busy going about their day to day chores and when they see me they stop and look at me in surprise, bowing lowly and muttering out their highnesses. I nod and smile at them all which leaves them just as confused as they were before but I don’t really mind. I go up to the head demon chef and ask her where the younger angels were. She wrinkled her nose in a disapproving way but I didn’t care just as long as she pointed me in the right direction. She pointed me through some doors that led to an outside courtyard. Once outside I look a look around and found quite a lot of angels that looked about my age but they all seemed miserably. I could understand why due to the fact that they were slaves but I wanted one that would at least like me, even though I was a demon. I was knocked out of my thoughts by a boy who looked around my age bumping into me.
"We don't know sire."
“I just wanted-“
“What, and risk them getting caught then becoming slaves? I don’t think so.” I snort and shake my head before returning serious once again. “I suspect that this will be the last time we ever see each other.”
Dean gave him a smile. A smile that told him a story; the story of an arrogant demon prince and a powerful angel king who, so unalike in name told a star-crossed love story. The story of a little girl dressed in red, skipping along the roses and talking to trees. The story of a family, a family so dysfunctional and so unalike that it actually worked.
“I don’t think so.” Anael and I say at the same time and his eyes narrow.
"Cas, what the hell is going on? Why has my father dragged you down here?" He asks hurriedly and in a hushed tone, not wanting anyone to know that i was down here.
"They're demons Anael, of course they're not normal."
"Did you seriously just ask me how I'm pregnant, Castiel?" She asks me with a perked eyebrow and a ghost of a smile on her face.
"The roses are beautiful. How did you get them to grow so fast?" She asked, her eyes wide and beau- i mean, her eyes wide and child-like. She smiles at me, her blue eyes squinting as she does so and i shrug.
“I have had a week or two to cool off now and I’ve spent some time with her. She’s so polite and kind and happy… you… you brought her up well Dean.” He tells me and I let a small smile slip onto my face but it quickly drops again. I look up at him quickly and walk over to him, putting my hands on his shoulders and looking at him determinedly as he looks up at me confused.
“Shh, it’s okay baby.” I mumble. “I got you.” With my hands I brush them up his thighs and push one leg up to my shoulder where it rested there. I lick my fíngers, slathering them with spit from my own mouth and sliding my tóngue around them before bringing the hand down and pushíng them into him slowly. He cries out quietly as they further into him and begin ripping him gently open again but I hushed him and told him I had him over and over again. He hands gripped onto the bed sheets tightly and I started fingering him and scíssoring his tight hole, opening and closing my fíngers gently to prize him open as if he was a present just for me.
"Alright, you will put your mark on him then." He says finally after a moments silence and I can almost feel the relief radiating off Gabriel.
"I've already told you what to do with that Dean, marry him! Then angels and demons will be united!" He smiled happily and I shake my head at his ignorance.
"The king and the prince to be exact." I reply and she shakes her head.
Dean Winchester was grinning as his colleagues as they all laughed at a joke he just made, showing his white teeth to Castiel. Nothing about him had changed much, apart from his hair and the clothes he wore. He wondered if his personality had changed and debated whether to approach the table.
“Hello Winchester.” He greeted him sadly, trying to produce a small smile but failing miserably. Dean just stood on the spot with his mouth gaped open and his eyes wide, staring at Castiel with a mixture of hate, longing, want, annoyance and above all, love.
"Hello Baby Girl." He says and i giggle before poking his nose.
"I have indeed madam! You wouldn't mind would you?"
“Do you Anna of Lawrence; take my son, Dean Winchester, the king of Lawrence to be your lawfully wedded husband?”
“Good bye Castiel.” She says and I wave back. She suddenly dips back under the water and out of sight. For the rest of the trip home I was in a good mood… that was until I got back to castle which looks like a prison to me from the distance. It had taken me 3 weeks to ride back home as I didn’t want to rush and suddenly it seemed as if I wanted to make the trip a bit longer. I knew that Leliel would be nearly due now so I had to get home in time for her due date. When I finally got to the castle I sighed and slid down off my horse, entering through the great hall. People greet me as I walk through and go up to my study where Leliel is already waiting. She is standing behind the door with her arms crossed and tears in her eyes.
"Fine, you can come but if things get too heavy for you and you start becoming afraid I want you to ride off as fast as you can." He nods in understand and smiles in triumph, looking way to pleased with himself. After another ten minutes he speaks again but this time it is more of a whisper;
“So these are the angels you retrieved?” He asked. His voice was low and gravelly but extremely posh in a regal and powerful kind of way.
"Then so be it, you will marry her. However demon women are very funny about having sex with someone who has no experience, you may want to change that." He forewarned and I looked at him with confusion clouding my eyes.
"Well you'll see me today when we fight each other to the death." I joke and he hold back a smile and shakes his head.
“He’s fifteen summers old, Balthazar.” I say to guard and he shrugs his shoulders before chucking Sam on the by my feet. I sigh and kneel down in front of him and he looks back up at me and then behind me at Gabriel who is looking at him in shock. It looked as if Sam never did find Gabriel’s tent.
“Why yes I am! My name is Samuel but you can call me Sam.” I hold a hand out for him to shake but he just looks at me, smirking slightly with his eyebrows now fully raised. After a moment of him just staring at me he chuckled and started shaking my hand.
I jump back on the horse, but carefully as not to hurt the baby inside of me. It was strange to think that I had another angel growing inside of me but I felt happy, ecstatic even that Castiel and I were going to have a child. I kicked the horse’s sides softly and set it off at a slow pace towards the castle, knowing that the journey was going to take longer than I had first anticipated.
Cas (POV)
We were told to get changed into these exposing garments and I wanted to refuse at first but I saw the demon beat a girl angel until she obliged so I just decided to slip it on. It was a leather fabric that was only put around my waist, leaving my chest and legs, bare to the cold cellar air that was drafting in. I know that if I bent over you would be able to see everything so I pulled it down as far as I could. I looked at Gabriel and laughed. He was strutting around the cellar in his new garments and I thanked the lord at how he could turn every bad situation and make it good. I sighed as we were moved again into a different room, a room that looked like a kitchen and told to wait there while they went to get the king. It must be some sort of code that they have to check every angel before we started working. I shivered and held my chest tightly looking around at the other angels who were all clinging to each other.
"Look, about yesterday..." She starts but i put a hand up to stop her.
"You think we are going to trick you? Because you're an angel? Listen, the only angels we have met have been slaves and they all seem pretty down to earth unlike the ones you hear about from the king and the war. You can trust us... Sort of."
-four days later-
"Let me get you open." He growled into my ear and i gasped, my chest heaving upwards. He repositioned himself in between my legs and spread them open slowly and lifted them up so my knees were facing the ceiling. I bit my lip in anticipation, so hard that it nearly drew blood as he licked his fingers slowly, covering them in saliva before pressing them against my enterance and teasing my puckered hole with his fingers.
“EGH.” Castiel shouted loudly, throwing his hands up in the air before turning to Gabriel. “See this is what I mean, she just assumes things and is way out of her place.”
“Castiel. What is yours?”
"A-ah ah, Cas." I moán loudly as he himself gásps and pánts into my ear as the thrusting of my hand around his penís became more rapid and desperate.
“Yes alright. The jester will be appointed to the court for entertainment. The others will work by day and be in my bed chambers by night.”
"See, i'm unarmed now." I tell her, smiling slightly and her shoulders seem to relax slightly. She looks up into my eyes and i see they are vivid blue, they are beautiful and contrast stupendously against the frosty snow that is lying on the ground and trees. "What is your name?" I ask her carefully but she just shakes her head and bites he lip before squeaking something out.
"Oh I had suppressed that memory!" He groans and I laugh loudly before turning back and walking inside. He follows me in and we sit back down at the dining room table.
"Aren't you going to do anything about it?" He asked and I look at him incredulously.
“I hope you’re not going to sleep.” I say, grinning slightly.
I hated lying to her, I hated not being able to love her anymore but I was so in love with that damn demon that knew I would come when he called without a shadow of a doubt that I couldn’t exactly not go to him. She didn’t deserve this, I didn’t deserve her. She deserved someone so much better than me but she was trying so hard to try and get me to fall in love with her again. After yesterday, when I spent half the day in bed with her she had also taken me too the church we got married in, the place where I had proposed to her and then back to the chambers to have more sex. It didn’t do anything for me and I couldn’t help but be overcome by grief and guilt for the poor woman who was carrying my child. There was something there, I knew there was. For a moment I thought I was falling in love with her again but I realised that it wasn’t her I was falling for, I was falling in love with the tiny heartbeat that was in her stomach. The little girl that was growing in there and was soon to be mine. I didn’t know what to do anymore so I just flew and flew until I got past the border, out of the angel city and into the demon kingdom.
