Inias has somewhat backed down from his job of seducing the King, which should be good for Dean, but it only makes him more nervous. Why would Inias, already in the King's bed, step away now? Dean hasn't eclipsed him in power with the King- if anything, they are just the same there as they were previously.
Inias smirks again, a slow, lazy thing and he purrs, "I'll be off as well, then. Sweet dreams, Winchester. I know I won't be getting many." And he shoves past them, going to the double doors. When Sam looks back at Dean, he looks almost ill.
Dean frowns, his protective instincts emerging despite himself. "You should get some rest, then," he says. For a moment he forgets his role as a charming courtier and presses lightly on Castiel's shoulders, getting him to sit down on the stone bench just behind him. Trying to lighten the mood, he jokes, "We wouldn't want our beloved monarch collapsing of exhaustion."
"Dean, Dean, wait!" Sam holds out a hand to keep him from moving too much. "I don't think anybody knows, okay? It's just me, you, him, and the Prince, and I don't think they're real fixated on telling, 'cause they'd be in trouble too. Don't pull anything."
"Yeah," Dean repeats. He arches up against Castiel, taking advantage of his distraction. "Please."
Dean rolls his eyes so hard it looks like it hurts. "That's like asking me, if I was trapped in a cave with a bunch of lions, if I ever considered
Castiel stood. "Thank you," he said, and then turned to Dean. "Thank you as well, Sir Winchester. Perhaps, if you're so inclined, you'd be open to learning a little astronomy? I'm sure that your brother is not the only intellectual in your family."
Raziel and Dean discover that Victor may be playing a game of his own, which doesn't please Inias. Dean deals with the fallout, and adjusts to a new mindset surrounding our favorite monarch.
Dean is sent to court.
The thought lances through him, powerful as a base instinct. He will not allow Dean Winchester to die. Under no circumstances that he can control will Dean Winchester suffer,
"On the balcony," he gestured, "That was the last place I saw him."
"That was good," she says quietly as they watch the King call for music from the band. People are starting to pair up to dance, so when a brown-haired woman approaches Charlie with her hand outstretched, she takes it, winking at Dean as she goes.
He frowns. "What do you mean? Nobody's keeping you here."
Dean Winchester has a bad habit surrounding his alcohol consumption habits. Rather, Dean is essentially a high-functioning alcoholic. Castiel knows this without even having to look down on him- he had to completely replace Dean's liver when he rebuilt him after Hell. But it may be a blessing in disguise, tonight.
only gets worse, and as brazen as they are, neither of them go to their respective family to get permission to be together. Part of Dean, the romantic that has apparently wilted some since his arrival at court, wants to be happy for them. He sees how Michael flushes when Victor's around, and how quick Victor is to jump to the other Alpha's defense. But the more cautious parts of him aren't counting on their happiness lasting long, not with the bitter rivalry between their families.
"That we are," he says, and for a few moments, no one speaks.
man. Look at him."
"Yes," the other man nods quickly. "If the King invites you to join them, it'd be in your best interest to do so."
"I think we should let the newest of us perform first tonight," he says with a benevolent smile, and his gaze returns to Dean. Dean flushes hard and loses all train of thought, silently beginning to panic. Thankfully, Victor, who's been exchanging pleasantries with Charlie and Raziel for the last few minutes, leans over and hisses in his ear.
Dean huffs out a laugh. "My little brother, Sam- he's got long hair. Real long, thick hair, and if he were here- he'd hate it, but I'd definitely go out of my way to put stuff in it."
“Sam,” he whispered, tugging at Sam’s sleeve. “Look.” Sam’s eyes widened just a fraction, and that was all the surprise he betrayed.
"You are on everyone's side until proven otherwise," he says. "You're loyal to the King, and to the Prince. Until there's an advantage to drawing the line and being on one side or the other, you're staying in the middle."
The younger brother, Sam Winchester, has declined to get drunk with him and has gone out, presumably to the club down the street from the motel the two are staying at. Dean is drinking still, staring at the opposite wall and not fidgeting, for once. It gives Castiel the chance to idly admire Dean's throat as he swallows.
didn't talk about it. Does she even know?"
"Are you okay?" Adam asks, concerned.
"I've missed this," Sam said quietly. His brother's head snapped up, and his gaze was accusatory. "The view, Dean," he placated, "I always liked it here."
"Oh?" Benny says.
The king had asked Dean, Sam, Charlie, Inias, and King Charles's (first) illegitimate son, Michael Shurley, who Dean did not like at all (for reasons he'd rather not go into), to go with him for a ride, so Dean was in the stables with Baby. (Baby was his horse, a big, black, hunter who Dean treated better than pretty much everybody, but what could he say? She was a classy lady.) But he'd expected to be the only person in the stables for a little while- and he was not.
The voice of the King interrupts them- "I hear we have a newcomer today," he says, and Dean suppresses a shiver at his low, rough voice.
leave a comment or kudos if you enjoyed!
"You were the greatest courtiers in the land when he was a teenager," Charlie said with a shrug. "I suppose, in a way, he still feels..." she searched for the word, "Starstruck. Many people were, you know." Her smile, when she turned it on him, was sly.
"Hi," Dean smiles back at him. "Can you show me to the stables?"
Dean's on his own today, which sucks, but at least it gives him the opportunity to do something he hasn't been able to do since the joust- stand. He's getting damn tired of being in bed all the time. So he lifts the blankets gently, wincing when he has to lean forward to do it (thanks, broken rib), and slowly turns so he's sitting up, feet on the floor.
The servants (all except the one) that strap him into Adam's armor give him worried looks, because not only is he
“Nobody’s forgotten what we used to do,” Dean said defensively.
But Dean
"No, he can't," Raziel says grimly. "And neither can I, and neither can you."
"Hey, what the hell," Dean says, his voice taking on a flippant air. "You probably tossed him out, too." As soon as it's out of his mouth he realizes his slight Western-esque accent and dialect showing their faces, as they do when he's pissed.
"Had to show you I wasn't some sort'a-" Dean suppresses a painful cough that ends up coming out anyway, just as a painful wheeze instead. "Some sort'a weak Omega. I c'n do it. I
couldn't put anything in your hair," he explains.
would not be the one to raise you if I did not also believe that you are worthy."
Dean- Dean is another matter. Adam told him that, when he arrived at court, it took him three full days to figure out that Sam's brother was an Omega, and that was from whispers of the court. Dean's kind, and clearly self-aware, but he can also be brusque and impulsive, which are, by society's standards, typically Alpha traits. But he's down to earth and says what he thinks, and because of it he and Adam have become better friends. However the court sees him, though, he's caught the King's eye, and somehow manages to keep it on him. Sometimes Sam wonders if he even knows what he's doing with Castiel most of the time.
The most confusing thing about these emotions is that, in the end, they are usually aimed at
Looking back into Dean's dreams, Castiel sees that he must have just missed something, some change of pace in the man's mind. Because now, instead of bitter self-loathing, there is- there's
Michael- despite Dean's misgivings and judgements, the guy arguably got the shortest end of the stick with his father. If the court was a house that burned down, Michael was the one caught in the upstairs bedroom with burning rubble blocking the stairs. And for what? He had always been the obedient courtier, and got absolutely nothing for it. He obeyed orders, no matter what they were, placed Charles on any pedestal he wanted. Yet, in the end, it was always courtiers like Dean and Sam, and his other sons, Castiel, Gabriel, and Lucifer, that had and held Charles's attention. That was leaving out Raphael, Charles's third child who mysteriously disappeared at the age of eighteen and never returned. Some said Gabriel was still in contact with them, but there was no proof of it if it was true.
"Why the hell
"A summons," Dean replied, looking back down at the letter. His eyes were wide and his grip on the paper was tight. "A summons to court."
"Oh, but Dean," Lucifer says, "We've got
"Okay, yes, it was implied," he rolls his eyes. "But you could. You haven't been doing it, so if you wanted to make him want you
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
"'Befriend him'," Dean mutters. He turns to look at his uncle and his friend.
WOW yall really came through with the comments on the last chapter! tysm! i appreciate all of you.
, he thinks.
Dean nods, "Yes. I used to do it, all the time with Sam. It was one of our favorite hobbies." For whatever reason, Castiel looks... troubled. His brows are furrowed, and he is currently staring at Dean's shoulder instead of his face. "Your Highness?" Dean ventures after a moment.
a lot of people here," the man said, as if he was only just coming to that conclusion.
"Yeah," Dean said, "This is Baby. Wanna pet her?"
The rest of the ride back is somber and somewhat tense, but Dean hides that from everyone as best as he can. Instead, he smiles, makes jokes and acts as if he doesn't have a care in the world, when in fact it seems like he cares too
"Doesn't matter," Charlie says finally. "I wish for happiness for you, I do, but we're placing our hopes with you, Dean."
Cas looks at Dean's outstretched hand, "They're yours," he says, "You should-"
Dean retreats to where Raziel, Charlie, and Victor are standing. Charlie gives him an encouraging nod, and they lead him to one of the couches that's been pulled out by servants.
"You seem very proud of him," Castiel commented.
Gabriel kicks off the whole thing for
The plan involves Adam signing up for the joust, which he's done. But Gabriel also underlined that for the two days before it, Adam's to play sick. The idea is to have Dean take Adam's place in the joust without anyone knowing. They're similar enough in size, and if it all goes well, Dean can get out of the armor and have one of Gabriel's servants pretend that
"Good," the Alpha says, giving him a small smile that makes him want to drop to his knees.
"This court is going to be the death of us all!" Victor explodes. "I loved him, and for what? It's not my fault that I fell in love with someone who doesn't love me back. But none of us can do anything- anything! that would endanger the family. The Duke rules us all with an iron fist, and for what? We might be the most powerful family in the country, we might be the favorites of the court, but our happiness will always come second. Love will never be the end goal, it's always ambition. I'm surprised he hasn't married you off already." He gestures bitterly at Charlie.
dead on my feet."
. It's larger than any place Dean has ever seen, including his family's estate. The courtyard is busy, filled with people on horses entering and exiting the palace grounds and servants cleaning up after them. Dean slides off his big black horse (her name is Baby, she's a truly elegant horse) and takes a look around, barely noticing when a servant boy takes the reins from his hands.
"John, hush," Lord Novak says, rolling his eyes. "Dean, we've decided to back Lady Bradbury's plan to get you into the King's bed."
Raziel nudges his shoulder, interrupting them. "Dean. Now," he whispers, looking up the table at the King. And Dean supposes he has no choice. He stands and pushes back his chair, careful to keep his eyes on the floor.
so rbf, you might be asking, what are you gonna do now?
spies," Dean says vehemently. She just laughs and drains her glass. He pauses, and then asks, "What did you and Bobby have in mind for me? How can I keep a King who has everything already? Including a lover."
"Alright, but you gotta be gentle, okay?"
"About last night, I'm assuming," Dean walks out of the room.
god, I'm gonna, I'm gonna-"
is, I don't want my brother's reputation ruined because a Novak fooled him with all the oldest tricks in the book."
"Yeah. He's- what, two years older than Castiel? And he's not married. I heard him say once that he doesn't want anybody tying him down."
The steps were sly and seductive, and Dean let Benny lead though it wasn't exactly his forte to follow. Benny spun him out in time with the music, then reeled him back in, holding him close to his chest. Dean beamed up at him, leaning into his grip. At the end of the dance, they were pressed up against each other, practically breathing the other's air. And when they broke apart, Dean looked up, and saw Castiel watching them. Unable to parse out what that could possibly mean, he offered to dance with a pretty blonde woman instead.
The man has pale skin, dark brown (almost black) hair, and the most striking dark blue eyes Dean has ever seen. He's wearing a loose, white, button-down shirt, black riding pants, and boots. And his gaze is locked firmly on Dean, instead of his friend to whom he's actually speaking.
"Nope," Benny says. "Been helping out at my grandmother's estate in Huntington. She's getting older now, can't do everything by herself anymore."
"First of all," Dean says, cutting off anything they were going to say. "None of this is your fault, okay? It's on me. And Michael, obviously, 'cause that fucker ran me through. But it's not you, okay? I don't blame either of you."
"'S good that you can take a joke," he says. "Unlike
than that.
that, which had made him vain and pompous as a result. Dean could only hope that his son would not be the same. "I'm sure you have, Your Highness."
"If only," Benny muses.
Oh, he's been good; he's been making friends, flirting like he's in love with everyone in the palace, and betting on cards with Victor, Charlie and Raziel like he has a fortune to lose. But not once has he extended those same things to Castiel. He can go back to Inias, who won't give a good goddamn that the Alpha is a discriminatory fuck as long as he's in his bed, and Dean won't care.
enjoy the chapter!
"And for what it's worth, I'm sorry," Charlie continues, "I know you liked him."
," Dean muttered, and Sam shot him a warning glance. Charlie barely reacted, laughing as if Dean had said something funny. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw a courtier nearby, clearly eavesdropping.
? Meanwhile, Gabriel's smirk is two steps away from a full-blown, shit eating grin and Dean starts laughing at Sam's expression. It's one of utter bewilderment, because of the nickname, and also the fact that Gabriel hasn't let go of his hand yet.
always say to love humans above himself, but Castiel doesn't think he meant it like this.
"I'm not going anywhere," he says firmly, looking down at his human. "Do you understand, Dean?" Dean nods, but Castiel's not satisfied. "I need you to say it."
Future Cas looked at Dean the way his Cas sometimes did, with fondness and the occasional reverence and sadness and
Dean keens high in his throat. "Yeah, yeah, yours, I-" Castiel groans and Dean presses himself closer. "
Dean's self-sabotaging rationale drives him to a new truth about his relationship with Castiel. Sam discovers a new royal dynamic or two.
Bobby sighs. "Dean, this is your only chance to go back. The King's allowing second chances to the traitors, and you must take advantage of his kindness. Who knows how long it will last?"
yeah, so not much explicit sabriel in this chapter (or plot, for that matter, but I LIKE FLUFF), but there
Dean flushes- he is
Dean tries to shrug before his ribs and shoulders remind him why that is a terrible idea. So instead, he opts to reach up, and blinks real slow. Everything's slow, now. Doesn't matter, though, because Cas looks scared and sad, and he smells like it, too. He can't really wrap his head around
, for fuck's sake, not the Hunger Games."
"And we are?" Dean asks.
Dean glowers up at him. "I've been a pretty damn good patient, and that's 'cause Cas asked. I think I'm allowed some leeway. Why is
"You're ready when I say you are," Castiel growls. "Stay still." Dean obediently goes limp as he slides his fourth finger in.
"Anything you want to tell me?" he asks, tone as light and joking as possible.
Dean raises his hands. "I don't control Victor. I'll tell him to be careful, though."
"His Majesty, the King!" shouts a servant from the doorway, and Dean looks over at the other three and suddenly sees the group for what they are- good people soured by ambition. Toxic ambition that runs through them as easily as blood in their veins. He would swear never to end up like them, if he didn't think he was halfway there.
there talk of marriage?" Dean asks.
The following weeks aren't any better. Victor and Michael's-
They lead their horses out, and meet up with Raziel in the courtyard, who's getting on a large, grey stallion. He blushes hard when Dean and Victor poke fun at he and Crowley, telling them to shut up and leave it alone (they don't, of course). Michael and Inias come out of the stables a few minutes later, and Dean has to look away as his insecurities resurface. Inias is a pretty Omega, prettier when you can't hear the venom coming out of his mouth. Dean reminds himself that at the moment, Inias is losing, so he must be doing something right. And in the end, it's not about whether or not Inias likes him, it's about whether or not
for it, either," he retorts. "What are you doing here, Inias? I thought you left court."
He suggested, "A couple crowns?"
"Can't believe you roped
"It does get boring, having everyone agree with you all the time," Castiel said, leaning back on his hands. "Especially those that you'd actually like to hear the opinions of."
Adam shakes his head. "He was getting pissed," he says. "Physical stuff grounds me when I'm upset, figured it might do the same for him." Michael himself doesn't seem to be paying much attention, just staring at the broken glass on the floor at the front of the room.
instead of Inias is a huge step forward. And Dean smiles, takes the grape, and pops it into his mouth. It's nothing but eating a piece of fruit, but it means so much
Dean gives him a look, "Yeah, you kinda did."
) send his own friends in to die for a greater cause. And future Cas was this junkie who buried his hurt in decadence and women and drugs. Sort of like Dean. That Cas was twisted and hurt and scary and
"Equal in title and biology, sure," Raziel says, "But completely unequal in family and- and every way that really matters once titles and ranks are out of the way. And the Shurleys wouldn't have him anyway."
hey guys! sorry it's been so long since the last update. i've had writer's block and life has been crazy as well lately. i hope you like this new chapter though! i appreciate u <3
Castiel cuts him off quickly. "
Charles's only legitimate son was Castiel, which was why, despite the fact that he was the youngest, he was on the throne. Michael and Lucifer had been first, their mother being a lady at court who was later Gabriel's mother as well. Raphael was third, by yet another woman, then Gabriel, and Castiel by the woman he eventually married, Queen Naomi (who died in childbirth). It made Dean's head hurt to even think about. But if the concept of royal benevolence was untrustworthy to Dean and Sam, it was completely foreign to Michael, and it showed.
what I'm supposed to be doing?"
the first to make a move this time. He aims his lance and lets Baby dart forward. It hits Michael just beneath the shoulder. The announcer, who calls hits, shouts that it counts.
"You know," Sam says after a moment of silence, "You could do something else besides pine your life away."
"You, chatting up Michael. You pulled out all the stops, Vic, you can't have thought I wouldn't notice."
"Has anyone ever touched you down here before, Dean?" Castiel asks, pressing a finger to Dean's perineum, making him jerk in surprise.
"Lady Bradbury, Sir Winchester," he bows.
Sam grabs Dean's shoulder and stops him mid-hallway. "Dean. You know it's okay if you... if you like him that way. I just want you to be happy."
"Yes," Charlie says, and he lets out a breath he hadn't realized he was holding. "Whatever you're doing with him, keep it up. Inias doesn't look pleased."
"Nope," Benny grins at the same time as Victor says
"Charlie says you can sing," he whispers. "Pick something romantic. The court loves romance." Dean nods quickly and takes the guitar handed to him by some nameless courtier. Luckily for him, and for everyone else, Dean knows a
," Cas says again, and both his hands are on Dean now, jolting him back to reality.
they?
"Your family is at their estate for the moment, are they not?"
She smiled. "Most of the time, yes, but I think Castiel is trying to impress the two of you."
"Holy shit," he breathes. That's the Shurley crest, alright- and whose initials are sewn into the fabric?
"Dean, Dean, Dean," comes a purring voice from behind him the next morning. He knows it's Lucifer before he even turns around- the Alpha's scent is enough to make his stomach roll at twenty yards. In a brief flash of sentimentality he thinks of Cas, shoving down the nausea with thoughts of his calming scent. Lucifer might be a son of the former King, but even
," the Alpha says, and Dean looks up at him again. He's watching him with an intensity that Dean's only ever seen directed at other people
He tilts his head in an almost Cas-like gesture, watching Dean intently. Finally, he says, "You're welcome." He leaves quickly, stopping to talk to Adam on his way over to his table. Dean doesn't follow- he settles instead for waiting by the doorway for Cas, wondering why a Shurley, let alone Lucifer's
“So that is how Mr. Novak knows Dean. She probably introduced him in passing and Mr. Novak made the mistake of talking about the car,” reasoned Krissy.
Dean should have suspected as much. His dad was obsessed with the colt, he probably would keep the bloody thing until he died. His foolish quest to kill Azazel would be the death of him. The council was too well guarded.
Castiel opened his eyes again, searching for Dean’s. “What happened?”
Jo laughed at that. “I can’t believe that the famous Misha Collins is none other than dorky Castiel Novak. You know I saw Bella reading one the other day?”
"I was hoping we would never meet again to be completely honest, I would hate to kill such a pretty face."
Castiel’s breath caught in his throat as he read that. He took a moment before he kept reading. The rest seemed to follow a similar theme with a constant. A few tuck out to him.
“Yeah but the people at college board go nuts over angsty stuff. I am definitely going to get a four on this at
"I like your toy." He said before reaching for his pack. Then he remembered that Charlie still had his knife. Shit.
“Dean, you should stitch that while they still need to pack up camp.” Dean jumped at the whisper in his ear, not having heard Cas move.
Jo snorts. “Sure, keep telling that to yourself. Bella’s going on the ski trip, you know. She’s class president, so she’s basically organizing it. So just beware. Don’t ever ski alone.”
“Fine,” Dean conceded, “but you're coming on the ski trip.”
“Stay at my house instead. My parents won’t mind taking you.”
“Everything okay here brother?”
“Even if you are breaking down, even if you go old and senile. I promise I will support you Dean. I would go through hell if it meant you would still be with me and I you. I will love you even after you die and I will be one of the many faces you see in heaven. I will stay in your heaven all the time until you grow sick of me.”
Dean was the person on guard.
"She smiled at him nervously," I half hope nobody throws up before I go on so that I can be the most memorable." Dean just laughed and the television flashed the name of the district one female tribute. 'Naomi Angelo.'
“Ow! Excuse you.” Castiel looked up as a very annoyed Bella rounded on him wielding her phone.
“I'm Samuel, by the way. But everyone just calls me Sam.”
Castiel grabbed Dean’s jacked which was laid next to the pool and gestured Dean to get out of the pool. Dean slowly began to make his way towards Castiel, steam was rising out of the water around his Calves.
Dean waved away Castiel's concern, "bad dream. She and Jo died in it. Just wanted to make sure they were okay ya know?" He stared up at Cas through his lashes, "Jo is okay right?" Castiel's worried expression went into a blank look, carefully composed so Dean couldn't see his emotions.
Castiel turned his face into the curve of Dean's neck.
Dean could hear Ellen crying in the room next to him, with Jo muttering reassurances. The peacekeeper came into his room, “Dean Winchester. The train has arrived.” He stood up to follow the Peacekeeper out. He hadn’t cried at all since the initial reaping. Not when he had seen Ellen telling her daughter’s competition to watch out for himself. Not when his brother came in and said goodbye for the last time. Not when his dad had found a bullet more important than his own son. He vowed not to cry at all during this whole ordeal.
They were both ten minutes late to class.
“Yes Castiel, you look like you are cosplaying Constantine. We are in high school. At least lose the suit.”
“Sam? He’s the freshman right?”
“I was so close to getting Sam to bring Jess to this. Maybe have Kevin bring his mother, have this be one of the battles,” said Dean receiving a slap from Mr. Novak. “Ouch, what is it. Abuse Dean day?”
Charlie nodded but seemed worried, "you are leaving Jo and I alone to kill people?"
During the whole thing Cas was staring at Dean unblinking and Dean just watched the group argue, pretending he didn't notice.
Charlie scrunched up her nose, “yeah, kind of a shocker. We should get going soon.”
The month flew by until Halloween came around.
They ran for about ten minutes before Charlie begged for them to stop, “Dean please, I need some rest. Not everyone is worth an eleven in their physique.” Dean slowed down as she put her hands on her knees, panting.
They sat there for a minute before Dean leaned away and rested his forehead against the other man’s, “I think we should take him up on his offer.”
Castiel nodded and turned back to face his own brother. “Your brother sounds like a good person.”
“What’s wrong?” He asked. One hand ran through Castiel’s hair while the other caressed his cheek.
Dean and Crowley sat in silence for a bit before, “tributes. Please step upon the plates.” Dean stood up and stepped on the plate, he turned around just in time to see Crowley wave before the metal cylinder came down around him, rendering him blind in the darkness.
“Yeah. Speaking of losing epically, that reminds me, I had a great idea Castiel.”
Dean looked down at his keys like he wasn’t sure how they got there. “Oh I wasn’t- I was just,” Dean stammered over his words, “nothing, no. This isn’t a bad time.”
“Also, you have to come with me to my baseball games and parties.” Dean wrote it down as he spoke.
Castiel sighed, “look, you may be master of this kind of stuff but I've never had a boyfriend. Or a girlfriend.”
Castiel positioned himself, laying himself out over the pillow, ass on display, the slight chill in the air incited gooseflesh down his legs, or maybe that was excitement. "Like this?" Castiel asked.
“Well, let us hope that they keep up with the other tributes. The careers this year look as attractive as all hell.”
“Last year I heard Mr. Walker got in the hot tub with students and it was weird.”
“So, how is ignoring Bella going?” Castiel asked as he took another sip.
Dean's other hand came to rest on his lower back, warm and reassuring. "How's that?"
"Are you sure?"
“Cas! You got some mail!” Castiel’s brother called from downstairs. Castiel ran past Jody in his doorway to see Gabe waving a letter in the air.
"Why would I do that?"
Ellen nodded, clearly pleased with that answer. “Well, you have him call me when you get home son, okay?”
“Dean?” Jo prodded.
He returned and made Cas lay down. Dean rolled as far from the other boy as possible and covered them in the bag.
“It is fruitless to keep trying at the moment, we are exhausted and we need sleep to be alert.” Michael answered.
“But aren’t you still in love with Bella?” Castiel blurted out.
"Cas, there is no way we are getting out of this alive."
Castiel glared at him and proceeded to pet the dog who was asleep in his foot. “I plan to be like Michael, single for college.”
Castiel changed out his textbooks and grabbed his lunchbox before heading to the bleachers. His heart was beating unbelievably fast and felt like it would burst out of his chest as he walked to the football field. He saw Dean sitting in Castiel’s usual spot furiously scribbling on a piece of paper.
Jo smiled and squeezed Dean’s hand, “you ready Winchester.”
“Hey Cassie,” the blonde girl winked then stood up normally. “Is that a no to sex?”
"I swear Dean, you are inhuman. How have you managed to not even wince?"
Gabe finally had his license back at the start of school in January, so on the first day he drove. All three of the boys in the car sighed in relief with somebody other than Castiel at the wheel.
“Ask me again,” Castiel said quietly.
“Yeah, I think we can.” Dean followed Castiel as he walked away, slipping their hands together. As they walked by Bella Dean pulled a piece of paper with Castiel’s name on in with a small heart over the eye.
Dean was definitely going to regret this. “Look, Charlie, I already am allying with my best friend, ok? But I will see about working together until top eight.”
Castiel smiles softly at how readily he said it, how quickly he was ready to do whatever Castiel said. He looked up at Castiel with lust-blown eyes and Castiel leaned down to give him a peck on the lips before leaning in to whisper in his ear. "One finger?" He asked nervously.
“How did you know?” Dean asked.
“Cute trench coat.” She smiled and Castiel waited for the end of whatever mean jibe she was about to make. “The sixties called, they want it back.”
Dean let out a defeated sigh, “does it even matter?”
“Well then you are going to
District 10 - Gadreel - 9, Lisa - 4
“And enjoyed it.” His tone was so defeated that Krissy couldn't help but laugh.
Dean smiled, “I do now.” He drifted to sleep in the arms of his angel, knowing he would be there in the morning no matter what. In that moment Dean didn’t think of the future. Where he was now was absolute paradise.
“No,” Castiel said resolutely. There was no chance in hell he was going to be spending Valentine's day third-wheeling on a date between his brother and the brother of the guy he was pining after. There was absolutely zero chance in hell he was going to put himself through that agony. Gabriel would have to drag him kicking and screaming on that date.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, you basically confessed to going to her room and she was wearing your shirt which she heavily implied that she had gotten it straight off your body the night before.” Castiel shrugged, “it wasn’t exactly a difficult conclusion to come to.”
Dean walked up close to Castiel and gently lifted his hands, rubbing soothing circles over the red marks on his wrists from where they got slammed into the counter.
"Dean?"
She nodded and he led them over to a tree with thick roots sticking out of the ground. Underneath the roots was a crevice big enough for themselves to crouch in and still have room for pack.
“I can sew it up if we find something to use for a needle.” She wordlessly grabbed a big leaf from one of the bushes nearby and some moss. She pressed down the moss and covered it with the leaf before tying it to him with a vine. “This should hold until we find Jo. It is just a flesh wound. If we get antibiotics or something soon you will be ok.” He nodded and she went to work on sorting through things.
“All right then,” his mouth felt dry.
Dean nodded and got in line for the interview, smiling at no. She was in a sleek black dress and had her hair done in a tight bun.
Why are you laughing?
You’ve got to be kidding me.
questions.. they’re gonna need answers.
Nice job.
come to you guys, but I was rebuilding Heaven.
CHUCK
ZACHARIAH
ROWENA
Dean is sitting on the chair, he’s focused on what he’s reading. It’s surrounded by a lot of Men Of Letters books. He flips through a few pages, and he frowns. He’s looking for something. His right hand is bandaged because of the burn that Meg caused him. Sam enters the room and approaches Dean.
(angry)
Jack’s lying on his bed, looking at the ceiling.. He’s thoughtful, he’s thinking about everything Castiel did for him, he was like a father to him, the figure to take example from. A tear comes down from his cheek, he gets up and sits on the bed.
We’re in the library again. Lucifer’s building a house of cards. Jack walks back and forth with his arms crossed at his chest, taking a look at his father from time to time to keep him under control. Michael enters the room to talk to Lucifer. He walks towards him.
Uh, I’m all shaking.
I hate these things.
Dean’s nose is already broken when Chuck throws another punch to him, he uses his powers and throws him into the wall of the house where Jack was born. Dean has a broken leg too, he’s struggling to get up. The grey clouds keep getting closer and closer. Chuck uses his powers on Sam too, he throws him away. Even Sam is struggling to get up, he has a couple of broken ribs, with his hand holding his side. Meanwhile Michael and Lucifer keep fighting, Michael has his archangel blade in his right hand and he tries to hurt Lucifer. They hear a thunder in the distance, some clouds are now above them. The sun has been completely covered by them, it is as if a storm is coming. Michael and Lucifer stop fighting to watch it, even Chuck stops to watch what’s coming, something’s wrong. Jack is down, hands and knees on the ground, we don’t see his face well, we just hear him complaining. The storm gets closer, the distant thunders become more and more present until from the grey clouds comes out a huge beam of light which hits Chuck. He falls to the ground stunned and with him Michael and Lucifer who were the closest to him. Chuck doesn’t understand what’s going on, he didn’t write this. It’s not in his story. It’s not in his ending. Chuck’s not badly injured, he’s just dirt and scorched.
Meg turns her arms and squeezes her fists toward Castiel who bends in two. Dean tries to get close to Meg but she does the same thing with him and Sam.
I thought I was the only one left on
Clarence.
I- I miss him.
I’ve never seen you this broken before..
You’re not serious, are you?
(he gets angry again)
I don’t even know why I created you in
(signing)
Cas. You got to bring him back.
Chuck looks at her, still lying on the ground. All his clothes are dirty.
Sam listens to Bobby.
Alright. Let’s rock.
what happens. I’m grateful for Cas, that taught
Jack. Jack!
Hey, what side are you on?
For all you did for the old man, you got
Bobby and Sam are talking about a case.
Michael and Lucifer rise from the ground. Gabriel and Raphael look at them. From the sky comes a black smoke of demons, all those without a vessel enter the scene, hitting Chuck, as they had hit Amara a few years earlier. And the real battle begins.
and you have your hand wrapped.
(signing)
INT. BUNKER KITCHEN - LATER
it make?
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - LATER
CHUCK
I was yours the very day you dragged me
Dean winces at Castiel’s name. He’d love to ask Jack to bring him back, but he can’t be selfish, not now that Jack has so much work to do. Dean also knows that God has no power over the Empty and that it would be difficult, if not impossible, to get Castiel back. Jack raises his arm up.
to take away my crown from me, I’d
I hope so. He’s been in there a long time.
WOMAN
CHUCK
One week ago I woke up in my bed in the
MICHEAL
Have you tried to talk to him? Or follow him
(confused)
he’s sorry and disappointed)
accept that it was over. That that was it.
(he takes a breath)
Hi guys.. it’s me, again. Yeeey.
Sam pauses for a few seconds.
What did Das say about you?
Yeah, this is what Pop wanted to get
thing ever happened in my life.
ROWENA
Connor thinks for a moment, he’s confused. There’s no other explanation than the one given by Sam and Dean.
Hey guys.
Sam winces at the thought of Eileen alive. Dean would like to be happy, but in his thoughts are all for another person.
EXT. ABANDONED WAREHOUSE - LATER
WE FADE TO BLACK.
Sam turns off his flashlight and heads to Baby. Dean nods. He also turns off his flashlight, we focus on him for a couple of seconds. Then we see Baby running at night, again.
Yes. Connor’s dad left me when I was pregnant
I’m God.
There is no answer, just a grimace from Lucifer. Michael looks down, thoughtful.
family. You lost Cas. I know how much you
Would you shut up and let me talk?
Maybe.. Yeah.
CASTIEL
What now? Do you guys have a plan?
Alright. C’mon.
Written by
What are you doing?
He’ll come back.
Oh dear, you’ll go back to do what you
I’m happy that you found what you were
Crowley and Rowena smile.
like he wasn’t him anymore.
CASTIEL
(sarcastic)
See you soon.
Seriously, Dean? I’ve been living with
WOMAN
I mean, we have Cas and Jack back.
They tell stories about you in hell, about
(first softly and then he turns angry)
Dean takes his brother’s head in his hands. Behind Meg it opens a portal of black slime, like the one that took away Castiel. She takes with one hand the body of the demon she killed before and drags it with her, then turns to Sam and Dean before going.
Unless you don’t feel like it-
That’s not much to work on.
Hello boys.
Sam, Dean and Castiel are my family.
Mikey! I’m so glad you’re alive,
those monkeys?
only about yourself, so don’t come here
What’s your rush, Samuel?
presumption that you could kill me?
Jack doesn’t finish the sentence, again he bends in two, hands and knees still on the ground. Castiel worries and gets closer to the kid.
Castiel calls Dean, they’re both down, they’re gonna die. Chuck coughs, black smoke comes out of his mouth, dark smoke, it’s Amara trying to fight him from the inside. Chuck takes a step back, then shakes his head and comes clean.
We’re demons, Castiel. We don’t do right.
She smiles and turns around to find Crowley in front of her.
MICHEAL
Jack’s eyes open, they light up. They’re yellow, they’re Jack’s eyes, the color is theirs. They’re more yellow than ever. Brighter than ever before.
goodbye-speech because I ain’t gonna let you
of the night?
Protect Sammy, protect my little brother.
back.
Yeah.. the thing is, it’s kind of
Sam Winchester. Saving me. After all
Maybe not today but some day.
Lucifer is with his arms raised, he is strangling two demons, a bit of black smoke comes out of their mouths.
Sam laughs and Eileen laughs back with him.
I learned form you, and my mother, and Cas,
I wanted to believe it was just a teenage
Sam says it sarcastically, but he’s worried about his brother.
(yells)
CASTIEL
Lucifer. I can’t say the same.
No. That was all you. You did this
Lucifer turns slowly, the book still in his hands. Michael is in front of him now, Lucifer blinks and his eyes turn red.
know how Jack’s doing. We don’t
on her face)
Dean opens the refrigerator and gets a beer, closes the fridge and opens it with his hands.
Dean swallows.
The four leviathans disappear, they are reduced to dust and Rowena sighs and closes her eyes.
Uh- let’s say I’m more on my side.
doing this.
(ironic)
(he talks slowly)
What happened?
Dean gets up immediately from the chair he was sitting on and approaches Sam. Eileen does the same thing.
BALTHAZAR
When he decided to fight alongside
Sam says all this while we see him and Dean and Jack in the Impala heading for the place Sam talks about. It’s day, the sun is shining. The place where they stop with the car is the same place where Jack was born a few years earlier. There is a vast expanse of water, it is crystal clear. The music presses as they get out of the car, Michael also appears by their side as they bring the ingredients of the spell to the exact spot. Sam lays down Chuck’s book, Dean mixes the ingredients in a spell bowl.
like us. Like all the other humans you
Dean.
Let us out.
LUCIFER
INT. BUNKER LIBRARY - DAY
Dean looks at his brother.
wanted was something you can’t have.
my way, I’ll kill you too.
Everyone’s looking at her, she’s standing on her feet now and she’s holding Death’s spear, she’s got the ring, too.
Meg raises an eyebrow.
other demons to look for the missing ones but
Gabriel and Lucifer are out of breath when they talk, between one fist and another.
I’m around. (he pauses)
What I’m trying to say is that I wanna try.
Gone, I’m sorry to say exterminated by
Yeah, we are.
Give it five minutes, you won’t miss
Well, uh.. that’s a good point.
I think you’re too afraid to lose him again.
sacrificed himself.. he told me
a pretty face? I’m the Empty, I’m beyond God
Francesca (@xfraahx on twitter)
Not here, not this way.
So where does this leave us?
Why didn’t you call us? Why didn’t you
Dean gets out of the room as Jack sits next to Castiel, he can’t spot smiling at his son. Eileen takes her place in front of them. They’re talking about something we don’t hear because the camera follows Sam to the kitchen to help Dean.
What happened to Meg?
Right, so it can kill you too.
CHUCK
strong enough to fight me, so.. What
of the family. We miss you, and we miss him.
So.. Jack. You’re gonna have to make a
that when people have to be their best, they
Balthazar is awake too. He also heads towards Meg and Ruby, arms crossed behind his back.
Everybody keeps looking at Dean closely, Sam almost cries.
still here. I thought you’d be dead by now.
happens next.. is this where you kill me?
CHUCK
CROWLEY
Dean doesn’t say anything, just takes Sam’s shoulder with one hand and approaches him to hug him. Sam hugs Dean back and smiles. They stay a few seconds in silence. Then they separate.
done to you, to die at the hands of Sam
MICHEAL
(laughs)
Where am I?
We are done.
We see a few shots of Baby running in the street, then Sam and Dean arrive at their destination, Dean parks, they look at the house of the woman whose son has disappeared. They are dressed as agents.
the missing God Book and use it on Chuck.
(See the end of the chapter for
"The whole court is curious about you now," Raziel says.
Of course, good times never last long. In this case, the moment of happiness following the meeting is shattered by none other than Inias Shurley himself.
"Great. Spies."
"Alright," he mutters, "Let's try it." Grabbing the edge of the nightstand, Dean hauls himself to his feet and almost falls over immediately. The table and the bed behind him help to steady him, and he just stands there for about a minute, beaming and reveling in the fact that he can
aggressive dude when it comes to this, so Dean nudges Baby and narrowly misses the end of his lance. He swings around and
"Good," he murmurs, pushing Dean over to the bed until the backs of his knees hit the wood. Castiel leans forward and captures Dean's lips with his own. It's a sweet, slow kiss- it's supposed to be. There's no need to rush, and he wants to savor every moment of the sensation of Dean's skin sliding against his.
Dean looks over at Michael. "I, um. Thanks for that."
"Well," she sighs. "Actually, 'we' is more than you and me."
," Castiel snarls in Dean's ear, biting at Dean's neck. "All mine, Dean. My good boy. My pretty boy."
His smile got wider, "I've only heard good things."
. "Are you new to court? I've never seen you before."
"Well, if you joust as well as you flirt with pretty girls," the Beta says, grinning salaciously, "My money's going on you."
"I- uh, I guess," Dean says, trying not to look nervous.
"You should go back," Sam says quietly.
Dean wouldn't have to resort to liquor and depression to stay still if Castiel could have his way, he thinks. He would train Dean, make him want to follow orders the way he knew Dean could. He would allow the sarcastic, brazen, defiant parts of him to stay, of course- they are part of Dean, and he would never think of changing him so fundamentally. But he would be so
"Good," Gabriel says, and for once, there's no humor in his face. He's actually serious. It's unsettling.
"Had to show you," he says, after a long moment. His breath is starting to rattle, which can't be a good sign. He closes his eyes. Sleep sounds really good right about now.
. Your concern was genuine, which makes you different. You have to catch his eye somehow, Dean. Everyone needs something to make them stand out- I suppose you're going to tell the truth." He laughs, and it sounds almost bitter. "Novel, isn't it. Honesty."
"Sure," he agrees, and Castiel smiles down at him, standing and going over to the servants nearby. Dean stretches lazily, arching his back and baring his neck. As he sits up, Benny winks at him, and Michael- Michael is staring. Dean looks down- his shirt has ridden up, and a strip of his tanned skin shows to everyone. Raziel pays no attention, and neither does Benny, or Victor (beyond an exaggerated wink). But Michael and Inias are staring- and so is Castiel.
"He's just-" Dean gestures. "
At the very end of it all, Castiel sees that he must return Dean's memories. He takes care to remove every one from Dean's time in Hell, though it somewhat pains him that Dean will not be able to remember who saved him. But he will not have Dean in any unnecessary pain, and he will make his presence known soon enough, when the time is right.
started there?"
room. What the hell is he doing here? And then he remembers-
"No. Gods, no. Inias would like that, though, as would his family."
have to try and balance them, too."
Meg grinned. "I was going to win, anyway. Go on, Lafitte, Winchester. I'll take care of these for you," and she pocketed their coins again. Dean huffed, pretending to be offended.
"So Inias gave in too soon."
"Dean Winchester, Your Majesty," he murmurs as the anxious whispers in his mind die down.
unmated Omegas,
"He's finally accepting?" Victor exclaims.
"His family?"
But then there
Then none of this is real. And yeah, Dean's kind of freaking out about it.
Gabriel grins and extends a hand, which- interesting choice of gesture, Dean thinks- Alphas shake each other's hands, Omegas kneel or bow. But Gabriel wouldn't force Sam to kneel, and therefore submit, he's not that type of asshole. Also, he knows, or probably has a good idea that Dean would beat the shit out of him if he did, bedridden and injured or not. Sam's surprised too, but he recovers quickly and shakes Gabriel's hand, a small smile on his face.
by the time the door opens again to reveal Cas, looking more put-together and kingly than before.
"That, and bedding the King," Dean says.
"If you never try, you'll never know," the blonde Alpha says, grinning mischievously. He snags another flower from the ground and advances slowly, hand outstretched.
He's got to hit Michael one more time.
"Dean," Cas says, tapping his cheek lightly. "Stay awake. You had to show me what?"
that is the case- he rebuilt Dean from dust and has seen every memory, every base instinct he possesses.
"Hey, a bit forceful, are we?" Dean snorts as he sits down.
Inias is a disaster. Dean might know how to mount a horse, but Inias doesn't, which is made very clear when he needs help getting into the saddle. Now, Dean's not going to shame someone for not being able to get into the saddle- Jack's not great at it, and neither was he when he first started riding. But this... this is a whole
"When'd you get here, anyway?"
oh boy ;)) with dean out of the public eye for the moment, who steps in to fill that almost-power vacuum? well, who better than his brother, huh? good luck, sam, it's a crazy world out there.
"Alright, then," Dean says quietly, doing the same. He sees everyone else lead their horses onward, so he follows and pretends not to be slightly miffed when Castiel leads Inias' horse alongside his own.
and laughing at Raziel.
"Dean?"
AHAHA SEVENTH CHAPTER. SORRY THIS TOOK FOREVER TO COME OUT, LIFE HAS BEEN WILD. it's a little short, but there's so much fluff- there's a PICNIC and a teensy bit of ~ spice ~  (just a little, but it is THERE ALL THE SAME) so hang on to your hats, readers!
Dean took his hand and shook it, "Dean Winchester."
Dean touches down on the side of the road, feeling lost and hurt and sad, like the world is crumbling around him and there's nothing he can do to stop it. Although he isn't really sure if he wants to stop it anymore.
Footsteps in the corridor prompted him to lift his head. In the doorway was his brother, Sam Winchester, holding his hat in one hand and wiping the sweat from his brow with the other.
"I thought Bobby and Charlie said you weren't going to-" Sam cuts himself off, because that is
>:)) this chapter is more plot than anything, and focuses more on dean. and adam, of course! also, sam's going to have his own little plot (that's technically started in this chapter), and despite not being really involved in court business (yet), he's still important. we
, who knows) in Inias, then making friends is probably the best thing to do.
by the way, this chapter and the next few are where the plot really speeds up, so hold on to your hats !
to make him feel like he couldn't say it.
"Yeah," Raziel says. "And you, my friend, you are neither. Not yet. Any move you make will end up being interpreted as a declaration of loyalty to either one family or the other. One cause or the other. I was trying to do that in the beginning, but everyone knows now that I'm in support of Castiel on the throne."
It is not the bait he thought it was, as it turns out. The Alpha's name is Victor Novak. He's the son of one of the heads of the Novak family, and he's almost exclusively into other Alphas and Betas. They talk about music, mostly, and alcohol, and before Dean knows it, dinner is wrapping up. He takes that chance to look up and sees Castiel's eyes on them. He can't hide forever, it's clear, especially when Castiel claps his hands once to get the attention of them all. He decides that it's time for entertainment.
"Good boy," he says, and decides to reward Dean for his behavior by grinding his crotch against Dean's. Dean makes a soft, surprised noise and stares up at Castiel as he continues, rolling his hips and delighting in the sounds his human makes.
"What the hell," he mumbles, straightening up and pushing through the throng of confused party-goers. There's a sandy-haired Alpha lounging against the left side of the doorframe, holding an almost-empty bottle of wine. The music cuts off sharply and Sam realizes how quiet everyone really is. For once, the entire court is dead silent.
also, my apologies for this being so late! i got a new laptop, and working with it/getting all of my stuff (including the drafts for this chapter!) onto it has taken longer than i had thought it would. i'm glad to be back, though <3
"Oh, why not," Dean said flippantly, and began reshuffling the cards.
"I look forward to our next dance," he says, still holding Dean's waist in his hands, and Dean flushes yet again. Not finding the right words for the situation, he just smiles, bows low, and steps out of the King's grasp.
too funny, the woman tentatively makes eyes at Dean, and Raziel entertains them all with old jousting tales. Charlie's sitting with a few Shurleys tonight, and it's looking like she's got them on the end of her string. Her charm apparently surpasses even family rivalries.
to get this chapter out. srsly. life's been wild, i've been writing for other pairings and all sorts of things, and this had to be put on the back burner until i could finish it. luckily i did and here we are! thank you for all the continued support despite my looooong absence.
Dean takes the question for the peace offering that it is and says, "Fuck if I know," shoving his hands in his pockets. He takes one out to slap at his ribs- "It's not like I get out to hear the gossip, not with this."
The thought of Inias and Castiel together again is way more painful than Dean thinks it should be. Didn't he decide that
"Yeah," Sam says, like Dean should have known the whole time. "After you left, Bobby offered to take him in and send him to court. His mom was our neighbor a few years back- Kate Milligan, remember? Well, she asked, and he's here now, so Bobby delivered."
at him.
Michael frowns, but Gabriel cuts in before he can say anything. "Lucifer, let him go. You'll get to speak with His Grace if you're calm about this."
He takes a deep breath when nobody's watching and grabs a random glass of wine from a table. As he drinks (he's going to need another), there's a tap on his shoulder. He plasters on a smile and turns to see Prince Gabriel behind him, wearing possibly the most wicked smirk Dean has ever seen on anybody.
"Exactly," she says, the hem of her dress brushing Dean's feet as she walks past him. "They're-" she pauses. "I'll let them tell you."
"W-where's the girl?" he asks, uncharacteristically nervous. Castiel just takes a step closer.
Sam, Dean's younger brother, is in said gardens now. He is with their adopted brother, Jack, and they are sparring, though they're careful not to actually hit each other.
"Thank you," he said, and sounded a lot like he meant it. "I've told your brother this as well, but I wanted to make sure you heard it as well- I'm grateful that you decided to come back to court. I know my father was..." he pursed his lips, clearly searching for an appropriate phrase, "Difficult to serve, but I always admired your dedication to him."
"Watch everything," Raziel advises. "Watch everything, and listen to everyone. You cannot afford to be out of the conversation."
"It does," he insists. "Is he trouble?"
Dean rolls his eyes. "Again, there's no way out of this. I'm a player in this game and forfeiting isn't an option."
"I'm not really the party-going sort of guy," Sam says, for lack of anything better. Gabriel just shrugs and takes a long pull from his glass.
from the crowd and holds him down, pressing the jagged edge to his throat.
Dean blinked in confusion (child? in the stables?). "I'm Dean."
It's good, because anger is easy. And there's a
"Sir Winchester," Castiel smiled back at him, blue eyes bright. "Your brother was just telling me about how hard Aquarius is to find."
the update you were probably hoping for, and first, right off the bat, i apologize for that. it's literally been months since my last update even though i was working really hard on making sure that sort of thing didn't happen. but there are going to be some major changes going on with this fic!
"Doesn't matter," Dean mutters.
"Thank you," he says, mentally kicking himself for enjoying the closeness too much. When he pulls back, Cas is smiling at him, which is arguably the best thing in the world, hands down.
Cas smiles. "You are," and Dean laughs, trying not to rile himself up so his ribs don't start hurting again.
are saved, Dean Winchester," he says firmly. "You are saved, because the Father has deemed you worthy. And
," he says slowly, like Dean's stupid. "And because, if Victor wasn't a high-ranking Novak and an Alpha, he'd be ruined by what he's doing."
comment/kudos if you liked this >:)
, Sam. If that. Cas has shown absolutely no romantic interest in me and that's fine, alright? It's fine. I get it. There's no way in hell I'm going to tell him that- what, that I'm insecure? And tell him my feelings for him aren't exactly
Dean has to remind himself then not to get too cocky. When he first came to court, the Shurleys had just edged out the Novaks, and Inias was the favorite of the court. And now, in a few short weeks, the Novaks have eclipsed the Shurleys, and everyone thinks Inias' days as favorite are numbered. Things move very,
dangerous." It's true- the last time Dean and Sam strapped into their armor, the impact of Dean's lance on Sam's chestplate threw the younger man right off of his horse. He had to stay in bed for weeks as his ribs healed. But roughness and violence have always gone hand in hand with Winchesters- although Dean hopes it stays with him, that Sam and Jack will be happy and not take after their respective fathers the way Dean has.
"It's because I'm an Omega, isn't it?" he says, and suddenly the anger rushes out of him, only to be replaced with self-loathing. He had to be born a goddamn Omega, didn't he?
"So that's the Duke," she says, grinning.
, okay? I told you already, we were just talking. It's not my fault that he's into someone else now."
"You'd flirt with me?" He finally asks Victor. It's the only thing he can think to say, though it's completely irrelevant in the grand scheme of things.
He scowls, good mood gone. "I wouldn't trust Lucifer in the same room with an animal, let alone with a kid. I think he tried to kill Cas and Gabriel, and maybe, if he wanted to get back on good terms with them both, he shouldn't have showed up and threatened Adam."
That's Lucifer Shurley, King Charles' illegitimate son. He was exiled
sam comes in soon guys ;) so keep an eye out for that if you're a sam girl (gender neutral)!!
and when Dean talks, he
Raziel and Charlie are back at the couches by the time Dean gets there. Charlie is hiding a smile while Raziel just nods at him as he comes closer.
gratifying feeling. He pulls back to look down at his human- Dean is flushed, eyes wide and pleading. A thin layer of sweat starts to bead up on Dean's forehead, neck and chest, which Castiel finds incredibly tempting. He buries his face in Dean's neck, licking a broad stripe from his collarbone to his jaw. He tastes salty, and the scent of him makes Castiel almost dizzy.
"Holy shit."
, over and over. He rubs at Dean's nipples- he knows how sensitive they are. Dean lets out a quiet moan and Castiel chuckles, leaning up and swiping his tongue across one of them.
"Don't thank us yet," the Duke grumbles. "The Winchesters were once a great family, and helped the Novaks gain power and places at court. My husband has convinced me that returning the favor is not only the right thing to do, but will benefit us both, going forward."
Gabriel's smile is tight. "How did you get in here?"
"I'm sure you have," Dean said, and it came out sounding more mocking than he'd intended it to. Well, maybe he'd intended to a
"You're slow," she rolls her eyes.
"Hi, Cas," he rasps, looking up at the Alpha. Cas' hair is even more unruly than usual, it's wild and all over the place like he's been running his hands through it. There are dark shadows under his eyes that
what I was worried about," Cas mutters, eyes glued to the mess that is Dean's chest. He's bleeding in a couple places, and what isn't bleeding is already bruising.
," Dean hisses. "Like a mother hen. I told him he looked dead on his feet and that he should go back to bed before he collapses.
(their father was always
the time."
It was then that Dean saw the king- the man from the hallway that had bumped into him. With the crown on his head and how he was decked out in royal robes, he suddenly looked far more regal than he had in that hallway.
"See you around, Cas," he says tiredly, and walks away, back to Charlie and Raziel and Victor. He puts on a smile, and acts like he's been swept off his feet, not like his hopes (and his heart, not that he'll ever admit it) have been broken, thrown down like they didn't mean jack to begin with. And when Charlie asks him why the King looks like he's been left at the altar, Dean lies through his teeth and says he doesn't know. Oh, she doesn't believe it- of course she doesn't. And nobody else does, either, but thankfully, they don't press.
And he's wearing a smirk that should be made illegal.
He shrugs. "We all do crazy things in our youth. Didn't you?"
"I got some things for you," the Alpha says, and when Dean looks up, he's practically blushing. He goes back over to the chair he'd unceremoniously dumped the books on and picks them up, bringing them back to the bed. Dean reaches out to take them from him.
It's a rather quickly-paced dance, so there isn't much time for conversation. But as Victor whirls Dean around the room, they catch a glimpse of Raziel accepting a dance from a shorter man in a black suit.
. Castiel's scent doesn't make his head spin now, like it did five minutes ago- no, now it's just a sickly reminder of how far down the damn food chain he is.
"You had better," Inias says quietly.
So much had changed since Dean was last at court. He'd changed, himself- his face was more wrinkled, his clothes were plainer, and his eyes weren't as bright as they were then. But Whitehall had changed as well. There were more people there, and they whispered in hallways and gave both Sam and Dean considering looks. Five long years had passed, and he and Sam were once more new to this place and these people.
i hope all of you will join me in the journey the new fic will take us on! i love each and every one of you. thank you for reading The King's Court <3
The palace is
So she's worked it out, then. Dean doesn't argue. He rolls out of bed, runs a hand through his hair, and changes clothes. All the while, Charlie is watching with a hard expression Dean can't decipher.
of you!" The Beta lets out a squeak as Dean sticks the flower behind his ear. Benny scrambles out of the way, saying something about
Lucifer's expression shifts to something calmer, but no less devious. "Mikey,
Right. The joust, Gabriel's plan, and Michael. He almost grins with pride- he might be absolutely wrecked, but he won, and that's the important bit. Dean takes a breath.
Cas frowns, brows furrowed. "No." He presses a cup of water into Dean's hands, and he drinks half before speaking again.
He forces himself to take a moment to steady himself. Dean wasn't Castiel's then, but he is now, and that is what matters. He can do nothing about the past but keep it from plaguing Dean in the present as best as he can.
She sighs. "I'm sorry, Victor. It's the way it is, though. We made the choice to come here, and now we're paying the piper, aren't we?"
Dean can almost hear Charlie rolling her eyes. "True, but all Dean really has to do is befriend him. I got you your newest title by advising His Highness on how to keep the other lords in line."
Castiel shrugged (at which Dean almost did a visible double take, that was
It takes Sam a quick second to register- oh, she's talking about
"It's..." Dean trails off, searching for the right word.
"The Duke's not pleased with you," Charlie says bluntly.
Dean sits, back resting against the headboard of the bed. And he has the good sense to kick off his boots before he swings his feet up and onto the bedding, at least. Tipping his head back to rest it against the wood, he exhales through his nose and then, finally, moves to crawl under the covers. Castiel decides to chase away Dean's nightmares for tonight.
"Alright, alright," he muttered, putting up his hands in mock defeat.
"So you're the bait for the Novaks, huh?" Benny asks.
"Very well," he says. He pulls Dean forward to press the royal kiss of approval to his forehead, and for a moment, Dean meets Castiel's eyes. And he lets go, for a brief, beautiful moment at the Alpha's feet. But they have an audience, so Dean rises and backs away, lowering his gaze once more. He bows deeply to Prince Gabriel, a short Alpha with dirty-blonde hair and almost golden eyes. He waves away Dean's gesture with a crooked smile. So Dean takes his leave, dipping his head to Castiel once more.
"Six foot four," Sam sighed.
"He isn't playing the long game," she says diplomatically.
by asking
"I asked Sam for them," he says, his smile growing softer. "He and I both thought you might like to have them."
"Good," Castiel praises. "If you don't like anything, or you feel uncomfortable or scared, you will tell me. Is that clear?"
on Castiel, and it's a heady mix of Castiel's earthy scent and Dean's, which smells vaguely like honey and lavender and his sweat. The combination should not smell as fan-fucking-tastic as it does, but
are fancy- they're made of heavy red cloth, with designs of gold stitched in. The scent alone, paired with the crest on the curtains tells Dean everything he needs to know about where he is. This is
So why does it feel like a hollow gesture, somehow?
"Oh?" Dean asks.
"You know what, Cas?" Dean says, thankful that the song is ending. "You know what? I really thought you'd be different. Better than all the other Alphas who did the same things, who tried to stop me from doing what they thought I couldn't 'cause of my stupid status. I guess I was wrong."
"I'm sure it will," Charlie says smoothly.
Dean looks up. "Well, now you have to," he says, handing it to the other man and keeping
"What did you mean?" he asks quietly. "What was Victor doing?"
places out of respect and not a small amount of second-hand embarrassment- but he's being hand-fed.
"That's a good thing, isn't it?" Dean asks. He
fault that Castiel thinks he's somehow lesser.
his job to make sure the family's reputation can be saved. Dean has doubts about the plan, but Uncle Bobby thinks it could work. And he's usually right about such things. So maybe miracles can happen.
"Lord Novak," Charlie says, curtsying to both this man and the one behind a massive dark wood desk in the center of the room.
Castiel lets out a quiet laugh. "I
"Almost thirteen, now," Dean hums, and remembers that Jack's birthday is in a few months, and he really should be home for that. "Sam is 23."
"There are other ways," he can hear Charlie walking up behind him. "You don't have to sleep with him or even
like a squirrel," Sam counters, rolling his eyes. "Whenever we get pie, you cram all of it in your mouth at once like you haven't eaten in a week." He puffs out his cheeks. "You look like a squirrel."
," he says. "Ray doesn't usually- his work to keep the Novaks in power takes up most of his time, and Crowley just bothers him. But maybe he's considering it."
Raziel arches an eyebrow. "You're not looking to settle down, Dean?" he asks, voice almost sardonic.
not."
He flushes hard and halfway wishes that the earth would open up and swallow him whole, because Castiel is
Inias might have ridden previously) in the hopes of keeping his cool.
"So you're telling me
“You two will be watched by everyone,” Bobby said, hands folded on the desk in front of him and expression serious. “Half of this court has never seen you before, and there have been wild stories spread over the past few years.”
"I'd be honored," Dean says as the Alpha lifts his glass of wine.
"He is nothing if not persistent," a familiar voice adds from behind them-
"Pretty much," Dean shrugs. Benny laughs.
And she was coming their way.
Then a shadow falls over him, and he feels someone's hand brush his ear. He tilts his head back to look-
as possible is your end goal."
"Cas," he whispers weakly, grasping at the angel's shoulders. Cas lets him, nods with him.
"You're being called to this morning's meeting with the heads of the Novak family," Charlie explains, turning and opening the door for him.
Dean's not much of a reader, alright? That's more Sam's thing, that's down his alley 'cause he's the smart one. Dean
Her tone softens. "You know I don't blame you. None of us do."
Lucifer rolls his eyes. "Buzzkill. See you around, Dean," he sneers and saunters off.
"I'm here, Dean. I promise you, I'll always be with you."
ALRIGHT! the plot speeds up a little bit from here, and sam's involved now so >:) we'll see how THAT goes. also adam! my boy! my sweet sunshine child! i love him. he had to be in here, the bby.
"That depends, Your Highness," Dean smiled.
"This place reminds me of the countryside near my family's estate," Raziel says, running a hand through his dark hair. "It was my mother's favorite. We would braid flowers into her hair when we were younger."
"I got lost and ran into Adam Milligan on my way here," Sam shrugs. "When I told him I'm your brother, he gave me directions and told me something interesting- you took his place at the joust because you and- you and the
"What was he
looking, he
Because Dean apparently can't have nice things, it sends him into a coughing fit, and his chest screams with pain with every breath he drags in. Someone bursts into the room, judging by the footsteps and the sound of the door, but Dean's doubled over, can't see them, and is too out of breath to care. They're talking, rubbing his back and murmuring to him, and as the hacking coughs subside and he's able to take a breath, he recognizes Cas' scent.
He lets go of Cas’s hand before they get to the parlor.
“Good. Now get down here.” Dean shifts over onto his side and puts his picture carefully in the chest, away from the oil jar.
“Say you’ll tell me, if I hurt you.”
Cas lies there on him, breathing through his open mouth like a toddler. Dean can’t stand to lie still, but he doesn’t want to move, either.
“You gonna ride your boy?” Dean amends.
Castiel sighs as Dean swallows him back up again, still keeping his hat on with one hand. “I don’t— hm. I could take you home,” says Castiel, and Dean hums approval. “I could keep you there, just for me. You wouldn’t need clothes, or anything. No rough fabrics for your skin. You could spend your time in silk robes, or in nothing at all. You could lounge around in my bed, naked in silk sheets, and wait for me.”
“Alright,” says Dean, feeling awkward about it for some reason. “You got that list?”
Cas is sitting at his desk, reading some massive Men of Letters tome. He doesn’t turn around. The bed is freshly made.
If I may be sincere for a moment, I know this chapter was a lot, so thank you for bearing with me. When I started writing this fic, it was just a thought experiment for myself and I didn’t have an AO3 account. I wrote these chapters for 15.09 fairly early on and considered them the ‘ending,’ because I felt they covered (my interpretation of) season 15 pretty well. I was happy to leave Dean and Cas’s future in this world unimagined, as I had already written one finale fix-it and had no desire to address the finale any further. I honestly still don’t.
“Thank you, Dean,” says Cas as he begins undressing in the middle of the room.
Realizing how he sounds, Dean backtracks. “I’m gonna read it, though. I want to. Just was busy yesterday, what with—well, you’ll see in a bit, I guess.”
then Dean climbs on top of Cas and worships him as best he can, with touch.
Even after deciding to disobey, it had taken Dean years to start to think maybe he hadn’t deserved what he’d got, and when Dean had broken from John Winchester’s philosophy, he’d broken with all of it— if Dean’s actions hadn’t been wrong, John’s judgement had been. If John’s judgement was wrong, so was the world that had created and permitted it. So was the country, so was God, so was everything that wasn’t Sister Jo’s Good Times Saloon. Dean had turned his back on all of it.
“I didn’t make it to the damn door. He heard me riding up and started asking questions. Rudely.”
Dean doesn’t know, himself. “May could have written me, is all,” he says quietly. Balthazar had written, once, a few months after they’d left, but he hadn’t given Dean an address to reply to, and he hadn’t written again. Dean had never even gotten the chance to tell them there was no need to be so secretive.
Dean, his full weight resting on his arms, turns the taps off, even though the bath isn’t nearly full. “Skip ahead. Get to the good part.”
“I was rude, though.”
How he’d figured that out is beyond Dean. He doesn’t see the connection, between what they’d talked about last time, and an event John had never even known about. But the implication in Cas’s words, combined with his sympathetic tone, is too much. Dean swallows. “Let go of me.”
He gives the letter to Rufus to take back, and Rufus gives him a word or two about taking so long. Then he spends the rest of the day a nervous wreck. He’s practically bouncing off the walls, annoying Donna with his excitement. Donna was trying to show him how to cook a pie, which of course Dean would be eager to learn, if he had any reason to believe Donna properly knew how to make one. Instead he buzzes around her while she mixes strawberries and beets in a bowl. She puts up with him. A client makes a day call and Dean about rushes him right back out the door, he works so fast. He’s already got permission from Sister Jo to take off for the night, whenever Cas showed, though she said she wasn’t gonna pay him for it.
The problem- Michael's interest is waning. There's a new man at court; apparently, because Dean's a male Omega high in favor with the King, families have decided that their male Omegas have a shot, too. The Omega is Adam Milligan, a young blonde man, probably younger than Sam, with a bright smile and a mellow attitude. Dean likes him- he reminds him a bit of Jack, in a way. But the point is that apparently, Michael's attentions, like the rest of the court's, are fickle at best and very prone to change. Victor had shrugged and said he wasn't bothered by it, though Dean (and everyone with eyes and a brain) could clearly see that he was. Dean also didn't miss how relieved Raziel had looked at the news, though he chalked it up to happiness that Victor wouldn't destroy the family reputation.
Victor's grip tightens. "Yes," he says. "You were honest with him. In this court, nobody's ever honest. We're all forever in service to the King, letting him win any games we play, constantly pandering to his whims and pretending to adore him. But just then-
i loved writing this, but as i go through it now, i realize that in the short time of seven months since this fic was started, my writing style has changed. not only that, but also the way i wanted to tell this story has changed as well. i was going to initially rework/rewrite this fic, but i wanted to make so many changes that if i did end up rewriting, it would change the plot entirely, in a way i wasn't totally comfortable with.
"You're playing a part here," he says, "So you're going to need a band of actors to accompany you. To make it seem real," Victor explains. "So what we'll do, is hang around you a lot. I'll flirt with you occasionally, Raziel will take you places- things like that. The point is to make you seem like as much of a catch as possible."
At court, you can play cards all you like, but the one thing that everyone does more than anything- more than riding, or singing, or anything else, is flirting. So, when Charlie requests, Dean puts on his most charming smile (the one that got girls to giggle and smile at him back home) and flirts. He banters with Victor and Raziel, playfully teases Charlie, and shoots winks at pretty girls as they watch him gamble. And it is exhausting.
Sam struggles for words for a moment, "Dean- why didn't you say anything earlier, if this is how you feel?"
"Sure it is," he laughed and dismissed it with a wave of his hand. "Anyway, as I'm sure you've already discovered, Your Highness, Sam's the intellectual of the two of us."
"I'm not leaving you," Castiel promises, and summons Dean's remains from the ground.
"Dean," Castiel interrupts, reaching out to wrap his fingers around the other man's wrists. "Let me do this. Put aside your fears and trust me, know that I will take care of you." Dean stays stiff for a moment, fists clenched- but then he relaxes, mumbling something about weird dreams and
"Crowley?"
"I'm going to move just a little, sweet boy," he says. "Keep your hands where they are." Dean nods, and so he shifts from straddling him to spreading his legs and settling between them. A bottle of lube appears beside Dean's thigh as Castiel unzips Dean's pants, gently urging him to lift his hips so he can pull them and his boxers off.
"Sounds like you're doing it for me," he blurts out, and goes an even darker shade of red when he realizes what he's said.
"Are you joining, Winchester?" asks a slim Beta from across the table. The Alpha sitting next to him grins and arches an eyebrow at Dean, his gaze trailing over Dean's upper body. He pointedly doesn't think about that part too hard, and focuses on the question instead.
Michael sighs. "You know exactly what my point is. Leave Sir Winchester alone, brother dear, so we don't have to escort you out when he inevitably and justifiably assaults you for your terrible behavior."
"Snitch," Dean mutters, and takes another drink. Sam just snorts.
"It's a rose bush," he says. "The actual roses haven't bloomed yet, but they should pretty soon." To say Sam is wary of the whole situation would be an understatement. An unmated Omega in a secluded place with an unmated Alpha? It's a recipe for disaster on its own.
Adam smiles, however guarded it is, and says, "Be my guest. I'm Adam."
"I suppose," Victor says.
attitude. Dean would know- he's got it too. So. If Cas is just trying to make himself feel less guilty, then-
His hunger is like a roaring fire now, stoked by this lovely man's presence. The girl disappears.
have history," he snaps. "You want to know how Jack is, because I'm assuming that's why you're here? He looks more like his mother than you, he
They both turn. It's another courtier, an Alpha by the look of him, and he looks vaguely familiar. Not anyone Sam's met (that he remembers, anyway). But it doesn't seem to matter, because he's talking to Adam, and Adam seems to recognize him.
It's a pleasure to meet you, Your Highness." He bows to Gabriel and nods to Adam.
Dean looks over to see Inias watching them with a blatant look of distaste. "No, he doesn't," he agrees, snickering a little. Raziel is biting the inside of his cheek to keep himself from laughing, and Victor is snickering into his hand. It's lighthearted now, but Inias spells trouble, and they all know it. But for the moment, Dean is sitting with his friends, at court, having just danced with the King. Inias has never mattered less.
"Indeed," Victor adds archly, "I almost had a heart attack when he accepted the first one."
Michael glares down his nose at his younger brother. "I am happy to serve the King. As you should be, instead of letting your ambition rule you."
"I've got a proposition for you," the blonde says, eyes glinting in the light.
Crawling up Dean's body, Castiel captures his lips with his own before positioning himself at Dean's hole. They lock eyes as he sinks in slowly, but halfway through Dean breaks eye contact to throw his head back, arms still resting above him.
we take a brief (brief. real brief) break from court intrigue in favor of baby jack truthing (i love that kid) and mentions of non-binary!raphael!!!
"To Sir Winchester," he says, "Here's hoping you win." Victor, Dean, Raziel, the Omega girl, and the Beta man raise their glasses in return, clinking them together. The rest of the dinner passes in a similar fashion- the Alpha and Beta making crude jokes that Victor finds
"Have you been waiting long?" he asks, and Dean practically bursts into tears on the spot.
"Uh-huh," Dean mutters, sneaking another glance at the two.
"My apologies," he said, and raked a hand through his hair. "I didn't see you."
Servants poured out of the kitchen and into the hall, carrying large dishes. It was a feast, and Dean couldn't stop himself from trying just a bit of everything.
," he hisses. "Now come on."
was the one riding for Adam. With any luck, Dean will have his fun, Gabriel will have his, and Adam will get to participate in his very first plot in court.
"Sir Winchester," Castiel interjects when the music stops. He holds out his hand and smiles. "May I have this dance?"
"I don't want to go to court," Dean says. "It's- it's stupid. Dad didn't like it there, and I don't either."
Really, he
"I know."
and it's getting out of control. Cas also brings him his meals personally, instead of using servants
Dean shrugged. "Close enough."
"Were you thinking of entering?"
"Why's that?" he asked cautiously.
They come quickly.
Castiel gently pulls at Dean's flannel, tugging it down his arms until it drops to the floor behind them. He is unable to stop himself from sliding his hand under the sleeve of the other man's t-shirt and placing his hand firmly over his handprint. Dean shudders against him, letting out a tiny whimper. He grinds his hips up into Castiel's helplessly, and Castiel pulls away from Dean's spit-slick lips to push him down and get him to sit on the bed. He doesn't move his hand.
She leaped down deftly and rolled once she hit the ground, “bitch please.”
_--_+_--_
“Don’t be a dick, Gabe.” Castiel carefully pulled into a parking spot that was surrounded by other empty spots. He got out of the car and looked around to make sure he was in his lines. The answer: just barely. He considered it good enough so he turned off his engine and told Gabe to get out.
“Yeah, she died a bit ago. The girl is Dorothy,” Charlie smiled at the picture affectionately.
“Remember how I said I wanted to taste new things,” Castiel purred out. He began to slide down Dean’s body to put his face near his cock. Dean was a little slow on the uptake though.
“Why does he hate you again?” Castiel asked.
"Hey Charlie." Dean smiled at the redhead and attempted to pull himself into sitting position.
Castiel’s climax came to an end, he sagged against the bed as Dean continued to pump in and out of his body. He was unbelievably sensitive all over. He looked up at Dean’s face who was staring at him like he had just witnessed a miracle.
“The secret,” Dean said, “is to add vanilla to the apple filling. It really makes the dish better.”
“Hell no,” Dean said in mock offense, “I would never do something that girly.”
"Smart ass," Dean grumbled. He still leaned on her a little and let her help him walk over to the rock.
_--_+_--_
“Dean, what the hell happened out there?” Charlie glared at him and threw off her pack.
“Wait, wait, wait. I didn’t see your car out front when I got here. Did you walk?”
"Well carry her then."
Dean raised an eyebrow, “you convinced Jo to come.”
After a few minutes, Dean had finished rolling out the crust. He pulled two bowls and forks from the cupboard and portioned out the scampi.
Castiel felt like he had been stung at the last couple of words. “Do you want me to leave?” He started to back away.
Castiel’s heart was pounding a million beats a minute as he scooted closer to him, bending his neck up and pressing his lips against Dean’s. He felt Dean’s brief jolt of surprise.
Castiel grinned and Dean's heart skipped a beat. "A contrar Dean, this is one of the best. We just need a strategy." He turned to Kevin. "You said in your interview you were a team leader. You know how to utilize people's strengths and weaknesses."
Dean rolled off his lap and held out his hand. He loved holding hands with Cas. His warm and soft hands fit in his comfortably and filled Dean with tingles that sent butterflies fluttering freely. He knew he was lucky that Cas even wanted to hold his hand. He was a mess of daddy issues and snarky attitude. Not to mention the fact that he was a complete slut. Sometimes Dean worried that he or Sam had sold their souls and forgotten about it. There was no other way Castiel would have chosen Dean any other way while plenty of other girls were just as horny and eager. Also they had considerably less baggage.
“Oh, really? I hear Winchester is a very good snowboarder. You should get him to teach you.” She raised an eyebrow in challenge.
Dean cleared his throat. “Stop avoiding the topic. What did you want to wanna talk about?”
Gabe opened his and started laughing. “Jody, I don’t think Cassie is gonna need these.” Castiel looked down into his own and felt his face burn up. Inside were at least four dozen condoms, neatly rolled up, and a bottle of lube.
“Right you are. Anyways, today we will be doing multiplayer minigame team battle,” He made jazz hands.
“What?” Dean’s head snapped up.
Castiel nodded, gesturing towards his duffle next to the bed. “Lube and condoms are in there.” Dean hurriedly leaned over, not letting Castiel out of his lap and grabbed the stuff. “Somebody is eager,” he tried to tease.
“Yes,” Charlie and Jo said in unison. Castiel buried his face in his hands.
The thing he hadn’t accounted for nearly enough was his injury, which hadn’t bothered him after carrying Jo around the day before. He felt the stitches Cas had made split and a blinding pain filled his abdominal area and he stumbled.
Castiel stopped and stared it down, not sure what to say. So instead he kept reading. There were several dirty ones in the mix and many things talking about little things Castiel had said or done during the day before which had made Dean supposedly ‘loved’ him. The last note was dated the day before the ski trip.
“Everything,” the girl next to him gestured, “When? How? Dean is really quiet about it and you’re always too busy to talk.”
"You distract him while I sneak around."
Dean followed Castiel as he led him out of the kitchen into one of the many bedroom’s in Lee’s house. Dean punched a wall when he entered, then ducked down clutching his hand.
Cold, as Cas shifts further and the blanket lifts. Cas climbs up and pushes him down onto his back. He settles down on top of Dean, and starts petting his hair, like that’s all he wanted to do, like he can’t see Dean panicking beneath him. He leans down and kisses him, but Dean can’t kiss back. He’s not sure he’s breathing.
“I don’t—“ Cas’s brow furrows. “They won’t be able to pay you. That would be a fraction of two different routes—“
“Hell yeah, you are.”
“You son of a bitch,” says Dean, crossing the room in two strides and hugging him quickly, then grabbing and kissing Balthazar on the cheek. “Y’all are gonna love it there, I swear. We’ll find a good place. Won’t be New York, or Boston, but it’ll be good, I swear.”
“Shut up.”
20. Parson pigs (Isle of Man)
“I don’t. I don’t drink, don’t chew tobacco, don’t smoke. I only stay in hotels once every five weeks. I just got paid in Santa Fe.”
He doesn’t know how to finish.
They push the hand aside and Crowley starts dealing another one.
“Whiskey advice.”
DRAMATIC ZOOM on Chuck in judge’s robes
He hits the mattress backwards, pulling Cas down on top of him, memory foam sinking beneath them. Cas is kissing into him slowly—
“I didn’t mean to imply—”
“—So where are we, anyway?” Dean asks, looking around at the bare walls and assorted furniture.
Dean licks his lips. “Before or after I fuck you?”
And Dean, well.
Castiel sucks in a breath. “—perfect for this,” he says, almost a minute later. “You’re so beautiful.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I’ll tell you in a second.” She sits on the bed beside him. “First, I want to tell you that Bobby had a talk with me yesterday, and do you know what he told me?”
And John meets his eyes for the first time in five years. “There you are. Too afraid to come down and face me like a man? Let me ask you something, you pansy-ass piece of shit. Where the hell do you get off?”
Dean doesn’t say.
“Are you?!?”
“Because I’m not their whore,” Dean goes on.
“Why would I bother to lie, Cassie, when to make it true only costs two dollars? After all, a whore is a whore is a—“
Cas squints, trying to navigate that sentence. He’s seen enough porn to know how gags are used, but he can’t tell if Dean is intentionally being sexually suggestive or not. “Do you have a gag?” he asks curiously.
thrown out so casually in the middle of a conversation about something completely different from him. “I’ll write you a letter,” Cas offers. “I can’t send it until I reach Santa Fe, though.”
“More?”
“Then I’m gonna keep apologizing. Gonna win you back.”
The return journey is strange, at first. They travel by road, for one thing; the freewheeling dust there is almost luxurious after the cactus and burrs of the open range, and while Dean is glad that it’s easier on Baby, he misses knowing that they wouldn’t meet another soul on the journey. There aren’t many travelers on the way, though they do pass through a few little towns, some of them with square pueblo buildings like Santa Fe, but mostly little wooden homesteads like Abilene.
“Hey,” says Jo, her head against his chest, “you didn’t ask him to do it, right? Krissy reckons maybe you did.”
“I just… I’m sorry, Cas. I didn’t know. I didn’t know about you, or me, I just got there to the Empty and it was like I couldn’t—Oh, my god.” Dean stares off into space.
“Forty,” says Crowley.
You hate it.
gotten in a fight with Cas? “No, sir, guess moral degeneracy is just in my blood, sir. Pay here’s good,” he adds. “If you’re interested,” he adds again, brazen from the anxious, stupid frenzy. He winks. “I can put in a good word with the boss for you.”
Dean shakes his head and drops his fist.“What did you come here for, then?”
“Whatever you want. Just don’t stand over my shoulder.” Cas was focused again, Dean realizes, frowning hard at his own face. He crawls around on the bed, tilting the mirror up against the headboard and sitting in front of it crisscross, still frowning at himself.
“Who—“ Rufus blusters. “Listen, who told you what damn day of the week is shabbat?”
“Fuck,” Cas curses above him, then some more words in a language Dean doesn’t know.
“You want in on this?” Dean grabs the cork between his teeth and begins to pull.
Dean stares back.
As always, let me know what you think<3
Sam swallows. “Right. You’re right.” And he begins to compile the components for the spell and to read the latin. It’s a long one; Dean is sure he couldn’t have done it himself. It takes over an hour, without breaks, without misreads. Sam speaks it clearly on the first try.
“First time with a boy?” Dean tilts the question upwards, trying to figure out how much of a virgin he’s dealing with here.
“Coffee,” Cas corrects, taking a seat at the table.
Okay, so, flying cars… and then what?
“Feeling fucked out of my mind,” Dean replies, stretching back against the pillows.
. Dean feels so good, gentle and confident and so damn
He knows one way to get it to stop.
“Uh, yeah,” says Dean awkwardly. “Meant to ask about your brother. Did we knock him off the wagon last time?”
“You don’t
Dean gets into the car, door thumping closed beside him. On the other side of the bench seat is Cas, still smiling a small, dopey smile. Still happy just to be there. It wasn’t fair.
Cas reaches up to fondle his legs through the fabric of his pants, and Dean fondles Cas’s lips in return, until they part and Cas is sucking his fingers, eyes closed, groping up Dean’s thighs with both hands.
“Talk to Sister Jo,” Dean whispers roughly before he can con himself out of any more commission. “Please talk to Sister Jo.”
He wonders if Dean is awake. As far as Cas can tell, Dean’s always awake before he is, and usually before even his own alarm. He didn’t used to be so regimented about his schedule, back when they’d first met each other. Cas listens quietly as Dean breathes, his chest expanding and contracting beneath Cas’s arm.
Jo gives him a look, but bustles off instead of responding.
“I didn’t realize it’d cost me sleep.”
“Gonna fuck me under the stars, cowboy?”
Sister Jo’s voice follows them down the hall as he leads Cas out. “And I want you back here in one minute, Dean Winchester!”
“Yes.”
“‘It’s been a long time?'”
“Your momma—“ says Bobby, and Dean rounds on him quick.
“Please.”
Cas insists, distressed, asking him to understand.
Chuck stares at the typewriter. He rolls the desk towards himself, pushes back the paper roll with a DING!
“Then again,” Dean drawls suggestively, matching Castiel’s gaze, “sometimes cowboys like to bite me.” Dean licks then bites his own lip. “I like it, too. Might could let you, if you promise to be a gentleman.”
“—Shit, Cas, shut up.”
“Yeah.”
“People generally appear as an age that they were when they felt happy.”
“Cas didn’t have lapels in season 12” oh yeah come fight me about it then
“You’re keeping him sober, which is mighty impressive. But he started on that stuff because he was melancholic, and he’s still melancholic. Leave him alone for a second and he’ll start again. Told me as much himself.”
Dean gasps and patterns of black pulse beneath his skin.
“The reason don’t matter,” explains Dean, frustrated that Cas could be so smart and yet so stupid. “Here, you tell your brother to do it for you, alright? Bet he’d do it.”
Castiel groans above him as Dean takes him in hand and starts pumping gently.
“I’ll be good,” Dean promises. “Mostly.”
“Yeah.”
Why don’t you just kill me and get it over with.
They all stop arguing and turn to look at Cas, who’s holding the little double derringer in his hand.
“Oh.” Cas sounds disappointed.
It has no effect. The birds keep yakking up a storm. Dean plays with Cas’s hair some more, thinking. This earns him a swat. He ignores it and leans over Cas’s ear. “Got us things for hotcakes. Was gonna surprise you today. Got some hotcakes and strawberry jam. Got something else, too. You’re gonna like it. Know what it is?”
“I belong to you, Castiel.”
He can’t breathe. He can’t disturb the moment. It feels as if he’s suddenly surrounded by glass, and if he so much as speaks, it’ll break.
“Sure I do.”
“No point,” Balthazar opines. “They had the two of us pegged for queers as soon as we first met up in Jackson. I think Miguel thought we were schtupping each other, actually.”
“But I should oughta give you new memories, too. Something else you can think on when you’re lonesome out there on the range.”
“Who?”
this.” Castiel saw some movement out of the corner of his eye and the next thing he knew Dean’s hand was wrapped around his dick.
“Okay, that’s it,” Sam frowned, “snowboarding. You versus me. One time race down the hill.”
“Holy shit that hurt,” Kevin cursed. He laid back on the grass and Dean could see a faint sheen of sweat on his skin. “Hey Dean?” Kevin asked.
"Well I never exactly received a formal invitation now did I?"
Castiel raised an eyebrow, “I just came for the brownie mix.”
“Well, how do you eat apple pie if you don’t have ice cream with it?”
Castiel ended up in a double room with Victor, he hadn’t even noticed that they were supposed to sign up for roommates so he was grateful that Dean’s friend had scooped him. Victor just said that he was probably gonna be out in another girl’s room all night so he just needed to lie if chaperones stopped by. Castiel shrugged and agreed.
Castiel walked forward and ripped the shirt open the rest of the way, spilling the buttons on the floor in the process. Dean chuckled, “impatient?”
"How the hell do I do that?"
She rolled her eyes, “okay smarty pants. I’m trying to help you out.”
"Hm?"
"Relax Bobby, the guy is a douche."
“He’s teasing Cassie,” Michael reassured him. “I think you two should look at this as an opportunity to branch out, make new friends. Don’t just do stuff because I am already doing it.”
Jo frowned, “I thought you said it was a one night stand.”
They pulled up to Castiel’s house and he went to unbuckle himself. “Thanks for driving me, Dean.”
Dean chuckled, "Haven't seen it yet. Was that you discreet way of saying Michael is nearby?"
And then he was kissing Castiel back, open-mouthed, soft-lipped kissing-him-back, and at first. Castiel nearly sobbed in relief as Dean put his hand on the back of his head to pull him closer. Despite all of their kisses before and the fact that they had already had sex, this felt like the most intimate kiss they had ever had. It was a good thing that Dean had an arm wrapped around his waist because Castiel was weak in the knees.
Then he remembered that Anna had a spare key. Jody gave it to her when she moved in, in case one of the other idiots got locked out like Castiel was.
“Huh...” Dean went over to the over and looked in on the pie and checked his watch. He set the timer on the stove for twenty minutes and turned to face Castiel who was staring at him pointedly. Dean seemed to go through an internal struggle as Castiel’s confidence wavered. Finally, Dean sighed. Castiel braced himself to be berated for even thinking about it.
“Yes Jo, that would be a no to sex. Also, my name isn’t Cassie”
Ms. Harvelle turned to face the class and cleared her throat. Leveling a stern gaze at the two troublemakers. “Now, without any further interruptions shall we continue.” Jesse and Krissy didn’t talk for the rest of the class.
Dean reached down and yanked Castiel back up to him. He licked into his mouth as if searching for his own cum. With his legs wrapped around him, Dean continued to fuck Castiel’s mouth with his tongue while the high from his orgasm faded.
Castiel pulled away and stared at Dean with a knowing look. There was no way to get out of this one. Dean looked away but Cas turned his head to look back at him with a tender gaze, “Dean?”
“It is sad isn’t it? We are just children and yet we are being made to kill other children,” Dean jumped at the sound of the familiar voice. He whipped around and saw a man standing a little ways away from him, cloaked in shadow.
Dean was equally confused, “I don’t know but I say we take his advice. He did just save us from becoming shish kebabs.”
“Dammit Cas,” he hissed. “Stitch up what?” Cas reached out his hand and placed it on Dean’s hip. “Woah buddy, at least buy me dinner first.”
Aunt Jody roared with laughter, Alfie and Gabe joined in. Castiel just smiled and took a bite of his pizza, mulling over what aunt Jody said.
I’m their new position, Castiel could feel Dean’s hard on pressed against him through their jeans. When Dean grinded his hips against Castiel’s he had to think of Bobby naked so he wouldn’t come on the spot.
He stared at her in confusion. He had been expecting being asked about the sex tape or about him and Dean being broken up. Not about his books.
“Please Dean. Impala67,” Sam scoffed.
"I know." She smiled up at him softly then looked back down. He reached down and started playing with her hair, which was now down. (It had been in a ponytail earlier.)
“I'm a STEM person, baking isn’t my strong suit. And I’ve told you before, only call me angel if you want to be castrated.” Dean ignored the last part as he carried out the bags to the impala and loaded them into the back seat.
I WANT TOO STOP
He loves the care Cas put into it, the way Cas seemed to remember every stupid thing Dean ever said. He loves the sheep, and the chickens, and the house. He loves the horse, her round eyes and long lashes. He even loves, to a certain extent, himself, shaded dramatically in the foreground, nose drawn exactly right.
“I’ll say it is,” Dean agrees. “God bless you with anything else?” Dean’s hand wanders low. Real low.
“Alright, then,” Dean agrees eagerly, before he’s thought through the consequences of his actions.
“Yes, Castiel,” Dean manages to say. “S—sorry.”
“Sing more.”
“Ain’t he?” Dean raises an eyebrow.
Cas follows the same pattern Dean had: hair, then face, then shoulders, working his way down Dean’s body. He talks some, too; not as much as Dean had, but he talks about growing up in a rich man’s house, having hot water straight from the tap, never having had anyone to bathe with before.
“—Okay.”
Cas can feel his heart rate increasing. It’s as if his vessel has figured something out before his mind can catch up. “Dean, what—“ he begins to ask, but Dean has a knee on the seat between them and is lifting up and forward, “are—“ Dean’s face is dangerously close and breathtakingly beautiful and Cas can’t finish the question.
“Don’t leave.” Blue eyes. It makes Dean lick his lips, looking at Cas like this. It makes him want to straddle him proper, kiss him silly, see how that look changed when he started riding him. And yeah, if they got to be naked and staring at each other like this, Balthazar could have a little chew tonight. “I already spoke with Sister Jo about it. Is she good for her word?”
“Been four fucking weeks,” he complains. “Man wants a bath and a drawing class.”
The bed hasn’t been made, so they decide to bring the wool blanket and some pillows onto the rug, where they settle into each other back to front; just like lovers proper, Dean thinks to himself in satisfaction. Dean warms up quick enough with Cas’s arms wrapped around him. He strokes Cas’s arm hair slowly.
The elevator dumps him in a hallway that’s largely white and silver like the lobby, aside from a plush green rug on the floor. Dean follows it to the end of the hall where there stands a large white door. He pushes it open without knocking.
Dean shoves the man from behind and dodges his left, countering with a direct hit to his kidney. He follows it up with another punch, and another, til he gets the man on the ground and bloody, and then he doesn’t stop; he’s punching just to punch, then arms are grabbing at him and he’s rushing up to fight more, getting onto his feet and turning—but a Yankee voice is speaking soothingly. Blue eyes are staring at him.
“That sounds stressful.”
Dean manages a whine.
Death advances through the blackness, and Dean recoils.
“What kind of horse do you ride, Mr. Winchester?”
Cas grips him by the wrist. “Last time, it felt. I felt, different. Wasn’t it different?”
“I, uh. shit. Yeah. Yeah, I’m good. Real good.” He leans down and kisses Cas, and Cas keeps pumping slowly into him, though the angle’s less good this way. Dean’s dick is still ready and eager to go. Fuck. “Hain’t never come that way before,” Dean admits.
His vessel is less easy to control, and Cas has already orgasmed into Dean’s mouth without warning by the time he’s able to function again. There isn’t time to be apologetic about it— Dean doesn’t seem to mind at all, swallowing everything easily and patting Cas jovially on the thigh a moment later.
“Mm. You look the same as the day I left you.”
Shh. We’re going to surprise Dean.
The hairs on the back of Dean’s neck prickle. “He’d put up with you.”
“You’re not listening, Cassie. I’ve had a brilliant idea. See, one picture doesn’t prove anything. People will just think I’ve a big cock—“ Dean laughs—“but two pictures. See, we label one ‘before,’ and one ‘after,’ now we’ve got solid evidence that it works. And we can do lots of them—show that it wasn’t just a freak incident or something. Even clever people will buy it.”
Balthazar pleads.
Cas’s mouth is close; their breath is making a fog between them. “What’s wrong, then?”
“Can I make a proposition first?”
Dean looks away. He can’t seem to keep his bottom lip from shaking.
“I’ll be here whenever you’re ready.”
“You cannot
“It’s a city in New York,” says Cas helpfully.
“Dean,” he moans, “Dean— thank you. Thank you.”
“It’s a compliment.”
“Is Baby alright?”
Cas pops off him. “Stop that.”
Cas thrusts up into his hand, and Dean obligingly speeds up his pumps. He can feel the ridges of Dean’s penis and the motion of his hand and there are fireworks in his belly, fire in his grace, and they’re exploding and spreading throughout him, waves of explosions, he’s on fire but it feels good and it escapes from him in moans and gasps, and the fire is still growing, and then it releases in a wave of pleasure; it racks through him like a sound wave, and as he begins to return to normal, Dean is gasping against him and warm liquid is hitting his chest and Cas registers that Dean Winchester is orgasming and he’s missed it— the whole thing only took a few minutes. Twelve years of desire released, just like that. A quick handjob against the wall of Dean’s bedroom. Somehow Cas had thought there would be more of a process than just a few minutes of want and hands and breath.
Dean frowns and leans back against the wall. “Uh, I dunno. ‘Babe’ is more casual, I guess.”
“Because I know how much cowpokes make, and you’re the greenest cowpoke I ever met. Ain’t no way you’re getting paid enough for all this philandering. I’d wager you had some saved, or took some spending money with you on your way out daddy’s door, huh? And you’ll run through it sooner rather than later, especially spending like this. You’re a dry sponge.”
“Look, I don’t get off on that stuff, okay?”
“Fuck! Yes,” Dean gasps,
Dean beams back, so brightly that Cas suddenly understands the word. His hands drag up Cas’s sides and to his face; one of his fingers traces Cas’s lips, and Cas finds his mouth opening before he knows what he’s doing. Dean’s finger pushes into him and Cas closes around it, sucking it gently. It’s like his body knows exactly what to do.
That was easy. So heaven must still have weird travel junk going on. But this isn’t a memory, Dean knows. He's never been here before. This is where Cas must be; that’s why the road had brought him here, to a freaking office building, of all things.
“Is that what you do all night? Watch porn?” Dean seems unreasonably pleased by the idea.
Dean reads the whole thing through, even the part Cas was wary of him skipping, pausing instead after Cas compared him to Moses. He knows the story of Exodus; his momma had told him Bible stories as a kid, and Rufus had told him a shortened version a week ago. Dean knows this is the highest compliment he’s ever received, maybe would ever receive. Cas had just thrown it into the middle of the paragraph, as if he’d hardly thought about it. But of course he had thought about it. Cas wasn’t careless with his words, even if he hadn’t written five drafts of this letter. It makes Dean feel manic, almost angry. Then he goes back and reads it again, skipping the compliments, and looks at the rest of the pages— five of them, all covered on both sides in slanted, black writing, all detailing Judaism and Cas’s experience with it. Ten pages of sermon and only one paragraph of filth, Dean thinks ruefully.
Cas nods, a quick, jerky thing. Still nervous.
Castiel glances at him only briefly. He swallows and nods. He has a big Adam’s apple underneath all that scruff. Dean wonders what his voice sounds like.
“You see me in it every day.”
“Yup.”
“Like we was talking about before.” Dean looks down, suddenly shy. “Can fuck every night. Have time to talk instead of just fighting. I can see the mountains up there.”
“Mm-hm.” Dean closes his eyes.
“No, no, it’s mine now. And while you’re here,” Dean adds, leaning over the bar like he’s telling a secret, “I wanted to let you know that me and Cas here are in a serious, romantic relationship. So if you’ve got any kind of problem with that, best to go ahead and let me know now.”
want to go to the Empty?
“Oh. Sure.”
“That looks gross,” Jack opines sagely.
Dean blinks at him. Cas doesn’t seem ready to say anything else, but Dean can’t tell if it was the start of a sentence or a term of endearment.
“Made her customers feel better. Folks done started getting superstitious over it.”
However, slowly but surely, when they were alone, and especially when Dean wanted something from him, he’d become
As if something needed to be wrong. Dean leans against Baby and holds a hand out to Cas. Cas takes it and steps forward.
“Uh-huh.”
“Well, he wouldn’t, even if she did tell him. I thought—“ Cas hesitates. “He would’ve sent someone sooner, if he cared enough to send anyone. Fergus is acting on his own, for his own petty reasons.”
“Five. Benny don’t live in the house.”
“It’s fine, Cas.”
“Like I said, I—“
Cas leaves. He seeks out the angels both as a last-ditch effort to save the world and as a way to prove himself, to earn Dean’s love. It backfires horribly, just like everything else Cas has ever attempted, when, after months of cutting off communication with Dean, of being too overwhelmed by feelings of inadequacy to call, the angels send him right back into Dean’s presence.
“The hell are you doing out here?”
“Lynyrd Skynyrd. Thank you.” Cas takes Dean by the chin, gently turns his head, and kisses him on his cheek.
“Yeah, I know it.” She waves him back.
“Alright.” Dean shifts around, bringing his hand up and counting on his fingers. “First off, there’s a lot of people in this world who fall for whores. See ‘em every day. Bela and Ruby could start a fucking parade of all the gentlemen come knocking on their doors. But I ain’t gonna charge you no more, which means that I ain’t your whore, so your brother can put that on his plate and eat it. But, you know what else?”
“Shoot. Alright.” Of course Cas’s brother would be an asshole. Dean reaches for an olive branch. “Uh. ‘M a bit of a showoff.”
He throws on the robe and walks barefoot to the door, then cracks it open. “C’mon, Jo. We’re busy here.”
Warnings: not explicit (references to some sex acts), happy(!), a lot of Dean being dumb of ass<3
Dean’s heart breaks a bit. “Sure. Sure, uh.” He looks at Sister Jo, who’s finished talking with Balthazar. “Don’t suppose the boss will let you in back of the house without me.”
“And Meg?” Cas leans over and kisses near Dean’s ear.
“That—”
Cas does. He stands up proper and heads to the pile of clothes.
“I told him you were waiting here.”
It’s normal.
“Say it.”
Dean shudders. He pulses under Cas’s hand, and Cas keeps moving, quickly, pulling the orgasm from him, watching as it racks through Dean’s body, as his mouth opens wide and gasping, his eyes close with pleasure, as he leans away, arching his back, and then forward again, against Cas’s forehead. “Shit, Cas. Shit,” he sighs as he relaxes. His hand reaches weakly for Cas’s crotch, but Cas bats it away. He pushes on Dean’s shoulder, and Dean lets himself fall back onto the bed. Cas straddles one of Dean’s thighs, grabs his own dick and pumps himself slowly. “Cas?” Dean asks, wiggling as if to grab at him again.
Dean serves up the hotcakes with a big pat of butter and some gooey jam that he adds hot water to to make a sort of syrup. “Egg?” he asks Cas, who nods, grabbing some cakes off the top, and Dean fries up a couple while Cas starts digging in.
“You are. Look at those lines on your face.” Dean pokes the furrows in Cas’s brow. “I can smell the smoke.”
“I wasn’t trying to be amusing.”
Cas grunts.
“I hardly ever get any,” Dean keeps up the conversation cheerfully. “Figured I could go and take a cup seeing as you done got me up at an ungodly hour. Hope you’re hungry. We got hotcakes, eggs, and jam.” Dean points to each proudly.
“Hit me. What’d you see him for, then?”
“Alright. Talk to you then. Girls, you be polite to the man doing your chores for you.”
heavy like a favor, like Cas has done so much for them that nothing Dean can ask will be small enough. “Thanks.”
“What?”
“You seemed—“
Dean doesn’t see Cas for two full days after their awkward encounter, not until he crashes Cas’s weekly history lesson with Jack in the library.
Cas’s shuffling footsteps approach Dean’s stall.
They drive through a fast food place and park in the lot. Cas practically inhales his burger and fries; he hadn’t realized how hungry he was.
“Can’t you just ask me how I’m doing?”
Cas sighs and rolls his eyes, moving his whole head with it before handing the tortilla across the table to Dean. Balthazar intercepts it.
After he’d tried to be all romantic and shit.
“You considered Abilene?”
“I hope we’re not listing all the married people we know,” Cas grumbles.
“I miss you.”
Cas waits, a little masochistically, to see if Dean will finish asking, but he doesn’t, so Cas fills the silence.
On the final evening of their journey, it gets cloudy and humid as anything and Balthazar, anticipating rain, starts trying to set up the tent, hammering the stakes almost one full inch into hard clay.
With their dicks together, and Dean’s legs wide open as the Rio Grande.
“Boys!” Charlie is insisting, and so Dean pulls two more glasses of water and brings them all to a table. He spreads them out and sits there, and Charlie sits next to him, and Adam glowers down at them both.
“Truss me up. Give me bruises and bite marks and all manner of embarrassing things.”
Dean gets a refill from Lorna. Cas sips his own beer for the first time. It’s unpleasantly bitter and tangy. Cas loves it, but as a symbol more so than a flavor.
“Just a few clients. Ones I liked.”
“You done called me your soulmate.”
There he is.
She’s smiling at him, sunny and sweet as anything, and he doesn’t have it in him to tell her to get lost.
“Please, Cas,” he whines desperately.
“I had a wonderful time today,” says Cas.
Dean wants to do something easy, wants to keep yelling at Cas, but he can’t seem to, with the way Cas is watching him. It’s like he’s waiting for something. They stand in silence for a moment, Dean incapable of saying what he needs to, and Cas not asking.
“You don’t?”
Cas hums contentedly at the base of Dean’s cock. Dean closes his eyes at the vibrations.
“Holy shit. Holy shit, Cas.”
“What the fuck.”
“Why?” Dean leans back, confused.
“Do you want me to suck you?” he asks.
“Money can solve your problems, Dean. Instead of worrying about where to be all the time, you could buy property in Abilene. A proper ranch, maybe even your father’s ranch. Balthazar and I can be ranch hands. Your siblings, too.”
“If I told you that, you wouldn’t want to spend the night no more.”
“It’s an archaic, but very real, term for tomatoes.”
“Mm-hm.”
But Dean has never felt more safe. There’s an instinct thrumming through his veins crying
I have this feeling like I have to talk to him, but I can’t remember why. And
He hasn’t been to Rick’s Saloon since he was seventeen, but it’s just as dark and dreary as always. So early in the day, it has no one but smelly old drunks in it. There’s Old Jim Bradleigh, Edgar Whitmore, a scummy-looking man whose name Dean can’t quite remember, and of course Rick himself behind the bar. Nobody he’s close with, no clients. Certainly no friends. Old Jim has got a problem with him being there, and they scuffle almost as soon as Dean gets into the place, the man too old and too drunk to do Dean any real damage. It gets his heart rate up, though, gets him feeling a little bit confident, a little bit better. His ribs hurt where Jim got a punch in and it makes him feel alive. Wiping spittle from his mouth, he leaves the man on the floor and sits himself down at the bar. He orders a half pint bottle, bold as anything, having no idea what’ll happen next.
Dean thinks.
“I’m dying, darlin’. Gotta fuck you. God, Cas. Let me fuck you.”
“Shit.” Dean pushes up and crawls over to the pillows. “Don’t tell me you was drawing my bare ass.”
