“Yes?” The resonating of Sherlock’s dark and rumbling voice almost made the phone vibrate in John's hand.
John had thought that Sherlock had finally given in to the dry spell of cases since he wasn’t allowed on crime scenes of the Yard any longer. Barely any private cases came in, as people apparently didn’t get as much chance to cheat, to silently disappear, to change identities or to get kidnapped due to the pandemic. Sherlock didn’t like any of those changes.
He felt uneasiness but also excitement creeping up his back and prickle in his neck when he stepped out of the car. Straightening his spine and squaring his shoulders he walked around the car. He handed the cabby some notes through his lowered window before he put his hand on the small of Sherlock’s back to guide him towards the door. When they turned to leave the cabby cleared his throat.
“Those are the best who clear off their debt in naturalia as well, aren’t they?” The man raised one eyebrow meaningfully at John as if they both belonged to some sort of conspiracy.
He circled John with wide leaps, sharp turns in between to reign in his speed. A blurred version of John whirled before his eyes. John was turning too, following him, facing him, always.
He had never been to Greg's new home. Greg was a bit closed off about everything concerning his private life, but John assumed that probably was a totally normal reaction after a recent divorce. Especially because Greg's daughter was also involved and Greg has always felt guilty about spending too little time at home and working unpredictable hours. It was to be expected Greg would feel self conscious about his current situation and wouldn't share much about it.
Silence. Sherlock knew he had to say something. Anything. Deep inside he had known all along that it would come to this. He had feared it. He had hoped for it. He swallowed.
John was vaguely aware that he had been pacing outside the operation theatre, sitting day and night at Sherlocks bedside. He had ignored the nurses comments that he could leave, take a break and they would take good care of Sherlock. But John had promised himself that he would never leave Sherlock’s side again, that he would never allow anyone else to ‘take care’ of Sherlock again! He would be the one to protect him, that was his duty. It was where he belonged and what had made him the happiest he had ever been in his whole life. What that said about him? He didn’t give a single fuck.
And after a short lingering, during which Sherlock's voice failed him, the line went dead. Sherlock stayed frozen for a moment before he lowered his phone and looked at it as if to confirm that the call had ended.
“Seriously?” John couldn’t hold back his laughter. A low grunt was the only response. “You’re not pouting, are you?” God, this man was truly adorable.
His hand cradling John's face was shaking, his ragged breaths mingled with John's. His entire body was humming in rhythm with the waves of blood being pumped through his veins. One last time he searched John's eyes, seeking confirmation that
"I left you. I lied to you for two years." It was like reading off a list. Point one, point two, … how many more to go? When would John tire in his efforts?
When Sherlock looked up with gleaming eyes framed by the most adorable laugh lines the only thing John was able to do was to respond with a smile as broad as Sherlock's.
Without further warning he dove for John's neck, biting there playfully before running his tongue over John's pulse point only to latch on to that sensitive spot and suck vigorously.
"I let them follow me. I went back to the changing rooms, got my bag and let everyone know, loud and clear, that I—and I quote—won't go home 'with that fucker' and that he, you though, can 'fuck himself if he thought he'd ever again get his rancid hands on me again'."
Holding John’s gaze, a private amused gleam in her eyes, Miss Pirate dropped forward in one fluid wavelike motion and started… oh really, must she?... crawling over the narrow catwalk. She might have taken that term a bit too literally as she, all feline like, slowly smoothly placed one hand before the other, swaying her hips while shifting her legs forward. She lowered her chin, playing coy, completely contradicted by the sultry look she gave from under her lashes. She really was a tease extraordinaire.
John felt tears of frustration well up, blurring his sight. Tears of helplessness. Tears of trepidation. Tears of heartache.
"Uhm… yes." John's voice and some over-eager body parts becoming thick at the thought of it. "They're… a lot, too. You intend on trying them all out?" He cleared his throat.
He huffed and frowned at himself. Who'd ever want to be with him. Definitely not such an outstandingly beautiful and interesting human being. Probably they had lovers queuing up for them, able to choose and taking advantage of some willing fool every now and then. Yeah… that's what John was, he thought. Just a fool, not being worth anyone's company, just having unrealistic hopes.
That was it. He hadn't thought about Moriarty's threat in a long while. There had been the web, there had been the game still. But Moriarty was dead, John was safe. There was no-one who cared about Sherlock's heart now. And still, he couldn't quite shake the feeling that, even posthumous, Moriarty had still played his game. Sherlock had never even had the slightest chance.
When he had followed Sherlock not even two hours ago he hadn’t known what to expect. He had known he couldn’t let Sherlock just flee, again. He knew that whatever this was, it was important. First, their argument - or was it even an argument? Or rather a misunderstanding?
“You don’t even care, do you? That’s really rude, even for your standards! That poor lovely doctor…” She shakes her head in pity. Suddenly she was raising her voice again and placing her hands on her hips.
,” Still singing quietly, John took that decision from Sherlock and abandoned the frizzling mob of hair in favour of returning his attention to Sherlock’s quickly rising and falling chest. The skin got slick in the humid air in the bathroom, turning the former brush of calloused palms on sensative skin into a glide, turning rough into soft, changing grounding into sensual.
Sherlock called himself back to attention. No use to dwell on thoughts of John in fatigues. He had more urgent problems to solve.
They attracted attention, earned quite a few glances and were never short of company. John did get that with Miss Pirate looking like she did and the show she had given on stage. He shouldn’t hold it against anyone, only—he did hold it against them. There were also other dancers, judging by their attire because John wasn’t able to recall any of their faces, mingling with the audience and guests, competing for their attention. However, Miss Pirate and him never ran short of people looking for their company. There were pleasant conversations, one hand occupied by a drink sponsored by New Scotland Yard, the other one pulling Miss Pirate against him by her slim waist. He openly threw her heated looks for everyone to witness, he murmured grumpy remarks about any person who tried to hit on Miss Pirate into her ear for only her to hear, he scowled and snarled at everyone who dared to touch Miss Pirate. All in all he put on a pretty good show. So he thought.
“Why can’t you boys take a bit more care of yourselves?” she had mumbled. “Poor John looked even worse.”
“It suited me just fine, when I joined the army though. Surgery and ER are great to provide some excitement one doesn’t get anywhere else. After a while though, you know all the ins and outs. You get bored and indifferent—at least I did. You start asking yourself, why rescue the life of some drunken bloke who got himself crashed in his car. Or stitch them all up after a stabbing only to see them back the next day with a bullet in their fucking silly brains.” He felt the old annoyment well up again. “I was so glad to escape to Afghanistan, I can’t even tell you. I felt I was
John slowly calmed down, looked adoringly at Sherlock, despite everything. This madman was just… unique, completely insane. And the best thing that could have happened to him.
He tried to understand. He had to understand. Because how could he act and react, if he didn't understand.
He waited. More silence. Had John hung up? He wouldn't blame him. Against all odds, he hoped he hadn't.
The man in his grasp squirmed but—to John’s immense irritation—didn’t seem to be intimidated in the slightest.
"How so?" Greg inquired, eyebrows raised. Suddenly John went serious, cough over as quick as it had started. The two of them were looking at each other in silent communication.
“So, she pays you with more than just money, huh?” a smooth voice said next to John. He startled and realised he must have looked like a love sick puppy. He tore his eyes away from the stage to see who had spoken. A man, same height as John—which was surprising to be honest—in a dark suit, sleek, impeccable, perfectly groomed, handsome, disgusting. A hot wild rage took hold of John when the thought popped up that Miss Pirate’s wink might not have been meant for him at all. He scowled at the man, who kept his slimey aloof attitude.
Gripping and tugging on his hair, burying fingers in curls, groaning when teeth bit down on his lower lip, tugging rosy swollen nipples, reveling in the sharp sting searing through his synapses. His pleasure was building, mounting, the hand was flying over his cock. When precome started to wet the silky skin of the glans, the thumb was smearing it from slit to frenulum with every downward stroke. He bent his knee and dug the heel of one foot into the surface of the deck chair, needing more leverage. He lost his rhythm for a moment in the chase to meet the hand halfway, in the push up and back, in the give and take. The other hand took over for a better angle; the tighter grip made him gasp, the different stimulation setting new neurons on fire. It was too much. Feeling everything at the same time, being in two heads at the same time, two hearts racing, two orgasms building.
James Morgan            "Yes Sir, the full tour, VIP treatment and everything." I can't stop smiling now that he's agreed.
Greg                      I took the tube and smiled at Rosie, holding it so the label was facing away from her and put a bit on my finger to hand it back to Mycroft. I showed her the unicorn cream, smiling, "This is gonna tingle a bit at first but then it'll make it all better." I let her nod and then gently rubbed it over where she'd been bit.
I know, just think about John at this exact moment and then tell me how your body reacts scientifically. What it does. GL
Sherlock               My own eyes remain wide open, then close with a slight shudder, pressing our closed lips together harder as the hand on his thigh squeezes, the other gripping the blanket under us.
James Morgan      I get off John quickly. "I'm s-s-sorry John. It was an accident. I get it if you want to go now..." My idiot self and my clumsiness probably just ruined my friendship with John.
John    “Yeah, Sherlock, my brilliant friend. Oh well, I think we were thinking of checking out Natural History. We’ll probably skip Air and Space. He’s not much of a space bloke.”
John                      I walk down the hall with Rosie in my arms. As we approach the room we hear Mycroft and Sherlock talking. “Papa!” Rosie squeals. We enter the room.
Mycroft                 I started to protest, but Dillon immediately started working my shoulders. I groaned as his fingers dug deep into my shoulders. Between the long period of immobility, and my over-use of them, they were very stiff and sore.
Sherlock               I barrel into Lestrade's arm, grunting as it makes contact with my stomach then stepping back, "First you smack me, then you whack me and make me drop my honey...I fear my brother is making you violent. I'm not surprised of course. Contact with him has that effect on most people"
Brad Carter          "She was rarely alone. It was easier to assume she was gonna have a 'dinner date' then to ask. So next morning I go in to see her and she was laying on the floor. I called an ambulance, but she was dead already. I got fired cause some people think that somehow, I was supposed to have saved her or something. "
Mycroft                 "Surely if she was living with you, she knew the challenges of your schedule..." I asked. I couldn't imagine how she couldn't know that police work wasn't a 9 to 5 job.
Greg                      "Sherlock. Not the time or place." I warned where Mycroft was starting to come around some more, my instinct being to go over to hold his hand, so he knew he was okay, but I stayed at the end of the bed with John at his side.
Mycroft                 "It's been... manageable. I understand the medication is responsible for my... nightmares." I shuddered at the thought.
Sherlock               I look a little stunned, "We have a case. I have two email accounts to go through. I need your help tomorrow. You can't just go running off with the first American who picks you up. I didn't think even you were that desperate for sex"
Anthea                  Once I was sure everyone was fast asleep, I remotely disabled the alarm system, kicked off my shoes, and snuck in thru the garage while being careful not to jostle the basket I was carrying. I padded silently into the laundry room and set the basket down on the counter making sure it was pushed far back from the edge where a certain small one would not be likely to see or even get near it. I carefully closed the laundry room door behind me and went back out the way I came and reactivated the alarm system. It had been a few days since either of them had done a load of laundry and I expected with Rosie there now too, that would happen in short order.
Greg                      "I... don't think this is a good idea. Look, I know I was flirting with you a lot and I'm sorry, but I really can't mix work and pleasure.. It just makes things complicated.." I sighed as I stepped back and ran a hand through my hair, half of my buttons undone
Sherlock               Shaking my head my hair fluffs up a little, pulling out sheets and scattering them around hastily, "That makes no sense George! She took delivery of the box which must have contained the flower and was aware of its existence. Why would she eat the salad knowing it would kill her? Idiot."
Mycroft                 My eyes widened at his statement. "Ride me..." I repeated, lost in thought. My cock, which had softened a little when Greg pulled away so suddenly, was again very interested in what was going on. I stood up on unsteady legs, hauling Greg up with me, and led him to the bed.
Greg                      I finished cleaning up the breakfast things and I heard John's comment, it making me shake my head and I went to head for the door to head to my room when I bumped into Mycroft myself. I swore and stammered in case I hurt his shoulder.
Sherlock               I fix him in a confused little stare, "I did spy at you. At the museum. I was attempting to stalk you now."
I could order us dinner. Or we could go and explore the local places to eat? I saw an interesting one returning here. -SH
Sherlock               Taking my coffee, I look up from my phone, "Everything points to Smith being threatened and even killed by the Russians. But there's too many things that don't make sense still" Waving my hand back the way we came, "That Carter is obviously an idiot. Smith hired him more for his performance in bed and his inability to be even remotely useful as security." Pausing, I smirk at Lestrade, "I'm glad my brother has more sense than to hire security just for their prowess in the bedroom."
Sherlock               Snapping back at him I clutch her further to me, "Just because you're shagging Gavin now, doesn't mean you get to tell me how to be a parent Mycroft. I'm taking her to be checked over."
John                      I look up at him. “No, never. I’m sorry I left. I mean... I had a good tome with James today...” I blush a bit. “But I’m sorry I left mad.”
Mycroft                 "He's improved immensely since John came into his life, though. At least, after..." I trailed off, not wanting to think about Sherrinford. I cleared my throat, "I expect I will be released to John's care - at least officially - in a few days. Will you be at my home then?"
John                      “I’m not sure.” I turn to Mycroft. “Mycroft can you hear us?” I say a bit louder. “Try to move your hand again.”
John                      “Do you really think he’d leave codes written down in his pocket?” I whisper.
Mycroft                 I walk into the house slowly, Anthea guiding me up the front steps. My mood was decidedly dark, my shoulder aching, and overly tired. Once inside, I saw Greg standing in the living room waiting for me, and I tried to smile... I fear it may have been more of a snarl, though.
Mycroft                 Everything seemed to be moving in slow motion, and yet I still couldn't really focus on what is happening around me. I saw a distressed look on Lestrade's face as he leaned over me, and I tried to ask what has happened, but I couldn't seem to speak. I was terribly out of breath, and what little I could breathe burned like fire.
Mycroft                 I shook my head. "My concern was that you were acting out of pity for me, what with my emotional outbursts." I almost laughed. "I didn't want you to do something that you would regret in the morning..."
Nina Boucher      "The next morning when I came in to start on lunch preparations was when I heard about it. I was horrified and very shaken by it all. I mean, I knew it wasn't my fault later, but as a chef when someone dies from food you made, you tend to take it personally and beat yourself up trying to replay everything in your head. But since her doctors confirmed neither Willa or myself knew of her having any food allergies, it was found to be accidental. I'm not sure they were even able to narrow down which ingredient it was...do you know?" I ask trying to look as sad and concerned as possible.
Mycroft                 My brain registered the sound of an opening door, and light footsteps, but through the bourbon fog, I couldn't make out who it was.
Rosie                     "NO! Papa can't make tea anymore. Make Daddy do it." I shimmy off Gayg and run to Unca Myca. "Make the tea Daddy."
Sherlock               Huffing I drop my gaze, the air of a slightly naughty schoolboy caught in the act about me, before glancing back to Lestrade once more, then my gaze travels to John, my eye flickering as if trying to work something out
Greg                      "Don't just have sex with me or go out with me to make it up to me. Do it because you want to." I put the mug down and folded my arms across my chest, relaxing that he'd apologised but still felt a bit shitty.
Mycroft                 "I did no such thing, Sherlock. You were pressing questions I was not equipped to answer. I suggested you meet me for dinner to get your answers. You arrived of your own volition, and now choose to snipe at me instead. You are free to leave, if this is too boring for you," I rose suddenly, knocking over my wine glass and spilling its contents across the table and onto the floor.
"Of course," as I head back in to the sitting room. "Good work gentlemen, let’s get out of their hair and I'll take care of signing your invoice outside" as I lead them back out the front door.
John    I take the empty stool next to him. The bartender leaves my beer with me and the waitress delivers the rest to the table. “Yes, much too smart for his own good. But he’s brilliant at what he does. Bloody amazing.” My mind drifts to an image of Sherlock spinning about at a crime scene his coat flying around him. I take a swig of my beer.
Mycroft                 I groaned in frustration when he pulled my hand away, and bucked my hips against him, desperately seeking friction.
Greg                      I was beginning to feel my balls tightening so pulled back from the kiss, starting on the buttons of his pyjamas. "Need to get these off." I said breathlessly and carefully slipped the shirt off his shoulders. The silk felt amazing and it's why I didn't want to ruin them.
Carlton                 "Oh, don't worry, I wouldn't dare hurt anyone," as I indicate for Mr. Gregory to sit and I place a drape around his shoulders. "I also like to give the trimmings to the birds for their nests. Maybe when we are done, you can do that part?"
John                      “Greg?! You told Greg that I was on a date with a man?” I groan and sit on the edge of the bed and put my heads in my hands.
Greg                      "And you would be feeling a touch better if you'd let me take your bowl to the sink." I said softly and looked up at him with a cheeky smile, glad Anthea had left notes as I'd never have been able to remember which pill is which.
Sherlock               My hand stills under his touch, then I lean down, pecking his lips gently, "I believe at this point we're supposed to launch into a bit of a pointless to-and-fro verbal spar about who is to blame more? Why don't we just agree that it happened and will probably happen again and go on with our lives?"
Greg                      I took a mental deep breath as we kissed, using my free hand to guide the tip of my cock to his hole. I teased him slightly and then began to slowly push in while thinking about his reactions to it. His leg was still wrapped around my hip and I was going slowly so he could adjust.
Mycroft                 I walked over to the bar in the corner. "Care for a drink, Lestrade? It's early here, but late enough London time..."
Greg                      "Uh, yeah, sure. I could do the main shifts if you want since I don't really have anything else to do." I shrugged with my hands moving to my pockets, thinking it couldn't be that bad of an idea.
Mycroft                 With some effort, I hauled myself out of my chair and made my way to the kitchen to sit at the small dining table. "I look forward to having someone cook in this kitchen again."
John                      I look at him quickly and hold up my hands. “No! No, we were just kissing and... well... I let him...” God this was embarrassing.
Mycroft                 I put my finger to his lips. "I want to... I want you..." I purred in his ear. Seems Anthea's little gift basket was going to come in handy... she will be insufferable when she finds out she was right...
Greg                      "He just doesn't like them sweetheart. Why don't we find that nail polish, eh?" I stood and looked at Mycroft, chewing on my lip when I knew he'd worked out what I was keeping back from him.
Sherlock               Leaning forwards slightly I nod, "You mentioned preparing the two salads for Willa and her guest. Was there any difference between the two meals?"
Mycroft                 My vision was clearing more, and I saw Lestrade standing at the end of the bed. At least, I thought it was Lestrade - he looked more like one of the medical staff.  I looked at him questioningly.
Mycroft                 "A gardener, too? You really are a man of many talents. I've never had an affinity for plants - that was always Sherlock's area. I think I will join you. The fresh air will do me good”
Mycroft                 My right hand moved lower, rubbing my growing erection through the navy silk. "Mmmm... yes..." I whispered hoarsely, as my left hand stroked over my nipples, pinching them lightly through my shirt.
Sherlock               Grabbing the decanter I refill his glass again as it waves around, just nursing my own glass though without drinking from it, "Why didn't she discuss it with you? Talk about it?" I pronounce the action like something distasteful.
Greg                      "I will once we have a little chat about the schedule today and the case." I pull the guest chair over to sit opposite him and put the pastries down in front of him. I had no idea what they were so just relied on Mycroft’s reactions.
Rosie                     "Papa gave me some funny juice and it was good but then I didn't feel good and I got sick so he went to the potty room and told Myca that he saw him make kissy faces at you and it's ok and then I fell asleep and then... Daddy was here."
Mycroft                 I smiled. At least Dr. Watson had some sense. "Yes, I think I should stay a few more days. At least."
Nina Boucher      "I wouldn't know anything about that," I shrug and play dumb. How was I supposed to know that it was a poisonous flower Willa had brought me? It wasn't until I heard her coughing and then fall, that I rushed back into the dining room to see a shocked James getting up from his chair to go to her aid. I quickly realized what had happened and had to protect not only myself from being implicated, but more importantly James as he had an important mission to fulfill soon. While I was certainly supportive of their plans, I wasn't directly involved in them and only aware of it, so I could help keep an eye and ear on anyone getting wind of it. Our network was large but as far as I know James kept us all compartmentalized to protect us and the plan from failing.
Mycroft                 "Your ring finger." I answered simply. "You've been divorced for a long time, but only recently stopped wearing the wedding band - the tan line would have faded long ago, otherwise." I silently wondered if this meant he was once again in the market for a relationship.
Mycroft                 I threw down my paper on the coffee table. "May I go for a walk?" I said sarcastically. "In the garden. I promise not to lift anything." I needed to clear my head, get some fresh air. I was unreasonably upset right now.
Greg                      "No, no, of course not. Any last tips, Anthea?" I shook my head with a smile and I'd been thinking that maybe a little time off wouldn't be a bad thing. I glanced up at Anthea.
Mycroft                 "No matter, Carlton. She will be fine. Thank you for watching her for a moment." I said reassuringly.
John                      “Hey, where did you find that?” I choke out only a teensy bit embarrassed. I hold out my hand as instructed.
Greg                      "It’s just where the names come from... maybe you should do some research when we get back.  We will be coming back for more questioning, Mr. Carter, so if I were you, I would stop being so hostile with us." I warned as we stood up and he almost seemed to run at the sight of his boss waving that his break was over.
Greg                      "Did I wake you?" I asked as my head laid upon his shoulder and I felt his arm curl around me. I relaxed just a little, wondering if he actually was okay with me being in here.
Mycroft                        I turned back toward the window.  "All of us fall eventually, Sherlock.  Take care not to land too hard."
Greg                      "That is a very bad word Rosie but I'll let you off for saying my name right." I held back my own laugh, picking her up and thought she was the cutest thing ever. I loved having her around.
James Morgan      "How ‘bout brunch first. What type of food do you like? We have almost any nationality you could think of."
Greg                      I began to relax when I had the feeling that Mycroft wasn't going to stop things this time, my hips shifting against his so he knew exactly how much he'd been driving me insane. I moved my hands on his hips to his arse where I gave more than a generous squeeze.
John                      I look into his eyes and swallow hard. “When I was kissing him, and when he was... sucking me. I was thinking about you.”
Sherlock "Maybe you'll understand more when you're older Rosie." There's a hint of sadness to me now, glancing away into space, "Or maybe you will never know how much it has cost me to reach this point. How much more I would give up to be able to bring happiness and safety to you and your daddy."
John walked over, standing by the bed with his hands in his pockets. "You shouldn't have been so worried," he said, smiling. "You're a natural." He kissed Sherlock's temple, reaching out to softly play with one of Katherine's curls. "I still can't get over how much she looks like you. I'm a bit jealous, really," he teased, running a couple of his fingers down her chest and smiling when she cooed softly.
Sherlock calculated the distance to the freezer section and accounted for the crowds as he grabbed the last few things. John should have been back by now. He quickly pushed through the people around him. He was just in the refrigerated section when he saw it – a dropped bottle of cream.
John contemplated whether or not he should tell Sherlock that he wasn't just training to be a doctor, but specifically an army doctor. Two more terms and then six months more training and he was set to be shipped off to the desert to join an infantry team.
The cab ride was short-lived, and John paid the cabbie before sliding out, waiting for Sherlock to join him on the pavement. He linked fingers with him for a moment, giving him a reassuring smile, before he released his hand and led the way into the store. He stiffened for a moment when he noticed how busy it was, not remembering that it was, of course, just after the work day – the time when most people did their shopping. Sighing, he grabbed a cart and pushed it forward, glancing over his shoulder at Sherlock.
"Such a good boy," John praised, lowering his head to lap at Sherlock's leaking hole, wiggling his tongue inside. Oh, good Christ, he tasted divine.
He looked over at John when he got back in, scooting over to rest his head on his shoulder. "When she's better I think we should go visit your mother," he murmured.
John hummed quietly, relaxing against Sherlock's touch. "I trust you to," he murmured, carding his fingers through Sherlock's thick curls. He ran his left hand down Sherlock's shoulder to his side, settling it on his hip. "I love you. Have since the beginning and will to the end."
Sherlock winced as well at the mention of John being shot at; she didn't know that John had, in fact,
Sherlock froze for a second at the tone of John's voice, whining a bit as John's burning hot skin pressed against his back. He squirmed a little, soon falling still again, shivering even more violently. As soon as he warmed up enough to not feel nothing anymore he realised how cold he felt. He whined again, curling up against John, shaking. He nuzzled against John's neck a little, letting out a breath as he slowly warmed, shivering slightly as his eyes fluttered shut. "Mms-s-sorry," he murmured quietly, clearing his throat.
, though he didn't say that, not wanting to get into a huge debate on why they were so different from each other.
Katherine reached up to hold John's hand in both of hers, holding it close. She nodded a little, ghost of a smile from the tickling still on her face. "Get better, Papa," she said. "Want go park and play," she said, pressing a small kiss to his palm.
that they had a date now. An actual date. "So... your heart...what's the monitor picking up? Will you be okay? I mean, when you're fully healed, will you be good to run, or swim, or...other exercise?" he asked.
Sherlock let out a breath, closing his eyes as John's lips pressed to his forehead. He relaxed under his touch, feeling as his gown was laid back over his frame. He mumbled a quiet thank you, glad his side no longer ached anymore. He sighed a little, dozing off easily. "Hmmm," he hummed, nuzzling closer to John.
Just keep her engaged, love. She'll come around. You're all that she's got now, so she'll talk to you. Promise.
John blinked a few times before he realised that of course Sherlock would have dyed his hair. He was glad he hadn't seen it - it would have only upset him. "I'm glad it's back to this, too," he said, combing through it before he stood. "Finish that roll, and then I want you back in bed," he said, sounding more like a doctor than he had meant to.
Sherlock felt his ears warm, setting aside his glass and wetting his lips. He stood up, pulling John to his feet. "You find a place for the rest of the biscuits, and gnaw on the carrots a bit. I need precisely seven minutes, then you can come back," he said, quickly disappearing down the hallway.
Sherlock arched his back a little, nodding as he shifted a bit more on the bed, parting his thighs more for John. "Mm...mhm...mmgood...I'll be...good." he moaned, whining when John didn't replace his fingers. "God...please,
Sherlock curled up on the floor, feeling John's lips on his shoulder. He whimpered a little as he cramped up, curling up into a ball on the linoleum floor. "J-John... going to... hurt yourself," he said. "Nurse said one week to walking, now... g-go to bed," he whined, biting down on his lip. John wasn't helping either of them like this. As much as Sherlock didn't want him to leave, he knew he couldn't help, and he would only put himself at risk.
Sherlock hesitated a moment, not sure why John was allowing him this close even. He swallowed, carefully scooting forward, holding still as John wrapped his arms around him. Sherlock let out a breath, losing himself again in John's scent. It hadn't really changed all that much, still perfectly John. He shut his eyes, shivering a little. His side ached painfully, but he was used to one thing or another hurting, he just hoped that he didn't rip his stitches.
John thrust into Sherlock as the Omega came, burying his knot as he came as well. He instantly bit down on the back of Sherlock's neck, his vision going white for a moment and a shudder running through him. He released Sherlock and turned his head automatically, biting down on the side of his neck, where it would be visible even when he had that stupid coat collar turned up.
Hamish cooed a little, settling onto John's chest. He pushed himself up on his hands though, lifting up his head and balancing like that. "Ga! Babalbabal..." more drool bubbles before the infant flopped down onto his stomach again, not able to hold himself up for too long.
"Christ, I think that's enough emotional trauma for the day, don't you?" John asked, trying to lighten the mood a little.
John stared up at the ceiling, his hands folded in his lap as he waited for Katherine to finish. He thought about very little while he was waiting, but did he think about what the hell he was supposed to do now.
Only three days left then, yeah? Sorry, love, I got busy at the hospital, and then it was a teammate's birthday, and then we had to go into the city, and this whole week has just been one from hell, you know? Damn dust storms have been kicking up lately. I'm not used to it. I wasn't in the city last time during storm season, and I'm glad I wasn't. Visibility is complete shit, and I feel bad for the boys on scout duty. They doubled that, by the way. Everyone's really on edge, and it's putting me on edge.
John started, almost asking what Sherlock was looking for when it dawned on him. "Oh, shit, yeah. Christ, has it been twenty-four hours since the first one?" he asked, unable to remember. Time always seemed to slip when Sherlock went through his heats.
They stepped out and John led Sherlock down the hall and through a pair of doors. The scents hit Sherlock at once as he looked around the waiting room, seeing a mixture of Omegas at different points in pregnancy. He looked down, a little more tense than he supposed he should be.
Sherlock shifted his body slightly, his ankles hooking behind John's knees, his own knees hugging John's hips a little. He shivered as John's mouth moved down to his chest.
Sherlock whined, wrapping his legs tightly around John, and sucked and nibbled on his ear again. "Yes... y-yes sir," he breathed, weaving his hands into John's hair. "Mmlove you..." he murmured, starting to feel a bit damp again, he pulled back a little to look at John's eyes, his own glazing over slightly before he leant in, kissing him hungrily with a moan.
It had been a week, and John was still numb. He wasn't sure how he got through the day-to-day norms, but he supposed it had to do with Katherine. He'd quit work, because the first day he had been supposed to go back he had ended up pub-hopping and getting pissed instead.
Sherlock smiled a little, swallowing a bit though. "Bit odd though, my brother... I... he'll just tell my brother what I'm doing all the time," he said.
"No!" he snapped, not wanting to listen. He didn't want to listen to anything John had to say about him dying. "You're not going to die!" he said, trying to keep his voice firm, he wanted to be angry dammit. He was tired of being sad about it, and as he couldn't be happy about this situation, by god he would be angry. "You leave us and we will have nothing!"
Sherlock shivered, soaking up the praise happily. He hummed, wrapping his arms around John for a moment, nuzzling close to him. He smiled. "I love you..." he breathed, catching his breath a little. He rolled over, resting his torso over John's. He rested there for a moment, then sat up with a smirk. "Well, you got to enjoy seeing all of me at least.... Strip," he said, trying his hand at ordering for once. It felt out of place, but not entirely wrong.
John laughed, letting go of Katherine's hand and giving her a little nudge towards the park. "Alright, go on. You show me," he said, watching her run off and brush a light dusting of snow from the swing before jumping on. John swept the snow from the nearby bench and sat down, holding his hand out to Sherlock.
Sherlock hummed, then shook his head slowly, swallowing thickly. "Want you to hold me... but s'hot," he murmured. His eyes fluttered open again, and he let out a breath. "C-cool bath?" he asked softly. "Can... can we...?" he asked drowsily. "It's... so'hot John..." he said.
John glanced over at Sherlock, frowning slightly, and moved over until he was sitting right beside him. He wrapped his arm around his waist, taking one of Sherlock's hands in each of his own. "Are you alright?" he murmured, quietly enough that only he could hear.
Sherlock was conflicted as he looked into the blue eyes, and he shook his head. “No,” he said, standing up and going to the desk, scrawling down the address at which he lived. He walked back to the man, pressing the paper into his palm.
John chuckled, walking over and perching on the arm of Sherlock's chair. He combed his fingers tenderly through Sherlock's hair. "We can sneak some down to Mrs Hudson," he suggested with a smile, looking up as Katherine came bounding back into the room, wearing her favourite blue pyjamas.
John kissed Sherlock back with just as much passion and need as he was being kissed. "I love you, too. Don't ever think that I don't," he murmured.
Sherlock woke up almost a couple hours later, still laying on top of John, though at some point he had pulled out of him. He swallowed thickly, eyes pulling open. He was warm, too warm. He shifted a little, rolling off of John, his body heat too much. "S'hot," he murmured blearily.
Sherlock had assumed that they were gone, because why else would he just rot there? He swallowed, shaking his head again.
"Yes, well..." John sighed, cupping Sherlock's cheek and directing his gaze towards himself. "I'm only concerned about you and your safety. He's after you, for some reason, and he's playing with you." John stroked through Sherlock's hair, brushing it back from his face. "If he comes after you, I'll kill him."
"Just relax," he murmured, resting Sherlock's head on his shoulder and wrapping his arm across his back, careful not to touch his bruised side. He rested his cheek against the top of the boy's mop of curls, breathing slowly and evenly in an effort to portray calmness and to get Sherlock's breaths to match his.
"I'm definitely not letting you anywhere near them again," John agreed, his words turning into noises of pleasure at Sherlock's kisses. "God, you have soft lips," he murmured, tipping his head back to let Sherlock do what he wanted. For the moment, anyway. "And no. I was... mmm... worried about you."
Sherlock was quiet for a moment again. "Not you, John," he said, shaking his head. "This type of man, who deals in the subjugation of Omegas, he wouldn't want a compassionate Alpha, no... it would be the Omega that wasn't intimidated," he said, knowing that if he played things right, John would be okay. "Most in my position wouldn't have said anything, would have been to afraid to. I nearly was... and that's me. I wanted to start a row with an Alpha while we were out, you saw."
Bracing himself above Sherlock, John aligned himself and slowly, oh so slowly, pushed inside, revelling in how Sherlock spread around him. "Christ, you're so tight," John murmured, his lips pressed against the mark on Sherlock's neck. He snapped his hips, thrusting quickly in the last few inches. He didn't give Sherlock time to recover, thrusting inside of him in short quick strokes, purposefully not aiming for his prostate.
"Do you trust me?" he asked quietly, nuzzling against Sherlock's collarbone and stroking his hand down his side. "I'm not going to hurt you."
Sherlock watched John's hands work, seeing the care taken. John took care with what he did. He smiled a little.
It was half an hour later that Maria came back, dressed down. She nodded at the nurse, telling her to take Katherine to the other room, looking at John. "He's fine," she said. "Sorry to throw you out so unceremoniously, but in my experience it's easier for us to do our jobs if the bondmate isn't there barking at us or having a panic attack," she said, gesturing for John to follow.
Sherlock smiled, shivering a little under John's fingertips. He nuzzled closer to John, wrapping his arms around what he could of him. "Mm love you," he murmured, basking in John's praise. God it felt nice. He smiled. "My first time... wanting to," he murmured. "I wanted... make you happy," he said.
"I told you and Katherine, and you told yourself and Katherine, that I was coming home, because that was what you two needed to hear to keep yourselves sane," John said, still turned away from Sherlock, gripping the edge of the bed hard. "You told yourselves that you didn't have to wait long, not even a year and a half, and I would be home. You needed it to get through the day." He swallowed, knowing how wrong this was going to sound. "I told myself that I was probably going to die for the same reasons. It made me enjoy each of your letters more, appreciate each hot, rough, dragging breath that I took while I was over there, and when the time came that I could have died, it made me fight for what I had been appreciating."
Three weeks had passed since Sherlock had been officially released from the hospital. His arm was healed, and he hadn't stopped bouncing around like a person half his age since he'd been deemed 'healed.' John was great, fine. Completely healed, hair starting to grow over the scar above his ear. He was heading to a job interview, his first after going through a week of therapy, and his wonderfully irritating bondmate wasn't letting him leave without perfecting every last thing about his image. "Sherlock, for the love of God, my hair is just going to get messed up the moment I step outside anyway."
John shook his head, noticing the hesitation. He wasn't as good as either of the Holmes brothers, but he was a doctor and a soldier, and he was observant. And with a conclusion in the forefront of his mind, things were clicking into place. "No, don't brush it off like that. Sherlock, I want to know." He stepped forward, easing the soup off of the burner and turning Sherlock to face him.
John leant into Sherlock's touch, humming quietly and smiling to himself. "I wish it would have been," he murmured, combing his fingers through Sherlock's slightly damp hair.
Katherine blinked a couple times, tilting her head up to look at her Papa. "Bed? But just had lunch...s'not naptime yet," she said, glancing over at where Sherlock was sitting, the cool breeze brushing against his hot skin.  His eyes were closed and he hummed again, rocking Hamish's seat a small bit.
"Shh," John whispered, rolling onto his side and kissing Sherlock's forehead. "She'll get to know you, love. I promise, she will. Two years is nothing compared to the next fifteen, and then the next however many after that," he said, brushing at some of Sherlock's hair.
"No, please," John begged, not wanting to force the Omega to do anything. "I think there's a hole in your stomach lining from not eating for so long, and adding food right now is just going to make it worse. Sherlock, please."
Sherlock was a bit surprised by John's reaction, a little unbalanced when he was set back down. He leaned into John's hand, smiling as he nodded. "I...I am," he said quietly, looking up at John. He smiled, glancing over at Kat. "I want to wait to tell her." he whispered. "I wouldn't have the heart to tell her what happened if....if I lose it again." he said quietly. "Please can we wait? Until the first trimester is over at least...maybe for her...and your, birthday?" he asked.
John combed gently through Katherine's hair, smiling softly down at her. "You're a very smart girl," he said proudly, "and you're getting good with your words." He shifted on the bed a little, keeping his expression flat, but he knew that there was pain in his eyes.
"Easy," John whispered, reaching up to unwind Sherlock’s hand from that thick mop of dark curls. He held Sherlock's hand gently between both of his, kissing his knuckles softly. "I'll just go," he murmured, squeezing the Omega's fingers one more time before he walked over to the chest of drawers, pulling out some pyjamas for himself and heading for the door.
Sherlock hummed, almost wanting to say that he felt too warm for John to be cuddling up to him like that, but he stayed silent. He ended up falling asleep before he could think to even change his mind, body sagging limp against John's as his breathing steadied, though his heart still beat quickly.
“Oh,” Katherine said, blinking a couple times. She seemed to be mulling the answer over. “But…thought it took two daddies to make a baby. Like Misha,” she said, looking at the two of them before grabbing another handful of popcorn. Her attention was entirely off of the film now and squarely on her parents.
"Hey, see, there you go," John said, chuckling softly as he blew on her stomach again. "Don't be too loud, though, or you'll wake you're daddy. He needs his sleep, Katty, so be a good girl, please."
John didn't wait for an answer – Mycroft could be pissed if he wanted to. He sunk down beside Sherlock, gently taking his fingers from his hair and combing his own fingers through it instead – caring instead of destructive.
Sherlock jumped a bit at the nip on his neck, leaning down into John more. "’m glad I'm back too," he said quietly. He sighed, looking up at him. "I don't want to leave again... ever," he said quietly. "Never. I will always... always be here with you. You... and Katherine," he said quietly, looking at John. "And… if we ever... have another," he added. "I understand if you don't, I just... I missed it," he said.
"Don't, Mycroft," John said, pausing as he passed the older Alpha. "I'm not pushing you away from your brother, I'm not. Okay? But right now, he needs something solid. You haven't been there for the last three years of his life. He's only known me for three days, but I've been there all three days. I'm solid. Let me deal with this, please."
Sherlock was sitting up on his bed now, carefully buttoning up a shirt as he looked at John. "Soon as we're back, we're ordering some proper food. I've had enough jelly for a lifetime," he mumbled.
John chuckled, taking another sip of his tea. "I couldn't let you leave," he said quietly, wrapping his fingers around Sherlock's hand and squeezing. "I love you," he whispered, his eyes closed as he nuzzled closer to Sherlock.
His foot bounced as he worked, not able to type anything for the blog that he was able to leave there. He kept deleting the words. Everyone who read it, mainly his therapist, would think he was mad. No, that wouldn’t do. He finally just closed his computer and pushed away from the desk. He needed air.
Sherlock paled slightly as he saw his brother’s mouth open, seeing two sharp white fangs drop from under his lip. The horse behind him whinnied, kicking up before it darted away. Sherlock stumbled back, that was impossible.
"John, what's going on?" Amelia's voice. John turned to his left, seeing her and Adam beyond. John shook his head, turning to stare forward again.
"I'm getting used to it," John murmured a bit sarcastically. "I love you too. I love you so much." He nuzzled against Sherlock's neck, inhaling his scent deeply, kissing his pulse under his jaw, kissing the mark on the side of Sherlock's neck, both white crescent curves still beautifully visible.
"And we've already seen the difference two years makes," Sherlock murmured quietly. He sighed, looking up at John again. "I just want things to be normal again, I want things better, and I want to give more to you," he said. "I threw away two years, and I'll never get those back," he said quietly,
"What? No, I'm fine." He shook his head, glancing over at Sherlock and noting his picking at the tape around his wrists. John stood from the bed, padding into the bathroom to retrieve the first aid kit before returning, sitting down again and pulling out what he would need to re-bandage the Omega's wrists.
John fell asleep as soon as he felt Sherlock relaxed beside him. It was dreamless at first, and warm, but then it... wasn't. Flashes and explosions danced on the edges of his vision, and he started shivering like mad. Eventually he was reliving a moment, his first officer that he lost, and he was being held back, helpless to do anything as his friend bled out before him.
Sherlock sent a message to Molly, and she responded instantly, agreeing. No doubt happy she didn't have to lie anymore. Within five minutes she would come upstairs, knocking gently on the door.
John hummed, smiling a little as he kissed Sherlock back. "Good," he murmured, "I'm glad you solved it." He ran his fingers through Sherlock's slightly damp curls, his gaze flickering over his face for a moment before he closed his eyes, settling down on the mattress. "May as well sleep again," he suggested, not sure if Sherlock was going to go through another wave or not before this heat wore off.
John made a small sound of relief, running his hands over Sherlock's body, trying to still his slightly quaking form as he kissed him back. "Where did you go?" he asked quietly, kissing across Sherlock's jaw and then back to his lips.
He noticed a chain at the man’s throat, lifting it up to reveal dog tags that had fallen behind him.
"You were never a bad person, Sherlock," John said firmly, holding his mate close. They were quiet for a few minutes, and Hamish finally settled down completely and then fell asleep. "We can move Kat's old one in here in a bit. She's just storing toys in there right now, anyway," he said, kissing the top of Sherlock's head and continuing to rub his back.
Alpha. And people thought Omega's weren't good at things. He nodded a little under John's hand, tracing his tongue delicately around John's glans while stroking his shaft quickly with his hand.
John raised his eyebrows, watching Sherlock closely for any tells that he may have been giving off. "Tell me you're joking, please. You have to know that as a doctor and a friend and a future bondmate that I don't approve of recreational drugs."
Sherlock tensed when he felt hands on him, wanting to pull away; he didn't like being touched. His eyes didn't focus when his head was titled up, staring straight through John, not seeing him. It was the warmth that was pressed against his lips that started to drag him out of his head, and he took a breath, which felt like the first he had taken since the door had opened.
John groaned, closing his eyes to try and pretend he hadn't just had another nightmare. He could feel that Sherlock was awake beside him, his breath not nearly slow enough for him to be sleeping. "Go to sleep, love," he murmured. "You need to sleep."
John blinked a few times, still trying to comprehend how someone without a pulse could be sitting there talking to him. How this same someone could make a knife wound just disappear. John had felt himself slipping, in the alley. He’d felt himself dying. He knew it wasn’t just an exaggeration, because he’d died before. In that desert, he knew what it felt like to bleed out, to feel yourself drowning without any water present.
He knew without a doubt that he would go to the appointment, and then he would go home, and go to his appointment the next week, and the next week, until he was more or less forced to find a new place to live, which from the way things were looking, would not be in London.
John smiled to himself, setting the kit down by the chest of drawers before he moved back to the bed, curling up and pulling Sherlock close to him. He nuzzled against his neck and then his temple, kissing his forehead lightly. "Alright,
Sherlock blinked his eyes open when John sat up and rolled over, flopping back onto the bed. He smiled a little, ruffling John's hair a bit. "I'm sorry," he said quietly, stroking John's temple down to his jaw. "I'll get some soup made in a little bit," he murmured.
Sherlock opened his mouth to protest the toast, and the look but he fell silent, pouting a little. He shouldn't have to be forced to eat on his birthday. He ate about half of one of the slices when Katherine declared herself finished, and that she wanted to go colour something for Sherlock before they left. After she left Sherlock stood and put her plate in the sink, reaching over for his plate, intending to toss the remaining food out.
John nodded and they pushed into the room. His eyes were drawn almost instantly to the figure standing near a microscope and he froze. Impossible…what on earth were the odds of that?
John reached up to cup Sherlock's cheek, running his thumb over his cheekbone. "Yeah, I know. I'm trying." He reached behind him for the shampoo, pouring some into his palm and standing on his tiptoes to scrub it into Sherlock's hair. "I love your hair," he whispered, slowing down his motions to enjoy the feel more.
John whimpered at the suddenly blank screen. He left his computer on for long minutes after, hoping that Sherlock would call back, wanting to see him again, just a glimpse, but he got nothing. Not even the signal that said his mate was online. John closed the lid to his computer slowly, setting it aside before he finally let himself cry huge, racking sobs that tore through his chest and made his throat ache. He heard his heart monitor give a few warning sounds, but he paid them no head. He needed to cry, he needed to get it out. Barely any time later, a nurse came in and patted his arm, injecting something into an IV, and he blacked out, drifting uneasily into unconsciousness.
John had taught Hamish manners, and the infant now made a quiet sound and clapped his hands when he was hungry, looking towards John or Sherlock with wide eyes that he knew were hard to refuse. It had only taken one day, and all John had done was let Hamish cry and scream bloody murder. Mrs. Hudson had come up asking if they were killing him. He cried for an hour straight, on his back between John's thighs, with John rubbing his belly, telling him to calm down and ask politely, and finally his son had seemed to comprehend. He quieted down, sucking in uneven breaths and looking up at him with watering eyes, making a small begging noise and clapping his hands as if asking for something. The process had stuck.
Sherlock listened to the statement, trying to work through it. "Which makes London..." he led, wanting to hear John. Wanting to understand.
John sagged in the bed as soon as his family was around the corner, reaching over and turning up his morphine drip. He turned to Chase as the other doctor walked over, giving him a quizzical look. "You didn't tell him about my PTSD, why?" John asked, to which the doctor shrugged.
"Hey, don't," John murmured, tugging gently on Sherlock's hair to get his attention. "Don't run away from it. Then you'll always hate it." He stroked his hand from his hair down to his shoulders, rubbing gently over them. "Try to relax." All he wanted was to lie down beside him and kiss him until he relaxed, but he fought it, just holding Sherlock closer.
John furrowed his brow at the unexpected question, turning away from Sherlock to look out of his window. "That's a complicated question, Sherlock," he said quietly. "And there's a complicated answer behind it. And I don't think I'm quite ready to share all of those reasons with anyone just now."
"Yes well if I knew that, I might not be wearing four patches right now so do us both a favour and piss off so I can think!" Sherlock snapped, turning back to his microscope as the Alpha left in a huff. Sherlock didn't care, he was working, and it was what he had. He'd finished his undergraduate degree, and had no interest in pursuing anything else. There wasn't any point to.
John whimpered, covering Sherlock's lips with his own, but not really kissing, just holding them there. "God, Sherlock, I can't even..." he choked on another sob, wiping at his eyes and blinking down at Sherlock. "I went through so much hell over there. And now I'm home, and I'm just so bloody
John tilted his head back against the chair, closing his eyes and taking a deep breath. "You smell different again today," he noted quietly, knowing Sherlock would hear him anyway.
"Mycroft found your parents John," Sherlock said quietly. He looked up at him, biting his lip. "Your mother and Harry have made contact; they couldn't find her with her name being changed. Your parents lucked out a bit with the trade, kept together and sent to work at an estate, working for a few years before being allowed to go their own way," he said quietly. He swallowed. "But... John, I'm sorry I couldn't find them sooner, your dad passed away six months ago," he said quietly, hating having to tell John.
Sherlock nodded. That was good, John counted her. Sherlock relied on that. Because if it came down to that option with Moriarty... he didn't want John to do anything stupid that would make Harry and Clara necessary as Godparents. He would come back if he did, he promised this silently to both of them.
Sherlock nodded, sliding out of the booth carefully and scooping up the boxes. He peeled the napkin off his wrist and tossed it in a bin as he headed towards the door. He hadn't even had the chance to take off his coat, so he stepped outside, waiting on the pavement for John.
A nurse came in as he finally started to calm once more."Got your blood tests back," she said softly. "You're clean, so you can leave whenever you're ready. She walked up and set a bottle of pills on the table beside the bed. "Something to help with sleep if it’s needed," she explained gently. "You should be back to normal by tomorrow morning, physically that is." She gave another soft smile before leaving, closing the door behind herself.
Sherlock turned to John, looking him over. "Are you okay?" he asked, looking at John's eyes, still somewhat sluggish looking from the drugs no doubt. John wouldn't have gone willingly otherwise.
John watched Sherlock walk off, welcoming him back with a smile when he returned. "You're in pain," he murmured, noticing Sherlock's flinching. "How can I help?"
Sherlock swayed gently with John, holding him tightly. "Mmlove you...here sounds perfect." he murmured softly, smiling against John’s chest.
John smiled softly to himself, nuzzling against Sherlock's skin. He felt as if he should stay awake, even though he knew how stupid that was. He needed sleep so that he could look after Sherlock, and that's all there was to it. So he closed his eyes, his arm banding tighter around Sherlock's chest, until he drifted off into his best sleep in three days.
The pain pill had worn off a while ago, but Sherlock had stayed where he was. He watched as Katherine played with a Rubik’s cube, the same he'd left in the flat, actually, unsolved because the damned things were impossible. Eventually Katherine had leant on him, and then fell asleep again for lack of a better thing to do, half solved cube falling from her hand.
John sat down, chuckling despite his growing concern at her coughing, and pulled her into his arms, kissing her temple lightly. "I love you, Katty," he whispered, stroking her hair and twisting one of the curls around his finger. "I love you so very much."
John heard the shower start running at some point, though he didn't glance up to check the time. He got lost in the text of the book and the quick notes that Sherlock had left, and before he knew it, he was done reading and it was past midnight.
Sherlock pulled away, his lips a bit red, face flushed. He swallowed, running his tongue over his lips as he looked at John. "Ten minutes," he breathed, looking at John before he tore off of his lap and dashed to the door. He pointed at John. "Ten minutes, just... stay," he said, running out of the flat and down stairs.
John took a sip of his coffee, walking towards the window and leaning against it. "It actually scares me," he admitted, watching the clouds rolling overhead and knowing it was going to start raining later. He had missed the predictability of London's fall weather. "I don't want to be alone in my mind for any length of time. I don't like what's in there anymore."
John pulled on a jumper before he followed Sherlock from the room. He smiled slightly when he watched Sherlock wake Kat up gently, carrying her up the stairs. He found his phone by his chair, quickly calling his mum and saying that they would be over soon. Sherlock was just walking down the stairs when he hung up.
Katherine blinked, putting her book and crayons away in her bag before sliding off the bench, taking Sherlock's hand. He wanted her to talk to him, but then, he wasn't John. Maybe she was fine with him being there when John was, but otherwise... he was still a stranger to her. He sighed, taking her down to the cafeteria and getting a peanut butter and jelly sandwich and some apple slices. He also grabbed a small bag of jelly bears for her and some juice. They brought the food back to the waiting room and he set her up at a small table, Sherlock watching her as she ate.
John smiled lazily, still basking in the high of his orgasm. "Christ Sherlock," he panted, gaining a little more control of his voice now. "You always make me happy, you wonderful person." He pulled Sherlock up a little again and sunk down, meeting him halfway for a long, drawn-out and somewhat sloppy kiss. "Thank you."
John looked up to meet Sherlock's frantic gaze, knowing his own eyes were blown wide with fear. He lowered his hand from his mouth, his vision going foggy for a moment. "I..." he shook his head, squeezing his eyes shut. "Tomorrow night. Flight leaves at six."
John looked up at Sherlock in alarm when he started yelling, following his pacing figure around the room. When he passed by the door, his eyes found another shape lurking in the doorway. Kat. He held out his arms to her, scooping her up when she ran to him. "Oh, baby, it's alright," he whispered, rocking her slowly.
Sherlock's brow furrowed a little as he watched John's hand fall over his own. He pulled his hand away from the tape, shrugging a little indifferently. "Wouldn't be the first one I destroyed," he murmured quietly, curling up a small bit more. He let out a breath. "What does she want, anyway? The doctor. I don't need someone else telling me it's not my fault," he said.
"I'm mad at you," John said softly. "Really, really mad at you. But I'm getting over it, because I can't do this without you, Sherlock, I really can't. But I can't have you wallowing around in self-pity, either. Alright?" He leant forward, pressing a kiss to his forehead and combing through his curls.
"Here," John breathed, laving his tongue over Sherlock's sweaty skin, feeling his pulse jump in his neck. "I'm going to have you right here." His voice was lower now and he hitched Sherlock's legs up, wrapping them around his hips as he continued to ravage his neck with his tongue and teeth.
Sherlock let out a breath, eating some of the toast and taking up the bowl again, if only for the warmth to his hands. "Well I'm sure you'll be an asset to the infantry," he said methodically. "Steady hands such as yours are in short supply; they'd be lucky to have you for the length of your deployment." Which would be at least two years, assuming he didn't sign on for more. Or die.
Katherine shook her head as Sherlock tried to wipe it clean, pointing a messy finger to John. "Pa!" she said.
Sherlock let out a breath. The only times he'd been away from her was for four days total, that first day in the hospital when Molly had her. And then the only other heat he'd had in that time, when she'd been with Mindy. He let out a breath, nodding slowly. "I know," he murmured. "I know."
John made a sympathetic noise, holding Sherlock closer and continuing to rub his back. "I know. You've been through too much for someone your age," he whispered, pressing his lips across Sherlock's forehead and to his temple, then down to his cheek. "I would take it all away if I could."
Mycroft stepped closer to the younger Holmes, his eyes narrowing slightly as he inhaled slowly, letting out the breath. “Passing by…Sherlock,” he said, eyes fixed on him. “You didn't know…did you?” he asked.
Katherine blinked again, looking down at the man on the bed. He stirred slightly and Katherine jumped a little, wriggling out of her Papa's arms and onto the floor. She sniffed, crossing the room to pick up a doll she'd left in the room, and then raced out of it.
John looked away when the lift stopped moving, stepping out into the much cooler basement air. "Lab's this way. Not sure if Molly has a fresh body or not, so she might be busy at the moment."
John sat down in Sherlock's lap, wrapping his arm around his shoulders and reaching for his toast. He took a bite, then made Sherlock eat some too. He nuzzled against his jaw, wanting to be as close to him as possible. "Love you," he whispered.
John shook his head at Maria, squeezing Sherlock's hand when he caught his worried look. "Can we have a few minutes to talk about it?" Maria nodded and left, and John turned back to fully face Sherlock, cupping his cheek. "I think you should," he said quietly. "Five millilitres instead of ten, though. Take off the edge but you'll still have control of what you're doing." He stroked through Sherlock's hair, his brows furrowing. "Love, you need to relax. Breathe," he instructed calmly, running his fingers down Sherlock's cheek.
Sighing once more, Sherlock stood up as well, nodding once. "God no, I can't imagine her wanting to share with him anyway, she's never had to before," he murmured quietly. He had the spare thought that if they did have another pup, and it was a girl, she and Kat would have to share. He wondered what Katherine would think about that.
"Papa? Who's that?" Katherine asked as John walked past the living room and down the hallway. "Is he okay?"
Murray had been reassigned two weeks ago, right after John's shoulder had officially healed. It was mid-August now, apparently. Not even a year, and yet it felt like a lifetime.
John rested his hand over Sherlock's on his neck, deepening the kiss as much as Sherlock was, letting him stay in control of it. He wasn't sure if Sherlock was still on edge, and he didn't want to push him too far. He hummed happily, running his tongue along Sherlock's lower lip and squeezing Sherlock's hand reassuringly.
Sherlock nodded once, though he still felt a sense of unease. "You forgot the gun though... when we went out. If something had happened, I..." He silenced himself; worrying out loud did little to accomplish anything. He let out a breath, calming himself down some and leaning into John.
Sherlock shook his head, walking into the kitchen and eyeing the paper bag in the fridge, thankful he'd remembered to cover it up. He leant against the counter, watching John work.
Sherlock allowed himself to be led out, and the cab ride that ensued was a quiet and somewhat slow one. He let out a breath, nuzzling close to John, wanting him to feel better. Whole again.
Sherlock was whimpering and moaning with the pace John kept, and he finally couldn't stand it anymore with John stroking along with each thrust. He finished as he felt John's knot in place, crying out a little before laying boneless on the bed, his head rolling to the side as his chest heaved, eyes slipping shut.
"How?" John asked, his voice cracking. He hated himself for the tears he was fighting back, but he couldn't stop his emotions. "I lost all of my men and forty-seven others. All of them died under my care and my watch. How am I supposed to come to terms with that?"
Sherlock nodded a little, still straddling John's lap fully clothed. "Mhm..." he hummed, smiling against John's mouth. "Yes, sir," he said with a sly grin, biting on John's lip a little and sliding off of John's lap. He looked down at the horrible elastic trousers he was wearing, shucking them off with ease, standing there in his boxers after peeling off his socks.
Sherlock let out a breath, not having told John about that particular aspect of his kind. “John, that is not advisable. I am quite sure you would not wish to engage in such an…act,” he said carefully. He was given a look by the other that indicated that he clearly wanted him to explain. Sherlock sighed, sitting up in his chair a little more.
"I know..." Sherlock breathed, squeezing John's fingers. "Mm love you too... always. No matter what could ever or will ever happen," he said, smiling a little. He would miss this... but he'd have it back. He would have them both back, just as soon as he was done. And then there was a chance... well, if he could stop Moriarty and not have to leave... all the better. But the chance was a small one.
Katherine opened her mouth in a small 'o' of worry when she saw John's face, her hands going to his cheeks. "Papa you're sad!" she said, frowning a littler herself. "Get a owie?" she asked, pressing a small kiss to his damp cheek before turning her head sharply and sneezing, wiping her nose with the back of her sleeve.
"Kind of feel like I just had a seventeen hour shift in the med centre over in the desert and then went out and got pissed with my buddies, and then proceeded to sleep for three days. I don't know; it's a weird feeling, but I don't feel
"Sherlock, stop resisting," John grumbled, draping Sherlock’s arm over his shoulder and slowly carrying him towards where Lestrade was waving him over to a silver car. "We're going home; work with me here."
Well she certainly doesn't understand about sex and such. If you should like I can explain it to her, however she tends to repeat things quite a lot these days, and I can't afford to have her kicked out of daycare. I need some time to myself...though I don't really like being by myself, but still.
Sherlock glanced over at Hamish when John started to raise his voice, holding tightly onto him when he started to cry instead of yell. He wrapped one hand around the back of John's neck, rubbing the base of his hair with his thumb. "It'll be okay; we'll take care of this. We'll take care of the pups; we'll take care of everything."
"Night 'afore Christmas!" she exclaimed, sliding off Sherlock's lap and scurrying over to the coffee table to pick up the book, jumping up into Sherlock's lap again, and looking up at her Papa. In her lap sat the copy of
"You did not put me in here, and you didn't put me there, either," he said, completely confident in his answer.
Sherlock blinked when the door was opened, seeing what was practically the female Omega version of John, they had almost the same eyes.
John let out a contented noise, humming when Sherlock kissed his nipple. "Yeah, alright," he murmured. "You get any better at cooking?" he asked, his voice lilting into a tease.
When the cab pulled up in front of the flat, John paid and got out, holding the door for Sherlock. He led the way inside and upstairs to the living room, shaking up the antibiotics and pulling some into the small oral plunger. "It's pretty thin liquid," he said, turning to Sherlock. "It should go down pretty easily."
"I'm going to start missing your pregnant self if you're going to be that observant again," John grumbled, looking down at Katherine, who reached up with her fist and set it over his lips.
John let them get ahead of him, taking the second lift up to the lobby. He checked in at the desk, asking to be alerted when Sherlock was in a room, and retired to the waiting room, slumping down in a chair and dropping his head in his right hand, his left still shaking.
Sherlock got up and walked over to John, holding John's head in his hands and meeting his gaze. "You're amazing John. And everything will be fine. You still need to eat.
Katherine came prancing into the bathroom then in her little Christmas dress that she had picked out, climbing up onto her stool. Sherlock had taken on the job of doing her hair - he was surprisingly good at it – and so he started pulling her curls away from her face and pinning it back.
"I've got crowning, looks like a head of dark hair," Maria said, but Sherlock couldn’t focus all that well on just what was being said.
Sherlock shook his head. “You don’t have to apologise, John.” He settled Hamish between the space between his and John’s thighs. “We can call in a little while if you want, check in,” he murmured quietly, tilting his head up to look at John.
Sherlock was quiet, glad that John wasn't looking at him, not able to see the look of horror on his face. He let out a breath, containing his emotions. He tightened his hold on John and buried his face into John's neck, running his hand down John's back. "I will always bring you away from that place John," he promised quietly, thinking about what John said last, he thought through John's story, pausing a moment. "You had them before they took you, my scarf...Katherine's doll. He...he didn't just keep the tags did he?" he asked, looking up at John. "He kept your identity...your name, my scent...why?"
“That’s no acceptable reason.” Scott stated as if ending the call was a state's affair. Which it definitely felt like!
Stretching his arms over his head, exposing and displaying the entirety of the otherworldly beauty of his body, Sherlock languidly lolled on the sheets. Coquettishly batting his eyelids, he pointedly took hold of the headboard, gripped it tight the way they sometimes did when the cuffs were too far away and the orgasm too close to get up and get them.
However, taking it back or ignoring it wouldn’t help either. Sherlock would think he’d regret it or something. Or that it’d been said by accident, what it was of course, but not in that way… fuck. He took a deep breath.
John only stared, no idea how exactly to react, and apparently Miss Pirate was very pleased with herself. It didn't last long though, before an expression spread on her face he knew all too well from his detective and he knew they were done playing; the game was on.
Suddenly the halls surrounding him didn't hold any comfort for him anymore. They only felt empty, abandoned, lifeless. Where he had felt secure before he now only felt oppressed and almost crushed under the massive walls of the buildings. Closed off, trapped. John clutched the short strands of his greyish hair and groaned.
John should have known better as to be agitated by this already, because his state didn’t increase one bit when Miss Pirate made her way all up to the dancing pole in this same manner, winking mischievously at the nearby audience before poking her tongue out and giving the metal pole a chaste and testing and tasting lick. Closing her eyes in pleasure, as if savouring the most delicious taste, she licked her lips and made the dark purple lipstick shine, which accentuated the sinful mouth even more.
He knew he was able to do that. Ever since John he knew that he was able to redefine himself, that there was no need to give in, to give up. He learned that he was able to withstand the outside world. He had found a reason to be a better man. John had to understand that he was the person who had done that.
"What is?" Sherlock tilted his head, frowned. Everything was about John, but what was it to Molly? What issues would she have concerning John?
He stood in front of the glass door leading from the kitchen to the garden terrace and watched the same green grass as the day before, when the first text arrived. He felt his stomach drop at the all too well known text alert. John had never been aware that he had a personalised one. He had always been so furious about the ridiculous text alert of the woman woman, without knowing he had one himself. But then, how should he have known. It's not as if they were texting when they were together in the same room. Why would they. So John wouldn't have been able to notice. And Sherlock would certainly not tell him.
“Furthermore, I wouldn’t risk you killing Lestrade for giving you that stupid idea in the first place, would I? You'd end up in jail and I'd lose my main source of interesting cases. That'd be a pity.” Sherlock chuckled.
Maybe he should acknowledge that he didn’t know John Watson any more. John Watson had stopped being the man Sherlock thought to know the moment Sherlock had been handed over a piss yellow file Mycroft had kept on John. A moustache. John had looked about 150 years old. Maybe he should stop assuming things about John, basing his facts on a John he once had known.
Sherlock seemed to be in a similar state though, which drew John’s eyes down to where his flat belly rose and fell underneath the once white vest in a fast rhythm. He wasn’t physically able—well, mentally rather, or… physically after all considering the state of his desperate cock—to avoid his eyes from the stripe of bared flesh where the vest came untucked from the low hanging denims Sherlock wore. John’s breath stuttered at the sight of the peeking out V-line of Sherlock’s well trained abs, involuntarily guiding the gaze downwards to the obvious bulge tightening the worn out denim, showing the outlines of Sherlock’s fully erect penis. His eyes snapped up, when Sherlock spoke again.
,” John started to sing, a bit uncertain, feeling a bit silly. However, this was what had been going through his mind all along humming this song. Sherlock had asked what it was he was humming; and it wasn't the name of the song he wanted to know. The actual question had been what it meant to John. And probably also, why.
He had to know. If not Afghanistan, then what? Was it totally unrelated to the PTSD maybe? That would open up a totally new range of possibilities.
"Oh, that's what I was hoping for… Not to get sick, obviously. But I won't mind you keeping an eye on me, Doctor. I'd suggest you better look closely, those germs are very small. Better examine me thoroughly…" He said and lowered his voice sultrily, and John felt one of Sherlock's slender feet suggestively travel up his calf.
At that moment, when the paramedics had left and had taken Sherlock with them, pale as the goddamned sheet, John hadn't been able to go with him, stay at his side as he should have. Because SHE was still standing in the middle of the living room, in his and Sherlock’s home and he couldn’t allow that! She hadn’t belonged there; she never had and she never would. She couldn’t be allowed to stay any longer than necessary!
John was quiet for a moment, thinking. Something about this felt familiar… he wasn’t sure he liked that. The way he’d been feeling, it made everything normal feel wrong. And now this felt, comfortable almost. That feeling alone made him feel rather uncomfortable with the whole situation. Just another example of his life never falling back into place, perhaps it never would. A part of himself he didn’t recognize was telling him this was fine, a good thing. But he didn’t trust that, it didn’t feel like him.
"Some chips from the cafe across the street from the hospital," Sherlock said with a small smile. "The hospital ones are ghastly," he said. "And at this point, I'd just about murder for some, but I don't think Lestrade would be pleased with me."
The cab ride home was as quiet as the one earlier that evening. Only, Miss Pirate had her eyes closed, head dropped back on the backrest and John let her be. At one point John spotted a movement out of the corner of his eyes and turned. He smiled, spotting the hand resting palm up on the seat between them. He tenderly took it and laced their fingers and as if in a snap the tension in the car eased; Miss Pirate turned her head, opened her eyes and smiled warmly at him.
Sherlock shot him a short amused look, hummed affirmative, having heard enough stories about John's sister to know he was right. John smiled ruefully back before he continued, constantly aware of Sherlock's hands brushing light as feathers over the still small but slowly growing patch of his bare skin.
Mingling the club crowd, he randomly joined persons who looked promising, which in this case meant suspicious, to start a for now superficial conversation—dropping hints about his “business”, hoping the right people would pick up on it. He was getting good at this, maybe he should consider making it an actual business after all, John thought sarcastically. He already had several people contacting him on his website, set up especially for this occasion, although he had left it to Sherlock to deal with them. John himself would have had no idea what to tell them to get rid of them considering there was actually nothing real to offer as it had all been a mere piece of well acted drama. And some kind of drama it was…
"I'm not any better than that scum of a father I had," he winced and whispered against Sherlock's neck, "and each time I hear this song I'm reminded of it, even though I love the song. Along with all the good memories, it also holds this truth."
So Sherlock didn't stop spinning. He turned and turned, his view blurring. It wouldn't make any difference. Probably it was just his body giving in, messing with his senses, fooling his imaginations. He welcomed it. Good.
He was a bit caught off guard when he discovered that he had, without being aware, reached his floor and was facing the door to his flat.
"Of course I do. The Cadogan Pier. Of course I know. One time there was this smuggler that I located on…"
“You can’t know that.” Scott objected, breathless. Alright then, apparently the smart-arse-ness wasn’t fully switched off yet.
particular effect on you is rather fortunate, I have to admit.” Sherlock smirked. “But,” he went on more seriously, “you’re also getting jealous and protective. Much more so than usual.” When John wanted to protest, Sherlock held up a hand to stop him. “And also more than the role you had to play would have justified.” He looked pointedly at John, waited for John to acknowledge it. When John didn’t make any more attempts to contradict, Sherlock went on, quietly, pensive. “Don’t get me wrong John, I like what it implies in general—that I’m important to you, that you want me well. But what happened at the clubs, that… wasn’t the John I know. You’ve been possessive, menacing… frightening by times. You’ve never behaved like that before.”
"That was then. This is now." Is actually such a small thing to say but had such a surprisingly (for me) great impact! It stayed with me ever since I read it in
“I’m afraid you have to be a bit more specific than that for me to be able to answer that question.” Mycroft said stiffly, unbothered by John’s outburst of emotions.
"Piss off!" she spat sharply over her shoulder while starting to walk away and John's stomach dropped. Really? That was it? A freezing tightness clenched his heart.
, coming from the nook Sherlock had emerged from. Although, not really music. More like a voice, a female voice, carrying a simple yet powerful melody. The voice seemed surprisingly young and yet it was oddly rough and mature. Only accompanied by minimalistic single piano notes.
John, conveniently calmed down again thanks to over-heated tubes crowded by sweaty smelling people, followed him, came standing next to him at the sink and waited to be briefed about the upcoming agenda. When Sherlock started to unpack and inspect various versions and sizes of cold wax strips though, he couldn’t stop himself from  intervening. Rembering the totally unnescessary torture some of his girlfriends went through to achieve the desired hairlessness, he couldn’t just wait and watch Sherlock putting himself through hell.
“What did Greg think? That I’d jus’ tell you all this? He really is an idiot, Ssshherlock, you were right! But then... you aaalways are. You’re jus’ brilliant! The brilliantestest person I’ve ever known. Brillianter than Mycroft. And more beautiful. Much more. The beautifullestest! Of all, Ssshherlock! I want to watch you aaalllll day. But you’d notice and we can’ have that, right? You’d deduce my thoughtsss and then you would be appalllled. Of me.”
John tried to continue pitying himself. But there was a kind of feeling taking hold of him, spreading in his chest, he always tried to avoid. The warmth that crept through his veins was carrying memories of other days they’ve had together, the days that had been much happier than those he was cursed to relive lately. There had been smiles, there had been fun, there had been excitement, there had been trust, there had been … yes, love. There had been that special bond they’d shared. Whatever anyone liked to call it, for him and Sherlock there never had been the need to specify it. It just had been there. It just had been them! On that note… yes; it was kind of perfect love Sherlock had given him. But when and why has that changed? Had it changed?
"At ease, Captain," a warm and sultry voice purred into his ear. He blew out a breath of relief. "Enjoyed the show?" The smirk on the lips forming the words was clearly conveyed in the slight quiver of the deep voice.
Without the immediate option to process his emotions and pour them into dance he felt trapped within himself, pacing like a panther behind bars in his own mind. His skin felt prickly, he became over-sensitive for every sensation, every impression, every stimulus around him. He recognised the tells
The longer it took, the more weeks went by without an end to the London lockdown in sight, the more one Consulting Detective got bored.
Sherlock thought bitterly. That was exactly what Sherlock was afraid of - forget everything, pretend nothing had happened, carry on as usual! How very convenient!
“So, what you’re actually saying is that I defeated Mister Obvious?” John smirked. The annoyed huff being the only reaction only spurred him on. “I’m that mysterious, aren’t I? Completely unheard of, outstanding, the unsolvable puzzle.” John’s grin only grew hearing the snarled ‘absurd’ in response. “Admit it, I’m exceptional. Extraordinary, really.”
It made John’s sight getting blurry. He felt his own face glow, his eyes water from the impact of the realisation.
Slowly but steadily he walked over to his chair, grabbed his laptop and flipped it open. Watching the screen lighten, he cautiously placed his fingers on the keyboard and started typing.
"Oh, are we impatient now?" John raised his eyebrows. "Still making demands?" he lowered his chin and studied Sherlock over the rim of his non-existent glasses.
"That's what I want, too. Exactly what I want, Sherlock." he murmured back and couldn't resist to steal one more kiss from that sinful mouth. It was just a short touch of lips, a chaste twirl of tongues; but when he broke the kiss Sherlock followed his mouth, leaned in, eyes closed, as if drawn in by a magnet.
Finding himself still holding his phone pressed between his hand palms, Sherlock hurried to punch in a new message.
, we will see to that later. You know, this is probably the only good thing coming from this vexing pandemic—we can do all the paperwork at home and Lestrade will never again be able to force me to come to New Scotland Yard after a case just for that now it is proven that it can just as well be done from our sofa.” He grinned broadly at John, very pleased with himself. Then focused back on the mail. “Ah, here. Update about the interrogation. Oh, well done Lestrade…”
“Think, John. Think!” John felt almost bare under Sherlock’s scrutinising eyes. “Do you… by any chance… know...
She splayed her hands across his pecs and he saw a glimmer of… what… thrill?... excitement?... want?... flash her gaze when she laid eyes on the dog tags he was still wearing out of habit.
The thing was, the longer the night lasted the more the line got blurred between what was still act and what wasn’t. His confusion was only spurred by Miss Pirate's apparent attempt to win the contest of Miss Mixed-Signals. The one moment she leaned into his touch, almost clinging to his side—the next moment she glared at him when he gave her an affectionate peck or ran his hand up and down her back. She alternated between being sweet and snappy and shy and frosty in a way that his brain ended up in knots in the attempt to keep up.
’? Future? No imperative? God, he groaned, hoping Scott wouldn’t notice, he really was a ridiculous man. As if there’d be a future for them. A future in which he’d be able to see that cursed purple shirt of sex with his own two eyes. If only… Okay, he needed a distraction, wouldn’t do to drown in self-pity now when he had the glorious opportunity to have sex with this marvelous man right now, right here. Even if only in his mind. Let’s get the hell on with it...
Now he knew for sure, he was losing. Everything. Himself. He was falling. Falling apart. He had tried. To avoid it. But he fell. For John. A long time before Reichenbach.
"Now listen… The correct metric is: 'O-Christmas-Tree-O-Christmas-Tree' rather than the ear insulting 'Ohhh-Christmas-Tree-eeee-Ohhh-Christmas-Tree-eeee' you're indulging in. Hear the difference? Obvious, isn't it?"
“You’re not anymore though.” John squeezed one of Sherlock’s hands. “Didn’t you know? There are always two of us now. Don’t you read the newspaper?” John smirked.
Since then John sat somewhere in the flat - well, boat - with a cup of tea in hands, most of the time lost in thoughts. Occasionally he replaced the tea by a can of beer or a tumbler of whisky. All three of them didn't help. He had discovered that he preferred sitting in the so-called kitchen, at the bar stool at the sort of kitchen counter. Here he could look out of the only window which didn't face the Power Station. Or the roof terrace would do as well as he had the possibility to turn away. But that didn't always work. He caught himself glancing that way by times until getting back the grip on himself and forcing himself to look away.
Mycroft stepped forwards, tenderly brushed some of the curls which were draping across Sherlock’s face aside and leaned down to speak quietly into Sherlock’s ear.
When the lyrics started he let himself slump back against the backrest of the sofa, head thrown back, leaning on top of the backrest, eyes squinted shut.
“What good would it do if I break down from starving because a madman denied me eating when my blood sugars are lower than hell? That’s torture…. Damn …” John muttered silently, but didn’t complain further. Who was he kidding, he wouldn’t risk losing track of a suspect just for a proper dinner, that had to wait. But he looked around to pick something quick – just something, doesn’t really matter what!
John stared at the phone. Was this…? Couldn’t be the same Scott, right? But then… What were the odds that there were two Scotts working for the same hotline? Or was Scott just a common sex worker alias? The male version of Lolita? John wouldn’t know…
Speaking of, at some dreadful point he actually had to let go of his arm candy because his bladder screamed for attention. He told Miss Pirate in a, as he thought, clear and unambiguous way to stay put and not let anyone come near her. He didn't trust any of these folks after his spider-y encounter.
“What case?” Sherlock pouted and glared at him, his gaze piercing and heated, barely resistable. “Don’t know of a case.”
"No need to get protective, mate. Guess she's had enough dicks between her legs to be used to it by now, yeah?" the man raised his hands apologetically. But John wasn't calmed in the slightest.
“Come on, John. The game is on!” He called over his shoulder and off he was like the whirlwind John loved, flying down the stairs.
Even more so when she leaned over, pressing her plush lips against the shell of his ear, tongue darting out, flicking his earlobe. He felt a new rush of blood draining to his lower parts, leaving his brain, making it impossible to think.
He needed to let go of the past, but he didn’t want to abandon it. It had brought him here. No past, no John. He needed to re-evaluate, to re-arrange. Find a way to include the good things of the past into the new version of himself. There had to be a new him.
"I just wondered, where…," Greg was about to say, when John quickly interrupted him, holding up one hand but dropping his chin on his chest.
“John, do you really…?” Sherlock tried to gain back John’s attention, but all he earned was John’s raised finger.
"Oh, do they? Our place to be then…" he said airily, picking up their plates and walking over to the sink to do the washing up.
Suddenly Sherlock exhaled shakily and the spell was broken. John tried to hold on to him. But in the end Sherlock slipped his hand slowly out of John’s grip. Turned. Stopped. And hollowly added, facing away from John: “Oh... and John… don’t look for me. You won’t succeed. And also no need to come back here. At least... I won’t.” With that he walked away, without another look back.
Even though he knew it was not part of the plan and unlikely to happen, he caught himself foolishly gagging for a single glace in his direction or the tiniest bit of attention like the worst kind of groupie; while at the same time he had difficulties to retain the urge to snatch her out of reach of any male being which wasn’t himself and lock her up in an impregnable tower like the worst kind of overprotective dad. Dad? Did he honestly just think
The front door opened and from the time it took John to insert the key into the slot Sherlock deduced that there wouldn’t be an evening with John after all. Great. At least he was home; the boredom was much more bearable this way.
Still curious, he had followed Sherlock through the hidden hole in the fence. He had been lost for a moment in that big building, not able to make out where Sherlock had gone. He had expected him crowded in  some dark corner by Mycroft.
Sherlock was already halfway up the stairs to John’s room and hurried to get there. His phone still tightly pressed against his ear. Who knew, maybe John would call for help or anything. He couldn’t miss that. That would be irresponsible, to deny a friend in need. Ohhhh, wrong train of thought…
No immediate response. That was okay. Maybe John had to let this sink in for a moment. Maybe he just now realised how it all made sense. Probably he'd come around now and thank Sherlock for his help in just a few moments.
John had expected Sherlock to brush it off or ridicule it. Sherlock didn’t say anything though. Just watched John and after a moment...
Being too lost in thought to take part in any decision making John just went along and they inevitably ended in the occasional pub. At least they did eat. Steak for Greg and melancholic curry for John. It was quite delicious, but most importantly it was warm and filled their stomachs and they didn’t have to prepare it themselves.
back in your life! I’ve always been just second choice… I wouldn’t ever had a chance! Never! Did it really take
That moment his train of the Jubilee line arrived to take him to Westminster to the headquarters of NSY. Hustling all his belongings in that old army bag, John was able to snatch some space where he could lean against the wall. He closed his eyes and let the noises of the surrounding crowd and the monotonous rattle of the wheels working the rails wash over him.
“Whatever it is that is frightening you so much…” He said with emphasis, holding Sherlock’s gaze. “We can do it together! There’s nothing, do you hear me Sherlock,” he ran both his hands through Sherlock’s curls, searched his beautiful face, let his hands rest at his nape, “nothing that can scare me away. Nothing can be worse than being without you.” Sherlock swallowed, a shaky intake of breath. Eyes as troubled as the stormy sea looking back at John.
“Then don’t.” Was Sherlock’s only sharp comment. Pushing himself off the wall he strode past John leaving him to follow. Or to stay behind. Which was no option! So John jogged after Sherlock until they reached the main street and wordlessly got into a cab.
—down to the underwear! John wondered and worried if Sherlock expected that during the case the need would arise for John to dress down to his pants; or if that little detail was fully Sherlock-self-indulgent. Same as the fact that John’s side of their wardrobe was slowly but surely filling with a not insignificant amount of suits and probably insanely pricey shirts and trousers and suspiciously snugly fitting boxer briefs. Sherlock assured him that those were paramount for the disguise. Yeah, right…
Greg                      I tried to relax as I looked through what DVDs were in the media room, choosing one of my Disney favourites, Robin Hood. The chairs were large recliners and I had to make sure not to fall asleep in them if we wanted dinner at all.
Sherlock               Lifting my head a little I try and half lift, half push John and Rosie into the cover of the museum doorway, breathing hard and pale, whispering, "There, there, my little Rosie, everything is all right. Papa and Daddy are right here"
Sherlock               Glancing over too I follow his gaze, then treat him to an extra special friendly wink, "Look, when's your break? Can we get you a coffee and have an informal little talk?"
John    Wait, a date. Did I just make a date with a man? I shake my head. No, he was just nice and a new friend. No different than when Greg and I go out for pints. I rejoin the rest of the facilitators at our table.
Mycroft                 Feeling decidedly relaxed, I melted into Greg's arms as slower music came on, and he pulled me close. He rested his head on my shoulder, his lips on my neck sending a thrill through me.
Sherlock               Staring at Mycroft my jaw drops, then I leap to try and scoop Rosie up into my eyes, starting to panic, "What? It looked like juice."
Mycroft                 I looked up when I heard the knock at the door, to see Lestrade standing there. "Is it time to leave already?”  I said, rubbing my tired eyes.
Mycroft                 "Children are resilient. I'm sure she will have completely forgotten the event soon." I nodded.
John                      “Alright.” I put fresh gauze down and tape him up. “I want have a look at the sutures on the exit wound. Are you ready to sit up?” I hold out my hand to help him up.
Greg                      "Yeah, yeah, just give me 10 minutes and can you find the little pack John left for me?" I turned ‘round to wipe the sweat off my face anyway and smiled at him, my eyes scanning him as he seemed to rush to the kitchen.
James Morgan      "Let's play the truth game. Every time you pass you take a shot. Every time you answer I have to take a shot and vice versa."
Greg                      The sight of Mycroft between my legs sucking me off wasn't something I had ever expected and I'd thrown my arm over my mouth again so I could moan through it. If Rosie wasn't in the next room then I would have been almost shouting his name. I was running my other hand through his hair, trying to gasp the word ‘stop’ when I could feel on that edge of climaxing.
James Morgan      I put one hand behind his neck to pull him in closer and the other travels up to his chest. The smell of the tequila and his cologne were a good blend to the smell that's intrinsically him. After he opens up his mouth a bit I swipe my tongue against the lower lip.
Sherlock               Nodding in relief I sweep off towards the kitchen to brew some real tea for us adults and to fetch some soft drinks for Rosie, "I'm sure we can pretend we have princess hats?"
Sherlock               Flopping down on the sofa I pull my socks and shoes back on, my face relaxing a little as my eyes fall on Rosie, "Do you really think she'll be all right? I would take all the punishment in the world if it meant she would be safe."
Sherlock               Pausing, I give serious consideration to her words, my eyes lighting a little, "Not-greg is always eager to work with me..."
Sherlock               Attempting to sweep up to him I somehow find myself caught by the back of my coat, perplexing me a little as my feet scrabble on the tile floors before I turn to see what's happening, scowling as I notice Lestrade's hand firmly holding me
Rosie                     "I've been here forever today. I saw you all naked with Unca Myca in da kitchen but you didn't see me."
Mycroft                 I knew full well Rosie's door hadn't opened. "Hmm." I nodded. I knew he was avoiding something, but I couldn't quite read it. "I suppose I should head to bed, then." We walked down the hall to check on Rosie briefly - her door was closed, and she was sound asleep, as I predicted - and I followed him to his room, stopping in the doorway.
Greg                      "The attempted murder would still be on Ms. Smith but also James for covering this up. lying to all of us." I sigh, it getting complicated along the way and I just wanted to deal with one thing at a time.
Mycroft                 I shuddered, and took a deep breath. "She and I were... close. Very close." I gave him a meaningful look. "After university, she left."
John                      I rub my hand over the back of my neck, Bashful, that he saw right through my crisis. “Thanks, James.” I disappear into the cab, pulling out my phone to read all of Sherlock’s texts. Shite. I scrub my hand over my face.
Greg                      "Yeah, detective inspector back home at Scotland yard and I mainly follow cricket and watch it. It's like baseball but you have a thicker bat and instead of running around bases, we run between wickets. I'm originally from the more countryside of the UK, joining the police when I was 18." I chose carefully to what to tell him.
Sherlock               Taking the bag with a rather defeated air I nod, "I may need to use your sofa to sleep on tonight."
Mycroft                 "Is... Is Sherlock OK? I need to call him..." I started looking around for my phone. I was still fairly disoriented. The nightmare had seemed so real. Tears started to well up in my eyes.
Sherlock               Stepping out of the cab my mood seems to lift a little, almost dancing with glee as I squirm my hips. I seem rather sweaty though and red in the face, keeping my large coat on and my normal suits despite the weather, "The advantages of time zones. Molly had been working on the samples I sent her and has managed to isolate some suspicious chemical compounds"
Sherlock               Grabbing my phone with one hand I pull out a sheet with the other, nodding and pushing it towards him, "We need to go to Maryland. Come on." without waiting I sweep away towards the door in a little whirlwind of loose papers
Nina Boucher      "Mycroft? Wait..." I vaguely recognize the name. "He's the new interim British Ambassador, right?" I had heard about him through the rumor mill, still keeping an ear out for anything involving the British Embassy in case it affected me or our cause. I begin thinking that James could probably protect himself well enough and neither of us would need to reveal anything about our group's plans. And I felt sorry for this Mycroft if Willa had indeed deceived him and broken his heart.
Mycroft                 “What Greg does in his personal life is none of your concern, Sherlock. He is an adult." I walked over to my desk and gave him a shove, pushing him off my desk. He landed on his feet with a huff.
Greg                      "You can keep an eye on the stew while I go get the pack from your desk. No matter what Sherlock says, I'm not a complete idiot." I muttered as I followed him back in and I used to have that habit of keeping spares in my desk. I was still waiting to hear back from Anthea about his other hiding places.
Mycroft                 The tube down my throat was irritating, making me cough. I started to reach for it, when John grabbed my hand.
I'm wandering around the museum. They're closing now. No one will talk to me about seeing John or the other man. -SH
Sherlock               I drop the shears as soon as the first gunshot sounds, lunging towards John to wrap myself around him, bending him so Rosie is between us and I'm covering as much of my blogger as possible, acting as a shield for them
Greg                      My heart pounced when he said that and I must have gone pale in the face because he cupped my face with his other hand looking me over. It was a huge thing to say, my lips whispering the same thing but it was barely audible and I couldn't remember the last time someone had said it to me.
Mycroft                 I squinted at the sun coming through the window, my whole body feeling like I'd been thrown down a flight of stairs. My eyes slowly came into focus, seeing a glass of water and a bottle of paracetamol on the table by the lamp. I reached for them, my head pounding, and took two pills and drinking the water down gratefully. I set my head back on the pillow and pulled the blanket over my eyes.
Peter Harkness    "Ok, so this is the last thumb drive" as I hand it to Mark as he sits at his desk and I hover over his shoulder watching the progress bars as we upload evidence files to the Wikileaks servers. I look at my watch and see it's almost time for the gas canisters to open and put all of the Capital building into a nice nap before they can vote on their ridiculous immigration reform bill that will close our borders. "Care for a quick toast, Mark?" As I move to the champagne and glasses I brought in with me. Mark stands and moves to the corner of his desk where I hand him his glass. "To truly making America great again" he says and we klink our glasses together and drink from the champagne.
Greg                      "I appreciate the concern, Sherlock, but I can fight my own battles. Decide who I sleep with." I said softly as he looked around and he did have the school boy look about him.
Peter Harkness    “Alright. Let me show you to your suite and drop your bags and then we can head out as soon as you like” and I lead us down through several turns of the hallways to his suite.
Mycroft                 "Perhaps the patient could get some sleep?" I said, hopefully. Not that I was that tired, but Sherlock was getting on my nerves.
John took a slow breath in, closing his eyes before easing them open again. "Alright," he whispered. "Alright, we'll sleep. And then tomorrow the kids will be home and everything will be fine." He wasn't sure who he was trying to convince, but he wasn't sure it was working on himself. "Goodnight, love," he murmured, pulling Sherlock closer as he gradually forced himself to sleep.
Harry sighed. "Christ you're stubborn, you really are," she muttered. "Look, Mum's tea is getting cold, so I'm going in there. You can do as you like," she said, walking past John and into the hall where she nearly ran into Sherlock. "Oh! Careful there, he's back that way," she said with a nod towards the kitchen as she took the tea into the living room.
Sherlock hummed. "Won't be a strain if she comes," he murmured. He was torn, though, really. He didn't want her to be in there anymore, but he was terrified for her to be born. Both for having to go through that, but also for after.
Sherlock thought a moment. "Approximately twenty minutes after he sends his next text, whenever that is," he said quietly. He looked at his phone, which was still turned off, and picked it up. He turned it back on, seeing a new text.
"They're purposefully loading more onto you, testing your skill, and how well you work under pressure, as well as how you react to being told to do things short notice," Sherlock said. "The only logical reason behind this being that they want you sooner. And, in all likelihood, will have you sooner as well," he said.
Sherlock swallowed, letting out a breath. "Only two?" he murmured, tensing up as another came. That woke him up a little more.
They eventually pulled up to the flat, and Sherlock slid out of the cab, walking up to the door, testing the knob and finding it unlocked. He glanced back at John and waited until he was done with the cab before looking at the steps.
Sherlock whimpered a little, sucking in his stomach. "You're a cruel man," he murmured softly with a smile. He reached down and held John's hand so he couldn't tickle him further. He sighed a little, turning his head as much as he could to kiss at the corner of John's mouth he could reach.
John leant against the door-jam, watching Sherlock pacing for a while before he stepped up and wrapped his arms around him, pulling him back against his chest. He nuzzled against his neck, kissing his mark lightly, over and over again. He delicately traced lines over Sherlock's rounded stomach before pressing his palm against it. "Would you like a back massage?" he asked quietly, his lips brushing over Sherlock's skin.
“Well damn,” John grinned broadly, and said teasingly, already leaning down for another kiss, “Why is everything always my fault, huh?”
When John pulled it quickly from the waistband at his back and held it up in a nonchalant way that showed how at ease he was with it, Sherlock's pupils dilated and he stared hungrily at John as if he wanted to devour him.
The song he had heard at Battersea still lingered in his head; he knew that he knew it, but had been too dumbstruck to really recognise it. '
One day John caught Sherlock in the bathroom, growling "Grow better!" at his own reflection. He just shook his head fondly and pretended that nothing had happened. Once Sherlock suggested measuring the length of the hairs and calculating an average to determine the winner of the competition. It turned out that John was extremely ticklish and it ended with a frustrated Sherlock, who secretly adored his bearded John in a giggle fit.
“Yes. Yes he's fine… now. ‘His old snarky self’ or something like that. That's at least what Mrs Hudson told me.”
John's breath got shallow over this internal fight although he long since knew which part had won the upper hand. He tried to force himself to avert his eyes, but the only result was a slight flicker from Sherlock to a micrometre next to him into the void and back. He couldn't… he just couldn't…
Sherlock was left dumbfounded. Only when he regained some composure he started to make his way back to the sofa to fold himself under a blanket and sulk for the rest of the day.
“To complete the look. Obvious.” Sherlock sat there, proud like a peacock. “Isn’t it awesome, John?”
“I think this can work, Sherlock. What are you afraid of?” John squeezed his hand, which he was still holding firmly. Sherlock’s heart raced, his mind whirled. John knew... John had seen right through him. Sherlock felt his hand palms getting sweaty, trepidation made him jittery.
Continuing what he had begun, John moved further to Sherlock’s buttocks, felt them flex under his hands, pulling Sherlock closer, their erect cocks sliding deliciously against each other. He realized the fingers in his hair had stilled and the breaths close to his ear were shallow and stuttering.
Sherlock lowered his eyes, looked like a child awaiting punishment. John took a deep breath; tried to calm down. It wouldn’t help one bit if they argued now.
"You'll never get what you want!" he heard Sherlock say and peered around the corner, trying to estimate the perfect moment and the urgency to step in.
But he was distracted, he couldn't focus. With every bit that Sherlock was swaying his hips broader, it got a bit harder for John to keep his composure.
"What's with it?" Sherlock's head emerged from under the covers, curls tousled and cheeks painted with creases.
“John,” he said under his breath, more a whisper than voice. He stared at John in horror. He didn’t know if he was able to do that in his current state.
“Purple.” That seemed to be a lucky coincidence as it was rather a rush of puffed out air than an actual word Scott was saying. Scott could be glad that his shirt wasn’t lime green checkered with flowers, John thought with a grin.
Sherlock nodded silently and John knelt at his feet and pulled one of them forwards to rest on his thigh. Without another word, John carefully crumpled the unbelievably thin fabric in his hands to then gently push it over Sherlock's toes and tenderly slide it up the flawless and smooth skinned and endlessly long legs, until his hands came to a halt high on Sherlock's thigh. He flattened the seam and after one last stroke over the edge where flesh and fabric met he sat back and marveled at the masterpiece in front of him.
"Yes, you did. And it can't be undone." Sherlock said quietly and they both knew that they weren't only talking about Harry.
This was exactly it. This was how it used to be between them. This was what he had hoped for after the “Hello my friend, we meet again”-part. Careless, free - hadn’t that been the purpose of the whole damn jumping business? To eliminate all the danger, to live without fear again, to be free? This was what he wanted to feel like again, together with Sherlock, at Sherlock’s side, fly with him above all the others, invincible as team, as partners! The two of them against the rest of the world!
John stopped mid-motion at his sight. What the… What had gotten into his friend? Something like this had never happened before during the weeks of their living arrangement. Greg had always been more than careful and respectful of John's boundaries concerning privacy. And they were mates. Whereas Mycroft…
"So, all in all one could say, you healed me. Not only my limp." John nodded because… yes, that was the essence of it.
John waited a moment if there would be any more, but when nothing came he turned and more murmured than said out loud: “Well, at least you’re talking to me again.”
"Soooo… But seriously, what do you do in your real life then? You're not a full time sex line operator, right? Or are you?" John started to doubt. It was the second time they spoke over the hotline after all.
knows that song!” John exclaimed in disbelief. “At least from our generation,” he backpaddled, a bit more mellow, going back to his task on Sherlock’s sleeve. “But then you’re not everyone. Of course you wouldn’t know it.”
“Well then, go on and stimulate it the way you like best. I really don’t know why any of you would need help with that.” the man said a bit breathlessly.
Sherlock scrolled down to the inevitable lyrics. At first he didn’t even bother to listen to it, because the moment he read the first line he knew this was it. This was what he had been searching for, what John had meant… ‘do you by any chance know how to save a life’... not how to save lives then, but ‘How To Save a Live’...
After that, everything had happened in a bit of a blur. John informing Mycroft while jumping in a cab and rushing after Sherlock. He could hardly remember getting to the hospital, his mind fogged with fear and regret. Imagining the worst case scenario, he had felt a lump in his throat at the thought of never speaking to Sherlock again, never being able to tell him that he made his choice, that he would stay, that Mary was gone for good.
When he had already given up hope and had settled in his doomed spectator-from-the-sidelines-role, the last tendril Miss Pirate chose to stroll about was the one pointing in his direction. As if she had been aware of his location in the room all along she immediately locked eyes with him the moment she turned his way. His groupie-daydreams fulfilled, John’s breath got caught in his throat and his face heated up. He tried to reboot his brain because Miss Pirate was watching him with an intense stare he wasn’t quite able to interpret. Was she trying to communicate something? Was she giving him any hints?
“Oh, I think my “handling” was quite successful.” John smirked, pushed his nose against the mob of curls tickling his chin.
John was frozen in place, his mind struggling to catch up. Whut? Dumbstruck, he stared at the woman happily swaying to the music. When she realised that she was being watched she pulled off the headphones and looked at John; her expression shifted from cheerful to worried in a nanosecond.
Please send another picture, I would love to see him again. I can't wait to hold him. I can't wait to hold you.
Sherlock looked at the bed, watching John put the IV in, that couldn't be sanitary, he should have had a new needle. He walked over and picked up his phone, crawling up into the bed with John. He sent a quick message.
"Sherlock... what did you do?" he asked, looking back down at his tea and swaying slightly. He fought to keep his eyes open, gripping Sherlock's hand tighter. "No, no you can't leave me. You can't do this," he begged, realising immediately that Sherlock had been lying about Moriarty.
John narrowed his gaze. "You. You were in the house that we were sent to. And you killed my team, tried to kill me. And now this last trip..." Fire burned low in his gut, and the urge to kill the Alpha in front of him intensified.
Sherlock nodded, still holding onto John, weaving his fingers into his damp hair, which would be cut short again. "It's not fair...we've been through enough. Most of it my fault...and I'm sorry for that," he said, letting out a breath. "When you come back, we are stealing away to that cabin for the rest of our lives, and just leave everyone behind," he said. "It'll just be us and our babes, and no Fatcroft or government...no one," he said.
Sherlock brushed a little bit of hair from John's forehead, pressing his hand there. "Your fever's down," he murmured. "Never got that soup for you..." he said, sitting up a little. "I can make it..." he said, yawning again with a stretch.
Sherlock blinked once, confused for a moment. Why wouldn't they be able to identify him if he lost his tags, he could just tell- He closed his eyes, letting out a breath. He swallowed thickly, looking down at Hamish and rocking him. "I...I never once...entertained the notion that you would die there John. Not once," he said. "I was afraid but...I never thought about you dying in that place but you...getting those you must have thought..." he said. That was the first step in thinking about giving up, and John had taken it. What if he'd given up then? What would have happened in those caves?
John traced his fingers over Sherlock's chest, his hand coming to rest over his heart. "Please? I want to help if I can."
It was two days to the due date. Was being the operative word here. Sherlock woke up in the early morning with a sharp pain in his abdomen, feeling his stomach clench and contract. He let out a noise, gasping as he clutched his middle. It passed soon enough, leaving him gasping, his eyes turning to look at the pillow, John's pillow, that he'd been clutching. It wasn't supposed to be empty when this happened. He picked up his phone and rang the only person he could. "It...please, it's happening," he panted, sitting up and getting to his feet before it started hurting again. He walked into the living room, seeing his and Katherine's bags on the floor, ready for when it did happen. This early in the morning...Christ. Katherine would be staying with Harry, that was the plan, he just hoped Mindy would take care of that.
Sherlock looked down at the infant, still suckling, but not drinking now, asleep. He teased her mouth a little, getting her to release him and set her down in her swing gently, letting it rock her. He strode into the kitchen, taking the coffee from John.
Normally this part of the heat he was supposed to feel good, warm, but his stomach was in knots and he felt more feverish than normal because of the flu. He paced still, hand holding his side; he'd forgotten about the pills, good thing she hadn't.
"Patch!" Sherlock suddenly said, forgetting about it and striding into the living room, slapping two patches onto his arm. He sighed, scratching at his arm a little, his bruising going away now, though the scars remained.
John sighed, not wanting to get into this discussion. He rolled off the bed, stretching his arms above his head and walking over to put a shirt on, relieved when his scar was covered up. He knew he shouldn't be self-conscious about it – Sherlock didn't want him to be – but he couldn't help it. The reminder of the pain and the fact that he had almost lost Sherlock and what this bloody wound had cost the Omega was too much, and he didn't want to look at it if he didn't have to.
John set his hand on Sherlock's knee, squeezing it gently. "Relax, love. I wasn't planning on going anywhere." When the cabbie stopped, John asked him to wait, and then he got out and trotted into the pharmacy, slipping the prescription over to the man behind the counter. He paid, quickly taking the antibiotics and slipping them into his jacket pocket as he crossed the pavement and slid into the back of the cab again.
like I'm back. Part of me is still stuck in that desert." After a glance at his sister, he picked up the mugs and walked into the living room, retaking his seat beside Sherlock.
John smiled, wrapping his arm around Kat and holding her against himself. "Yeah, I think I made Daddy feel better. A little bit, at least," he said quietly, rubbing Kat's arm. "You know I love you, baby, right? And that I'm so proud of you."
Sherlock blinked slowly, then nodded. "Alright." he said quietly, swallowing as he stepped away from the window and out of John's arms, his own arms wrapping around himself slowly.
A moment later, Lestrade and his men barged in, his gaze moving from the dead man on the floor to Sherlock and John on the sofa.
Sherlock shook himself of the thought, making his way upstairs to the flat. He strode into their bedroom and froze. John was gone.
The man seemed to consider this, looking at the small bit of blood that had welled up in Sherlock’s palm, the cut having healed already. “Wh-what will it do?” he asked.
"I'm not leaving your side until you are passed out from exhaustion with our daughter in your arms," John said firmly, squeezing Sherlock's hand reassuringly. "They're getting a little shorter. That one was five minutes thirty," he murmured. Just a little longer than the first two contractions.
Sherlock smiled, nuzzling against John. "Good...so, fireworks? I know I should feel better by then." he said quietly. "So what do you want to do with our time?" he asked quietly. He swallowed, humming softly.
Sherlock shifted slightly in his sleep, as if something was disturbing him, but he settled again, holding tighter onto John's hand. He hummed, face pinching slightly, though John couldn't see it. He mumbled a little in his sleep, only an occasional word making sense. "...ss-spider... nnooo... Victor, no.... Mmm..." he whimpered, his hand in a vice-like grip on John's wrist now. "No... sstop... Jim... Katty.." the last word was a plea, his voice small, terrified.
"No wonder your back hurt so much, though," John said, looking up at Sherlock with a small smile. "She was nearly nine pounds when she was born." He leaned up to kiss Sherlock's nose. "You did well, love," he murmured, sinking back down and looking at the two of them.
Katherine thought a moment, then nodded. "But Daddy won't. Gonna take care of him and he won't get really sick, just a little bit." She said, as if she were sure of this. She slid off the swing, shoving her mittens back onto her hands since she'd taken them off to grip the chains of the swing. "Misha's gonna get cold, and Daddy's sick. Should be warm,” she said, waiving her Daddy over.
He took another step towards the bed, his eyes locked on the battered Omega in the bed, lips tightening slightly at the sight.
Katherine clumsily stabbed up more chicken, some of the sauce getting on her face as she ate, a bit of rice sticking to her chin. "Don’ have help me eat," she declared, smiling as she looked at her Papa.
"Papa Papa Papa!" she squealed, leaning away from Sherlock and reaching out for John. Sherlock sighed, handing her over.
John stood up almost immediately and stepped between the man and the bed where Sherlock was sleeping, his hackles raised.
John shook his head, kissing and nipping and licking over the mark on the back of Sherlock's neck. "No, I'm really not. But damned if I don't try for you," he said quietly, nuzzling against Sherlock's hair. He unwrapped one of his arms so that he could hold Sherlock's hand over his chest, feeling the rapid beating of his heart slowly melding to match his own. "I love you," he whispered, "so, so much."
John nodded, his eyes slipping shut as he let Sherlock's scent surround him entirely. "It was tough. They were both in a bad state for a few days. But I think they're trying for another. Greg really wants one, and Mycroft has a hard time saying no to him."
Fully awake now, John crossed over to the window and shut it himself, nuzzling against the crook of Sherlock's neck and breathing deeply.
John reached over and shut off the water before resuming gently petting Sherlock. "And you're going to catch a cold. I don't mind getting a little wet." He was watching a war wage across Sherlock's features, and he sighed quietly, reaching behind him for a towel and wrapping it around Sherlock's curled form. "Come on, let's go back to bed," he murmured, forcibly lifting Sherlock out of the tub and onto his feet.
John smiled to himself, resting his head on the armrest and watching Sherlock, enjoying the intimate connection the Omega appeared to have with the music.
"Yes and no," John supplied, rocking back on his heels as a cab pulled up. He opened the door for Sherlock and slid inside after, closing the door and leaning back as Sherlock rattled off an address to the cabbie. "Granted, it would be preferable if you weren't wearing any clothes but it's not entirely required."
Katherine hunkered down onto Sherlock's lap and he wrapped his arms around her as she avidly listened to John read, smiling. When it came to the end she sat up, saying the names of each reindeer as they came up. She smiled, taking the book in her arms. "Left out Rudolph," she pointed out. "Oh! Have go!" she said sliding off his lap and dashing down the hall to the bathroom, book clattering to the floor.
"That place... where I went in my head. I go there more than I would like. Especially more these days, I don't know why," he said quietly, making himself sound vulnerable, frayed around the edges. It wasn't that difficult to do so, really.
Sherlock whined as another contraction pushed through him. He looked at the injection, letting out a breath as he felt it take hold a little, a small bit of the pain going away. Sherlock's heart sped up though, the next contraction almost right on top of the last. He gasped, leaning his head back into the pillow. Maria was back in a yellow smock as well as one of her nurses.
John laughed low in his chest, taking his fingers away and rising up above Sherlock. He slid in with a quick, sharp thrust, watching the look of relief pass over Sherlock's features. Snapping his hips one more time, he picked up a relentless pace, knowing now that he didn't have to be gentle with the Omega.
"Gran says that it's Daddy's birthday in two days. What we getting him?" John smiled. "We'll think of something."
John moved without thinking, tearing out from behind the rock and running to where he could see Granger bleeding out on the ground. He dove down beside him, tying a quick tourniquet to the femoral wound and wrapping his arm around him. "Help me out," John murmured, lifting the dead weight of his comrade and starting to half-drag him towards a rock.
"God, I hope so," John whispered, pressing kisses to Sherlock's shoulder and up his neck. "Let's go to bed. I'm not going in tomorrow, since I don't need to take that test anymore."
"Here," John murmured, gently easing Sherlock off of his lap as he stood from the chair. He took Sherlock's hand, linking their fingers together as he led him from the room, back towards the front door. Just before reaching it, there was a hallway that branched off on their left, and he took Sherlock down it, through the door at the end of the hall. The room inside was small, only about half the size of their room, but it was for Kat, who was only three. And she had her own bathroom, which she would probably think of as a huge bonus.
John filled out the paperwork as quickly as possible, taking the card from Maria with a smile and tucking it into his pocket. He walked back over to Sherlock, pulling him up from the wheelchair with a cheeky smile at the doctor once the nurse had turned her back. "Mandatory my arse," he murmured, squeezing Sherlock's hand. "I'm pretty sure this is Mycroft's doing." He smiled up at Sherlock, leading him outside and onto the pavement.
It took two days before Sherlock snapped, throwing himself against the wall of the room, shouting at them, even begging for it. He couldn't think, pounding his fists against the door.
Sherlock got to Bart's no problem, saying hello to Molly as he dropped off the bag. His timing was perfect, as Molly had just fired up the incinerator. He reciprocated her small talk for a few minutes before he excused himself, leaving the hospital and walking down the road. He'd get sandwiches from that one cafe John took him too before he left. He remembered exactly what he had ordered as well, only this time he'd make sure John ate the whole thing.
Sherlock let out a breath, thinking. That would be best... and he could make arrangements even. He thought quickly, working it out in his head. That would work. "Bart's," he said. "View's nice this time of year," he murmured quietly.
He called one of his people. "Have it ready... he can't see..." he said quietly to his biker. He would stick John with something, another drug, when he was knocked over. John couldn't be at full faculty, otherwise he would see that Sherlock wasn't really dead.
Feeling Sherlock's presence behind him, John kissed her forehead and released her, glancing over his shoulder at Sherlock and taking his hand, trying to ignore the tears that were gathering in his eyes. "Harry, this is Sherlock. He helped me find you. He's..." John met Sherlock's gaze for a moment. "He's my partner." And he meant that in more than one way.
"Can't give infants under two months anything, even Tylenol," John said before Maria had to, letting her focus on what she had to do. She excused herself to go get everything she needed, and John turned to Sherlock, wrapping his arms around him. "She'll be alright," he said, pulling back to cup Sherlock's face.
Okay then, back to work, even though he had no fucking idea what he was looking for. And why. The realisation dawned pretty soon though. He hadn’t been aware that he had to gain respect as Miss Pirate’s pimp first. Apparently he had hit the spot. Although he didn’t really know what had made the difference? His possessive attitude? Did he say something? Was it snatching Miss Pirate out from the other man’s arms? Whatever the reason might have been, people were approaching him differently now, more seriously; assessing him, calculating.
John didn't know how to kill time and paced back and forth in the small space the boat had to offer. In the end he settled, again, on the roof terrace although it was still windy and much too cold. The chilly air seeped even through the blanket John had picked from the sofa, but he couldn't bring himself to go back inside, dreading the suffocating construction of low ceilings and the small room. It hadn't bothered him before, but he now felt caged in here, trapped. Probably because now he really had nowhere else to go. This wasn't a stopover any longer. This was the final destination. With the addition that even here he couldn't stay.
John huffed a small breath through his nose. Nodding once he said, “Right. Right, yes. Yes, of course you're right, Greg. I'm just being silly.” He raised his glass to blame the liquor.
Pride be damned, if John wouldn’t give in Sherlock would just storm into his room and rip that phone out of his hand. Maybe if he crashed it against the living room wall it would make a nice new pattern located between skull and smiley face. They were getting boring after all, now that he wasn’t allowed to shoot them any more!
"Hello honey," sounded Scott's voice, smooth and sensual, through the speaker. "What a pleasure to have you here with me..." he purred seductively.
At least he was in his own bed. Still dressed though, which probably meant he had passed out the moment he had set foot into his bedroom. Probably. He couldn’t know for sure because he didn’t remember anything beyond the umpteenth pint. What he
He wasn't sure who had let out the sigh, probably he himself, maybe both of them, but it was the expression of everything that clicked into place right this moment. His hand had found its way into John's hair, his fingers sliding through somewhat longer than usual strands. One of John's hands was cradling the back of Sherlock's head, the other loosely holding his nape.
Across the hall, half hidden in the shadows, back turned halfway towards John crouched Sherlock. In a reflex John flinched back behind his pillar. If John had thought that his heart was beating too fast before, it was now racing to the point that it skipped beats because it tumbled all over itself. His heart didn’t know what it was required to do anymore. Galloping? Stopping altogether? Jumping? Freezing? Burning? Exploding? Imploding? He felt the dull thumping through his whole body, the pulsing waves of hot yet icy blood filling every last inch, every last cell. It was too much. He didn't know what to feel, didn't feel anything anymore from feeling too much. If John wouldn't have known better he would think he had gone into cardiac arrest. It felt numb, like a vacuum, in his chest. His exhausted heart had shut down, denying any and all cooperation how to handle the mess that was his emotional state. John pressed his palms against his face. This couldn’t be real. It couldn’t be Sherlock. How could this be Sherlock? Was it just his imagination running wild? He hadn’t been able to see the person very clearly after all. Maybe it was just wishful thinking. With Sherlock always on his mind the last few weeks, maybe his brains just connected any remote resemblance to the man? It wouldn’t be the first time that John was seeing him in places where it was impossible for him to be. Hallucinating him really. In times of despair. Of absence. Of Sherlock’s absence. Indefinite absence.
“Yeah, guess that’s true.” John tilted his head. “It really can be hurtful to speak up. For yourself. And the other.” he nodded, contemplating. “But actually, they also say that it’s even more damaging to keep them inside, right? It’s true that the shadows sometimes win, no?”
He couldn't say anything, otherwise that would have been what would have escaped his mouth. He pressed his front teeth hard into his bottom lip until it hurt, to keep himself from speaking. Apparently John didn't mind his silence. At least it didn't keep him from carrying on.
sounded far more familiar than it had any right to. John buried his face in the palm of his hand and groaned.
His arms started clutching around himself, holding himself, holding himself together, securing himself from breaking. His face contorted in pain, as if already broken, he couldn’t even stop it in time.
"Yes, I know! I know. That's not what I wanted to say." he turned his hand around so that he was free to run his fingers over Sherlock's skin. "All this time though, I tried to tell you a lot of things. That I'd want us to be closer again, that I'd give you space, that I'd have your back, that I won't leave, that I'd fight for you… for us, that I love you…," he intently looked into Sherlock's eyes saying that; he had the suspicion that the message still wasn't fully received. "But I never thought that this is what you needed to hear. It has always been obvious to me. You saved me Sherlock. Many times and in many ways!"
He ought to be packing right now. He ought to be preparing. At least, he ought to attend some boring meeting for a briefing he didn't care about. Because tomorrow was the day! And they couldn't afford to lose time. Now more than ever!
John only snapped back to his senses and realised he had stopped in his tracks in the middle of the path, ogling yoga-guy, when someone bumped into him.
And more so, any less of a show would have made it less believable; as contradictory as that sounded. Sherlock had to see the ease, to understand the serenity with which John was conveying the message. It wouldn't serve the purpose if he'd try another serious attempt to explain, to convince, to permeate the intricate windings of that silly old brain. They'd never get rid of the graveness that lay heavy on this fragile beginning like a thick layer of snow over the first frail sprouts at the end of winter. That wasn't like them. They'd never been icy; that was more the speciality of other parts of the Holmes' family. They were more like the chaotic weather in April; back and forth between sunshine and rain and hail and storm and warmth. As unpredictable as it was, as nurturing it was also.
Sherlock settled on the lawn, leaned against a tree and closed the eyes to send some air into his lungs and then out again into the world for the wind to drag it away. After several minutes he opened his eyes again and looked up at the sky. Some ragged dark clouds shifting over the sparkled surface, just fraily holding back the moon in it’s attempt to penetrate the gloom of the night. He realised that he sporadically recognised constellations of some stars. He winced at himself, but couldn’t stop staring. The longer he watched them, the more he found. He wondered how the night sky would look like at the new place. Would he even recognise any star there? Would he see the same sky as people in Britain? Or France that is, of course. And actually also any other country in Europe.
“I’m even less capable of grasping it, let alone name it. I was afraid then, can you even imagine how I’m feeling now?” He forced out.
all of it had been John after all. And he had stayed. With Sherlock. What a wasted opportunity. He slid the hand from his belly lower and groaned when he finally pressed it against his groin. Stupid.
The moment Miss Pirate started rolling her hips in slow circles, John had a weird out of body experience. He empathised with all the men in front of the stage, drooling over the gorgeous but unreachable Miss Pirate; he could recall the feeling watching her like it had been yesterday—the thrill, the sizzling tension, the heat that had taken hold of his entire body and mind as if having been struck by lightning. At the same time he revelled in the feeling to be the one who knew what lay underneath all that lace and velvet and leather, the one who knew what her face looked like in this exact moment even though he was doomed to watch nothing but her back right now, the one who knew how grouchy that pretty mouth could get, the one who knew the tousled look of those perfectly groomed curls in the morning. And to be the one who knew how Miss Pirate’s skin felt against his own.
Oh great. He had started to sound like Sherlock already! Not that he would mind actually, that was probably just what you get when you spend every day of your bloody life with such a madman and when you finally accept that you devoted your whole life to said madman completely…
Now a new day is dawning and it also slowly dawns on John that something is wrong. If only he'd know what it is. Let's see if he finds out...
He hadn't realised how much time had passed when suddenly the telephone rang and made him jump. The landline. For Mrs Hudson then. Indeed, he heard his landlady pick up the phone, say a few enthusiastic words only to hang up again. Immediately after, the phone rang again but Mrs Hudson didn't seem to care. It kept ringing, the caller either very patient or determined. The only logical deduction was—this call was for Sherlock. And there was no doubt about who the caller was.
I want to send a lot of extra-love to my two betas and dear friends who hold my hand, nudge me in the right direction and, if needed, give me a kick up my arse in moments of loveis-typical confusion and panic! You two are the best and please know that wouldn't be able do this without you! I love you 3000!!!
“Stop. Lean over. Brace yourself on the sink.” he demanded, not caring anymore that his voice was rough and dark.
“Well…” Mycroft also cleared his throat, took a sip of tea before continuing. “I assumed you might appreciate knowing that my brother returned to Baker Street.” He fixed John with his eyes, examining him. He seemed to monitor John’s reaction, every expression. John tried not to let the storm of emotions show on his face, but suspected that he failed miserably.
As if she had only eyes for him she made her way through the audience, ignoring all the thirsty gazes of the drooling men aching for her.
, you… arse,” John laughed, “speaking of… turn over!” He tapped Sherlock’s thigh, moving to the side to give him room to move.
“Sherlock, I don’t mind.” he now said, insistently. “It’s fine. It’s all fine. This was just an idea. We can leave if you want. I won’t force you. I just thought…” a shimmer of insecurity flickered in his eyes, he shuffled his feet. “I thought this might work. That it maybe is a way to… nevermind.” He sighed and looked down at his feet, never let go of Sherlock’s hand. Only a heartbeat later he looked up again, boring his gaze into Sherlock’s eyes. “It’s okay you know. We can go in there or not
Just that moment Sherlock had opened the last reachable button above John's waistband; nothing else yet. No unnecessary touch, no kiss, no look that lasted longer than needed. And for some reason that was more caring than any physical attempt to comfort him could have been. As meticulous and mindful as he otherwise only treated his specimens or crucial evidence on a crime scene Sherlock gently plucked at the fabric of John's shirt in the narrow space between them to pull it out of the waistband of his denims.
"No… Actually… Yes, my feet are freezing, they always are, but… In the evenings, when the fire dies down and we're both too lazy to relight it, that's… the moment you go to bed. Because you're cold…"
Thinking about it he got curious. Why had Sherlock deliberately chosen this song? Or had it been random? What would be a reason to put it on repeat then? Plus it was about falling! That couldn’t be a coincidence, could it? And surely not after witnessing John’s own fall-feeling-throwback! John still couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that Sherlock even knew this kind of music. He couldn’t wrap his mind around anything that had happened today.
“Oh no, don’t tell me you’re wearing a ratty vest and sweatpants. Please!” John groaned, pulling a face. Dear God, please, not the overweight elderly after all…
It was not? What was it about then? Lives were mainly saved by doctors, right? Who else would save lives?
Sherlock noticed a reoccuring blogger, who apparently answered questions of any kind. Not all of the asking persons seemed to be equally experts in whatever content they were sharing. Sherlock gnawed his lower lip for a while before making a decision. For obvious reasons he couldn’t use John’s account so he created one for himself, took a deep breath and clicked on the ask-section of “
On a whim he decided to take a detour over Russell Square. It felt fitting today. It’s where everything had started. It’s where destiny had taken its course and where John’s life had been turned inside out, upside down. It’s where his life had started to make sense even if it hadn’t made sense ever since. For a short moment he sat on the bench
In the beginning he was still allowed out on cases, as this was considered vital to society. There was a shift to be seen within the homicide division though. A lot more domestic violence and murders, which Sherlock categorised as unworthy of his time - as if he was that occupied these days, John thought. In counterbalance there were much less - from Sherlock's point of view at least - interesting cases. John was glad though, that it kept him at least a bit busy and distracted and got him out of the house and out of John's hair - quite literally. With the increasing numbers of insecure patients, work got crazy at the GP practice. John had to take over shifts more frequently, plus those shifts got longer and more exhausting. That's why he wasn't always able to accompany Sherlock in The Work. Actually though, this wasn't unwelcome in times when they almost spent every waking - and not waking for that matter - hour together. It was good to have at least some moments to himself.
With a smug expression that was illegal in at least 190 countries, John was certain, the man slowly sauntered towards John.
The treatment resulted in cosy cuddles and quiet intimate talking while a cloth drenched with warm water rested between Sherlock’s arse cheeks to soak and soften the wax strip. Occasionally, John checked on the result, renewed the water, probed at the wax still stuck to Sherlock’s not yet trimmed hair, tried to remove the strip until Sherlock hissed in pain. Then he returned to holding the mad genius in his arms and listening to his lecture about the sublimity of ancient beauty products over our meagre modern attempts to imitate them while he let his own thoughts roam. He felt his heart fill and overflow with the love he felt for his brilliant but stupid man.
Sherlock even thought to hear a trace of affection in his brother’s voice. He raised his gaze to look at his brothers face.
Afterwards Sherlock wasn’t aware of anything, letting the music simply wash over him. One of the rare moments he dreaded - his mind in a state of anarchy, doing unbearably much and absolutely nothing at the same time, overload and shutdown. This had only happened on very few occasions and Sherlock still remembered every single one of them. A pool, a roof and a wedding  among them. Shooting up the maybe not just seven-percent-solution was the least painful part of it. Mycroft was still convinced that it had been an accidental overdose. Well, let the man have his illusions. However, hadn’t that been the main reason he had used - turning the uselessness of his brain into silence? This emptiness though wasn’t what he had been looking for in using, but it was nevertheless welcome right now.
