“I’m asking you to order a drink,” William responds matter-of-factly. “Where you choose to go with said drink is of no interest to me.”
He checks his phone. It's three in the morning, and he’s got a text from an unfamiliar number. He places it face down onto the bed, because he already knows what it’s going to say. And he needs just a few more seconds to live in a world where that message doesn’t exist.
"Homicide is unlikely.” Sherlock proceeds firmly with his observation, because he is devoted to the science of deduction, and also devoted to ignoring Molly. “No defensive lesions or other bodily trauma. Suicide is likely not the case either; no indication of self-injury or self-neglect..."
"I dabble."
But they're nothing compared to the agony of sharing a bed with John and
"Yeah. I'm alright." He's slightly in a haze as he stares at the open book on the floor. "I think I may have learned something about William."
“Eighteen dollars, please.”
I’m a far better human simply by knowing him
John nudges him in the ribcage. Molly giggles.
He can feel Sherlock’s gaze lift to him. “...What?”
Sherlock’s eyes fall back to his phone.
"You're thinking of a betta fish."
His head is spinning. He feels like he’s falling through the mattress. His entire body is jelly, and—
But with a relative lack of homicidal intentions, he’s sure marriage could be quite nice. Two people together—living together, waking up in the morning and doing nothing together until they go back to bed and do it all again. And when they aren't doing nothing, they're probably doing things that are fun, also together, because they enjoy one another's company. They do things that aren't particularly fun together, too—such as shopping and cooking and hosting the occasional guest. Two people—with an unwavering attachment and commitment to each other, who drive each other crazy with an approximate ratio of 11% irritation and 89% adoration (give or take, depending on the alignment of the space globes, or whatever drivel people pay attention to). Two people who, above everything else, are fiercely loyal and protective of one another—and who couldn't imagine life any other way. Not in the present, nor the future—both near and distant.
“Lestrade.” John speaks up as the name provokes a sudden familiarity—from the news article he read, and from Sherlock’s letter. “Sergeant Lestrade. You’re the New Scotland Yard officer who reported Sherlock dead.”
Sated by their release, they collapse into their carseats. They elect to put on their clothes, and Sherlock rests his head in John’s lap; John kisses his temple and whispers sweet words of affection. They weave their fingers together, their eyelids growing heavy, and they sleep for the remainder of the drive.
After a fourth time, he tucks the card beneath the vase of the succulent. Slumps down into his bed. Admires its beauty for a fair amount of time. Sprawls out, buries his face into his pillow, and screams.
"The medics! In the ambulance! To the hospital!"
John thinks. Nothing out of the ordinary. One of them always seems to be saving the other. Still, his face grows oddly warm at the thought of Sherlock waiting there next to him, day and night, like a stone. His heart begins to thump irregularly, and he curses the heart monitor for making it apparent.
“Yes. I assure you. None of it is real.” Sherlock reaches his right hand to his ring finger and tugs the ring off. “So you’ve got nothing to worry about. Now will you please just shut up about it?” With that, he drops the ring into the pocket of his trousers.
"Oh. Yeah."
with John. It puts his life at a much, much higher risk.”
"No clue." Anderson stuffs his phone into his pocket. "She's so unpredictable, you know? One moment she's got her hands all over me." He gestures towards the two of them. "Like you two. And the next, she's sending me passive aggressive texts."
“We’re your friends, John,” Sarah adds. “We’re happy to help you. I think you’d do the same for us.”
"Alright." Sherlock closes his eyes. He tries to think of an object. Any object. Something that
"Bollocks."
The universe proves otherwise, however. He catches Sarah from the corner of his eye as she and her date leave the bar. Her arms are wrapped around his waist; she’s wrapped protectively in his coat.
The barista’s got his back to John, but he’s almost completely certain...he turns to deliver the drink he’s just made—and it’s not
And so begins the uncomplicated, unspoken agreement between John and William the Bartender.
Their friendship continues just as easily as ever—full of mutual admiration, laughter, and late nights at the laboratory. They never speak of the kiss again.
“It’s really none of your concern,” John responds.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Holy cheekbones," Elizabeth remarks. "What a stunner. Don’t think he’s into women, but if he was, I’d crawl beneath that bar so fast—“
Upon seeing the gorgeous dark red succulent, a flood of nostalgia takes him. “My grandmother had one,” he says. “I’ve always been fond of them.”
John grips firmly to Sherlock's hips to guide his body forwards and backwards; Sherlock quickly settles in to the motion, and they work in unison to slide their lengths together.
Another pained groan from Sherlock. “That’s him. Absolutely. It’s one of the gimmicks he uses to lure people in; the supremely corrupt police department in Vegas are so indebted to him that they allow it.”
He touches himself, and he kisses John, and the two men make love until they've exhausted all of their energy. They take a few moments to slide their tongues together, and they continue to make love again. Sherlock's leg muscles grow tired; his abdominal muscles cramp, but he doesn’t care. It’s easy to ignore these things when the air is full of gasps and bitten off words and whatever this feeling is.
Sherlock realises he's collapsed onto the bed besides John. He opens his eyes and squints--though for some reason, John appears quite blurry. "Yes," he responds. Why wouldn't I be?"
John exhales a breath of laughter. "It is."
Their kiss is tender and lingering. Sherlock's hands slowly wander to John's back and beneath his shirt, untucking it from his trousers. He clings to John's bare skin, clings to John's taste, clings to the sensation of their hands on one another. And John clings to him, kisses his neck, slides his hands into his hair and over his scalp.
"You're touching me," Sherlock observes.
Finally, with the letter still open, he begins to nod off. He stirs, gathering only enough energy to fold it and return it to the bedside table.
“John.” Sherlock brings his long, graceful fingers to the side of John's face, tilting him upwards to meet his eyes. The candidness in his expression is almost astonishing.
Oh, shit. He's crying.
"Yeah." John looks up at him with a smile. "It's nice to see you," he adds.
John supposes it must be true, in some capacity—Molly does, in fact, know William far better than he does. All John knows about him is the smoothness of his bare skin. And the way the scent of his aftershave mixes with the scent of their sweaty bodies. And the desperate little noises he makes when he comes up for air between kisses.
is. Sitting together on the sofa in their flat, their conversation flowing as easily as wine from the bottle. Time passes, and they laugh about this and that and this, and Sherlock asks himself why they've never done this before.
But there is one constant; one unwavering truth: in each one, their lives are shared. Sometimes it's for a great deal of time, sometimes not. But they always, always, always find each other.
It’s a simple, innocuous act between two lovers, and it's likely happened dozens of times, but it digs hard into John.
"Yes?"
"Yeah." Gabriela touches his shoulder lightly. "We'll wait here. Go on ahead. If you need us, just call."
”Yes, please quickly arrive at the point.”
John skims his thumb over the metal band as if it will keep his heart from sinking. But he can practically feel his muscles contract as his smile fades.
“Mrs. Hudson. Have you got any idea what Sylvia is referring to?” Donovan asks.
"I went into the army instead."
Can’t he hold on to this? Hold on to Sherlock? Hold on to the fantasy?
married when fake marriage is so fantastic.
"The sounds you're making."
has gotten into you, but this thing that you’re ...suggesting...it isn’t the solution. So you’re just going to have to think of something else."
"Must I?"
“Mmm. I would also love that.”
The tall man purses his lips, narrowing his eyes into a dull, grave expression. “In that case,” he says. “I hope you will heed my warning, Mister Watson.”
John’s cheeks turn hot and red, and he’s grateful for the lack of electricity in the age of—whatever age they're currently in.
John rips the fabric of Sherlock’s shirt, and he thinks he’s screaming at him—
"Did you solve the case?" John asks.
"What?" John squints up at him through sleepy confusion. "Are you...ordering gelato for us or something?"
"Thanks for the tip." John peers up at him defiantly. Obviously, he would do it a thousand times over if it meant saving Sherlock's life.
Sherlock’s words are dizzying, but as he stammers and shifts in his seat, John can't help but admire another side of Sherlock he rarely sees—timid. It's rather adorable.
“Yes.” Sherlock yawns. “Of course.”
“John, answer the question!” Sherlock whines.
"They will
His loyalty
Sherlock closes his eyes and sighs contentedly. "Untie me, Moriarty," he says.
That’s not completely true. He’d risk his own.
What does it even mean—to make love? Sex and love, love and sex: one or the other, or both. Or for some people—Sherlock among them—neither.
With low rumbles of pleasure, he begs Sherlock to keep fucking him. Sherlock holds onto him and tilts him back so that his body is supported by the pillow. John very nearly goes limp in his arms, but he's still begging Sherlock not to stop.
fault that Sherlock has apparently fallen in love with him. And in saving Sherlock’s life time and time again, he has placed a value on it that wasn't there before. A value that Sherlock never expected to have. And Sherlock doesn't know what this means, except that he's got to be very careful about the choices he makes. He was wary about the potential damage of sentimental attachments before—and none of them were John, his John. So now he must be vigilant.
He tries to drown it out by closing his eyes and envisioning himself and Sherlock living out the same fantasy. Sherlock, rubbing his hard, wet cock against John’s, sliding up John’s sweaty, slick body until he’s straddling his face. Sherlock, fucking John’s mouth, forcing him to bring him to orgasm as John is tied to the bed, whimpering for more.
“Yeah?” Their lips are so close that they are practically brushing together.
“Absolutely.” Sherlock takes his hand and kisses the tips of his fingers. “Oh, and by the way, I’ve just solved the Clarendon murder case.”
John's eyes grow wide as he begins to understand what Sherlock is saying.
John sleeps soundly through the night.
"Mm." John rolls to his side and rests his head on his forearm, directing his attention to the exquisitely beautiful man next to him. "Always wanted to travel to Tanzania. Go on a safari in the Serengeti. Climb Mount Kilimanjaro."
"So that's why he left?" Sarah takes a sip. "And that's why he ended things with you?"
Sherlock rolls his eyes and waves a hand dismissively. "You live a life of danger! You solve crimes with a madman! It's not inconceivable that you would go mad yourself."
When all is said and done, it won’t matter; half of a soul cannot survive alone. When one dies, the other eventually wilts. When one is set ablaze, the other quickly burns. This is how love operates.
John's voice rumbles with laughter as he kneads his fingers into Sherlock’s shoulder blades. "Good."
John's kissing Sherlock because Sherlock asked him to, and he can't say no to the taste of his honey-sweet lips. John's kissing him as if he's waited to kiss him forever, and forever felt far more likely, but he's grateful that forever has turned into now.
"Happy New Year," he says cheerfully. "...and many blessings to come for the beautiful couple." He winks at John so blatantly that John almost
The two women kiss for a long time, and John simply enjoys watching from his place on the chair.
John takes some Dramamine, puts his earbuds in, and falls asleep.
Sherlock knows he must go.
John grumbles and sniffs as he falls back onto his pillow, tugging at his hair with frustration. "Why is this happening? You and I have never run out of things to talk about before. It’s as though we spent so much time kissing that we've forgotten how to use our mouths for anything else."
It’s been seven hours and twenty-six minutes since Sherlock confessed his love, and John has expressed his appreciation by spending thirty-one percent of those minutes practicing his kissing techniques. Though Sherlock is positive he’s mastered this skill, he has decided not to share this information, as he thoroughly enjoys being John’s subject.
"You don't need to! The judgmental manner in which you arch your eyebrow and unhinge your jaw speaks volumes!"
“Sherlock! I don’t need you to mansplain Farmer Beck’s cause of death, dummy! I figured it out hours ago. You do know that’s my actual job, right?”
“Sherlock!"
“Sublime," William utters, and their lips slot back together.
As he begins to speak, John feels the gravity of Sherlock pulling him closer, and he doesn’t try fighting it. “Kissing is like… it’s like when you’re drowning, and the other person is your air. Kissing is like solving a puzzle after searching centuries for the final piece. Kissing is like a bridge of energy shared between two people, where time stops and all you can feel is the beating of the other person’s heart.”
"It doesn't hurt?" he asks.
But he doesn’t get far at all. Molly pops out from the entryway, grabs both men by the arm, and pulls them indoors. “William!” she yells. “What the hell are you doing? Get in here and shut the bloody door!” She pushes them both into the lobby, slams the door behind her, and begins dusting the snow off her bare hands. She looks over at John, and then quietly to William.
"I'll just slide my arms beneath your shoulders,” he says to John. “And after that, I’ll pull you on to the bed so you're sitting upright. You think you can take it from there?”
There’s an old saying that in the final moments before our deaths, our lives flash before our eyes. John’s not sure if he believes that.
Sherlock can’t hold down a smile when he sees John, but he forces the smile away just as quickly.
"Keep your eyes on me, love," he says.
to tell Sarah about her.”
William stands next to him and says nothing. John also says nothing. But his brain has quite a lot to say. And it mostly wants to go on about the naughty things he and the idiot next to him could be doing. He suddenly notes how warm the room is. He’s sweating. He’s
John lifts his hand to cup the side of Sherlock's face—and then, he gives his answer.
He doesn’t hang heavy over your head like a storm cloud, seeping joy from your life. He doesn’t appear in your nightmares, or in your waking hours—when a flash of dark hair and a grey suit sends you into an irreversible panic.
John tilts his head, holding his gaze. “Yes.” A single word, unwavering, yet every bit as sweet.
Yes, there's definitely something in the space between them tonight. Something hypnotic. Something Sherlock can't quite name. But although these abnormalities definitely drove him mad just hours before—he thinks he may actually have come to crave them. At the very least, he's got no interest in fighting it.
"We might."
"Yes," Sherlock agrees. "That would be even better." So he pulls himself from the floor, lightheaded and blissed out, and sinks down next to John.
Without any warning, he lunges his lower body backwards, knocking John away. Before John can react, Moriarty whirls around, wrapping the fingers of one hand tightly around John’s wrist, and the other around the gun. He jerks the weapon from John’s grip and turns it towards himself, pressing it into his own ribs.
He’s suddenly struggling to breathe, and he doesn't want to look—but the words blur together, directly above Brook's head:
“That’s what
He didn’t even take Sherlock’s pulse. Sherlock was lying there on the ground, and Mary had a gun, and John was so completely overcome with panic and grief and confusion that he didn’t take Sherlock’s pulse.
Sherlock crinkles his forehead with distaste. "Who knows where that bottle came from? Or who else has touched it?"
“Alright. Fine." Object of his affection or not, it's always been very difficult to say no to Sherlock. “But what’s in it for me?"
They lie there for a time, in comfortable, intimate silence—nothing like the awkwardness they experienced before.
The days go by, and beyond their bedroom walls, there is no fluttering of lashes or tracing of lifelines. Beyond the walls, they simply readjust to life at Baker Street: early morning coffee. Afternoon television. Arguments about refrigerated body parts and whose turn it is to buy the milk.
And perform they do. A cadenza near the open door for all who might glance in their direction. A lengthy encore for any medical staff who comes in, and a
Sherlock bends down further and hooks his arms beneath John's, engaging his muscles and pulling John's upper body into his.
"I presume you're referring to your bitterness at the notion of sharing me with others," Sherlock says reasonably.
“Who?” John reaches for William’s sheet and attempts to cover their bodies. He glances around the room they're in. The walls are bright white and mostly barren, other than a few framed portraits of people who appear to be royals. “Where are we?” he asks.
"Pardon?
Thirty minutes. It won’t be enough time, but John supposes no amount of time ever could be. But there will be more time for them in the future. Somehow, he knows this.
“Credit card, of course,” John replies. “Which...oh, right. Has my name on it.”
“It will be good to have you home," Sherlock says, quickly changing the topic. “Baker Street has missed you.”
Sherlock’s mouth drops open as he searches for words, but nothing comes out.
Sherlock’s eyes fall closed as he releases a rattling sigh. It's wonderful. He feels tingly and happy.
John’s breath forms a thick layer of frost over the bar window. He becomes keenly aware of how much his teeth are chattering and his body is shivering. He figuratively kicks himself for coming out here. What an idiot he’s been. Every moment spent—no, wasted—thinking about William has been pointless. William isn’t thinking about him. He’s happy. He’s continuing life as normal, the way John should have done in the first place.
John tries to imagine what it must be like to watch someone you care for descend into madness, and to lose them again once they’ve become a monster. But Sherlock turns and smiles at him with a love brighter than the sunrise, and he’s reminded that they both have everything they need.
Sherlock’s eyes fall closed, and he inhales with what John can only guess is annoyance and an effort not to drop the bowels. “And why, John, would I do that?”
“There needn’t be any further discussion, nor negotiation,” Sherlock insists. “This war is mine, and I refuse to let John fight it.
Even after they’ve made it to the bed, John clings to him—and they kiss some more, and then some more. They kiss until John is too fatigued to sit up any longer, and when that happens, Sherlock lays John's body back, and his head onto the pillow, and he ensures he’s got plenty of blankets.
not, Miss Adler."
Sherlock groans with frustration. Mrs. Hudson gets bored and heads off to the kitchen.
“And what about Harvard?” Sherlock asks. “John is in medical school there. What will happen if he doesn’t return?”
“It’s mutual.” Though not ideal, either, John supposes. But as they pull up to the kerb next to 221 Baker Street, he feels a rush of happiness to be there, and he supposes it might not be all bad.
"And then you pull out an expensive bottle of wine and buy me dinner?"
"And you...playing with my hair. Since one of your hands was always in a cast, we were never able to practice those two things…simultaneously."
She looks up at him through her dark, heavy lashes. "I want you to fuck me, John."
"Every time!" John moans. "You just sit there and provoke him, every single time!"
"John," Sherlock turns back towards him. "The thing of it is: they've always known. From the very beginning, everyone else saw what we didn't see."
idea," Sherlock interjects, taking a step in front of his boyfriend, because
Sherlock believes that they're ready for some intermediate to advanced techniques.
Oh, it's sensational.
Friends, to sunset. To lovers, to sunrise, to friends again.
close."
John chuckles and tilts his head in thought. "Something that can't be replaced, I suppose. Something sentimental. Before she passed, my grandmother gave me a book of Chopin piano etudes she used to teach her students. I promised I'd practice them, but I haven't yet. So I would probably save that."
John continues to kiss Sherlock soundly, not stopping for a single breath as he carries them to their bedroom. It’s all the answer he needs.
“William,” John says steadily. “Look at me. Whatever you need to say, it’s okay. Just say it. But I need you to be completely clear with me, alright?”
Damn, John thinks to himself. All these orgasms. Being a lesbian must be fun.
"How do you reckon?"
Sarah takes his other hand, and John happily follows as the two women lead him out of Sarah’s crowded apartment.
Sherlock releases his firm grip on John's hair (when did that happen?) and moves clumsily towards his own waist. He touches himself, just like John wants him to. Just as he has many times before. But this time, John is in him and beneath him and around him, and there are words of love between them, and nothing on earth has ever felt like this. The throbbing sensation tugging at his waist, the unrelenting goosebumps forming on his skin. The feeling that his heart is going to come flying out of his mouth and launch itself into the sky.
William silently walks to the piano at the corner of the room. He sits down at the bench and begins to play. John watches the melancholy music pour from his graceful hands into the instrument, and back out again, echoing through the tiny room. Even before the first stanza is over, John is nearly moved to tears. William is nothing short of a marvel as he caresses the ivory keys, his body swaying to the music, errant curls falling over his half-closed eyelids.
“He’s done nothing,” Sherlock says. “Please, do not hurt him. Take my life instead.”
He can’t seem to stop.
Gabriela wastes no time, wrapping her lips around one nipple while rubbing the other with her fingers. She slides her tongue wetly over Sarah’s chest, back and forth between her two nipples, and John’s strokes become steadier.
William turns his head and exhales. “However long it takes me to finish this cigarette.”
“Oh! Good morning, Doctor Watson!" the woman says cheerfully as she walks over. “Good to see you awake. I'm Gemma, the nurse on duty."
“You’re very calm for a man who is about to die."
“Yes, that one.”
And by the grace of God, whatever God is—he does.
Real life is stupid. Love is stupid. John is stupid.
Until he walks into The Strand the night of Stamford’s birthday—and sees William, bent over the bar, wearing a white cotton shirt and dark jeans that perfectly display the curves of his beautiful arse.
"Alright. That's good information to have for the next time we're... in Italy… ‘night, then."
William's presence in the room is overwhelming. Though he may not be there physically, it's somehow undeniable.
Dear Commissioner. Have you figured it out yet? I’ve had plenty of fun with this, but murders are getting to be boring. Maybe I’ll chop off some poor sod’s toes and send them to the police, just for shits and giggles. Or maybe I’ll just steal the Crown Jewels. Either way, I’ll keep my knives sharp. Good luck! Yours truly, Moriarty.
John takes another small step towards him. "I won't."
"Tobacco pipe."
“I suppose I won’t be getting kissed after all,” Sherlock says, his eyes searching John’s face.
He definitely wasn’t expecting William to meet him at the entrance. He wasn’t expecting to be dragged indoors by the drenched lapels of his coat; or for William to kiss him as though he’s been longing to kiss him for a hundred years. He wasn’t expecting him to taste of vodka and tears and cigarettes, and he wasn’t expecting the soft, sweet whimpers of affection.
John tilts his head, holding his gaze. “Yes.” A single word, unwavering, yet every bit as sweet.
"Would you like to know my thoughts on the matter?" he asks.
"And I could maybe...tell you that your skin and hair look very soft, and that you smell very nice."
. I said
John stands at the foot of the bed, and as he watches Sherlock, the fierce military man instantly melts away. Warmth and happiness bubble up in Sherlock’s chest. John looks different now, he thinks. His hair is mussed, his cheeks are flushed, and his eyes are lakes of royal blue. He looks gorgeous. He looks loved.
The two women turn their heads towards John in a confused haze, but when they see the panicked look on his face, they immediately snap out of it.
But the way John's body moves into his—so certain and purposeful and firm, so tender that it aches—is this what making love is? This perfect, intimate moment that he and John have created? If so, he’s sorely misjudged it.
of it. Really, there is a lot to take in. Because John’s got an enormous—
“Yes.” He sets his head back onto John’s chest. “And I will even continue admiring your cooking and your choice of jumpers, and text you back within a reasonable period of time.”
“I need you to listen to me carefully.” Sherlock’s voice is crushed with raw terror. “Do exactly as I say—don’t ask questions.”
The man sets a piece of paper onto the table and pushes it across.
"Because that's her name!" God, he needs more wine. “But my point is—“
Sherlock isn't deterred; he only pats the back of John’s empty wheelchair next to him. "Hop to it, Watson."
“Since day one.”
Sarah slides her nails over Gabriela's scalp, and she tugs lightly, signaling for her to stand. Sarah pulls her in, their naked breasts and bellies sliding together as they continue to dance to the music.
John holds his hand out to Lestrade. “Thank you again...for everything.”
Molly’s mouth hangs open as she slowly pulls her scalpel from the corpse and sets it onto the tray. “Hold on. Let’s back up. John told you he’s in love with you?”
“Good.” Still. Doing. It.
When the kiss is finally broken, Sherlock doesn't release his grip on John, but he releases a heady sigh.
Everything feels unfamiliar, actually. Sherlock’s hand lays between the two of them, and it feels so unnatural for John not to take it. Before, it would have been completely unnatural to do so. Here they are, stuck somewhere in the middle.
“When a person dies, I help bring peace to their loved ones.”
But first, as Lestrade promised, the four of them settle in to briefly discuss "urgent" matters.
Despite my lack of knowledge, this particular verse was familiar to me.
Sherlock scoffs. “Nobody forced me. I've chosen."
"Want me to take a look?"
John thinks about kissing the next day at the clinic, and he thinks about kissing the day after that.
“So is cocaine,” Sherlock retorts. “Shall I call my dealer?”
"I will never tire of the way you react to that," he teases.
"Those look sharp," John warns, letting go of Sherlock and swiping an array of weapons onto the ground. "Wow. They're also kind of heavy. Actually,
Molly sighs. “I realise that we didn’t plan for John to show up, and that it complicates things. But—he’s already here, which puts him at the same level of danger as the rest of us.”
John gives in to the upwards tug of his lips; but he instantly decides he doesn’t need to hide it, so he holds his head high as he follows them to the car. Lestrade opens the door for them, and they get in. John takes a seat behind Mycroft. Clearing his throat, he leans forwards to speak to him:
"Good idea." Sherlock subtly tilts his head until the rogue curl in question falls forwards. "However, I think we ought to practice first."
"You've been to Texas?"
“If it is true, Moriarty, that love is both madness and death—let’s not wait for the morning sun. Let me go, so that I may do what needs to be done. And in doing so, not only will you have won, you will have been proven right.”
Stifled moans become caught in his throat as Sherlock takes him deeper, swirling his tongue and bathing his cock in saliva. John begins to feel a familiar tightening in his abdomen, and he digs his fingernails lightly into Sherlock’s shoulders to give him the hint.
“Yeah?” She yawns, stretching her arms over her head sleepily. “Go to Youtube and search for videos of cute, fluffy animals. That’s what I do when I need to forget about something awful.”
“Oh! Let me see!” Sarah leans forwards to look. “I know her! She’s that bartender at the Strand—” she slumps back into her seat as the realisation hits. “—oh.”
Oh, how deeply he's lost himself to sentiment.
“As he requested, I brought Elizabeth over and we sat with you. The evening was magnificent, as you remember. Of course, I later learned what was happening; he was simply trying to keep his distance from you. Obviously, he didn’t think it through enough—he went insane with jealousy soon after, and came in swinging like a cat in heat.”
“Mmm.” The man’s gaze returns to his. The music grows louder, so he wraps his long fingers around the back of John’s neck, moving closer until they’re cheek to cheek.
John's got at least ten of these shirts. And every variant looks very good on his fun-sized body.  Sherlock has studied each variant; he knows them well. He's even named a few.
"Alright, then. I'm intrigued. Why did you bring me here?"
Sarah fidgets at the steering wheel, tapping her leg nervously. “After my shift ended one night, I bought him a drink at the bar to thank him. His name was Nicholas. We chatted a bit; he was incredibly charming, and as I’d suspected, incredibly wealthy. I don’t remember how we got onto the topic of my mother, but he expressed his sympathy towards the situation. As he was leaving, he hugged me, gave me his business card, and told me that he’d like to talk soon about helping her.”
The man responds with a catty lift of the eyebrow, and he sighs dramatically. “Let’s cut to the chase,” he says. “What is your relationship with Sherlock Holmes?”
"Well, I do have the ability to use one hand. And you know that stray curl that sometimes falls over your face, and stays there until the wind blows it away or you push it back?"
John was prepared to see Moriarty slumped to the ground in a pool of his own blood. He wasn’t, however, prepared to find himself on the ground, having leapt backwards to avoid a bullet that was never actually shot.
a lot).
There it is again—the pout. John is, of course, going to hang on to this moment for as long as he can. "Sherlock. Are you worried that someone might take my attention away from you?"
"Oh, god." Sherlock clenches his eyes tightly. He can’t process this right now. Any of it.
“Legend has it,” he says valiantly, “...that kissing tall, handsome geniuses on All Hallows’ Eve will protect one from the cold, bony grasp of death.”
Moriarty chuckles beneath his breath. “Oh. Haven't you figured it out, darling? Why those women had to die? Why I murdered them in cold blood?”
Both of them have settled into their own shared routine in the evenings: Sherlock brings dinner, they sit down and watch television—which John enjoys, and Sherlock pretends to enjoy for John's sake, but only because they get to hold hands. After an hour or two of this, Sherlock lays his head on the bed and John puts his arm around his shoulders. He tells him nice things and kisses the top of his head and runs his fingers over his scalp until they fall asleep.
This chapter is dedicated to the memory of Una Stubbs, who always portrayed Baker Street's landlady (and not housekeeper) flawlessly. Rest in Peace <3
“I’ll let you know the moment I’ve figured it out myself.”
"Mmh, yes," Sherlock slurs, though that doesn't fully express how
"A little bit, yes." Sherlock takes his other hand and places it beneath John's chin, turning his head so he can look him in the eye. "I see that you're upset, but I just need to know one thing. Are you unhappy that the others know we're together? Because if that's the case, I know tons of sneaky places in London where we can kiss. Sneaky kissing places in London will never be lacking. In fact, there's a tiny staircase over there across the road—would you like to go engage in another mutual lip assault?"
The two men hold on to each other as they stand, their hearts pounding like two timpani. Sherlock tries to balance himself, but it proves premature—the world is dizzying, and the ground wobbles, and the blood screams in his ears.
Sherlock swallows thickly. “Yes,” he croaks. He clears his throat and tries again. "Yes." He swallows. “Water? I need water. Where do I get water?”
“And yet—“ John's eyes flicker with something raw—something unrecognisable. He raises his brows, biting his bottom lip softly.
She picks up. "Yes?"
“Thank you,” John interrupts.
Harry always teases him for being a homebody. Says he ought to stop studying so much and go out once in a while to enjoy American nightlife. But tonight, he’s far too sober for the crowds and the biting temperatures.
He checks the time on his phone. It's half seven. Early, yet. He doesn't care.
Sherlock smiles subtly. "I suppose we ought to head out.” He unwraps his fingers from John’s, parting their knees and toes.
“I, erm,” John stammers. “Sorry, I just need a moment to process all of this.”
"Fantastic." Sherlock smiles from ear to ear. "Come here, you."
John’s mouth falls open involuntarily. He thinks he might punch William in the face. Or maybe not. Maybe his face is too pretty for that. Maybe he’ll go for the chest. Or maybe he’ll kiss the hell out of those plump, intoxicating lips of his, just to shut him up. But he does none of those things. Instead, he watches silently as William disregards him, and the beautiful raven-haired woman takes him by the arm.
It’s Sherlock’s turn to burst into laughter. “You may undress me. No bruising required, unless that’s what you’re into.”
Sherlock grins back at him somewhat sheepishly. "You’re alright?" he asks. Leave it to John Watson to bring him to the point of coquettishness while wanting to do utterly obscene things to him.
Sherlock is completely gone, though his heart soars. He takes John by the shoulders to kiss him, soft and lazy. He sighs happily, and rests his chin onto the crown of John’s head, and listens to the buzzing hospital noises around them.
"Great. Tell me."
John Watson. Just John. Sweet John. Tender John. John who loves him. John he loves.
John leans back to look him in the eye. "I will allow it indefinitely."
The kiss instantly grounds John. His head is no longer spinning, though the fluttering of his heart only accelerates, quickening with their breaths.
going.” He side-steps, attempting to maneuver to the front. But somehow,
"Good. I hear Kilimanjaro is far more stunning if London isn't left too murder-y."
"Of course," he responds. Of course he'll make love to him. Of course he will. For him and for Sherlock, there's no other way.
“I know what you’re thinking, pet.” Moriarty turns away from the skyline. “But I assure you, John Watson will come.” With his clownlike grin, he begins to slink towards Sherlock like a hungry tiger.
“Or what?” Sherlock goads. “You'll burst out the fuzzy leopard-print cuffs?"
Steam drifts in from the hallway as John showers in the other room. He whistles some out of tune rock ballad. As always, his apathy for pitch annoys Sherlock; but likewise, his heart bursts with affection for him in all his ignorance.
He closes his eyes again. He often does while listening to music; an auditory experience is much more precise with muted visual stimulation. It helps him clear his mind, to immerse himself wholly in the sound, allowing it to envelop him completely.
"You've got to take it easier," Sherlock utters just above the helix of John’s ear, and John feels the words on his burning cheek.
Any tension formed between John and Sherlock that night evaporates the moment they fall asleep. And although they've removed their costumes, they remain fused together--when they wake up, neither has let the other go.
John ignores Irene’s comment, a thousand pound weight falling from John’s chest in knowing that Sherlock is safe. “Oh, good,” he exhales. “Thank god.” He grabs Molly again, pulling her in close and holding her there. “I need to ask you about a billion questions,” he says with a chuckle.
"My favourite flavour is pistachio," Sherlock reveals.
"It's not what you think," John reassures him. "I'm simply being polite. It doesn't take much effort to be friendly. Or to read a name badge, for that matter."
The two of them hightail it from the alleyway hand in hand, just as they did before—only this time, rather than being propelled by the rain, they’re spurred forward by a feeling that has finally found a name.
My world became unsteady. I was plagued with guilt and grief and confusion. Though I knew without a doubt that he was a deplorable, vile human being for what he’d done, I wanted it not to be true.
But who could have known this? And how could they possibly have got it?
John shrugs. "They weren't very nice." And he leaves it at that.
in deliberately, brushing against his prostate.
Even in the dark, he’s so beautiful that John aches.
Indeed, she knows how to use Sherlock’s weaknesses to her advantage. Each mention of his and John’s status as a new couple sends a wave of giddy hysteria over him, inducing uncharacteristically compliant behaviour.
How is it that nobody has ever taken him by the collar of his ridiculous coat, pressed him against a wall, and kissed him, firmly and soundly? How is it that nobody in the universe has learned the flavour of his tongue, or felt the soft hum of his enthusiasm against their lips?
"William did imply that he was in danger. And given...well, I don't think William's even his name. Perhaps he took on a false identity to run from whatever the danger is, or was."
Still in the heat of the moment, they step out of the shower to dry themselves off. Sherlock wraps himself in his towel and walks into the main room; John simply watches him from behind—his glistening skin, the cloth slung below the dimples of his back. Sherlock stops in front of the sofa and drops his towel to his ankles before turning to sit. He watches John now; and he takes his hard, leaking cock into his own hand, his eyes and lips and body inviting John to join him.
“It’s
An hour later, John lies sprawled out upon the floor, head in Sherlock’s lap, their wires astonishingly intertwined.
It doesn’t matter. William isn’t Molly’s problem. He’s not John’s problem, either. Not anymore.
“Kitchen,” John casually responds, not budging.
“Yes?”
Ugh. So why can't he seem to think about anything else?
He elbows Sarah lightly in the side. “Might want to take a picture instead,” he teases.
And so there they are: just two pretend husbands sitting quietly together on a hospital bed. Just the two of them, Sherlock and John. And John's glowing skin. And John's bewitching abdominals. And one very thin towel, which is probably too small to actually count as a thing that's there.
It’s Molly.
definitely won’t be on the exam.
"I like it, too."
“Mm?” Sherlock drowsily replies.
“No. It’s not that. I was...simply going to say that Sherlock is lucky to have you.” He turns back to Molly, then to Irene, and he feels grateful. “All of you.”
"Sherlock." Brook says his name gently, as if he's worried it will break. He opens his mouth to speak further, but the kettle begins to whistle. So he steps into the kitchen to switch off the stove, and doesn't say more.
John bursts into laughter. “And you are a complete and utter dick.”
lengthy one if that staff is Doctor Torres. (That's Sherlock's use of creative license). An impromptu (and often unbeknownst) performance for Molly or Mrs. Hudson when they appear unannounced. (These performances usually end with cheers and a standing ovation. Or bouquets of flowers and other gifts. Sometimes, there are tears of joy. Mrs. Hudson is incorrigible.)
"I thought you said it didn't bother you."
None of that mattered, though, because for one day, he’d gather around the table with his sister and his mum and gorge on ham and Christmas pudding and movies. For one day, he got to pretend his family was happy.
Sherlock gazes back over the edge and into the city. "I truly gave up on love before I met you; believing that the only matter of importance was my brain. Solely the hard drive in my head mattered, and everything else served to rob that of very useful resources. Over time, I managed to turn my soul to stone."
“Lie on your back,” Sherlock commands, patting him on his backside.
"But I've got nothing to hide," Sherlock says--mildly alarmed by the candidness that spills out from his words. "Have you?"
"You are incorrect."
is undeniably exhilarating. Raw. Erotic, even. And the more of Sherlock he gets, the more Sherlock wants to give.
“Molly,” Irene says sternly. “Must I remind you of why we left Boston to come here?”
John kisses him firmly on the lips. “If anyone objects, we can blame it on my current state of feverishness.”
Molly glares at him.
And…John stops breathing again. The scent of Sherlock's aftershave, the heat and the sweat, and freshly baked macarons—the combination is surely some sort of wildly effective, previously undiscovered aphrodisiac.
Sherlock inhales deeply, reflecting his deep, deep annoyance. He also notes that in the past ninety seconds, John's pulse has begun beating quite quickly, and that small beads of sweat are forming at his brow. And that he’s compulsively licking his lips, as though they’ve been covered in an addictive mixture of cocaine and chocolate and honey—the same evidence John always exhibits when he wants to have sex with someone. And unless John has suddenly formed an attraction to newspaper ink, Sherlock is entirely sure he wants it to be with him.
Tears of joy sting the corners of Moriarty’s eyes. A smile tugs at his lips, uncontainable; a breath of laughter vibrates his ribcage.
“Las Vegas area code,” Gabriela points out.
"Completely worth it.” Sherlock bends down and presses their lips together. And so they remain for an indeterminable amount of time.
”Hmm?”
“The great Sherlock Holmes," he jokes. "Defeated by a honeybee."
She wriggles where she sits. “Erm...Do you have a name, Mister Ghost? Or Mrs. Ghost. Or, you know, whatever your identity is. Didn’t mean to assume your gender. Where are you from? How did you die?”
of heartbeats. Fingertips skimming down arms and over collarbones, trickling down hemlines and waistbands and lifelines until fingers finally entwine.
“Don’t,” Sherlock snarls.
She lifts an eyebrow, her smile fading. “Pardon?”
"The what?” John asks groggily. “Oh. Sherlock, you can’t be serious right now—“
She pauses, turning back. “What is it, John?”
“N-no!” John stammers. His face grows hot as he shoots a glance at Marci, who looks back at him expectantly.
“Yes.”
"Only Harry."
“I don’t even know who Greg is,” Sherlock acknowledges, but she’s already flitted past them on her way to the door. His gaze shifts back to his boyfriend, whose head is in his lap. “John, who’s Greg?”
“You did?” John never even considered the possibility, though he was admittedly a bit distracted by the pretty dickhead behind the bar that night.
“Nope.”
“What convinced you to leave that life behind?” he asks.
John becomes overwhelmed by the urge to kiss him, to hold and comfort him, to let him cry into his chest until his tears run dry. Instead, he takes him gently by the shoulders. “Say that again?”
There is absolutely nothing more frightening than this.
Sherlock is too fast for him; he wraps his long fingers around John's wrist, gently tugging his arm back. "What's your answer, then?" His eyes glimmer with amusement as he widens them inquisitively.
John. I have no way of knowing how long it will be before you read this. But even as I write it, I’m missing you more than I can begin to describe. It’s quite strange, actually. I feel as though I’ve spent most of my life missing you—even before I knew you.
William raises a half-full shot glass to John's mouth. "Here."
“It’s spelling something!” Molly leans closer.
"John.” Sherlock is stuck on something Donovan said. “She called you my boyfriend."
Sherlock delicately weaves their fingers together. He skims his fingertips absentmindedly over John’s hands, over his wrist and his callused knuckles. Over John's fingers, and the wedding band he continues to wear.
“That depends. How long have we got?”
“Shut up.”
He makes delicious Earl Grey. Even better than Mrs. Hudson's. Don't tell her I said that.
He immediately regrets those words as he feels William’s body go stiff against him.
This is their first time kissing outside of Baker street—it feels raw, amorous, and sort of dangerous. And though it’s urgent and brimming with passion, Sherlock has many new sensations to catalogue, so he thoroughly intends to take his time.
“Uncertain,” John replies. “If she noticed, she didn’t seem fazed by it.”
He kisses John as though it’s the very first time; as though he's been stuck with the want of it for far too long. As if this single kiss carries the weight of ten thousand; as if it has no beginning or end.
"Have you walked much today?" he asks.
Sherlock is surprised at how easy it is to interact with him, especially considering his lack of experience in the area of human companionship. He has never had much interest in social interactions, even as a child—preferring to stay alone indoors with a book or a microscope.
“Sarah,” John says softly. It’s not admonishing; it’s simply an acknowledgement of support.
. Isn’t everyone’s granddad a
"Boring. They don't count."
Breathing together on purpose. Breathing together, not on purpose. Falling into a happy, dreamless sleep.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake.” Molly huffs with impatience, sets the palms of her hands on his chest, and pushes—hard—sending him flying backwards.
Sherlock lowers his voice. "It's not a date!"
"Oh." He's still doing it. "Does it bother you?"
"John." He moves his head closer, caressing his face with his own, and he brushes their lips together. "John, John, John," he whispers more. Holds on so tightly that he feels John's collarbones digging into his sternum; his heart beating wildly in his rib cage.
John allows his entire body to settle over Sherlock’s, like a warm John-blanket. And then he kisses him; a full body kiss, this time, lips and tongue and teeth. A warm, intimate embrace. Sweaty, naked skin on skin.
After that, Sherlock and John never run out of things to talk about. They form an enjoyable new evening routine:
Sherlock frowns. “Yes. Of course.” John is always down there, because he’s short. Molly is weird.
”Yeah?”
John is immediately slammed with an acute sense of sadness and dread, but he catches himself before it spins out of control. He scans the article briefly before looking at the publication date.
: All but Molly (lie)
Sherlock exhales a shaky laugh and kisses John's shoulder. "And then we were on Mount Kilimanjaro, and you said you had to go, and...you disappeared. That’s when I lost you."
One of the women orgasms with a loud moan; John’s not sure which one. And then there are more sounds of orgasms, and more, and more.
He knows the scent of his cologne, and the scent of his hair, and the scent of his skin. He knows the sound his heart makes as it beats beneath his rib cage. He knows the way his forehead crinkles when John says something he finds repugnant, and he knows the shape of his pupils when John is about to kiss him.
So he immerses himself in his studies. Buries himself in the familiar: lateral ventricles. Cochlear ducts. Pericardial cavities. The taste of William’s tongue sliding into his mouth.
He did notice.
Sarah has always been tough as nails, going out of her way to appear alright in any given scenario. He’s 90% certain she’s downplaying the severity of her injury, but he’s also 200% certain that there’s no way he’ll change her mind.
Two minutes pass.
"No, you haven't."
Text message
But he still can’t find a reason. Why now, John? Why tonight, John? So he just drinks and eats and chats and wonders and wonders and wonders.
“Nobody.” Sherlock uncovers his face, which John is standing directly over, rascal that he is—and Sherlock can’t
His imagination takes him through every imaginable scenario this night could bring—good, bad, better, worse—but it doesn’t really matter, as long as he can see William just one more time.
a form of acute psychosis. And he's probably correct.
"I love you," John rumbles into Sherlock's ear. This causes a jolt of electricity to surge from Sherlock's abdomen and through his pubic region, coming to rest in the form of his own growing arousal.
As the two friends exit The Strand, John notices that William is no longer behind the bar—but he thinks he sees puffs of cigarette smoke coming in through an open window.
"Hmm. Kiss, definitely. More than that? Depends on how long you’re planning to make me wait.”
John closes his eyes as he squeezes Sherlock closer. The two of them use every last drop of energy to press their bodies together, filling their brains with memories to hold on to.
Christ, John smells more incredible than he has any right to.
In Las Vegas, the sky is blue and cloudless and the air is dry. Hills and red rocks and green mountains spot the distant horizon. It’s balmy and 65 degrees Fahrenheit, unheard of to John for early January—and a dramatic change from the freezing rain and chilly winds of Boston.
“They've gone back,” she answers. “We decided at least one of us should stay behind for your safety, just in case. I volunteered."
“I O U." John touches the door curiously; running his fingers over the letters. “The paint is dry,” he remarks. “But I'm absolutely certain this wasn’t here a week ago.”
”No. I desperately wanted you to move past this sexual dry spell of yours so that I could get back to work, but I could have achieved this in various other ways. I offered to be the one to help, however, because...because of, well, you know.”
“Hm.” She tilts her head to one side. “I didn’t notice
Sherlock tilts his pelvis back, and John moves his slick fingers past his buttocks until he feels the ring of his arsehole.
"I know that it's been a long three weeks," John says. His eyes fall to the floor, and Sherlock immediately misses that soft blue gaze. "But I don't think there's anyone else I could have done this with. If I had to be isolated with someone, I'm glad it was you."
Yay! I mean, boo! London and its January thunderstorms! Deus ex machina?! Not here!
"Are you trying to kill me, John?!"
William is sprawled back over the arm of a large velvet sofa, wearing nothing but a white sheet crumpled over his chest. John is kneeling, his head buried between William’s spread-open legs, and William has one hand at the back of his head, coaxing him.
"I believe
“Gab,” John says mildly.
But Sherlock doesn’t do that, either. His eyelids drift half-shut, and he leans into John’s touch like some type of house cat, meeting his thumb with a barely-there graze of his tongue.
"Ugh.
“You’re back with us, then?” A thin, haughty voice drawls.
“Interesting. It must have felt strange for you to go from a religious upbringing to a career in science.”
They fuck slowly and lazily; Sherlock's hips roll into John as the tip of John's smooth cock glides over his sticky abdomen, leaving wet trails of pre-come. The rhythm is, at first, tricky—but they are both fast and eager learners. They pick up their speed, smearing messy kisses over each other's mouth, John driving his body over Sherlock’s, his cock slapping against his stomach. Their rhythm grows irregular again, and they fuck until they're both tired and sore.
“Just the one time, after I learned he was in love with me. I mean, I suppose we didn’t sleep that much. We spent a lot of time kissing.”
He pauses again, as if waiting for Sherlock to protest.
“Relax,” Sherlock softly urges. John gives him a half-smile before steadily moving in towards the laptop.
He doesn't think about it for too long. As he walks through the bedroom door, he hears Sherlock coming after him, calling his name while he approaches.
“Of course not. Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“Hiiii!” William beams widely at them. “What can I get for you?”
John laughs, reaching out to tuck a piece of hair behind Sherlock’s ear. “When did you figure it out?”
And the clock ticks on.
Past the altar is a magnificent stage. It contains a sprawling, sky-high pipe organ with an enormous ivory casing of cherubs and angels. Poised before the keyboards is John, adorned in hospital attire, playing each note with the dexterity and elegance of a virtuoso. He's so engrossed in the music that he doesn't appear to notice Sherlock's presence. Sherlock doesn't mind but to watch; because although John paints a lovely picture with the touch of every key, it's he who is the masterpiece.
Doctor Richard Brook peers up from his texts, his eyes blank and dark like a new-moon sky. At twenty-six, he is Oxford’s youngest professor—yet to most, he appears even younger.
by S. Holmes. It's clearly newer than the other books that surround it. John takes it from the shelf and opens it, skimming his fingers over the introduction, the summary, the author's biography.
There is John and there is Sherlock, and there is love. In a small bed, in a small cabin in the woods. In a sleeping world which has become unfamiliar in the weeks gone by.
"What?" Sherlock pauses. Things Sherlock didn't know. "She did?"
“Why wouldn’t I be?”
“John,” he mumbles. “In my top drawer, you’ll find some lube.” He places a quick kiss on John’s neck. “Use it as you wish to use it.”
"I was happy for you then, Watson," he insists. "And I'm happy for you now. If you take all the retroactive happiness and put it together, it's a whole lot of happiness. And you've got a lot of people who care about you, and a lot of people who are happy for you, and that's not insignificant."
don't use a pipe in the bathroom."
face becomes wet with saliva; he’s buried between John’s legs so deeply that John wonders how he’s even breathing—hell, he’s not entirely sure how he’s breathing himself.
Sherlock responds with a low hum of delight from deep down in his throat; a delight John can
With trembling hands, he pulls out the letter and begins to read it.
“Philip, hush,” Sally says sharply.
It was a joke on Sherlock’s end, but John took it to heart.
4. No kissing. 🙅
Sent ✓
"Come here." John takes him by the shoulders. "Let me help you." And without hesitation, he draws Sherlock's body into his own.
The move surprises John, but in an undeniably pleasing manner; he curses through clenched teeth before he releases another low, rumbling moan.
“One more thing, if I may,” John adds. Lestrade and Mycroft look up at him to listen. “It's just that...I have an older sister. She and her wife are the only family I’ve got."
to sleep."
"No. Are you done yet?"
Mary reaches over John’s lap and takes his hand. “I'm certain he knows. But you’ll have the chance to tell him very soon.”
"Amazing," John adds. "Brilliant. Sherlock? Why have we not—“
“Yeah. You’re definitely a bit tight. I'll see what I can do." He turns to face forwards on the sofa and gestures towards the floor, spreading his knees apart. "Here," he instructs. "Come sit down in front of me."
"Brownies?"
John stares at him grimly. If it were
For the next few days, Sherlock keeps with his routine of going home in the afternoon and returning to the hospital in the evening. Absurdly, he misses the hospital while he's away. He finds that he can hardly wait to get back there, and his heart bursts with excitement as he enters the building. It's very odd. Who on earth misses a hospital? Is there really any sort of appeal? He doesn't miss the smells, or the noises, or the irritating nurses—that much is certain.
Sherlock takes it with no hesitation, gripping on to John tightly.
“Check it.” Sherlock yawns and drifts off again.
up, by the way. It's terribly flattering that you’ve been keeping track of my—”
He smiles at her nervously. “John is, erm...he didn’t realise we were closed, so he came up for a drink. Didn’t want to leave him out in the cold.”
“And yet?” But Sherlock doesn't have a second to predict how he might finish that thought.
”Alright.” Sherlock slowly sips his coffee, only partially listening as Brook picks up their earlier conversation on tobacco ash.
“It won’t be the last,” Sherlock promises, as though he’s been reading his mind. Perhaps he has been.
"Carbon dating! A-ha!" calls out a familiar voice from across the room.
They pull away, their touches remaining, and they gaze at each other through the dark. Their eyes meet, and their bliss cannot be contained. They grin like madmen, as if they were two school boys who have broken the rules. They have, John thinks: Sherlock's rules.
John remains still as a corpse.
He covers his face with his hands, lays his head onto the table, and gives up for the day. Burying himself beneath his textbook, he hides from the world, and hopes he’ll retain the material he needs through some form of osmosis.
“It’s far too dangerous for you to come along right now.”
"I'll tell him," he says. "I’ll tell John about my past. I trust him enough to do so." He means it, too. He's going to share everything. Eventually. Probably not tonight. After dinner with these two, he's sure he'll be a billion percent talked out.
Out of John falls a shaky sigh. He doesn’t mean for it to happen; he must have been holding his breath.
"Are you
Moriarty tilts his head, curiously regarding Sherlock—and for the tiniest of moments, Sherlock believes he may detect a speck of humanity in his eyes. He seizes the opportunity.
John climbs on top of Sherlock’s body with his back facing him, his cock tickling Sherlock’s lips. As John takes Sherlock into his mouth, he feels the other man’s lips seal around his own hardness, and he nearly comes that very instant. Miraculously, he’s able to pull himself together.
“Goodnight, love.” Molly wraps her arms around Sherlock for an enthusiastic embrace. She’s always been an excellent hugger. Before letting go, she stands on her tiptoes to whisper something in his ear. “Talk to John a bit more. I think perhaps he was surprised to learn about some of your past sexual experiences. And he’s quite the jealous type, as you know.”
As William speaks, John’s treacherous gaze is drawn to his mouth; it can’t be helped. That mouth is fucking divine: a perfect Cupid’s bow, dipping like candle wax into dusky bee-stung lips.
“I’ll be back this evening,” Sherlock says. “Text if you need anything.”
“Do you remember when you and I were in the field of dandelions, and you taught me about our other lives?”
An undeniable thrill surges through Sherlock's body. “If you must.”
Gabriela turns to her, returning from her daze to give Molly her full attention. She’s brilliant at that, John thinks. She has a way of making everyone around her feel as though they’re the most important person in the room.
John melts into him almost immediately. He snakes his arms beneath Sherlock’s, settling them at Sherlock’s waist.
John is able to remain awake for most of the morning. Mrs. Hudson stops in at around 9; Sherlock has already given her the details of their arrangement, which she goes on about merrily. When Sherlock asks her to calm down, she simply tells him that if they can pretend, so can she. Sherlock grudgingly agrees—as long as she stops taking surreptitious cell phone photos of the two of them holding hands.
Moriarty's eyes grow wild with resentment. "You speak of Brook as though he is not standing right before you."
"Five months," Sherlock blurts out.
Although John is no longer overcome with anxiety over William, he’s a bit coursing with hatred towards this man. He’s not sure that it’s much better.
"Yes,” Sherlock agrees. John’s brain is obviously just fine. “That is indeed very husband-like."
Sherlock smiles weakly. "It may seem that way to you, but up here—" he points to his temple. "—it's as loud as ever."
"I was ten, Sherlock."
But before he begins, he takes a moment to brace himself. He closes his eyes and breathes. He listens.
The corner of his mouth turns up. “No you haven’t.”
John’s mouth drops open. “Mary? It was
John opens his mouth to speak, and something tickles his lips. He reaches up and discovers that he’s got quite the mustache.
Sherlock pulls away to look down at him. “You kissed me on the mouth during your first night here. And I would like for you to do it again."
Sherlock reads aloud.
John scoffs. “Is that just for the drink, or are you running a tab on seductive ear-whispering and arsehole comments?”
“I’ll go get dressed,” Irene says as she slips away, her silk robe clinging to the curves of her body as she walks into the next room.
The bedroom light is off. John is still and silent. Oh, thank goddess. But also, ugh.
“Two...”
“No,” she replies. “The other name. The real one.”
“And also...” John adds. “...not to be completely shallow, but Jesus, you are bloody gorgeous. I can’t tell you how long I’ve wanted to touch you like this. Though I suppose it’s been since day one, at Bart's.”
John smiles. "Yeah, goodnight, Sherlock. Sweet dreams of the countryside. And of bees."
Oh, no. No. He’s pairing it with Chinese takeout. Send more help. -SH
”Not at all,” Sherlock agrees, using his other hand to knock on Mrs. Hudson’s door. It’s okay if John lacks common sense. He’s still really handsome.
His memory of Sherlock approaching him on the pavement after the incident, begging him to say something—anything. That was real. He remembers how very important it was to let Sherlock know that he was okay. And that was the truth. He was in pain, but still breathing, and he could still feel all of his limbs, and he could also still feel that he loved Sherlock. (Real, too, though he didn’t say it out loud.)
It isn't only his life flashing before his eyes, but many lives—and in every one, he and John are together, and they are happy. As he thinks of what he is about to do, it offers him comfort.
And once again, John can't help but wonder—for Sherlock, is this all simply a means to an end? When he kisses him like this, when he moves his hips like this, is it really all just an act?
"I’m fine," Sherlock whispers hoarsely as he sinks further downwards. "More."
“Mm, of course she does.” William bites his bottom lip playfully. “And judging by what I’ve observed in that booth, she’s taking the advanced course.” With that, he inhales a gust of air and tosses a towel over his shoulder. “Anyway. Goodbye.”
“Fucking hell,” John mutters. He looks back at Stamford and motions for him to come over. Stamford nods, says something to the ladies, and comes to join him.
Sherlock nods briefly and turns away, rising from the bed. "Rest well, John.”
“Asshole!” a woman barks at him. “Watch where you’re going! Jesus!”
"Yes. Strange, isn’t it? Anderson, too."
“Sure!”
John grits his teeth but doesn’t look away. Unfortunately, Mycroft may have a point. Sherlock has avoided sentimental attachments for as long as John has known him. As far as he knows, it’s been in the name of the work—but John’s had suspicions that it may be more complicated.
Irene's words echo in his head: "not the flower type."
John chuckles. He kisses Sherlock's shoulder. "I love you," he murmurs. "I love you. I love you for your grace, and your wit, and your kindness. I love you for the way that you laugh, and for the way I laugh when I'm with you. I love that you always say my name like you need me. I love the passion you bring to all you do, and how it burns, even when everything around you has faded. And I love that you came into my life at exactly the right time, as if somehow you already knew how important it would be."
Sherlock tears their lips apart. Touches the side of John’s face. Presses their dampened foreheads together, feels the feverish warmth of John’s skin.
John lifts his head to look at him. “You’re alright with that? You’re no longer going to try and keep me away?”
married to me is fantastic." Sherlock speaks with certainty, though he's not actually certain. If it were anyone but John, he'd probably drive them absolutely mad.
"Hm?" Mischief flashes across John's features. "That's not exactly true."
Sherlock shrugs. “Out of all the things you could possibly be, I like you the most. I hope that’s alright.”
"Loved, am I?" Sherlock sips his wine, intrigued. "Loved by whom?"
“You’ll come to learn that anything can be real,” Sherlock explains. “All that has been imagined or created—no matter how absurd or incomprehensible—it exists somewhere in time, on some astral plane.”
?" Sherlock peers into the kitchen from the sofa, nose crumpled, wiping his curls from his sweat-dampened forehead. He hasn't looked up from his laptop for two or three hours. "Why would you
“Great plan.” John rearranges his body over his, wrapping him up in his arms. Sherlock notes that John is still fully erect, which will help move the plan along quite nicely. And from what he can tell, all of this talk about
“Stay away from Sherlock Holmes,” he says, leaning backwards into his chair. “...or you
"Good one," Anderson continues. He turns his head to Donovan, who sits besides him on the sofa; both of them are dressed in a steampunk getup. "I wish we'd thought of that one!"
John and Sherlock return to the Strand that night. When they enter, John finds that the dark building is now candescent with happy memories. The bar itself, of course—where he laid eyes on Sherlock for the first time. The many walls and surfaces they’ve kissed on and beneath and under. The television, the table linens, the piano. Even the bathroom, where they first gave in to their mad desire for one another.
“Funny.” Lestrade’s voice is flat. He awkwardly rubs his hands together until Donovan offers him a seat next to herself and Anderson; and he settles in, chatting pleasantly with the two of them.
Sherlock goes to join Brook in his laboratory for lunch, but he's running a few minutes late. When he arrives, Brook is at his desk reading as he finishes his meal.
Before he’s had time to open it, Sherlock approaches him swiftly. He takes him by the shoulders and kisses him as firmly as he possibly can, their bodies colliding into the door. Sherlock presses himself lengthwise against him, and John wraps him up in his arms, pulling him close.
"No?"
Once John joins the table, he receives a warm welcome from Marci and Elizabeth, two American students studying accounting at UMass Boston. Marci takes a liking to him immediately; she pats the seat next to her in invitation, and John accepts, sliding in beside her.
As John ponders this, he notices that Sherlock has fallen silent for the first time in hours. His light blue eyes shift to their joined fingers.
He brushes his fingertips against Sherlock’s  cheek, and Sherlock winces in pain. John pulls away.
Mycroft leans forwards onto his umbrella, his disapproving gaze lowering to John’s left hand.
Urgency, real and desperate, springs out from Sherlock's voice. John stops. His chest heaves, and he chokes and sobs as he tries to catch his breath. “I’m sorry,” he says. He turns to face Sherlock, and he falls forwards, collapsing into his arms. “I’m so sorry.”
After clumsily bumping noses and dissolving into laughter, John presses his forehead to Sherlock's.
"Do you think this will work?" Sherlock asks.
As they make their way through morning traffic, the drive is mostly silent. Las Vegas fades into the background, and they approach an open highway with beautiful, clear skies which extend far past what the eye can see.
Sherlock considers throwing his arms into the air indignantly—or at the very least, crossing them over his chest to convey his dramatic frustration—but either of these actions would required un-holding John's hand. And although John has been gripping so hard that at one point Sherlock's circulation became fully cut off, he would prefer not to.
Sherlock tears his eyes away and urgently dives back into his task, though he’s unable to immediately recall what the task was. What he
John lays his head on his chest, circling his arms around his waist. “William,” he exhales. “Why are you so sad?”
Sherlock doesn’t move; it appears the answer is yes.
Sherlock bears into John, pressing him into the wall with a hushed fervour. His lips are on his lips; on one cheek, and the other; his forehead, the bridge of his nose. His hands are at John's waist, fumbling at his belt.
That’s when the sound of a bullet shatters the air.
find it odd?"
hard, Mister Holmes."
"So John confessed his love, and then you asked him to kiss you," Molly rehashes, "...and afterwards, you fell asleep in one another's arms."
“John.” Gabriela stands before him with a big grin on her face. “Hey. Heard you were stirring up trouble.”
Molly proceeds hastily, removing John’s coat and unfastening the bungee cord from the harness he’s wearing beneath it.
John opens his eyes to see that Sherlock's are still closed. His hips move in tiny tilting motions, and he’s making sounds that alternate between heavy sighs and murmurs of of John’s name.
Sherlock blinks a few times before his face transforms into his signature crooked grin. "Alright."
“Erm, yeah,” John says, slumping down onto the sofa dramatically. “Like...when did you become such a brat?”
“I understand,” John reassures him. “And we are going to fight together on this, and we are going to make it out together alive. But you’ve got to accept that nothing you say will convince me to leave you.”
Moriarty wasn’t simply taking my life away from me. He was taking my heart away from me, too. He was going after the people I love.
"It's not grey. It's platinum blond."
husband, to be specific. Afraid you won’t find two people more married than we are!” He clutches to Sherlock tightly, digging his nails into his own palm—just to be sure this isn’t
“Why are you fighting this?” Moriarty breathes steadily onto the back of Sherlock’s neck. “Did you ever doubt I would find you again?”
“Sherlock!” John lifts his feet and kicks Sherlock squarely on the front of his shins. “Cut it out!”
a dream."
John feels it: he’s not the same man he was yesterday. He’s not even the same man he was two hours ago, before being pressed against a wall and kissed by a tragically beautiful bartender in skin-tight jeans.
John pulls his arm away with all his force, turning back to face her. “Fucking hell!” he snaps at her. “Are you insane?”
"No."
John frowns in confusion. “Marci works at The Strand?”
“I said that you look quite nice tonight.”
WELLLLL this story was supposed to be two chapters total... but unlike John, I seem to have too MANY words. Besides, I wanted to post on their anniversary. So here...have an extra update!
William unbuttons his own trousers and steps out of them, his cock hard and glistening at the tip with liquid. The sight of him sends a tremendous shiver through John’s body.
“John!” Molly squeals enthusiastically.
“Mrs. Hudson." John bends forwards and peers into her eyes. Then, he turns to Molly and does the same. "...do these brownies have cannabis in them?"
So he looks at his lips instead. That’s perfectly acceptable, right? Except, of course, for the inevitability of his urge to kiss John, which is inconvenient given the circumstances, especially when John just kisses him back.
“...and after that,” John concludes, “...I came back to Baker Street. Wine?”
He wants William. He loves William. Only William. And it doesn’t matter what’s going on in William’s life—John will continue to want only him.
“What’s the matter, John?” he asks immediately.
"Yes!" Sherlock grabs it from him. "It keeps changing back for some reason!" He searches for the mute button.
John lets his eyes fall closed.
At six in the morning, Sherlock falls asleep next to Brook. Eight hours later, he learns that Brook is a murderer.
“Meanwhile, he’s got other forms of protection where he’s staying,” Molly reassures him. “And we’re doing what we can from here. You know. Technology stuff, spying on people, getting answers, blah blah blah.”
Their breaths are loud and fast from the exertion of holding John's body up. John thinks he might be sweating; he's most definitely turning red from his cheeks to his neck to his ears. He feels Sherlock flex his biceps two or three times, whether out of nervousness or to hold John steady, it's not quite clear.
”Colleague,” he corrects her facetiously.
John tips William's head towards him, brushing his thumb over his cheek. "I love you, too.”
He looks up to find Stamford waving from a booth across the room, accompanied by two pretty women John doesn’t recognize. John shrugs apologetically and turns back to William—just as another customer approaches the bar.
He nods firmly. “You have my word.”
When he opens them, he’s in a garden behind a large stucco house. Sherlock—adult Sherlock—is kneeling next to him, and they’re both staring up into the eyes of a killer. The killer looks back with a clownlike grin, his pistol still buried into his own chest.
John laughs softly in his ear. “Yeah. Course I am. Are
But what else can possibly be said? John told Sherlock that he loves him, even though he never planned to. Because Sherlock asked him to say it, and when he asked—how could John not?
They kiss until they fall asleep. And if it’s the last time, neither of them acknowledge it. They kiss without desperation or longing. They kiss sweetly and slowly. They kiss as though they’ve kissed a million and a half times. It’s entirely possible that they have.
No he's not. "I'm not crying," he protests.
This morning I woke up to find graffiti on the door of The Strand. In red letters: I.O.U.
“Thank you,” he says quietly, his ears turning hot. “I hope that I am able to meet your expectations.”
“It’s alright, John,” she interrupts. “I’ve weighed the options, and it’s something I want to do.”
But John is gone. And Sherlock wants to go after him, but his legs are so, so heavy, and the mountain trails are steep and infinite. And he tries to call out John's name, but his throat is quicksand, and the words are trapped in his mouth.
“I’m fine.” Sherlock bends over to retrieve his phone, deliberately not meeting his eyes. “Just saw some disturbing news about...” he pauses, desperately trying to recall any news article he’s scrolled past recently. “About dung beetles.”
“Oh.” John lowers his eyes to the towel. “Yes. Sorry, I took a nap and showered a bit late. I'll cover up." He bends towards the foot of the bed to take back his bedsheets.
William swiftly approaches from behind, taking him by the arms to steady him. “Are you alright?” he asks.
"Me? Oh. Nothing. I've got extraordinary control of my brain. Phobias have no place there."
Once Gabriela comes, her voice becomes muffled once again—John can only imagine that Irene is back to straddling her face, rocking against her until she can take one final orgasm from Gabriela’s tongue.
John smiles a bit sheepishly. "I played once upon a time. My grandmother began giving me lessons as a child. I sort of gave it up when I went into the military. Perhaps I'll take it up again some day. What's wrong? You seem distraught."
And last but not least—Mary, wonderful Mary. She has done so much to bring himself and Sherlock together again.
"It's fantastic, don't you think?”
There is not much else he can do besides wait, hoping and hoping and hoping that John does not come.
him.”
“Oh!” Gabriela jumps suddenly, flinging Sarah away and nearly dropping her phone in the process. “John!” She points to her phone screen urgently. "Look! It's her! It's The Woman!"
"Good," John replies. "So now you can just put me…"
John knows she’s right. He knows, deep in his bones, that there is no other choice. Because— although he's aware of how mad he may seem, he is utterly overwhelmed with the knowledge that it’s their destiny.
They practice kissing in the morning at the foot of John’s bed, John’s legs wrapped around Sherlock’s waist so he'll stay upright. They practice in the afternoon at the entryway as Sherlock goes to leave. (Though intended to be a brief goodbye kiss, this often requires multiple run-throughs). They practice kissing in the evening as the television plays in the background, until their evening kissing practice pours into their bedtime. And at bedtime, they practice kissing each other goodnight; lips and fingertips practice roaming over each other’s scalps and necks and shoulders until they fall asleep.
But he does know this: William’s eyes are hundreds of different shades of green and blue and gold, and John has memorized them all.
In a small fluorescent room with yellowing walls and no windows, there's a small, round table. The tall man with a crooked nose and a British accent sits there, his hands placed primly on the tabletop.
John moans lowly.
John stares in disbelief. "You're right. It's Irene, from The Strand. Irene is The Woman. Find The Woman, and she'll tell you where you need to go." John takes a deep breath. "Irene works—or used to work—with William. She must know where he is."
"John? John! I'm so sorry," Sherlock whispers hoarsely, though he doesn't think John can hear him. "I'm sorry, John. I never meant for you to get hurt."
married!" Sherlock emphasises. "John, I do think it's important for you to understand the difference."
"Yes," John responds. "I recall."
Text message
John bursts into laughter, and just as suddenly as the storm began, it comes to an end. They pull away from each other, their eyes as wide as their smiles.
"Yeah. He is," John agrees, much to Sherlock's surprise.
“Doesn't seem very fair.”
"She would never throw you out,” John says. She'd better not, anyhow. John would throw himself out right along with him, and that's a lot of throwing.
John’s own hips surge up and down until he can feel William’s hardness align with his arsehole. And when he hits that sweet spot, he gasps and arches his back, biting his own lip to keep from crying out.
“...cleverness. In any case, she’s quite fond of you.”
John believes her, and he believes he’s made his own point quite clear. So he leans in to kiss the top of her head, much like Sherlock had done before. “Thank you.”
marrying you—" may not go over well.
John’s head spins. His neck is hot. His anger is mounting. He looks down at the stains on his shirt, and then back up at William, who regards him unapologetically.
John circles his arms around Sherlock and rests his chin on top of his head. “I like you the most, too.”
"The Torture Museum was at the top of my list. My parents were hesitant at first, but they had promised, so they took me. That day I observed numerous instruments that were made to perform several types of antiquated, skin-crawling acts of torture."
is unusual. Nothing he’s felt before—especially not with John. But the way his heart beats, fast and irregular, the way John holds him, the hot exhalations on his skin—it’s quite exciting, and he finds himself wanting to give in.
Sherlock stretches his arms and sets the palms of his hands onto the bed. He lays his head onto them and peeks up at John expectantly.
Brook was a devout Catholic, and he would often quote verses from the Bible during our studies. He was aware that it drove me mad.
by Sherlock Holmes.
“—Here you are,” he continues. “Helping me. No questions asked.”
Sherlock crosses his arms over his chest. "Interesting. I believe it's quite similar to
She smiles at him before pulling her coat and scarf on, and she turns back towards John to kiss him once more on the cheek. “It was so lovely to meet you, mate. Hope we’ll see one another again.”
She tilts her head to one side. “Yes. Well, partially. I had help.” She swallows. “But please don’t ask who helped me. I won’t tell you.”
“Earlier, at the hospital, when you said everything was pretend.”
“What, Sherlock?”
John covers his face with amused exasperation. “Yeah, sorry about that. Habit? Self-defence?”
Sherlock's expression grows different nearly instantly. Eyes gleaming with awareness and intention, he takes John earnestly by the shoulders. He steers him into the bedside wall, and in less than a breath's time, his lips are pouring kisses all over him.
John's expression doesn't falter. "My priorities are fine. I will never, ever regret saving your life. Even during that whole ordeal, while I was falling from the building, there was only one thing from my entire life that I regretted." He hesitates; he's said something he wasn't supposed to say.
“Then consider the offer on the table. Though at the moment, I’m content to simply be lying here with you.”
Although Sherlock brushes off all the accolades, it’s simply part of the act. He actually can't get enough of it all—of the rehearsing, of the performing, of the unbreakable bubble of happiness he's been floating around in.
John doesn’t answer, but relaxes into his touch.
Sherlock, Lestrade, and John exchange awkward glances.
"Brilliant,” John says. “Now you'd better go find her again
John doesn’t like this man at all. He’s stuck up, and rude, and demanding. And now, as John feels he’s being mocked, his chest begins to flare with anger.
They thank them in hushed voices, and the moment they exit the hospital, they go quiet. They say nothing as they get into the back seat of Mycroft’s car. They say nothing for the first twenty minutes of the drive, only sneaking surreptitious glances at one another and acting as though they’re completely unnoticed. They say nothing as London, unchanged yet somehow unfamiliar, passes them by.
John exhales another shaky sigh, turning his head to kiss Sherlock softly on his inner wrist. "You say you've never had anyone want you the way I do. But that isn't true. It boggles my mind that someone so observant fails to notice how utterly captivated others are by you."
John's fingers reach through the flap of Sherlock's underwear and wrap around him almost instinctively. He exhales shakily, a whoosh from deep down in his chest so powerful that it causes his head to lull back.
Both women shake their heads.
John’s chest stirs, his nerve driving him forward yet one more step. “So have I.”
“I’ve given you my contact information,” she says. “If you need anything, you can call. We’ll be here in a heartbeat.”
Sherlock feels that wretched, knotted sensation in his stomach again. He sighs with defeat. As much as he detests John for being right, he should probably have some food.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock," the John voice calls.
John allows himself to enjoy Sherlock’s touch, and probably more than he should. Probably more than he ought to, considering the pain he’s in as he stubbornly climbs the stairs with his only partially healed limbs.
When he returns, Sherlock sits quietly at the foot of the bed. The look he gives him as he approaches is so tender that it steals John’s breath. But he carries on with his caretaking, bracing Sherlock’s chin and setting the bag of ice softly on his cheekbone. Sherlock winces again at the shock of the cold, and John chuckles at how innocent, almost childlike he seems.
"I'm in love with you, John." William’s voice trembles. "I’m so sorry. I never intended for it to happen.”
Sherlock huffs. "No." He huffs again. "No. No."
Sherlock scowls; John finds it endearing. “I will kill him.”
“You know what?” John continues. “Perhaps it wasn’t even him. Molly says he works for the British government, but the man I met is just some arsehole police officer in Las Vegas.”
John bends forwards a bit, meeting his eyes. His pupils are wide and dark, and his pulse is pounding wildly. "It's sexy as hell, Sherlock. And very, very distracting."
“And what if I can’t make it?”
"So will I," Mrs. Hudson says. "And you never know—perhaps sharing difficult experiences will strengthen the bond between you two."  She unhooks her arm from Sherlock's and sets her hand into the solidarity pile. "John's not going anywhere, you know."
Sherlock’s chest heaves lightly. His eyes wander back to John, and he clenches his fists. That’s when he moves; swiftly making his way across the grass.
The man scoffs, giving John a look of condescension. "If you're searching for Sherlock Holmes, I regret to inform you that you're out of luck." He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a piece of paper. "Because you see, Mister Watson." He slides the paper across the table. "Sherlock Holmes, as the world has come to know him, is dead."
differs substantially from anything you’ve experienced in your past. I’ll never hurt you, Sherlock. I promise.”
John presses their foreheads together. "Yes."
"Yes." Sherlock offers the box to him. His hands are noticeably trembling, even as John slides the ring on, but John thinks nothing of it. He’s probably just had too much caffeine.
“God, yes,” Gabriela pants. “I want it. Fuck me.”
God, yes. It's
“Oh, God.” Sherlock groans. “You’ve met him.”
It’s the most incredible thing in the universe, this love they have. Perhaps the most incredible thing in any universe.
Sherlock says nothing further; he walks swiftly towards his bed, toeing off his shoes on the way. He collapses onto the mattress, shuffles his body next to John, and wraps his arms around him—just to make sure he doesn’t leave.
John quickly contradicts him. "You aren't disliked by everyone. You are very loved, in fact."
"To being isolated together, I suppose," Sherlock says as they clink the rims of their glasses together.
“I hope that I’m not required to do those things,” he states. “Because I think John looks ravishing in everything he wears, and I love his cooking, and when he texts me, I can’t wait to text him back. Should I suggest that he smile more?”
Sherlock continues to aimlessly trace the lines on the palm of John's hand. "And what's kept you from going?"
Sherlock inhales. This is simple. A deduction. He’s done thousands of them, so why is this one more difficult than any other?
"Take what?" John asks.
Brook gives Sherlock a brief nod of acknowledgement. “I hope so as well.”
Sherlock squeezes John’s waist. “How do you feel about me, John?”
Sherlock wonders: why on earth did he say that?
New year, new sexual endeavours.
Sherlock strikes the palm of his hand against the table, no longer able to contain his emotion. “He
His heart skips a beat. He’s immediately astonished by how unguarded William seems to have become. His aloofness has been overtaken by melancholy; his face twists with regret.
John closes his eyes again, imagining Sherlock beneath him this time, blindfolded as John fucks him so hard that he screams and begs for mercy.
He picks up his phone to check the time. It’s half past eleven; much later than usual. He must have slept very deeply.
"Alright.” John smiles back before Sherlock turns to go. Once he’s gone, John swears beneath his breath and plants his face into the table.
“Yes.”
“Why are you here, Mycroft?” John’s question exudes pure indignation.
John’s throat is bone dry. “Yeah,” he rasps, taking Sherlock’s hand into his. “I know.”
"I miss him, too," John says. "Terribly."
“God, John.” Sherlock’s fingers scrabble wildly over the sheets to grasp onto anything they can. “I’m already so close, I—Ohhhh.” He can feel it in his whole body, the trembling sensation, like the rainfall before a flood.
"Your priorities are foolish. Perhaps you ought to reevaluate them." The words, when said aloud, are heavier than Sherlock was expecting.
"Yes. The people who know us best."
"Trust me, darling. I'm a thousand percent correct."
"Bed," he instructs, and he guides John into their bed, works on removing John's shirt, on pressing his lips against every piece of John's upper body he can get to. His collarbone. His sternum. One nipple, and the other.
Gabriela sets a hand on his shoulder. “Sit down, love. Take a moment to breathe. When you’re ready, if you want, we can talk about it.”
Sherlock looks at the glass, then to the bottle, and then to John. Then he looks to his phone, to the floor, back to his glass, then to John’s form-fitting trousers, and finally, back to the bottle.
John leans away to meet his eyes. “Very smooth, Holmes. You’ve gotten quite good at this, haven’t you?”
“Of course. You’re going to find him.”
John lifts a hand, pushing back a wisp of hair from Sherlock's forehead. "Then you're an idiot," he says fondly.
John's expression is incredulous. "You were thinking of a tobacco pipe?"
“Ew, no. John, don’t be ridiculous. The battery to my laptop died,” he explains.
“He didn’t tell us—for our own protection,” Irene finally speaks up. “He doesn’t want us coming near him until he’s sure the danger has passed.”
John racks his brain. A bead of sweat forms at his brow. He suddenly doesn’t know a single word, nor does he know a single person. "Like Martha!"
“John. I have spent the past hour
He then removes his own shirt. "I'll use this to dry you off from the rain," he explains as he folds it in half.
Sherlock looks at him. He’s bright red, licking and biting his bottom lip, eyes flashing with a desire unrestrained. His expression wavers between tortuous pleasure and wide-eyed admiration.
Moriarty laughs. “Did you forget? This is Vegas, honey! The games don’t end until the sun comes up! And our game is multiple choice. So, who will take the great fall? It will be up to Sherlock
good at saving Sherlock.
"What brings you to Las Vegas, Mister Watson?" the man asks, his tone as thin as his lips.
Desire flashes in William’s eyes, and John pulls him in, licking into his mouth. William groans as he sucks the tip of John’s tongue and bottom lip, sharing the drink’s numbing, prickling heat.
The door opens, and William steps inside.
Gabriela takes out her wallet and hands her credit card to him. “Looks like you need me, Watson. Book the appointment under my name. Gabriela Gomez, attorney at law, at your service. I can get her to talk.”
He doesn’t stop to breathe until he notes the befallen look on William's face. He sighs, continuing a tad less harshly.
"Perhaps he'll murder someone for you."
“Yes.”
The wind stirs. A car horn blares. A dog barks in the distance.
"That's not the point!" Sherlock crinkles his brow. "The point is...how did you know?"
There is no question about it. John is in love with Sherlock. Nothing else could possibly turn him into this paralysed, babbling mess. Short of acute psychosis, anyway. Sherlock would likely argue that love
Rain begins to pour unexpectedly against the window pane.
John takes a final, lingering glimpse at Sherlock. “I’ll be seeing you soon,” he promises him.
John inhales sharply. “Haven’t you figured it out?”
A clap of thunder rips through the sky, and freezing rain cascades from the clouds onto their heads.
“Sherlock, I’m happy to talk about this,” although the tone of his voice is more on the side of impartial. “But I think we should discuss it in person once you’re home. That alright?”
Sherlock opens his eyes to find himself inside a Cathedral with ceilings as high as the cosmos. He sits alone among endless aisles of velvet pews, surrounded by religious artifacts on every side; the room is dark but for the Victorian sconces that line stained glass windows.
"Mmm." John chuckles lowly. "What would you do if you were my husband?"
"From milking cows. Your dead man—he was a farmer." Sherlock raises his eyebrows, quite pleased with his conclusion. "It seems he was working out in the field mid-afternoon while temperatures were high. Put a wet towel on his neck to avoid becoming overheated. Didn’t work out—it got caught in his tractor, thereby asphyxiating him.”
That’s when a voice—dark and smooth, with a posh London accent—draws John’s attention back to his surroundings.
"You’ve just repeated the same question thrice."
from them."
"You're an idiot."
Pale, crystalline eyes peer impatiently from behind the bar. Low light flickers over high cheekbones like fire from an open flame; a crown of soft black curls frames a long, slender face. The bartender—he’s the most beautiful man John has ever seen. He leans onto his elbows, eyes burning into John as they slowly pore over his body.
shut up.” Sherlock shifts his eyes thoughtfully. "Only... don’t
John hums contentedly beneath him. “Hmm. How about I kiss you first?”
The streets of Back Bay are adorned with snow and brightly-coloured holiday lights. Sports fans wander in baseball caps; couples walk hand-in-hand over the riverwalk; students sip on hot drinks in the cafe. Twenty-somethings line up around the block, breathing thick clouds of frost as they wait to enter this week’s trendy club.
"So, what do you think?" John asks.
John smiles at him. “Take my hand, darling,” he says softly. “There’s something I want to show you.”
Sherlock lifts his gaze, and John watches him back, eyes wide with awe. The adoration in his expression is so open that the lump in Sherlock's throat returns. He knows by the way John looks at him that it's time—so he rises up, opens the bottle of lube and pours out a generous amount; tucks his knees below John's thighs and pushes his legs back.
It's a blatant tongue-in-cheek homage to the infamous "Dear Boss" letter, a handwritten confession by a person identifying themselves as "Jack the Ripper." The letter, written in red ink as well, begins with the words "Dear Boss," and contains boastful descriptions of the Whitechapel murders. It also contains jabs at the police, including the mention of cutting off someone's ears and sending them to the police "just for jolly."
“Is it? I hadn’t noticed.”
John gasps with shock, jolting himself fully from his sleepy state.
William finally shifts his feet slightly. “You chatted with Molly, then.”
”Alright.”
John sighs. “I will never be able to hide anything from you. Will I?”
"I would kiss you,” John says, “...but I think it might cause fission."
Sherlock slides his wet lips from John with a smacking sound and instructs him to wait. Finding the space to rise, he turns his body away from John, reaching behind himself to align John’s cock with his opening; and he carefully sets himself back down, sinking into John’s lap.
"I'm his husband," Sherlock says with confidence.
"Molly?" He tries once more.
Here she is!
"Thank you so much for inviting me to dinner, Molly!" Mrs. Hudson says as she takes a seat next to Sherlock. "I wasn't sure whether I ought to crash your party, but then Molly mentioned there was a new development between you and John? I simply couldn't miss out!"
"Sherlock.” John cuts him off. “Would you like to be my boyfriend?”
“You alright, Sherlock?”
"Of course they do!" Sherlock says as he finally takes one. "Mrs. Hudson's Famous Fun Brownies. I've told you about them."
The room is silent.
“Mm, yes,” Irene murmurs. “I’ll ride your face so hard that you won’t be able to breathe. I’m going to bury you into me, rock my hips and rub my clit over your mouth, and you will fuck me with your tongue until I come, screaming. And once you’ve made me come once, I will keep fucking you until I come again, and again, and again, until I decide you can breathe again.”
“Night, Sherlock.” John heads off to their bedroom just as Sherlock finishes washing his face.
When you told me you loved me, that solidified the realness of what might happen if Moriarty found out about us. And I knew that was when I would have to say goodbye.
But now isn't the time to think about that. Because John is
”Thanks,” Molly says after they’re able to compose themselves. “It’s nice to hear that. Easy to forget that sort of thing when you’re constantly around other brilliant people.”
Sherlock lifts a coy eyebrow. "Am I?"
in love with you."
“Yeah. Thanks, doc.” Lestrade takes a carton of cigarettes from his pocket. “I’m aware of the risks of smoking, but I appreciate the concern. Be back in a few.” With that, he exits—and the hooded figure follows right at his heels.
“Wow. That’s…” John pauses, choosing his words carefully. “Did you think he was telling the truth?”
"But you passed it up."
“What are those?” John asks.
As a medical student, he is well-acquainted with the human body—but his knowledge of William’s body is deeper still. He can draw out his pleasure for hours, or he can bring him to overwhelming ecstasy in the time it takes to finish a cigarette.
The lights on the Christmas tree in the neighbouring building dim and flicker off. Sherlock walks to his laptop and shuts it down as well.
John kisses Sherlock tenderly on the crown of his head and asks him to lie on his back. Sherlock complies, his eyelids falling closed as he bites his lip in anticipation.
“Oh.” John inhales. “Right, okay. So...you’ve been hiding this all along? And that explains why you lied about being a current student at MIT?”
At first, Sherlock assumes this must simply be another one of John’s darling marijuana-induced rhetorical questions—but once he follows where John is pointing, he sees otherwise.
William gives him a disapproving pout at the prospect of his clothing becoming damp as well, but the hardness they feel between one another’s legs serves as a welcome distraction.
“We’ve made it,” Mary says. “I’ll walk you up, just to be safe. But don’t worry. I’ll return to the car as soon as you're safely inside."
Their tongues slide sweetly together, skimming over the insides of one another’s mouths, lingering as their hearts and breaths become aligned. They cling to each other, their kisses slow and tender and delicate and unhurried. Tangled up beneath the blankets, they remove their clothing piece by piece.
"No. More."
“Yeah?”
Sherlock frowns. "Have you told
"Practice them?" Sherlock asks. "You play the piano?"
John wakes up to an empty bed. This is nothing out of the ordinary; Sherlock often awakens at dawn, leaving John to sleep in for another hour or two.
Sherlock doesn’t understand the appeal, of course. But John seems into it, so whatever. Meanwhile, Sherlock creates his own little subgame: lie detection.
, in the same space, at the same time—it’s all he needs. To know the feeling of being loved by a man like John.
John’s body melts into laughter, his hands settling on Sherlock’s hips. “Yeah. The view from arms-length is pretty clear; I’d say there’s a decent chance.”
"That is to say—” John jumps in, attempting to recuperate. “We’ve been married five months. Together for three years."
Sherlock is not the least bit pleased with John’s antics this evening. Although he is severely lacking in the observation department, he is quite gifted at being completely insufferable. He just wants to
"It's time," John says, releasing his grip on Sherlock.
Sherlock stares down at the message for a long time, trying to convince himself to send it. That John actually wouldn’t mind hearing from him—or better yet, that he would be pleased.
Sherlock takes his hand. He doesn’t ask where they’re going. It doesn’t matter, as long as it’s with him.
"Erm, yes? I do know. Of course I’m right. Glad we’re clear on that.” Sherlock leans back in and puckers his lips. “Let’s kiss.“
"John," Sherlock murmurs. "Do you think we ought to try kissing again?"
This is their first time kissing outside of Baker street—it feels raw, amorous, and sort of dangerous. And though it’s urgent and brimming with passion, Sherlock has many new sensations to catalogue, so he thoroughly intends to take his time.
"Mmmhhh," John rumbles, tightening his grip on the headboard.
John feels frustration burning at his eyes as he tries to comprehend all that this young Sherlock is saying. He blinks, and with the flutter of his eyelids, everything around them changes. The empty blue sky suddenly becomes fuchsia, and it contains three golden suns; the grassy meadow becomes an enormous desert of nothing but crystal white sand.
John takes Sherlock's hand."Come here. I need you to be closer."
John feels a surge of relief as she says this, gripping onto his phone. This will make things easier. “No worries at all," he says. "It's late."
“Morning.” She smiles warmly at him and leans forward to give him a kiss on the cheek. “Get in. Let’s deliver you to your love.”
else, he would be appreciative. But one thing he knows about Sherlock’s brother is that there’s always an ulterior motive.
They kiss until they fall asleep. And if it’s the last time, neither of them acknowledge it. They kiss without desperation or longing. They kiss sweetly and slowly. They kiss as though they’ve kissed a million and a half times. It’s entirely possible that they have.
"I promise not to laugh this time."
Sherlock with his love right now if he could. But instead, he brushes a final kiss to his forehead and gently pulls away, carefully rolling Sherlock on his side to face him.
“John? John, are you alright?”
Molly gives him a playful punch on the shoulder. “I’m good. And Sherlock’s not with us, unfortunately, but he’s safe.”
Ten seconds until midnight.
Oh, dear. Sherlock feels a bit warm and a little fuzzy. And his eyes are very blurry. Is he going blind? He's probably going blind. And he's fairly certain he's stopped breathing altogether. Or perhaps his heart has simply stopped beating. Apparently, his body is shutting down. It’s fine.
“Sherlock.” If the devil himself were to utter the name, it would be less wicked.
Sherlock pauses for a moment, carefully forming words. "I belonged to you before I knew I belonged to you. We belonged to one another, and I suppose our actions have always spoken louder than our words. They've always said—quite loudly, by all accounts—that we're in love. That's quite lovely, don't you think?"
“It’s spelling something again!” Molly gasps, tenacious about reading the words aloud.
John laughs. "You'd be lucky to have me around as a ghost. But either way, it doesn’t matter. Right now, we're both here—in corporeal form. We’re in our bed, and we're safe. And that's what matters. You and me, Sherlock—as long as we're here together, nothing bad can happen to us."
Sherlock bends downwards to kiss him again, but they're both smiling so wide that the attempt is wildly unsuccessful.
"Make love to me, John."
John is too exhausted—both physically and emotionally—to even watch Sherlock go. His eyelids are heavy, and his mind wanders to all that’s happened the last six weeks. Eventually, he falls asleep.
Irene’s voice enters his mind again.
“Yes.” John's tone is absolutely feral. “God,
John freezes. “Sherlock—“
Sherlock's throat goes dry. He can't remember a time since they've been here that he's felt John's touch.
John taps his fingers on the table nervously. “I, erm. Through the Strand, I guess. He makes the best Old Fashioned in Boston. I speak from experience.”
John finally turns. "How do you know?"
Sherlock’s chest swells with so much gratitude for his friend that he can’t contain it. Perhaps it's because of Brook’s words, or the suspense of their case, or the nostalgia of another year coming to a close—but whatever it is, this moment has a profound effect on him.
“And besides, John,” Sherlock continues casually. “As I’ve said before, women aren’t really my area.”
"Oh, John. You would never waste such fine wine."
“Yes,” Sherlock says. “You will.”
It all feels like a singular movement. The bag of ice falls to the ground. Sherlock reaches for John at the foot of the bed, pulling him into his lap. John wraps his legs around his waist, and their mouths find each other, starved for one another’s taste—hot and sweet, desperate and longing.
(See the end of the chapter for
John’s mouth falls slightly open. “I didn’t even...”
He raises an eyebrow out of curiosity, but reaches into his pocket and hands it to her. She takes it, presses a few of the buttons, and passes it back.
John’s expression remains blank. “No. I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
But one thing stands out to John more than anything else: the way she looks at William. It’s a look that John knows well. It’s the same way his grandfather would look at his gram before he passed. It’s the look that Clara gave his sister on the day of their wedding. It’s the look that Sarah gave to the man wearing the suit and tie as they left the bar the other night.
But John doesn't seem to mind. He shuffles his body closer to his, and Sherlock holds his breath without meaning to.
William’s low, breathless noises are mostly unintelligible, but he very clearly moans that he wants John inside him. So John rises to his knees and aligns his hard, leaking cock with William’s opening. William shivers at the slightest touch, and John teases him, trailing the tip of his cock around the tight ring of skin.
"Ah, well. At least your dream version of me has relatively good taste."
“Why?!” John screams at Mary, although he doesn’t recognise his own voice. “Why would you hurt him, when you’ve sworn to protect him? He trusted you!”
Molly frowns. "…He’s got a what now?”
It’s 11:59, and William’s not here.
The nurse never comes that night. Apparently (though perhaps, also, fatefully), there was a mix up with the shifts. Someone definitely got fired over that little mishap.
The awkwardness has passed. Sherlock feels a huge wave of relief.
Sherlock stomps his feet tempestuously. "For God's sake, I will visit the station tomorrow, with bells on, and sign the bloody document! Just leave us—"
He picks up the card, gingerly pulling it from the envelope, and he reads it. Then he rereads it. And then he rereads it again.
Grudgingly, Sherlock pulls himself down from his seat upon the table and follows Brook from the laboratory.
“Yes.” The weight begins to lift itself from John’s chest. “Yes, yes, yes.”
"Your vitals are looking good, Doctor Watson," Gemma chirps. She seems to have blissfully ignored all of...whatever the hell that was. "Blood pressure is a tiny bit low, but nothing to worry over.” She pauses, looking down at her watch. “Hmmm. In the past thirty seconds, your heart rate has skyrocketed."
Sherlock exhales, relaxing into John's touch. "Is he watching?"
"Oh. You're right." Sherlock bows his head forwards to rest his cold cheek against John's. "This is much better. Thank you."
"Our wires are all wrapped together now, Sherlock," John says.
Doctor Molly Hooper, receiving her diploma upon commencement of her PhD. Molly was featured in Time Magazine's
It appears that John has suddenly grown fond of touching me. -SH
“She likes you as well, Molly,” she says. “Thinks you’ve got a great smile. Talks a lot about how brilliant you are.”
"Why haven’t you?"
“John isn’t sleeping in my bed.” He leans in to get a better view of the large intestine Molly is examining. “Should he be sleeping in my bed?”
John lifts his eyebrows. "Funnnnn."
And what would happen to them if he finally did? What would happen if the alcohol lowered his inhibitions, and he gave in to what he longed to do? If they fell into bed, laughing and tipsy? Would Sherlock wrap his arms around John's waist? Lay his head on his chest, his fingers crawling over his cheeks and though his soft hair?
When the small talk ends, however, and things heat up between the two women— he’s less thankful. He tries not to let their murmuring words of desire and vivid descriptions of sexual scenarios affect him. He sort of wants to slump down in his chair—he’s in public, and it’s not the time or the place to become aroused by the sounds of two women having sex.
“Around May, the doctors told us it looked rather grim. The only option was to try out some more experimental procedures.”
Sherlock clears his throat and summons the nerve to continue speaking. “Apologies for the interruption, sir. There must have been a mistake. I’ll leave you to your texts.”
“Um. Okay.” John takes the computer. “...And then what?”
But tonight, as nervous as he is, he's thankful for Sherlock’s gift of gab. And he’s even more thankful when Sherlock gently retracts his fingers from his wrist and weaves them between his.
Brook holds up a hand. “Understood,” he says, his tone kind but firm. “But it’s not something we can entertain, and that’s all that needs to be said.”
He pulls his body from the floor, chest heaving, fists clenched with agony and rage. He hasn’t stopped shedding tears; although he knows Sherlock is alive, his heart has yet to catch up.
He especially misses them as John drags his tongue slowly over his own bottom lip, an action that’s nearly predatory. Sherlock is certain that those lips are going to assault him right then and there, in front of Lestrade and Mister Albany III, Esquire.
“About twenty-eight minutes.”
The two men board Mycroft’s jet to prepare for their departure. As they visit the loo to rinse off and change clothing, John excitedly tells Sherlock of the master scheme that led them all here. How he woke up to an empty bed after Moriarty kidnapped Sherlock in the middle of the night. How he reached out to Molly for help, and how Irene used her powers of influence to contact Moriarty immediately. How they agreed to deliver John to the Stratosphere in exchange for the safety of their loved ones. He and Sherlock would jump right before Moriarty’s eyes, Moriarty not knowing Molly’s device would save them; meanwhile, Irene would stay back to ensure he kept his word.
"Yes."
Sherlock exhales shakily. "That's good," he says. "Very good."
“Wow," John exhales. "This is...erm..."
The back door of The Strand, which, only hours before, was covered in dark red letters, has been completely painted over with thick, black paint.
“Shouldn’t you, erm...Get going?” John asks.
Why did he say it? Because those four words, passed from his mouth to John's ear, are the most sensual and erotic he's ever spoken. And the muted exhalation that comes from John wraps his soul in a warmth that's thicker than any blanket; takes him to a high that's higher than any opiate.
Irene is completely wrong. It’s not a date, and John is not in love with him.
He turns onto his belly, and without a second wasted, John is kissing him in all of the right places. Sherlock frots against the mattress, his cock growing even harder. “John,” he says, semi-desperate. “I’m not sure I can last very long.”
Over the back door of The Strand are three enormous letters. They're sprayed on in dark red paint, dripping down the wood like blood. The first letter—an
Mrs. Hudson is not wrong. Nobody is touching the wooden piece, but it’s drawing out long circular patterns on the board—as though controlled by an invisible force. Likely not by a ghost, however. Definitely not by a ghost. Ghosts aren’t real—and there are plenty of invisible forces that are real. Like static electricity and magnetism; like love and gravity.
He wanders around until he finds the bookshelf he's looking for; he skims through the books, but finds nothing of immediate interest.
John, who's also browsing the site on his phone, presses a link:
Sherlock leans away a bit, regarding him. John can see every piece of him, now. All that was broken before, which he has kept hidden, returning to the surface. He strokes the soft skin of Sherlock’s jaw, vowing that he will do all he can to put his broken pieces back together.
"The flat is on fire," Sherlock says casually on Friday, while sharing his bed with John.
Sherlock's breathing becomes deep and regular; it seems he's drifting off a bit. Even so, he continues to shiver, emitting low moans, clinging to John's fingers as if they're tethering him to Earth.
Sherlock wonders: what did he and John even
“Yes?”
John wraps an arm around his shoulder and kisses his cheek, and he gives in, as long as John keeps touching him like that. For a bit, William seems to actually enjoy the film, but within an hour he becomes needy and bored.
“On the rocks. Bitters, sugar, orange peel garnish. Why wouldn’t I?” William pulls out a glass and begins skilfully mixing the ingredients.
Merry Christmas.
”Good.” Donovan nods. “What should we call you?”
The sounds John makes—and the thickening beneath his waist—become a clear indication of his arousal. Sherlock always enjoys the stiffness in John's pants when they’re being intimate, even during the times he can't follow suit. And John knows this, obviously. So he clutches onto Sherlock's buttocks to control the rhythm of his movements, canting his own hips in a reciprocating motion.
"This is amazing," he whispers. "I can't believe I get to kiss you at a crime scene, Sherlock. And I can’t wait to kiss you in many, many more places."
Sherlock’s breath catches as John drives his body into his. He goes tense, buries his fingernails into John's shoulders until they prick his skin. John skillfully guides him, and with a shivering exhalation, Sherlock seats himself fully into his lap. Nothing separates them now; they share bodies and breaths and mouths and heartbeats.
John rolls his eyes. "No, Sherlock. I thought we could use it to make a tiramisu. Of course I'm suggesting that."
He raises a hand to knock, but before his knuckles reach the dark wood, it swings open.
Sherlock heaves a sigh of frustration, swooping up from his armchair. “Could you stop doing that?” he pleads.
