///////////////////////////////////////////////////////
‘Night Molly’
‘You knew we couldn’t skip this conversation.’ Mycroft has his left finger on his mouth, thinking, ‘He’s back then…’
“Nope”
‘I don’t know, but it doesn’t matter now,anyway.’
‘The furniture…is new, isn’t it?’ Turning toward Mycroft
‘You put on some weight, eh?’ Greg answers, cracking a laugh
‘No problem.’
‘So, Mr. Holmes, I’d be glad if you could come to our dinner party next Wednesday, as I already told before’
‘At Johnny Rockets’
But you need to face the truth, first. This is not a friendship. Don’t call it friendship, It has never been.’
Greg looks at him, astonished, his mouth almost gasping, not saying a word.
‘Can you see him?’ Greg asks softly.
‘This.'
‘Hey, are you laughing at me??This is just a legend, I didn’t put on weight, I’ve always been like this’
John smiles ‘Yes, sure…it would be easier to talk to him if Mary is not with me’
‘Goodnight.’
‘I simply didn’t understand why you suddenly stopped’
There’s a strong silent interrupted only by the music, that John turns suddenly off, huffing out.
Mycroft looks at John, rising his eyebrow.
"no!"
“That’s because you are not trying enough.”
Greg, Sherlock, John and Molly are having a night out at the pub. During the dinner, there are flashbacks about the week Sherlock passed during John's absence.
‘Sher..’
‘You’re right.’
Victor is sitting in front of the desk, his scarf on his hands, nervously joking with it. “...so....I can’t even try to....get in for the next four months?"
‘Yes,…Greg, sure I remember it…what’s wrong with it…?’
‘Can I try this chocolate tart, it looks delicious’ Mrs. Hudson reaches for the pastry.
////////////
‘We must go to Scotland Yard, Sherlock. Lestrade wants all of us!’ Mary shouts toward Sherlock’s room.
Lowly, Sherlock confesses, ‘Yes.’
Sherlock hints at smile, surprised ‘You remember it?’
Greg raises his head, trying to mumble words in his defense, but doesn’t succeed in it.
Mycroft cries, shaking ‘I’m sorry. I was scared, Sherlock. I missed her like mad, and we didn’t have any fault’
From : Sherlock
'Drebber and John Rance. Miscommunication, the worst disease in a love relationship’
‘Hey!’ chirps a rather shocked John.
The bathtub is almost full when Mycroft turns the water off, the bubbles leaving a fresh vanilla scent like that of a freshly made cake.
John turns to Sherlock and stares at him determinedly..
‘No, I can’t, I can’t take time to my work doing these things, it’s not useful, how can you not understand, it’s so simple’
Mary smiles knowingly.
‘He looks like a young  full of complexes collegiate boy who’s hiding his fiancé and runs away shouting to his mum that she doesn’t understand him’
‘Lest?---‘ frowning at him ‘trudel?’
‘Good!’ he smiles. ‘Do you want to see how I cook it? It’s really simple and beautiful’
John smiles to her while coming down the stairs.
Greg: ‘Yeah, but she couldn’t be sure it worked, you know, it’s hard to get those names’
“Sherlock....it’s not-
Silence.
To : Sherlock
‘It’s just this…it’s a favor…things have changed Greg’
“You didn’t tell him?”
‘He’s dangerous!!’ Mycroft walks toward the bedroom door, shouting ‘Where are you going? You need to stay here and have some rest’
‘I had it when I thought he was dead. I don’t have it anymore!’
Late afternoon. John is sitting on a chair, in front of Ella. He gazes sternly at his therapist.
‘Sherlock.’ John sits down next to Molly, but she stands up to give him some space. John scoots closer to the prone consulting detective. ‘How do you feel?’ he takes Sherlock’s hand, ‘You’re cold.’
"You want to kill me, why? The police is on your way, everyone is looking for you, you're dead, Seraphita. The game is over."
"I'm Patricia."
‘Yes, you have. Now stop pretending everything is as it was before.’ Sherlock fiercely insists.
‘What?’ John steps back unconsciously, ‘No!’
‘THIS IS A FUCKING PEN GREG!I TOLD YOU TO GET A MARKER! A MARKER! I MUST PUT THIS FUCKING NEEDLE IN HIS HEART! IT MUST BE PRECISE!’
FROM: JOHN
‘Well, maybe he just went inside for a chat? Maybe he’ll be out really soon?’
‘I liked him because he had that…charming manners…and I believe he was interesting, too…I saw him reading a kind of…old scrapbook he kept, with words and sketches and polaroids….’
Greg understands John is telling something important, getting closer to him, listen carefully.
‘It’s getting worse, it seems like it’s getting to snow soon’ Molly replies
‘Yeah, this man is another big trouble’ Greg comments
‘Taxi!’ John shouts.
John goes outside and gets in the car.
‘He even went out to buy the pirate biscuits that Sherlock likes.’
‘I’m not...it’s not your fault! It’s not my fault! I made a choice!’
‘What do you know about him?’ Sherlock says as Tanaka and his knife lift up the tile piece.
16 : 13
Suddenly John wakes up, he’s in Baker Street, in Sherlock’s bed.
While the group is leaving, Tanaka kneels down on the ground and simultaneously flips out a knife, which he uses on a tile. Sherlock watches him intently, ‘Adair met a man, Sebastian Moran, the day he died, and he’s probably the one who killed him.’
Sherlock stares at John, discharging false laughter.
‘He is also using an alias.’
Silent.
‘Who?’
‘Mmmm,’ Sherlock hums in agreement, which worries John.
Stevie Wonder??? Seriously?
(4:26 pm)
‘Oh Jesus…’ The man timorously laughs, hand brushing through his windswept tresses.
Sherlock frowns, still stoned and confused, searching in the box through Victor’s stuff. He takes Elvis’s vinyl and finds a pen drive inside it, hen takes the laptop and quickly reads the usb, where he finds an audio file:
We urgently need you
‘My sister..’
‘Myke! Myke! Myke!’
‘This is it!’ Greg utters excitedly.
“Yes”
‘I don’t care what you think, I’ll increase the level of security at +4, plus I told father about this and he’s constantly worried abo-‘
Suddenly they all stare at Sherlock bewildered ‘You went to the cinema???’ Greg asks, adding a surprised laugh, John sips a glass of water
John paused, shocked at his best friends words, but then finally roused himself to speak when he realized his mouth was hanging open. ‘Umm...Yes….Sherlock. Uh, I’m okay...I...'
‘All his patients were legals!!! Now go away, you’re making my job harder to do, get out or I’ll call the police’
‘Who is it?’ John asks.
‘Did you tell Sherlock to bring the cake?’
‘Ahhh…yes,….when we all got drunk..’
Mrs. Hudson walks back in with a breakfast tray. ‘Anyone want a pirate biscuit?’
‘Your dad’s waistcoast’ Sherlock comments.
Sherlock lowers his voice to a whisper, ‘you both cannot wait...to…to... ‘ but decides not to finish the sentence with his landlady present.
"I don't fucking care! I'm leaving you, I'm leaving London, everything, I've been waiting much too long."
I'm not that chained up little person still in love with you,
Silent.
‘I don’t have time now! Adair left Tanaka a message. Obviously, some sort of code, to make him understand where the clues to solve his murder are left.’
Sherlock doesn't answer, looking at Victor, still crying and hugging Sarah’s sister, then she turns to Sherlock, weeping “You promised me....”
‘What? lowering his head, and looking through the spy-hole. He can’t see anything, then comes back trying to open the door, but it’s still closed.
“She wasn’t like that...before Sherlock arrived. She was...a woman like any other. Then Sherlock arrived and..BOOM! surprise! always detached and ready to pack. She didn’t even turn up in Baker Street after the shooting...But it’s not this...it’s not about us, I’m talking about the case! I’m worried she could....she could know something and she doesn't say anything because I’m close to Sherlock,..because she’s afraid I could reveal something to him...I’m..probably ranting and raving-"
‘Eh – hi!’ He anxiously exclaims.
‘I dunno, he was here two minutes ago. Maybe he went into the toilet?’ John answers leaning back into the plush cushions, but then decides he better go check on his friend, and lurches towards the back of the club.
“You can’t do anything, anymore. We’re loosing, Mycroft. Let’s face it.” Sherlock answers, dejected.
TO : Sherlock
‘SHERLOCK’S DYING! HE TOOK DRUGS! GET OVER HERE NOW!’
The woman takes the phone, calling the police.
To: Sherlock
‘There are so many reporters outside, Sherlock, someone even treated to interview me’ Mrs. Hudson leans against the table, eating another strawberry. ‘ I said I couldn’t, I was in my dressing gown, and I wasn’t even wearing make-up! ‘
Greg finally arrives at the door of the club.
Mycroft: ‘I know, Sebastian gave you the drugs’
Mycroft closes the door: “I presume you have questions for me.”
The silence returns.
They walk out of the bathroom together, see Greg waiting near the exit door, and he walks toward them ‘Are you okay, Sherlock?’
‘He always arrived when we were making love, what a drag!…I bet he already spied on you.’ he asks laughing
They all sit.
John smiles ‘Yes Ms. Mary…tonight I’m going to tell him….’
Sherlock's hand and ear lean on the bathroom door, eavesdropping.
‘Guys, could we please stop it, it really doesn’t matter, does it?’ Greg tries to settle the dust, smiling.
‘He's a professor. At University…’
A big truck is outside Baker Street. Inside Mrs Hudson supervises workmen lumbering new furniture, directing them to the living room.
‘I’m bringing an adrenaline shot, just keep him awake until I’m there.’
FROM: JOHN
Sherlock sighs annoyed ‘It would have taken you ages!'
‘Good. He’s gone.’ Sherlock says softly.
“But...you can just drop by and have a look, just to listen to our poems..You also wrote one! Why don’t you read it?”
“You're out of your mind John”
Wow, what a wise man you are! My compliments! He said I’m full of myself. Can you believe that? Me?’ John looks at Mary, a nervous laugh erupting from deep in his throat. He imitates him, talking with a French accent,
“You had to...tell me something? Why you called me? I’m here...”
‘No! Sherlock!’
‘Hey!’ John beckons him into the kitchen.
‘Mycroft sent me a message’ he whispers.
FROM : Mycroft
Silent.
He opens it, and goes toward the table, surfing on Twitter while chatting on whatsapp with Lestrade
'Sherlock' Greg takes a long breath, than looks at John ‘Let’s come back at Reichenbach just for a moment, ok? When you didn’t know Mary, when Sherlock was still alive’
Victor looks shocked ‘Daniel?? He....he couldn’t do such a horrible thing,..he’s a good guy.’
‘Yes, I came in and found a man in his apartment, I didn’t know who he was.’
‘Greg, Grant, it’s the same’
JL : You’ve heard then…….come in.
Greg’s phone rings. “Mike” he whispers.
TO : John
‘Vodka martini, extra dirty.’
John is sitting, his coat on, hands resting on the shoulders of the bench. The dull green pint is scratched and scarred by years of mistreatment. John’s fingernails scrape scraps off, as he waits. He sits, watching the other people mull about their daily days. From afar a long and thin figure appears, coming toward him. Sherlock walks with his hands on the coat’s pocket, turning around with his head down, covering himself in the coat. When he arrives, walking slowly toward the bench, he refrains from looking at John. He sits silently, eyes fixated on all other beings but the man by his side.
‘And….?’
‘Sherlock, are you alright? Did you and your brother have a bit of a row?’
Mycroft’s eyes stray from Lestrade’s figure, staring instead at the cracks in the pavement. His lips purse, as a sullen smirk attempts to overcome his grumpily hunched frame. Mycroft murmurs to himself, listening intently to Greg’s steps, ‘If only it were that easy.’
‘Who’s this?’
Everyone begins to crackle with laughter. Greg’s face turns into an annoyed smile.
‘At least one day!’
‘While you were out with Greg’ she smiles ironically at both men.
‘It’s the only one you have here!’
FROM : GL
‘Are you…angry with me?’
“So he left the case? Sherlock???”
He starts rubbing Sherlock’s dick faster
John takes a long breath, sipping more beer ‘Oh my god…’
‘Why?’ Victor pops out the kitchen, leaning against the door with a spoon in his hand.
‘Do you watch it, too??’ Greg suddenly seems amazed and surprised
Sherlock smiles “Ehi..”
“..I want to talk to her...I have to save Sherlock’s life”
Sherlock stands for a while, then follows him, running down the stairs.
‘I know. He told me.’
‘It doesn’t seem like a womans handwr-‘
John rushes downstairs and opens the door.
John turns back to the barman ‘How many drinks has he had?’
‘Yes, that one Mary gave us before didn’t work’ Sherlock answers not looking John into his eyes, just keeping eating.
She notices a book on the table, The Little Prince, then looks at both Greg and John “Is it Sherlock’s?”
‘Yes, we broke up yesterday.’
‘What’s wrong with him?’
‘Forget it, let’s just downstairs, I’ve found Woodley!’
How’s the night going? :) I miss you!
He looks right and swerves, ‘Oh, John!’
He’s up on Sherlock, his knees on the bed, both legs between Sherlock’s body ‘Have you read my poetry?’
‘no, come on, we still have some street to do before coming back home’
FROM : SH
He stands still for a while, his hands on the table, glancing at up at the pair of them grinning.
‘<<In this outer moment, in which my feelings are finally showing, I would like to stop the time,….to be able to love you once more, and lock in this infinitesimal world’s gap your image>>…….nice’
‘Where to?’
Mary: 'And funny.'
FROM : Mary
Victor: “There are two kinds of happiness: the happiness you don’t expect, the one that suddenly catch you up on some idle Friday afternoon. This kind of happiness makes you so happy that the feeling lasts even after the experience itself. Usually, the best experiences of happiness are the ones who leave you something inside you, that makes you want to change something of your life, like an epiphany saying ‘ehi, that’s how your life could be, so why don’t you change it?’ that moment of happiness gives you the key, and from that moment you just need to open the door and change the root of your life forever.
Sherlock takes another biscuit.
‘You need to tell us more about it later’
‘Nuittt.’
‘Yes, probably. I honestly don’t know what’s wrong with it, we’re all having a good chat and you’re the only one who doesn’t answer to the questions.’
Mrs. Hudson ‘Did you meet him at university?’
Brando suddenly gets off the sofa, going toward Victor, licking his leg. He suddenly stops playing, than turns toward the fireplace and looks at the clock ‘It’s five, already’ stretching his arms and yelling ‘que fais tu, cherì?’ he asks to Sherlock.
‘What’s there inside?’
‘Not the same suit, Sherlock! We’ll each have our own suits, but of the same style!’
‘Oh god…’ He huffs out, annoyed
Mycroft ‘Why do you avoid him?’
‘I know nothing about him! What are you doing?? Tell him Sarah!!’
‘How do you feel?’ John ventures timidly.
“Yes, I did..but..I don’t think that’s appropriate right now, after what happened...there’s the dean too, he wouldn’t approve it.”
‘Sure’ she smiles.
‘He…umm… wanted me to. He had to meet up with this dude, and he wanted my help to….’
‘I had! My family, my father left everything to me, he was rich, Sherlock knows it, please, Sherlock tell them!’
‘It’s about…a man’ he pours more wine to both glasses
The cab arrives.
Sherlock, shouting ‘For the last time, ME AND JOHN WEREN’T TOGETHER BEFORE REICHENBACH, OK??’
‘Did you go to Mr. Parker’s pub last night?’
‘I was just asking.’ John says.
Mrs. Hudson is putting the kitchen in order. ‘The mess you made, Sherlock!’
Greg “So he didn’t move away....he’s still in Baker Street.”
I told Myke everything.
Greg turns
From: ALARM SYSTEM
‘I’ll be out for work, John, I already told you.’ Sitting on the sofa, dejected ‘But you probably forgot it..’
He turns toward Sherlock, smiling nervously, walking towards him
‘Did he know anything?’ Greg questioned up at him?
"John-"
‘Really?’
‘Yeah, it’s easy, we don’t need anything special to stay all together and have a good chat, and Sherlock would be with all of us, finally’
Greg frowns, shocked and surprised, not sure about her intentions. “And what about the Holmes brothers?...and John?”
‘I love the colors in this one’
‘Molly’
‘Yes,’ John says. ‘I thought it was better, you know, you can’t walk around without knowing what you’re seeing, and it’s also useful because they tell you which zones are safer than others, and what to eat, or not to eat as the case may be.’
‘What did he say?’
John is still staring at Sherlock, who looks embarrassed, and mumbles again. ‘We…emmm. Yes, we should go now.’ He runs back into the bedroom, and grabs his coat.
To : John
Sherlock slowly goes toward the living room, sitting on the sofa
‘…And then we arrived and Mr. Holmes was grabbing her by the shirt, the woman was in shock—‘
‘Sometimes I overestimate you.’
“Jesus it was disgusting!"
‘I was an idiot, I didn’t respect him. I had a bad impression of him, and I thought you were just acting...I didn’t know you could...feels things...that way.’
‘How are you, Sherlock?’ Lestrade asks curtly.
TO : GL
"But how could we face it? Kitty Riley, the cameras in the house, Moriarty!.. I was waiting for the storm to pass! I didn't want to rush it...It was something important for me, I wanted to take things slowly...I thought we could solve the Reichenbach case, I was waiting for it to be over to talk to you...and settle everything! But you died!!"
‘Yes...’
John ‘no no no no no no no NO!’
‘Good! What do you want?’
‘If you look at his agenda you’ll just find boring appointments and names of his patients’
Sherlock opens his eyes slowly and turns toward John, who sits down on the bed gingerly. He takes off the wet towel, and places a hand on his forehead. ‘It’s getting better’
‘Uh…nothing… they’re just talking,’ John’s staring attentively into the pub.
‘Greg, I’ve just come back. I—I don’t know anything about Sherlock’s life from the past two years, and….yes, while I’ve come back to work with him, he doesn’t talk to me. You know him, you know he, he just…’
‘… I was angry…… and I…I said that he should stop hanging out with Sherlock, that….if he risked his life he had his faults, too….’ John takes a long breath, still looking at the tea, thinking ‘but now I think he was right.’
‘Fear that weʼre going to be attacked’ Sherlock adds
‘Sherlock, I’m just calling to let you know, that I can’t go with you tomorrow. I’m sorry’
From : Greg
‘I’m sorry I didn’t know. I mean...why?’
They stumble into the living room, John gently pushes Sherlock away, untangling their limbs. The taller man steps quickly toward the sofa, and flops down on, face-first into a cushion. While John, now exhausted, takes in a deep breath.
Sherlock turns slowly over, takes a deep breath, and screws up his eyes,
He turns back.
‘<<8/10/96, hour: 8:00 am, at the parlour with Sherlock and Carl, making breakfast with coffee, tea, and croissants>>’ then Sherlock whispers ‘…parlour?’
Greg's phone rings.
Sherlock looks at him, panting, not answering, opening the door and going away. John turns, laughing ruefully.
‘Okay, okay – shush. Go to sleep.’ Mary huffs, as John says this. She rolls away from him, closing her eyes one more.
Sherlock nods ‘They spy on us.’
John smiles with the satisfaction of ‘getting’ to Sherlock, as they both board the cab.
‘The t-shirt.’ He manages to spit out, phlegm following. Eyes shut, thinking. His hands clench around the shirt, thinking. He takes a long breath. As the carbon dioxide leaves him, John hurries to the living room. Mycroft’s phone rings.
JW 22:48
‘Okay…..it’s just you and me, now’ looking at the bathroom door
John and Greg look at each other uncertainly, but disregard the hardness of Mycroft’s attitude and take the inhabiting the living room. John takes up his place in a familiar armchair, as Greg lounges on the sofa. Staring at the floor, eyes peeled back, John nervously clenches his hands together. Still, he is shocked. Thinking made him all the more terrified, but as a silence dominated the flat, thinking was all he could manage to do.
Sherlock’s phone rings again, ‘Anyone wants dessert?’ faking a smile.
‘Wait-why?’
‘Did he have another drink or…anything else?’
‘John! JOHN!’ Sherlock shouts as he walks over and lightly grabs his shoulder and leans into him.
‘What the hell is this Hannibal?’
John sighs audibly, ‘the wedding, Sherlock- the wedding!’
‘Look…he signed up with his real name,’ Sherlock interrupts the exchange and gestures to the  booking form.
Sherlock laughs, getting what Victor means ‘It was nice’
Sherlock turns again, the sheet now is up his hip, he puts his arm under the head ‘Come on, publish them’
‘Really? They even brought you breakfast?’
‘I remember it…and I always got angry with you about it when you made it me notice’
TO: JOHN
TO: SHERLOCK
‘But you wouldn’t look good thin, I mean, I couldn’t imagine you slim, I think you’re perfect as you are!’ Molly answers
‘So, you should understand that I’m busy too sometimes. You know I have a wife. Am I asking too much of you?’
The sound of a siren is heard throughout the bar.
John nods, thinking.
‘A news alert?’ Mycroft asks, peering at Sherlock, who takes a long breath, thinking.
‘Well, me too!’
Greg attempts, fumbling over his words.
‘Hi. Is Mycroft in?’
‘Involved in the case!’
‘I don’t want the newspapers headers all about Sherlock tomorrow morning.’ He explains.
‘And once you do, push down on the plunger.’
' You already brought him into your world, you can't escape your own nature."
“Mrs Hudson..what happened?”
‘He knew how these things worked. He wanted somebody smart enough to kill Moran, split the loot, and then fly away.’
‘I think I should go, or I’ll be late, sorry.’
Greg looks at John, who is now gulping his wine.
TO : Mary
Sherlock rises his head slowly, looking at his brother, face threating.
‘That was enough!’
John ‘Sherlock, wha…‘
counting some….details…’
‘He could give us some answers, you know.’
'What did you tell him?.... Oh okay,nothing. Well, I’ll talk to you later.'
‘The company even added his face for the approval this morning. The biscuits have arrived just a few moments ago in fact. Would you like to see them?’
Victor puts the cup of coffee on the window sill ‘Love is a dangerous thing, sometimes’ He stands up, going toward the kitchen ‘Poor Rance..I can’t imagine how his life is going to be now’
John gives Greg the phone ‘TALK TO HIM OR I’LL KILL HIM!’
‘Greg! Yes, we’re here. There’s a long queue, I don’t know if—okay,okay.’ John turns toward Sherlock, ‘he’s coming.’
There are cereals, too…would you like them?
‘Exactly! And we both realized that we took the wrong bus so we get off at Tottenham, where soon after we greeted each other, and for the first time in my life I had the courage to ask him the phone number, and he gave it to me!’
I feel good, and I'm bored. Let's get into trouble.
‘Yeah, I know. I’m not saying it’ll be like the old days. I just wanted to let you know that we personally missed you and...,I mean you don’t have to follow him everywhere, like before. You can…have your time. Your life, and when he needs you, you can just give him an hand, right?’
‘KuClub!’
‘You know brother...how I assured myself that the cctv weren’t put in your bedroom, for privacy. But I soon found myself regretting to have place them in the living room, too...buI knew it was all done to simply showing off, you really are trying to have a life since John left, taking Victor as an excuse to show the world you can have someone by your side, too.’
Silent. Mycroft looks at his brother with an odd calm look on his face.
‘Good Morning John!’
“What?” Sherlock frowns.
FROM : SH
John “Sure. And he got the proof with the news of Sarah.”
"you're drunk.." Sherlock comments, hoping he doesn't mean a word he says.
‘John-Dear, I’m sleeping!’ she shouts, clutching tightly to the pillow beneath her head.
From : Sherlock
On the BBC Channel a reporter is inside 221A Baker Street. Mrs. Hudson is sitting on a chair with her legs crossed, hands folded nervously.
‘When people die they leave their na-’
John, still faking a laugh, leaving Scotland Yard with Greg. 'A....surprise...party...??? Greg..come on!!!'
‘They’re good.’
‘The shot at John by Daniel?’
Back in the reception hall, Mary’s friends are laughing, and joking with her and John. The orchestra is playing a marvelous set, and most of the guests are dancing and drinking with vigor. The atmosphere is positively electric with happiness.
‘The tiger is a sign! Moran has something related to it. Maybe it’s how he’s called by the gang.
‘Okay…let’s analyze things without shouting to each oth—
John “He’s not in love with him! He’s using him!! That’s....” grinning “...incredible...really! it is...!"
Tanaka drops into a nearby chair with resignation. ‘He was a friend of mine.’
Lestrade put his hands over his reddening face, attempting to hide his mirth.
TO: SHERLOCK
‘You know…..’ turning toward Sherlock, looking down ‘before moving here I’ve been travelling in London for weeks.’
Sherlock fakes a nervous laugh ‘just because a man has feminine mannerisms it doesn’t mean he’s gay’
. Greg smiles, laughing embarrassed 'Eh,..Gavin...' Trying to ease the tension.
“It was a disaster. A complete disaster. I’m not blaming you..I’m just saying it was an error..me trying to come back to him and...then Victor, and....” he takes a long breath, dejected “you know it, I don’t have to tell you the whole story...” John turns, looking at the bag. “you know what? Maybe I shouldn't sleep here, sorry". Suddenly John takes his bag, going toward the door.
‘No, they aren’t, they are artistic, you always say nude is artistic so what’s the problem with it?’ Sherlock replies annoyed
They’re dancing in the living room, the dark surrounds the room except for the fireplace that adds a soft light on the left side of the room. A clear white light comes from the window, it’s the moon: it comes across the room reaching the floor, going through the curtains. The record player is on.
Suddenly, an sms on Sherlock's phone gets John's attention, he takes the phone, reading the message:
TO: LESTRADE
‘My compliments Inspector,’ Mycroft says with his irritation evident.
Greg, looking at Sherlock’s pc: ‘How does this bloody thing work? Can you tell me?’
John nods affirmatively at her.
‘Ahhhhh’ in chorus
John looks astonished at Molly ‘….you…you’re saying somebody wrote also a book about us???’
-----------------
‘Yes,….sure….see you later!’ When he goes toward the stairs to greets at him, he’s already out.
! That’s the problem Sherlock’
‘Can I stay here tonight?’
‘Did you like this play? I made it for you.’
‘DID YOU KNOW THAT JOHN-’
‘I shall prepare a bath for you.’ Mycroft gently states. Sherlock nods, eyelids closing. His body sways slightly, but he remains tall rather than slumping against his pillows.
The man looks around, rolling his eyes as he catches a nosy neighbor peeking out from behind netted curtains. John walks toward him, shoulders hunched intimidatingly and a madness simmering in his wide-eyed gaze.
Mycroft is checking his phone, they both don’t talk.
The insult draws sharp laughter from Sherlock, and the tension is immediately diffused as all three grown men devolve into a fit of giggles.
‘AND I LEARNED HOOWWW TO GET ALOOONG.’
Brando turns toward Victor, barking at him ‘No...’ Sherlock comments ‘He’s playing now, he can’t bring you out,’ caressing him on the head, then comes back lying on the sofa, sketching on the moleskine, drawing a little more. Brando stands next to him, watching him.
‘Huh?’
‘You got your vaccines, right?’ Molly asks Mary.
‘I don’t want everyone to know our honeymoon was a disaster because of Sherlock’
‘you think?’ sipping more wine
Greg ‘And what about the tape? It’s the most important proof, we could easily solve the case with it’
‘Well, your performance wasn’t better than mine. You even stumbled around the stage with your eyes closed!’
‘Sherlock, what’s-?’
‘Yes’
‘It’s up to you, Sherlock. Everyone’s invited you home; decide which house you will sleep at tonight. Any of them, except this one, for God’s sake!’
‘We must find his heart!’ Greg comments, behind John.
‘She’s probably in a pub drinking with her friends…she asked me if you’ll come with me at the wedding’
‘What desserts are there?’ John asks, looking at Sherlock
He gets closer to him, smiling, excited about the discussion he’s going to take.
‘Sebastian?’
Greg “ You think she didn’t know what Daniel was up to? Do you think she didn’t know he was involved in this case?"
To : Greg
‘I see’
‘Yes?’ Molly asks surprised
And you'll see me, somebody new,
‘All right all right’ he turns the phone off, then starts walking quickly
instead of
‘Call her and tell her you’ll be back later!’
The man grunts, shifting his shoulders. He lightly stumbles back, voice carried by the wind, ‘I’m…’
‘Yes, he said he was busy with someone else…’
"The tape you kept behind the painting at the hotel....and now I want to tell you a story. Just to check if you've got good memory. Three years ago the Moriarty's web planned to kill me and share the money the Russian spies were ready to give you once the case was closed. But when I faked my death, only one of the gang got arrested, Ronald Adair, and he didn't reveal the name of the other accomplices to the police. Two days later, the police found a body burnt dead, and a credit card with your name next to it, so the police assumed it was you. But your gang knew it wasn't you, but another collaborator, Duran. While Adair was in jail, Duran disappeared, and someone spread the news that you were dead. Hard to think it was a coincidence. You knew there was a good surgeon that could help you change your identity. And a month after Duran's disappearance, the surgeon was killed by a truck on the street. The universe is rarely so lazy. When Adair went out of prison, he came back to London to meet his collaborator, Moran, to have his money back. Adair found Moran, but Moran had another face, and another name. But the same killer instinct,...and unfortunately, Adair found himself with a stab in the back. And I'm sure that Seraphita Sebastian Moran is in front of me right now."
Mrs Hudson, curiously, asking Sherlock ‘Does he write poems for living, dear?’
‘Moran,’ Sherlock replies, as he walks around the office, gesticulating. ‘He did all this because we were proceeding well, he wanted to warn me, he wanted to draw the attention of the media to mess up everything. The media confuse, they…. create fictions…they change words…he wanted to stop me because I was getting too close to him.’
‘…And he’s coming for you, anyway’Sherlock insists from the bedroom
‘Sorry, I don’t believe I quite understand what you are implying.’ The man easily expresses, though he nervously shuffles the books in his arm. He clutches them more tightly to his chest, as John does not move away.
He smiles
JOHN : He was great, and…I can’t think about all the times he-
‘Are you sure, you’re okay?’
“Victor...why don’t you ask for Lestrade’s help?”
‘What kind of list?’
“Professor Trevor, I want to thank you for everything you’ve done for us. We are all shocked, and we know you don’t have any fault in the case, we hope Sarah and Daniel will come back home soon.”
TO: SHERLOCK
Sherlock looks at him going away….but notices a shadow from the other side of the sidewalk.....
‘Wh-‘
‘Oh, I understand.’
‘No! I won’t take those pills again, I don’t need them’
“Probably he’s coming after you.”
‘No, I wasn’t, I genuinely enjoyed it, but you can’t ask me to go to a wedding with you now, we’re not….a….couple!!'
‘I’m fine, thanks’
“I came here for you!"
‘You had to let me stay! What am I doing here??’ Sherlock asks angrily.
‘I mean, you didn’t tell me you were getting married now!’
‘No I haven’t Sherlock, I’m al-’
‘Okay, we could have tested the new furniture’
Sherlock laughs “and I brought it to you in front of the fireplace while you were reading.”
‘I knew you needed it, and I arranged to have it completed quickly. That’s all!’ She hands the sheet to Sherlock, and he pulls his mouth into a small and tight smile that does not reach his eyes.
‘Well, you couldn’t wait to open it I see’ Sherlock replies a bit annoyed.
Without any obvious indication, the group separates. Three go toward the left, Sherlock and another man head right, they all wave each other off, and walk towards their opposite destinations. Sherlock shouts something to the others, they turn and answer, and then go away. Sherlock totters toward the street, when the man next to him runs toward him, Greg and John can hear him say ‘hey, wait!!!’ while laughing. ‘Come on, there’s the street, wait up!’
He laughs ‘bonne nuit!’ Bonjour means Good morning, Bonne nuit means Goodnight.’
‘I said delete it!’
‘Come on’ Looking at him, trying to understand what’s going on ‘You know you can talk to me’
Finally, something useful flashes through his brain...
Tanaka’s eyes go wide, and he sucks in a breath, unmoving in reply.
John turns to him, confused ‘..Who?’
‘It’s my fault.’
To: Victor
"No...no...it's me."
‘No, it’s not, I found it interesting’ Sherlock comments
JL : He liked you. He was always so amiable whenever you came by wasn’t he?   So kind.
‘While you’re looking for it Sherlock’s dying on the floor! You’ll never find it in all that mess! I’ve been telling him to clean his stuff for months, and-‘
‘I don’t know.’
“No, I can’t Sherlock..and they wouldn't take me, anyway. They closed my winery, too...I don’t think I’ll be able to stay here longer than a couple of months. I have to leave London.”
‘You thought I didn’t know they were spying on me.’
‘He disassembled and assembled the whole room in one night. He must be a carpenter. And he was looking for something’
Sherlock shouts "John!"
‘At what?’ Sherlock suddenly asks
‘No! I’m not his baby-sitter, he’s responsible for his actions, and I’m not his brother’s puppet either. If he wants to go out and get drunk- let him do it. We all have done it once in a while.’
Sherlock: ‘I take beef burger with chips, beef and bacon’
‘He’s a petty thief.’
Sherlock takes the mug John hands to him with a terse ‘Thank you’ and a small smile.
‘Sorry, but what did he tell you?’
Sherlock wants chocolate milk and biscuits.
They don't move, sitting on their chairs in front of each other, in silent.
16 : 21
They quickly run past the crown and the barriers toward a waiting taxi. The press, and the crowd attempts to follow them, until the cab leaves them all behind.
I’m going to have lunch at James’ establishment
Suddenly Mycroft starts coughing while touching his stomach, his face turns red, suffering. Greg stands up “Myke, you need help?"
‘I didn’t mean this…I could just say you’re a friend of mine, what’s the problem?’
Thinking he’s taking the piss, Greg shrugs of the hand, ‘Get off, you’re drunk!’
"It's set in the Victorian era. Sherlock Holmes is a superhero, and just all like all the heroes, he has an alter ego."
‘John’
Victor ‘I don’t know...I don’t know who he is..’ shaking.
‘You’ll sleep at home tonight, it’s for your safety.’
‘Yes, I know, but he’s also good at making money appear out of nowhere.’
‘We need to… clarify things.’ John sighs, eyes moistening, ‘We don’t talk properly. You know what I’m referring to.’
‘Interesting, can I see it?’
‘I am just checking. Everything is okay, don’t worry.’
‘Don’t be fool, I don’t think you’re stupid, I simply think you’re not interested in these things…and that you do not…..understand these kind of….emotions, troubles….’
‘I’m astonished you were even capable of following me with your CCTV since that night you were, again, busy having dinner with Lestrade and the Minister, but sadly he was locked in my bathroom thanks to your brilliant alarm system program, trying all the possible password combinations, he didn't want to miss dinner with his 'Myke' Sherlock looks at his brother with a cheeky smirk, John tries to hold the laugh.
Sherlock stares at him, huffing out
FROM : Donovan
‘yes, yes, please more, more’
John takes a long breath, ‘yes.’
TO: JOHN
She covers her mouth with her hand, shaking.
Victor “ I don’t know..I don’t think. She didn’t tell me,....she was worried and wanted me to warn the colleagues, to spread the word.."
FROM: JOHN
‘Because it’s boring, useless, and….what I have to do with your sister?’
‘I don’t have...‘
Sherlock strides in and makes a beeline for Greg, he finds the D.I. sitting back at the table, a drink in his hand and an assassin’s smirk on his face.
‘I hope so, we could proceed looking into the surgery.’
‘Look down, yes, like that’ He’s standing up on the bed, taking pics with the Polaroid, Sherlock is naked under the sheets, playing with his hands on his hair
He tickles him more, Sherlock starts laughing
‘It’s still dangerous, Sherlock!’ Mycroft replies firmly, raising his voice for emphasis.
‘No, we’ll make the East Tour, it’s Indri, Green, Nest of Dream, and Zahamena’ Mary says to Molly. ‘We decided on that part of the island because it’s very rich in fauna and flora, and because it’s where Madagascar has its rainforest.’
‘Mmm, why?’ he mumbles with a mouthful of biscuits.
‘Probably got a new one.’
“If you need anything you can contact me whenever you want. Good luck Mr. Holmes”
‘Only if you’re comfortable cooking twice the amount’ Sherlock replies.
‘What happened this morning? I heard you woke up early, I’m sure it was still dark outside’
‘HE’S HIS BROTHER OKAY? I DO WHAT SHERLOCK’S BROTHER TELLS ME.’
‘I want to have sex’
TO: JOHN
‘<<6/10/96, hour: 10:00 am; Alex leaves the class, the professor Morgan said ‘You…Alex…always going in the bathroom rolling joints…>>.’
‘Because we say adieau when we say goodbye to somebody and we don’t want to see him again for the rest of our life’
‘It was in Baker Street! In front of our---
Sherlock turns his head toward the left, as if he’s going to look closer at the polaroid, thinking. ‘It’s…strange….’
John stares at him, shocked, regretful.
‘John.’
‘No, no.’
TO : MH
‘and….he said me that I had to go to Sherlock’s house to….you know…check on him…’ he coughs, looking around, at the cab window, outside, turning the windscreen wiper on ‘this damn car glass is always so dirty, isn’t it?’
Greg “Leave it here, don’t worry.”
Mary and Molly walks out the corridor, finding John next to the wall, spliting wine, coughing ‘a sexual..???’
Sherlock shakes his head, as a blush creeps up his neck, and jerks a thumb towards the privèe section. John sighs, but relents, and when they arrive, they find Greg lounging on a sofa. John waves a ‘hello’, and Sherlock elegantly folds beside him.
‘What do you mean?’ John asks dubiously.
‘Lunch?’ Sherlock suggests smiling.
‘Like we did at the college?’
She thieves a look at the screen of his phone, holding it towards her tired eyes. She asks, voice thick with fatigue, ‘What is this?’
...........................
“Mycroft?”
And then there’s the second kind of happiness, the one you predict, a moment of happiness you plan, and you know it’ll arrive soon. In my opinion, this is the best kind of happiness: waiting for it. Usually, it last longer than the first kind of happiness, and it’s more beautiful to live the wait than obtain what you’ve waited for. You can taste each second, each minute, dreaming about it. Sadly, this kind of happiness lies on dreams and melancholy, because it’s more beautiful to wait and dream for it, than actually live the moment, because when the moment arrives you’re so caught by it that you don’t really understand what’s happening. And once you have happiness in your hands you don’t want it to slip away and you feel uncomfortable, because you want to enjoy the moment but you’re also scared it’ll past away soon.
Sherlock looks at his partner with a shy look and asks, “Is this good?”
“Okay, is that the whole reason you moved back to Baker Street?”
“John, as Sherlock said when he talked us into being your wingmen this evening, you’re out of mourning now and you must start to think of your future.”
“Giles, he said that the name must become positive in our family, and not a sort of cautionary name we take with us from generation to generation.”
“Is something wrong? Sherlock asks him in the cab on the way to Marcus.
John shakes his head, seeing the scene in his mind. Father had written so vividly about the event in his diary. He couldn’t understand how Hamish later in life could behave as he did against his own children with this experience behind him. He sighs and starts telling the rest of the story to Sherlock and Richard.
Richard was also surprised, but didn’t mind the invitation so shortly before the concert. Secretly he was relieved that Sherlock had made the first move to becoming friends for real this time. It made him more certain that Sherlock really wanted a friendship.
“This is your last warning! If you don´t leave your abnormal behaviour, we will kick you out!” The response comes quickly, “Yes Sir!”
“Yesterday Sherlock and I visited Marcus in the afternoon. It was hard meeting my Father's lover and go back to remembering my childhood and my mother’s suicide.” again he becomes silent. Restlessly moving his hands and left leg.
“I’ve written down my safe words and what I agree to do the first time we’re making love--because it won’t be sex for me.”
“I didn’t know that the Catholic Church marries same-sex couples?”
“Good morning, love! Coffees are made and on the kitchenette table.”
Having a room, even if he had to share it with a rather strange punk rocker kid, was like a breath of fresh air.
“I like being dominant sometimes, not surprising when you think of me normally not following other people’s orders. My sexual experiences with being in the opposite pweren were mainly bad. Not with Scott, he listened to my limitations. He never tried to push me too far from my comfort zone before we talked about it. Scott suggested using code words because of that. He realized that it would make it safe for us to explore. Give me the chance to stop when it felt weird or—'He makes a humming sound before ending with, “just wrong.”
Again he falls quite. When it seems like he won’t speak more
1982 30 October-1 November Roger Hammer letter is read by Mrs Watson.
(Maybe not rimming the first time. I like the feeling of doing it, both as receiver and giver. At least with, you know who.) It's not polite to speak about an old lover, sorry.)
“I know!”
The room is comfortable, but in muted colors like gray, blue, and green.
“So now the truth comes out! You’ve forsaken your own and your family’s faith!” His condescending tone is back.
I will now make a list of some of the things I like.
“I had come to a conclusion when you were dead. If you had been still alive, maybe you would be my first and only openly gay lover, maybe partner?”
He leans over and gets hold of a wooden box that’s standing besides the couch. It’s empty and gives a interesting sound when he bangs on it with his hands. Rosie starts to laugh.
It was a memory of total devotion and excitement between them.
Sherlock holds the other man’s gaze and starts talking again.
“Hey! Where did you go? Usually it’s me who disappears into my mind?” Sherlock squeezes his hand lightly and gets his attention back.
You’ve no obligation to do anything on the list.
Somehow, getting them to write down guidelines and rules over how to interact had opened up a dialogue. A dialogue about everything from what they loved in each other to the things that drove them crazy.
John puts his hand on his lips and whispers, “Shhhhh, I love that I had a chance to see you!”
Slowly Sherlock pushes his dick between his thighs and it’s a feeling that’s long forgotten. It’s so good!
Beta read chapter by srebrnafh. Thank you so very much for your help.
John has nearly fallen asleep when he hears the other man’s rumbling voice. “I think it would be good if Peter’s partner would take me on instead.”
Just the thought of Sherlock with Scott, who apparently meant very much to him, made his stomach roil.
“Ah, so you’re the Watson-Holmes family?” Sherlock sees John frowning and reacts immediately, trying to save the situation.
Sherlock answers John,“Go ahead. I know you want to look at the scars.” He steels himself for John’s hands on his back.
“That I make Richard out to be a bigger problem then he is, them dating have nothing to do with us being friends. Sherlock said we’re to broken now and he was afraid that our friendship wouldn’t last if we didn’t go to therapy. When he said that something clicked in me. I started to wonder why my family are so homophobic? I asked for Sherlock to help me to investigate where the hate and fear coming from?”
“What do you want me to play?” Sherlock asks after putting down his teacup.
^Lawyer^ ^Mother to children^ no! One child, teenager. ^Divorced^
“Marcus is a lovely older man. I don’t think he would mind meeting us to talk about Father.”
[ Please, can we see each other today? I’m not angry, only wants to know what we will say to the media after you come out yesterday. I don’t want too say anything you don’t like in the media.] sent 09.34
Sherlock feels thirsty, pulls off the blanket and goes out into the kitchen and gets some water from the fridge.
…………………………………………………………………….
John is a bit astonished at how easily they have been speaking about such a difficult subject. The silence is easy and it feels so good lying there with his hand in Sherlock’s.
Greg runs over the floor with the book ‘I found it’ heavily breathing.
‘I’m very sorry, Molly, but I think you misunderstood my courteousness—‘
‘Yes…sure,’ he finally says with another faux smile.
Still leafing pages and reading ‘<<Cet amour, si violent, si fragile, si tender, si desespere. Cet amour, beau comme le jour, et mauvais comme le temps. Quand le temps est mauvais Cet amour si vrai Cet amour si beau…>> ….hey, that’s not yours’
'Hey John, JOHN! John you promised, we would dance!’
“I just...want to say that I read your poetry.” He stops, holding back the tears, breathing deeply.
‘Good,let me know if you find anything. Wait, Sherlock!’
‘Come in! Have a drink!’ Greg says kindly, while he heads to the bar to pour himself another glass.
‘You’re right’ Sherlock eyes are still closed ‘It’s beautiful’
‘Nah, the Lamp & Flag is better, and it’s larger, too’
Before getting out the cab, Sherlock quickly takes out his phone and sends a message.
‘J—john’ Sherlock murmurs.
‘Where’s Sherlock?’  Molly asks.
__________________
John lets the phone clatter to the floor, and picks Sherlock up from his shoulders, in an effort to drag him on the sofa.
‘Wait’
John brushes a soft kiss to the back of Sherlock’s neck, takes a breath, and closes his eyes. They fall asleep nestled together on the sofa.
‘I WILLLL SUUUUURVIIIIIIIIIVEEEEEE.’
‘What are you talking about, I was back, and we didn’t talk for days, then you came at home because you had to make a "speech" to me, and I realized it wasn’t about me but about your marriage, about Mary, and I accepted it’
‘What on earth is going on boys? It’s midnight! I have to sleep!’ She shouts while walking up the stairs.
Sherlock gets closer to him, reading his notes “You got shot..." John suddenly freezes up, noticing how close Sherlock is to him, he can almost feel his breath on his neck, and hear his heart beating. He turns a bit on the left, looking at his profile, not hearing his words, with a strange urge to kiss him, dreaming of the past, remembering the last time Sherlock got so close to him: Sherlock was sitting on John's sofa, in his dressing gown. He was sleepy, tired, his eyes half-closed when John walked in the living room....
John glances at Sherlock’s phone, grasping it’s from Victor. He takes a long breath, then turns to him ‘Listen, Sherlock...we need to talk about last night.’
‘Did you hear her??’ Both Greg and Molly look at Sherlock ‘They’re going to make a tv-series about us!’
His thoughts are cut off by the sharp ring of the doorbell. He can tell by the pressure that it is his former flatmate. Sherlock shuts his eyes, but moves nothing else. The bell chimes again. Yet he still does not move. Then without warning, he suddenly jumps off the leather chair, and runs down the stairs. With an enormous frozen smile, he flings open the door.
‘Right there. See the man who’s shaking the metal tumbler?’
Victor freezes up, stepping back, panting. His eyes wide open, his hand on his mouth, shocked. He's trembling. Still panting and shivering,...he mutters: “....Mary...."
‘Well, maybe that one is a real fear.’
He opens it.
Mycroft gives Sherlock a final glance, then slowly exits, and Molly follows on his heels.
Hi mary...It’s Victor. I want to talk to you..can we meet in my winery in Soho?
‘Do you know that the press interviewed me this evening? They even had a make-up artist. I wanted to take some photographs because I looked so good! They asked me about the attack, how you felt, I told them you are feeling better, that John helped you, they were enthusiastic after the interview! Maybe we’ll do another one! …Sherlock?’
‘Of course he knew I was alive and that soon I would return to Baker Street. These kinds of systems were probably controlled at arm’s length or they would have exploded after you leaned on it over time.’
Anderson ‘Thank you Mrs Hudson’
TO:  Sherlock
‘And John of course.’
‘Well, how are you,dear brother?’ Mycroft attempts.
After a moment, staring at the dark shapes of their furniture in the bedroom, John ventures warily, ‘Mary?’
There should be chocolate biscuits on top of the shelves, look for pirates.
‘Okay, the roast in the oven is almost ready. I suggest we drink until Sherlock arrives. You know, just to pass the time, and to celebrate his recovery, and our honeymoon!’
‘John Philip Fox’
Mycroft sighs, still looking downstairs ‘I believe he won’t feel the same…’
Sherlock closes his eyes again, shuffles closer, and John does the same, until their bodies are pressed up against one another, arms wrapped firmly around their bodies. They are no longer moving to the rhythm of the music, but to their own internal one, it’s a slow, steady beat, one that is the polar opposite of their rabbit-like heartbeats.
‘You didn’t answer to me...’
‘He’s started bothering about after Sherlock’ Lestrade mumbles to the phone, while he pecks away at the tiny keyboard.
‘Yes,..he has always loved university, since..we met there’
“How does he feel?” A low, scratched voice talks to Mrs. Hudson throughout the phone, she’s sitting on the chair, next to the table. Her left arm on her temple, face down, speaking in a low voice.
Sherlock’s pouting, huffing out, rolling his eyes
John will bring him home, he’ll be fine tomorrow morning.
"I've been in contact with Inspector Lestrade, I know she'll be at the Awards tonight, I wanted to warn Scotland Yard and Mr. Holmes. Is he there?"
You think I'd crumble? You think I'd lay down and die? ‘
Sherlock closes the moleskine, turning to Victor ‘Why are you so obsessed with it? You never stopped asking me about me and John since the first day you arrived in London, he’s married with a woman while me and you make love days and nights, and the only thing you can ask me is if I was John’s boyfriend, what the hell is wrong with you?’
"The tv show is breaking all the records this year, do you expect to win many awards tonight?"
JW 9:22
‘I have the image saved’
Sherlock hung up without a goodbye, and then pulls up the browser on his phone.
Sherlock starts laughing, he does the same, giggling
She shouts "No! But I would have had my son, and my revenge towards you!"
‘Oh! No? I’m sooo sorry’ he whispers to him faking a sad face ‘I can sort that all out.’ smiling at Sherlock, staring at his mouth.
‘You sent Lestrade and John to spy on me, why don’t you ask them?’
‘I’m sorry, what?’ John’s face was clouded with puzzlement.
‘I just got finished saying, that it was better for his safety, to be at my home tonight’ Mycroft repeats at John.
FROM: SHERLOCK
Mycroft takes his phone again, looks at it, then at Greg ‘Tonight……’
‘Well, maybe it’s just temporary...you know...’
‘I’ll take the same’ John, smiling
TO : Greg
"So?" She answers, rising her voice nervously. "What's the deal?"
‘You forgot to took me home….’
‘Poor Mrs. Hudson, they tricked her’ Molly replies.
‘Quite so…yes'
‘mmmmmmmmmmmmm’
‘It’s pretty hot’ John warns.
John, breaks eye contact, and pulls his hands back. Clearing his throat, ‘I uh… I think we chose the worst moment to talk about this.’
‘When? This morning? When you decided to publish my video on Facebook?’
The strains of an 80’s keyboard ring out along with a
‘Oh, alright...he’s at the cash register. I’ll ask him, okay?’
‘I sent a message to Jane.’
John hums
‘I can’t believe they’re asking such a question!’ Greg yells at the TV.
“You..." he peers at her "you have a lot of things to say...”
‘Mmmm’ Sherlock’s rolled his eyes, thinking.
Sherlock turns away from the stage and stares into John’s eyes, ‘Let’s go sing!’
"No..no"
John stares bewildered at him: Sherlock wears black trousers and a pale blue shirt, his curly hair perfectly fixed up with a bit of hair gel on them, a beautiful fragrance surrounds him. John looks at him amazed, he’s beautiful indeed, but more beautiful than the last days he saw him, he looks smarter, his face tones are milder and his eyes seem brighter. ‘…Hi, Sherlock’ smiling at him.
To : Mary
John stays outside the office. He turns back and notices all the people staring at the scene. 'We're detectives...it's...for a case!' Suddenly he hears the police siren outside. 'Perfect..' He comments sarcastically.
Lestrade walks out, still not saying a word, trying to think what to say. He walks up and down the kitchen, crinkling his hair ‘Jesus, jeeeeeesus, fuck’ he whispers, then walks quickly toward Sherlock’s door, not getting inside
‘You didn’t tell me about this!’
John walks in, gasping for breath, and looking pale. ‘Sher-‘ he huffs out, while stepping into the room.
‘And terribly awful without you.’ Mary wraps her arms around John’s neck and kisses his cheek.
John walks fast toward the stairs, running down and shutting the door behind him.
‘Did you like it?’ He asks again, staring at him
‘I understood everything at the office.’
Sherlock replies with an annoyed ‘yessss!’
“Keep calm, I'm saying that if-"
‘I already told you....I have nothing to do with Moran’
Surprisingly blue, with white dots. I feel like I’m in a kindergarten.
'I’m not complaining! I didn’t..’ Sherlock trails away into the silent abyss about him.
Thinking about this it’s maybe better reading a other fic?
“All of it could have been prevented, if the laws and people’s attitudes toward homosexuality had been different at that time,” he murmurs, thinking about the texture of John’s cheek.
Sherlock takes a long breath ‘Well you know...sometimes it’s not that easy. It’s better to shut yourself off and go on than face what society bans as different still today’
"I won't go"
‘Do you----We never invited you for dinner at home, did we?’
“I read the poem...by Rimbaud.."Happiness". I loved it. We are all excited for the poetry day! Everyone wrote a poem, thanks to your tips and lessons..hope you won’t miss it, you’ll be there... right?”
The taxi driver honks more, lowering the car window and shouting , making hand gestures to the car, inviting it to pass on.
Anderson notices it, turning toward Mycroft, who's eating a cupcake, and suddenly looks embarrassed. 'Mine is not blue, it's Egyptian blue.'
Mary looks back at Sherlock ‘I think Greg wants to give us news about the case.’
‘Why you think so? Are you sure Sherlock doesn’t know what love is? Why he shouldn’t know?’
3 : 40 am
‘Yes, it totally was, I mean....for you! because I laughed the whole time, while you got sad for…a week or so….I remember my dad called me saying
‘I agree’ Mycroft answers, smiling, then nodding at Anthea, who write another sms
Sherlock’s head dips down until their noses are touching, wraps his arms around John’s shoulders, and closes his eyes. The loud music pulses like the crowd around them, but he can only feel John’s hands, his breath, as he sways to nuzzle his cheek.
John’s heart is cleansing and he feel lightheaded. Why hadn’t he seen the signs of how hard it’s been for Sherlock after he came back from the hiatus?
Chapter Summary. I love you: three little words that  Sherlock and John aren’t used to saying to anyone.
Now it’s Sherlock who’s blushing, even his neck becoming red. John smiles and lets three fingers wander up and down the blushing neck. “Hmmhm, yes!” The word is pressed out from Sherlock’s lips.
“Yes, with my grandma and grandfather on my mother’s side.”
Sherlock feels John’s nervous restlessness all through their preparations for the night. It’s worrying him, and when at last they are lying in the bed with Rosie in her cot besides them, he’s nearly as nervous as John is.
His voice is dismissive and condescending when he speaks.
John’s throat tightens when he hears Sherlock’s words. As the same time as he wants to ask what Harry’s had for reason to not coming to his wedding, he really doesn’t want to hear the answer. It hurts to much.
“My second boyfriend? We're only boyfriends in his or my room! For him I was a good fuck when he couldn’t get a girl.”
At first he stands there looking at John, then he steals himself and goes to the other man.
Sometimes John felt they made more progress in building a relationship at those training sessions than at therapy.
“Yes! What do you think I meant after Lestrade released us from the arrest? I said it was a lost opportunity!”
“Well, how do you feel about doing something sexual with John? It´s been a long time coming, hasn’t it?”
“Alright, but you need to change clothes and brush your teeth because when she’s like this...”
He really couldn’t understand how far and how much they had talked over the last year, which had gone by so fast.
“Of course, John. Say bye bye to daddy and Sherlock, Rosie. We will go to the swings!”
“What happened at Battersea when you heard John and Irene talking?” A quick look at Peter, then Sherlock replies.
John had a hard time sticking to the rules for their decision to try and save their friendship. Not letting his feelings decide when to seek out a cuddle or try something on. Frustration and anger bubbling up inside him, he squeezed Sherlock harder in his arms.
Maybe a kiss will have the same effect on him, Sherlock thinks, and leans in and kisses him tenderly.
John nods his head but doesn’t say anything.
******************
John shakes his head and turns to look at Peter.
John nods and gives Theo a smile when he passes him on his way to Peter’s office.
Even after he made that choice to end his own life, my vow to him still stands.
“It all started on the 30th of September 1925. Hamish Montgomery Watson and the church Sexton Ossian Hamish Bell were found in a--”
“Dinner? John asks with a smile.
The priest fills his glass one more time and goes back to the armchair.
“It is.”
Sherlock takes out the violin and gets ready to play. Standing in front of the window with his back to John. Giving him privacy to read the note and get over his shock at Sherlock’s last words.
“Why do you think that?”
Slowly John opens his eyes and smiles at him, “Uhm, love!” John yawns.
“Were your parents homophobic?”
Another thought hits him then.
John instead takes over and says with a cautious voice.
Seeing his lover that way makes John stumble when he tries to quickly get rid of his socks.
“No, my only problem was that I thought you were asexual and married to your work.”
“John, this is--” Sherlock trying to interrupt John
“A policeman and a consulting detective against a clergyman?”
John couldn’t at the moment do anything.
John snorts out. “After she killed you? I’m a surgeon and I could read your chart.”
John looks up after reading the letter with a stunned look on his face.
The only reaction he gives John is a distracted smile because all his focus is on Rosie.
“Yes, he wanted to go on the genealogical website Ancestry.com and if it was possible for us to meet my Father’s last lover Marcus. That’s the reason why Rosie and I followed Sherlock and Richard back to Baker Street that afternoon. To contact Marcus and start searching the website.”
“What has that to do with being demisexual?” The psychiatrist’s voice is very tentative and low, as if speaking to an easily frightened animal.
Victor pretends not to hear him, walking faster, going toward the exit door.
‘Hello Greg’ Mary answers.
‘And did you start working on it?’
Without opening his eyes, Sherlock jeers, 'My,  Anthea, oh how you’ve changed.'
‘Oh… sorry, I – okay, I’ll leave. Good luck with your work. Goodbye.’ He bids with a grin, leading two dogs as he meanders away.
TO: JOHN
Mycroft walks in shouting ‘HAVE YOU LOST YOUR MIND?’
TO : John
“We usually come to an agreement, don’t we?
“It’s been hard for you too, not to be touching?” The astonishment in John’s words surprises Sherlock.
John sits up in the bed and strokes away the tears on his face.
After some time John had felt secure enough to ask why Sherlock didn’t want to have penetrative sex with him. John had also offered to be the bottom, thinking that was the reason for Sherlock’s reluctance.
With an exasperated voice Sherlock starts explaining.
At first they talk about the view and the weather for some time.
“Drawn to Stars” by Silvergirl
Summary; A year has passed since we left our men in a happy place.
Even more love for beta reading this fic, and communicating your thoughts about the story.
“Sorry, I don’t read the news papers, books is my thing.”
1971 April 23, John is born.
“We have done it before without any problems, and it will be easier to take care of Rosie.” What’s he after now? Is he afraid that I’ll take advantage of John? The thoughts run through his mind at lightning speed before he hears Peter’s response.
Okay, he wasn’t ashamed of his body or his dick.
From the client armchair comes a snorting noise.
“Come on, John. I want you here with me.” He’d said with his most husky voice. “This is what I do sometimes and it’s nothing I’m ashamed of, not even doing it with you here, seeing me.”
John had ogled him as Sherlock took off his trousers. John had stood there looking at him even after he had put on his training clothes, not moving to change his own.
“Are you alright, John?”
John is shocked at Sherlock’s response to what he said.
“Can I change position and put myself over you?” Sherlock only nods a yes.
“Darling, you’re still sleepy aren’t you?” Rosie’s little arms comes around his neck and and she puts her chin against his left chin. she hugs him as hard as she can.
That’s the reason Sherlock had to change his plans to this evening instead of doing it on Saturday evening, which was his first choice.
“I’m her godfather and if John and I will be a part of each other’s life, she will be a big part of it too!” He answers with agitation plain in his voice.
***********************
The afternoon light shines through the windows into the cozy room. The room's colors are deep blue and cream, which makes the room soothing and calm. The furniture is big and comfortable, definitely chosen with the thought of children.
“I did.”
Silently Giles nods.
………………………………………………………………………
“No, not for us being friends, only if we’re together as a couple. John, I have already done the thing with being a couple in closet. I can’t do that anymore, it made me taking drugs and living in celibacy for many years.”
That he wasn’t ready to be in naked sexual activities with him.
“This looks really marvelous, Sherlock,” He breathes out. It hits him how much of an unfulfilled dream this has been for him for so many years.
“Yeah, you were right, a car or train moving can make her very sleepy. The taxi ride knocked her right out.”
“I think she had realized in the time between our discussion and hearing John and me talk, that I was gay and in love with him.”
“Yes, he decided to apply to the Army Medical Services Corps, as a medic.”
Starting with Calvin Klein's Black briefs.
****************************************************
“He said no, and asked if the reporter missed that he’s been away from London for two years and when he returned I got married and had a child.”
Realising that he will be losing this discussion with Sherlock he sighs and goes over to the table Richard is sitting at.
John thinks for a moment; it wasn’t a clear no and not a clear yes either. It’s … confusing. “Can you explain a bit more? I want to understand.”
“Too much coffee today. Just one of those days, you know.”
“Oh god, Rosie!”
Wisely enough he asked why at their next pair session with Peter.
15 October 1925. News of Ossian’s death reaches Buckie and Hamish.
“I will help you to stay strong in your decision. As a friend you have no say in him staying in or leaving the closet. You know what he is, and can support him as a friend. But a relationship on the condition that he will stay in the closet?”
As the feeling of relaxation and warmth is spreading all over John, a thought appears in his head, “Maybe safe words aren't so bad?”
“Yes, but it will be different when you’re traveling by train and sleeping in a B&B.”
“Sherlock suggested that I would be the therapist for both of you?”
For the beginning of our life together, I don’t want any penetration, that’s something I need more closeness of our minds to do. Both to be the receiver and to be the giver.
1965 April 1, Hamish becomes 18 years old.
That what was his mind decided to dream about that night after a happy and relaxed Christmas party. Sherlock´s defences had been down, and he hadn’t even thought about nightmares going to bed that night.
Sherlock looks at his wristwatch and sees that it’s a quarter to eleven. It’s time he leaves and goes to his own compartment and bed.
After hitting and naming the reason for doing it for a good while his hands were aching and bruised.
“You realize that when we started this season the first thing you wanted to talk about wasn’t Marcus and getting to know how long their relationship lasted or your mother’s reason to ending her life. It was sex dreams about Sherlock! Why does that bother you so much?”
He looks around after Sherlock. “Where have you gone?” He asks loudly.
The other man ended his explanation, “he would be the only man in my life if he was here.”
Therefore, Sherlock didn’t try to intervene and reassure John that his jealousy wasn’t a problem.
“How do you normally do when you have to do something and haven’t got any babysitter? We’re at least two adults taking care of her?
Why was Sherlock doing this!
“Good question.”
Sherlock lets go, placing his legs between John’s to get better support for his upper body weight.
Also, the resistance Sherlock showed when he tried to touch him had been hard not to worry about.
“It were fourteen months before Hamish died. Six months before that I had met Eric on one of my traveling trips to Manchester. The day Hamish left for rehab Eric moved in with me. Eric died eight months ago yesterday in emphysema.” His voice breaks when he tells them this.
Peter is nodding before he answers John.
Here are two of the stories I have loved.
He glances at his watch that shows just after eleven o’clock,  and asks, “Should I send down some coffee and sandwiches?” His tone is very neutral.
Authors comment; Sorry to all readers of this fic for the long time in between updates. This chapter is my first try at writing a first time story.
He inhales soundly.
“By going to therapy together and on our own therapy sessions?”
He registers that some people are arguing on the other side of the street. Damn, this is hard to speak about. Why am I doing it?
They started the meeting the first evening drinking tea.
“No, John. I don’t think it’s a good idea. Let’s make some tea and I’ll play for you before going to bed. Is it alright for you to sleep here tonight?”
Sherlock thinks it’s amusing that the man looks like the older movie star Cary Grant when he was older. His dad used to look at old Cary Grant movies and had shown Sherlock interviews in the paper when Mr Grant was older with his picture in it.
“Why would that be easier?”
“Always, John. You’re my dearest friend.” He opens his arms and John goes immediately into them for a hug.
Sherlock comes up on John’s left and says, “Montgomery Hamish was born April 1st, 1876, in Preshome, near Buckie.”
……………………………………………………………………….
From Sherlock’s notes on the case of Watson family
“Yes, you and Monty have made it totally clear for me that I’ve got to go back and do the work this time. Try to really understand what happened to me when my mother committed suicide and when I saw you fall to the ground.”
“Don’t think Hamish didn’t feel remorse over how he treated your mother, he did. I think that was the reason he started to drink even more after she died.”
“What do you want to know?” John is stealing himself for the next question.
Smiling the little crooked smile that John has seen very seldom, Sherlock asks, “Will you stay with me tonight?”
1980 February 14,  Home on leave for eighth months.
It’s a bit stupid, lying in separate beds and shouting at each other.”
Sherlock only smiles happily, feeling such joy that he had read John’s expressions and body language correctly, this time at least.
He opens a bottle of wine and pours it into two glasses.
“Oh! So you’re the driver tomorrow?”
Sherlock puts the little girl into the car seat. Together they help each other by putting the seat belts on her. Rosie isn’t happy and tries to escape the whole time.
When they arrive at a little house that seems to be built sometimes in the 1960 or maybe early 1970. The house has a well kept little garden in front of the door.
That day Sherlock decided to take a big leap of faith.
John goes over to one of the rocking chairs at the window and Sherlock nearly falls down at the nearest sofa corner.
“Not always, you know that’s not my normal position in bed. Not with female and especially not with male partners, but--”
“Perfect!”
Sherlock had immediately started searching for a good solution.
John returns when Sherlock is still rereading the note.
“So horrible for you. But he didn’t abandon you. He was trying to get home to you that day.” John can’t find the right words he’s struggling to make Richard feel better because he sees how upset the man is.
******************************************************l
“Of course, John. I will order some food. What shall we eat?”
Before the phone call John and Rosie had left for breakfast in the train lounge.
“And you said it wasn’t important, your wife was dead and you had a baby to take care of, remember?
Father Chaney wrote that how he was dreading the scandal and decided after a night of thoughts and discussion with God to be clement to Hamish. It was obvious he’d been misled by the other man.
If he’d started a new life with Marcus, Harry and him having a stepdad?
“Alright, I’ll leave you now to settle in for the night. If you need anything, knock on the door.” He nods against the door leading between their compartments. John smiles and answers with a casual “Okay.”
Later on the walk Monty seeks out Sherlock and tells him that he’s so happy to have met his cousin, and also to see how a good friend John has in Sherlock.
The megaphone announces that the train is on the way to the boarding platform.
The were both sent home for further investigation to be made and after that the decision would be made if they could return to duty or not”
“Then he’s willing to see you at that time.”
“I was only startled for a moment! Come here, please?”
“Are Moira’s girls twins?”
“Therapy it is then.” Sherlock decides to change direction of their talk.
The reason for doing that was when people started to talk about Ossian’s and my friendship.
“Steady on! It’s early in the evening and there are many interesting ladies to chat with.”
Because this author is a sucker for a happy ending!
“Only Sherlock! I dreamed Sherlock having sex with me both at Saturday night and last night.”
How many young girls have ended up in your arms without wanting to?
Greg and Mike are sitting at a table in the middle of the pub. Sherlock and Richard come back after they have been smoking outside.
“I’ll try to be as diplomatic as possible if he shows up again.” Giles smiles softly at him.
“How do we fix our relationship than?”
John is quite for a moment think about what Sherlock just said. Sherlock is quite and letting John think.
The woman immediately says with amazement in her voice.
“He married young, only 18 years old. My mother was expecting a child. Not me or Harry. The child died at birth, a boy. In the books he describes how he had been with my mother because my grandfather had started to be suspicious over his relationship with one of his friends. My grandfather was also homophobic.”
Hastily Sherlock leaves for the bathroom. He is wobbly on his legs and for a second he stumbled forwards before his hand grabs the knob of the bathroom door.
“How old was he?” John looks very upset as he asks the question.
Giles turns to Monty with a small smile; John lets his right hand glide over Sherlock’s back in a calming motion, and Sherlock  responds with a glance and a smile.
Losing his chance with the man in his arms.
“Yes, I see now that-- “ Sherlock is lifting an eyebrow, Giles taking a step towards the priest “--I can’t change your minds. You said you wanted to see the documents about the scandal. You can read a description of what happened that evening in September 1925, in the priest's own words. Father Chaney kept a diary all his life.”
Feeling a bit silly and not really knowing how to get John to the waiting bathtub is the hardest part of trying to be romantic. Making it happen in real life and not only in his head.
John has a hard time meeting both Sherlock and Richard’s eyes. Feeling like he done something wrong, dreaming about Sherlock and him having sex.
With a laugh John replay, “Yes, she’s very excited to be on her first trip on a train.”
After a very long time the priest sighs and gives the other men a glance. All three stand, ready for a fight.
They had got clues to each other’s problems and grief, without getting frustrated with each other. Boxing made it impossible to have eye contact and lessened the feeling of being observed.
Sherlock is staring at Peter like he could make him disappear if he was determined enough.
He retaliated by wearing more and more revealing pants when they went to the boxing club on Thursdays. Sherlock had seen John’s stare the first time they visited the boxing club.
you two should go there and have a look’
‘What you’re telling me now. You never know what answer he would have given to you. How he would have reacted. And what if he felt the same? What if those gestures for him were enough, too? Enough to be happy with you?’
‘A tall actor and his shorter friend’ Sherlock adds, sarcastically, John fakes a laugh, ironically.
Greg asks surprised “medicines? what medicines?"
‘I mean.. I’m not talking about the…gossip, or what everyone thought of you, I’m talking about what you or Sherlock felt for each other. It was just a friendship? We have to clarify this point because, otherwise, we have to see what’s happening from another point of view’
FROM : MH
‘Ooh, I love to do spinning, I go to Queen Mother’s Gym, it’s good, and not too expensive. Which gym do you go to?'
"You've nothing to say?"
Sherlock runs climbing the stairs, when he walks in, Mycroft is sitting on the sofa next to the fireplace.
Sherlock sulks, not answering
"You did it, all by yourself, with your own hands. And you know why? Because you don't know humanity. You would like to be a mother, a woman in love, but you're not."
Mycroft “I’ve always known how to do it, I'm not that stupid. But I’ve always assumed there was someone else ready to do it for me.”
"I've never told you what you should do.." Greg answers, looking hurt and gloomy.
‘Absolutely not!!!’
‘A lot’ Mycroft looks his brother in the eyes, challenging his provocation ‘But I presume your attempt to imitate Victor’s cooking to John was a sad disaster since I can clearly smell burnt food and since half of the food is still on the dish in the kitchen’
Everyone, together “Not your housekeeper!”
‘No no! Not there! Not in that drawer!’
‘He’s fine. Everyone that was involved or has been potentially impacted by the blast is perfectly fine.’
‘He did what people normally do; checked in, went out,  came back, then left again.’
“For Sherlock...I always wake up early, so I make it for him, too”
'Y..yes..Victor...what a surprise'
JOHN : Yeah, everyone…..
‘And?’
Are you drunk?
John turns away, face palming.
No, on the top.
‘Will you? Really?’
‘We require the letter.’ Sherlock retorts.
‘Yyy----yes’
John looks at the scene.
From: Mary
Sherlock stands up suddenly, and both Greg and John scurry back outside, away from the exit door. Then the pair of them slide back toward the window, and peer through it.
'He's stupid'
John and Mary are sitting in the lounge room, two bags under their feet. Mary is looking at the tourist guide book.
Sherlock ‘John, that’s exactly why we should do it.’
To : Greg
‘What did he tell you?’
John looks straight and randomly at Sherlock, who’s on the phone
‘…Just like a Sunday afternoon’
Woodley spins around and begins preparing the cocktail. Sherlock calls to the back of him ‘Did you know Adair?’
TO : GL
Gregson looks at John Rance, talking to John ‘If only they would have talked to each other...’
“Yes...” he smiles again.
Greg, surprised: "Why? What are you talking about?"
When Sherlock comes back, they’re all next to the entrance, chatting.
‘How you feel?’
Sherlock doesn’t answer, still on his phone.
‘Because I’m away, because I don’t live with him anymore, and because he thinks I don’t care about him like I did before, because he believes things can’t come back as they were before, that’s why.’
‘Thank you Molly’ John smiles at her.
‘I don’t care!!!! Tell him I’ll leave him on the doorstep, why don’t you invite him, instead? He would be pleased’
‘Yes,…I saw it at the Waterstones yesterday’
JW 23 :32
‘He is, after all, your best man. Are the things going alright with him?’
Mary: 'How is it, Molly??'
‘Sitting in a dark room for two hours looking at a big screen, hearing people laughing or crying and making stupid jokes while munching pop corn?’
‘Dust, pieces of tile flung all over the living room, and Sherlock was right there in the middle of it, I was so worried. I started shouting to him but he couldn’t hear he, and-‘
To : John
Greg “Let’s just do it.” Greg calls Daniel while John looks at Sherlock and at Victor “So you...” insisting “didn’t know anything? You didn’t know anything about Daniel...and what he was planning to do..you don’t even know Sarah is his girlfriend? Maybe she’s involved just like him..."
First of all, thanks to Queersherlockian and Daggerlamb, my beta readers.
‘And molly.’
No! about what?! Are you out of your mind?
‘What is this?’ He takes it and straightens the top out completely.
‘Yes… always. So, did you notice anything…..suspicious? Did anyone else enter the room?’
‘Out’
John chokes with frustration, leaning his head against the sofa and looking at the ceiling.
Mary ‘Which one?’
‘I tried all the possible combinations’ Greg comments to Sherlock, huffing out.
“He must have surgery in a couple of days.”
John closes the door behind him and stands still for a while, thinking.
Lestrade and John both shift to gaze at Sherlock.
‘Thank you for your help’
“So you are telling me that you never met Mrs. Morstan to collaborate about the Moran case?" John interrupts Sherlock, whispering “what about the list? the list she gave us...the illegal surgeons that worked in London two years ago?"
Mycroft, sitting on the sofa, with a sarcastic smile, enjoying the situation 'Without any doubt, brother mine'
‘I want George Clooney to play me’ Greg comments ironic
TO : Greg
We need to talk.
‘Who’s this?’
“You should”
“Poor girl...” His grimace expresses his displeasure. He looks at Sherlock. “So....are you sure about it?..”
means he becomes somebody else.
‘What are you doing?’
Still half-asleep, John settles back into Sherlock’s arms again.
‘I understand’ he rubs his hand on her shoulder in an effort to console her.
TO : MH
Sherlock sits for a while, in complete silent. Then takes his pc and checks facebook, looking at Mary’s profile:
Sherlock hops up on the stage next to her, and says into the proffered mic, ‘Wayne...John Wayne.’
‘See you later’ he waves, still smiling, and drifts downstairs.
‘We never did.’
‘We are trying… it’s just difficult.’
John continues warbling :
John, trying to get attention 'I know. We
The man looks at Sherlock shocked. He takes a long breath.
Sherlock looks at Mycroft not understanding his intentions, shaking his head ‘No…I don’t..’
‘Well Sherlock is drunk enough, not to be in his typical mood. I don’t think he’ll see us’
‘Really?’
Lestrade 2 – Mycroft 0
‘We have these ones,’ she gestures toward the section he’d just been perusing.
‘I was dancing, when somebody pushed me and split their drink all over my arm!’
Greg takes his jacket and goes toward the door, looking at John.
John laughs ‘Okay…’ and steps into Sherlock’s space.
‘Y-yes…’
Lestrade give a fake smile, taking a long breath, ‘Stay with Sherlock, and tell him he needs some rest, okay? He looks tired and he’s limping a bit- he shouldn’t walk that much.’
Greg looks at the laptop Sherlock is holding, smirking.
"You didn't want me?"
‘Quite few ones, actually. We-‘
Mary ‘Oh..’
‘We’d like to make you few questions about...‘ Sherlock begins.
John stares confusedly at him, ‘okay! But it’s 3 am. We found and talked to Woodley. We’re all drunk…I think it’s time to go home, Sherlock.’
"John...." Greg turns John, facing him, concerned. "Are you okay?"
‘Is your friend always like that?’
‘I think he’ll like to…settle down. He’s always wanted that.’ Lestrade gently expresses before raising his voice again, huffing 'Still...I can’t get over the fact that you’re calling me past midnight, complaining about this! It’s ridiculous Sherlock!’
‘Okay, let’s go!’
The three leave the office, Sherlock and Mary head straight down the hall, but John stops ‘Forgot something, you guys go on ahead- I’ll be right there’ and goes back inside the office.
‘Too late’ John comments at him, Molly starts laughing
‘Do you want me as a guinea pig?? Is it why you made me come here?’
‘Sure’
‘Don’t exaggerate!
‘He…..’
‘I’m going home, I took some days off, I’m already breaking the rules being here today.’ he smiles
To : John
Molly smiles ‘goodnight’.
Greg paused waiting for Sherlock to protest.
‘And a good one, too’ he smiles
Sherlock continues to eat, ignoring his brother’s inquisition.
‘Yes, the temperature really dropped this week’ Mary comments.
Lestrade ‘Check, please?’
‘I am!! You’re all far afield from the truth, that’s why it’s taking so much to solve this fucking case, because you’re all concerned about me and Victor, he’s a pawn Moran is moving like she wants to distract you. And tell Mycroft I don’t need a nurse to look after me, he’ll leave the flat today.’
“What you’re saying is it isn’t my problem only? You don’t want to be a brat and childish in a relationship any more?”
They both go into the living room. Sherlock turns and gives John a cup of tea and a small peck on the lips.
He’d let Sherlock drop a hard topic until the next session but the next session always started right where they left off.
A unexpected meeting will make a big difference in John Hamish Watson’s life.
“I will do that if you promise me to not drink every day and only in moderation when you do drink. Can we promise to each other to do that as long as we both goes to therapy?
John feel a cold shiver going through his body.
Sherlock stands up and takes hold of John’s hands and pulls him up.
That’s the moment Sherlock asks him the question, “Was the dream good then?” Oh god! What should he answer, couldn’t he just forget that he said anything?
John is shaking his head and trying to remember what happened before mum did what she did.
After a moment he holds a folded paper in his hand.
1968 August 28, Harry is born.
Jealousy hadn’t been a problem with Mary or any other woman he’s been with. Why was he so jealous with Sherlock?
This time it’s John who’s first in, leaning against the wall and trying to catch his breath when Sherlock storms through the door.
John entangles his fingers with Sherlock’s. Sherlock gives him a tentative smile only to assure him that it’s alright. John nods for him to start reading, and Sherlock begins.
Sherlock cleaned the bathroom minutely, and the bathtub got a real scrub down. The tub would be one of the high points of the evening.
This was a form of masturbating-- with a toy!
These three little words start up this evening when Sherlock returns from his session with Darin.
“What do you think?” he asks. Still not looking up, Sherlock answers him.
He takes out a letter and goes back to site down on the sofa.
He opens it and after a quick look, inhales loudly.
“Richard? What will he say if you help me with my family history?”
“Stop it! You said I should plan this trip and that you wanted a family room. We have a family room with one double and one single bed. Kitchenette and bathroom all in one!” Blushing, John only nods his head and stops arguing. Instead he starts taking Rosie out from her car seat.
Monty interrupts with a question. “Did Ossian Hamish Bell live alone?”
It’s obvious for Sherlock that John can’t stand more information right now. He’s quiet and seems to be faraway in his thoughts.
John smiles and stands up: it’s time to go home and celebrate a year of being together. Challenging, yes; worth it, definitely!
“John! Don’t just stand there! Come and get your beer!”
Hope you will enjoy this chapter, Tilda
“What did he say about that?
He leans into his back and puts his arms around his waist, his nose to
“Hard, at least a bit difficult, to say the least. It’s not only you that have baggage to go through. But sometimes it’s damned hard to sit there and talk to a man who sees right through you.”
She’s pointing, laughing and talking as fast as she can in her toddler language.
“John, you have the most desirable body a man can have, strong shoulders, a stalwart body and if I may be a bit crude, a beautiful cock! I’ve dreamt about your body so many times, in so many situations. Please John, let me see your beautiful body.”
Sherlock didn’t try to interrupt or tell him that it wasn’t his fault. He had thought about what Darin had told him about their different journeys to a healthy relationship.
John had texted a moment ago that they were on their way and meeting him in the lounge.
John blushes even more prominently now.
“Yes, Sherlock has already ordered that to her.” Richard answers with a smile.
“Well, it would be nice to see you again and meet Mr Holmes. He seems to be a very interesting person.”
John looks at the man and are both feeling grateful for his help with Rosie and jealousy over how at home he’s at Baker Street.
John pulls him down on himself and kisses him until they’re both breathless.
“Mr Holmes? Nice to meet you, I’m Peter Morse.”
“And your hands, and your eyes, and don’t get me started on your bum!”
“I have told him that I’m bisexual and going to therapy. He then told me he was gay and that evening on a date with a man called Richard.”
********************
The other man looks at him strangely, wondering why that should be so funny?
*like a ton of bricks fell over me*
A young woman follows Monty into the room with a trolley loaded with a thermos of coffee and a plate of sandwiches.
They’re lying there, three people nervous but so happy to at least be together. After a long period John decides to be brave.
…………………………………………………………………………….
“Yes,” is Monty’s laconic answer to that. He doesn’t even pretend to disagree with John.
John decides to look over the breakfast menu instead of standing staring at them. Coffee would probably be good next morning.
“Alright, we do it your way then.” His voice is low and he looks at John shyly. His heart is beating very hard.
John had discussed with Peter his relationship with his sister. He had told him how much hurt and feelings of abandonment pained them both. Therefore, they always ended up in discussion of who of them had done what and how wrongly they been treated, both by each other and by other family members.
“Mary?”
“Oh?”
“Your mum thought she had made him interested in some way, for him to ask her out?
“What do Sherlock say about-  he stops speaking searching for words.
“How has John reacted to that?”
He looks and looks at John as if he thinks he’ll change into someone else.
John’s heart is pumping hard in his chest and the only thing he hears is his own heartbeat.
John couldn’t remember how and when he had moved to the bed.
Sherlock had stood beside John when he hit hard on the sandbag, and with a low and raspy and wheezing voice explained how angry he was at himself.
Please John, be proud of yourself.
“No, it isn’t your fault. When would you want to meet me?”
“Yeah, Sherlock’s right, it’s best to leave it for tonight. But-“
Hope you will enjoy this chapter, when they get to know what the scandal was about. Tilda
The first man through the door stops and takes in John’s face.
John is sighing and looking miserable.
“London!”
“Yes of course.” With a shy look John lets his left hand squeeze Sherlock’s nearest shoulder. “See you soon.”
“Yeah, it’s a bit new. Do you realize that we have talked and made love for hours?”
“Those who live in glass houses should never throw stones!” He reaches out his hand to Monty signaling that he wants to shake his hand.
“Really? Is that a good idea? Who’ll take care of her when you two investigate the Watsons’ scandal?”
He sits up and puts his hand around Sherlock’s cheek, slowly caressing it with his thumb.
“I don’t know? I--”
“Yes, Thank you for the invitation.” Decision makes John stand nearly at attention. Ready to march into battle.
How sex isn’t important to me when something occupies my brain. Sorry, but stupidly I forget that’s not how you work.”
“John! Watson, so you decided to wake up and come to eat pancakes!”
1967 November,  Harry is conceived.
Both Monty and John see the moment she realizes Ossian and Hamish's secret.
“Hamish Montgomery was an organist for over twenty-eight years at St. Gregory church. When he was fourth-nine years old he moved from Buckie to London. Leaving a wife and five grown up children or nearly grown up child. The youngest child, a daughter, was 16 years old at that time.”
Again a hand pulls through Sherlock’s hair.
John’s body shudders visibly at the thought of him standing by seeing Sherlock and Richard marry each other.
“They hadn’t locked the door?” Sherlock asks, lifting a eyebrow.
“How did Sherlock react?”
The room they enter is a staff room. It has a table with four chairs and an old sofa. A little kitchenette to the right side. Table and chairs in the middle, sofa to the left side.
“Did your dad say that when talking about someone being gay or in a similar situation?
“I’m sorry, John. I know how important sex and being with someone is for you.” The sorrow is clear in his voice. Showing his heart openly for John.
“You never call him dad?”
“So how are you feeling today?”
With a shaky voice the first guard had answered, also in Serbian,” He can´t die of hypothermia before the interrogation tomorrow. I was only giving him some blankets.”
Their discussion becomes hard for John, but Monty is trying to help and support his cousin.
A bit amazed at the question, Sherlock’s mind is stuttering for a second.
It’s a very telling tic, Peter thinks, and decides to give him a piece of advice.
“That’s why you wanted us to make the list of things we want to do in bed?”
That night Sherlock plays for a very long time as John writes, looks at the man playing, and then writes again.
“Mum? She became pregnant with my brother when she was sixteen. Hamish was her brothers Adam’s friend and they had known each other all their life. Both families were very active in the local church and later in life she became a devoted catholic. She had fancied Father for a long time and tried to catch his eye. When my grandfather Montgomery started to question why Hamish didn’t go on dates or had any girlfriends Hamish decided to ask Jean out.”
That is your fault, you and your relationship with God.
John rapidly starts to talk, looking at nothing but obviously feeling things.
“No, but I can understand that the experience of abandonment still hurts you. No matter what age you are, abandonment hurts. It’s hurts even if the person leaving you isn’t at fault when doing it. When my husband was killed-“ His voice breaks and he can’t go on speaking.
“Hotel! A family room. John decided that’s the best alternative.”
“Do you have any problem with me being gay?” Nervously Sherlock starts to walk around the room.
1965  the beginning of July a baby boy is born and died a week later.
The other man takes his hand and shakes it with a firm grip.
“You really think that?”
Through the voice in his head he hears Monty still speaking.
John composes himself a bit and says cautiously, "What do you think your father was doing if he didn’t work?" The response is thoughtful and shows that Monty’s given the question a lot of thought.
Sherlock is hit squarely in his heart by John’s words. John can’t think of losing him again! Exactly the same way as he feels about John ever leaving him!
A nagging feeling makes John ask Monty about his life. “How long have you been married to Giles?” He’s very determined not to look at the man before he gets a reaction. Worrying he’s overstepped with that question.
One problem had been harder to get a solution to: sex. Especially, John’s needs around sex.
Marcus opens the door and smiles happily at John.
“Gorgeous dick, don’t know how many versions I’ve made up in my mind. But the real thing is the best version, John!”
Sherlock deduces John’s feelings and makes assumptions about what he wants just now. “Do you want me above you as you were before?”
