Thanks to dear Lily for betaing!!
towards you, Dean."
He watches Dean play with Miracle, the way the hunter jumps around, squats down with his hands on his knees, laughs at the dog barking and running around, chasing his tail. It's the most carefree Cas has seen Dean in a long time, maybe ever, and he feels his heart flutter. He gets to witness a side he always knew to be there underneath all that responsibility and worry burdening Dean, a side he'd only ever caught glimpses of.
, it hovers at the tip of his tongue, but the shy smile on the angel's face cuts him off.
He was pleased to note that Cas relaxed again, even cuddling a bit closer.
"Well, I'm not willing to let you! I won't let you throw away your life for me!" And yep, there we go, they're yelling again, but dammit if Cas needs him to scream to get through that stubborn head, he will. "I don't want you to give up your grace, your immortality! This will make you human, Cas! Do you even know what that means?"
Because Cas was in front of him, so close, but far too far away, and his pink lips and flushed cheeks would have been the most beautiful thing Dean had ever seen, were it not for the panic in his eyes, a spark of fear burning in the usually calm blue.
It was his own fault, really. Allowing himself to indulge, allowing himself for even a second to get lost in a fantasy, to forget that this was all an arrangement, a pretence.
"Do we need a reason?" Dean doesn't mean to sound harsh, but he can't swallow the uncomfortable feeling in his chest. He doesn't know why it's there. It shouldn't be there. He doesn't want it to be there. Sam and Eileen know, he wants the rest of his family to know too, including Jack. He knows no one is going to judge. They'll all be happy for them, Dean just knows they will be. And this is their son,
But it didn't matter what Dean felt, anyway.
In all honesty, Cas wasn't sure what would have happened if he'd allowed himself to indulge, if he'd just ignored the little voice in his head that told him he was taking something Dean wasn't truly willing to give, that he'd regret it later, if he hadn't cared and lost himself in the moment for as long as it lasted.
Anyway, I shall let you get to it, hope you enjoy! <3
"He talks in his sleep", he finally said carefully, lifting his hands in a soothing gesture at the plain shock and that formed on Dean's face when it suddenly snapped around. " Nonono, I didn't hear anything about-...it's just...mumbled words from time to time", he assured, watching his brother's shoulders relax slightly. "But he...he said your name. I just thought you might want to know that."
Cuddles. At least Cas supposed Dean would consider this cuddling.
"What about...?"
Cas could only nod mindlessly, arching up, lips searching, quickly connecting in sloppy attempts of kisses before the need for air forced them apart again.
"You're gonna get past this", Dean told him, because by now, he actually believed it was true. "And I'm gonna be with you, every step of the way. It won't always be like that. One day, it'll be exactly what you wanted it to be, okay? I promise."
"'S that okay?"
, and Cas hadn't even called him out for it. He hadn't been angry like before, he hadn't yelled at Dean and asked what the hell he thought he was doing. He'd just stood there, waited for it to end. And when it did, he'd simply blamed it on Dean's drunkness. Of course he had. Cas -poor, sweet, innocent,
, Dean's brain screamed. But he couldn't say that.
Also trigger warning for some short but heavy flashbacks.
"Sounds like someone we know?"
"No, don't- don't stop!" Dean was panting heavily, reached uncoordinatedly for Cas' arm to get him to resume his ministration. "Don't stop,
"But please", he says so softly that Dean feels something rip inside of him, "talk to
"Please", he breathed out, causing Dean to smile against his neck.
. I didn't mean it like that at all! It's not you, it's..."
Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaand? Thoughts? Feelz? Anything? Maybe? Please??
"It changed", Jack repeats lightheartedly, unsuspecting of the turmoil he just awoke in Sam's gut. "That's what I was trying to tell you. I was concerned if something happened because I could feel that there was a...a switch. In the universe. And a powerful one at that. I couldn't put my finger on it at the time, because it was before we defeated Chuck. But today, when I arrived here and was so close to its source, it was clear that it had come from Dean and Cas."
(See the end of the chapter for
no horny douchebags.
"'Kay."
(See the end of the chapter for
"I don't think I can", he whispered, the held-back tears still choking him. "Every time I close my eyes-"
Cas breathed, awed, as if he couldn't believe his own words. "You're
"Okay."
Okay anyway, I'd love to hear your thoughts! Love yall!!
That's not so hard, is it?
"I hate that my body doesn't react to touch the way I want it to. It's very...frustrating, to say the least."
He looks at Sam with a hopeful sparkle in his eyes, as if he were expecting Sam to tell him the meaning behind those incredible revelations, and even though his brain is working at warp speed right now to wrap around this overwhelming new information, Sam knows Jack's waiting for an answer.
He withdrew just a bit at first, pressing back in, punching a breathy moan from Cas' lungs. Each thrust a little longer than the last, but still slow, still careful, allowing Cas to get used to the feeling, their bodies separating and coming back together effortlessly, without any resistance, like they were meant to fit together, and maybe they were.
The moment of silence that followed weighed heavy on Cas, pressing on his ears and accentuating the dull pounding of his heartbeat. Dean's eyes were fixed on his face, and yet he seemed to be lost, staring into nothing while his mind tried to process. It was torture for Cas, having to wait, and yet he couldn't blame him. Of course he couldn't.
He's begging for something, something he doesn't know how else to express. That's what they do. They have twelve years behind them, twelve years of silent begging.
and get it over with. But his mouth had different plans.
Dean was both disappointed and grateful.
"You-" He licks his lips, swallows visibly. "You can have it, Cas."
Cas sighs almost imperceptibly and she feels her heart ache for him. When he looks back at her, his smile is brave and soft, but she can see the tired act it's built on. Eileen smiles back as reassuringly as possible and squeezes his hands.
bad idea.
"Cas, it's fine, we don't have to."
on his face.
and now you want me to read another?"
, Cas thought and just for a moment, he allowed himself to believe that the way Dean's hands stroked through his hair, the way his arms held him tight, protected, the way his lips brushed over his temple...were all silently saying
He manages to open his eyes to find the angel's closed, reaches up with the need to see him, to watch everything he can, engrave it in his memory.
"I admit it wasn't the most...thoughtful way, perhaps", Cas interrupts him, "but I- I was afraid you'd try to talk me out of it."
Sam was the relentless rock to Dean's overpowering waves, steady and comforting, keeping him on his feet until the flood slowly retreated, the hands that had been placed on his back slowly gripping his shoulders to guide him backwards. For a second Dean felt the urge to give his still unsteady legs some rest, sit down on a chair or the bed perhaps, but a glance around the room reminded him that all the furniture had fallen victim to his earlier surge of rage. So he simply wiped his embarrassingly damp cheeks, willing his legs to obey and hold him up, finally gathering the courage to meet his brother's eyes again. His expression was unreadable, and Dean was just expecting him to comment on the uncharacteristic meltdown he'd just witnessed, a sarcastic retort about chick-flick moment ready on his tongue-
"And no, I usually don't do this", Dean continued. "But that doesn't mean...doesn't mean I didn't want to." (
He listened to the sound of their combined breathing, glad to hear how Cas' grew slower and deeper the longer they lay there, allowed himself to be swallowed by the comfort of feeling the angel's warmth in his arms and against his chest. He couldn't tell how much time had passed when Cas finally stirred again, it could have been minutes or hours, Dean wouldn't have cared.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
And buried deep inside, there lay another need, the wish for different touches, intimate touches.
He guesses it's all about perspective.
"That's called being in love, Sam", she says, simultaneously gesturing her words in sign language in front of her laptop camera. Sam had asked her to. He's still learning and soon found that nothing works better than frequent repetition, especially having the visual paired with its acoustic counterpart. By now he'd gotten quite fluent in the basics, if he could say so himself. It's incredibly fascinating, and he knows it makes her happy that he tries, and isn't that alone worth every hour of practice. Getting to share what he's come to think of as
The day started like any other.
"Yes", he breathes, and as the word leaves his mouth, he realises that Cas is following angel's laws, asking permission, asking Dean to give himself over into his angel's hands, surrendering his whole body to Cas' care. "I trust you. Please."
"What do you need, angel?" Dean pulled their entwined hands up to his mouth, pressed sloppy kisses to Cas' fingers.  "Anything. I'll give you anything you want."
But the angel nodded.
His lips still tingled minutes after Cas had fallen back into a deep, peaceful sleep.
Dean swallowed hard, fought against the tears stinging in his eyes.
The angel pressed his lips together at the question, the fingers above Dean's hand tightened for a second.
And then it all goes still.
"For a while. A very short while", he said quietly, and Cas could already feel his heart (and body) reaching out to him again. The angel clasped his hands together, secured them firmly in his lap.
"Yes, I believe that should work."
"Sorry, it's just..." She takes a deep breath, shakes her head with a smile. "You just asked me why love is so very ugly." She points at his hands and bites her bottom lip to hide the smirk (unnecessary to point out that it's a futile endeavour).
"What do you mean?"
And with that the angel turned and left before Dean could get another word out, the familiar coat vanishing around the corner.
"Thank you, Dean."
It might be even worse, feeling empty. It gives you the illusion that maybe you can fill that emptiness with something that isn't fucked-up. And you think that...maybe you won't be a total waste of space when you find something to fill that space. But instead, you end up being more sad, and more angry, because that emptiness can never be filled with something else, because the problem is always you. And how do you fill a space in you that's empty because of you?
, huh?" He wiggles his eyebrows at Sam, putting on his best meaningful smirk.
Cas looks at their hands, looks up at Dean.
He found the oil glands with Cas giving him direction, tried not to focus on the interesting (quite intoxicating- but no, definitely not gonna go there) smell when he warmed it between his fingers. His hand hovered above the wound that had his stomach turning, the one with the bone clearly visible above half the wing's span, but he couldn't bring himself to start. Not yet. Not before he got this out.
The second was longer, surer. Cas let his finger explore the new territory, watched every reaction, listened to every sound, finding out where Dean was most sensitive.
He could clearly see it, allowed himself to indulge in the fantasy for a bit, the picture of him and Cas in the kitchen, covered in flour, laughing. He wanted to believe that they could be that way again, that Cas would heal. That everything could be the way it was before.
On one day in the soon future, Cas will catch Dean playing with his wedding ring, turning it nervously on his finger like he had seen him doing so often since they got married. He hadn't given it much thought at first, but spotting it more and more frequently, especially in situations that left Dean uncomfortable, the angel couldn't help but start to worry.
"It's fine", Dean's mouth snaps much more forcefully than intended, his body retreating from the angel's outstretched hand as if by reflex, pressing against the cupboard.
"Absolutely."
"No, I'm not angry." He squeezes Cas' shoulder and the angel attempts a wavy smile that makes Dean's insides melt just a little bit. He clears his throat and lets his hand fall back to his side. "Look, here's what we're gonna do. We'll go out together and you show me all the places you looked for him. I'm sure we're gonna find him."
"Is this okay?", the other man asked, lightly stroking his thumb over Cas' knuckles.
~oOo~
"Anyway." He claps his hands, shrugging the air of awkwardness like a coat to reveal the usual confident Dean she knows and loves. "Come here!" He opens his arms, waving her over, and Eileen can't help but smile.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Morning, sunshine", he said instead, a soft smile on his face that soothed Cas instantly, a mirroring smile forming on his lips.
He's snapped out of his thoughts by Dean's voice, the hunter is looking at him expectantly, one eyebrow raised and mouth curled in amusement.
Sam is
"Oh, and Cas?", he calls down once they reach the door, unable to hide the smirk on his face, "You and Dean don't stay up for us. Might get late." He grins when Eileen playfully slaps him on the shoulder and exchanges another meaningful look with Cas, who's sat down on the chair closest to Miracle.
"Are you having second thoughts?", it tumbles unbidden from his lips that day, his insecurity making way even though he's more than sure that can't be the case. Dean has seemed so happy lately. He's told Cas he's happy. He's
They haven't spoken yet, not after he left Cas standing in the room with that little vial of glowing grace in his hand, beautiful and innocent and inexplicably the cause of all this madness. He hadn't been gone long. As soon as he'd reached the library and paced up and down to cool off for a moment, he'd known he had to go back. Cas had still been standing in the same spot when he returned, and Dean had opened his mouth when he entered, unsure what he intended to say, but it didn't matter because the look on Cas' face had made any possible words die on his tongue.
The pan's handle slips through Dean's fingers and he swear as it clashes onto the countertop, almost knocking over a bunch of beer bottles. He catches it in the last second, sets it down, turns around to face his brother for the first time since he entered the kitchen.
Dean narrowed his eyes, ignored the girl insistently trying to get his attention by sucking on his bottom lip.
The reply came unexpected, but all the more welcome, a small smile forming on Dean's lips.
"Then what is it?"
Sam still looked doubtful, but he nodded, and Dean felt a breath of relief leave his lungs.
"Oh." Cas nodded to himself. "So...no going back?", he asked, the deeply rooted need for reassurance shining from his eyes, and Dean smiled, shaking his head, squeezing his fingers.
"Thank you, Sam." Jack smiles that adorable dorky smile of his as he stands in the doorway and Sam can't help the smile forming on his own lips at how unchanged the kid looks. Good for him. "I hope it's not inconvenient that I come uninvited?"
That tiredness in Cas' voice was back. Dean just wished he knew what it meant.
Oh, he would never tire of hearing his name in that voice.
"Dean, this place is beautiful." Cas looked at him and smiled, the amazement in his voice making his eyes sparkle. "How do you know it?"
Dean has no time to process that Cas basically just confirmed that they're in this
"Bed...", he heard himself gasp between kisses, couldn't even bother panicking about what it might mean for them to take that step, because
He just didn't know how.
Dean just pressed his lips together in response and nodded, welcoming Cas back when he returned to his position, tugged into Dean's side, one of the hunter's arm circled around him. Perhaps even a bit tighter than before.
Oh God, he wasn't gonna throw up again in front of his brother.
"I didn't-"  Cas chewed on his bottom lip. "I wasn't aware."
"Jeez, Cas." Dean panted slightly, closing his eyes for a second with a moan before focusing on Cas again. "All that time I felt guilty jerking off to images of you..."
, Dean felt like he'd be happy just kissing Cas like this for all of eternity without ever needing anything more. He felt a little moan building in his throat, and he let it escape in form of a hum against Cas' mouth, let it be swallowed by the pressure of his angel's lips against his own, smiling into the kiss when he felt Cas shiver in his arms.
Because he knows what he wants to hear isn't an option.
"Be safe."
A stroke of genius, really. No one would ever be able to tell what it really is, right? Yeah, definitely. Rage is as far from love as anything,
"What?"
This cliffhanger was not planned I SWEAR but as I said it kinda got out of hand and I didn't think the conversation leading up to it would be this long and then the characters developed their own will and demanded of me to write whatever is written in this chapter now I don't even remember and yeah. Almost 5k all of a sudden and I had to split it hhhhhhhhhhhh. I'm sorry, I really am. Blame the boys.
"Perfect", he repeated, rolling over and pulling Cas with him so they were holding each other, Cas tucked into his side as closely as possible, his head resting on Dean's chest. He leaned down to press a kiss to Cas' hairline.
I couldn't leave you guys hanging for too long after I left off like that in the last chapter, even though it's after 5am but whooo caaares I DID IT!!! Just hope my tiredness won't be noticable lol. Maaaaybe it's a bit over the top dramatic, but...they kinda do that, don't they? Anyway, it flowed out of me like that so here it is.
"-to hug you?" Dean lowered his eyes. "I know. I know it's too much, too fast, but I really just..."
Because
"Yeah, yeah, I know." Dean blushed, actually
, Sam's voice kept repeating in his head, robbing him of sleep.
"Yes, I remember those hands, and the pain they inflicted", he admitted, rushing to go on when he saw that pain mirrored in Dean's eyes, "but not for a moment have I thought the same could happen again now. You would never hurt me."
. He watches as Dean's nimble fingers work the knot open, not entirely, just wide enough to pull it over Cas' head, and Cas helps him obediently by bowing a little. The smile it earns him makes his heart flutter and he swallows, grateful that Dean didn't see because he turned around and is walking towards the door now. Cas watches in confusion how Dean opens it - he isn't about to leave is he? But no, he opens it just a smidge, just enough to...to hang the tie at the door handle outside before the door closes, and then Dean is suddenly in front of him again, in his space (
, proclaiming his pleasure, heightening his arousal as well as Cas' own. He barely noticed it this time when he moved his hips in a way that made Dean's obvious erection press against his thigh.
"It's fine", Cas said then, slightly nodding to himself. "It's- it's hard but...I think it's good for me to remind myself how it couldn't have been you." The eyes that settled on Dean were the closest thing to determined that he might have imagined possible at the moment. "For both of us."
"Why didn't you say something?"
What if he meant it after all? As long as there's just the tiniest chance that Cas actually meant all that stuff he said...how is Dean supposed to live with the regret of never asking?
"Oh, yeah." He feels the grin spreading across his own face. "That's...yeah."
Nope. No fucking way.
"Not broken, I know, Cas." Dean nodded, still smiling. "But you have cracks, fissures. And so do I!", he added as Cas opened his mouth to protest. "Of course we have, it couldn't be any other way, Cas, not after what happened. And I hope that...like this..." He let his thumb gently stroked the back of Cas' hand. "I can close some of them on both of us."
"But I did."
Cas' heart clenches a little, but he can't blame Dean, either. It's rather obvious how tense Dean is all the time whenever Cas is around, he's sure Dean only waits for him to leave so he can finally relax and just enjoy a nice moment with his brother. Cas wonders why Dean doesn't just ask him to leave. He hasn't found an answer, and maybe there is none. Dean has never been someone who makes decisions because they're particularly reasonable or even sensible. And just this once, Cas is glad. He's definitely not going to leave as long as Dean doesn't explicitly ask him to. Not that Cas could bring himself to leave otherwise, even if he wanted to. He knows it's probably some kind of unhealthy, twisted way to feel, but even being with Dean like
There are things he should say, something tells him. He should know what it is, he knows that he should know. But his mind is blank and there's a lump in his throat when he swallows and there are
A warm hand found its way onto Dean's leg, rubbing soothing circles into his skin.
"Sam..."
This was starting to seriously mess with Dean's brain.
"Hey, hold on a minute."
All too soon Cas got up, but he didn't break their eye contact at first. They were masters at that, after all. He stood between the grass and flowers, the sun in his back, the trenchcoat slightly moving in the wind around his ankles, and Dean could just stare, convinced that there had never been something more beautiful in all of creation.
"What?"
Dean awakes from his dream with a start. He's panting, his hairline feels a bit sweaty and his covers are twisted around his ankles. He takes a few moments to just sit and bring his mind to terms with his body, to draw his conscience back into reality from where it's still half-stuck in the realm of sleep. He closes his eyes, concentrates on the welcome darkness that chases the pictures away, black replacing hard blue eyes, a turned back, a door falling shut.
I also haven't forgotten about Sam and Eileen, I SWEAR. We're gonna meet them in the next chapter for sure. And maybe it will also feature their encounter with a certain tie that still hangs forgotten at a door handle...
They talk about Sam and Eileen, how happy they seem, how happy they are for them. (Dean doesn't mention the jealousy that has buried its ugly teeth in that happiness. He knows he's not entitled. He knows it's not fair to them. He promises himself that none of them will ever notice.) They make fun of how Sam looks like a love-sick puppy whenever he looks at her and Cas laughs, unaware that Dean is directing the same sort of look at him. They talk about Jack and what they think Heaven might look like now. They tell each other stories about the kid and smile. They laugh together and for the first time in weeks, maybe months, Cas feels at ease.
So that was why he'd woken up. Cas waking, seeing him, panicking...Dean could just see it before his inner eye, how a confused and disoriented Cas must have been looking around to understand where he was, just to find Dean asleep next to his bed. The way his eyes must have widened in shock, to find him here, of all people, provoking a startled gasp. How he'd hurried backwards, away, mindlessly tearing the sheets with him that lay tangled at his feet now, only covering his lower half as he pressed against the back of the bed.
love, Cas. The love of the one that I...the one I chose."
"Dean, come on." Sam had sighed. "Don't do that, man. Don't make this harder on both of us."
And the way Cas looked at him...when had he become the pathetic asshole here, the one that was looked at with pity for being an oblivious idiot.
"I apologize. It wasn't fair of me to impose that burden on you, no matter what you said about doing it for you."
"You serious?", he asked, the amusement speaking from his voice, but Cas didn't catch the bait, just looked at him with a thoughtful, unreadable expression.
"It's beautiful."
"Okay."
I. Am. So. Fucking. Nervous. Dammit. Please, please, like it. And if you don't...maybe just lie and pretend you did? No, don't, but...urgh, I just want you to like it really badly. Nevermind, I'm fine.
And yes, maybe that was it, Cas thought in a flash of something like hysteria. Maybe that was all it would ever be, all they would ever be: Both denying just how much they wanted to just
Dean's heart skipped a beat.
Cas nodded, his hands on Dean's hips tightening.
Dean was doing so much.
"Normal relationship crap, y'know... I've just never been there. So if I'm being an asshole again for some reason...just don't give up on me, okay?" He lifted his gaze, found reassurance in the warm blue that met him. "Don't let me push you away", he breathed.
, how-
"Are you sure?"
"Castiel." Tony let the name slowly roll over his tongue, hummed thoughtfully. "Hm. Unique. Beautiful", he added with a smile.
"Would you tell me?", Dean asked later that night, when they were both clean and tugged away underneath the blanket, Cas' head resting on Dean's shoulder.
"Why are you sorry?"
"Thank you, Dean", he managed, voice already hoarse, and when he squeezed Dean's hand back, the hand they hadn't let go all this time, Dean couldn't stop himself. He moved forward, pulling Cas against his chest, and the angel came willingly, burying his face in Dean's neck.
Cas looked up at him, blue eyes boring into green, an unspoken question in them that made Dean's heart flutter.
Not that that was going to happen. Probably for the better. Boxers didn't really hide that much.
He hummed in return, didn't even give it a second thought when he snuggled deeper into Dean's side.
Perhaps it's time Dean offered Cas a gift as a sort of symbolic act himself.
"Cas...", he breathes, even though he knows there won't be words coming after, all blown out and swept away, and he thinks Cas knows it too, because the smile is blending now, soft and heartbreaking in its sincerity.
"You can...leave it on. For the moment..."
"Don't mention it."
you said and just die on me, you bastard. How
that you're safe with me."
He had so much more to tell him, this beautiful being, so much more he didn't get to say and never would. He couldn't tell Cas with words, so he tried to tell him through touch, write it in his skin with every gentle brush of his fingers, every press of lips, every sweep of tongue.
"Why wouldn't you even
Without a second thought, without breaking the kiss, he reached for the lapels of Dean's flannel and slowly began to tug it off of his shoulders.
"Cas?" He was shivering, a hand shaking his shoulder, the grip firm but still somehow gentle, so different from the phantom hands he could still feel holding him down. "Cas, look at me. Cas, angel, come on!"
He was right. Of course he was right. Wasn't he always.
Sam sputters slightly into the cup he'd already lifted to his mouth to take a sip and Cas can't hold back the smile when he sees Dean biting his lip to suppress a smirk.
"Marry me."
It didn't take long after that until Cas could easily fit three fingers inside Dean, his own aching erection getting harder and harder to ignore the longer he watched and listened to Dean's pleasure. So it was a relief when Dean finally announced he was ready, despite the nerves Cas couldn't keep from returning, mingling with the anticipation and want that made his skin prickle at the thought of what was to come.
, a weak little part of left-over self-esteem says inside of him.
And Dean...Dean is sure his own eyes are answering undisguisedly. He doesn't find it in himself to stop them anymore.
He's moving through the group of people like in a trance, barely aware who or what he passes, solely focused on that one point in the universe, that one man his own universe has long been built around.
"I see."
(See the end of the chapter for
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"I have no idea what you're talking about."
doesn't want to. His breath hitches in his throat when he watches Cas' hand move instead, fingers slowly and carefully threading with his.
"See you later, Dean", he mumbled without actually meaning to do so, tried to push past the red and grey flannel when suddenly a warm hand closed around his forearm, holding him back.
Cas."
Until Dean twitches and slowly opens one of his eyes. Cas tenses in shock, swiftly withdraws his fingers, but it's too late.
Cas takes his time, lets Dean a few moments to adjust to each new intrusion, the slight burn that comes with being stretched. But it's a pleasant pain, smoothed over by the powers of angel grace until it's reduced to a slight sting that wakes anticipation for what is about to come after. By the time Dean can easily take three fingers inside him, he's breathing hard and writhing against Cas' hand, his own fingers twisted in the angel's hair or the sheets. He groans when Cas hits that spot again that sends a jolt of hot pleasure through his body, and he pulls the angel into a kiss, desperate for more, more closeness, more connection, more
Cas pressed his lips together, his eyes watering even though they remained clear and intense.
Sam and Eileen are already in the kitchen preparing breakfast when Dean strolls through the door, wrapped in his favourite robe, hair still damp from the shower he (
"Jesus, Cas!" Dean shakes his hands with a disgusted grunt, drops flying to the floor and on his socks. He doesn't turn around. "You can't just sneak up on a guy like that! Dammit! I thought we talked about this."
The words burned like acid in his mouth, the thought of someone else doing this for Cas, touching him, helping him through this, building a connection, another profound bond, maybe even stronger than theirs. Dean couldn't bear it. He'd taken it for granted, that he could occupy that space in Cas' life, had never even thought about the possibility that someone else might come along and take it. Someone that would become Cas' priority, the person he went to for advice and help and comfort. For love.
"You stupid son of a bitch!" Dean doesn't know if to laugh, cry, or yell. "What were you
"You alright?"
He can feel Cas lifting his head to look down at him and Dean presses his eyes closed.
Dean swallows. What the hell is he supposed to say to something like that? He'd never understood it. How Castiel, angel of the Lord, had literally put his hands around that scarred soul of his, heavy with guilt and shame, and still found it to be worth saving. How Castiel, angel of the Lord, had faced all the undisguised ugliness, all its darkest corners, and decided that yes, this was worth disobeying every rule he'd ever known, this was worth falling from Heaven for. How Castiel, former angel of the Lord, had chosen this body he'd rebuilt from the very atom, this body and soul he knew every imperfect detail of, and chose it above any other to bestow his love upon. So
"Yeah, I'm sure", Eileen waves off, as he expected. "It's a small nest. And it's not as if I haven't been hunting alone all my life. I'm sure what you're dealing with will bring up much more resistance", she jokes and Sam snorts. It had been a good idea to call her. It's always a good idea to call her.
"I-...it's..." Cas stared down at the point of contact in concentration and Dean held his breath.
"But you don't need your fantasies anymore, do you?", he breathed, hearing the effect Dean was having on him in his own hoarse voice. "I'm right here."
Cas is truly pleading, he's
He meant it. Oh, he meant it. He meant it for a long time. He meant it every time he called her, he meant it when she left, he meant it the last time they kissed, he meant it when he brought her back, he meant it when she was a ghost and maybe even before that.
He fixed Cas' profile, seeking his gaze, but the angel refused to look up. Dean sighed.
. But worst of all - he
It was still a dream, but Cas had never felt closer to it than he did now. They still had a long way to go, but they'd taken the right road. They'd even talked about getting a dog and were planning that beach vacation Dean had always wanted to take him on.
He tightened his embrace, felt Cas bury his nose in the fabric of Dean's tee. He cried, Dean realised after a while, silent sobs shaking his body, dampening his shirt while Dean just let him, started rocking him gently, just holding tight, a hand around his waist, the other buried in his hair. He didn't stroke his back the way he wanted to, didn't let his fingers glide through the black strands. He just held onto him, calm and steady, whispering soothingly to him while he trembled.
This is it, then. The moment. And he's got nothing.
Cas nodded briefly, straightening his shoulders as if to prepare himself, and Dean bit his lip.
"We're gonna do it together."
Cas trailed off, his eyes flitting down to Dean's mouth, his tongue darting out to wet his own lips.
But he won't wait for long, he knew he wouldn't. And when he's done waiting, he won't even have to turn around to know. It will suddenly be there behind him, the presence of a being he would recognize among millions. He'll close his eyes in anticipation, sure what's to come next. And there it is.
"I'm not gonna go to bars anymore", he said, and whatever Cas had expected him to say, it hadn't been that.
Cas is here! That's all that counts.
Dean turned and stood, having (pretending) to get his pyjama pants all the way up his legs, absolutely not fleeing from the way Cas' eyes had softened, the way he could still feel his gaze burning into his back now.
Sam doesn't say anything while Dean clings to him, doesn't ask, just throws him a knowing smile and squeezes Dean's hand on his arm for a second. And then they're moving, their feet finding their way through the trees and onto a clearing where everything has been set up, and Dean has never felt so week in the knees before, not in front of any creature he fought, not the way he does now when everyone turns around and watches them,
"I'll stay."
. "It's dumb. I'm just not...y'know. Used to someone watching me."
"Cas", Dean whispered, the tiniest of sleepy, sated smiles tugging at the corner of his mouth.
Those almosts could all vanish through Cas.
This, on the other hand, it felt so...so
And all the while he'd had to hold onto the thought that no, this wasn't what he had wanted at all, this had never been what he wanted, not for himself, and not for Dean either, being forced to touch him, being used just as much as Cas was himself.
"You have engaged in lots of meaningless casual encounters over the years, Dean."
He's still here, he's home. Right now though, the familiar walls of his room surrounding him are no comfort. They seem to besiege him, blank and cold and undomestic, just like the rest of the space. If he were to leave, there would be no trace that someone had lived here at all. He'd never owned much of anything that was worth keeping here, and he'd never felt the need to make it feel more like home. This is just a room, as much meaning as it might hold.
"I-I want you here."
"What happened to me taking care of you?"
"Want some?"
Hey, this comes much earlier than I planned, but I decided to just split the chapter in two so I could post already, so this one and the next will be mostly Dean-centric. We skip the part of defeating Chuck, just imagine it being 15.19 with Cas there, I guess. (And probably Dean being very distracted bc of Cas being there...;)
sorry? What- Shit, Cas. You have nothing to be sorry for."
Their own children might not grow in height anymore, but Jack and Claire still grow in character, and it's just as much a joy to watch as it is to see the little ones turning into teenagers, adults, parents of their own.
"Yeah, try to relax", Dean encouraged. "The more you do, the better it'll feel."
"That's not what I meant."
Cas stared, entranced by Dean's hand working himself open, a surge of heat racing through his body as a whimper escaped Dean's lips.
"You don't have to do that."
Cas replied genuinely, feeling the need to give Dean at least some of the credit he deserved. "I don't know how I came to deserve you and your kindness, your patience, but-"
"Thanks..."
But now?
legit.
Dean could just nod, swallowing hard before breaking their gazes to direct his eyes back to the wings, unable to hold that tension between them for another second. He might have done something stupid otherwise. Something like kissing him and telling him dangerous words like
It has stopped now, and of course Dean knows why. It's not because Cas can't, it's because
. Any second now. He told Cas he's coming. He can't back out now.
He bites on his tongue when he hears the sharp intake of breath coming from Dean behind his back and he simply
~oOo~
To his relief, Cas immediately did as he asked, allowing Dean to catch his breath and finally meet the angel's eyes, wide and slightly startled, apparently unnerved about Dean stopping him.
"I wasn't aware I needed your permission now for seeking out some human contact", Cas said far too coldly, an icy weight that settled somewhere in Dean's chest, pulling him down.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
The room was silent for a while after both had settled down and Dean had switched the lights off, just listening to Cas' quiet breathing, hyperaware of the patch of skin where they were connected, the warmth radiating off of Cas' skin, little squeezes from time to time when he shifted.
"Ah." The man had followed his eyes, made an apologetic face. "Sorry. His loss, though." He smiled at Cas empathetically. "Would you allow me to buy you a consolation drink?"
"Sure." Dean stops on his way to the staircase, pointing a finger back at Sam. "But I'm not gonna buy any of that rabbit food. That's humiliating." He can hear Sam's sigh through the whole expanse of the room and grins.
Dean swallowed.
"Of course, man." Sam pats the angel's arm in what he hopes is a reassuring manner. "You're my brother too, Cas", he says truthfully, pleased to find the angel's face finally lighting up.
"No", he said, because how could he possibly deny it any longer? "I...couldn't stand the thought of you being with someone...someone else", Dean admitted, small, quiet, as close to the whole picture as he could manage right now.
, a friendship he isn't willing to risk.
Dean looks at him with sparkling eyes and Cas feels an ache so deep it's become a part of his very being.
He looks back into those beautiful blue eyes that have gone wide at Dean's words, and
"Cas."
"Bullshit, man."
be fine", she adds and he nods, grateful for how she knows exactly what he needs to hear.
But yesterday...Dean smiles at the memory. He's been staring at Cas' hand again, yesterday. No surprise there. But then there had been a moment when Cas had paused in whatever he'd been about to do (Dean doesn't remember, he hadn't been paying close attention to their chores, if he's honest), and instead, Cas' gaze had caught on Dean's before following Dean's eyes to his own hand. Dean could watch the exact moment when Cas had connected the dots and looked back at him with a careful sort of understanding. Dean had held his breath there for a moment, torn between embarrassment about being caught and anticipation how the angel might react. Cas had hesitated for a second, contemplating, but then he had slowly reached out himself and taken Dean's hand.
"What were you thinking, man?" It's the first thing that comes to Dean's mind, so he just goes for it. Focusing on Cas is a lot easier than having to address his own feelings. He watches Cas' eyes slowly wander back up to meet his, the typical confused wrinkle on his brow.
Rage made its way into his body, set it on fire, cell after cell, until he was burning up and breaking apart. It made his blood boil, fuelled his energy and made it surge through his limbs.
It was beautiful, the way Dean gasped into his mouth when he squeezed the little bud between two fingers, how his body writhed beneath him, how he moaned a broken
Cas. End of discussion."
It was a miracle that they made it to Dean's room without any further disturbances, but as soon as the door fell closed behind them, Cas had them crowded against it, ripping a gasp from Dean's lungs as the angel attacked his neck with renewed fervour.
Dean couldn't blame him. But he also knew that he couldn't let Cas go on that way, not when it was his only motivation to get it over with, not when he wasn't ready, body and mind.
"Dean, no-"
"That's my fiancé."
Cas had to close his eyes at that, an overwhelming wave of love and gratitude washing over him. He still couldn't quite believe he got to hear those things, to have those words, Dean's words, to
Cas squints his eyes in confusion.
He's an angel, a fucking angel, and still he's
And as I promised last time, prepare for more kissing time ahead!!
. "It's that bad? Being here, with us? Wow."
"I-I'm not-... You know I'm no good with this. Words." A thumb traces the curve of Cas' cheekbone before his hand falls down to land on his chest, Cas' steady heartbeat under his palm. "I'm not like you. Or that Austen Lady of yours", Dean smiles wrily. "You've said all those things to me and I...I want to give you something back. Nono", he says, stops Cas from objecting before he could even open his mouth, but the way he bites his lip tells Dean that he was right in suspecting he was about to. "I know you don't need me to", Dean assures him truthfully, "but...I think I need it, for me. I think I need you to hear it, y'know? I just don't know how, so I thought I'd..."
"I don't care if you don't."
"Yes, I want you", he said then, firm, ringing with truth. "I want to help you, and I want...this. But it's so much more, Cas."
Okay, so apparently Dean still calls him
But Dean could.
"What do you mean?", Sam asks softly, his hand coming up to touch the other man's shoulder, but he lets it sink again when Cas closes his eyes and shakes his head. "Cas?" He doesn't want to press, but... "Please", he begs, "I'm really worried, okay? I hate to see you like this...
He broke off, bit his tongue with a spark of guilt in his eyes, wishing he could take the words back.
At least there's a reference in here that was a nice little self-indulgence. I won't tell you what it is yet, though. Hope everyone who knows it will approve:)
"If Sam found something..." Cas seemed to hesitate, contemplating. "Would you go?"
"Okay. I'll just..." He mentioned awkwardly down the hallway. "Yeah, right."
"Wait." He releases the angel with a jolt, staring up at him in horror. "You mean He can hear that? Every time someone says His name??"
"-people who want each other", Dean finished, not quite what Cas wanted to hear, but close enough for now. "There's more than one way to experience intimacy", Dean explained. "Just...physical closeness can be enough sometimes, better than having sex, even."
Their heads snap around to the open kitchen door.
He shouldn't be surprised. Deep down, he isn't.
Of course, Cas knows what Dean looks like. He had rebuilt his body in Hell, after all, had touched parts of Dean that he'd later barely dared to fantasize about. But it's so different, touching him now, knowing it's not only Dean's body, but Dean
He lets Dean pull him up to press their lips together, melting against him for a moment before he suddenly breaks apart just as Dean was trying to deepen the kiss.
"Cas?"
"You'll see. You're gonna get through this. But you have to talk about it", Sam repeats meaningfully. "So just...maybe try to be around him a bit more. Talk to him about other stuff", he suggests. "Just don't stay away from him, okay?" He smirks to himself. "Y'know, those looks you give him when he leaves a room..?"
an absolutely adorable thought. At all. Come on.)
Cas nodded, attempting to take a shaky breath the same time Dean did, finally closing his eyes and taking a few deeper breaths as it slowly began to even out. When his eyes opened again, they were calmer, but Dean didn't like the dulling veil of shame that clouded them at all.
Yeah. Okay. That made sense. Obviously. Yup.
"I know", Cas said softly, sincerely, and Dean felt the air leave his lungs when Cas reached for his hand and guided it the rest of the way to his face. He felt his fingers slot gently around Cas' neck, a thumb resting on his cheek, automatically moving to finally wipe those already drying tear stains away.
They didn't move.
"Okay." He tries to smile, but it feels more forced than carefree. Hopefully, social radar that the kid has, he won't think too much of it.
"And when you...kissed me?"
"It's okay", Dean cut him off gently. "I understand."
So, there's silence.
"Don't do this."
"I do, Dean", he assured, but Dean just shook his head, fingers tightening around Cas', clinging to him.
"That's it. Keep looking at me." Dean could feel Cas relaxing more and more beneath his fingertips, opening to him, trusting him.
"Dean." Cas smiled. It was small and wavy, but there was a
He has
"I love you."
He smiles at Dean, the smile that's both bright and awakward at the same time. It's the Winchester brother smile, the one that says
"Well, I don't."
"Morning, sunshine."
And far back in the most hidden and secret corner of his twisted mind, locked in the darkness even he doesn't dare step into, he also knows he wants that person to be Cas. And he wants Cas to want him back, him and only him...
"Yeah", Dean breathed hoarsely, had to. "Yeah, he- I told Sam I don't remember, but I-"
Many years have passed like that already, with Cas trying to give in every way he knows how, praying it won't be rejected. In return, he lives on moments, words, gestures. He's learned to read them, learned to see the love written in between the lines.
"Dunno." Dean couldn't help but smile, cuddling deeper into the angel in return. "But God, I hope it doesn't."
There it was again. The concern lacing his voice, warming Cas from within.
He prayed he wouldn't have to live without his name being spoken like that.
not straight. Right here, right now, he was pretty sure he'd never felt anything as amazing as this, feeling his angel inside him, being one with the person he loved. And he didn't care one single bit, John Winchester's voice nothing but a faint memory while he let Cas surround him with his body, mind and soul.
"Hey, you-" He drives a hand through his hair, strokes it back the way Dean knows he does to gather himself. "You don't need my approval, man, but know that you have it either way. I'm not
"I just dried your hair", Cas tells him with a little shrug, but it's not the angel's shyness that has Dean gaping at him like an idiot. It's the familiarity of Cas' hand combing through his hair, the
(See the end of the chapter for
...even before I asked for your help?"
So he nods, because of course he could never refuse, and the joy on Cas' face when Dean lets him put the chain around his neck makes up for this whole day spent in silent misery.
"I'm yours", Cas repeated, and he could see the change in Dean's eyes, his words sinking in. "Only yours."
He doesn't know what to do. He doesn't know how to feel.
It was no surprise that it didn't take them long until they were reduced to a panting, writhing mess, shirts and pants quickly discarded, pressing as much skin together as possible while their hands and mouths explored the by now familiar but no less exhilarating territory of each other's bodies.
"I love you too", he breathed, because he thought, hoped he was allowed to say it now. His eyes closed, pulling Dean in, pressing their foreheads together. "I love you, Dean. Of course I do. Of course,
"Just keep looking at me", Dean whispered, and Cas smiled at him, tightening his legs around Dean's waist, a question, a permission.
"Okay,...uh. Can I just...?"
Dean swallows hard and tries to concentrate on his feet as Sam leads him towards the path that has been left free between the rows of chairs on both sides, chairs that are occupied with loving hearts and smiling faces, and he really hopes he won't fucking faint before he even walked down the aisle because breathing doesn't seem like an available feature right now. His shaky legs struggle not to give out under him and he has to lean against Sam for support, looking down at his feet to make sure they don't tangle.
~oOo~
he wants to scream in Cas' face
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"Thank you, Dean." The corner of Cas' mouth twitched, and Dean wanted to kiss him so badly.  "That was...very thoughtful."
"What if you were to do it?"
"This is enough", he promises, and he couldn't be more certain that he means it.
Dean quickly shook his head, eager to ease the worry in Cas' eyes.
"I can't do it anymore, Dean", he said, pressing his lips together in an attempt to control the stinging in his eyes. "I tried, I
He really should've called Eileen. Why didn't he think of calling Eileen?
"But nothing compares to experiencing your love the way you've allowed me to these last few weeks", the angel finished, "and to be able to give mine in return, knowing that it will be wanted and welcomed."
Cas' breath hitches in his throat. He'd been almost asleep a second ago, comfortably cuddled to Dean's side, their bodies warm and sated. Now his eyes snap open, and for a moment he's sure he must have misheard, if it weren't for Dean's heart suddenly beating away furiously under his palm where it's placed on Dean's chest, mirroring tact and intensity of Cas' own.
"Taylor Swift?" He can't see it, but he thinks there might be a smile in Cas' voice.
He mentioned down to his lap, where, as Cas was pleased to note, his boxers were still considerably tented, despite the time he'd spent caring for Cas and the nerves bubbling beneath the surface of arousal and anticipation in his eyes.
Dean lies on his back, blanket drawn up to his waist, his head settled on one of his arms. He's staring at the ceiling, but Cas can see the frown furrowing his brow before his head turns around to lock eyes with the angel.
Dean held him so tenderly, as if he were a piece of glass rather than a former commander of heaven's armies. And maybe he was, here, now. lt felt like Dean was scared, but not scared of breaking him, scared of losing this hold, scared of tightening his grip only to find it slipping away. It felt like he was something precious, something holy and valuable. It felt like he was loved.
He didn't truly want that. That wasn't him. He wanted Dean to want him...because it felt right. Not because he'd tried to force it.
Cas shook his head.
Cas' heart ached for the man who was still wrapped around him so tightly, and he instinctively clenched his fingers to fist at the back of Dean's tee, like a physical reminder that he would never let him go.
When you're falling in a forest and there's nobody around, do you ever really crash or even make a sound? All that energy he'd put into isolating himself. And what for? Putting himself in a position where no one can see, no one can hear, no one can help? How is he supposed to know if they would? How is he ever gonna know if someone would take interest if he just let them? How is he gonna know if he wouldn't have to be alone if he allowed others in?
And he knew the words of the chorus that Dean had deliberately skipped, noticed the line he'd changed, knew the words of the partner in this song that was supposed to be a duet.
He let his mouth wander, over Dean's cheek and down his neck, lightly scraping his teeth over the hollow where it met his shoulder before peppering kisses along Dean's collarbone. All those miles of skin, warm and alive and right there - his to explore. Somewhere in the back of his mind, he registered that Dean's hand had tightened where it was holding onto his shoulder, muscles tensing slightly, flexing beneath his palms, words reached his ears but he didn't quite grasp their meaning.
Dean's love for him, feel it in the way his grace lit up whenever they were close, sometimes a steady stream playing around his ankles, sometimes washing over him until he felt like drowning in it was the only way he could properly breathe.
"Yeah, right." Dean lowered his eyes. "Of course. We're not gonna do it. It's fine, Cas."
"Good for
"Sleep well?"
Cas nodded. Dean swallowed.
His voice was careful, soothing, and yet Cas couldn't suppress the little shudder that went through his body and made the wings flutter slightly. He pressed his lips together, nodded.
"Dean-"
Sam nods at the (rather dishevelled) angel who's already sat down at the table and abandons his pans for a second to pull a mug out of the cupboard. He's just filled it and wants to grab it from the counter when Dean's suddenly beside him, snatching his wrist.
, just the tiniest, probably unconscious shift of his hips. Dean moaned.
But Dean has never been the one to dwell on dreams. Deams aren't something you got to have, not in a life like theirs. And Cas...this thing with Cas, it's been a dream. A dream Dean's tried to banish along with all the other impossible fantasies and illusions. He's never been able to admit to himself that it doesn't work. Not with this one thing.
to bars. But Dean had wanted to go, and Dean had wanted Cas to go with him. So Cas went.
"Is that so?" Okay, there's definitely a smile in Cas' voice. Maybe even a smirk. Dean lifts his arm to throw a glance at his face, and yep, there it is.
love it when Cas smiles at him, smiles
"Sometimes I dunno how you do it, Cas", he heard himself say. "Coping with all our messes. All the fucked up shit that happened to you just because you're sticking around with us. And you wouldn't even have to. You're this...awesome being, with powers and wings and stuff and yet you're here, I-"
And Cas can see Dean's eyes glistening now that he's up close, can see in the way he sets his jaw that he prepares to take over again as it goes into the chorus, but the lyrics never leave Dean's mouth, or maybe they do, simply swallowed up by Cas desperately pressing his lips to Dean's. He thinks there might be cheering somewhere nearby, but his head can't care whether it's there and where it comes from. He can't even be sure the world around them still exists at all. Because despite the first surprise Dean is kissing him back eagerly, arms coming around to circle him protectively, just lets the song play on in the background even when they break the kiss, leaning their foreheads together and breathe, laugh, smile, breathe. Cas presses his mouth to Dean's cheeks, dries the tear stains with his lips, whispers
"I- what?" That was the last thing he had expected to hear. Hadn't Sam heard a single word he'd said?
delivered with a grin. Claire had quickly overcome the
Dean gestures to a chair, the same that he's told Cas
And oh, he does. He
"Dean." Cas' voice made him snap out of his head, eyes flitting up to lock with the angel's.
"Is something wrong?", he asks, brow furrowed, and Dean loves him so much he doesn't know what to do with himself.
Which weren't a problem.
to explain, I need you to hear it."
. His hand reached forward before he knew it, and then they were kissing again, Dean pulling the angel in this time, pleased to note that Cas followed just too willingly. Lips met and tongues tangled and hands fisted in clothes, holding, pulling, groping, needing to be closer,
, which meant
Cas did as he was asked, careful, tentative at first, increasing his pace and pressure with the encouraging sounds Dean made.
Okay, subject change. Come on, Dean, get up with something like-
"I'm just...I'm just scared", he admitted.
"No..." His head shook frantically, eyes wide and scared, "No, Sammy, I can't. I
Maybe you can forgive me bc it's a long one...?
"You...ah." Dean lowered his eyes, suddenly very embarrassed about this plan he'd been so proud of only moments ago. Now that he thought about it, it really sounded horribly sappy. His blush darkened, but well, he guessed he was a lost cause anyway. So what the hell.
"You ready?", Dean will ask, a wrinkly hand searching for Cas' under the blanket.
"You're so strong, Cas."
Dean is in his room, putting on the blue tie he sneaked out of Cas' closet (Cas will be wearing a pastelly green one, one that belongs to Dean, of course). In a surge of slight hysteria he thinks about if he should put it on backwards, but of course he doesn't, still the thought makes him smile.
He wanted to say it. He needed to say it. But he couldn't.
it. Something reaching for him. A longing. A call.
"Mhm?" Jack's voice rips him out of his thoughts and his eyes find the boy's face just soon enough to see how Jack throws a glance back to the corridor Dean just vanished in, following the trail of Sam's own eyes. When he turns back to face Sam, Jack's brow is furrowed in what seems like a mixture of confusion and concern.
Dean rubs a hand over his neck, suddenly shy again, more so than Cas can remember seeing him since they got through their first couple of 'chick-flick' moments.
It was hard and uncoordinated. Dean heard how Cas released a surprised grunt as he was dragged forward, but his lips felt chapped and soft and perfect. Dean couldn't help but close his eyes, savouring the contact, engraving every detail to memory so he could add it to his collection, revisit it later when this was over and he'd be alone again.
. Like the
He clutched his own hand against his chest, absentmindedly moving the fingers that had been clamped around Dean a moment ago. His breathing was fast and ragged, and Dean feared he might start to hyperventilate. He instinctively reached out to soothingly stroke Cas' side, but caught himself just in time. He didn't think Cas had even noticed.
Dream-Cas had asked, jaw tight and eyes sparkling angrily. Dean had known that what he actually meant was 'Why should I waste my time with
No bars, no walls, no furious angels,
"It would give me a sense of security I think", Cas agreed slowly, looking at Dean as if asking for a last confirmation that he was actually allowed to accept the offer.
"But I respect your boundaries", Cas finished, the by now familiar tiredness returning. "I'm asking you to accept mine."
"Well." Cas' jaw is tense, his eyes hard and cold in a way that Dean never wants to see directed at him again. "I was perfectly happy before you started implying I should go and find some
"No", Cas interrupts him again, breaks off his attempt at saying something he doesn't have the words for. "I'm not telling you this to fight, Dean", he says, calm and far softer than he should. "I know you had no choice back then and I've forgiven you, a long time ago. But you don't get to tell me what I know or do not know about living a human life. I've watched humans for millennia and I've experienced it first hand. I know exactly what I'm getting myself into."
Dean could hear it anyway.
"But-"
Cas shook his head at Dean's questioning glance.
It hasn't been the usual scenario. Some case gone sideways, some supernatural power they couldn't defeat, some End of The World crap they couldn't stop. Usually, it's something else that takes his loved ones from him. This time, Cas had chosen to leave.
Cas had miarcled the storm to quieten. Not literally (though Dean was not entirely sure Cas couldn't have done that too, theoretically), the storm Dean had both fought and nourished in himself for as long as he could remember. The thing with storms though, was that once they were over, you wouldn't even remember how you made it through, how you managed to survive. You won't even remember how the storm started or be sure whether it's really over. The only certainty is that when you come out of the storm, you won't be the same person who walked in. That's what storms are all about. And he didn't ever want to go back. Not when this is what he got now.
wanted? But...
"I've wanted to", he confesses. "Today, at the store, y'know. I've been staring at it, was nearly going insane with the need to just reach out and-" He trails off, swallows around the lump in his throat. "But I couldn't. I...I couldn't. And I'm not ashamed of you, Cas, don't ever think that. I don't know what it is, this...
"Cas-"
The angel did it again, harder this time, and even at this lesser angle, Dean could imagine what it had to be like to feel Cas moving inside him in earnest, pulling out and pushing him into the mattress with powerful thrusts. Fuck, he couldn't wait until they could do that, too.
"Know what, Dean?" He hasn't turned, just stands there, close enough to touch, too far away to reach for.
There was still a moment's hesitation Dean didn't like, but the way Cas smiled at him was genuine, the tears starting to form in his eyes unmistakable.
Resigned, Cas does.
He kept his voice careful, wanted to leave Dean every possibility to decline, but didn't try to hide the hopeful undertone either.
Hello hello, my lovely people. I am back again!
, Cas realises. Of course he does. Dean always does. This man that loves too much and cares too much and hurts too much. This man that thinks he has to carry the whole world on his shoulders.
"-Free", his angel finished, and
, did he need him. He needed him like he needed to eat and to breathe. He needed him to smile and to laugh and to be happy. And he needed it to be because of him.
But of course, Cas knew there had never been a single being in existence more deserving than the man before him.
"I mean why now?", Dean asked, desperately clinging to every straw. "You never tried to pick someone up before. Why now? Why today?"
It was Cas who finally spoke, and wasn't Dean damn grateful for that. Hell if he would've known what to say. He'd imagined having this conversation too many times, had never found a proper way to start, never thought he'd actually have to.
Cas didn't like this.
He remembers the panic and dread he'd felt at the thought. He remembers the pounding of Billie's fist against the door. He remembers the frightened look in the green eyes he loves so much. He remembers how he knew that nothing mattered but to keep the spark of life in those eyes.
Cas hovered above him, moving carefully into position until Dean could feel the tip of his cock nudging against his rim, concentrated not to tense at the contact. But Cas hesitated, just stayed there, staring down at Dean before squeezing his eyes shut, releasing a frustrated breath.
, I can't do it, I'm gonna hurt you, and I can't hurt you, Dean, I
During the next half-hour, Cas indulges. He looks unabashedly, shamelessly, lets himself get lost in the sight of Dean's peaceful features, the feeling of his warm body so close. He's gradually slipped lower so his head is nestled in the crook of Cas' arm now and the angel's fingers twitch with the want to bury in his hair.
"I think I'm done", he heard himself say far too soon, reluctantly retreating his hands.
"'m fine", he mumbled against the skin of the angel's neck, wanted to hide there, to stay here forever, but when a hand tangled in his hair, gently guiding his head back, he still followed despite the slight whimper leaving his throat.
Seriously. How's Cas doing that? Not fair, ok.
And he didn't want to overstep lines. Even being quite sure mutual confessions of love had to mean a change in their relationship from now on, he still couldn't be sure what Cas would want that to encompass, and he'd put it off so far, having to talk to the angel about anything concerning dangerous territory like the
He swallows, because what is he gonna say to that? To that smile and those eyes that make him feel like his innards have turned inside-out?
torturous as it might be
Cas himself didn't push, but he didn't hold back either, and he was content watching Dean rediscover himself, rediscover them, and whenever he saw that Dean didn't reach out, didn't take his hand, didn't link their fingers together in front of strangers, he knew it would just be all the more special whenever he actually
"Yeah..." She nods confidently. "Maybe this calls for a bit of feminine intervention, you know?"
being so wonderful and considerate. Cas hardly knew where to put all the love he had for this man.
On the first day of the rest of their lives, Dean and Cas will wake up not much differently than they did the last couple of months. Dean, half draped over Cas' chest, his head resting on his shoulder and one hand splayed out over his heart. And Cas, with an arm slung around Dean's waist to keep him close, breath ghosting through Dean's hair, their legs tangled together and still pleasantly aching from the previous night's activities.
"You promised me-"
. I know I'm not the most well-versed in reading human interactions, but I can get a fucking hint, Dean!"
"No need to be such a douche about it", he deflected, hating himself for lowering his eyes guiltily. There was no reason to feel guilty! He'd done nothing wrong. Wasn't like he'd be cheating on Cas or something- Wait. A. Moment. Where the fuck had
He breaks off, takes a deep, shaky breath. His mind tries to show him pictures of times he lost people, times he lost Cas, but he swallows them down. He can't have that now. He knows anyway. It's mortifying to be the one who's left behind. It's mortifying to be the one who remembers.
"If you're sure, I guess..." Sam looks at Miracle again, calm and peaceful on the floor and decides that it can't hurt. Cas has been around for the creation of the world, he should be able to look after a dog for a few hours, right? "Yeah", Sam says, slowly nodding his head, "thanks, Cas."
Sam shook his head.
But then he hadn't said a thing. Because he realised he couldn't. He couldn't go back to the way things were. Because he loved Cas. Like...
Not that he's good at that. Hell no. Why master the task of forgiving yourself when you can go around accumulating guilt and regret like trophies, right? But he's gotten used to them. They don't torture him anymore at night, not frequently anyway, have long stopped to be constant residents in the back of his head. Nothing he's done or said is one of his biggest regrets. Nono. That's crap for people with normal small apple-pie lives and normal small apple-pie problems. Dean though, Dean's long figured out that nothing haunted as much as the things we
. Cas could feel a pleasurable shudder run down his spine at that thought.
"Do you still..." Cas' eyes were dark, his pupils blown. "Can I...?"
Dean, Dean, Dean.
Wanting someone wholly, fully, body and soul (grace), every day, forever?
He breaks off, sighs again. This isn't going anywhere, is it. He's just gonna have to tell him sooner or later, so why not just come out with it?
"You love it."
"Cas." Dean smiled at him, too fondly, too indulgently. "Unless you order me away, I'm gonna be right here. There's nowhere I'd rather be."
Jack looks confused, but nods slowly.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
"It's like flying and falling and hovering in mid-air, never knowing when you're going to crash", he finished, smiling when Dean's eyes widened in surprise. "It's like wanting to have a home, and to be one in return. It's like missing someone even though they're in the same room. It's like breathing and drowning and being brought back to life by the same mouth, the same hands, the same eyes that possess the power to destroy you. It's like wanting to give and to receive, and to give without receiving anything at all, because you don't even care. Because all that matters now is him, and if he's happy you're happy, even if you're dying inside. It's taking the flight risk even when you're afraid of falling, just because there's a chance there'll be someone there to catch you."
It wasn't the first time Dean had touched him there, of course. It wasn't even the first time Dean touched him like this since...that day. Cas had been hugged, had practically been pressed against Dean chest to chest, and had felt safe in the embrace.
But here, now, Cas was right there, safe and sound in his arms where he belonged, and Dean intended to keep it that way for as long as possible.
3. Cas is too quick in forgiving and Dean too quick in needing forgiveness
Dean had thought, mentally slapping himself.
"Of course, Dean. I'd love to."
"I could have fought him." Dean pressed his eyes closed, his jaw tightening visibly. "I should have fought him harder, expel him before he could-"
he stuttered then, turning just a bit red himself. "I assumed you would have imagined it...with
Cas gave him a questioning glance and Dean swallowed.
"He's not awake yet, but I'm gonna make sure he knows, ok?"
"Thank you." Dean had meant for it to come out as teasing, but his voice fails him, and it sounds broken and shaky instead. He can't tell if Cas noticed. His blue eyes are glued to the covers, the covers they're suddenly
It's been three weeks now, three wonderful, excruciating weeks, and he still can't do it.
"Oh", Cas looks down, pretends having to watch his feet while he steps over a root, "it wasn't important."
Cas nods. "It's part of why you're taught not to take His name in vain. I imagine it must be rather troublesome."
(See the end of the chapter for
The flashes of
"I'm sorry." Cas bit his bottom lip (and what things that did to Dean, now, with that lip already pink and kiss-swollen...), his eyes cast down guiltily. "I should have known you wouldn't just..."
"Dean", Cas moans out when Dean finally,
"I guess it wouldn't do harm if you..."
Sammy calls it a
Maybe it's Dean's love that clings to him unlike any other being Cas has ever met, Dean's love that surrounds him and expands on everyone in his presence like mist descending on a forest, drops of it condensing on whoever Dean chooses to grace with a smile. Maybe it's Cas' love that's at fault. Maybe it's a combination of both. He doesn't really care. Whatever it is, he wouldn't want it any other way. He doesn't think he'd like a world where Dean ever stops being beautiful to him.
"Sorry, sorry." His hand shot back, holding it up in a soothing gesture of resignation. "It's okay. I'm sorry. I'm not gonna touch you."
But that was ridiculous. That couldn't be true. That-
The smile in Dean's voice was the last thing he heard.
Dean tugged at the waistband of his underwear, throwing a questioning look at Cas through already hooded eyes.
enemies once, people that are only here because they chose to be.
"Y-Yeah", he mutters before his brain has caught up with his mouth. "Thanks, Cas."
"Dean, please look at me."
He had seen the movie
Y'know.
"I...at least I'd like to try. I mean he..." Cas' voice wavered and Dean could just catch a glimpse of tears starting to form before the angel averted them. "H-He...it wasn't what I'd- what I'd..."
"O-Okay", he said eloquently, taking another cautious step towards the mass of back feathers that glistened in the sun. His hand extended on its own, and he was glad his brain caught up in time for his movement to hesitate and to throw a glance at Cas' face, a question in his eyes.
"What do you want, Dean?", he asked, but he didn't sound angry anymore, just that perpetual sadness in his voice, his eyes tired, somehow defeated.
"You know what?" Dean hastily shook his head. "No, It's fine. No need. I'm gonna be
Whoever it was smiled, said something, and a cold claw closed around Dean's heart as he saw how Cas laughed, his eyes sparkling with glee even across the distance of the room. He looked...relaxed, carefree,
His heart ached when he felt Cas slightly shrugging his shoulders.
Cas nodded.
"I know. Shit, I know." Dean averted his eyes, let them flit through the room before settling on Cas again. "And I hated myself for it, Cas. I hated going there, I hated dragging you there, I hated leaving you there...and I hated why I did all those things."
"No. Not at all."
Dragged out of a bar on a Saturday evening, a little more drunk than he cared to admit (though not entirely his fault) with an angel of the Lord holding his upper arm in a vice grip, dragging him along into the cold night air.
Dean made move to lie down next to Cas on his back, slightly popped up against the headboard.
"You're kidding, right?", he says instead, incredulous. "You don't understand shit, Cas."
And now here Dean was, pulling Cas from his own hell, and he loved him even more for it.
Cas broke off, but held their gaze, something in his eyes sending an electric shock down Dean's spine.
Dean stretches his fingers, trying out the newly unblemished skin.
"Yeah, whatever, man."
"Is he awake?"
He closed his eyes and kissed back where he was wanted.
Cas nodded.
"Dean."
Cas took a deep breath, tightening his legs around Dean's wait, nodding at him to move.
Dean's finger was nearing Cas' hole again, he could feel how Cas was holding his breath, releasing it on a shaky exhale once Dean touched his rim, massaging gently.
Cas flexes his fingers, a look of pure admiration on his face that Dean simply can't look at any longer or he will end up in a puddle on the floor. He clears his throat, calling Cas' attention back to his face and nods over to the stove.
"You're so beautiful", Dean heard himself say, couldn't care because it was so damn true. "So good for me, Cas."
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
And then, later, he knew he couldn't sleep here, in this room smelling of bleach, on this bed, on these fresh sheets, the sheets he forced himself to change for Cas, because of Cas.
stay, I'm gonna show you how wanted you are, how..." He swallowed, looked into desperate, hopeful blue. "How loved", he breathed out. "Because...
This is too nice, too easy. He should leave while he still can, while it's still like this, like it was...
"Yours...yours, too?", he asked, just to be sure, biting his lip to stifle a moan when Cas nodded again, lifting his hips off the bed to make it easier for Dean to pull them down.
"Cas? Cas, I'm sorry", Dean's present voice brought him out of his mind and back to the world. "I should have stopped you sooner, I shouldn't have let you push yourself-"
"Sure, Dean." Cas shrugs out of the coat and places it on the same chair that's already loaded with Dean's clothes, and no, that picture doesn't do things to Dean's gut at all. He turns back to the bed and looks at it like it's gonna eat him alive, drawing a smirk from Dean when he awkwardly climbs on.
not the time to think about that stuff. Actually,
"C-Cas?" The angel looked up. Okay, good. "You...you'd really rather I stayed?"
They didn't even do anything. They'd just been happy, telling him about their date.
Because Dean had started dreaming about it.
"You were gone...", Cas whispered, and his voice sounded far away, as if he was still half-caught in the dreamworld, wide blue eyes staring, "I thought-"
"I think you were right", Cas found himself saying, suddenly desperate to let Dean know, have him understand that there could never be anyone else. "It wasn't truly what I wanted. I was just..."
, and I don't want to be scared anymore. Help me not to be scared anymore. I'm yours, Dean."
What if it wasn't what he hoped it would be? What if it turned out to be something Cas couldn't enjoy, what if he disappointed Dean, what if he
"I'm sorry you had to watch that."
"You don't?"
I fucking needed this. Please and thanks.
"I know, Dean." He did know. He did. And he knew it could be good. He trusted it could be good, but... "It's just..."
"Whoa, cowboy." Dean steps up to him, shoving him away from the ceramic hob. "What army do you wanna feed with that?"
, the lyrics said, making Cas' breathing hitch.
He'd been hurting the whole way back. He knew he'd be hurting for a much longer time to come.
surrounding him would soothe Cas at least a little once he woke up...if Cas still saw this place as home, that was...
"I..." Cas looks impossibly small, eyes decidedly settled on the floor, and the guilt on his face reminds Dean painfully of just how fucking much he loves that stupid angel, no matter what shit he's done. "I never intended to be cruel..."
There's a short reference to something Meryl Streep's character said in The Prom, hope you enjoy, dearest Charlie;)
"Nope. Been pretty quiet", Dean told him, concentrating back on working his hands through the sea of feathers. "Sammy's looking out for something, I guess."
"Sure, Cas."
"I love
, Dean was
and everything he was.
Instead of an answer, Cas kisses him, but it conveys all the hunter needs to know. He gasps into the angel's mouth as soon as he feels Cas slowly easing in, buries his fingers in Cas' back, sure to leave marks. But the angel keeps kissing him through it, distracts him until the initial burn is replaced by pleasure, a sense of connection and unity once Cas is settled inside him.
Sam hesitates. It would be nice to go on a date without any distractions. And Miracle is asleep. And Dean should be back soon, anyway... He throws a questioning glance at Eileen standing by his side and she shrugs her shoulders, apparently going through the same considerations.
Cas wasn't quite sure how he'd ended up here.
He doesn't know if Dean noticed, but maybe he did, because there's a twinkle in his eyes when he takes hold of his tie and uses it to draw him into another little peck on the lips.
But they were sitting here,
that person, that person that knows all that stuff about you, and that could...treat you right."
Not that he particularly minded them either but...you know.
Or well, he's
"For letting me do this. For letting me be here."
Except that apparently, Dean does all that now.
There's no sound of water coming from the bathroom when he gets there though, and Dean feels his feet picking up their pace as he starts checking one room after another.
"You were so disappointed that they didn't have actual bees at the restaurant", he therefore explained truthfully, forcing himself to meet Cas' eyes. "Thought I'd...y'know. Bring you somewhere..."
"This isn't the way to the bunker", Cas said about two hours later, once they were back on the road, stomachs full with all the things Dean had ordered because he'd insisted Cas needed to try them. The remains were packed away and assembled on Baby's backseat.
He wants to apologize once more, because it's the only thing he can think of doing, but he makes the mistake to finally look at Cas and the expression on his face make all words die in Dean's throat.
Cas hesitated. He knew he wanted to do it. He just wasn't sure if he could. He didn't know how, didn't know how to make it good for Dean, didn't know how to separate it from his own memories, how to turn it into an act of pleasure and love instead...
He doesn't know what happened. Maybe Cas has just taken a walk. Maybe something has come up. Maybe he's just in a part of the bunker where he can't hear Dean calling. The space is much larger than it seems. Maybe he overlooked something. He's almost sure they still haven't even discovered every room attached. Maybe his worry is needless. He doesn't know. But that's sort of the problem. He
"Hey. Cas, you good?"
"I'm sorry I went out on you like that", he begins, because it seems like a sensible thing to begin with. "And I don't- I still don't like it, okay? What you did, but...I meant what I said. I love you and that's not gonna change. I just needed you to know that."
Dean sounded more breathless than he had ever heard him, and it sent a thrill down Cas' spine.
And just like that, looking up at Cas while he beams with happiness, Dean knows what he'd like to call that angel of his (because he'll always be Dean's angel, with or without grace). He's shied away from labelling them even in his own head, hadn't been able to find something that seemed fitting, something that sounds right. But there it is now, in his head, while he wears a vial with grace around his neck. It's a term Dean hasn't let into his mind before, had never in his life considered it an option for himself...
Cas kept looking at him, barely blinking, and Dean held his gaze while his hand worked, watched the angel's breath hitch and quicken until his eyes finally fluttered shut, his head rolling back into the pillow with a low groan.
He needed a second to orientate himself, find out what had woken him, a strained groan, a sharp intake of breath, the sudden rustle of fabric-
Sam had come by some time ago to offer help, which Cas gratefully declined, determined to put all this together on his own. Which, in retrospect, might have been a highly unwise decision, but now it's too late to dwell on his folly. It's been a couple of hours since then, actually, but Cas has sort of lost track of time, as well as that initial sense of resolution. He's been a little busy searching around for kitchen supplies he doesn't know where to find, reading the instructions of a recipe he looked up on the internet but doesn't really know how to follow, and generally standing (or running) around without much of a plan.
Dean couldn't help the grin spreading on his face.
"We can try." Cas' words are like a warm shower, and even though Dean doesn't quite know what to make of his voice, he brushes the thought aside. He'll be fucking damned if he won't take what he can get.
And now that he knew, he realized just how sure he must have been that there was no way Dean desired him, or he would surely have picked up on it before. The way Dean leaned into his touch, the sounds he made when Cas licked into his mouth, the way he breathed Cas' name inbetween kisses, how his eyes dilated and grew darker with arousal when he let them wander over Cas' bare skin. Cas had thought those were just natural physical reactions to another human's proximity, reflexes Dean couldn't control or stop - perhaps that Dean even had to imagine someone else to make it easier to touch Cas. The thought had stung, but he wouldn't have blamed Dean. Now though, knowing that
"I want that too", he smiles, and Dean positively beams at him.
"You don't need to say anything. Just get it into your head. You're stuck with me, angel."
Dean's chest contracts painfully and he clenches his hand into a fist.
"Please."
Cas nodded, smiling up at Dean as well.
It's almost ridiculous how bad both of these morons are lying, really. She has to appreciate the effort though and doesn't comment on it.
~oOo~
, Dean's voice echoed in his head.
With a troubled mind and a heavy heart, Dean rolled onto his side and pulled the covers tighter around him. He'd never quite felt how cold and empty a bed could be, without someone else to keep it warm, comforting and safe.
"O-Okay..." Cas still looks confused but pleased nevertheless, and God, he can't believe how fucking much he adores that stupid little dork of an angel.
"And you two have kept that radio silence ever since??"
. "At all. And then...dudes."
"Yeah." Dean shrugged, smiled wrily. "I mean...not that I stopped being an idiot and told you. He doesn't know that yet. But he knew that there was something. Probably knew sooner than I admitted it to myself."
He's been hiding in his room. Again. He doesn't even find it in himself to care about the patheticness anymore. At least he's not hiding from Cas this time. At least not explicitly. No, this time, it's Sam and Eileen. Great, right? Add another two names to his list of 'People Dean Pathetic Asshole Winchester Fled From'. Only a question of time until his whole family's up there as it seems. Awesome.
"Shhhhh."
The road that lay before them was long and bumpy, but it would lead them home.
Dean smiled back, opened his arms in invitation.
He was surprised he managed to form any words at all, couldn't figure out what was going on. Cas couldn't mean what Dean thought he meant. This couldn't be happening. Cas couldn't smile at him like he did now, soft and sad and beautiful.
The angel had looked so downcast, so disappointed and broken. It was even worse than the initial anger. Dean could take anger directed his way. But disappointment?
Dean takes a breath.
"It's not that. I just haven't...ever..." Cas trailed off, swallowed. His voice was small and his head lowered. "I just really don't want to make you uncomfortable."
Even if he couldn't set a foot near that room. He'd do everything he could outside of Cas' reach, make food and bring water, run errands, whatever the angel might need. (
Cas hummed.
"I think so." A flicker of panic flashed through the angel's eyes, but it was held at bay by the determination shining there, and a sort of longing Dean couldn't quite place.
"Have you any idea how long I've imagined how it would be to wake up next to you?", Dean asks before he can stop himself, speaking the first thing that came to his mind at the picture before him, the giddy feeling in his stomach making his tongue loose and reckless. Cas doesn't answer, but he smiles a smile that looks like he might have a very specific idea himself.
"We're so happy for you, Dean", Sam tells him, exchanging a look with Eileen. "For both of you. No need for a fruit basket", he adds, the amused sparkle reappearing in his eyes. "I definitely do want those soundproof headphones, though."
"It's really not that complicated." Dean's breath hitched a little, probably from grazing a sensitive spot. "Basically just...go slow, use enough of this and you should be fine. Just use one finger at a time until it feels like you can add another and so on."
room-  lets his eyes wander over their fingers that are tangled together over Dean's warding tattoo, moves up to follow the thumb of his other hand tracing the line of a familiar cheekbone. He smiles.
He took the hand resting on his face and entwined their fingers for emphasis, leading it to his mouth so he could press a tender kiss to Cas' palm. The angel's eyes filled with tears, but he quickly blinked them away, resting his forehead against Dean's.
"No, thank you."
Eileen releases Cas from her embrace and immediately notices the sudden change in atmosphere. She can watch the angel's face falling, a veil of sadness dimming the bright smile he'd given her just moments before, and following Cas' gaze to the doorway Dean had been standing in only moments ago, she instantly knows what happened. He's gone.
Dean tries to convince himself and fails miserably, shamefully. He's overreacting and he can't bring himself to stop, his feet to slow down, his breathing to calm, his thoughts to stop racing.
"I mean how?" Sam laughs again. It's a good feeling. Then he shakes his head, lifts his hands and lets them fall to his sides in humble acceptance. "Ah you know what? I don't even care", he goes on, hands flying along and signing the words of their own as he speaks. "You're a genius, I fucking
(See the end of the chapter for
Anyway, back to the stuff I'm writing for my own enjoyment xD And yours as well, I hope. Some pain ahead. Not too much, actually it's not even really pain, I don't even know what this is, but it's been going a bit too well the last couple of chapters, don't you think? Sorry in case my references are off with the timing of Lucifer still being around in show-canon, I was too lazy to look up if it fits xD
being the little spoon.
"Cas? You good?"
"I thought-" Cas swallowed, looked at him with wide eyes. "I thought it was my fault. I thought he knew...knew that I-"
"No." Cas failed to stifle a pained groan. "I don't- don't think so."
Instead, he just slumped back into the chair and looked, silent tears streaming down his face.
Cas hummed contently against Dean's skin.
"Dean?" He said his name so softly, so carefully, but there was a slight waver in his voice he couldn't quite hide. "What happened?"
"Sam."
He's about to bring the glass to his lips again when Cas' face pops up in front of his inner eye, blue gaze sad as he looks out over the lake.
. He can't do this shit sober. He certainly
"You need to be let out, don't you?", Cas asks the dog, who wags his tail when he gets up and makes his way up the stairs.
inside me that just won't let me...do the things I want and-" Dean can feel his voice fading away, his next words nothing more than a whisper, strained, shameful. "I don't know if it will ever go away."
He doesn't know where the words came from, but they sound adequate in his ears, and he's right if the way Cas' eyes widen impossibly more and his lips part is anything to go by.
Dean lies on his bed, eyes closed and music turned up on his headphones, wondering when every goddamn song had become about Cas.
"What?" Dean furrows his brow. "Miracle?"
. Awesome.
"No, Cas, that's not-" Dean bites his lip in frustration, unspeakably angry with himself. Of course that's how Cas would read this, he's so
"Dean."
for each other. They'll probably marry someday and have a beautiful family without any secrets or lies or baggage to drag their relationship down.
So how could he refuse the opportunity to steal a short moment of happiness, even if he felt worse and dirtier every time? He'd been a lost cause from the very start, anyway.
"Sam." He sounded weak and sore but he ignored it, his head filled with one thought and one thought only.
ended up falling in love after all, right? Maybe this new closeness would help...would bring something that made Dean realize-
But then a sudden jolt of pleasure rushed through him, starting in his groin and spreading through his body like a trail of fire.
Now, for all you pain and hurt/comfort addicts out there (looking at you, Charlie), and everyone who just likes our idiots in embarrassing conversations - hope you enjoy!! Looking forward to hearing your thoughts as always!
She's right. He knows she is. Like...in theory. It's the practice he lacks.
Buttttt I couldn't resist and gotta throw in some more self-promo here, because yes, I'm already planning the next spn fic!! Actually I've been planning it for some weeks now and am gonna start writing it from now on, the short little prologue was posted today, and who knows, maybe some of you guys would be interested in giving that a look, so
"Cas?" No one in his room, the training room, the Deancave.
He lifted their hands to his mouth, pressed a kiss to the back of Dean's.
He pressed his lips together and nodded.
Cas nodded again, but it wasn't enough.
"Shhh..."
"But I won't risk the progress you've made."
Thanks yall, and thanks for reading!
"We're touching right now, Cas."
"Dean", Cas said, and just the way he said his name made Dean feel like the air had been sucked out of the room. "Do you still not understand? I already
"Don't do or say anything if you don't actually mean it. It hurts too much."
"And it didn't need fate", Cas says, and Dean shakes his head against the angel's palm in confirmation, "the only thing I ever needed to love you was your permission. You're not my destiny. But you're my future. You're the future I chose, the future I keep choosing, every day."
(See the end of the chapter for
FINALLY got another one out. Was a bit distracted by an exam last Saturday. Urgh. But anyway, now we're back. With another emotional one, surprise surprise xD Thought I'd give Cas' Pov a shot for a change. Hope you'll like it!
Hey, I just finished this, it's 2 am, I'm tired, it's not beta read. Just as a warning.
"Oh, really?", he snaps, hating himself for it. "Then fucking do as I say and leave it, Sam. It's nothing. You hear me?"
"But what?" And there, for the first time, there was heat behind Cas' words, pain. "Dean-"
"Course, Cas. I said I'd take care of you, remember?"
It had been so close,
This was impossible. Dean had never said- This wasn't supposed to happen. Not that Cas hadn't wanted it to happen. But he'd never entertained the possibility. There was no reason, Dean had never given any indication that perhaps- And now, even if it was real, he looked so worried, so uncomfortable, so
"Shit, you feel amazing." Dean leaned forward to catch his own weight, hands resting on Cas' chest, the skin hot beneath his palms. "Can't believe I actually get to have this."
he doesn't- what if he thinks-" He was fisting his hair again, wild eyes finding his brother's. "Tell him. Please, Sam, even if he doesn't wanna see me again, please tell him I'd never-"
, a curious thing that something amazing could often be equally terrifying.
He's not quite sure what it is, the burned burger patty alone can't create such a complete fiasco of taste, he's not sure if he wants to know what components have to come together to create whatever he's tasting, it's probably a combination of a million tiny things gone not quite right. He swallows it down, sets whatever it is back onto the plate and blinks a couple of times, desperately fighting down a laugh of joyous disbelief. It might be the worst thing he ever had the displeasure to taste since he learned how to cook himself, but at the same time he loves it with every fibre of his heart. (Don't get him wrong, he doesn't want to eat even one more bite, but he loves the sheer existence of the monstrosity on his plate.)
"I love you, Cas", he whispered in his ear. "Love you so much."
"You wouldn't want to be stuck with me", Dean finished quietly, and everything in Cas was screaming at him to finally reach out and touch. So he did.
Okay okay okay I'm pumped bc I just wrote half of this in one go wahoo!!
Ik Ik Ik they gotta cut back on the sexy stuff and finally TALK ajsgdafsdfahgdfhad even I'm impatient and I'm writing the damn slow burn. But don't worry. We'll get there. We're not leaving here until they spill that L-word, I SWEAR it.
~oOo~
"Yes. Perfect", he praised, recalling how good it had been to hear the same from Dean's lips earlier. "You're doing so well for me, Dean."
"We don't have to", Dean said, hoping that it would reassure Cas that Dean didn't mind waiting, that there was no need for him to go beyond what he was comfortable with, not for Dean, not for anyone.
And then Dean's phone rings. Sam's always had fucking
material.
Finally leaning back, he caught green eyes looking at him in what could only be described as awe.
here. Closer. Just to-"
He broke off when he realised the angel's eyes were still lowered, but he needed Cas to look at him, needed to see, to
"Are you in any pain?", Dean inquired, brow still furrowed in concern, and Cas shook his head, felt his mouth curling up into a smile.
"Thank you for coming back to me", he mumbles against Cas' temple, says it for all the times he didn't say it, and he can feel how the angel smiles against his skin.
Dean repeated, because of course he was, perhaps he always had been.
would be harder than he'd thought.
"A little more pressure", he instructed, smiling when Cas couldn't help but throw a hesitant glance at him. "Trust me, it's fine", he promised, and yes, Cas believed him. Cas trusted him.
"You have to let go of me."
They're hopeless hearts just trying to pass through life, every one of his bones is screaming that he doesn't know what to do. He wants to be able to talk to Cas, tell him what he tells him in those conversations he has, the ones that never leave his head. Because every time he tries, all the lines he rehearsed just disappear from his mind.
But to his surprise, Cas seemed to calm, the nails digging in his side retreated as Cas' fingers relaxed slightly and his breathing turned deeper and more even.
"Loving you is loving
Dean chuckled too, the rumbling sound darker and richer with Cas' ear pressed to Dean's skin.
He's used to nightmares. His life's served him with more than enough material for those. There was Hell, purgatory, the death of loved ones, the death of countless people he hadn't known and hadn't been able to save. Visions above visions of horrible scenes he's actually seen play out in front of him and that he's spent years living through again and again at night.
lean down when he thanked you so sincerely, so pure and oblivious and snuggable? How could you not answer by kissing him with all the tenderness in the world and tell him how perfect he was, how he was everything to you? How did you not whisper to him how you never wanted to let him go? How he was the love of your life?
He feels like watching the scene play out from afar, listens to the angel's words, recognizes the soft voice as that of his best friend, mesmerized by its tone and the words Cas strings together, far too good and beautiful for this dark cellar surrounding them, far too good and beautiful for the bangs at the door Dean can hear echoing somewhere in the back of his mind, far too good and beautiful to be witnessed by someone like him. He can see the tears streaming down Cas' face, they make the blue of his eyes glisten and it's always been hard not to get lost in those eyes, but now,
"Yes...and...?" He doesn't seem less confused now, actually, he seems to have no clue what they're trying to tell him, and Dean is just about to open his mouth again and search for another explanation when Jack's expression suddenly melts into one of realization, eyebrows shooting up in surprise. "Wait, you mean that happened recently?", he asks then, and no, Dean did not expect that.
They had taken it slow the next few days.
The teeth buried into his bottom lip until they drew blood.
The bastard actually rolled his eyes.
"See you soon, kid."
It was like a question, a plea, a damn benediction.
He'd slept at a motel that night, had been drunk, tried to forget about Cas, actually. The fucking irony.
"I know, Cas." Sam nods. He does know. It's still nice to hear. "Thanks."
"Okay." Dean nodded, releasing a breath. "Okay good. So if you're in, I am too."
"What?" Dean's heart stopped in his chest for a moment. "God, Cas,
He doesn't know how to be allowed to be near, to look, to touch. He doesn't know how to kiss him.
"Now you have to trust me on this, okay?", Cas asked, and yes, Dean wanted to, he should, he did-
And it had been
Maybe he's too focused on where he's been to pay attention to where he's going.
, and he lets his hand glide over the flannel. Dean wonders if it's a conscious movement or if the angel is just lost in thoughts.
It didn't take long until Dean stopped him the next time, gently breaking their kiss and guiltily glancing down between their bodies when Cas gave him a questioning look. Following his eyes, Cas shifted his weight on top of Dean, causing Dean's erection to brush against Cas' thigh before the angel had even seen it.
"About what?"
But it just wasn't...he didn't know. Something seemed to be missing. He'd never had that problem before (before him), it hadn't really mattered who the chick was, as long as she was hot and available and willing to warm his bed for the night. Dean was experienced enough to make sure they both had a good time. He had never cared that he barely knew their names, he'd liked it that way, quick and casual and without responsibility.
Oh, hell yeah, he wants that. The ease behind it. Closeness in all its beautiful familiarity. A casual kiss in the morning. And in the evening. And any other random time of day. Kissing someone just because he feels like it. (Well, not
Anyway, last chapter my dear friend LovelyOtt98 asked if we'd get to see a bit more of Dean's trauma, and even though this is only scraping the surface I guess, I hope she's gonna be happy with what I cooked up at the beginning of this chapter to give all of you a bit more of an idea what's going on inside of Dean's mind (and later on also Cas'.)
"But I..." Cas pressed his lips together, his eyes slightly watery before he closed them, released a long breath before suddenly rolling his hips again.
"I should really leave, Cas"
Because they still don't know. They still don't know what it was, why the Empty didn't take Cas like it was supposed to, like it
"Yeah." He nodded truthfully. "Yeah, I do."
"It helped, you know", Cas muttered. "Knowing you'd be there."
Because...why again? Ah, vows. They're supposed to say their vows now.
Dean could feel his muscles straining at some point, his legs starting to shake from the effort, but he ignored it, didn't want to break this spell, just kept kissing Cas, moving, panting, too eager to stay in the perfect bubble they had created to care.
I'm not dead! Just writing so much for uni the whole day that sometimes I sit there in the evening and can't bring myself to do anything that is related to text, or sentences, or letters. I haven't even been answering any of your lovely comments😭 Yeah, it's sad. Started binge-watching Reign instead if any of you care to hear some unnecessary information about my life.
Cas looked at him for a moment, swallowed hard (Dean did absolutely not follow the movement of his Adam's apple, that would be creepy, thank you very much), then finally lowered his eyes back to his chest and hesitantly placed his hand back where it had rested before.
Don't wanna reveal too much, just saying we're definitely not leaving the emotional territory yet...
- it's even worse than the anger about his own petrifying inability.
, Dean! Your trust that I know what I want, who I want. I deserve your trust that I will
"You-..." Sam watches as his brow furrows for a moment, then his eyes widen in surprised understanding. "You
Now Cas was so much more than Dean had ever thought possible: a friend,
He'd thought he'd die. He'd thought
Sam shudders at the memory. He guesses if Dean's happiness depends on him being scarred for life, so be it. He's incredibly happy for the both of them, but that doesn't change anything about the fact that as the little brother, it's his job to tease Dean as if there was no tomorrow.
"I'm so sorry, Cas", Dean breathed, releasing the words he had thought over and over in the last months. "I'm so, so sorry. If I hadn't- if I'd just come home...if I'd just controlled myself better then he wouldn't- he wouldn't have seen, and then he wouldn't...I dunno what he'd have done instead but-"
"Mhm." Dean hums, trails kisses over his cheek to the corner of his mouth, the vibration doing nothing for Cas' self-control. When he reaches his lips, Cas finally breaks, turns his head enough to kiss him properly, ignoring the self-satisfied smirk that forms on Dean's lips.
"I'm sorry. It was probably stupid. I shouldn't have-"
"I'm sure it can only be favourable to me if I get to see as many positive reactions to sexual touch as I can", Cas reasoned. "But if you're not comfortable-"
"Marrying me."
And Dean smiled back, tears glistening in his own eyes.
Cas pushed the thought back down. This would be hard enough without guilt about how he was using his best friend creeping up on him whenever he made any kind of progress. Dean had agreed to this. Helping him. Because that was all it was. Dean had said it was okay.
He's at war with himself.
Yet he'd always dreamed of such a relationship, the casual intimacy, being so comfortable and familiar with someone else's touch that you didn't even think twice about it, no matter what time it was, or who was around. He wanted that. He craved that. And it had been for a long time that those fantasies exclusively involved Cas.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
Cas could only nod, nod and feel, every nerve ending in his body seemed to be aflame, glowing brighter with every roll of Dean's hips.
It was like they were in a bubble, a bubble Dean never wanted to burst, and just for a moment, he could almost have forgotten all that had happened and why they were here. Just for a moment, they were just Dean and Cas, Dean and his best friend, making plans for a future that would never take place.
"You'd...you'd let me-?" Cas sounded positively flabbergasted. "Dean, I- You'd do that for me?", he asked, his eyes wide and mouth slightly open in surprised wonder when Dean dared to look at him. "You'd be willing...to give yourself over to me so completely?"
The angel froze, letting go immediately and leaning back as if Dean had burned him.
"Dean. Dean, I think I found him."
He knew Sam meant well. But he had no idea. He couldn't know-
But hey, it's Jensen's birthday!! Wahoo! (Here not anymore, but it still counts bc I say so)
Well. He said
He felt Dean release a breath, a hand coming up to card through Cas' locks.
Boyfriend.
"Yes. It would just take longer."
In fact he couldn't sleep at all, couldn't close his eyes to darkness and silence. Because the darkness didn't stay dark, and the silence didn't stay silent. Pictures of naked skin, writhing, struggling to get away. And sounds, so many sounds, whimpers, cries of pain, pleas.
Dean suddenly broke their sloppy kiss, a shout punched out of his lungs.
As it seems, that was the right thing to say. (Honestly, how could Dean deny such a request?)
He'd lied to Sam. Dean remembered. He remembered every detail.
One day Cas will get a cat. It's a skinny thing, black with white paws and ears. Cas will name her Socks. She'd been sneaking around their home for a couple of weeks, greedily licking up the bowls of milk and devouring bits of sausage Cas had snuck out when Dean wasn't looking. He supposes if Cas is already feeding the damn cat anyway, it won't make much of a difference (and he couldn't have said no to those big blue puppy dog eyes anyway). The happy expression on the angel's face when the cat rolls up in his lap for the first time makes up for any cat hair woven into the armchair's cushion, and Dean can't help the laugh bubbling out of his chest when Cas will look up from the sleeping cat he'd been petting, face displaying equal amounts of alarm and amazement, and ask: "Is it supposed to vibrate?"
He couldn't see Cas before, the sight of him blocked first by trees and then their guests, but now he's there, beautiful, radiant, calm and smiling, waiting for Dean just like he'd said, and Dean can breathe. His lungs fill with the fresh summer air just as his chest fills with a peaceful certainty, and yeah it's a cliché again but there you are.
So that was it. Dean didn't need him. Not even to be his stupid wingman.
"Shush", he soothes, pressing a chaste kiss to Cas' cheek in contrast to the way his hip presses down more firmly. "My perfect angel..."
Maybe he should go for a drive. Clear his head. Yeah. Might do him some good. And it's not as if he'd had anything better to do, anyway. They didn't have a single case in weeks since the Chuck thing went down.
"Not exactly", he admitted, and Dean's stupid heart had absolutely no business beating so furiously in his chest at the implication, the knowledge that Cas could still be his, and his alone. He couldn't help those thoughts. He knew he had no right to them.
The angel bit his bottom lip, shrugging meaningfully. (And adorably.)
He just knows he wants to tell him.
. "I knew it wasn't you. I immediately knew."
Fiiiiiiiiiiiinally another one done! I don't have as much time for writing at the moment as I'd like to. Meh.
"It's okay, Dean. It will heal. Angel wings are self-regenerating."
~oOo~
"Forgive you?" He can fucking
He crossed the room with a few steps, opened the door, but hesitated there, following the urge to turn around one last time, just to ease his stupidly worrying head.
"Okay", he agreed. "Show me what to do."
With a sigh, Dean leaned their foreheads together and allowed himself to relax for a minute, breathing him in, breathing
Silence grows like cancer though, he knows that by now. If you keep it untouched and ignore it for too long, it will start eating you up from the inside. They've let that happen too many times already. Dean knows what it feels like to be full of holes in his chest, in his heart, in his soul. He thinks if he adds more he might fall apart at the seams.
Himself, though? That's a different matter.
"Cas." Dean shook his head, his heart aching at how downcast the angel sounded. "Cas, no. Hey. I'm not- You're not forcing me to do anything, Cas."
talking.
"Please", Dean breathed, hands travelling from Cas' face to his chest. "You gotta tell me. Tell me I can have you, tell me it's okay..."
Also...what is DEAN actually thinking? We might go a bit deeper into that in the next chapter;)
There was a long pause, the kind of silence that made you aware of the seconds ticking by on the clock in a corner. Dean counted them.
Dean has closed his eyes as he stands there on the stage, breathing, and as soon as he opens his mouth and the first words float through the air, Cas is lost. It only takes seconds for him to be hit by the familiar wave of emotion it has always caused to well up in him, only stronger, heavier, because this is not only a song he associates with Dean, it's
Dean feels the desperation in the hard press of Cas' lips, the tightening of his grip around his neck. He welcomes it. God, he welcomes all of it. Whatever Cas is willing to give, damn him if he's not going to take it. He lets his tongue dart out, swipes it across the angel's chapped yet soft lips, pleased to find Cas respond eagerly by opening up and letting him in. Despite the obvious hunger in his kiss, Cas seems happy to let Dean take the lead, and what is Dean supposed to do but give the angel what he asks. The first brush of their tongues is careful, tentative, and for a moment their desperation slows while Cas lets Dean explore. He's lost in it, the feeling, the knowledge that it's Cas, dizzy with the impossible truth that Cas allows him to do this. It doesn't feel real, and yet it is, has to be, with the warm weight of his body under Dean's hands, his scent in his nose, the taste of him on his tongue...
Sam highly suspects it also has to do with the two of them obviously being in love with each other, but he'll beware of saying so in front of Jack. First of all, the boy has no social filter, and he won't hear Dean's tirade about why the fuck he'd say such a thing to anyone, let alone their son, who also happens to kinda be God. And secondly, he doesn't really feel like explaining this absurd relationship two of his fathers are having to an actual three-year-old that needs angelic superpowers to compensate a total lack of social skill. (Not that Sam could blame him for that. Two-thirds of his parents weren't the best examples in that area, to put it mildly.)
, and he couldn't believe he was actually here, with his angel slotted between his legs, fingers woven in his hair, tilting his head up for their kiss. This was the stuff Dean's dreams were made of, and even in his fantasies where Cas reciprocated his feelings, he couldn't imagine his looks being more reverent, his touches more caring, his kisses more...loving.
"Because...because it wouldn't mean anything", he heard himself say, his voice dissolved into pleas by now. "I'd just be..."
And without giving Dean time to process all the fucking times he's apparently accidentally called out to- oh
"Actually." Cas barely met Dean's eyes as he spoke. "I am. Tired."
He could see it too, hear it, feel it, echoes of memories that seemed like a bad dream he couldn't shake. Every time he saw Cas waking up in a sweat he wondered, what was it he saw, what had he recalled this time? Had it been Dean's voice? Dean's words? The feeling of Dean's hands on his skin? Pain? Pleasure? Shame?
Cas recalled the moment of realization, the moment he'd met the green he was so used to, but even the colour seemed off, the familiar spark missing, instead there had just been...nothing.
Why was Dean suddenly acting so strange? He had never been the one to pull away from anything they had done, had always been calm and steady and encouraging Cas when he struggled. But this-
"Yes", Cas gasped out between kisses, only half aware of the words spilling from his tongue. "
"I think you've been the only person to ever truly see me, Dean", he said, and Dean swallowed, lips parting, his eyes going wide and awed. Cas would never get enough of looking at him, touching him, learning about him, getting closer and closer and closer.
His angel, who was smiling at him, radiant like the sun, drying their tears.
Cas found that desperation mirrored in himself. Desperate to explore this new kind of intimacy, desperate to feel how it would be to be physically connected to Dean in the closest way two people could share, how it would feel to be
He's gonna knock. He
Cas made move to go on, dragging Dean's hand along, but for the first time, Dean didn't let him.
Cas' silly heart skipped a beat.
"You okay?", Dean panted, drawing his nose along the stretched line of Cas' throat.
It wasn't like he was doing much. They were mostly doing the same things as before, they just changed the location. Reading in the library, watching movies in the Deancave (Cas liked movie nights more than ever, because he could sit on the couch with Dean however close he liked that day, just next to each other, sometimes brushing shoulders if it made him feel better, always aware of Dean's presence without it being overwhelming. And all the while he would find himself being sucked into the storyline for some time, a welcome distraction from his own mind, even for just a few hours.)
Cas nodded, eyes closed, waiting for the pressure to increase-
"But you..." Cas swallowed. "I don't want to leave you unsatisfied."
. And out there for all the world to see as opposed to the safety of his home and family, well, that's another matter entirely.
"This is not about you, Dean", Cas says then, and this Dean hears, eyes snapping up. "It's about me. It's about the life
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
Cas looked like he might pass out from relief, casing an entirely new sort of pain in Dean's chest. A hand lifted to Dean's face, stroking over his cheeks as if to make sure he was real.
"It wasn't your fault, Dean", Sam said, and oh, how Dean wished he could believe that. "Cas knows that."
"That's it. You did it."
"Morning breath", he explained regretfully.
He's writhing in his own skin, torn in his anger. He's angry with himself, because he always is, he knows how to do that, and it's easier than any of the other options swirling in his head, like guilt and shame and
"Awesome", Dean grins, and then he's kissing him, and thank God he is because if Dean hadn't leaned forward Cas surely would have, craving an outlet for all that giddy happiness inside his chest, giving it way in the press of lips. It's hardly a kiss at all, both smiling too widely so they just end up resting their foreheads together and chuckling into each other's mouths. It's ridiculous and silly and Cas isn't sure anyone has the right to feel this wonderful, but he couldn't care less with the way Dean is wrapping his arms around him, pulling him up, over him, closer.
Dean looked actually relieved, and even as his own heart was contracting painfully, he couldn't help but be glad he'd made Dean look that way.
"He...ah." Sam stood in the doorway, brushing a strand of hair out of his furrowed forehead.
Not what...
He'd stitched Dean together once. What a wonder he now got to take him apart like this.
"It's you", Cas breathed out, relief so obvious in the way his whole body seemed to slump down, tension easing out of his limbs....and what the actual hell was going on? Maybe Cas was confused, maybe...he didn't know, but he couldn't trust this, just shook his head, gripping the door handle like a lifeline.
Then there will be days that have Dean and Cas driving in Baby, and Dean will finally be free to do what he'd imagined for so many years, driving just like this. He'll look at his fingers wrapped around the steering wheel, at the ring that resides so comfortably on one of them. He'll throw a glance at Cas by his side, at the ring on Cas' hand, then at his face, will find the angel looking back at him, smiling softly. And Dean will do what he wanted to do for so long, reach out, take Cas' hand, pressing a kiss to his knuckles with his eyes fixed on the road, then dropping their entwined fingers between the seats. And he won't look at Cas again, wouldn't be able to handle the look in his eyes he knows would be there, not if he doesn't plan on driving into a tree or something. Instead, he'll just hold on until they arrive wherever they're headed.
"Love you too."
Sooooooooooooooo...thoughts? :)
He doesn't let go.
"You hungry?"
Cas would've liked to tell Dean that he's wrong. That it wouldn't be hard. That he wouldn't hurt him. That he couldn't. But that's a lie. Cas knows as well as Dean that nothing in their life has ever been all ponies and rainbows. And after all - the things that can hurt you the most are those that you love more than anything.
He shouldn't be surprised.
"No, I- I mean..." Cas trails off, squeezing Dean's fingers, searching for help. "Dean?"
Dean knows Sam will tease him about it, the smug little bitch, he'll have to take his shit for days (Seriously, Dean? A
Well,
Cas is hesitant for another moment, but then he complies without a word, follows without lifting his gaze.
"What is it?", Dean asked again, the worry in his voice joined by a trace of desperation. "Did I do something wrong?"
"Fuck", he says, drives a hand over his face, "this went so much smoother in my head...dammit."
And Cas was selfish and greedy, but he couldn't deny the fear clenching around his heart. The fear that it wouldn't be enough. Right now though, he did his best to suffocate that fear, concentrated on what he had, right here, in Dean's arms, arms that brought him back from the shadows, back into a world of light and green.
At least Cas hadn't led him on further. It was hard, controlling his vessel's -no, his body's- reactions to Dean's touch, he remembered how he had to ball his hands into fists to keep them from reaching out and winding around Dean, twitching at his sides with the impossible need to pull Dean in, hold him close and never let go. He had wanted to move his lips in sync to Dean's, explore the way they'd give beneath his when he pressed closer, flick out his tongue and get a taste...
to me, Dean."
He blindly grabs one of the tapes and roughly shoves it into the player.
"I don't know what I've done for you to choose me", Dean went on before he could object, "but
"That's fine." Dean heaves himself up against the headboard, rubs his tired eyes. "That was..." Nice? Kind? What a good friend would do? Whatever. "Thanks, Cas."
"I'm good with
Cas nodded furiously, signalising that he was riding the edge right alongside Dean, his arms coming around to circle Dean's shoulders, nails digging into Dean's skin, leaving scratch marks from his shoulder blades down to his lower back.
Cas is about to make his way around the lake for the second time when he receives the prayer. He stops in his tracks, listens to Dean's voice in his head.
Cas lets his gaze wander over the lake that glitters in the sunset, the cool breeze a pleasant feeling against his skin. The woods are calm and beginning to turn grey around them, here on the bench they snuck away to, eager to finally escape the hustle of their wedding celebrations and have a moment to themselves. The music and chatter are muffled in the distance, a quiet reminder of the joy this day has brought, and keeps bringing.
"Oh, right. Would you like me to take your dreams from you?", he asks, and Dean is tempted to take him up on the offer, take the easy way, the normal this-is-what-we-do way. But it's not what he wants.
"No, stay." Dean quickly reached behind himself, placing a hand on Cas' thigh to keep him from pulling away further. "Only draw back if
But of course, everything does.
"Are you lonely?", Dean interrupted him, more insistently. "Is that why you wanted to go with him, Cas?"
Not that he didn't like how it felt. It was...nice.
"And I can't-" His voice started to crack, but he couldn't care. "I couldn't do this without you knowing. I'm so sorry. I'd understand if you wouldn't want- wouldn't want to continue this, now that I- "
It went easier after that, Dean was able to apply more pressure now that Cas' body seemed to have adjusted, had understood not to expect pain from his touch. He made sure to keep the angel's mind floating on waves of pleasure, too far away to bring up flashbacks, and he watched mesmerized how Cas slowly fell apart beneath him, moaning and writhing, even pushing back against Dean's hand once he had added a second finger. He could feel his own arousal building steadily, the noises Cas made, his name breathed on a slow exhale, the sheer sight of his features twisted in bliss, so open and honest and
"This." Dean gestures down their bodies, subconsciously pulling away from Cas without meaning to. "Us. I know it's not..." He hesitates, sits up with a sigh, eyes lowered. "It can't be what you expected."
Cas looked at their hands, then at Dean. He swallowed.
"As am I. We all are, Dean." It's true, but not like this, not like Dean is. "This world, it's broken. No one knows that better than you, but... it's also beautiful." Cas smiles, a smile Dean knows, from that day in the dungeon. He swallows thickly. "So you think you are broken, too? I tell you, you're not. Whatever it is you think is too damaged-"
He had to turn his head away, closed his eyes.
He didn't want to return to waking up to an empty room instead of smiling blue eyes.
"Cas?" Blue eyes hesitantly turned to meet his again. "Talk to me", Dean asked softly, his lips now ghosting over the angel's knuckles.
"This was a big step, Cas." He smiled at his angel, taking Cas' hand, squeezing tight. "And you did so well. I'm so proud of you."
you?" He thinks he might be hyperventilating, runs a frantic hand through his hair. He can't let this happen, he can't, he can't, he can't.
"We'll see."
Okay. Here goes nothing. Fingers crossed! *screeeeeeeeeeee*
He didn't know. All he knew was that he didn't want to let go of Cas' hand.
"Of course not, Sam", Cas says, and somehow, it sounds like the most natural thing in the world coming from him. "That's an easy promise to make. I could never give him up."
Cas sounds calm and serious as ever and Dean sputters slightly at his words, both in an attempt to suppress a chuckle and in surprise about the...the-
Dean smiled wrily, looking at him just a moment too long, blinked, then slightly shook his head to himself.
The keyword here was
And Dean was the one that had made him look that way.
"Good."
"We both know that's a lie." Dean's eyes shoot up to his, mouth slightly open with surprise about Cas' harsh tone. Cas holds his gaze, questioning blue eyes searching for whatever Dean is hiding. The hunter is slightly squirming under his look, his eyes going wide, teeth worrying at his bottom lip. The wall he's built seems to slowly melt away the longer their eye-contact lasts, and just when Cas thinks he might find what he's looking for, Dean suddenly turns away, hands roughly gripping the edge of the counter.
"Not much." The tips of Cas' fingers are grazing Dean's tattoo, absentmindedly repainting the shape and making his skin tingle pleasantly while a peaceful heaviness settles in their bodies. "Perhaps it should be. Our grace, as a side-effect, is meant to...dull any physical sensation, to shield us from it. But I'm not surprised it doesn't feel like that. It was never just about the sensation for me", Cas states plainly, and even though Dean knew, it makes his heart skip a beat. He wonders if Cas can feel it under his palm, but if he did, he doesn't show it, just shrugs lightly to himself.
"It was...awful", Cas whispered then, almost too quiet for Dean to hear, his hand clenching around Dean's. "Disgusting. And I couldn't- He just..."
He'd told Sam he didn't know how it happened, how and when Lucifer got in.
Cas watched how Dean poured some more lube into his palm, spreading some around his hole and coating Cas' fingers with the rest. Cas knew there would probably have been enough left as it was, that Dean did this mostly so Cas would be as much at ease as possible, knowing that they were taking every possible precaution against him accidentally inflicting pain.
It. Just. Never. Stops.
"Hey, Cas." Dean's own breath came in pants by now, the pressure in his groin bordering on painful, but he forced it all down, kept his voice calm and patient. "You've done so well, Cas. So good for me."
"Yeah, I...I did", Sam admits truthfully. And
"There." Dean smiles at him when he breaks the kiss, green eyes fixed firmly on Cas'. "Best view I've ever seen." He grins seductively, earning him a huff.
"Will you take it, then?", he asks, gaze soft and hopeful. "I want to give it to you. For...safe-keeping." Cas smiles, the corner of his mouth quirking up meaningfully. "And as a sort of...symbolic act."
"But...Cas." Dean swallowed hard. "I know I'm not-"
"Don't do that."
, he replays Cas' words in his head, for the millionth time that night.
Eagerly awaiting your thoughts as always!!!
Relief floods Dean, much more than would probably be appropriate. Let's not think too closely about the Why here, shall we.
His brother paused, hand already grasping the door to pull it open.
Hello, my dears. I'm glad this didn't take toooo long this time.
He left Dean's body and Dean left the room.
"I started to get hard", he repeated, calmer but obviously embarrassed. "And I didn't wanna freak you out in case you'd feel it."
, Dean told himself.
"You're leaving?"
"Dean, tell- tell me again", he asked. "Please, just-"
"That's...ah. That's a bit of metal that used to be part of Baby's old bumper. Had it still lyin' around after the last time I had to replace it. Could never bring myself to part with any of her stuff y'know. Thought I might just as well bring it to good use...might be stupid but..." He blushed slightly, eyes suddenly widening. "But don't think I'm trying to compare you to my car, because of course you're more important! Geez, I didn't really think this through." (Lie. He had thought about it for weeks) "Sorry, I just...couldn't think of anything else-"
"But Dean-"
Cas said
Dean thinks the air has been sucked out of his lungs, out of the room, maybe out of the world.
Cas made a vague gesture, but Dean understood perfectly. The look on Cas' face said it all. The angel's eyes lowered to the ground, squeezed shut, pained.
The stinging in his eyes has transformed into drops running down his face. He doesn't know when he started to cry, he doesn't know when (if) he will stop, he doesn't try to. Because Cas is moving up his body, soft blue eyes meeting his, and then the angel leans down and kisses the damp trails on his cheeks, his eyelids, his temples. Cas is murmuring words as he does, quiet and soothing. Dean could swear it's Enochian. And even though he doesn't understand it, he can feel the meaning through the touch of Cas' lips all over his face and neck, promises pressed into his skin like the mark once left on his shoulder. Dean lets it happen, welcomes it, the feeling of peace and quiet that settles in his body and mind. He doesn't know if it's Cas' words or the crying or something else entirely, maybe it's a combination of all - the only thing he knows is that he has no clue how he's gone on so long without it.
needed- I- it's just that I..I-"
Sam knows that Cas had seen Dean's memories when he raised him out of Hell all those years ago, but Cas had once assured a very agitated Dean that he'd stored that information away in his mind somewhere, accessing it only if explicitly asked to.
"Really?" Cas isn't sure what to make of this. Dean is obviously still half-asleep and doesn't know what he's saying or doing. Is he taking advantage when he just...lets him? Is this wrong? Will Dean remember in the morning and hate him for using him like this? Will he-
2. Dean already is ruined for others
"You-" Dean bites his lip, snappy reply ready on his tongue, but he swallows it. Cas isn't completely wrong, he supposes. "Okay." He places his hands in his lap, threads his fingers together. "Okay, fair. I guess I deserved that. But...you didn't even
~oOo~
~oOo~
"Again", he breathed, eyes wide and so damn vulnerable. "Kiss me again."
He squeezed Cas' fingers shortly, eyes wide and fixed on the angel with an expression that had to border on awe. He moved slowly, deliberately when he inched closer, coming to kneel beside him and loosely draping an arm around Cas' shoulders, waiting for a reaction, a flinch, a nod, rejection or permission to proceed.
Dean flashes him a grin, grabbing a piece of bacon and shoving it into his mouth.
"What?"
Oh. Dean had to smile fondly at that.
It was a blur of sensation and sound after that, Cas exploring, Dean responding absolutely
When he wakes up his neck is stiff and his heart aching.
~oOo~
"I can." The way Cas said it, Dean could almost believe him. Almost.
Cas smiled back.
"But I thought-"
, he says to him in his head,
"So you...don't want to talk about it, I suppose?", Cas says after a while, gaze on his fingers that are slightly grasping at the fabric they're placed on. "I mean you don't have to. Just...if you wanted. You could tell me, you know."
he's gonna be sick. He'll throw up on their wedding day, won't he? Shit.
Cas wanted to. He did.
"Cas..." A sob, a smile. "Cas, really?"
"So Sammy will know not to disturb us", he says as if that would explain anything. Cas is used to that by now. He had needed years to understand the language of humans, not just to know the words, but to truly
Of course Cas didn't mean it. Of course not. Cas couldn't possibly have meant any of those things, those things he's turned over in his head and secretly fed on ever since they left Cas' mouth that day. He should have known better than to keep that tiny spark of hope alive. Look at him. He drinks, he swears, he sleeps around (well he doesn't do
angels. That's hardly the case here, I can assure you." Dean's mouth twitches, but there's still uncertainty in his eyes when Cas lets go of his face. "And both things you named are very Old Testamental, Dean. Those rules, they don't apply anymore, if they ever really did. The contract has been rewritten when my human brother came to earth. Believe me, sexual orientation is the last thing Heaven concerns itself with nowadays. But..." Cas presses his lips together, lowers his eyes. "If this is something that may bother you, for other reasons than antiquated biblical ones..."
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean nodded.
Cas smiles and Dean's eyes somehow manage to widen even more.
Dean shook his head forcefully, a desperate attempt not to let any of Sam's words make his determination falter.
It was easier than he'd thought it would be, once he started. This had been a good idea. He hadn't gotten to touch a lot, then, holding the flashes at bay for now. Not that he hadn't thought about touching Dean in very different contexts, though.
Dean gaped at him, thunderstruck, Cas could basically watch the wheels in his head turning, attempting to process Cas' words. He just wasn't sure if he wanted Dean to get the real meaning behind them or not.
"I wouldn't have proposed the idea if I didn't want to pursue it."
"Can you ever be happy again, Cas?", it suddenly tumbled from Dean's lips, just as Cas had settled down into his embrace again, surprising them both. He wasn't quite sure where it had come from, and now of all times, when it had gone so well for once, when it felt like neither of them had ever been happier, at least Cas had seemed happy to him-
. He's a living, breathing being, a part of his father's creation, and Chuck being a colossal dick doesn't make the world he brought to life any less beautiful. If he doesn't find the dog, if something happens to him...
He watched as Dean lay back down, reaching over to retrieve the bottle of lube from his bedside drawer and squirting some of the substance into his palm before lifting his legs, planting both his feet on the mattress. He looked nervous himself, throwing a quick glance at Cas before closing his eyes and bringing his hand down between his legs.
Soon, he promises himself. Soon.
"It's nice, though", she goes on. "Having someone like you two who know the life. And appreciate...what I do, you know", she tells him earnestly. Sometimes, it's easier to hear it from someone else's perspective. And it's no big deal for her. She's been there, too.
He had to regretfully lower his hand, instantly missing the contact even though he knew it was probably a relief for Cas.
"I mean I've...experimented a bit", Dean admitted, cursing that damn heat he knew was returning to colour his ears. "On my own. And it's not like I never imagined...y'know. With someone else."
He wants to love Dean in a way that's like lightly running a finger over his soul until he finds a crack - and then gently fill his love into that fissure until it's healed. But Dean doesn't need Cas to fix him. He needs someone to love him while he fixes himself.
Cas' eyes flickered between Dean's lips and the mattress, as if he was contemplating if he should surge forward for a kiss again or if the promise of more had been one for the future.
Cas lifts a hand to his face and wipes at his cheek, and dammit, Dean didn't even notice he'd started crying until one of the tears catches on Cas' thumb.
him - Dean could barely stand it.
He's subconsciously making a list in his head. Reasons to love him, by Dean The Coward Winchester. Like a frickin teenage girl with a school crush.
He means to catch Dean off guard, get him to share a bit more in one of those rare moments when he allows himself to be vulnerable. But the snort the hunter lets out quickly disillusions Cas' hope.
"You have free will, Dean", the angel's deep voice interrupts Dean's thoughts. "Whatever it is you want. It's all yours to take. Just tell me." And isn't that a new thought to consider. Preferably immediately.
"I love you too", he said, gently pulling Cas in. "Now kiss me."
"Because it's my decision, Dean." Cas cuts him off calmy, mercilessly. "It's my grace, my life. And you can't tell me what to do with it. It is my choice."
"Okay?" Cas released a disbelieving breath. "That was...far more enjoyable than I anticipated."
Dean was still gentle, still careful, but that passion was there again. He'd ask Cas about every new step he took, but didn't just retreat by himself if Cas didn't want him to. And, as it turned out, Cas barely ever wanted him to by now.
His voice sounded hoarse.
Dean swallowed.
He reached for Dean's other hand, brought them both up to his mouth so he could brush his lips over Dean's knuckles.
Dean blushed, but his hand didn't falter in its rhythm. He nodded.
First in Baby. Then the bunker.
His stammering would have been embarrassing if he'd had enough brain capacity left to worry about such trivialities. And Cas just kept smiling like that.
He closed the rest of the space, pressing their lips together in a deep kiss, only breaking away once his need for air demanded it.
"He was just suddenly gone, and I've been trying to find him, but I couldn't, and I'm so sorry, Dean, I know how much Miracle means to you and I should have looked after him and I-"
"Oh, fuck!"
(See the end of the chapter for
"I- I'm sorry", Dean heard himself say. "But I can't, not like this, I-"
"You mean you..."
As long as he's the problem, he can handle it. As long as he's the problem, he can keep himself in the illusion that no one he loves gets hurt when he just stays far enough away from them.
"I can still feel it", Cas whispered, let the echo of energy run through his fingers and up his arm like a stream of bubbling water. "I didn't even mean to leave it there, but I could never be sorry I did. A seraph staking a claim to an archangel's vessel, it should have been outrageous, but...it felt so right, Dean. You never belonged to him, he could never own you like he wanted, you're far too strong for that. Perhaps it was presumptuous, but I couldn't help but pride myself in you wanting to belong to me instead."
"Oh." Cas seemed surprised, but tilted his head thoughtfully, nodding to himself. "Okay."
As I said - maaaajor self-indulgence. Nightmare comfort and cuddles, yall. Cuddles...
It pained him when he realized that
Thanks for reading everyone, yall are awesome, can't wait to hear what you think!! <3
Cas didn't make any sign to move, though, and Dean wasn't quite sure where to go from here. He'd been surprisingly calm while he'd been occupied, but now he could feel the significant shift in the air that came with reality rushing back in, demanding his attention. The clock on the wall reminded him that it was still the middle of the night, Cas was all patched up, as good as could be, anyway, and he really didn't have any more excuses to occupy his attention any longer.
. He doesn't say it out loud much. He says it to himself a lot.
"Thanks, guys." Sam grins awkwardly, but seems genuinely grateful. "I guess", he adds then, and Dean laughs.
Dean huffs theatrically, Cas' smile deepens.
He shook his head against the damp fabric covering Dean's chest.
It took a bit of effort to get out, but as soon as the words left his lips, he knew they were true, even through the muddled mess twisting in his chest.
Cas sighed, and he sounded sad, tired.
He just hadn't thought Dean was the type for...random acts of affection. Usually.
"Yes." Cas shakes his head to himself, smiling so wide it hurts. "Yes, I will."
"It's good to have you back", he says, and in this moment, he looks genuinely happy, if even for only a second.
chair, and claws his fingers into the thin fabric of Cas' shirt instead. He doesn't pull, he doesn't push either (oh, damn him, he's never gonna push again), he just holds onto it, grateful for the steadying support, the wall in his back. He whimpers at the first firmer press of chapped lips against his, a sound unlike any he's ever heard escaping his own throat.
There had always been such a terrible precipe between the words they could say and the words they meant. And no one dared to take the leap across. Because it was scary, dangerous even. But the thing was, silence could be just as dangerous, growing like ivy and covering the truth until it was barely recognizable to oneself anymore.
"Yeah, I want to...to make love to you." Dean swallowed hard. "But that's not- that's not all I want. I need...Cas, I need you to tell me that this is okay." And suddenly, there was such a desperate need in Dean's eyes, a plea so intense Cas forgot to breathe. "Tell me you want this", Dean asked. "Tell me I'm yours, and that you're mine. Only mine.
No shits are given in the slightest.
to hold back, didn't want to deny himself what he could -apparently, miraculously- have, what they could both have together if he just found the courage to reach out and take that final step. He just needed a bit of a push. He needed...
"I love you too", Cas whispered, because he needed to. "You have to know-"
"First of all -" Dean congratulates himself on how steady his voice is.
"Hey, it's not dumb." Cas lifted one of Dean's hands to his mouth, pressing a light kiss to it. "You can still go if that's-"
"Should I?", Dean broke him off, his voice soft.
The days got easier and the nights got harder.
"Dean? Dean, are you alright??"
Cas glared at him, but the amused sparkle in his eyes betrayed him.
Cas hadn't been completely sure what had provoked Dean to do it, probably a combination of things: his intoxication fuelling the possessiveness he seemed to feel towards Cas, the protectiveness that came with it and that Cas couldn't get himself to actually mind, misguided as it might be. The desperation behind Dean's words had been obvious, how hard he had tried to convince Cas not to leave with someone else, how much it seemed to mean to Dean. And as little right as Dean had to make such demands, as infuriating as it had been in the moment, Cas couldn't help but cling to the thought that it had all come from a place of caring...
Cas nodded.
"There are oil glands at the base of our wings", he started to explain, shy but steady. "It's meant to keep the feathers flexible. If they dry out, they'll break. But it can also help to...stimulate the growth. You could spread it around the wounds, it will probably make them heal faster, but it would be..."
", he asks instead, not quite managing to keep the desperation out of his voice. "After all that...after
, honestly.
Cas' hand trembled when he finally reached out to touch, it hovered in the air between them, seconds ticking by, pressure building inside Dean until he couldn't stop himself anymore. He carefully lifted a hand to grasp Cas' and laced their fingers together so that his hand rested over the back of Cas'. Blue eyes followed his movement before snapping up, meeting his, wide and...frightened? Questioning? Hopeful?
This is unbetaed again, sorry. References I don't even remember putting in are randomly scattered around...if you notice any - well done.
, as he walks down the path by his brother's side. He tears up just a little bit looking at the people gathered here, Donna, Jody and the girls, Garth and his wife, Charlie and Bobby from the other universe, even Crowley and Rowena. It does have some advantages to have the almighty God (sorry, the almighty Jack) at your wedding, stuff like getting the current Queen of Hell out of said Hell to officiate a wedding even though she's sort of dead becomes considerably easier, as well as having her annoying son back from the Empty, because even when he's a prick, he has grown on you like a creepy cousin you still can't help but want to invite to family gatherings.
He looked up, sad blue eyes meeting green.
He tries to focus on the angel's eyes just so as not to stare at his mouth, but it's far too easy to get lost in the blue, far too easy to read things in their depths that are as hauntingly beautiful as they are dangerous.
"It's fucking
"No, thank
His brother looked shocked at the picture that unfolded in front of his eyes, his features contorted in disbelief and disgust at the crumpled and naked figure in the centre of Dean's mattress.
"Lie down for me, my angel", he breathed against Cas' parted lips once he found the strength to break the kiss, helping Cas to roll over onto his back with Dean straddling him.
"You gave me freedom", Cas continues seamlessly, and it's a miracle to Dean how he manages to mix the gravitas of his tone with the light smile displayed on his face. "You gave me a voice, a purpose. You gave me a family and a home. You gave me a life, Dean. You taught me how to feel, how to care, how to love. And I intend to spend the rest of my life showing you all that I've learned."
But it wasn't like in Cas' dreams, where he could just press their lips together and entwine their bodies without flinching because Dean was there to whisper words of love to him.
"I know you would never hurt me", he whispered.
"I'm...I'm tired, Cas."
"Look, there's nothing I could say that's half as romantic as the stuff you came up with, but...I just-" He trails off, needs a second to just look at him, take him in, let it settle that they're here, that he's here with Cas.
He knocks.
Dean stared at him, his lips slightly parted.
has made him wake out of more than one trance, but he's been too angry and disappointed with himself to be embarrassed about being caught. Because as much as he stares, as much as his hands twitch by his side with the need to reach out, in the end, they always curl up into a fist and stay where they are. He doesn't know why.
(See the end of the chapter for
he thinks.
"I enjoyed today too, Cas", he simply said instead, turning around to face Cas - and break the fragile atmosphere with the laugh that escaped him when he saw the angel had already changed onto his pyjama pants but was still wearing the trenchcoat on top.
"Dean?" Cas furrows his brow when Dean lies down next to him, urging the angel to roll over on top of him again. His hand feels for one of Cas' and he bites his lip when he guides it down, up his thigh and to that place to indicate what he doesn't know how to ask for with words.
"...Okay. Okay, I'm gonna trust you here."
Dean pulled the girl - Aisha? Alisha? A... whatever - away from his mouth to be able to look over her shoulder, she attacked his neck instead. He barely felt it.
This was touching for the sake of touching, to feel the comforting quality of skin contact, not to drift off into sexual territory.
"Thank you, Dean."
"Yeah, yeah, I know. It's just..." He could hear steps behind him, his brother coming up to lean against the counter beside him where Dean could see him from the corner of his eye. But he didn't look, eyes fixed in front of him.
He lightly shook his head to himself, let the smile spread on his face.
It has even given him his name. Cas. Castiel had been the Angel of the Lord, the
Then, there's the shit his mind comes up with by itself. As if reality doesn't have enough in store already. His imagination might be even worse. He's used to dreaming about Sammy dying in multiple ways -Dean being too late when he goes through the trials to close the gates of Hell, Sammy making a stupid deal to save him, Dean having to take him out because they failed to get his soul back from the cage.
"But Dean, Cas is your friend. Your
"That's good", he breathed, squeezing Cas' other hand. "You're doin' good, Cas, keep going."
. In fact, the problem he has with it is that he likes it a bit
He hadn't known what he wanted, only that he wanted something, which is the worst kind of wanting.
"I- I wanted this too, Dean. Wanted you", Cas said, small and quiet, but not hesitant in the slightest. "I- I still do", he admitted. "I just can't...can't act on it the same way anymore. But he could just as easily have found out about me and...my desires. It wasn't your fault."
And suddenly he's pressed against the wall, strong hands holding onto his arms, firm yet gentle, holding him together rather than keeping him captive.
What was he even thinking about? How awful. If Dean couldn't love him the way Cas loved him, he had to accept that. Heavens, Cas had thought he already had accepted that. And here he was, plotting how to lure Dean to fall in love with him through sex??
And damn, Cas is nervous too, Dean realises, he seems so collected but- Somehow, that makes him feel a lot better about his own heart that is beating furiously in his chest at the mere thought of anything in the direction of "sexual relations".
So he could never tell him. Not to spare them the awkwardness, not to spare himself the shame of an unrequited confession. Just to spare Dean the pain of knowing that he was unable to give Cas everything he thought he needed. Speaking his truth may have been an act of freedom for Cas, but he couldn't be so selfish to take it at the cost of caging Dean instead.
I'm personally not quite satisfied with this chapter, but those sometimes turned out to be some of you guys' favourites so..we'll wait and see.
Dean doesn't want to admit to himself that that's the part that worries him the most. Vanishing without a word or any apparent reason does kinda make sense when you don't plan on coming back. Dean forces the thought down into the dark pit it came from. He's ashamed he even allowed it emerge. He shouldn't question Cas like that.
It was all the invitation Cas needed.
He felt Dean's cheek settle on his head once more, heard the understanding in his soft voice.
Awesome.
This was one of the worst things about that whole mess, the way it had overshadowed Cas' wishes and fantasies with a harsh reality that tainted every idea Cas had ever had about what physical touch between two beings was supposed to feel like.
"Cas,
Warm breath ghosts over his ear and neck where he can feel goosebumps forming on his skin. And oh fuck that means he's cuddling. With a man. And he's the fucking
"You know, Jack...Dean and Cas, they..." He doesn't really know what to say. He doesn't want to worry the boy, and he has actually no idea how to describe what's going on, because he has no fucking clue himself. "They are going through a hard time right now", he says vaguely, because what else is there to say? "But they just...sorta...do that sometimes, y'know? They always come around eventually. Don't worry about it."
"Cas...Cas, wai-"
"Beautiful", he says out loud for the first time since he'd learned how to think it, a smile tucking at the corners of his mouth when Dean blushes.
Dean swallowed, tried to get rid of the sudden lump in his throat, prayed Cas couldn't hear the tears in his voice. He quickly wiped his eyes with the back of his hand, making sure the movement wasn't visible from Cas' angle (and that he didn't get oil on his face).
With the right person, kissing sometimes feels like healing.
"Making it up as we go", Cas says slowly, a smile forming on his still red-kissed lips. "That does sound wonderful, Dean. I don't- I mean we don't need to-" He sighs, directing eyes at Dean that hold more fondness than one single Dean Winchester should be able to handle. "I just want to be close to you", Cas says as truthfully as only Cas can. "In any way you'd let me."
, but- that's- You're
This is my first work in this fandom so sorry beforehand.
Would love to hear your thoughts afterwards!
"Leave
"Thanks, Cas." Eileen watches him leave and can't help but be even more grateful for the warmth of Sam's hand, reminding her that perhaps, she's already found what the angel is so desperately craving.
"Focus on the sensation." He kissed a trail down the angel's neck and to his shoulder. "Let it spread. Concentrate on how good it feels."
, since when does Dean Winchester
What are they? What is Cas to him? What is Cas in this world?
At least he'd never said his name. He'd never said Dean. Maybe he couldn't bear to say it, now that he thought the person belonging to that name, the person he thought to be his friend, was capable of this.
"Does anything hurt?", he asked, worried, but Cas shook his head.
But oh, if he isn't going to find out...
"I mean...yeah."
"I hope so. Chuck was not a very good God, was he?", Jack asks innocently, tilting his head to the side, and
"T'was just a dream", Dean whispered back. "I'm here. Just a dream."
"Just wanted to make sure you're certain. We haven't done this before", Dean pointed out quite unnecessarily, as if Cas didn't know that perfectly well himself. "And the kissing is still so new. You don't have to move faster than you're comfortable with."
"What do you think, Dean."
And then he moved, pulled back gently and bottomed out again in one smooth thrust, and
No. They aren't twelve for heaven's sake. He knows he just uses the age bullshit as an excuse, it shouldn't be an issue, lots of people go by it. But it doesn't feel right when he tries to wrap his tongue around it, the idea of introducing Cas as his boyfriend making him cringe.
Cas' hand came up to grip Dean's arm, but not to stop him, simply to have something to hold onto as they kissed again.
, Dean had said.
to me. Being here by your side, it's a gift."
"Say it again", he pants, pleads in the space between them. "Please, Cas, say my name."
It seemed like an eternity until they finally broke apart with the need for air, and Dean had to smile over the way Cas was chasing his lips when he drew back, eyes still closed. And damn, he was a vision like this. Lips slightly parted, red and kiss-swollen, his cheeks painted in a rosy blush. Dean had done that. Cas looked like that because of him,
"Yeah. Sure, we can do that." Dean pressed a kiss to Cas' temple. "Whatever you want."
"I just wanted...to say sorry again", Dean said. Cas sighed internally. "I know what I did was out of line. I had no right to do that, any of that. And I'm sorry."
"Do you remember when I told you about...how there's physical and emotional desire?", he tried.
It had been in that dream that it happened, Dean was sure. He hadn't even known angels could do that. He knew they could enter dreams, but possess someone through a dream? That had been new. But it had to be then. There was no other way. And Dean had felt it. The change. He just hadn't known what it was, back then, had forgotten about it soon. He'd had more urgent matters to tend to at the time. Like a gorgeous, gloriously naked angel writing on top of him.
"To him", Dean stated, his voice empty.
Dean smirks.
"We'll send you a fruit basket."
"I mean...yeah." Dean blushed at the admission, shy and beautiful. His gaze fell on Cas' trembling hand, a small smile on his lips.
"Yeah", he agreed. "Yeah, definitely. I'd like that better too, Cas."
"Yes, actually, I have...things to do", he says lamely, too tired to come up with anything not totally obviously a lie. "Reading", he adds nonetheless, just for good measure. "Yes."
Cas smiled back now, a beautiful thing, filled with hope and love. He lifted their hands to his lips, pressed a light kiss to Dean's knuckles.
"I couldn't."
, that he
Dean breathes out, closes his eyes.
"Oh dear..." Rowena wipes at her eyes, careful not to disrupt her artistically applied make-up. "That was...certainly something now, wasn't it." She clears her throat, attempting to chase the hoarseness away all the held-back tears have caused. "I don't believe anyone will mind if we just jump to the important bits...You poor boys really have been waiting long enough. As have the rest of us." She gives them a playfully scolding glance, smirking when Dean raises a warning eyebrow. "Do you have the rings?"
His eyes quickly flash over to Cas who stands a few feet away in the background, watching the scene with the emotion written clearly in every feature. There's obvious love there, undisguisedly shining from his eyes, slight amusement that curls the corner of his mouth and something heavier underneath, a sense of longing that Sam has gotten used to spotting on the angel's face. Not that it hadn't been there since he knew Cas. Or that Cas had ever been good in concealing it. Sam had simply needed some time and study to make out what it was and how it seems to be particularly connected to Dean. It's been years since he was sure he'd figured it out. Sadly that couldn't be said about his totally oblivious squirrel of a brother. Although Sam wouldn't rule out that Dean's ignorance is anything but innocent coincidence.
Cas kissed him then, and the tenderness it conveyed punched the breath out of Dean's chest, the feeling of being worshipped causing his heart to trip over itself, his hands helplessly gripping onto his angel as if trying to keep him from slipping away.
This is a mess. His hand is a mess, and the wall is a mess, and the shattered glass sprinkled with bourbon at his feet is a mess. He is a fucking mess.
"Dean." Cas' voice dissolved into a whine, wrapping his arms around Dean's shoulders to pull the hunter on top of him, keep him closer. "I need you."
Cas looks up at him with a questioning glance and tilts his head, making Dean chuckle because damnit, he's just too fucking adorable, okay?
"Of course", he said, and Dean smiled.
"What?"
It hadn't been like this, in his dreams. Of course it hadn't.
"Aren't you going to turn around?"
Cas looks up at him when Dean leans back slighly, hopeful and expectant and not shy in the least.
And to Dean's great delight, those nasty voices of guilt and shame were blissfully quiet during their sessions. As soon as he had his angel in his arms (or the other way around), everything else went silent, drowned out by the overwhelming sensation of pleasure and happiness he allowed himself to indulge in until he was completely swallowed up in it. (Who knew how long until it was snatched away from him again? He had to savour every second to its fullest.)
His gaze found Cas', and suddenly his eyes were the ones that watered, the fear that had shone in that beautiful blue only moments ago flashing up before him, alternating with the unreadable mixture of emotion they displayed now. He couldn't tell them apart, but there was definitely pain woven in, and that was enough for Dean to let his hand drop.
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
Dean.
He had to look away.
, and especially what's going on
He'd gone in again shortly, yes, but just to make sure that he was fine. Cas hadn't been sure about going with Tony in the first place, he knew he couldn't bring himself to do it now. It had never been what he wanted, had been Cas’ own act of desperation, the angel was well aware, born from sadness and loneliness. He felt even more sad and lonely now, but it was no use - he knew there was no one else who'd ever be able to fill the emptiness, that decidedly Dean-shaped hole that had been torn into his heart when he first laid a hand on him in Hell.
Dean jumps at the sudden sound behind him, dropping the pan he had been only slightly obsessively scrubbing. Nope, he doesn't think too closely about if his shock was due to the unexpectedness, or the
~oOo~oOo~oOo~
and he hasn't said anything to Cas.
It all sounded too perfect to be true, his fantasies finally coming to life, his desire clashing in a conflicting battle with the nagging memories of past pain and agony.
Dean lifted his eyebrows, needing no more explanation for Cas to know what he was asking. Even through the colour already painting Cas' cheeks, he could see the angel blushing deeper as he bit his lip and nodded.
Thoughts, my dears? :)
And then, finally, after years and years, when their children's children have grown up, and Dean and Cas have watched it all, side by side, a day will come when they know. They won't be sure how, maybe it's something Jack arranged so they have time to say a temporary goodbye to their friends and family. And that's what they will do, returning to their bedroom after a day spent with all the people they love.
"No."
Tender touches mapping out his sides, all untainted skin by now, the purple marks vanished.
did this to him", Dean repeated. Couldn't Sam understand that?
touching them. He couldn't say. No one else had ever touched his wings, after all. He'd felt it immediately when Dean's fingers began to stroke through the feathers, a pleasant tingle that promised more. But it had stayed that, a promise.
She innocently shrugs her shoulders again, smiles this smile of hers that carries just a hint of mysteriousness and mischief.
He smiled a genuine smile. It was true, they really were doing good. Far better than either could ever have imagined a few months ago.
Dean's eyes don't leave the angel for a split second while he walks the rest of the way, no longer in need of controlling his feet, they've always known how to lead him to Cas, anyway.
But it wasn't just for Dean. It was just as much for himself. He needed it, that liberation, that knowledge that he went without any secrets to be left unsaid, that happiness that lay in hearing the words from his own lips and having them heard by the ears they had always been meant for.
As if Dean knew what he needed to hear.
"Dean?"
did, the way Dean prayed it always would.
Of course Cas would think that, of course he'd assume Dean had only acted on instinct to keep him from returning to that guy, that it hadn't meant anything... Fuck, he'd screwed up.
. He needs to get this right, he needs Cas to understand, he needs Cas to... He needs
"Should I...?"
"Thank you, Sam. But I'm sure I will be fine." Cas smiles at him encouragingly. "You two go and have a nice time together."
There's a smile tugging at the corner of Dean's mouth, understanding and empathetic.
"Thank you." The smile he'd given the other man had been genuine. "I feel the same."
There was general concern in Cas' eyes, and Dean hated it, hated knowing that it was concern for someone that
Not that he'd reject anything Dean had plain out
Cas had finally asked about them when they were alone and peacefully tucked away in their bedroom the previous evening.
"But I- I want..."
"There's nothing wrong with being nervous, Cas." Dean let a hand trail through Cas' soft messy locks. "I'm nervous, too", he admitted. "But I'm also excited. I want you. But one word from you and we'll stop."
If they were to take that step, that leap - it would have to be the hunter's choice, his to make and his to set the pace. If he couldn't...Cas would keep waiting. (To him, honest love is less about how much you would do for someone, and more about how long you would wait, unable to do anything at all. If that's what it takes, Cas knows he would wait forever.)
"I know." Dean nodded, and in his eyes Cas could see that it was true. "I know, angel. Come here." Dean pulled him back in, resting his chin on Cas' head. "We don't have to, okay?", he said then, a suggestion, a promise. "We can just stop. And try again in a few weeks. Months. Years. Or never. Whatever it is you want. I love you. And I'm still gonna love you afterwards, whether we do this or not."
"But it's not..."
His hand was warm where it curled around Dean's, his eyes soft when they met wide green.
back then. Of course he hadn't.
It was usually Cas who went and fixed it for him. But what to do when he'd fucked up with
"Could we start with some kissing again?" Cas smiled back, still nervous but apparently a little more at ease. “I seem to really enjoy that. It makes it a lot easier to...well, get..into..."
"Please, don't."
(To Hell with the damn blush if he could make the angel smile like that.)
Cas saw to it to keep the contact short, light, careful.
he added in thought as he did so often, wishing he could say it out loud.
He watches how Cas reaches around him and into the pocket of his coat that's hanging over the back of their chair, and when his hand appears again it's holding onto that little glass vial he had thrown at Dean yesterday. Now he is holding it out to him, cautious, hesitant.
