“Put his heart back in his chest. If you believe in it, it’ll work. Otherwise, they’ll both die.”
Moving to Brooklyne? That would be—it would be amazing.
It took a while to decide what to paint on it, but in the end Steve decided on a simple pattern of alternating bands of deep blue and red. In the middle, he painted a blue circle, leaving space for a star in the centre. While he worked, Jarvis looked and helped, casting a simple spell to protect the paint from wear and tear. When Steve was done, he admired the shield: it was perfect.
Jocasta leered at them.
No trees, barely enough grass to cushion the hard edges of the pebbles and rocks littering the hillside. All he could see, in the dim twilight, was acres and acres of grass, no caves or bigger boulders to hide under.
Tony had given Jarvis something that he didn’t have.
There’s no time to think. He needs to secure Steve. It can’t end like this.
On their seventh fight as Avengers, Steve gets injured. He brawls with a saber-toothed tiger (this fight is against a magician who’s put life into old fossils) and the tiger rips his sleeve off, tearing open Steve’s shoulder. The wound isn’t very deep, and Steve carries on with the fight until he subdues the tiger. Tony’s busy with three mammoths, so he doesn’t see Steve (only hears his quiet gasp of pain on the comms) until they’re done with the fight. Tony touches down, at a safe distance from the animals and the wounded, and flips his faceplate up before turning around and coming face to face to Steve, blood still oozing from his wound. Tony freezes as the sight and smell overwhelm him. It’s so close, and there, and available. Tony could take three steps, kneel down, and lick at the wound. It’s already open and pulsing for him.
“You don’t deserve a good life. A first-born should be happy their life isn’t worse. You’re a good for nothing. Can’t even defend yourself. Don’t know anything about magic. Need someone to protect you. Why would you think you deserve Tony? He doesn’t care about you. He’s too good for you. He deserves someone like O’Casta, or Potts.”
“Alright, so you’re just a volatile libertine then? Of course, that’s
Why would Tony be looking for someone as useless as Steve, besides? He wasn’t interesting, was good for nothing apart painting things that moved, and scaring away inanimate objects.
Better that Steve directs his rage at one person than the whole word. Tony can take it. As long as Steve can focus his hate, he won’t lose himself. It’s better this way, really, and it’s not like Tony doesn’t deserve it, either.
Steve lunged, a desperate attempt at barging through them, and he collided with one of the soldiers, tumbling to the ground with him. They rolled in the dirt, fighting for the upper hand, which Steve gained when he punched the soldier in the face, who went limp under him. He silently thanked the higher powers that the bayonet hadn’t gone straight through him during the fall but froze when he heard the tell-tale click of a musket that was loaded and ready to fire.
He wants Steve, and he wants his blood.
He was stuck with Stark. Stark, who ate young people’s hearts, Stark who lied about his identity. Stark, who now held all the power over Steve’s recovery from the curse. If the Sorcerer Supreme hadn’t been gone, he could have asked him, but that wasn’t an option anymore.
Everything’s muted, the colours bleeding away. The world is turning grey, save for the vivid red of their blood mingling on Steve’s skin, and his blue, blue eyes.
“You’re coming with us, we’re going to find out what is wrong with you.”
More importantly, through the door that led to miss O’Casta.
“No.”
Steve’s disgusted by him, and he should be, and he’ll be happy when Tony finally meets his end.
When his hair hadn’t changed colour in five minutes, Stark’s face crumpled.
“Don’t you ever think about others? Don’t you care about the families your conquests leave behind? Or do you just sell them a spell to help with their mourning? How does it feel, to dupe everyone around you? I bet you laugh at them, at the poor people thinking they’re dealing with a respectable magician instead of a vile murderer?”
Tony struggled up into a sitting position, grabbing his chest with one hand, wiping his brow with the other.
It didn’t make any sense.
Steve talks and laughs with Tony, opens himself up just a little more every time they spend time together, and Tony doesn’t know what he wants most: to kiss Steve, or to kill him.
He could use his middle name, Grant. Grant Rogers. It wasn’t unusual for cousins to have the same surname, right?
The blue glow around Stark had completely disappeared by now, his hair back in its normal shape, his feet touching the ground once more. He sat down heavily on the floor and turned towards the fireplace.
He stared at his own hand, his own, thin and sickly hand, and suddenly he felt Tony’s weight again, felt every ache in his joints and muscles.
Tony pinched his lips.
“She took control over James to tell me this. It’s so—it’s so cruel, she didn’t need to hurt him like that, but she did, just to mock me—this always happens to the people around me—getting hurt for no—I need to meet someone. I can still stop this. Got to make it right.”
It should be said again: Steve was doing everything wrong. Or rather, he was too caught up in Tony to think about all the other things he was supposed to do.
Tony’s always been a man of excesses. He’s never been shy about enjoying himself, never passed an opportunity to find pleasure in a drug, in a drink, or in someone. He’s not used to being kept wanting. This time is different, though, because what he wants is Steve, and he can’t have him.
? This man had no business being this attractive.
Steve wasn’t in the mood to make small talk. He wanted to do something, but without Tony, they were sitting ducks. Tony, even weakened as he was, was still the one who was most likely to survive a fight with the Witch.
They looked up at him, and Cap stepped towards Tony, body-language open and reassuring, but Iron Man held him back with a hand on his wrist.
There are many things they need to work out, how the time loop started in the first place, how they broke out of it, where the other teammates are. They should be making plans on how to deal with the aftermath of Tony’s betrayal, because Tony and the Illuminati need to be held accountable, and now they have something they didn’t have, and maybe they can fix the incursions with the time gem, now that they have it. The future is rife with new possibilities, but that can come later.
Now, he’s wandering the streets in the same clothes he’s worn for months, looking for a woman he can’t help. It’s Christmas tomorrow, and the blizzard is so thick that he can’t see more than a few feet before him.
Steve was thrown backwards, hitting his head hard, his ears ringing from the deep thundering. When he got back up again, there was no trace of the Witch nor Tony in the skies.
the Witch to find them?
Her maw was open wide, a hideous grin that took over her whole face. Her tongue licked Tony’s heart, and Steve knew that she was about to eat it.
“I swear I’m not… I can show you, it’s just—"
“Miss, please come back at a later time, or even better, Tony can visit you when he comes back. I don’t know when that’ll be, and I would hate to have you wait here for hours.”
Above the water, dark clouds were forming, hinting at a storm. The sky darkened, a distant rumble making itself heard. Both Tony and the Witch looked up at that, and suddenly their fight changed. The Witch seemed to disappear from an instant to the next, but Tony was still shooting blue energy into the seemingly empty air.
He looked around, desperate for help.
He walked to the pile of wood and started pushing it away from the fire. Two could play at this game.
“This isn’t what it looks like, Cap, he—”
Instead of hurting him, the spell bounced back from his shield. His shield could protect him from magic as well, then. He could use that to his advantage. If he managed to get Tony behind him, he could act as a mirror and wall at the same time, reflecting the Witch’s spells, protecting Tony.
Steve’s all over the place, mixing everything, but he’s right, he’s right, and he almost understands, almost gets it, but Tony can’t tell him, because that would break the last shreds of their friendship.
He was trying to convince himself to drag Tony to the couch when the man in question awoke with a groan.
He thanked Lord Fury and asked for news about his sister. She was as hard-working as she had ever been, striking a quick friendship with one of the other apprentices, the lord told Steve. She was very promising and had already climbed the ranks of the guild in the short time she’d been here. She had immediately understood that there was more to Stark than met the eye when the wizard had first approached her and she had reported to her superiors with surprising insight. She’d even assured them that she would never fall in love with him, because her heart belonged to someone else already.
Steve dragged himself down to the kitchen, still shivering from the nightmares.
Her magic shattered into a million little sparks that disappeared into thin air.
It’s not as if there’s any doubt that he’s doing this. It’s surprisingly easy to set things up. Tamper a little with a few nerves, cancel Extremis’ reflexive countermeasures, overload his neurons, send a signal to his heart. His heart beats, strong, healthy, once, twice, and stops. Tony can almost feel the blood slowing to a halt in his veins.
“Imagine my surprise when I answered the door one day and you were there! Beautiful as always, just waiting for the curse to sink into you. It had taken me so long to slip the first half of it through the door, but I didn’t even need to try with the second half, since you came to me! I was delighted, even more so when you started flirting with me. Here you were, oblivious to whom I was, and you were even trying to spend more time with me. I just had to play hard to catch, until you invited me home and I could take your heart.”
Tony’s legs give out, but instead of crashing to the ground, he’s held in a steady grip, and Steve’s eyes aren’t angry anymore, the storm gone, a calm sea the only thing left. He’s smiling slightly.
He collapses on top of Steve, shielding him from any attack. The armour’s around him, safe and strong. He made it.
Steve wanted to believe that it was because Tony’s mansion was in that place, but he knew it was more likely because miss O’Casta was there, and Tony didn’t want to cut the connection to her. It still rankled, but now that Steve was sure that Tony wasn’t really courting her, it didn’t rankle as much anymore.
Jarvis pulsed, once, twice, three times, sending out a powerful wave of compressed air right at Steve. It knocked him over, just as Stark threw open the door, completely surrounded by the blue glow. He flew to Steve, made a complicated gesture with his fingers, screaming something.
“If there’s a skull, he would like to have it.”
Of course, Tony tries to find Steve anyway. Just to know where he is. Just in case Nomad needs help. But it doesn’t work. He tries, and tries, and tries, but Steve’s gone.
It sounded a little too forced to be genuine. Cap didn’t notice, just smiled radiantly at Stark, and Stark instantly melted, any lingering annoyance (jealousy?) forgotten. He sidled up next to Cap, not so coincidentally putting himself between Cap and Tony. Tony didn’t say anything. It was amusing, to say the least. He knew how possessive he could get with the people he liked, and it seemed like that was a character trait that Stark shared with him.
Steve hurriedly looked the other way.
Steve looked around him, half expecting to see a wolf lunge at him, but he was completely alone. The snarling was coming from the bushes a little further away, just next to where a sturdy stick was jutting out of the shrubbery. It would make for a good walking stick, Steve mused, as well as a possible weapon against the animal. He inched nearer, and on his third try, managed to pull the stick out of the bushes. It wasn’t a stick, however, but a scarecrow that had gotten itself stuck somehow. The scarecrow was strangely clad, with a dark red robe of sorts, adorned with swirls and symbols that Steve didn’t recognise.
“The curse has been fulfilled. This will make it easier.”
He placated Stark:
Why was the scarecrow here? Who knew what it wanted? Maybe it was haunted by a ghost? Maybe it needed help? Again?
It couldn’t be right, could it? They still had almost a week left, Steve had been so sure of it, he’d carefully checked. Hadn’t he?
“Still, I should—I won’t stay a human much longer—I went back to Natasha and told her everything about the curse. She knows, she knows it was me, knows what happened to you, knows you left your home. She still—She doesn’t blame me, but she should, I don’t—”
He helped Tony up, and they staggered together to the couch, where Tony lay down excruciatingly slowly. He was breathing shallowly, his body shivering in cold sweat, his left arm covered in blood, a cut bleeding sluggishly on his temple. The marks were pulsing malevolently on his chest. Steve wished he knew how to stop them from getting bigger.
“What I’m seeing is that Iron Man is roughing up his employer, for no good reason. What is happening here? Are you, are you trying to… blackmail him into giving you a better pay?”
Stark’s “cowardice” had to be caused by the curse. Both him and Jarvis had known about it, and Stark’s solution had been to avoid the Witch, which explained why he was so reluctant to accept the King’s offer. Now that Steve thought of it, a lot of Stark’s behaviour could be explained by the curse. If the marks were connected to it, then Stark had known for quite some time. And that could be a reason as to why he was so fickle. If Steve knew his days were counted, wouldn’t he, too, want to spend as much as possible of them in good company? Or, at least, with beautiful people?
“Stark has entered our domain. I suspect he doesn’t know of your presence, and that the armour was using his magic? Which would explain why it deactivated.”
When they were face to face again, Tony thanked him. Steve asked him how the Witch had found him.
The armour touches down seconds before the armoured van transporting Steve arrives. Tony slips out of it and into the crowd as the van slows to a stop.
be Tony Stark. It’s impossible.”
One of the first features that Tony designed for the suit is the air filter. He can’t allow the slightest gas or odour to come through. If he smells blood, he’ll lose control, and in his line of work, there’s a lot of blood involved. His own, pulsing through his adrenaline-loaded veins in combat or leaking sluggishly from a head wound after Tony takes a nasty hit. The blood of his enemies, splattering up in elegant arcs when Tony forgoes the repulsor beams for some good old-fashioned bullets, a glistening trail on the ground, scarlet droplets on Iron Man, tiny rivulets between his fingers after he crushes a goon’s skull.
what he was doing? Steve couldn’t believe his ears.
“You believe he’s Tony Stark, right? And he looks like, he looks like Tony. I guess the easiest way to show you that it can’t be possible is--There really is no way out of this, huh? Who would have thought this would happen like this? I mean, I should have done this earlier. Would have solved a lot of things, made everyone’s lives easier. Well, there’s no going back now, I suppose.”
He still hears it when Steve says: “I’ll be here when you want to do this again.”
She let her hand trail lower, resting it in the middle of his chest.
Loud bangs were coming from the harbour, lights flashing in the sky. Steve ran as fast as he could, pushed his legs until they were aching with every step, and kept running. He was the only one running to the fight and not from it.
They sat, looking at the fire, Steve acutely aware of their shoulders and thighs touching. He had never been this close to Tony before—at least without a danger nearby or either of them in varying states of unconsciousness—and he couldn’t stop thinking about it. He dared a glance at Tony. The feathers were slowly falling off him, some stuck in his hair and in the blanket. The scales were receding, leaving the marks as the only reminder of his curse. He burrowed further into the blanket.
logs anymore.
Steve was walking home from the docks one evening when he heard loud voices in a nearby alley. He immediately went to see what was happening: someone might need his help. There were two soldiers crowding a teenaged girl, standing too close to her with a glint in their eyes that made Steve’s jaw clench. The girl was backed against a wall, talking with a pitch that was high and panicked. Steve planted himself in the middle of the alley, readying himself for a scuffle. This wouldn’t be his first one, after all. He’d developed a habit of never knowing when to stop when he saw a situation going south. Natasha always used to laugh at him when he’d come back home with a black eye and bruised knuckles, telling him he’d never go far in life if he wasted his time on street fights, to which he would respond that he wasn’t going to go far in life anyways, so he could just as well make the best of it, couldn’t he? Sarah, their mother, would only ask why he had gotten in a fight, and when he replied that he’d seen someone getting bullied, or stopped a thief, or helped some poor soul, she’d smile approvingly. Steve knew he was a bit too bull-headed for his own good, but he couldn’t back out of a fight if he was fighting for the right cause.
He ran, and ran, and ran, and ran.
It didn’t matter. He would have to lie to answer the questions of his nosy neighbours and customers, but he didn’t care about that at the moment. He cared about Tony, and the fact that he was yet one step closer to death, and that Steve had done exactly nothing to help. Quite the contrary, in fact.
“I understand. When will I meet Potts?”
Cap suddenly spoke up: “Mr. Stark, what date is it for you?”
He wanted to ask Stark, but that would only arouse unwanted questions from the wizard. Maybe Jarvis knew. Speaking of, he needed to get out of Shield grounds as soon as possible. Lord Fury wasn’t malicious, but Steve would feel safer with the armour at his back. He put the pieces back into the cloth and walked the rest of the way to the front gate, where he thanked Lord Fury for his time and promised to come back to see Natasha.
Steve tensed. He’d forgotten about the weredog as well, he was being so quiet. A quick glance behind him confirmed that he hadn’t moved, still listening intently to their conversation. Could he understand them in dog form?
The first human blood Tony tasted was Obadiah’s blood. It was leagues better than animal blood. It was fresher, richer, tastier. Cow blood was to human blood like piss-cheap beer was to a decade-old single malt whiskey. There was no comparison to be made.
He wanted to see a falling star.
They were going into that black void? It was a place? But why had Jarvis told Steve not to go there? And why was Stark so relaxed about it, when Steve had felt such malevolence coming from it?
The tricky part was putting all the things back in place. He did his best, but some of them had been on the ground, or in the bathtub, so he put them on the shelves instead. There was room, and it was better like that. Stark couldn’t complain.
She knew who he was, because Stark had told her about him? Steve felt something warm in his chest. Stark was telling his friends about Steve. Steve was at least
tried to tell them about himself, and Steve had only been standing there like a tree.
Something was thrown into him, sending him back to the floor. The thing, no, the person, was a dark blur. It moved away again, almost too fast for Steve to follow. He stayed on his knees on the ground, watching his hands. They were stained now, where they’d held the person. Stained dark with blood.
? Oh, that’s right, you
Maybe Tony had been looking for him when he was still a strong and handsome man, because he was looking for his next conquest, and needed someone that lived alone. Steve would have been the perfect candidate for a night of fun: a good body, a lonely soul, and mutual interest. Not that Tony could have known that Steve was interested. But the other things added up. Tony had looked into Steve, maybe to make sure he wasn’t seeing anyone, or to find him at an appropriate place and time. And that was why he’d approached Steve in the alley with the soldiers. But that didn’t explain why the Witch had wanted to know about Steve.
Steve didn’t like to think about what Stark was doing.
“Yes, I guess you’re right. It’s just so… I didn’t expect Tony Stark to be Iron Man. It seems almost too good to be true. Sorry, hm.”
Or was she genuinely looking for him?
Jocasta died with a garbled moan.
He can’t help them. He’s not Iron Man anymore.
Jocasta needed another heart because the Witch of the Waste’s heart was too weak.
And he had the nerve to pretend that he didn’t know what Steve was alluding to? Well, Steve could be very explicit if he had to, and he wanted to, wanted to rub it in Stark’s face.
He winked at Cap, whose ears went pink. Cap’s smile turned more genuine.
He wondered if his ice block would ever melt, or if it would stay cold forever, trapping him there for all eternity.
Lord Fury smirked slightly but acquiesced. He gave Steve a sky-blue cloth to put the armour pieces in—it had to be infused with some kind of magic to make the armour easier to carry, Steve mused—and they were walking back towards the entrance when something ran into Steve from behind, scattering the pieces of armour everywhere and knocking Steve to the ground. The thing had managed to tangle itself into the cloth, snarling and twisting in a fruitless effort to be free. Sir Coulson came running soon after, apologising profusely for losing the dog. He extricated the dog from the cloth, hoisting it up into his arms, and Steve gasped in surprise as he saw it. It was the same dog he’d freed from under the bush all those weeks ago! What was it doing in the Shield guild, of all places?
it was, but it looked like a gigantic metal monster. The thing was groaning as its four legs carried it towards Steve. Smoke was spouting from several small chimneys, doors and windows and turrets were protruding from the metal and stone body. From some places, an eery blue light shone through, and the same light appeared to be pooling under the claws of the creature. The whistling and whining were coming from every direction at once, making Steve ears ring. Things that could be eyes but were as likely to be windows were mounted on the front of the thing, seemingly staring right at Steve.
he thought half-coherently— the other gripping the shield so tightly that his knuckles were white.
Steve couldn’t believe it. Was his problem going to be solved that easily? Not even a day of travel, and he’d already found someone that could help him? But then again, the fire demon might be asking for something impossible.
Cap turned beet red. Tony winked at him, feeling the pull of the key intensifying. He decided to push the two men in front of him in the right direction, as a thank you gift.
Instead, he raised his shield, and shattered the rotten door. He jumped inside, adrenaline coursing through his veins, all his senses sharp and alert. He needed to find Tony, and together they’d fight the Witch. He ran inside the castle, through corridor after corridor, rushing past room after room, all empty, or filled with debris in various states of decay. There was nothing left but the putrid smoke and the oily black rocks.
It’s 06:03.
, though.
She nodded, her lips thinning.
Steve comes to stand before him, looking down on him, keeping the power imbalance. It’s petty, and Tony wants to be petty too, wants to order his suits to restrain Steve, wants to stun him, keep him in a antigravitational field, make him stop hurting Tony, but he knows he won’t, because he doesn’t really want to, does he.
“I—I didn’t need—I mean. I got bored of her.”
When was the last time that Tony and Steve have been so intimate, touching each other from head to toe?
And with that, Stark had effectively cut off the conversation. Steve excused himself from the bathroom to give him privacy and started cleaning up the leftover slime from the stairs and floor. When he was back in the kitchen, Jarvis was unharmed, but his eyes were still troubled. He asked Steve if he had seen anything strange, and Steve knew that Jarvis knew about the marks, or at least suspected they were there. He told Jarvis about them nonetheless, his suspicions confirmed when Jarvis became even more worried.
He wants.
Tony can’t help himself, he’s drawn to Steve. He invites him down to the workshop, gives him art supplies, insinuates himself in Steve’s life. He can’t stay away. He’s a parasite leeching onto the best thing that comes close enough.
“Tony.”
It’s not fair. None of this is fair. None of this was supposed to happen.
you were doing?”
Extremis should, Extremis should be able to deal with it.
Steve had never seen Stark this angry before.
“I. Yes.”
“Let this heart and this star have another thousand years!”
“Yes, exactly. I’ll tell you exactly what to do once the time comes, but it’s getting late, and I still need to do a quick errand, so why don’t we postpone this conversation, okay? Good night!”
Tony loved every drop of Obie’s blood.
There was knocking again.
If Tony could speak, he would thank Steve. Thank him for giving this to Tony. Thank him for touching him.
It’s fucking selfish, what he’s doing.
“What’s happening?”
Steve felt heat rising up his throat and cheeks and cursed his inability to lie convincingly. Thankfully, Stark didn’t know his tells, and dipped his head in a nod, as if it all made sense. It was so strange, seeing Stark like this, so tall and strong and handsome and—
The dog was panting, chest expanding as if it had made a great effort. It wasn’t growling, just trembling slightly in front of the fireplace. Jarvis was silent, most probably trying to understand why the dog had entered the castle. Was it looking for Tony? Did the dog hate him that much? Or had Lord Fury sent it? There wasn’t anything on it that suggested at a message.
She looked at him, examined him, and all he could do was widen his eyes. Had he heard right? Was she really the Witch of the Waste? The same woman who had allegedly killed the Sorcerer Supreme and threatened the King? If that was right, and he had the sinking feeling that it was, Steve was in very big trouble. He had no inkling as to what she was talking about, but if she considered him an enemy, she would kill him without hesitation, and easily. He couldn’t even speak, much less defend his life. What was it with everyone wanting him dead tonight?
It’s a quality Tony has always admired in Steve, his dedication, his resolve to fight until the end. Steve never surrenders, never gives up, and it has saved them all countless times, but now that this resolve is directed against Tony, it can only end in a tragedy. Because Tony won’t back down either. What he’s fighting for is more important than hurt feelings or betrayal. He can’t take his own, or anyone else’s, feelings on the matter into account. There is finding a way to end the incursions, and nothing else.
It’s for the best, he thinks. That way it will hurt them less.
He wraps his arms around him, as if that will stop the biting of the wind and the wet burn of the snow.
Across the kitchen, Jarvis had stopped crackling.
“Honey, you can do nothing against me. You’re so hopelessly outclassed, it isn’t even funny. You are
Steve might have slept, he might have died, but something brought him back. The light had changed colour.
As for the weredog’s request not to tell Tony, Steve wasn’t so sure that it was a good idea. Indeed, a giant white dog in the middle of the kitchen wasn’t exactly inconspicuous. Steve would go down and give Tony his coffee, make sure that he was alright, and then he would tell him about their new guest.
“Clearly he
? And she still resents you for that?
Tony had also said that if the curse wasn’t stopped, he would be dead, or
Joy O’Casta.
Jarvis had been a falling star, and by saving him, Tony had bound them together. He had given something to Jarvis, then, when he was just a boy. Jarvis had mentioned that Tony had felt sorry for him. Had Tony given him an emotion? Empathy? Compassion?
Stark said it with a wink and a self-depreciating smile, and Steve wondered if Stark really thought he had him fooled. He might have, if he hadn’t seen the mess on his chest, but now Steve knew better. Stark may be fickle, but he wasn’t as vain as he tried to imply.
“We’re going to get out of this, and then you’re going to answer for your crimes.”
The words were so unexpected that Steve could only gape at Lord Fury.
“So, want to tell me what really happened?”
He just needs a little time. Just needs to find a shred of motivation. Just needs a little push and then he’ll face the day. Steve will understand.
He was still a bad man at his core, was still a heartless monster that murdered people.
Was it really this dangerous to move Jarvis?
They made small talk as they ate, talking about the shop, the ideas Tony had for his suits, and what Steve wanted to paint. Steve wasn’t entirely forthcoming when he said he wanted to paint landscapes and domestic scenes. Sure, those were fine subjects, but he wanted to paint Tony most of all. He’d painted Jarvis already, and even the castle, but never Tony. It was too personal, somehow. Made his feelings for Tony more real. But he couldn’t really tell Tony about that.
Tony finished his cup of coffee, stood up, and left unsteadily through the red door with a muttered “Toodeloo.”
Tony grabbed two wooden chairs that had been hidden in the shadow. He sat down one of them and waited for Steve to join him.
“This is beautiful, Cap, and the scent… Your bouquets will be a success, I’m sure of it.”
“He’s been cursed too?”
Weaker than he had felt in years. Weaker than when he’d been bed-ridden for a week with an awful cough. His head was hurting, his joints aching, his heart beating a little too fast. What had she done?
, he doesn’t think.
“This is the first time,
He set the kettle of water next to Jarvis, who glared at Steve. Which was fair, since Steve had more or less made Tony run away. But if he managed to convince Jarvis that it was for Tony, that it would help the wizard to drink a warm brew—
He doesn’t need to get out of bed for most of his work anyway. Reading reports, responding to emails, working on designs, holding a teleconference, he can do all that in his mind. It would even save time. And, as an added bonus, no one needs to see him, and he doesn’t need to see anyone. They don’t like him anyway. Let them pretend that he isn’t the one in charge, that he’s insignificant. He’s doing everyone a favour by staying in bed.
“Come on, Tony. I know… I know this isn’t easy for you. And I would be all for taking it easy, taking care of yourself, God knows you need it. But you have work to do, Tony. You can’t afford to waste the day away.”
His next meeting is in an hour.
“I’m so sorry, it’s my fault this happened, if I’d fought more, I could have—I could have—should have just found a way to off m—”
He stopped in front of a cottage; its bright yellow window shutters a charming touch to the white walls. It was idyllic.
Indeed, he was. Steve figured it wasn’t too bad. If something dangerous happened, he could always flee back to the safety of the castle.
Tony ran out again, his magic flaring blue around him, carrying him away from the flash. Not a second later, a black and yellow blur flew past the open door, in hot pursuit.
For a moment, Steve didn’t know what he was looking at.
Feel free to ask me questions if something is unclear, or if you're just wondering about something. I'd love to hear your theories and thoughts about the fic as well <3
There. That sounded reasonable, right?
The colours are fading again.
“Don’t worry about it, Coulson. You can put him back in my quarters, I’ll let him run around after Stark leaves again.”
The answer is, unsurprisingly, yes.
Tony’s gripped by an intense flash of irritation. Who dares—He can’t sleep like this, he—
Why was Stark still acting surprised?
“How do you catch a falling star?”
He can still pass as human, and when the bloodlust engulfs him, there’s always Iron Man. He can pretend to be a hero and assuage his hunger at the same time. Every time he kills someone, he exults. JARVIS points him towards the right targets, the ones that deserve to die, and Tony guns them down. It’s a win-win situation: he gets to see all the blood he wants, and the people he saves see him as a hero.
The man looked at him with his tired eyes.
It can’t come soon enough. Tony isn’t thinking about much else than Steve, these days. He knows what his essence, his life, tastes like. The metallic tang of the serum-enhanced blood is uniquely Steve. It’s crisp and fresh and bubbling with energy. Tony wonders if Steve’s mouth has the same flavour. Would there be the same aftertaste? If Tony bit his lip, let saliva and blood mingle, would it taste sweet? Would Steve like it? Would he encourage Tony to nip, bite, pierce his skin? Would he blush that same pretty, healthy, rosy shade he did in the gym? What kinds of noises would he make? Would he let Tony do anything he wanted to Steve? Would he submit, would he fight, would he take control? Would he surrender to his arousal, to his desire, to Tony?
Steve wondered why Stark hadn’t used that ability before, when Steve was breaking his back cleaning everything up.
you not to clean the bathroom! But you did it, you stubborn man, and you mixed up the jars. I can’t believe it. I worked so hard on this, and now it’s all gone to waste.”
Write a second verse yourself.”
Tony didn’t slow down. If Rhodey and Pepper wanted to be a part of one of the biggest discoveries of the 20th century, they would have to run faster. It wasn’t his fault they had decided to bring their bags with them instead of leaving them at the entrance of the cave, there were more pressing things than thieves or marauding animals. This was of vital importance, and every second counted.
"Steve."
Stark finally looked up at Cap.
He speaks, makes his voice as neutral as possible.
“I say we kiss to seal the deal.”
Steve is dead he’s dead he’s dead he can’t do this he’s dead he’s DEAD HE’S DEAD HE’S DEA—
“I swear this isn’t him. Please, trust me. I know it isn’t him. I can show you, I just need to get the real Tony Stark, I can ask him to come over right now, and--”
They were met by James at the moving castle. He was better, still pale, but he had the energy that Steve and Tony lacked. He was clearly worried, asking about what had happened, what they’d done to look like this. Tony didn’t say anything, just sat on the chair by the fireplace, watching Jarvis and whispering to him.
“She did this to taunt me. I know it. I bet she’s laughing right now, laughing at my stupidity. How could I have forgotten? How could I?”
“You gave me my heart back, Steve. I’ll always be grateful for that. But now that I have it, and I can do what I want with it, my only wish is to give it to you. Will you accept it?”
When Stark left for the day, Steve put on his heavy coat and his shoes, took a slice of bread with bacon on it as his meal, and bid Jarvis goodbye. The fire demon was confused, trying to keep Steve inside the castle, asking where he was going. Steve assured him he would not be gone long, that the castle was clean and stocked with food and that they would survive just fine without him for two days. Jarvis settled down when he understood that Steve would be back.
“He’s good at building things, his automatons, his suits, his spells, but he’s a coward, hiding in his castle. He didn’t even come to see you in person because he’s so scared of the Witch of the Waste, and isn’t that pathetic? That this man can’t even see the King? Because he’s working so hard on trying to find a way to save his own life. He tried to pretend that nothing was wrong, but when I confronted him, he told me, and I’m humbled by his honesty, even if he lied to me before. But I think it’s a defence mechanism for him. It’s easier to pretend you don’t care, let people believe the worst of you, than to try to prove them wrong.”
From what Steve had understood, the Witch of the Waste had done this. To remind Tony that his time was up.
Strange was the one to give it to him. He croaked out:
His fingers met skin, and a blinding blue light illuminated the kitchen. When it died out, Steve’s hands were splayed on Tony’s chest, a bright star floating above them.
The guards had been knocked over as well, and several of the ships lying in the harbour had been visibly damaged by the blast. The waves had calmed down, but there was rock on the docks that hadn’t been there before. Had it been ripped out of the harbour? How deep underwater had the blast reached?
“So you know about the time loop.”
There’s an orange glow, and they both watch as the time gem appears, and that’s not right, it shouldn’t be here already, and it shatters, and Steve still hasn’t said a word—
Tony’s in his workshop, and the door blasts inwards. There’s Steve, and he’s stock still, the fine tremors in his hands and his blazing eyes tell-tale signs that he’s beside himself with fury. Tony doesn’t know what he did this time, but if Steve took the Avengers with him, it must be something serious.
They were reminded they weren’t alone when the Witch screeched behind them. Steve shoved Tony to the ground, covering him with his body, and covering the both of them with the shield. The onslaught of spells was so intense that his teeth rattled from the impact.
“I’m not, your highness. He sent me in his stead. Steve Rogers, at your service.”
He’s kind, and he doesn’t want to acknowledge it. He’s handsome, too, and one of the few things that I don’t like about him isn’t even a personality trait, but the fact that he…”
He was met with a man in bland, formal clothing, who introduced himself as Sir Coulson, and led Steve to a private garden. Sir Coulson left him alone after instructing him to sit down and wait. He hadn’t mentioned the ever-present armour, or even asked why Steve was here. Did he have mind reading powers, perhaps? Steve wouldn’t put it past him. His smile was unnerving.
“—I can’t risk going out the red door anymore, she would sense my magic in a heartbeat—maybe if I moved the—I thought my warding spells would hold up better than—what if she saw—why is she even—”
Stark frowned, then remembered the skull on the mantel.
Tony doesn’t want to hear it. He knows he has a responsibility to work. He knows exactly how many people are waiting for him to show himself, to give them directions, to take the lead. He knows, better than Steve, better than anyone, how much is resting on his shoulders. Exactly how much he can’t afford to slack off. Exactly how disastrous him taking a day off would be.
He put it down next to the door and decided to rest a little bit near the fire. Jarvis was content that Steve had fended off the scarecrow and crackled peacefully. Steve dozed a little, waking up when he heard noise from the weredog’s side. He was awake, shifting restlessly, whining a little. He growled loudly, stood up, faced Steve, and shuddered twice before twisting.
Steve takes the decision for him when he slams the shield into the repulsor core on his chest. It flickers, but Steve doesn’t see it, and smashes again, and the glass cracks. Steve has moved on to punching Tony, and is so focused on the faceplate that he doesn’t realise the core flickers again, and a particularly vicious punch creates a small short circuit that travels all the way to the damaged core.
He lets the armour envelop him, opens his door, crosses the threshold. Can’t look back at his bed.
The crowd is panicking, and for a terrifying instant he loses sight of Steve. Did the bullet hit him? Is it already over? Is anyone taking care of the sniper?
Steve has disappeared inside the workshop, and the world is going grey around Tony, the colours bleeding away and dying before his eyes. In less than a minute, Steve is out again, furiously calling at Tony, looking everywhere for him, and the gem appears again, and Steve looks at it and scowls. He doesn’t look surprised. The orange washes over them both.
He thought about how beautiful the stars were and that he would like nothing more than to see a star up close.
Looks like Tony will get the death he deserves, after all.
Steve stayed silent. Tony’s pain was still raw. The woman he had loved was trying to kill him, and this was the last thing he had left of her. This was Tony’s own mausoleum to the love he’d lost.
He couldn’t stop himself from glancing at Stark’s naked back, and the curve of his bottom, and… he stared right ahead, purposefully ignoring the fact that he was carrying a very naked, very attractive man upstairs.
“Looks like it.”
— and it forms into the—
“I’m sorry, I forgot to introduce myself. Steve Rogers, also known as Captain America. Pleased to meet you.”
it be him, and he wanted to refuse? Was he out of his mind? There was no way Steve was helping him with that, anyway. Stark would just have to suck it up and do his duty.
Steve doesn’t beat around the bush, grabbing him by the throat and shoving him into the wall, snarling in his face that he remembers, remembers
He shot up, grabbing Steve by the shoulders, eyes manic and voice light:
This was what Jarvis really looked like, in all his glory. A blazing fire, bright as a star, illuminating the whole kitchen with millions of colourful lights. It was breath-taking.
He hates that he’s relieved.
Tony was looking at him, his eyes a deep pool of blue, and Steve could drown in them, dive right into them and never resurface.
“You won’t tell me anything, will you?”
He opened the door wider, and the scarecrow leaped at him, arms swinging wildly, one of them hitting Steve square in the face. He fell backwards, pulling the door closed as he lost his balance, shutting the scarecrow out once more.
. He doesn’t understand why he resisted doing this. This is what he was made for. He runs toward Steve, intent on tackling him, but Steve goes with the momentum, gets an arm under Tony’s shoulder and flips him over his own. Tony lands hard on the mat, twists too fast and sweeps Steve’s legs from under him. Steve doesn’t quite manage to land in a handstand (the show-off) and collapses on himself. Tony wastes no time in crawling over him, going for a stranglehold or wrist lock. Steve halts Tony’s advance by locking his legs around Tony’s waist and grabbing Tony’s wrists in his hands. Tony elbows Steve in the solar plexus, wrenching his wrists free as Steve struggles to breathe. Tony lets himself drop against Steve, pinning his hands above his head.
Tony can’t suppress a low moan at the thought, and the sound makes Steve’s hips stutter upwards, grinding against Tony. They both freeze at the feeling. It’s enough to break the spell. Tony lets Steve go, stumbles to his feet, and practically runs away. At the door, he can’t resist a glance backwards. Steve is lying in the same position as Tony left him, eyes wide, blushing furiously. There’s just a hint of bruises on his wrists, and Tony has to pinch himself to keep from jumping the distance and enacting everything he fantasized about. He stutters out a thanks for the spar and goes straight to the workshop.
Once upon a time, Tony Stark was a billionaire, an inventor. Once upon a time, he wore the Iron Man armour and was even considered a hero.
He wouldn’t stand a chance against the Hulk; or Thor. He knows when he’s outclassed. The Hulk would smell his intent from a mile away, and only one of them is indestructible. As for Thor, well, Tony isn’t arrogant enough to think he can win a fight against a thousand-year-old warrior god.
Extremis should have told him.
The way Jarvis was pulsing like one.
Tony hears Steve smile behind him.
“But I
The castle didn’t stop its ascent, and Steve was forced to hurry to the side as the building clambered on, one of its claws digging into the ground where Steve had stood. Now that he was no longer facing it, he realised that it was moving with a considerable speed. In fact, it walked past Steve in little time, continuing its journey without acknowledging him. He saw a door near the backside and decided he would try knocking. And if no one answered, well, he could always try to force it open.
When he managed to get his breathing into order, he pushed himself up, and looked at the castle he’d gotten into. Broken into? It wasn’t very clear. For all he knew, the castle had let him in. In any case, he couldn’t see anyone else in the dimly lit lodgings.
He’s letting her down. He’s letting them all down. God, he’s pathetic. Can’t even get out of his own bed.
Pepper Potts was every inch the woman Steve had imagined. Pale skin, freckles peppering her face and throat, flamboyant hair put up in a severe hair bun. She was wearing a pristine white dress, the sheer pooling gracefully around her as she sat. She was holding a cup of steaming liquid, the vapor coming from it tinged slightly red. She had sharp blue eyes that latched onto Steve’s as soon as they made eye contact.
They floated to the ground together, Tony with a hand securely around Steve’s waist. They walked to the place where the Witch had collapsed into herself.
Then again, it’s really hard to influence someone’s unconscious, too.
The whole situation was surreal. The man had just shown up, saved Steve, asked him out (maybe? Steve wasn’t so sure), then disappeared without letting Steve say a single word. Steve hadn’t even gotten his name, much less thanked him!
He closes his eyes, grits his teeth, and there’s a flash of orange, then nothing.
He’s known it since the first time he took off his helmet in Steve’s presence, that night in Stuttgart. The smell hit Tony like a brick wall, making him choke on it. Even Loki’s inhuman scent-- wrong and biting sharp-- paled in comparison to the heavy drug that was Steve.
He should have asked for a kiss.
Steve pondered
“All right.”
look like this. Besides, it was much too slim to fit any electronics or weapons, wasn’t fit for stealth, and seemed in general pretty useless for anything other than medieval fights. Even if Tony had heard of it, he wouldn’t consider it a threat. Which made the man’s behaviour highly suspicious. What was he hiding?
Small mercies.
He couldn’t see what was happening in the outside world. There were only impressions of light and colour. Light blue in his upper field of vision, a darker shade in the middle, shapes and forms that had no meaning.
“She’s inoffensive now. She’ll live the rest of her life as a wasp. I hope she’ll find her rest.”
Iron Man smoothed a hand against the back of his head. He was obviously distressed, but Tony couldn’t guess why. He observed the two men in front of him. Cap was whispering something soothing to Iron Man, both of them seemingly having forgotten that Tony was there with them. He wondered if he should try to make a break for it.
Tony looked away, sighing deeply as he sat down on a bench. He scratched at his marks and offered Steve a half-smile.
Tony was starting to think that his own adventures had nothing on whatever was going in this world.
He grabbed Steve by the arm, his fingers digging into Steve’s skin, clammy to the touch. What had upset him so much? Miss O’Casta was as surprised as Steve, calling out a bewildered goodbye as Stark dragged Steve out of the house.
At first, he thought he was at O’Casta’s place, because all he saw before him was a field of flowers. But after a more thorough look he realised they were somewhere else entirely. There wasn’t any visible water, for one, and no mountains in the distance. Instead, the flower field stretched on indefinitely in one direction, while a sand desert took up the other horizon. They were near the edge of the field, where the flowers were fighting to grow through the grains of sand.
“Yet again, I find myself asking what I should do to you. I could…it would certainly be deliciously taunting to take your heart, but, well, I don’t really need it. I don’t really need you, you see, just need Tony’s love for you. I guess I can let you watch as I destroy him. Yes, that sounds good.”
He threw the shield as hard as he could, a single thought coursing through his mind.
He sat back at the table, writing the rest of the letter. He wanted to see Natasha, but she shouldn’t come to the castle, it was too dangerous. He would have to travel to the Shield guild. But what if he came at the wrong time, just like during his last visit? He should ask Natasha to send him a letter back with a day and time they could meet at Shield.
Iron Man abruptly let go of Tony, body language turned pleading.
God, he was a different man when he had all his head. Steve was starting to see what had attracted Natasha. Funny, witty, a little jealous, and good-looking to boot? Steve didn’t know him well, but he could see Natasha falling for him. Tall, dark and mysterious, much? He was going to tease her so much when they met again.
“Where else would I be?”
Steve sat up and repressed a wince as his joints screamed at him that sleeping on the sofa had
Steve really, really liked the shield.
“It’s a pleasure meeting you, Steve Rogers. I apologize for not letting you see your sister, but she is in training and shouldn’t be disturbed. I don’t doubt you would have liked to meet me in better circumstances, but you will get the help you’re looking for. It is a heavy curse you’re under, but you have the tools at your disposal to lift it.”
“So you’re telling me you can’t do anything? That this,” he gestures around them, “is not something you can fix? Why are you here, then?”
He can do it. A step at a time. First things first: open your eyes.
Good old Jarvis, who knew what to say to channel Steve’s anger into something productive. He was right, they needed to put the shop in order. And since Tony was gone, Steve would do it himself. Which was fine; he needed to let out some steam.
He doesn’t know what to say. What do you say to someone who has realised everything he believed in was false? What do you say to someone who thought you were finally working together, building the best Avengers team the world has ever seen, who now understands all that was just so you could focus on the real threat.
If the old piece of paper was to be believed, the item they were looking for was hidden in one of the thousand crevices in a rock in the cave and could only be detected at a specific time on a specific night. If the
Stark beamed at him, his smile blinding in its joy.
He was on the top of the stairs, the magic gone, his body as frail as it had ever been.
The scarecrow.
When Tony was nothing more than a feathery hull to contain his magic, when the air around him was crackling with energy, Steve dived to the side, and Tony burst apart.
When he was outside, he took a moment to look at the place he’d lived in his whole life and would now leave for the first time in his life. He took a deep breath (it was shallower than he would have liked) and started his journey.
, he thought,
“Where can I go to see falling stars?”
Steve, in a way? This Steve isn’t warped by Tony’s feelings or thoughts. This is Steve straight from Tony’s instinctual mind.
“Oh, that? Don’t worry about it, I’m experimenting with symbolism and magical markings on the body, I must have forgotten to clean it. Now, if you don’t mind, I’d like to put on some clothes.”
The armour is still forming around him when he jumps between the attacker and Steve. Three shots ring in his ears, close and deadly.
He could ask them to bury him with—
"And why would I accept? What could you possibly have to offer me that I couldn't get myself?"
“She? Do you mean the Witch? Where are we?”
use your flames? How did he do that?”
Steve turned to Jarvis then, ignoring the sleeping dog.
Stark’s grimace told Tony everything he needed to know. Behind them, Cap inhaled sharply. Tony didn’t care if he’d heard them, he needed to know if Stark had a cure.
Steve was tempted to draw that conclusion, but he had the disagreeable habit of jumping to the wrong ones, especially in regard to Stark.
Tony smirked through his pain.
Next time. Next time.
“Don’t feel sorry. You had your reasons, and I’ve always respected that. Now, I even understand them. It can’t be easy, being Tony Stark and Iron Man. But I’m glad it’s you. There couldn’t have been a better man under the helmet. I’m glad to have you at my side, Shellhead.”
, she always said. To which he responded,
? While Tony was still injured? While Jarvis had been nothing more than embers just an hour ago? It felt as if Tony was overestimating his own strength.
With everything taken care of, he put away the paints, closed everything, and went to sleep.
Steve gasped. It really was personal between the Witch and Stark. Somehow, Steve had forgotten that things could turn out this badly. After all, when he’d met her, she had threatened to kill him as well. But still…
Steve didn’t mention the young boy.
They entered the castle together, Steve careful to put himself between Tony and the scarecrow. Tony was still sleeping, he was vulnerable. Steve would protect him. He trusted James to be on his guard as well.
“Right. Well, I was so focused on that that I didn’t take the usual precautions when I flew back to Porthaven, and I actually walked right into the Witch.”
Tony just needs to play nice with Steve, make him think he's won. Tony wonders if he can make Steve fall for him. The groundwork's already there, a certain video of Steve talking to Tony Stark's body is proof enough. This Steve wants someone he can measure himself against. This Steve wants to have a Tony and shatter him into a thousand pieces. Steve is so obsessed with his own superiority that he hasn't recognised the bigger predator in the room. He's about to be devoured for his oversight.
Steve couldn’t let Tony say something like that and not interrupt.
“Tony! I’ll cover you!”
“You know I wouldn’t. These are from the curse, aren’t they?”
He opened the blue door first, but the street was deserted. He opened the red door after that and was met with nothing but flowers and a bright sun. There were only the green and black doors left. Steve didn’t want to open the black one, not after last time he’d done that alone. He opened the green door instead, slowly, slowly, ready for anything.
Both Tony and the weredog flinched at Jarvis’ reminder.
He opened the green and black doors first, verifying that they still led to the hills and O’Casta’s house, and nodded to himself. Then, he opened the blue door, waving Steve over. Steve walked out, and his heart lurched in his chest when he recognised the street he’d lived in for so many years. They really had moved to his shop. From the outside, nothing had changed, but as soon as he stepped foot inside again, he was back into the castle’s kitchen. He’d have to go through the empty rooms of the castle and see if he recognised his old bedroom.
, he thought, as he closed the door.
Tony decided to bend the truth a little.
“I accept the pact.”
“How can you say that it’s ethical to destroy a planet? To play God? How can you even consider that an option? All life is sacred, you can’t sacrifice some of it to save the rest, because that makes all other life complicit in genocide. You can’t. I told you you wouldn’t know who you’d become, and I can’t recognise you either. How could you do that, Tony? How do you live with yourself, knowing that you destroyed
They went back into the castle when the air chilled. Tony was still looking troubled and Steve tried to distract him. He didn’t like seeing Tony like that.
. In, out, in, out. He’s got one functional arm, no armour, and Steve is only pressing harder, bruising his wrist, growling under his breath. This isn’t going to work. Tony can’t focus on anything but the weight of Steve on him, the warmth seeping through his knee to Tony’s back, the puffs of breath against his hair, and it’s almost intimate, two bodies pressed against each other and the floor, and this wasn’t how Tony wanted this to go, but he’s helpless against Steve.
Steve had almost been right when he had joked that the dog would be a werewolf.
Fifteen minutes. If he suits up now, he’ll be there in time. He can put the armour in the suitcase when he arrives, to avoid getting noticed.
Tony slammed the faceplate down, because it was that or jump Steve, and ignored the hurt confusion on the Captain’s face.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t understand. Apart from some weird energy readings, there is absolutely nothing wrong with him.”
James. It was a start.
She paced leisurely, holding her arms out.
“I tried to do what it says on the first line: I tried to catch a falling star.”
It all boiled down to a single thing.
First, he had to put away all the bottles and products that were littering the floor and the edges of the bathtub. He had to hurry, because when he’d mentioned cleaning the bathroom, Stark had had an alarmed look on his face and told him that the bathroom was
He felt ridiculous saying that, but the least he could do was to be polite to the poor man.
Steve takes the decision out of Tony’s hands when he jumps across the mats, lunging at Tony. It’s a straightforward attack, Tony sees three different ways to evade it already, but the feral part of him wants him to jump right back at Steve, collide in mid-air and sink his teeth into his neck. Tony compromises with a side-step combined with a headlock. For a second, Tony squeezes too much, and Steve chokes slightly, the sound pulling Tony into a vision of Steve choking on his own blood. It distracts him enough for Steve to drop his weight and elbow him in the stomach. Tony stumbles back and barely blocks a side kick. Steve grins at him, the smile sharp and hungry. He’s like Tony in that aspect, he knows the fight and enjoys it. He has killed his fair share of humans and aliens alike. He knows what it is to see your enemy’s blood on your hands and have your own sing in response. Tony grins back at him, a curl of the upper lip, a smile that doesn’t show the bottom of his upper teeth, hiding the fangs.
And how could Steve say no, after Stark had given him a shield?
Beside Steve, the armour collapsed into itself, the glow gone. Steve immediately crouched, fists up, looking for the danger, mind frantically hoping that Jarvis wasn’t hurt. In front of him, Lord Fury had dropped into a fighting stance, eye wary and alert.
She pushed into him, her hand ice-cold, so cold it felt like his bones were shattering. The icy feeling spread through his chest, then through his body, until he was surrounded by the cold. It was engulfing him completely, spreading inside and outside of him. He watched in horror as the ice bloomed on his skin, crystals unfurling and growing until he was covered in them, until he was covered in ice.
“Right back at you, Winghead.”
“Why exactly don’t you want to approach the Witch, Stark? Because from here, it looks a lot like cowardice. But I don’t think that’s the reason, is it?”
“If it’s only your heart that’s failing, then this should be enough to help you. It’s a small device that sends electrical impulses to your heart to keep it beating evenly. The problem with the repulsor pump is that it runs out of electricity, yeah? This here won’t have the same issue. This was never an option for me because of the shrapnel, but…”
