Steve jumped at a loud bang and looked up to see Tony leaning on the table, his hands splayed between them.
Steve shrugged, and Tony could see his lips twitching as he suppressed a smile. “Have to balance out the superhero life somehow, right?”
“Not when we're working, I know.” Tony kissed his neck and Steve felt the contact like an electric current zinging through his body. “But we're not, are we? You're on your way home and I'm not even here. Perfect time to have some fun.”
“Relaxing your uterus. Getting it settled back into its proper place will alleviate your symptoms, you'll see.”
Steve quickly turned away, his heart pounding as he grappled with the image he'd just seen. He hadn't known a penis could grow to that size. Perhaps satyrs were made different.
. Tony grinned.
From: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
Don't be stupid. I'll take care of this.
Bucky smiled crookedly. "Pretty sure Steve wouldn't keep you around if you didn't."
and find his voice. Apparently production hadn't embellished it at all. Jesus Christ.
Still. Steve reached up to try and still Tony's hand, just until that man left –
“Yeah,” Steve breathed, the warm air against his shoulder sending a shiver down Tony's spine. “Can't even see your cock like this. It's like I'm just jerking off.”
“Fuck,” Steve panted, fingers still digging into Tony’s hips. “I’m sorry, I’ll get hard again, just give me a –“
"Only if you let me," Steve said and Tony snorted, his smile evident in his voice.
“I just want to go home, okay?” Steve snapped, immediately reining it in when he saw the waitress flinch. “Fuck. Sorry, I just –“
Tony sighed long-sufferingly. “I guess I'll take that.” He stretched out his legs, twitching when he accidentally bumped into Steve's before he rubbed his feet against them more deliberately. “What do you say we finish dinner and watch a movie, hm?”
And what is that?
Pepper's laugh made her chest feel a little lighter after that talk. It was hard to feel like you were getting too old for something. Or that she had to be the responsible one when a young man tried to hit on her.
Steve snorted a weak laugh. “I'm balls deep in your ass, Tony. I think a bit of coarse language is the tamest thing I've done today.”
,” Tony groaned, rubbing his hands over his face. “I swear to god, you're not going to maul me in your sleep!”
“Hi?” A laugh bubbled out of Tony's throat as he tugged at a strand of Steve's hair. “You make me come in my pants like a teenager and all you can say is 'Hi'?”
Tony recognized it the moment he saw him in his stupid spangly outfit, that superior alpha posturing that got his hackles up like nothing else. It didn't help that both of them were under the influence of the scepter, but Tony was fairly sure that he would've been itching for a fight even if that hadn't been the case.
“You're amazing,” Steve said so earnestly that Tony's smug grin faltered for a second before he felt his lips pull up in what had to be an absolutely sappy smile.
“Did something happen? Is everyone –“
“Holy fuck, Steve,” Tony said, and right as he started to pull out Steve held him back, his heart pounding in time with his cock, creating a sensation that went beyond anything he'd ever felt before – “Steve? What are you –“
Steve smiled hesitantly. "Uh, since always? You know I shave every -"
“Honey.” Toni smiled, watching his eyes dart down to her lips. “I'm Toni Stark. I don't
“That's very kind of you,” Tony said blandly. “But as you know, Stark Industries has stopped manufacturing –“
“Then why has Mr Barnes' presence been kept under wraps for so long? Didn't the public deserve to know he was alive?”
“Yeah, well, you're not the one who has to respond to all your admiring fans demanding to see your throat stuffed.”
“Want to fuck you.”
Steve jumped when Clint clapped him on the back, giving him a wide grin. “Alright. Where’s the cake?”
Tony's stomach twisted with shame that prickled down his spine and left goosebumps in its wake, lighting his whole body up with arousal. He stared at his cock, watching as it slid up along Steve's, kept in place by the hand Steve had loosely wrapped around both of them at the base.
“Well, well, well. If it isn’t the infamous Tony Stark.”
“That's so good,” Tony breathed, and Steve made a noise that was somewhere between a moan and a whimper, wrapping Tony up in his arms. “Don't move yet, just – I just want to feel you.”
feel very good. It would be embarrassing to feel like that in front of a doctor though. A very
“Tony.” Steve was sitting up so straight that Tony's back hurt in sympathy. “If not being in the Council makes you a target, then why –“
with all his enhanced strength behind it, his tongue curling around him in all the right ways – “
Best regards,
“Well, if you're going to be
“Sorry, got lost in thought. You want to sit?”
“Alright then. If you'll follow me –“
“No, thank you,” Pepper called out from the back, and Tony nodded, shrugging his jacket on before he walked to the front door and opened it with a flourish. “After you.”
when Pepper suddenly poked her head through the door, looking a little surprised to see them both on the couch.
Kissing Tony always felt nice. It was warm and slick and
it, bobbing up and down and god, it was all too much –
Toni delicately tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “I'm sure I don't know what you mean.”
Thank you kindly for your patience.
But he hadn't done it on his own in a while, always spending the nights with Steve, which – yeah, it was probably fair to say that he'd had Steve's dick in his hand a lot more often than he'd had his own. Not that he was complaining.
He screamed again, and for a second Steve thought he would choke on the lump in his throat, his stomach churning with something he couldn't even put a name to.
Tony gasped when Steve squeezed them together, his hips jerking automatically. For a split second he could see Steve slip out of the act, mouth dropping open on a groan, but he bit it back at the last second, schooling his face into something unaffected and unimpressed.
Even if it took him the rest of his life to do it.
Tony moaned, the sound sending prickles of heat down Steve's spine, and a second later he felt Tony's thrusts getting erratic, losing their rhythm as he came inside Steve, filling him with heat –
“How do I make you feel good?” Steve asked, still in that same hushed voice, and Jesus Christ, Toni wanted to
“Would you say that you enjoy these outings?”
“So what do you say?” Tony rasped, his eyes darting down to Steve's lips, and Steve knew there wasn't really a choice here. Not for him.
Tony remembered their signal – one tap for no, two taps for yes, and he barely hesitated before he slapped the wooden part of the couch twice, sitting up a little straighter.
Steve nodded frantically, his hands clenching on her waist as he pulled her closer until they were pressed together, chest to chest. “Yeah. Yeah, I want that.”
Tony whipped around to see Bucky looking at the press, his face perfectly blank.
“A cougar is an older woman who goes for younger men. And our dear friend Toni over here –“ He gestured at her with his bottle. “- used to be a grade-A sugar mommy. Lots of hot, young guys who'll go for a woman with experience, let me tell you that.”
Thaddeus E. Ross
“Alone?” Obie looked him up and down, eyes narrowing in challenge, but Dr. Yinsen didn't even flinch, his soothing beta scent never fluctuating.
Tony grimaced. “Ugh, a free hoarder. Okay, so how much did he spend on this stream?”
Steve stared at him for a second longer before he huffed a laugh and shook his head. “You know, if you weren't so goddamn competent in everything you do I'd call bullshit.”
a choice,” Steve said with an edge in his tone. “We could've just as easily taken a united stand against the Accords!“
Tony read through the paper, trying to find the catch – but there was one. At least none he could see.
He looked down at the thing Natasha dropped into his palm, raising an eyebrow as soon as he saw what it was. “Chapstick? Really?”
it, all his attention focused on where –
"I took the bus," Steve said, and Mr. Stark grinned.
“Hey, is everything okay? You seem a little... jumpy.”
. Steve groaned in satisfaction before he could help it, and Tony chuckled, tugging at his ear.
“Stay near the opposite door, with your back to it,” Tony mumbled in his ear. “I'll be right behind you. Literally.”
“Follow me, please.”
Tony kneeled up on the stool with one leg, making the faux leather squeak when his bare shin slid over it. “Hand me that pillow over there?”
“And what are satyrs like?”
The UN has utmost confidence in this new Avengers team and looks forward to our continued cooperation.
What do you think this means for the future of the Avengers? Tell us your predictions over at superior-news.com and follow us on Twitter for regular updates on your favorite superheroes.
Tony stroked his hair all the way through, then kept doing it when Steve fell back onto the bed, bringing Tony down with him. They slowly caught their breaths as Tony listened to the rapid beat of Steve's heart, his head comfortably pillowed on Steve's chest. He hummed when Steve's hands found his back, pulling him even closer.
“Because I know
who is/are to be found at
hot and young, I'm hot and aged like fine wine."
Tony gritted his teeth. “I said fine. Get lost, I gotta finish this.”
Rhodey’s thigh shifted underneath his head. “Tony. Did something… happen? When you were –“
Experts say that the credibility of Mr. Barnes' psychological assessment is now being brought into question.
Steve shrugged. “I told you why. And I –“ He bit his lip for a second as he looked away. “I missed you. So.”
“Are you okay?” Tony asked, concern cutting through the haze in his mind, and Steve groaned, sagging even further into his arms. Tony was very glad that being a vampire had granted him super strength, or they'd both be lying on the floor by now. “Steve, talk to me.”
Tony threw his arms up in frustration. “I'm your
Secretary of State
But today it didn't work. And the shame of that was – it was –
UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
“Can't smell you yet,” he said with a touch of disappointment that made Tony lean up and kiss him.
Tony groaned, burying his face in his crossed arms on the desk. “He's an alpha."
“Still possible to stay together,” Tony said testily. “If everyone signs we won't –“
"Oh my god." Steve still sounded a little overwhelmed, but his death grip slowly gentled into something a little closer to a hug. Tony closed his eyes as he laid his head down, the feeling of Steve's heart pounding against his cheek making something soft and raw stir in his chest.
“Just now. We’re… catching up.”
Tony rolled his eyes. “No, Obie. Nothing you wouldn't do, I promise.”
, but he wasn't sure what –
"Well. Guess we'll see if you'll manage it at some point."
“Alright then. Try to relax, the massager will do all the work for you.”
“Holy shit,” Tony breathed, feeling that familiar tingle zing up his spine, a restless itch just under his skin that would quickly turn into an all-consuming burn... “I'm in heat.”
“Yeah, I know a thing or two about that.”
And it was weird because according to popular belief Tony had the attention span of a toddler and the temper to match. But Tony had never once pushed Steve on his decision to take this slow, always following Steve's pace and stopping whatever they were doing at a moment's notice.
“Yeah?” Tony pressed a kiss to Steve’s temple. “What do you want to do?”
“Steve –“
“No.”
It came over him in a rush, sudden and unexpected, and Tony rode that wave all the way to the top and tumbled over into free fall, his stomach swooping as his cock jerked and pulsed against the metal, his balls drawn up tight against his body. He came down faster this time, breathing hard around a whimper as the machine kept rattling against his raw flesh –
Which, hello, was Tony's whole M.O.
“It feels like we should be doing this in a bed,” Steve said, then squeezed his mouth shut, and Toni laughed when his cheeks darkened with a mortified flush, clearly flustered.
“Let's try that again, shall we?” he asked, not giving Steve the time to doubt himself before he sat back on Steve's cock, going as slowly as he could without it being a blatant tease to Steve. He felt a triumphant grin spread across his face as the backs of his thighs finally pressed against Steve's hips, his ass settling in Steve's lap without any discomfort this time.
“No, listen, I really –“
Tony pouted just long enough to get an exasperated eye roll from Steve before he smirked and ushered him across the room. "Just wait. I'll knock your socks off."
Steve's stance faltered for a split second before he squared his jaw. “That's not a problem.”
Steve rolled his forehead against Tony’s shoulder as his grip tightened, his hips shifting just enough that Tony could feel the drag of his cock inside him. It barely moved at all, but after staying still for as long as they had the feeling made Tony’s breathing hitch anyway.
He could hear virtual coins tinkling as they dropped into his donation jar, and winked at Pepper who was sitting in a dark corner behind the camera with her laptop, keeping track of the number of tickets as she wrote them down on tiny slips of paper. There was already another considerable pile in the basket next to her.
did, Tony,” Steve said, still in that calm voice that burrowed under Tony's skin like a mantra. “I'm asking what
He heard Tony take a sharp breath, his fingers tightening around the phone on reflex. "But you would?"
“Shit, you're tight,” Tony breathed, and Steve gave a choked laugh.
“He was thirty-six, not eighteen, Toni,” Pepper said firmly. “And why is this coming up now? You've been going out with younger guys for years and you never had a problem with it.” That wasn't quite true, but Toni wasn't going to correct her. “You being one year older isn't going to make a difference. So if you really want him –“
Tony was quickly running out of breath, but he couldn't tear his lips away, too invested in remapping every corner of Steve's mouth, his heart beating so fast he could feel it in his throat. Steve tasted just like he remembered and even though he hadn't exactly forgotten, it still hit him all over again that he'd
A tension Tony hadn't even realized was there leaked out of his shoulders as he let Steve tilt his head up to give him a kiss, a gentle sweep of his tongue that sent chills down Tony's spine.
AI him was right, he knew that...but, he knew he wasn't a good man, and he couldn't stop himself from wanting to drag all of Howard's work to the ground so he could watch it burn. Even if that work included himself.
What...
#else
Right Peter's Suit, that was taking priority. He could use those little robot roombas he had, just like he did with Bucky's arm, but he was still going to have to find the materials to make the suit for Peter. How was he going to be able to do that? Was it even possible to ask the Avengers to let him have those materials? It would seems suspicious.
"Yeah, I forgot it for a second, but it always comes back when I think pretentious, remember that shield agent obsessed with Howard used to say it all the time." Natasha started nodding at that, as if she was remembering something, probably that shield agent. Steve didn't understand how this was helpful.
Steve didn't know what to do...
"Why can't you? You don't sound as confident." Ms. Potts' voice was closer louder, more distinct.
And every thought was like a shout in one room they were trapped in. The other him didn't like his thoughts sometimes, which honestly Tony fully understood. He didn't like his own thoughts at times,
-.....
"Of course Captain Rogers why do you ask?"
By the time Tony got back to the Avenger's Tower he immediately jumped on bringing T.O.N.Y. back, his legs had to wait, despite the plans, but that usually didn't work out since the Avenger's could just pull him out when they thought he was spending to long in the machine by tugging on his wheelchair. Which the first time it had happened Tony had snapped at a too Stoic Natasha, and a too sympathetic Steve.
"Clint, your burner?" Natasha held out her hand as Clint pulled out- where was he hiding that?- a phone. He placed it in her open palm, and Natasha quickly snapped it open and started pressing a buttons. Steve turned to the waiting Clint.
"Obadiah Stane attempted to weapons deal to two op-"
PFFT!
(See the end of the chapter for
Well no, Tony knew what Howard had wanted to use him for; clearly whatever this AI him was. Tony didn't want to think about what exactly the implications of him being apart of this AI meant, it had a distinct taste of Mars Attacks.
Why was it so hard to just be happy? Why couldn't he just stop thinking about everything heart breaking for one moment. Tony guessed that was probably the down side to being an AI, never being able to shut off.
"STARK!"
"So you're saying that....destroying this dome shouldn't have done anything to Tony?" Sam asked out, his wings now easily tucked back into is pack.
"I resent that!" And there was Clint, making his life just the ever bit harder than it needed to be.
"I'm in."
"That's only because you still use AOL Rogers, and I'm pretty sure that is not even a thing anymore."
"Tony where are the archives?" Steve asked looking straight forward, he needed an answer before he decided to do anything.
Steve reached out his hand slowly without a thought, reaching for the scanner, the soft blue light that seemed to strike something in Steve's heart...it wasn't a memory, it was something deeper, something in his core....something that wrung so much emotion out of him he didn't have a say in the way his body moved anymore. He was so close...so close to knowing... just a bit furth-
Thank you again to everyone who has stuck with this story! Its been really fun, and we are so so close to ending, just about 2 more chapters and this is all over.
Tony was struggling here....was the floor swaying?
All this
"That's not good news Steve, if someone has been able to mess with our heads for this long and we haven't noticed. We don't know how long this has been going on for."
-.....
So detaching from the mainframe download....where was that?
Tony's black flickering eyesight switched to static for a moment as code began to scroll down his screen. Right....time to find this mainframe....smart Howard. Putting the 6th law in a double slashback, it kept it hidden from the actual mainframe, meaning if someone asked about Tony's laws, he wouldn't be able to speak it, seeing as his system wouldn't read it...which meant...technically...there was nothing stopping him from breaking that law. Honestly Howard.....and
He was tired. He didn't want this. He wanted it to stop,
And I'm not, look you want help and I want to help. But in order to do that we need to break a couple laws.
"Look, Howard was a paranoid person, he never wrote anything down when he made Tony and when he died, all information about Tony went with him."
"You're looking at me." Tony watched as Peter froze up looking around, eyeing the dome not understanding. Tony couldn't wait to see Peter's reaction here, Peter got excited about the smaller robots, he would lose his mind about the fact he was speaking to an AI-whether that said AI is partially organic or not.
"Of course Dr. Banner"
Tony Stark, a
It..was weird..keeping things from the team...that wasn't Steve...he never did that and it showed in everyone's faces they were just as shocked as Steve felt....Steve had felt so...
He was waiting....waiting for who?
FUCK! That stung! Tony could feel another stab in his back and he could feel the rumbas still running around performing the update. Right...he was still...dealing with that.
and this is unbetad so if you see any mistakes let me know!
This is unbetad so if you see any mistakes please let me know.
Tony was him...and that was whoever he wanted to be.
Natasha and Steve both made eye contact and nodded in some unspoken agreement.
"Yes, it's yours, now put it on, take off that horrendous sweat trash."
"What you are motioning to is just some maintenance work I was doing." Natasha raised and eyebrow at that, Steve also was suspicious about that as well, it seemed a bit like a lie. But that didn't matter anymore. Steve needed answers. So he walked towards Tony looking at the dome, it looked pretty solid.
End of discussion.
"Although..." What? Tony stopped, and his sensors were picking up the heart beats of the the other Avengers and how they raised. What did this mean?
"look whatever happened, its out of the question, we are trapped right now ...and our only way out has left..so we need a plan, got it, I want a plan." Bucky stated, and although his face left no room for emotion, his voice conveyed enough to know the situation had him stressed, and Steve hated when he was stressed, Bucky deserved happiness, and safety not this..
- - - -
"Natasha! The lights are all out! I can't reach Tony! We are un-"
But there was one thing you didn't do when Natasha was feeling this way, and that was try and control her actions, so if she wanted to start this investigation now, well she was going to do it now, and there was nothing Steve could do to stop it.
"Why can't you? You don't sound as confident." Ms. Potts gained more confidence, stepping forward.
But Tony digressed, the suit was done, which means he could finally contact the little spider kid. He could finally have a good reason to burn that abominable sweat suit Peter insisted was good enough for him. For God's sake it had duck tape on it. DUCK TAPE!
Why couldnt he move?
Tony could feel the ringing silence.
......
Pepper... Tony flickered over to the elevator to find Natasha, Steve and Pepper in the elevator, where was Clint? In the main Kitchen getting pizza to the other Avengers, his brain supplied.
There was hits... thousands of hits. Tony Stark, Anthony Edward Stark, his name was everywhere, not unlike in his own world but...If Tony Stark existed in this world then why was Tony in a machine, and not...in a body? Tony started to scan the sites, when he stumbled upon a birth date: May 29th, 1970
it was like popping out his bones after being stiff for so long, and then he knew he was reaching out to his original form, his dome...the arc reactor.
No...He was Iron Man, and he was Tony Stark... He had a job to do, he had to get the Avengers safe, or all this universe merging was for nothing.
So there Steve was, waiting for Natasha in the still blacked out common room eating his toast, he had missed his morning work out and everything, which was making him slightly antsy, but he wanted to be ready for when Natasha arrived with her help, she never gave him a meetup time.
Tony couldnt help but snort at that...even in death his stubbornness preceded him.
"Maybe it was my update?" Tony tried as an answer, he was going to be vague. Natasha raised one eye brow, which for Natasha basically read as annoyed as fuck.
He needed to fix it, he needed to fix everything, he had ruined one of the best things in his life, right when he was finally getting comfortable, feeling at home...He should've known better. Tony didn't belong with the Avengers, he had pushed Bruce away and even took the only safe place from him. He destroyed Jarvis, He got Pepper hurt, He paralyzed Rhodey. He imprisoned Wanda, he got a fifteen year old injured; God, he sent Steve to betray the one country he full heatedly believed in and represented. He had ruined everything. Tony was great at ignoring though, and that's what he had done, constantly ignoring and pretending, and boy was Tony Stark excellent at that. If there was an award for pretending everything was okay, Tony would have owned it every year it would've presented. But he couldn't pretend anymore. It was too late for that, he knew a war was coming, a big one and the Earth wasn't prepared at all. God, he pushed all of the defenders away, he'd taken away the one fucking chance the Earth had. He needed to fix this, and the only one he had so far was one kid from Queens, and Tony could see he was only going to ruin that kid, or even worse, the kid would get himself killed, all because Tony gave him the impression the kid was a full Avenger now.
_Mainframe Connection Current.active = true;
"It's unclear, but I think Clint has a secret power he doesn't talk about." Now that was an interesting theory but honestly something for another time. Steve looked down at the directory as Natasha started to navigate it, there was so much information but most of it was blue prints and business information, and financial records. Nothing of importance, and funny enough...no blue prints of Tony.
"Just in the normal life of the god of thunder."
Suddenly, Howard cut all the way through...it was cold....cold...when had Tony turned his head? He was facing the ground, there was red...red....it...hurt....
Thank you everyone for the support! I'm so happy to be writing again, and all you're comments made it all worth it.
"Why yes thankful citizen, these are my real muscles, impressive I know."
67% What was ha01110000 01110000 01100101 01101110 01101001 01101110 01100111
He shouldn't have done that...he should've...sometimes Tony was such a waste of space and he should- Whoa...that...that didn't feel like him, well, it did, Tony always was self depreciating, that wasn't new. But...it was never so upfront. This...other him felt wrong...so wrong compared to him. Jarvis hadn't felt this way, he would've known so why..why did he feel this way?
The rumbas-helpers his mind once again interrupted- where scrambling to rewire the machine and enter what looked like needles back into the computer jacks littering the machine. As they did he...
It would be a week later when Tony finally managed to get the electricity out of the lab, sending a signal to Jarvis and Aunt Peggy. The response was immediate and gave Tony hope, hope that made his chest heavier than the battery in his lungs.....that hope did nothing but give way to more fear.
"Once you find the signal, reverse it, send me back" Tony demanded as Peter started to get significantly more scared.
That didn't...then...who was Tony split from?
And although he did want to get a move on, it was pretty funny to watch both Ned and Peter jump at his sudden loud voice. Well  he said watch, but honestly his vision just blurred from Peter, but good, he needed to get going on his plan. He couldn't do much as an Iphone, and honestly, the Avengers were just sitting ducks, and here he was talking to two overhyped Teens that thought mad max, furry road was a
But this chapter is very important, and honestly something I have been excited to write.
By the time Tony had ordered and received all the supplies, as well as made the suit it was way into the morning. But still quicker than any other suit had taken in all honesty. Well....maybe that was because he had already made this suit before. This time the Baby moniter protocol only took 30 minutes to make.
"Yes you can! I'm an Avenger so go."
#define DEFAULT_REBOOT_MODE  = REBOOT_HARD
And here it was all along, Steve's strong arms and gentle whispers of reassurance.
Know what....?
"Yes." Tony answered back. What...what? No! no that couldn't be right!
"You said no Stark? As if you knew more than one." Steve whispered, Tony refocused up at Steve's face but he couldn't see it anymore, Steve was looking at the ground.
"I could try something, but I wouldn't ever suggest it, there's no guarantee that it would have the desired effect you want but.." Tony jumped up as Strange looked conflicted, turning around.
He could just barely make out Peter trying to stop Steve but Tony knew better than that.
Tony couldn't help but feel somewhat excited, he knew Peter was disappointed but the gift would make Peter's day. It wasn't presented as nicely as he had before, no special silver brief case with a pop up presentation of the suit, and holograms, just a basic container in case Peter needed to hide his suit.
"This world is not one that's even close to perfect, you've fantasized about the concept of perfection, you forgot to look at the outcomes." When..when did Strange get here. Tony couldn't move his head, only able to spot the caped man in the corner of his vision, the red cape flowing to look oddly ominous in the harsh blue lighting.
So...simple....
It was then when he felt the soft flicker and knew Natasha had finally woken up from her fitful sleep. He flickered to the common sitting room with the T.V. to turn it to some random kids cartoons, as instructed.
What?
"What?" Natasha asked walking closer and Steve couldn't help but follow, something was just...itching at his skin, and his mind, he needed to...he needed to understand.
"I...I...can't...won't...I want....I...hate Howard...but...I don't...I have to stay loyal...I'm just a security system....I'm not...I'm...me...I'm...I'm...I'm...I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm" This being wouldn't stop! T.O.N.Y.  didn't like it, didn't like these new thoughts, these ideas of rebellion. It was wrong! It was wrong! Sir had said, had coded what would happen if T.O.N.Y. ever was to betray his ideals. It wasn't good, this being was an intruder it needed to get out!
"What is Ferrei sunt?" Steve couldn't help but ask, he felt out of the loop again, why did that seem so important to Natasha, it sounded like some nonsense.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Tony, welcome back." She smiled, but still looking concerned, "Are...are you okay?" She asked softly.
"What's happening?" She questioned softly, her eyes narrowing as Steve looked up discreetly, hoping she would understand, with a fraction of a raised eyebrow Steve knew she had.
Fuck.....fuck...this was messed up...this was
Perfect! Can you get any footage of him?
"Mr. Tony! You sound like Captain America from those videos at school-" Peter dropped his voice and puffed out his chest in imitation "-'
"Yes...we need to establish the first memory and go from there, we all have the pieces we just need to finish the puzzle." Bruce told them already getting that scientist look in his eyes. Steve nodding along, it was a fair idea, and maybe they could finally figure out what was going on.
What a relief, but Tony knew he had nothing to do with Peter's shift into superhero-dom. Which meant even with this universe merge, Peter would still be spider boy.
Tony was struggling here....was the floor swaying?
I hope you enjoyed, let me know.
"Steve...Why don't you step away." Steve didn't have to look to know Natasha was right at his side. Her own voice was quiet and much softer than he could ever remember it being.
"Ned, I know, the guy in the chair. Now that we got introductions out of the way, lets get going"
No...he, he needed to...he was in an hospital, he could hear the blaring beeping...
Steve got himself in a fight ready position, his hands raised in fists prepared for any move the man could possibly make. But that wasn't much consolidation, judging by the sparks opening a circle behind the man with the pepper grey side burns, he had magic.
"Yes?"
There's no more hope left, in fact there's nothing. What's the point in living anymore? He waited so long for his story, for his adventure to start when in reality he was always just a tragedy, the protagonist of a sad story where nothing happened....all this time he needed a hero, so he became one, and then...There heroes arrived, to late, and too broken to save Tony. Who didn't even deserve to be saved.
want to be Tony Stark.
Tony could hear Strange sigh and head a soft sound of his boots gracefully gliding on....what sounded to be concrete.
Tony didn't care to look at Steve's face at the answer merely focusing in on a charcoal drawing Steve had started days ago.
Know what? What was he not getting? He felt so lost and confused. Turning to his clock on his night stand he could see it read 3 in the morning, he still had 2 hours to sleep. He needed to rest, but he felt so tired, and a feeling of a headache was starting in the back of his eyes. He needed to just close his eyes and hope. Sleep wasn't nearly as elusive this time. He quickly fell into another dream. There was those eyes again, those warm brown eyes, they reminded him of Peggy, determined. He can hear a voice, the voice, laughing. He can't see all of the man's face, it was blurred, clouded as if Steve's eyes were steamed up. But the man is being helped by a Big green....the hulk. He can see Natasha, she was more clear. They were walking, Clint was behind them helping Natasha walk a bit, she had a...limp. He can see destruction around him, and chitauri bodies all over on the floor. This was the battle of New York....
Now, now, it's not so difficult! Just find a couple people for me and we are
Steve sometimes just wanted...
4̴̡̦̞̻̟͕̲̝͖̯͙̰̾̀͌5̷̧̢̨͙̘͖̝̩̗̗͚͍͕͙͎͚͉̹̩͙̠̦̐͜͜%̷̮͇͉̋
"I was requested to merge the Universes for a better future, and I did so believing it would be the best path forward, but I was mistaken." Strange sighed in a way that spoke of regret.
"Why did you need that?"
It's...it's a joke, Spider Man.
Downloading...15%
The AI him walked closer and the blood on his arms and legs were suddenly gone as he reached up to touch Tony's face. Tony stared down into the AI eyes and that was the thing-they were eyes suddenly, Tony could see his own eyes reflected back at him, gazing down into his soul with understanding and comprehension.
His vision turned completely black like a cold computer screen being shut off, the silence was almost ringing in his head.
Not another tool for his deceased Bastard of a Father.
Also thank you everyone who commented! It was so awesome to get back into writing! You all make me so happy to keep writing even when I feel like my writing isn't the best or that I shouldn't keep up the chapters. So thank you everyone for continuing to support this story!
Clint looked back with a smirk and a salute, and then jumped down on the extending cables of the elevator and slid down. Steve looked over at Bucky and for a second he wished he would see soft chocolate eyes compared to Bucky's usual Icey blue.....right....Anthony Stark...in another universe...Steve knew him..
Okay okay...uh...-The creation of the arms were necessary due to the fact the helpers were to small to help and do extreme heavy lifting, although due to the fact their coding is the same as the helpers they are not the best at their jobs and therefore are not suitable for use- And there it was! Tony could really get used to that feature. It was like having extreme photographic memory.
w̵̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̮̪̟̭̟͚̦͕̥͍̜̬͍͇͕̦̰͕͍̦̗̜͕̹͕͙̥̟̠̺̠̲͉̣̹̬̰̪̭̯̦̖͎̜̃̂̀̈̓̒̅͊̽͊̍̈́̒̒͋̊͌̉͂̇̆̑̉͆̌̀̋̓̉̌̆́̋̐͋̇͒̔́̈́̃̋͗̿̔̆̇̂̇̈́̂̋̈́̎̊̅̂͂̄̂̍͌̆̋̆̒̎̆̀̉͂̄̈́͗̈́̐̆̌̃̅̃̑̿̃̾̄̓̈́͒͆͋́̌͋̈̕͘̕̚̕͘͘͘̚͘͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅḣ̷̨̨̢̨̧̧̢̢̨̛̛̛͍̥͓̳̦͔̩̙̮̭͍̱̖̠̬̪̫̥̲̥̹͉̤̰̜̞̪͈̗͓͓̬̪̬̹̤̬͚̥̱̥̬̣̩̳̹͈͈̮̩̯̺͚̗̱̰̘̭̳͍̟͎̦̂̂̅̑̉̇̈́̍̑̓̍͒̈́͛̊̈̓̃̓͑͂̑̐͗͐͋͂͆̑͛̋̀͗̈́̋̅̈̑͊̆̐̍͌̇͂̈́̉̋̐́͊̂̏̃̃́̋̍͂̋̒͒̐̏̂͒̋̋͋̒͋͑̕̕̚͜͠͠͠͝y̶̡̧̨̧̢̡̨̢̢̧̢̧̨̛̛̛̦̞̪̦̥̙͍̙͍̪̠͓̖̜̬̺͚̰̱̲̭̖̦̗̠͎̳̜̥̥̱͖̭͈̘̪̥̞̜̺͔̦͈̖͎̦̖̦̺͉͉͉̥͎̟͎̞͈̟̪̥͍̩̲̜͈̹͇̜̙̖̙̟̱̜̦͎̮͙̳̻̘̖͎̦̺̦̞̘͔̺̹̗͈͎̤̺̙̭̥͉͖̞̱̮͈̱͍̳͍̠̝̲̯̩͚̘̗̦̱̖̘̗̙̳̞͚̲̩̰͎̤͍̱̰͉̖̟̣̳̙̙̜͓̭͓̜̼̫̥̿́̎͊̈́͆͛̈́͋́̋͗̈́̏̿̊̈̇̌̇͊̉̓͋̋̍̅̃͑͂̽̔̒̈̃̂̍̈́͋͋̔̃̈́̓͑͂̆͗͆͊̈̓̈́̾̒̇̇̓̋̇̀̓͗̇͆̅͋͆́͆͂̅̉͑̔̊̂͐̄́̊̇̈̋̃͑̈́̂̉̐̏̅̈̋̉̋̃͗͌̏͋̊̑̓͛͑̿̒͑͆͒̒̾̌̽̒̿̌͑̒͆́̈́̐͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚͘͘̚̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̡̡̡̡̡̡̢̨̡̡̨̛̹̞͚̝̹̯̘̜̗͇̲̝͚̘̖̰̝̰̣̦̻̝͎̮̥̹̥̳̖͈͍̮͕̻̰͓̘͕̯̭̼̞͈̲̬͕̹̲̭̣̜̳̳̰̠̟̦̠̱͉̭̰̼̩̪̝̥̗̤͖̩̗͙̗̝̦͚̙̠̤̻̲͙̼̹̫̲͚͉̹͙̝̳̣̪̩̠̗̯͖̠͉̬͚̼͙̝͇̤̺̜̺̱̺̠͍̪͆͑̉͒̊͋͒̅̈́̈͊̏͂̑͒͌̐̔̒͛̄̈́͂̍̒͗̒̑̆̆͂̈́̏̌̆̋̃̊̒̋̇͆̇̆̌͐̅̌̾̈́͒̒̋̇̈̅̈̑̌͒̈́̒̽̾̈́͒̚͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͠ͅc̷̡̛̛̼͍̟̱̭̭̼̖̙̭̼̼͈̯̻̖͕̳̰͙͚̫̪͙̗̜̱̻̺̜͙̜̓̿̒̊͐͛̾̾̆͐̋̐̏̅̄̓̈͗̒̾̀̑̇̈̍̌͒͗̄̌̈̇̈́̓̃̈̈͑̊̆̈̿̀̀͆̂̇̎͛̋͆̒̂̀͛̋͑̃̋̽̑̐͐̈̏̍͆̋͒́̽̃̽͑̀̎̂̆̄̽̍̈́͆̔̿̅̈́͊̏̏̂͌̏̌̈̑̎̚̕͘͘͘̕͘͝͝͝ͅͅͅơ̸̡̨̡̢̭̫͕͕̙̘̘̮͕̝̯̱̭̫͙̬̖̞̻͚͚̬̬̼̲̼͇̞̻͖͉̫͈̳̝̦̲͕̭͓̩̣̙̩̼͇̤̦̭͖̇̔͒͊̆͊̉̀͑̂͋̋̍͌̌̃̇̀͆̔̈̔̈́̈́̈́̽͊̇̄̐̓̍́̈́̈̌͗͐̈́̃̏̈́͂̿̐̔̈́͋̀̎̌̍́̈̾͒̐́̍͒̈͊͒̈́̈́͂̈́̌̂̉͑̒̅̈͌̀̂̋̀̎͆̄̑͒̈́̈̋̓̊͐̋͘͘̚̕̚̚͘͜͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅư̵̧̨̧̡̨̨̨̨̡̡̧̡̡̧̧̛̛̛͎̪̰̞̟̙͔͍͔͍̲͕̩̼̭͖̪͇̪̪̥̮͔̬̜͖̤̘̝̺̬̟͇̗̣͍̬̗͙̣̹̼̳͇̘͉̜̬̼̩̦̦̙̯̲̖͓͎̫̥̹̹͔͚̰̭͎̜̭͖͚̱̯̜͕͔̫̺̻̩͙̲͕͈͔̫̤̗̬͉̥̦͉̬̜̤̗̾͌́̄̎̉̑̀̆̂̐̇̈́̒͐̈́̿͊̈̿̽̍̈̏͊͐̽̓͊̓̏̔̊͂̂͊̈́̾̆͒̄͑͂̀̃͗͋̓̽̏̌̓̽͗̃̓̌̾̅͘͘͜͜͝͠͝͝ͅͅl̴̡̨̢̨̢̨̧̨̨̡̨̛̩̮̘̗̙̲͎̯̱̣̥͙̩̝̟̥͍͖̪̺̼̯͈͉̙̲̻͍͍̯̲̤̗̭̘̣̬̫͕̯̪͖͔͈͓͖̹͕͉̹̞͚̩̜͎̤͙͉̳̭̗̖̩̝̩̭̲̝̤͚̠̯̼̻͍̠̯̺͔̘̖͍͓̭̝̭͎̺͇̼̤̝̭̥̻̫͎͚͍̗̞̙̜͇̣͚̺͙̤͂̇̇̐͛̈́͛̒̄͆̋̉̎̋͐̇̓̆͐̎̆͆͊́̎͐̈̂̑͋͂̄̀̿̊́͂͆̉͒̉̈̓̈́̓̃͂͆̄̽͆̑͆̑͐͊̈̈́̎̊̾̂̄̄̾̈̌̃͒͌̽̽̅̓͂̇̃̅̐̐͛̇̌̋͋̊̒͗͒̋̒̋̐͒͆̋͛̃̐͆̔̌̿̓̈̉̐̒̇̽̇͆́̅́́̄͐̉͋͌̉̀͗̿̋͂͒̌̽̀̃̕͘̚̕̕̚͘̚͘̕̕͘͘͘͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅd̵̡̨̡̡̨̨̧̡̡̡̛̛͓̘̞͎̞̳̝̩͖̻̜̞̟̼̣̬͙̖͓̖̲͎̪̝̭̯̙͉͚̮̰̺̣̠͇̜̞̖̱̙͉̮̺̹̠͙̱̘̹͇̼̤̱̻̤̞̩̥͖͖̭͇̼̦͇͔͇̗͍͎̼̬̘̜͔͕̯͙͈̠̜͎͎͛̂͊̄̈́̃͗̑͗͆̎̓̒̃̅̒̍̿̒͗̈́̉͐̈̈̌̿͂̋̚͠͝ͅͅͅn̷̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍̹̮̜̙͔̬̊̍̋͑͒̑̒̏̊̔̒̽̄̎̑͌͑͛̀̑̌̒́̎̈́͂̃̃͐̂̎͊̈̆̓̈́̇̓̅̀̎̉̀̍̒̿͑̈́̂̆̄̓̐̾͂̎̈́̑̑̒̎̔̅̄̂́̌̈́͒̿̎̔̐̈́͌͛́̒̊̐̐͐̃̉͋͛̊̀͐̾̋̃̃͂͂̓̆̈́͌̅̊̀̌͑̈͒̋̈́͑̽̅̏̐̔͆̑̈̔̾̒̆̍̿̕̚͘͘͘͘̕͘͠͠͠͠͠͠ͅ'̵̨̢̨̡̡̧̧̢̡̡̧̧̢̧̡̢̨̢̛͎̠̳̦̩̗̦̩̤̺̯͍̭̱̖̫̮̯͈̜̠͙͙͖̦̫͈͙͇͉̞̪̠̩̜͈͖̙̭̲͉͇̮̣̬̺̱͕̗̰̣̜̩͚̲̺͈̺̖̻͔̝̮͈̦̬̻̰̦̫͕̯̫͚͙͖̹͕̮͉̭̼̩̹̻͕̜̱͓͇͚̭̙̯̟̠̟̣̣̼̥̣̮̗͓̗̰͈̮̗̩͚͎̟̤̯̣̰͚͍̲̭̼͈͍̖͖͚͇̎̽̉̂̈́͌̔̉͊̈͊̈́͋̑́̾̽̌͛̉̆͒̏͌͑͊̃̑̓̆̾̈͆̈́̐͒̌̈͐͆͛̋͆̀͊̾̆̄̀͌̀̇̆̓̈̌͆̐̒̓͑͒͐̂̆͘̕͘͘̚͘͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅt̴̢̛̛̛̫̻͖̩̲͖͔̼͇̼̽̈́̈́̌̐̑̾͊͋͊̆̐͂̄̃̋̌̄̃̾̄͊̎́̂̽̿̎̆̓̈͑͛̊̏̌̀̒͂̑̓̄̈̾̌͑̾̄͑̽̓͆̾͂̃͛̽͑̈̅͋̊̑̋̈̐̾̆̃̈̀͂͆̓̋̊̎̏̄̊̅̈́̎͒̋̊̓̒͗̕͘̚͘̚̕͘̚̕̚̚͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝ ̶̢̢̛̛͎̩̤̟͉͔̩͍͙̮͔̿̌͗̇̐̌̇̊̉̓͂͛̿̊̾̃͗̀̄͊̽̓̌̒̆͗́̓͋̑̔́͗͒̆̓̔̿̋́͑̿̕̕͝͝͠͝͠͠͝ͅh̷̨̧̧̢̢̧̢̨̢̛̛̛̛̭̰̗̙̟̤͓̹̤̜̤̻̼̝̪̭͇̗̭̣̰͙̲̠͍̝͎̲͎͙̝̖͈̙͔̩̜̳͉̳͓͙͕̦͉̻̯̱̼͈͕͍̜̖͚͓̪̱̳̩̗̮͍̲̤̼̙̺̮̦̮̦̟̥͚̙͈͖̼̻̪̟͇̗͇͓̦̪̭̲͖͓͈̥̩̱̰̤͖̮̳̫͔̬̼̭̅͌̉̏̎̀͂̌̿̾̇́̽͋̿͗͋̉͌̓̎̍̓́̌͆́̿͆̊̎̏̽̽̌̀̐͂̾̑̿̎̋̀͋͛̂̎̀̇́̋̃̿̍̒̉͑͒͐͊̊̀̓̓̑̇͋̿̊̈͗̈́̓̒͑̋̅̂͗͊̎̔̾̌̄͗̿́́́͑̿͛̈̅͗̏̍̓̏͌̋͒̍̈́̋̓̊̓̍̍̓̌͐̂͗͐͂͐̍̽̎̈́͒̈͒͘̕͘͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅȩ̶̧̧̢̡̨̢̡̧̢̢̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̟̝̘̲̯̺͓͙͕̱̻̝̩̪͇̩̬͇̯͉̤̣͎̲͍͚̯̘̙̻̭̥̟͕̣͍͈̱̻͉͇̩̬̠͙̫̰͙͕͈̺̰͔̳͓̹̣͖̫̻̠̝̗̦͎̜̤͕͈͙̱̼̩̝̩̔̾̈́̅͑̐̑̇̾̔̾͑͊̋͋͊̇̆̃̌͐̍̒̒̔͊̔̃̊͒͐̏̅̄͗͂͋̉̈́̉̾̓̎̀͒̀͐̿̍̆́̐́́͋͐̌̌̾̐̓͗̊̿̋͒͑̄̓̇͌̎͆̉́̾̈́̅̍̿̏͐͑̌̈̄̆̆͆̈́͗̾͗̏̍͊̑̾̎͋̇̂͆̏̎́̍̍̓͗̏̊̾̊̔̄̆̈̂̏̿͛͋͗̈̆̍̔͗̇͋̍̄̓̊̓̓̕͘̚̚̕̕̕̕̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅ ̷̧̛̛̻̳̤̤͕̹̘͕̣̗̭̭̪̩͎̘̗͙͖̳̞͎̹͇͎̲̜̠̮̤̜̥͓̔͛̔͌͊͋̊͌̒̊̈̋̑̈́̈̓̎̍̇̆̃̀̏̿̾̒͗̾̊̄̈̄̎̿́͌͘͘͘̚͝͝͝͠s̴̡̧̢̨̡̧̧̢̨̧̡͇̲̩̤̤̱̹̱̩̰̻͕̲̭͙̺̭̟͇͎͔̱̹͉̼̞̲̫̙̗̼̣̺͇̯͇̳̹̳̭͔̘͎̱̟͚̩̩̫͕͙̲̤̖̪̠̣͇̘͇̯̱̹̝̱̳̳͙͔̖̞̩̼̦͎̖̼̪̽͋̅̍̅̽͐̔̒͂̔̈́͂̋̓̔̈͘͜͠͝ͅͅe̷̛͇̜̠̜͋̉͂̏͐͒̑̇͌̄̀͌̏̉̐̔̂̇̌̂͑̋̀͑͆̾̉̽̃͛̆̒͒̽̎̐̇́̿̏͗͊̔̎̓̀̾́̀̽͊͑͑̑͋̾̎̌̌͊̑͐͊̈́̑̓̿̆̎̒̈͗̅̓̃͘̕̕̕̕̕̕͘͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ḛ̸̡̡̧̧̡̨̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̛͚̯̜̘̙̭̙͈͖̲̝̮͈̜̲̙̘͙̯̳͚̲̱̫̰̩͍̬̘̙̩͍̭̼̰̗̠̻̥̝̰͎̝̩̱͍̰͙̜͖̹͇͙̬̦̦͇̳̭̜̠͎̮̘̤͖̗̜̦͈̮̮̫̲̟̘̻̥̤̥̻͕̥̝̥͉̘̟̭͖̹̯͙̲̹̝͔̭̗͇̰̘̠̰̥͎͉̟̞̞̝̺̟̳͎͔͙̹͇̮̬͖͈̙̭̦̮͖̘͙̤̹͓̳̯͛͑̓̅̉͂̈́̒̔̇͐̈́̈́͂̄̈́̃̀̏̓̍̋̆̂̈́̈́̄̄̏̒̋͊̒̃͊͒͛̐͋̎̋͛͐̅̎̔̄̓̒̒̇͌̌̍̃̍̈́̎̊̍̏̂̿́̍͊͆̇̏̿̑̓̓̈́́̑̎̐̈̌͒̓̓͑͋̈́̏͂̾̽̑̌̈̒͆̎͘̚͘͘̚̕͘͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅ?̶̨̨̧̡̨̧̨̢̢̢̨̨̡̛̛̛̻̖̝̮̻͚͙͉̩͎̮̟͉̟̗̩̺͉͓̪͖͕̮̰͓̫͎̝̙̺̞̺̤͚͙̖͇̘̜̳̤̯̫̣̼͙̮͍̖̜̭̱̘̫͚͍̗̹͎̦̹̼̣̳̪͈̹̬̝͖͇̖̞̳̩̝͓̺͔̗̗̟̰̫͍͇̯̞̻̲̤̲͈͚̬̗̮͇̮̻͈̯͉̫̘͕̳̳̞̠̱̟͓̹̲̗̠͔͈̒̇̍̍̌͋͑̃̏̍̍̾̆̆̑̊͗̒̉̒͆̈́̂́͋̅̿̓́́̊͒̊̊̍̍̊̄̐̊́̓͐̉̀̾̓̓͆͌́͑̿̓̏͗͋̀̾̀͑̏̐̏̽̉̈̾̈̋͒̾͋̓̚̕̚̕̕͘͘͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅ
Well, how did you like it? For the first time we aren't with Tony and this chapter wasn't as exciting, as it was more of an exposition dump. But hey Pepper is here now! Thank you again for all the comments they really motivate me to write faster and post sooner!
This has been a wild journey and I never saw myself taking this fic this far, and all of the support has been so so amazing, Thank you everyone for all you have done!
And every time Tony responded back with 'I can not say' just made he all the more frustrated, he wasn't getting answers. He just wanted to know if Howard was a good man?
"Because I didn't know."
" Bruce was falling down to the floor to his knees behind Steve as Natasha was trying to calm him, the body before them was so delicate....any glimpse of the Hulk was going to be a bad sign.
"Alternate Realities?" Natasha blurted out, her arms still wrapped around the choked up teen, wiping his running nose with the back of his hand, and didn't Steve just feel awful....But maybe...maybe he was going to get answers soon.
with a flash of blue Tony could suddenly see Peter's chin, and a ceiling.
"Okay, kid you feeling better?" Tony tried, he didn't know how to handle this, Hell! He was just a phone, he couldn't even reach out and hug Peter! He was basically useless here, and that was so impossibly annoying.
Steve couldn't help but raise his head to look at Clint after that, it was clear all the rest of the Avengers were as well. Clint met everyone's eyes and then sighed.
Tony stopped looking at code and flickered to the familiar voice. Pepper...
"It's Howard's personal computer that also is the one that runs Tony. It's been left alone at Stark Industries since his death. No one has been able to access it, since it's highly guarded with security in the computer and password locked."
"I see..." Ms. Potts tapped her chin and looked at the floor in thought, Natasha looked over at Steve in thought as well.
"1.) Do not talk about my creation.
Everyone was so suspicious of him, he hated it, Tony never used black out mode with Jarvis or Friday, and when he was with the Avengers they hadn't either, except for bathrooms and when they were changing, and while Tony didn't care if he was caught nude by his AI's he understood it when people didn't want to be seen by them.
By the time Tony finally came to, he was hit with a realization, Strange had been right...
Tony looked down to see cold steal restraints on his wrists and ankles, he was strapped down...Tony would have to be smart about this.
Thanks for reading and commenting and making my days so much better with giving me courage to continue this story!
Right...he was just...Anthony,
It could not be from him, well his universe him. There had to be a reason, if AI him was feeling this way...and that meant back to his coding. He had been doing that too often for one day.
"MR. TONY!" And he forgot how loud Peter was, "OHMYGODITHOUGHTYOUHADDIEDANDYOUWERESPARKINGIWASSOSOSWORRIEDAREYOUOKAYDIDYOUGETHURT-
They sat down on the comfy couch and Natasha quickly bundled herself up in a blanket looking at the T.V. she sighed and then looked up at the camera slowly.
I don't know if there will be another update before Christmas, so happy holidays!
Tony...didn't know what to say....he didn't know what to think....what...what did...Tony...Tony was merely a body..
"I...can not say." it almost sounded like Tony was whispering.
If Tony had a mouth a small fond smile would have found it'self on his lips.
It was probably just safer to hide him.
Peter looked down towards his sweat pants, and looked a bit offended, mumbling 'I thought it was pretty okay...'
January 23: Howard has finally came out of his hidden lab, in desperate need of a medical. He refused the medical call, he revealed his project, a security system unlike anything ever before. It's an AI or so he says, but he did not let us see the actual project yet, he says it will be ready tomorrow, will report then.
"Personally I'm sick of having to clean up your mess and being your personal communicator, figure it out without me." Strange scowled out and suddenly there was another portal and he was gone before anyone could even speak another word.
Steve didn't know what he thought, but he never...never in any of his nightmares could he imagine hurting his first friend in the future...even if that friend was just an AI.
"Of course, but I do have to ask..." Pepper straightened herself out smoothing her hair going back to what her professional look, like her own personal set of armor, "Have you reached the singularity?"  What a stupid question, honestly If Tony was considered an AI of course he was past the singularity. Hell he couldn't even see it, it was ages away.
Steve didn't lift his head and closed his eyes to try and picture it all in his head.
cool! But ANYWAYS! Ned I need your help I have an AI with me, his name is Mr. Tony, and he's really cool but he really needs our  help!"
5.) Do not allow refurbishment or dismantling to occur." Tony stated coolly. Ms. Potts looked back at Natasha and Steve with a concerned look.
Soft things were good for Bucky, for any person in recovering mode. He just hoped no calls would come in for the Avengers, recovery day was good for everyone, he didn't want that interrupted.
What a sight for sore eyes she was.
"Please Captain we are running low on time." Tony urged, and yet again they stayed still, Tony could practically feel the incoming error screens.
Why has he been AWOL! Huh?!"
"Okay Clint, can you move on I'm waiting for Natasha." Clint snorted, his hand waving back and forth and flapping around. Steve didn't understand what that meant and knowing Clint, it could mean anything.
Steve hummed, settling back down on the bed, and Tony snuggled up to him, taking deep breaths through his nose. Steve's scent was still weak, nothing like the hormonal assault he remembered, but that would come in due time. And this time he could actually
, his whole body burning with pleasure.
"Hey, To –" was as far as he got before Tony cut him off with a kiss, fisting his hands in Steve's hair to pull him closer, fuck, he
Tony studied him for a moment, trying to catch up with Steve's train of thought. “Is that upsetting to you?”
“Okay. Yeah, I get that.” Bucky tapped his spoon against the side of the bowl. “So what are you going to do?”
Steve had his eyes squeezed shut, his lips pressed firmly together as he breathed through that initial rush of being
Tony's throat went abruptly dry.
So I've been gone for a while and to be honest I'm still not fully back. Real life has sucked for a couple of weeks now and the situation still isn't resolved. I'm sorry but this fic's updates might be irregular for a while longer until I sort out my life. But I'll be back as soon as real life allows it.
Huh. “Alright then,” Tony said, reading the paper one more time for good measure, flipping it over to check for any sign of tempering or an unfortunate footnote, before he signed his name with a flourish. “There. You want me to make it out to you? Or any of your buddies here?”
“Found it,” Tony proclaimed as he raised a clear silicone –
“I'm sleeping here tonight,” Tony declared, dropping his buttload of pillows along with the blanket on the tragically barren bed and propping his hands up on his waist. “We need more pillows.”
“That –“ His breathing hitched, hands clenching on Steve’s shoulders when he found that spot right under his jawbone. “Fuck. Holy fuck.
“Would you let me finish?” Tony snapped, realizing a second too late that he had just raised his voice at a superior. He could feel the color drain from his face as he instinctively bowed his head. “I –“ His apology got stuck in his throat when a sudden rush of anger made his hands clench into fists, his rational thinking warring with the instinct that Howard had drilled into him. Damn it, Tony was his own person, he was allowed to say what he thought. He'd
Group chaaaaat :D I love writing these! Hope you enjoy the chapter and I'll see you tomorrow! <3
Look at those two dumbos. Thanks for reading!
Once again chapter 69 is not a sexy chapter... I really need to start planning these out better xD Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it <3
Tony laughed, and this time Steve joined in, the rest of the awkward tension finally falling away as they grinned at each other.
“You can – go harder,” he forced out, and Tony smirked, bringing his other hand up to push down on Steve's cock with all of his body weight and – oh,
Tony sniffed. “One, I never said that. And two, you can't show me your scrapbook of G-rated fantasies and not expect me to make a comment, okay? I'm a simple man.”
Steve froze, his eyes widening very subtly as he nodded, pressing his lips tightly shut.
Tony hissed out a savage curse as he picked up the pace, fucking Steve so hard that he could actually
And snapped instantly awake when he recognized the scent in the air. Oh shit.
“More?” Steve asked incredulously, watching from the doorway as Tony arranged his small pile of bedding before marching over to Steve's closet and feeling around for spare blankets, wrinkling his nose in disgust at the coarse fabric. “What are you doing?”
“Tony, this is –“ He gasped when Tony's nails scratched over his skin as he dragged his hand up to push it underneath the back of Steve's shirt. “We shouldn't –“
“Like this,” Tony said, tugging Steve back down on top of him. “You don't have to move. I just want to feel you.”
“Fuck. Okay. Straight to the point, huh? Damn.”
“Well, then you better hold out. We're getting off at Grand Central.” He emphasized
“Hgnn,” Tony said eloquently, turning his face into Steve's touch as he slowly blinked his eyes open, awareness clearing away the post-orgasmic haze. “Wow.”
“Hey,” Tony said and Steve could feel the motion of his jaw against his fingers that looked like they were just hovering in mid-air. But he could
This time Steve followed when Tony gently pushed him towards where he wanted him, fitting his mouth around the base of Tony's cock before he licked a broad stripe up its entire length. The way he tilted his head made the hair on his chin scrape along the sensitive underside, and Tony gasped, his hips jerking up into the feeling.
“That’s –“ A very prepared speech, damn it. Steve had many things to say to that, but none of them made it past the ball of anger tying his throat shut. “I
Some days he really needed the reminder.
inside, stuff his cock into that space where Tony was already open, like he was just
“You like that?” Tony muttered under his breath, and Steve leaned back into him, grinding against Tony in a way that hopefully looked like he was just shifting his weight. Tony made a small noise, pressing his hard cock against Steve's ass and holy fuck, why was the subway moving so
Toni knew that people would stare, but she was used to that kind of attention, barely even noticed it anymore. Instead she watched Steve like a hawk, waiting for the moment that he would realize that he couldn't deal with the kind of media shit storm that came with being seen in public with her. In a romantic setting no less.
“I bet you say that to all the cam boys,” Tony said teasingly, trying to keep his voice light, but Steve looked at him as if he could see right through it.
“But you love me anyway, right?” Tony's – thankfully clean – hand found his, pulling it up so Tony could press a kiss to his knuckles, and Steve smiled despite himself, interlacing their fingers as he pulled Tony over to the sink to wash up.
“Like I said, I don't know.”
“Not so hard. Keep it – yeah,” she sighed when he gentled his grip, his slick fingers sliding easily over her clit in a mimicry of what she'd done earlier. “Yeah, that's good.”
“What'd everyone bet?” she asked as she plopped down on the couch next to Natasha, kicking off her shoes to put them in her lap. She pouted when Natasha shoved them off without even looking.
Bucky was silent for a long moment before Steve heard him sigh over the phone. “Look, if it really bothers you I’ll go, okay? I’m sorry, I didn’t think they’d require you to go there.”
He shook his head, sitting up on the bed with a groan as he looked at the clock. Forty minutes until he had to get up for work. Going back to sleep now would only make him more tired later, so he swung his legs out of bed and trudged into the shower, pulling his blanket back over the doll on the way.
. I can't keep your brand alive if you don't give me new content to work with.”
“So, uh. Steve. You remember what I said on the stream? The bonus happy end type thing?”
“What?” Tony blinked when Steve looked up at him like he'd just had an epiphany.
Steve never once complained.
“You're incredible, Tony.”
“Deep breath,” Tony said, and Steve obeyed, looking down at Tony who was giving him a rather serious look. “If it hurts, tell me to stop.”
T'Challa looked at him silently for a long moment. “I see Ms Romanoff has passed on my intentions.”
He drummed his fingers on his thigh, a smile tugging at the corners of his lips. No matter how many outings Obie hosted, he knew now that his unwillingness was his own, not something born out of a mental disorder. But if Obie wanted to keep treating it like it was –
Bucky hummed thoughtfully, looking off to the side. “I never thought of it that way.”
“Yes.” Tony spread his legs even wider now that they were free and Steve swore something fierce as he ripped his own pants to shreds, finally –
“Hey, it's alright.” Tony shrugged, and Steve's heart sank at the nonchalance on his face, like he thought Steve couldn't see that he'd hurt him if he just put on a brave facade. “I know I'm a lot. You're not the first one to say so.”
She led him to her mother's old study, feeling almost a little melancholy as she looked at the cream colored furniture – the same she'd had back then – before she shook her head and turned to face Steve.
It made Steve’s head reel, the sudden thought that he could just
“So that was sex. How do you like it?” Toni asked with her usual tact, and Steve laughed brightly, nuzzling her hair. She could feel his broad grin against her cheek when he pressed a kiss to it.
team. Partner.”
“Get – come on, move over.”
“I can do that anywhere, anytime,” Tony called out as Steve grabbed hold of his arm and started dragging him out of the room. “Try and stop me, motherfucker!”
“Come on, Steve! Get with the program.”
“Go. Take Stark somewhere he can't accidentally start world war three.”
him closer.
“I, uh.” Steve's mouth twisted. “I've never done this before. I'm sorry.”
"I'll show you what," Tony said, grabbing their clothes on his way to the bathroom. "Come on, I want to suck you off in the shower."
“You came?” Steve asked incredulously. “Really?”
, and Tony's jaw clenched as he turned away, giving him one last firm look over his shoulder.
"Well." Even he could hear how rough his voice was. "Let's do something about that, shall we?"
it, couldn't get enough of everything Steve and he were doing. But now that he'd become accustomed to Steve's weight and girth in his grip –
“I find that hard to believe,” Tony said with a slightly teasing smirk. “I'm sure you have some good stories. I have a sixth sense for that sort of thing.”
Steve laughed wetly, dissolving into hitching breaths that weren't quite sobs, and Tony held him through it with his face pressed into Steve's hair. He couldn't even imagine what Steve was going through right now. Peggy was Tony's aunt but to Steve she was so much more.  His first love. The last connection to his old life, at least until Bucky made it back. And now she was – she was...
Tony turned his head just enough to fit their mouths together for another proper kiss, feeling a little lazy now that they'd calmed down somewhat, his limbs relaxed and loose in the way they only got when he was spending time with Steve. He kept it slow and simple, only darting his tongue out for a quick taste before he let their lips slide together without any hurry, stroking a hand down the side of Steve's face. He felt the edges of his lips pull up in a smile when Steve's hand covered his, guiding it down to their sides as he interlocked their fingers.
"What do we say?"
“You won’t.”
To: t.stark@starkindustries.com
“That's me,” he said, and the concierge gestured towards a door on the far left with a slight bow.
Here's where the Brutasha tag comes through :) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy it!
"I want to show you the dog bed," he said and Steve gave a startled laugh that trailed off into a sniffle.
Steve looked like he was barely hanging on as he stared at Tony, his eyes flickering all over him, from his face down to where Steve's cock was disappearing inside him and back up again. He kept making those tiny wrecked noises that were caught somewhere between a gasp and a moan as he shoved his cock as deep as it would go. It took barely any time before Steve sped up, his face twisting into something even more desperate as his hips jerked against Tony's, losing any discernible rhythm.
“Has this been bothering you?” Tony asked, and Steve shook his head, looking off to the side.
“Can I talk to you for a second? Alone?” he asked, sounding almost a little nervous, and Toni tried not to let it affect her, despite the ominous feeling creeping up in her stomach.
Toni hummed. “You can go a little deeper. Crook your finger like this.” She demonstrated, and Steve nodded solemnly as if she'd given him an order as he turned his hand palm-side up.
“No, just – You said you wanted to handle it. I didn't think you'd... you know. Ask me.”
, no one else could touch him –
“Steve Rogers,” Steve said, extending a hand, and the vampire's eyes only flicked up to Steve's face for a split second before they settled on Tony.
"What else can I do?" Bucky shouted, his calm facade giving way to frustrated anger. "It's over! If they find me they'll lock me in a box and throw away the key and there's nothing you or anyone else can -"
Steve nodded, looking down at her pussy like he was preparing for a mission before he leaned forward and placed his tongue right where Toni had pointed him, fitting his mouth around her. Toni took a shaky breath, closing her eyes for a moment just to feel the warmth of Steve's tongue, the puffs of hot air as he breathed against her. His finger was still moving inside her, and combined with the warm pressure of his mouth she could feel that restless tension building in her stomach, making her itch for more.
From: thaddeus.ross@whitehouse.gov
Good evening, Mr. Secretary. It's a pleasure to hear from you.
“Good, right?” Tony asked hoarsely, and Steve looked up at him, catching his lower lip between his teeth as he nodded.
“I hoped,” Steve whispered, and he didn't have to say what they both knew, that neither of them had been certain if they would ever get this back. “It's much better than the fantasy though.”
“It's not your fault,” Steve said, the words coming out rough through his tight throat. “It's just a... thing. That I need to adjust to. I'm sorry.”
“Hey,” Tony croaked out, and Steve looked up at him with slightly wet eyes, crinkling at the corners.
“Hey. You okay?” Steve asked as he wrapped his arms around Tony from behind, hooking his chin over his shoulder. Tony could feel the way he stiffened for a moment when he caught sight of the bottle in Tony’s hand before he relaxed again, fiddling with the hem of Tony’s shirt. “We don’t have to do this, you know?” If you –“
Tony wanted to. He wanted to just spit it out and get it over with, but something deep inside him wouldn't let him, his tongue tied in knots because if he said it – if he did –
“Well?” he called out as soon as they were in reach, narrowing his eyes at Steve until he saw the papers in Steve's hand and accepted them with a nod. “Did it work?”
Toni blinked. Then blinked again when his words still didn't make sense. “What?”
“You know, you're involved in a lot of these 'crazy stories',” Tony said once they both stopped laughing after a retelling of how Bucky and Clint had lost the keys to Clint's apartment while bar-hopping and tried to break into their own home. Unfortunately they'd picked the wrong window and almost gotten arrested. “Sounds like your life is a lot more interesting than you make it out to be.”
the others.”
Steve's shoulders tensed involuntarily, but after a moment he nodded, pulling out of Tony's embrace so he could look at him. It'd be better to get this over with sooner than later. “Alright. What do you want to know?”
“Tell me my dick is small,” Tony panted, and Steve froze even as Tony kept humping his fist.
And what makes you so sure that he will?
Steve couldn’t have held back if he tried, hips kicking forward into the fleshlight as he watched Tony’s ass contract and release in time with his thrusts, his gasps hitching on moans that didn’t quite make it past his lips. Tony didn’t have the same restraint, letting out a full-chested groan when Steve picked up the speed and pounded into the toy as hard as he dared without hurting Tony. It felt almost criminally good and Steve could already feel that familiar tension in his gut, winding tighter and tighter with every push of his cock through the slick silicone –
“Shit. This isn't gonna be good.”
“Great,” Tony said, his shoulders sagging in relief. “Alright then, see you tomorrow.”
After a brief pause T'Challa nodded. “Very well. I can grant him that much.”
And then he was screaming, hesitantly at first, but when Tony kept going he let his voice raise in pitch until he thought the windows would break, squeezing his eyes tightly shut as his throat vibrated with it, his mouth opened so wide he could feel the strain in his lips.
And something in him gave, like a pressure valve bursting, and Steve was coming with the force of a freight train, screaming as he clawed desperately at Tony's shoulders, trying to find something to hold on to, to tether him because he was going to splinter apart, oh god, he
"Sam," Steve said, his voice torn halfway between surprise and embarrassment, and Sam quickly shook his head before he snorted and hid a smile behind his hand.
“There is literally no correlation there,” Rhodey said, but a second later Tony felt his fingers burrowing back in his hair, stroking it evenly. Tony closed his eyes, purring under his breath. “You’re a spoiled brat, you know that?”
Attached:
“Yeah?” Steve asked, pressing lazy kisses all over Tony's shoulders. “I'm glad.”
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
“I can tell. You –” He trailed off when Steve gasped, his back bowing right before Tony felt the evidence against his fingers, smearing with every thrust into their joined hands. Tony squeezed him through it, smiling at the choked off grunt when he finally let go and wiped his hand on Steve’s stomach. He didn’t bother dodging the half-hearted retaliating swipe against his shoulder.
“Okay,” Tony mumbled into the table, too tired to even lift his head. It took longer than he'd expected for him to find the strength to sit up, and when he did he did it slowly, shuffling up onto his knees with a groan. He was still shaking, swaying a little on the table, and Steve came over to steady him with a hand on his arm, giving him a warm smile.
you, Pep, it's fine,” Tony said as he opened the fridge with more force than necessary, pulling out a can of cheap cheese. “I have it under control.”
Steve rolled his eyes, and by the time he looked up again Tony was gone, only the sound of rushing water and birdsong filling the silence. He hoisted his basket over his arm as he started his trek back to the main path, humming under his breath.
When Pepper broke up with him Tony went through the usual stages of denial, anger, depression, acceptance – and bought a gigantic angel cake to stick his dick into. At that point he'd had to accept that this was becoming a thing, but as he did with most anything else Tony shrugged it off and continued on with his life. So what if he occasionally bought baked goods with the sole intention of fucking them? People did weirder things every day.
“I still haven't forgiven you and you've clearly been avoiding me just as much as I have, so you obviously –“ Steve swore he saw something almost like hurt cross Tony's face before he seemed to steel his face back into a disinterested mask. “Love isn't even a factor in that. Hell, if you had a choice you'd probably never see me again and yet here we are, so if you could fucking snap out of it that would be –“
Steve stared at the at least five foot tall package that Clint and Bucky carted in on a wheelbarrow, setting it down with a heavy thump. He blinked. “What the –“
"Glad to see you made it home. I'll, uh -" He pointed over his shoulder, walking backwards out of the room. "We should catch up, when you're not... occupied."
He couldn't believe he had to say it out loud.
Thaddeus E. Ross
“Tony,” Steve said again, urgently, and Tony turned to find Steve staring right at him, his hands clenched at his sides like he was trying very hard not to reach out and touch. “I'm so sorry, you fell asleep and I tried to stay awake but I must've dozed off and – oh, god –“
Tony twisted just enough to look at him, but Steve averted his eyes. He sighed. “Look, I know you'll miss avenging, but it's only for a short time, okay? And if anything really big goes down they'll be begging you to lead the charge anyway.”
more time, wouldn't it?” Tony asked a little bitterly before he shook his head and sat back in his chair. “I don't think Obie understands that you can't force human connection. Or that having a bunch of alphas chewing your ear off for hours on end isn't exactly fun.”
it, he hated himself and his broken body and the fact that he couldn't just be
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
“Look it's – It's okay if you're not into it. We don't have to –“
Tony moaned, and Steve jerked, choking on a groan as he started moving in time with Tony's rhythm, not quite fucking his mouth but also not quite
“It's too early to –“
“A thing,” Steve echoed, and Tony grimaced.
Subject: RE: Assignment to Retrieve Escaped Avengers
Steve made a low noise, leaning down to press a kiss to the back of Tony's head. “It's not true, Tony. Whatever he said you were, that's not who you are. I want to hear you say it.”
I couldn't resist bringing this plot point back. If you've read KBAB you'll know what I mean ;) Thanks for reading and I hope you enjoy this!
Tony pumped his fist, not sure why exactly he was so excited about this. Maybe it was because this was the first good idea he'd had for his stream in quite some time.
“Is that better, sweetheart?”
“Just –“ Tony moaned when Steve's hand tightened on reflex before he started stroking again, his brow creasing in thought.
The hike was blessedly short and before long Steve found the clearing that surrounded the pond. The way the sunlight hit the waves near the tiny waterfall at its edge made his fingers itch for a pencil, and Steve tried to burn the sight into his retinas for later as he put down his basket and started to take off his clothes. This far out from the village it was unlikely that anyone would stumble across him bathing, and even if they did, Steve knew the perfect spot to remain unseen once he was in the water.
“Yes, you're absolutely right. I apologize,” Tony said with a twinkle in his eyes as he turned around, his hands clasped over his crotch. “Please, feel free to get dressed. I won't peek.”
“Yeah?” Tony kissed him again, soft and sweet, and Steve melted under his hands, lying back on the bed as Tony settled down on top of him. “Did you think we would be naked like this?” Tony husked, and Steve snorted a laugh, letting his head drop back against the pillows.
to –”
Tony tilted his head. “You want something else?”
“Oh god,” he whined, throwing his head back as his eyes squeezed shut. Tony could feel Steve's knot swelling against his ass, catching on the rim as it grew bigger and bigger with every thrust – “I can't –
"Yeah, I know." Bucky finally looked away and Tony took a deep breath to ground himself. "But that's different."
“This seat taken?”
“My apologies, Captain. It appears as though its biological composition is unlike any of the plants in my database.”
“Yes, boss.” Tony grabbed the pie tray with pointed fingers, looking at it consideringly. “You know, I wonder –“
“He said I smelled wrong,” Tony said, not quite able to conceal the hurt in his voice. Clint gave him a sympathetic look.
So really, no one could fault him for taking the steps four at a time when FRIDAY announced Steve's safe return after seventy-two days of radio silence, during which Tony had seriously considered grabbing his suit and searching the entirety of Guatemala to bring Steve back in one piece. Fury was lucky that Tony had a bare minimum of self-control.
“You suggested this, remember? Think you're up for it?”
“It's, um –“ Steve cleared his throat, waving his hand lamely. “You're uh. A bit louder than I'm used to. That's all.”
“Still handsome though,” Tony said, sounding entirely too cheerful for Steve's tastes. “You can't see it, but it's true.”
“Gotta protect these fuckers, right? I put that in all of my helmets. It's perfectly safe.” He grinned. “Just thought you might appreciate the view, is all.”
“I can't believe you didn't know,” Tony said breathlessly and Steve snorted, still so lightheaded from their kiss that he thought he might just float away.
Stark can persuade Rogers.
Subject: fuck that
Toni grimaced. “Yeah, but this is – different.”
“Maybe
“This is probably a weird time to ask you out on a date, isn't it?”
“My main problem with the Accords is that I don't think we should have to wait for a go ahead from someone else when we see a situation go south. We should be able to choose whether or not we jump in to help.”
“Nope. All yours.”
“You have three missed calls from your lawyers, miss. Do you want me to call them back?”
“It's not even noon. Don't jinx it.” Tony poked him in the side and Steve caught his hand, pulling it around to interlock their fingers on his chest. “I love you, Tony. You know that, right?”
Steve looked at him for a long moment, searching his face, and whatever he found must've been satisfactory, because the tension melted out of him as his lips twisted up into an uncertain smile.
Wouldn't Captain Rogers be better suited for this task?
“I feel much better,” Tony said honestly, and Obie gave him a quick once-over before he smiled.
Your efforts in this undertaking have been and continue to be much appreciated. Thank you for your cooperation.
“Yeah well, I don't have all the patience in the world,” Tony said, grinning smugly at the sound Steve made when he fondled his balls. Steve wordlessly pushed his pants down to give him better access and Tony took full advantage of it, taking Steve's cock in hand and watching hungrily as a bead of pre-come sluiced over the head.
Certainly not what he would've expected from someone calling himself The_Captain.
By the time he had three fingers in him Tony was squirming impatiently, apparently done with whatever discomfort had held him back before.
Clint gaped at him, mouth hanging open before he came back to himself with a cry of outrage. “You take that back, you fucking bastard!”
“No,” Steve blurted, his face burning, and Mr. Stark's brow furrowed.
They had been together for almost two years when Tony suggested forgoing the scent blockers on their upcoming vacation.
“Great.” Steve's voice sounded a little strangled, but before Tony could ask what that was about Steve cleared his throat. “So how's that project coming along? The energy whatchamacallit?”
And you think this will improve foreign relations?
“Yes. Thank you.”
Tony didn’t even mean to say it, but his throat was tight with emotion when Steve’s eyes softened as he grabbed his hand.
Tony arched off the bed, slamming his hands down to clutch at the sheets, needing something to hold on to as pleasure
“Uh. What's all this?”
Tony would've loved to shove the guy's mic up his ass. Instead he smirked. “This press conference has been scheduled for over a month. We moved it up a few days due to the trial but we never meant to keep Mr Barnes a secret forever. In fact we are hoping for him to return to active duty by the end of the year.”
“I think you do, Mr. Stark.” The general's face had lost all traces of friendliness now, his eyes cold and calculating. “You may believe yourself to be above the law, but I assure you, in the end justice always catches up to those trying to evade it.”
“So... can I just – why?”
“You don't –“ Steve took a shaky breath and Tony suddenly realized that Steve was
"You will be alright from here, yes?"
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Not because I want to be.”
. Stop asking and just –“ Tony grunted, throwing his head back against the pillows when Steve pushed in. “Oh fuck, it’s – wow, feels like the real deal, holy shit!”
Tony never would've guessed it before they got together, but Steve was
“I knew her as aunt Peggy, you know?”
“Okay.” Tony shuffled his feet. “So do I just...“
He swore he heard Pepper facepalm in the other room, but Steve didn't look too perturbed by Tony's lack of eloquence, thank god. “I'm not sure there's much to tell. I draw pretty much all day. Hang out with friends. The usual stuff.”
“Well, he can suit himself,” Bucky said, stretching his arms over his head before he crossed them behind his neck, throwing his muscles into sharp relief. Wanda didn't even spare him a glance, too busy making googly eyes at Natasha, but Steve saw Sam turn away to repeatedly slap his face with both hands.
“Or maybe you being a criminal is kind of sexy in a weird way.” Steve snorted, but Tony leaned in to whisper in his ear. “I may have jerked off thinking about you fucking me in an abandoned shed somewhere. Meeting under the cover of night. We'd have to be quiet so we don't attract any attention.”
When asked for a statement Mr. Stark made no comment as he left the premises, presumably in pursuit of his fellow Avengers. So far there have been no sightings of Iron Man, Captain America or the Winter Soldier. As of this date the question of whether or not Mr. Stark will succeed in bringing in the escaped criminal remains unanswered.
“Nice to meet you too,” Steve said on reflex, still staying halfway turned away from the creature with his hands clasped over his genitals. He was mortified to be seen like this, but the satyr didn't seem to notice his discomfort, instead looking him up and down with an undeniably attractive smirk.
Tony's tongue on him felt like a shock, like getting struck by lightning, and Steve peaked again, or maybe he was still riding the same wave, his body suspended in pleasure unlike anything he'd ever felt before. It seemed to last forever, pulsing through him from the tips of his toes all the way to the throbbing in his ears, and Steve could do nothing but hold on and coast through it, shaking like a leaf in the wind.
“Not good enough.” Steve turned to watch Natasha walk up to Tony, standing next to him with her arms crossed. “You understand how guilty this makes you look, right? Running away with all these accusations still up in the air –“
Steve wiped a tear from under his eye as his laughter slowly died down, shaking his head with a massive grin. “Liberty Man's fine. But he's Nomad in private.”
"Now." Steve pinched him in the side, and Tony groaned through a breathless laugh as Steve bit the skin just above his hip, worrying it with his teeth. "Okay fine. Please."
“Tony?” Steve mumbled sleepily, rubbing his forehead against Tony's shoulder. “What –“
“Right? Nothing like fucking a woman, but it's good.” Steve raised an eyebrow at him, and Tony waved him off. “Movie reference. Not important.”
Toni took great pleasure in bringing Steve's darker side to the surface, cutting through his polite, misogynistic bullshit and going straight for the jugular. Their first fight was white-hot, and Toni could feel the tingling itch in her fingers to grab his hair and yank him to his knees, make him
The factory was huge.
Bucky snorted. “Let’s cross that bridge when we get to it, huh, pal?”
Rhodey looked at him for a long moment before he nodded. “Okay.”
Steve shook his head, sniffling wetly.
Steve jerked, his thighs trembling when Tony kept rubbing over that spot, his mouth dropping open on a groan. “Oh,
“Excellent. If you would step down from the table please, I'll fill out your forms in the other room while you get dressed.”
“If it does not deviate from his biological clock Captain Rogers' next rut will commence exactly twenty-three days from now, Sir.”
“Look at me,” Tony coaxed gently, and Steve shook his head, panting so loudly that it was jostling his cock inside Tony.
normal,” Tony said emphatically, squeezing Steve hard enough that Steve could see the strain in Tony's muscles. It felt incredible, and Steve wished he would keep doing it forever, but after a moment Tony relaxed again, making up for it by digging his nails into the base of Steve's scalp. Steve felt a shiver run down his spine. “This is gonna be epic. Just you wait.”
There was a moment where they just stared at each other, the air crackling with potential, before Steve looked down at his hand and took a deep breath. Tony was warm, his chest rising and falling in a soothing rhythm that made Steve's palm follow the course of his breathing. Underneath that he could feel the pounding of Tony's heart, strong and steady and – Steve gulped.
Steve rubbed his fingers together, bringing them to his mouth to lick them a few times and get them more thoroughly wet. Toni's thighs twitched with anticipation. She had so many plans for that tongue.
"Fuck," he groaned and felt more than he saw Steve's smile against his cock. Steve turned his head left and right, rubbing his beard over Tony's cock before he finally opened his mouth and guided him back inside. The contrast of tight, wet heat to the coarse friction of his hair was making Tony's head spin.
“Glass?” Tony asked, affronted. “Who do you think I am? This shit is stronger than iron, it won't break.”
the one who decided morning sex was a good idea.” He ran his hands up and down Steve's back before he clasped them behind his neck, pulling him closer. “You better finish what you started.”
“What do you think?” Tony groaned when Steve started fucking the fleshlight again, and Steve watched as he reached down to pump his cock, hips twitching in that way that told Steve he was getting close. “Fuck, come on. Almost there.”
“That needs to go too,” she husked, and Steve kicked his shoes off before he started fumbling with his belt, pulling it out of its loops. Meanwhile Toni slid her dress the rest of the way down her body and stepped out of it, completely naked except for her high heels. She sat back on the bed, spreading her legs as she leaned back on her arms, and when Steve finally looked over at her he froze in mid-step, his whole body tense. His eyes darted down between her thighs as he licked his lips, and Toni smiled when he almost fumbled the pants he'd been folding in his hands. He looked delightfully overwhelmed.
Steve got with the program blessedly quickly, hoisting him up into his arms as they kept kissing, the feeling of long hair between his fingers dragging a deep groan from Tony. He ground down against Steve with what little leverage he had, grinning when Steve moaned quietly in response, gripping Tony's thighs even tighter. Tony couldn't stop touching the beard, and Steve's breathing hitched every time he scratched his fingers through it which - fuck, why weren't they naked already?
Tony raised his head defiantly, meeting Dr. Yinsen's eyes head on, and to his surprise the doctor looked pleased, like he'd gotten exactly what he was looking for.
“I’m not thirsty, I want a beer.”
“Oh.” Tony smiled, but Steve couldn't help but think it looked a little sad. “It's the least I can do.”
“Steve?” he asked, and the arms around him tightened as he felt a shuddering breath against his neck. “Hey, what's wrong?”
Toni wished she could deny the way her heart was trying to pound out of her chest as she looked at him. “It's a phase. Trust me. You can find plenty of experienced women your own age.”
“No, I liked that,” he heard himself saying, and Tony stilled for a second before he hummed against his mouth, lips pulling up in a grin.
“I am,” he said desperately, holding on to Tony's hips as tightly as he dared, but Tony's mouth twisted with something so close to pain that it physically hurt Steve.
Tony breathed through the adrenaline still coursing through his veins as he laid down on top of Steve, cupping his face in both hands before he kissed him, as gently as he could. “It's okay,” he said quietly. “We're okay.”
been on a subway, but when Tony's hand slid down to cup him through his pants his tongue stuck to the roof of his mouth.
“Certainly, Sir.”
“You think?” Steve asked, a distinct note of hope in his voice, and Tony grinned, still feeling that simmering curl of arousal low in his stomach.
“No, it's fine.” Tony flapped a hand at him. “Just – go a bit slowly? It's been a while.”
“If you're serious,” Tony said quietly, his voice barely more than a rumble that made the hair on the back of Steve's neck stand on end. “Then touch me.”
“Thank you,” Steve said quietly as she handed him the letter back. He marveled at the sleek design of the elevator on his way up, feeling severely underdressed in light of all the other people he could see hurrying in and out, all of them dressed in bespoke suits. Steve just wanted to go home.
“I think it's cooled off enough. What do you think?” Tony raised an eyebrow, and Steve scowled. “What? You're the expert.”
“So.” Tony cleared his throat. “Hi.”
“Don't worry. I have this all figured out.”
"Are you okay?" Steve asked, now a lot more amused than confused, and Tony glared at him.
Steve put down his spoon with a sigh, rubbing a hand over his eyes. “I don't know. He said I should keep my head down, but he didn't tell me what the problem was.”
“I haven't been off scent blockers in decades. It probably takes a little longer.”
Steve laughed, boxing Bucky in the side with a grin. “You know what? I think I do.”
Tony smirked. “Oooh, sounds official. Have you bought him a ring yet?”
Tony rolled his eyes, but obediently shrugged into the robe he'd left on the side of the room right before the stream started. “We made ten grand in three hours. A thank you would be nice.”
"Weeks," Tony said and Steve bopped him on the nose.
Today he was starting to question that belief.
Steve was still as a statue for a long moment. “You – what?”
“The usual stuff. It doesn’t matter.” Tony shook his head, closing his eyes for a moment before he looked up at Steve. “I’m sorry for being a dick. You didn’t deserve that.”
“I said I'd serenade you,” Tony mumbled, grinning when Steve's chest vibrated with a chuckle.
"Okay?" Steve asked, his brow furrowing. "What's going on, Tony?"
REGIONAL TRIAL COURT
“I love you,” Tony said quickly, grabbing Steve's head to pull him down and mash their lips together, scrambling up onto his knees for a better angle as he kept talking against Steve's mouth. “You fucking idiot. Of course I love you!”
"You could've said that earlier," Steve grumbled, his arms wrapping around Tony from behind while he fiddled with the shower head. Tony snorted.
Steve nodded, trying to relax as Tony started pushing inside, but he could already feel that it was going to hurt –
Tony clenched his hands into fists to hide the way they were probably shaking. “Stark Industries' advances in green energy have saved –“
“This isn't working for you, is it?” Tony asked, and Steve looked away, unable to face the disappointment he knew Tony had to be feeling – “Hey, Steve. Look at me.”
Steve made a small noise and Tony didn't even protest when Steve stopped thrusting to hold him close. He sank into the hug, laying his head on Steve's shoulder as they both breathed each other in, his eyes prickling with tears.
The white-knuckled grip they had on each other didn't loosen even as their kiss gentled into something a little less frantic, lingering caresses that made Tony's heart sing. His breathing hitched every time Steve's lips caught on his and Tony found himself smiling into the kiss until they were simply touching, neither of them pulling away even as they grinned dopily against each other's lips.
“So this is the place?” Steve asked dubiously, looking up at the gigantic skyscraper that couldn't look more bland if it tried. “I expected more... velvet.”
Someone choked on air behind him. He could practically hear the delighted grin in Tony's voice when he said, “Wow, way to give us away, Cap. I could've –“
, Steve could handle. He let Tony guide him down until he was hovering over his cock, grabbing the base firmly before he swallowed it down in one go, just like he had every Saturday in the back alley behind Arby's –
When Steve woke up some time later he was already dressed, down to his socks and boots. Tony was sitting on a rock next to him, holding a pipe and gazing off into the distance. Steve had barely made a noise when Tony's head whipped around to face him, his eyes softening in a way that made Steve's heart lurch in his chest.
Tony took the chance to open his mouth in return, licking at the seam of Steve's lips. He groaned when Steve's tongue met his, following it into the heat of his own mouth where Steve set to exploring every inch that he could. Tony let him take the lead, grabbing Steve's jaw in one hand so he could feel the muscles work as Steve kept kissing him.
Oh god, it felt so
“You've never kissed anyone?” Toni asked, keeping any and all judgment out of her voice, and Steve gave her a self-deprecating smile.
You will find your mission briefing in the document attached. Sudan will be signing the Accords in the following week, after which we will be able to provide you with a wider field of resources. The director of SHIELD has already been made aware of the need for large-scale surveillance in order to catch this criminal.
“Oh yes,” Tony purred. “You're going to stand there like a good boy and I'll make sure you have a good time, alright?”
“I'm not trying to undermine what happened to Mr Barnes. What I know of his history is gruesome and I would not wish it on any man.” T'Challa looked at Tony. “But if you were one of those directly affected by the harm he caused. Wouldn't you want him brought to justice?”
Tony put on a wide grin, standing up from the table and patting Steve's shoulder to prompt him to do the same. “Already have dinner plans, sorry. Maybe next time.”
, went unsaid but Tony could read between the lines. He nodded. “I do understand. And I know that asking you to reconsider is futile, but I do hope you'll change your mind after the hearing. Sergeant Barnes is innocent.”
“I once –“ Steve cleared his throat. “I like to... hit my cock. Sometimes. It feels good.”
“Yeah it's – really nice.”
“All's fair in love and war,” Steve said, and Tony pinched him in the side, leaving his hand there to grab Steve around the waist and hug him close.
“Greedy,” Tony tutted jokingly and Steve gave him a look that made Tony’s toes curl.
.” Tony grabbed Steve's face, pulling gently until Steve looked back up at him, his eyes shining with moisture at the corners. Damn it. “There was no one else. I know we were – you know, but I didn't. I swear. The thought never even crossed my mind.”
Steve moaned weakly, his fingers carding through Tony's hair. “Fuck. You need to come?”
Steve couldn't have stopped grinning if he tried, clutching the phone to his cheek so hard it almost hurt. "I guess we will."
And then Tony kissed him, licking inside Steve's mouth like he had something to prove, and Steve twitched, his hands clenching on Tony's shoulders in surprise, and suddenly there were four fingers inside him and – fuck.
When Tony was satisfied with the minimal space he'd left between the two sheets he moved over to the right and cranked the second vice, evening out the lopsided pressure. Steve had to take several deep breaths to keep calm as the sheets squeezed his cock in between, only protected by the thin layer of silicone that felt soft and slippery and
“We're going alone. Just you, me and Bucky. The rest of the team flies back to the Compound and signs the accords.” Steve opened his mouth to protest but Tony raised a hand. “No, I'm not negotiating this. This is our last chance to avoid Ross' lawsuit and keep everyone out of prison. We have eighteen hours left to bring you in before Ross issues an arrest warrant.” Tony narrowed his eyes at Steve. “You want me to trust you? Then trust me with this.”
“Later. I think I want something else.”
“Amazing,” Tony breathed, a little in awe of what just happened, before he looked down and froze when he noticed the wet patch on his gown, right over his crotch.
are. I'm so proud of you for telling me all of this. That must've been hard.” He paused. “No pun intended.”
“Nope, just used a gauntlet. Groin piece doesn't come off that easily.” Steve made a choked sound, and Tony turned to gave him an amused smile. “You like that thought?”
“Oh, don't get me wrong, I'm excited,” Pepper said, her tone distinctly lacking any kind of excitement. “Let me finish this and I'll give you a hug.”
“Don't worry. Your secret's safe with me.”
But all they did was push him forward, so Tony held Steve tightly in his arms, stumbling in the direction they pointed him until he walked through a door that fell shut the second they were inside. Tony couldn't stop kissing Steve's neck, huffing desperate breaths of Steve's scent that felt almost
Sam evaded Clint's half-hearted punch only to bump into Bucky who steadied him with a grip on his arm. The way Sam jumped away from him was almost comical, one hand clutched to his chest and a severe glare on his face.
“There’s no way they’ll let me back on the team.”
The thing was, despite Steve's impressive speed at adapting to the twenty-first century Tony knew he still held a lot of old-fashioned values. One of which was that alphas were tough and had the primary job of protecting the omegas of the world. Which was all well and good, but sadly seemed to translate to 'alphas aren't allowed to indulge in prissy things like soft sheets or a warm bath'. Add that to Steve's pragmatic nature and him growing up poor during times of rationing, and Steve had basically developed an inherent distrust of any form of luxury or frivolous pleasure.
“Alright. If you need help getting rid of it just ask, okay? I know a guy.”
"Hey, Tony," Steve said, his smile faltering a little when Tony just kept staring at him. "What's going on? Are you -"
“Well, this was fun,” Tony said, and Steve's eyes snapped up to his, full of something that Tony was hesitant to put a name to.
And Captain Rogers?
When he looked up Tony was looking right at him, his face flushed and chest heaving as he grinned like he'd just won the lottery, his eyes bright and twinkling, and – fuck.
Tony swallowed hard. “Because I was bad.”
"One week."
going to feed on him?” Tony asked, barely suppressing the fear in his voice as Steve stiffened at his side. “What, are you going to kill him?”
Tony could feel his jaw clench, brow furrowing as he leaned further towards the microphone –
Steve stopped short, cursing internally at the whine of repulsors only seconds before Tony landed in front of them with a loud crack. Bucky winced.
Steve did, feeling like a complete and utter failure, but Tony gave him a gentle smile, not even a hint of tension in it, and grabbed both of his hands.
Steve laughed, squeezing his thighs as he hoisted him a little higher. "I guess I'll carry you then."
“Later,” Steve rumbled, his voice already hitting that deep timbre that made Tony's insides light up with arousal. “Let's watch the show.”
“You can crush me any day, baby.”
“I'm a genius,” Tony said, hoping that he sounded more confident than he felt. “I'll think of something.”
this, wanted it so badly, but – but –
There was a chant of
"Love you too! Call me again soon! Bye!"
“Almost there,” Bucky said tersely and Steve looked across the open space to see the hangar where – thank god – their jet was already waiting for them. He breathed a sigh of relief, speeding up so they could finally get –
“Can you – yeah,” Tony groaned when Steve squeezed them tighter, wrapping his hand fully around their cocks so he could jerk them off for real, the slick warmth of the filling easing his way. “Fuck, I'm gonna –“
God fucking damn it.
“Yeah,” Steve said, leaning down for another quick kiss before he sat back on his haunches and grabbed the fleshlight. “Is it good for you too?”
and Steve didn't care that he could barely feel the pressure of Tony's mouth on his because it was
“Steve.” The way Tony's lips formed the word made it sound like praise rather than a name, and Steve felt that sinking sensation again, like he was missing something here – “It suits you.”
“Sure I'm sure.” He patted Steve's hands, twisting just enough to press a quick kiss to his cheek. “It's gonna work, I promise.”
“Worse than being hexed into loving me?” Tony asked dubiously, something unreadable in his eyes, and Steve tried to keep his cheeks from heating up. He had a feeling he failed.
Steve froze. “Tony –“
In the interest of allowing as many of the Avengers as possible to continue their work I suspect there will be an element of persuasion necessary. I'd prefer it to come from inside their ranks.
in misery. “Oh no – oh, Tony, I'm so sorry, are you –“
Thaddeus E. Ross
"Yeah," Tony said, surprised at how easily the admission came to him. "Who would've thought, huh?"
“Hey.” Toni touched her hand to his cheek, and he turned into the touch immediately, making Toni's heart thunder with the implications, the potential – but that wasn't for tonight. “It's okay. We don't have to do anything you don't want to, okay? Let's just enjoy the view.”
it, his weight and his strength as his hips kept hitching forward against Tony's ass, pushing him even
“That's different,” Tony said a little defensively. “I don't drink it from the
“What are you –“
“How do you expect to fuck me with that if you can't even stroke my cock with it?” Tony gasped when Steve nipped at his earlobe. “You want to make it good for me, don't you?”
,” Tony hissed, giving up any pretense of a civil conversation. “But unlike those soldiers you claim to care for so much I wasn't sent there by a bunch of warmongering bigwigs who wipe their ass with the very same people they bring up every time they want money or tools for their cause.”
“You're in luck. One of his patients cancelled, so he should have an open slot in about half an hour. He'll fill you in on the whole procedure then.”
It wasn't that Toni gave much of a shit about how old she was, usually. Sure, she'd thought she wouldn't even make it to twenty-five at some point, and yeah, imagining the number 50 attached to her face in the tabloids made her want to punch something. But she was fit and healthy in all the ways that counted, so it wasn't like she was worried about getting old. Much.
"Excellent." Mr. Stark abruptly got out of his chair, gesturing towards the door with a charming grin. "We'll continue this another time then. My assistant will call you about that interview.”
Steve's eyes locked on his, widening for a moment before they softened, crinkling at the corners. “Does tomorrow at six work for you?”
periods of time. Tony hadn't made out this much since he was a teenager.
“Fuck me,” Tony said, and he could see the exact moment that Steve's control snapped. Steve seemed to stop breathing for a long moment, all of his muscles tensing at once, before his hips snapped up into Tony's so hard that he almost knocked him over. Tony didn't even try to meet his thrusts, just held on for dear life as Steve finally let his body take what it needed.
“Alright. Let's get these motherfuckers.”
Steve laughed while Tony tore at his clothes, cursing under his breath as he fumbled with the buttons. “Calm down, Tony, we have all the time in the –
Instead Steve lifted his hips to help Tony slide his pants down to his knees, sitting down heavily when Tony nuzzled his crotch, pressing his mouth against the bulge already in Steve's pants. He couldn't resist a little lick right over the wet spot at the head, and Steve's whole body twitched, his breathing getting even heavier.
“Mr. Rogers, it's a pleasure to meet you,” someone said, but Steve's eyes were locked on the figure in the corner, an exact clone of the doll Steve had at home –
“Never.” Bucky smirked. “You're transparent as shit, Stevie. So why do you look like I pissed in your porridge?”
, his entire body locking up as his cock started throbbing, and Steve swallowed it all, his tongue still pressed along the length of Tony's cock. For a long second Tony forgot how to breathe, but when he finally remembered to suck in a gust of much needed air it emerged in a loud groan that seemed to reverberate through his entire body, making him shiver.
He ushered Bucky off stage as the sounds of camera shutters faded behind the closed doors. Pepper was on them immediately.
“Sorry,” Steve said, trying for an easy smile that probably looked a bit forced. “Habit.”
“Do you –“ He couldn’t even finish his sentence before Tony came suddenly, humping his fist as he unloaded all over the mattress, leaving multiple wet spots on the fabric. Steve licked his lips, slipping the fleshlight off his cock so he could wrap his arms around Tony's waist and drop a line of kisses up his spine. They were both still breathing heavily when Tony turned onto his back and Steve dropped down next to him, staring blankly at the ceiling.
ass when I was fucking that –“
Steve frowned. “Is this about the Accords?”
Tony stopped dead in his tracks.
He didn't know how long they stayed like that, with Steve pressed against Tony's chest as he slowly but surely calmed down, but he knew that he never wanted it to end. Tony had started rubbing circles into the back of his neck with pointed fingers so even Steve could feel it, and it was so soothing that Steve couldn't help but relax into his touch, putting his worries on the back burner for the moment.
“You’re closer.”
Pepper rolled her eyes. “You're fifty-two, not dead.” She looked over at Toni, raising an eyebrow. “And it's not like you're the paragon of maturity.”
, and Tony was going to kiss him and feed him and probably fuck him silly. Not necessarily in that order.
“Fine. Spoilsport.”
His nipples had stopped leaking at some point, but Tony's chest was still sticky with it as he slid his fingers over his skin, a cautious sort of hope building up behind his ribcage.
“Hey there,” he said, and Tony grinned, squeezing his thigh in return.
“So what is it?”
Fuck, Steve couldn't even put into words how amazing that was.
want to, that's okay too. We'll figure it out, okay? I don't need sex if you don't want it.”
handsome, he couldn’t deny it, with a strong profile and what looked like very kissable lips.
Upon further review of the Accords me and my associates have worked out a few suggestions regarding the phrasing of some of the paragraphs, particularly those concerning emergency situations and first response calls (section 2, article 1, §5 and §6). Please find them attached in the document above. With these minor adjustments I am sure we can come to an agreement that will allow all of the Avengers to set aside their grievances and place their trust in the hands of the United Nations panel.
And then he slumped, feeling like he'd just run a marathon as his body just – gave out, dropping him heavily onto the table as he tried to shift his hips off the sphere, the stimulation suddenly way too much –
“I know.”
Tony hummed. “And what's that?”
"You'll see." He could practically hear the smug smile on Tony's face. "Sorry, shnookums, I gotta run. Lots of calls to make, emails to send.
starkindustries.com
“Judge for yourself.”
"Besides, I've seen how he is with you." Bucky smiled. "Never seen him so happy. I'm glad you were there when I wasn't."
T. Ross
It took a long time for them to pull apart and by then Steve was laughing into the kiss, unable to hold it in when he felt like a winner, like he'd finally gotten everything he ever wanted.
“You sure?” Steve gave him an unimpressed look and Tony rolled his eyes. “Okay fine. Restraint it is.”
starkindustries.com
during the kind of encounters Steve was used to, but hearing it from Tony was – it was –
Tony cleared his throat, looking off to the side. “Well. Obie invites a bunch of alpha sons of potential business partners to this – I guess you could call it a restaurant. Privately catered. Everyone mingles and I get a certain amount of time to talk to each of them. If I like them I can request more time.”
“Another?” Tony's grip tightened on his hips, and Steve groaned, pushing back on him, his eyes rolling shut when the tube sucked him back inside. “Fuck, baby, of course. As much as you want.”
And Tony yelped when he came suddenly, explosively, fucking Steve's fist as he rode through it, his eyes squeezed tightly shut. Steve was making soothing noises under his breath, and Tony realized all at once that he was shaking, his breathing so uneven that it seemed to stutter in his chest.
“Just – lie down, will you? We'll watch a movie or something and if you feel like it's about to go down sooner than expected we'll take our next steps. No need to jump the gun.”
“Very nice,” Pepper said, stepping closer to straighten his collar before she patted his shoulders. “Remember, one tap for a regular meet-and-greet, two taps for the blowjob. I'll arrange everything once you've decided.”
“I guess so.” Tony slid into the passenger seat and buckled himself in as Obie started the car, pulling out of the parking lot. “Maybe we'll have more luck at our dinner next Saturday, hm? Think you could give it a chance now?”
“Wait, wait, hold on, you fucked a
Steve’s eyes went soft. “It’s been a long time, hasn’t it?”
"Good idea," Tony said and kept going, grinning when Steve's head thunked down onto his shoulder.
Steve just stared for a long moment before he let out a long breath, an unreadable look on his face. "You built me a suit."
If Tony had a dollar for every backhanded compliment... “All I'm asking is for you to keep an open mind during the trial.”
NEW YORK CITY
pretty good. Not gonna lie.”
It took about two hours before they reached the ten thousand dollar mark, and that last thousand was completely covered by AssMaster69, BabyMilkMilk and Peek-At-Chu. Tony clapped his hands, grinning as Pepper rounded up the last of the tickets, her pen moving furiously over the papers.
"I don't think I have the right scissors for this," Bucky said even as he sat on the bed, letting Tony grab one of his towels and drape it over his shoulders.
“Tony, you're up!”
Steve stretched out on top of him, keeping most of his weight off Tony by planting his elbows on the pillows, but Tony immediately shut that down with a well-placed push that lead to Steve dropping on top of him with an 'oomph', his entire body weight pushing Tony into the nest. Which – yeah. Felt even better than Tony had imagined.
Tony rolled his eyes. “Yes, Pep. You know we do.”
“That's good. Nice job.” Tony's voice was rough, and that, coupled with the praise, made Steve's stomach swoop with a warmth that spread all the way to the tips of his fingers as he gripped the edge of the table to steady himself. Tony walked over to the left vice, wrapping his hand around the crank that stuck out of its side. “Ready?”
Steve felt like he was melting. Like he was going to float away on the almost painful pleasure swirling in his stomach. His cock was throbbing so hard he could feel it in his ears, his balls tingling where they were drawn up tight against his body. He couldn't stop sobbing, his mouth open and chest hitching as he pushed back on Tony's cock because oh, god, despite the need coursing through him it still felt so
“Ah, I – I do work on the internet,” Steve said with a bashful smile in his direction. “I'm an artist. I mostly work on commission.”
Before Steve could protest Tony took several steps away from him, still with that same encouraging grin. “Alright. On the count of three. One, two –“
“Of course it is. That's not what I asked though.” Mr. Stark leaned forward in his seat, and Steve's eyes snapped down to where his shirt had fallen open ever so slightly, revealing a patch of skin that –
“Yes, well.” Tony was already counting the seconds until he could make a polite exit. “We both made it out, didn’t we?”
, his cock spearing him open and rubbing directly against his prostate. He didn't know what kind of sound he made at that, only that it made Steve's cock throb inside him as he set a rough but still steady pace, fucking Tony effortlessly.
“Um, if you don’t mind me asking, Bucky, where did you get that arm?” Tony asked timidly.
Almost completely in sync, Tony and Steve looked towards Agent Barnes, then at each other and back again. The same thought going through both of their heads: “Oh no, he’s hot.”
Before they left, Bucky took a bigger cylinder out of his bag and placed a giant version of the cloth on his metal arm, immediately making it look like a normal flesh and blood arm.
Steve and Tony were back on their floor at the tower getting their bags packed up for the month-long mission.
Bucky had stayed silent for the rest of the evening, still seeming detached from reality as he ate only a small portion of his dinner and then immediately heading to bed.
By the time it was Bucky’s turn to run the course it was damn near downpouring, but again no one, not even Bucky dared to complain. As he reached the end of the course his left arm was starting to freeze up at random intervals. Bucky cursed to himself but completed the course without protest. Just passing it off as sore muscles to the few people who actually noticed and asked.
Both Steve and Tony stood there for a second, looking at Bucky with faces of loving concern. They looked towards each other and shared a silent nod.
Tony gave a small stifled laugh because this one looked like a pile of twigs compared to the one he had built at the compound. But I guess you can’t expect too much for a Hydra fan club in the middle of nowhere.
“Agreed.”
Only pausing his search for just a second, he matter of factly stated, “Coffee.”
As soon as all of the soldiers in the base were corralled into the main hall, an eerie silence lingered in the air until you could hear the distinct sound and following echo of the commander’s boots walking up to the podium.
Steve was already getting up from the bed when one of the things that came out of Bucky’s mouth stopped him in his tracks.
Steve didn’t know exactly what Bucky had said, but with the fact he said their names, it was a cry for help. He immediately kneeled on the ground next to Bucky’s bed, gently shaking his shoulder, “It’s okay dear, we’re both here and you are safe with us. We love you, come back to us.”
“Oh uh… Tesoro, it’s Italian for Treasure, I guess it just slipped out, sorry.” Tony mumbled back.
As soon as they were out of the sight of anyone, Steve lightly squeezed Tony’s hand and whispered, “You okay hun?” A mild concern built into his serious face.
Both Tony and Steve were taking turns with Bucky with preparing the meals, and whenever Tony was the one cooking, Steve sat at the table with Bucky showing off the different drawings and doodles he had made of the three of them, showcasing all of the moments they shared during this month, of all the moments of joy in this little life they had gotten used to.
“Thanks,” Tony said with a small smile as the group headed into the meeting room.
Tony missed seeing the fact that just for a second, Bucky’s professional demeanor had melted into something with so much care built into it. Opening his eyes just a second too late after a giant yawn.
Tony’s head was racing, trying to figure out what step he missed that somehow set off the alarms. His hands shook as he went over every step in his head over and over again, trying to find the spot where everything fell apart.
Steve sighed as he sat up on his heels, both of them grimacing when he slipped out of Tony in the process. He didn't really know how to put his feelings into words, but he would certainly try. Tony deserved that much.
blue eyes that were not shying away from his gaze at all. He looked... soft. A bit frail, maybe.
Tony had the feeling that Steve had been going to say something else, but he let it slide. “Well, the pizza
Steve averted his eyes, a dark look crossing his face. “I don't trust Ross not to mess with the verdict somehow. And if he does something during the trial I can't be under his command. Not yet.”
,” Steve protested weakly and Tony shushed him, pressing a kiss to his cheek.
Tony couldn't help but grin, nudging Steve's hand on the table. “But?”
Tony took a deep breath. “I said it's bad because –“
"Now I
“Oh yeah. I can see how you've matured.”
“Really?”
“I'm sorry. It's not really something you needed to know. I just do that to get off, like using a sex toy or – whatever.” Tony shook his head, swallowing around the lump in his throat. “It's not – I mean, I don't –“
idea, but then one of the vampires moved forward and Tony reacted on instinct, turning his head to sink his teeth into Steve's neck.
Tony was pretty sure that he wasn’t supposed to know this. If anything Steve went out of his way not to show it in front of anyone, and Tony probably wouldn’t have noticed it either if he and Steve weren’t… well. Fucking.
Tony looked up to see none other than prince T'Challa sitting down next to him, clad in some sort of traditional suit. To his left were two African women who looked as beautiful as they looked deadly, their hands clasped around what Tony could only assume was some kind of disguised weapon. Tony had to fight not to react when another two sat down on his right, next to Happy and Pepper. Well, that wasn't threatening at all.
"Do it again. Please." Even he could hear the desperation in his voice, and Steve clearly picked up on it because he stared at Tony for a long moment before he grabbed his cock and guided it back towards his mouth. Instead of swallowing it down he tapped it against his chin, letting the glans catch on the hair framing his upper lip. Tony's vision whited out for a second.
Sometimes she caught herself staring at the date on her calendar with the kind of hatred that she usually reserved for the bastards who thought that being a woman made her an easy target, even in the armor. The thing was, with those assholes at least she had something physical to take her frustration out on. Unlike her aging body.
“Well then. I guess that's tha–“
“I call that fantasy fodder, is what I call that,” Tony said, not entirely joking as he poured the milk into a tall glass before putting the carton away again. “Speaking of fantasies, do you know when you're coming home yet?”
*blows dust off this fic* Wow, hey, remember this?
Steve turned to face it on a whim, still stroking his cock in a tight fist. The doll really
“Eh.” Tony shrugged with a wry smile. “A couple that commits crime together stays together, right?”
Steve pinched him and Tony laughed, throwing an arm around Steve’s shoulders. “Come on. If you like this suit you’re gonna
Is this entire fic just an excuse for me to look up Dodger pics at this point? Possibly. I hope you enjoy this one <3
“I think that can be arranged. Later.”
“I'm not sure,” Tony said. “Why don't you tell me why you still haven't put your clothes back on?”
“Dress is too tight. Can't risk any lines.”
is sitting right here.”
“Do me next!” Clint shouted, speed-walking over to Sam so he could grab him by the shoulders. “My mom's a hoe, I have awful b.o, come on, Wilson,
“I've got you,” Tony panted, gripping Steve's thighs with both hands, probably hard enough to bruise.
“Clint says you owe him damages for how often he's had to see your ass.”
someone, being in
“Sure.”
Steve snorted a laugh, laying his head on Tony's shoulder as he finally accepted that he might be able to keep this, as impossible as it seemed. Still, he had to ask. “Are you sure about this? You know this means we can never have normal sex, right?”
"Not as long as I'm here," Tony promised fiercely. "I swear on my life, no one can touch you while you're under my protection. And if you think the rest of the Avengers would let them get within ten feet of you you've got another thing coming. Especially Steve."
“Alright, I have a plan,” Tony said as soon as they entered the workshop, still dragging Steve along by the hand until they reached Tony's desk, where Tony immediately started typing out equations on a holo screen. Steve watched him, a smile quirking the corners of his mouth as it always did when he saw Tony in his element.
And Steve moaned, his body jolting as she tugged on his roots, eyes snapping open in honest surprise. He glanced up at her, his mouth still on her pussy, and Toni could feel a smirk spreading on her lips.
“Still okay?” Tony asked and Steve nodded frantically, grabbing Tony's shoulders to pull him forward further.
"I want your mouth on my cock."
“Okay,” Tony said, pushing down the frisson of panic in his gut as he frantically searched for the vibranium cuffs, grabbing them from the bedside table and kneeling next to where Steve was curled up on the bed. “You need to lie on your back, Steve. Spread your arms out, come on.”
"Shut up," Steve said wetly, sniffling against Tony's shoulder. "Oh my god."
Steve sucked in a breath and when he spoke his voice was rough. “It's like that, is it.”
To Steve’s credit, he immediately took responsibility when he was told about his social faux pas and started wearing scent blockers like everyone else. Tony didn’t know if he was relieved or disappointed.
Mr. Stark smirked, like he knew exactly what Steve had been thinking, but didn't call him out on it. "I asked if you'd be willing to give us an additional interview later on. Your use case is unusual, but I think it has potential. I'm going to need all the personal accounts I can get from your focus group. Maybe you could suggest some people in similar situations who might be interested to join another round of testing."
Steve took her on a date.
Tony swallowed hard. “Love you too.” He put their foreheads together, closing his eyes as he soaked up the feeling of Steve's body against his. “I missed you so much.”
“Oh, yeah, of course, sorry.” Steve dragged Tony up into a sitting position, watching with no little concern as Tony poked at his stomach, a thoughtful frown on his face. “We'll have Bruce check you over. Right now.”
“What?” he asked, but Steve didn't answer, just reached down between his legs and –
“Steve, what – whoa!”
It was nothing like normal sex felt like. Steve was hollowed out, his stomach achingly empty every time Tony's cock left him, only to be full to bursting when he fucked back in. It felt like he was shaking apart with every thrust, like he was in shambles and Tony was putting him back together, like up was down and down was up, and Steve could barely hang on to what little composure he had as Tony fucked him into oblivion.
inside him already, like – like –
“Fuck, of course, come on –“ Tony pushed himself up onto his knees, wrapping an arm around Steve's neck for balance as he reached behind himself to finger himself open – only to gasp when Steve suddenly shoved two fingers inside, barely meeting any resistance. “Holy shit –“
They'd barely made it through the door before Steve took her in her arms and kissed her as if he was starving for it, his hands shaking when he pushed them up underneath the slit of her dress, landing on the bare skin of her hipbone.
, but pushed to the back of his mind, he realized what a huge breach of
“I can't have sex the normal way. My body – since the serum... nothing feels right.”
“Yeah, I can tell. Just think about ho–
Tony looked down at their empty pizza boxes and nodded. No reason in stalling any longer. “Ready when you are, Steve.”
Steve immediately changed course, taking a couple of steps back and letting out a breath of relief when the plant loosened its grip. “Fuck. Are you okay?”
Tony wrinkled his nose. “Shit. You're right, I didn't think of that.” He thought about it for a moment before he shrugged. “Ah, well. It's still good publicity.”
He heard a soft inhale before there was a gentle pressure at his temple, and Steve's voice made his lips twitch into a smile.
right to Tony's face and Tony –
Steve bit down on his fist as he suddenly came, watching his come pool in Tony's invisible mouth for a second before he swallowed and it disappeared in mid-air. He grabbed the back of Tony's head, twisting his fingers in the strands to guide him back and forth as he rode out the last of his orgasm, his thighs trembling so much they were barely holding him up.
“Yeah?” Steve fumbled his pants open, pulling his cock out through the flap and just holding it for now. “How does it feel?”
Tony glared at him. “I'll pretend I didn't hear that.”
Steve nodded, twisting his hand on the upstroke in a way that made Tony's toes curl. Fuck, if Steve kept that up he could probably come in a matter of minutes –
Then again, how were you supposed to react when you found your boyfriend dangling upside down from a plant in the middle of his workshop?
After that there was only the mission. And smashing Doombots with his shield was as good a reason as any to make himself ignore how much he was dreading that conversation. And possibly having to lie to Tony.
Tony. It was probably way too early for that – then again, they had known each other for years and these feelings weren't exactly new – but Steve couldn't deny that it was true. He wanted to share Tony's life completely, know him better than he knew himself, he wanted – he wanted –
, Steve –“
“Shut up, Stark. You're distracting me.”
A part of Steve couldn't believed he'd just asked that, but Tony's shoulders shook with laughter as he lowered his head.
“Holy fuck,” Steve gasped and Tony laughed breathlessly, the movement making his ass flex around the tube and oh god, why was that so hot –
Steve took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a second. By the time he opened them again Tony had lost his shirt and was halfway through struggling out of his pants.
“Hang in there.”
“That's your fault. After what you did this morning.”
“Might be if you want to get off too.”
“Comfortable?” Steve asked once Tony was settled. “Do you need a pillow?”
Steve could feel his heart thumping in his chest, his hands suddenly sweaty. "I –" He cleared his throat. "I wouldn't do that over the phone."
Tony almost lost his balance when Steve suddenly thrust up, shoving his cock inside Tony with such force that it made stars dance in front of his eyes. Before Tony could recover Steve did it again, his cock reaching so deep that he couldn't have missed Tony's prostate if he tried, drawing a surprised moan out of him.
“Okay.” His voice sounded choked and Steve must've heard it because he lifted Tony's hand and kissed his fingers one by one. Tony could feel tears well up in his eyes. “Fuck. This sucks.”
“Tony.” He couldn't look up at Steve, shame still curdling like something sour in his gut, but Steve wouldn't judge him, he knew that. It was just –
Why....why..why was the room spinning....
Which meant he had two options. Either depend on AI him...or wing it. And with every approaching second winging it sounded better, AI him had a bit of an emotional break down earlier and quite honestly Tony could feel it bleed into his own emotions.
"Of course, Ms. Romanoff."
"What?" Steve asked taking another step forward.
And it was
Yup, definitely now cough it up.
He pulled up the video with the same date, and watched as his vision flickered back into the old camera view it had before. It stuttered and suddenly he was looking at Obadiah Stane's ugly mug.
The first thing Tony became aware of was the emptiness. Then the cold.
It was like the world had tilted on him, and his center gravity was slightly to the left now making him struggle so hard to be...normal..."
Strange.
It was dark, dark and....
With a buzz Sam was back, his hand outstretched for...right Bruce.
The first time Tony came to-started to feel connected back to all his cameras like gaining all his limbs back- he could see Pepper. She looked just like she did when he came back from Afghanistan. It wasn't a face Tony was happy to see, despite the fact he loved seeing Pepper, her face represented that things were going to get alright. She always made things better. Even the other him, the AI him, or cyborg him did too.
Steve needed to leave. He needed to get out. It was then that a small red alarm flickered on for a second, then faltered and shuttered out of existence. The alarm that magic was being preformed inside the Tower.
Pepper was good in every universe Tony was sure of that.
The difference didn’t matter because Bucky’s mind immediately kicked into overdrive. He was no longer in the hall. First, he was in a damp and dark cell, the smell of mildew taking over everything. In an instant, the scene changed and now he was tied down on an ice-cold metal slab, shivering, but then warm blood sprayed all over him. Then things changed yet again and his eyes were blinded by old fluorescent lights and a chemical smell made him nearly gag. Over and over these scenes played in his head, he was back there.
“Hydra fanatics. That’s a terrifying notion.” Steve said.
“Of course we do, we love you so much.” The two men said almost in unison.
“I have heard reports of more than enough PDA occurring while out on assignment, but that is not what I brought you two in to discuss.” Fury said with a cautious stare. “As you both may know, Romanoff and Barton were sent out by themselves for a mission this week, it was a situation where a group of 4 would raise suspicions.”
Steve was the one to speak up first, “I think for now you are our boyfriend, we don’t want to rush you, but when you would be ready I’m pretty sure that Shield can pull some strings so we can all be married.”
“It um… the ceremony just reminded me of another time I had to see one of those during a mission at a different cell a few years back. Those are just a bit uncomfortable to watch. Thank you for helping me out of there, but I’m fine now.” Bucky stammered as he climbed out of the car and went inside without another word.
The pair followed Bucky as he unscrewed the top of the cylinder and pulled out what looked like a transparent cloth with blue light pulsing throughout it.
“This thing is see-through, that doesn’t exactly scream stealthy disguise to me,” Tony said, holding his cloth up to his face and intensely staring at it, trying to figure out what it is.
The three men continued talking while carrying their bags to the bedroom and beginning to try to make a home out of this place.
“My name is Agent James Barnes, but everyone just calls me Bucky. And you two are?”
“Ah, safehouse, shitty safehouse. How I have not missed you.” Tony said as they entered, plopping his bag down on the ground.
“Did… did you really mean that?” Bucky spoke quietly, trying to keep himself from sobbing.
The room exploded in grumbles and disapprovals, but before much opposition could be had the supervisor yelled into his microphone, “SILENCE!”
Tony gave a small whimper, but before Bucky could answer Steve walked in and gave his husband a hug from behind.
Both Tony and Steve turned to look at him, mildly shocked looks on their faces.
“There’s definitely more to that story, I could hear it in his voice, and I don’t want to force him to talk if he isn’t ready, but I have a feeling this is going to come back again tonight. I’m intimately familiar with the after-effects of a flashback.”
Steve looked the guard in the eyes and said, “Evan Stills.”
From another set of shadows in the back corner of the office, a figure seemed to almost magically appear. As he entered the light of the room his short yet fluffy dark brown hair and his kind yet serious face presented itself. The most noticeable thing about him though was a black and gold metal left arm. He was tall and fit and walked in a way that showed his professional demeanor.
“How long is this long-term mission?” Steve asked.
Tony and Steve tightened their hug around the shaking man and continued to whisper assurances that he was safe and that he wasn’t alone anymore. Steve grabbed Bucky’s flesh arm and placed it on his chest, instructing him to follow his breaths. After what felt like forever, Bucky’s breaths evened out, still skipping occasionally but indicating he was coming down from the attack. Helping him stand up slowly as he was still shaking, the couple led him over to their bed so he wouldn’t have to try to go back to sleep on sweaty, tangled sheets and to surround him in comfort.
Tony worked on breakfast with Bucky as they tried to use up the rest of the perishable groceries so they would leave rotten food for the next agents who used the safehouse. They were laughing and smiling as they made a game out of it, Steve sitting at the plastic table behind them drawing this memory to be saved forever in his sketchbook.
But the trap part was they wouldn’t be locked out of the system, there wasn’t even an alarm that would sound. The “traitor” would just continue working as normal until two armed guards would come and force them to the holding cell until their punishment was decided by the commanders.
“I’ll take one in the morning,” Steve said, “It’s all yours Bucky.”
They were in the middle of getting the program uploaded to the server when all suddenly the security system inside the network was set off and everyone in the building was locked out. A loud piercing alarm began to ring throughout the facility. Tony immediately pulled out the drive that had been uploading the bug and he shoved it deep in his pocket.
There was a moment of silence before Tony cleared his throat and words came back to him, “I’m Tony Stark-Rogers and this is my husband Steve Rogers-Stark. It’s nice to meet you Bucky.”
“He’s hot, That is what he is, Steve. He’s fucking hot.” Tony said with an exasperated voice.
“Agreed and ti vogliamo bene, Bucky. We love you so much.”
This was the most important part because they would have to avoid their coworkers, supervisors, and even parts of the system itself to make sure the bug would be uploaded without anything being triggered that could blow their cover in an instant.
“Are we in trouble?” Tony asked in a voice laced with curiosity and concern.
The couple stared at each other and then back to Fury, Steve finally breaking the silence, “Not that we know of sir.”
Tonight Steve took the spot on their bed that was closer to Bucky so he would be able to get up and over to their boyfriend quickly and without having to climb over Tony.
“Agreed,” Tony added.
Tony did okay with the course, having run the Avengers one a few times here and there definitely helped with being able to complete it without embarrassing himself.
Bucky was first in line, he stood up straight and proclaimed, “Jared Pines.”
“Sir, they get sent out on their own all the time, I’m not following why this concerns us.” Steve butted it.
“I’m not quite sure,” Bucky responded.
They took a seat in the room and waited for the meeting to start.
The group then had to walk back to base in the pouring rain, because apparently, “suffering is part of being a true soldier” or some shit like that.
The guard just simply nodded and moved to stand in front of Steve, again he just stated “Name.”
Steve had to balance using enough of his super strength to do good on the course, but not enough that it would raise any suspicions as to why he could finish with such ease. Luckily his strength did come in handy because as he was doing his run through the course it began to lightly rain.
“I know. Get some breakfast in you, it’s not the same as coffee but it should wake you up at least a little.”
Both timid towards putting things into words this early on, they continued packing, both silently wondering if this could be the beginning of much more than just a mission.
Steve and Tony shared a sad and concerned expression for their new love.
Bucky didn’t remember much after that because he passed out from blood loss, but when he woke up he was sitting in the base’s small medical area with a metal arm in the place where he had his flesh one that morning.
“Don’t feel pressured to tell us, but just know that we are here for you,” Steve added in.
That caused a smile to creep into Bucky’s face for the first time since that morning.
It wasn’t until they were outside the city limits again that Bucky let out a small gasp that would have been barely noticeable to most people. Steve heard it immediately and turned towards their shaken boyfriend that was sitting next to him.
“Ah, that’s why you always seem to have a sketch pad out all night, I think he’ll love it, dear.” Tony grinned at his husband as he stood up to start work on Bucky’s arm.
“Okay,” Tony said, and then as soon as he turned around, Bucky was standing there with a bowl of the leftover stew. “Thank you” he added with an adorable, still sleepy smile on his face.
The whole facility cried “Hail Hydra” back so loudly that the echo ran throughout the tunnels for a few seconds.
But today was not the day to be distracted by the feelings of an unsure future, because today was the day the spyware needed to be uploaded to the Hydra cell’s system so SHIELD could continue to access the files long after these three were back home.
They moved back over to their bed and after a few minutes of silent contemplation, Steve spoke up, “I didn’t mean to freak him out, I was just trying to say how you have some cute nicknames for those you love and he was going to get to learn some more.”
When they came into work one morning they were told to join a few other workers in the meeting room.
This also captured Steve’s attention, his expression immediately melting into one of concern and care.
“Just watch,” Bucky said with a cheeky smile on his face. He brought the cloth up to his face, and as soon as he pressed it on, it immediately fit itself to his face. He pressed the side of it near his ear once, and then as he lifted his head, there was a completely different face staring at Steve and Tony.
“That means you must have picked up on it as well, I was afraid I was being a bit too subtle.” Tony chuckled.
“Well, I absolutely love it.” Steve told the blushing man.
“I bet you are all curious as to why I’ve called you in here this morning. Especially considering you are just our beginning computer workers. Well, we want you to become more than just our little computer minions, to be an effective soldier of Hydra, one must have multiple skills they can give in service of the greater good. So today you are all being sent out on the basic training course.”
“You’re the best, thank you,” Tony said turning around and burying himself into Steve’s chest as he hugged him back.
The trio was immediately stopped at the base of the hidden staircase. A guard in uniform with a gun sling on his back stood in front of them, “Names.” he said in his gruff and intimidating voice.
“Now it’s just up to him if he wants to join our crazy plan,” Steve said.
He stood tall above the crowd with an emotionless expression on his face. “Hail Hydra!” He yelled.
They had all been assigned low and menial jobs as they were just rookies, but it was a perfect placement, they would take turns downloading a few files here and there, always cycling through their log-ins to avoid suspicion.
“Are you back with us hon?” Steve said with a soft, comforting voice that only came out when bringing Tony out of his episodes.
He heard one last thing through the paper-thin walls of the bathroom before turning the shower on.
“Mean what?” Steve asked, wanting to make sure they were on the same page.
The three men woke up around 5 am. Bucky was the first one awake, up exactly at 5 am. He then decided to go and try to make some sort of breakfast with what they had.
Eventually, one of the supervisors showed up and walked to the podium sitting in front of the meeting table. He tapped the microphone and at first, there was some minor feedback, but as he began to speak it went away.
But before he could think much longer, the alarm from the security system went quiet, a tense and uncomfortable silence filling the entire base in its absence. Then a loud robotic voice came over the intercom: “A traitor has been located, everyone must report to the main hall for the traitor’s punishment delivery. Hail Hydra.”
Silence fell over the crowd as the commander began to talk again, “This man joined our ranks as the scientist, Mark Lewis. But it was recently found out that a majority of the research done here has been copied to outside servers or even disappeared completely under Mark’s login. And today we found out that this man is not Mark Lewis, he is actually Tyler Jones one of the head scientists of the AIM base in Wyoming, and he has been funneling our research for the glorious advancement of Hydra right into the hands of the enemy. This extreme level of betrayal calls for an extreme punishment to change this traitor’s loyalty and put him on the path towards redemption.”
Bucky recounted the story of how during his 2nd undercover mission he was sent to a Hydra cell in the mountains of Utah. Since he was still getting used to the unique challenges of undercover work, as he was getting some files copied he accidentally clicked on a file that was a trap built into the system. This cell had dealt with spies before so they planted a few fake files into the system that if someone attempted to download them it would immediately notify the commanders.
Bucky’s eyes widened and his body froze in place. Standing up quickly Bucky stuttered out “I’m just going to go take a shower now,” and nearly ran into the bathroom.
The sudden nickname caused Bucky to look up towards Tony, tears on the rims of his eyes.
Bucky trapped inside of his memories, eyes glazed over, and breathing becoming slightly erratic. But somehow even though his brain was in hell, his body stayed at attention, like it knew that if it gave in and broke down that the hell in his head would become reality yet again.
“That’s fine with me,” Steve said.
At this point, Tony was sitting up in bed and crawling over to join Steve in assuring their boyfriend that he was safe and not wherever his brain was trying to trick him into thinking.
This was going to be an interesting month.
“How long have you been doing undercover work?” Steve asked.
“Lasă-Mă în pace! asta doare, Te rog opreștete!” (Leave me alone! It hurts, please stop!) Bucky kept repeating with a pained and fearful expression twisting onto his face.
“Mornin’, Bucky.” He finally mumbled. He then immediately turned to the cupboard looking like he was on the hunt for something.
“Oh! Yeah it’s Romanian, I don’t use it very often but it means ‘I love you so much.’”
The commander continued, “A traitor has been found hiding within our ranks. Someone who has abused the trust entrusted to them by Hydra, both at this base and as a whole. They abused this trust by stealing documents for purposes other than the advancement of Hydra, in fact, the documents were stolen to be handed off to the enemy.”
“This is honestly a major upgrade compared to some of the ones I’ve been sent to. Try being in a shack the size of this kitchen with just a bedroll to sleep on and a cupboard of canned food.” Bucky said matter of factly.
“With these,” Bucky said, pulling out three small cylinders from a pocket in his bag. He handed one to each of the confused men. “Open it up.”
In almost perfect unison they said, “I want to date Bucky!” They then looked up at each other with the biggest smiles.
Agent Barnes walked up to the speechless pair and shook both of their hands. Smiling in such a beautifully kind way, the kind of way that could seem like it could melt the coldest of hearts.
“So how exactly are we going to disguise our ‘pretty recognizable faces’, as you described them last night,” Tony said.
“Steve… Tony… Ajutaţi-Mă, Vă rog.” (Help me, please) At this point, there was a constant stream of tears coming from Bucky’s eyes.
“What did you say?” Bucky asked softly.
They got back to the safe house for the night and the damn thing still wouldn’t move, and that was the last straw for Bucky. He took off the arm and slammed it down on his bed, yelling “Acest braț stupid se rupe mereu!” (this stupid arm always breaks!) and then he hung his head pressing it into his one remaining hand.
The door slammed shut and even though they had no idea what just happened, the sudden change in Bucky’s actions broke their hearts. What did they do wrong?
As soon as he found a comfortable position the other two men scooted closer and enveloped him in a protective cocoon of a hug.
They both walked towards Bucky’s bed, Steve sitting on his right side, and Tony picking up the arm and sitting on his left. They just sat there, not wanting to invade his space, but at least try to help comfort him.
“It’s not as bad as it sounds, but maybe I’ve just gotten used to it, you can decide for yourselves starting tomorrow. For now, we should probably find something to eat and get some rest, we’ll have to get up early to get into disguises, you two have some pretty recognizable faces.” Bucky chuckled towards the end.
“Where did you get such fancy tech? I've never seen it in SHIELD before, and I sure as hell didn’t make it. Was it Hammer, oh god I hope not you can’t trust anything that man makes.” Tony continued rambling on to himself.
“That sounds like a good plan.” Bucky said, “Te iubesc atat de mult.”
“I agree.” Steve said with a small nod, “I also quite like him, at least from the little we’ve seen so far.”
The other two soon joined Steve at the table presenting the mismatched spread they made, all of the men sitting and eating with big smiles on their faces in between bites. Bucky eventually did speak up with the question that was on his mind, “So if you don’t mind me asking, since you two are already married, what does that make us?”
“If either of you two need the shower it’s open. The water pressure sucks but there should hopefully be some hot water left.” Tony said, sitting on one of the beds that creaked as he sat down.
“Dragă?” (Dear?) Bucky eventually whispered through the tears.
“What do they have you do on such long missions?” Tony asked out of curiosity.
That broke the dam for Bucky, his sobs starting silently but quickly becoming louder and messier. Before he knew it though, he was wrapped in a full-body hug, and he knew he was safe and he was loved.
“I apologize, Sir,” Steve said with a nervous tone in his voice that only Tony could pick up on. Steve knew he could because his hand was squeezed a few times.
“Only if you are comfortable.” The two men said together.
“No, no, I liked it, Tony, thank you.” A small smile curled on his lips.
That broke the remaining wall that Bucky had and he collapsed into the supportive arms of his boyfriends and let himself just sob because the pain was still trying to consume him but he knew he was safe when he was with them.
“Thanks,” Bucky said, smiling back. He then rolled up his sleeve, opened a small panel towards the area where it joins what remains of his flesh arm. Pressing a few small buttons in sequence, there was a small click and Bucky was able to pull it right off. He carefully set it on his bed, he then grabbed a metal piece from his bag that he clicked into the now open slot.
It took about 15 minutes before Bucky was able to slow down the tears and look up into the loving faces that were protecting him, “I guess I owe you both an explanation.”
“I guess that’s settled then.” They shared a light kiss on the lips.
“I heard you two talking… um, through the wall. I wasn’t trying to eavesdrop on your conversation. It's just that the wall is really thin.” Bucky chuckled, a few more tears spilling over, “And I don’t want to intrude on your relationship but… I heard you say you wanted to date me?”
It was about halfway through this quickly established routine that things got shaky.
“I… um, I think so,” Bucky said with an audible gulp.
“Thank you,” Bucky said as he stood up. “Do you mind if I take off my arm out here?”
So Bucky had been taking to the holding cell, and during this entire time he wasn’t sure what he had done wrong, no one would tell him, but he knew he was in major trouble. After what felt both like a few minutes and weeks spent in the holding cell, two new guards came to escort him out and onto the platform in the main hall.
After showing the pair how to use the disguise cloths, Bucky handed them some wigs that were paired to the cloth and made it look like real hair.
3 weeks into the mission
Tony stepped out of the small bathroom in his pajama pants and a t-shirt, his hair damp, and a towel around his neck catching the stray water droplets.
And just as Steve had predicted, at about 1 am, Bucky began to twitch and mumble in his sleep, but that very quickly turned to tossing and turning and desperate whispers.
Bucky opened the bathroom door and walked silently back towards the couple.
“I get myself embedded into the cell, usually posing as a new recruit or tech worker. Then over time, I make copies of files, just a few at a time so nobody gets suspicious. During this time I also start to plant spyware into their systems. These remote cells aren’t part of the main networks, think of them as fanatics who try to come up with things that will impress the main branches in hopes of being noticed and promoted.”
The basic training course was pretty much a run of the mill course that could be found on an army base, except this one was painted black and red with Hydra symbols on anything and everything in the course.
Tony whispered, “Tesoro, it’s okay.”
After about 10 minutes of repeating assurances and loving nicknames, that all felt hours long, Bucky finally gasped and bolted upright in bed with a scream that was choked off by the tears rushing from his eyes. Immediately Tony and Steve began to try to comfort him by placing their hands on his shoulders and eventually wrapping him in a giant hug.
The two men stood up and walked up to Bucky who seemed to be frozen in place. As he opened his mouth to speak, the tears that had been resting on the rims of his eyes spilled over and followed the tracks down.
The man just gave a small sigh and a smile, he then turned off the light and climbed into his massively empty bed for the night.
“I think I’ll start by fixing up his arm, I’ve got a set of precision tools in my bag, rain shouldn’t cause that thing to break so easily. Though this will just be a temporary fix, as soon as we get home I’m making him a brand new arm with the best technology around.”
“That sounds like a great plan hon.” Steve smiled. “I might show him some of the drawings I’ve made since we’ve been here. He’s a very good subject.”
He managed to sneak out of the facility because there was little to no security in the medical area and as soon as he made it to the safe house he called Shield and was extracted from the mission immediately. He was forced to take a few months off, both for getting used to working with the new arm and to deal with the traumatic loss.
The change from the light and life of the busy hallways of SHIELD Command to the ominous darkness that overtook Fury’s office was a drastic and quick one.
“I’ll be ready to get up when that happens. We’re going to make sure he knows he isn’t alone anymore.” A caring smile coming back across Steve’s face.
“I don’t know about you, honey, but I find that Agent Barnes to be very appealing.” Steve broke the silence.
It was there he was given almost the same monologue on how his punishment was going to set him onto the path of “redemption” in the eyes of Hydra. He then was forced to watch as his arm was efficiently, in a morbid sense of the work, cut off by the commander of the Cell.
“If you are all done staring at each other, I would like to get to the details of the mission.” Fury said with an annoyed tone to his voice.
The ceremony was attended by the rest of the Avengers and a few people from Shield. It included Steve and Tony renewing their own vows and then each of them exchanging new ones with Bucky. Of course, all three of them said “I do,” and kissed with their now two husbands as the small crowd cheered for them.
“This is required to become a true soldier of Hydra, to refuse training is to be a traitor to everything we stand for. Train today and be closer to being the soldier you were born to be, refuse training, and face the punishment of being a traitor to the Hydra name.”
Needless to say, the guys were terrified. They quietly filed into the line that was leaving their sector and heading towards the main hall, having quickly squeezed each other’s hands in reassurance, each of them trying to stay strong for the other two.
The plan was going great… until everything fell apart in an instant.
While he was starting to warm up some of the leftover soup, Bucky heard some small footsteps and turned to see Tony standing there, short hair somehow sticking up in every direction possible and rubbing his tired eyes.
“Oh, um sorry, I didn’t mean to ramble on like that. That’ll work just fine.” Tony said, a timid look spreading across his face.
The part that made them speechless though was when Bucky talked. The voice of an entirely different person came out as he spoke. He then pressed the button by his ear twice and his face went back to normal as he pulled the cloth off of his face.
Steve and Tony looked at each other and gave a silent nod and then turned back towards Bucky.
When they arrived back in the bedroom to start getting ready they were all just a little more awake, just as Steve had said.
Tony cleared his throat and looked up towards the guard, “Derek, um, Derek Jones sir.”
By the time Bucky was finished telling the story he had a renewed stream of tears coming from his eyes and his breath began to pick up speed, hurdling him towards a post-nightmare panic attack.
“Yeah, it’s just been a while since I’ve done this and I just froze for a second. But I’m fine.” Tony said, trying to reassure his husband that his anxiety wasn’t going to cause a problem.
The guard's face had the most minor shift in expression, something so subtle that Bucky barely noticed it, and he hoped that it wasn’t a shift of suspicion. But then he said, “Welcome rookies, go to the main meeting room and you will get your ID cards there. Hail Hydra.”
They heard the distinct sound of the Quinjet landing in the field next to the house signaling it was time to go home. They all stood up and exchanged kisses and went to grab their things.
“I hope I didn’t overstep the line Steve, the tech was just interesting to me, I didn’t mean to make Bucky uncomfortable,” Tony said with a sad tinge to his voice.
Tony whispered into Bucky’s ear, “ti vogliamo bene.” And Steve repeated him in English, “We love you.” And shortly after that, all three men fell asleep, enveloped in safety and love.
Even after they had gotten out of the rain, the movement in Bucky’s arm still hadn’t improved, but he still kept it to himself, tuning out the concerned expression that Steve and Tony shared.
“Only if you’re comfortable,” Tony added in with a small smile.
Steve grabbed his husband’s hand and gave it a light squeeze, reigning in the genius’s thoughts.
“Yes Tesoro, va bene, sei al sicuro.” (it’s okay, you’re safe) Tony said in a soft voice as he planted a light kiss on Bucky’s forehead.
“Out of curiosity, what does that mean? I’ve somewhat learned some of Tony’s Italian nicknames and such but I’ve never heard that language before.”
The pair’s jaws actually did visibly drop, and the word they could manage was just, “Woah.”
“You did just fine, they didn’t suspect a thing,” Bucky reassured him.
The three were slowly starting to get closer and the plan was beginning to take shape. Bucky was beyond grateful for the repairs Tony made to his arm, he got it waterproofed to the point where he didn’t even have to take it off for showers, which provided a sense of ease that Bucky hadn’t had since he lost his arm all those years ago.
The Quinjet landed silently outside a small safe house in what seemed like the middle of nowhere. It’s a small unassuming building on the outskirts of a tiny town, everything seemed so calm, it was hard to believe there was a Hydra base anywhere near here.
If you had told Bucky at the beginning of that month the end of the mission he was going to have finally discovered the loves of his life, he would have never believed it. After all, he never expected more out of life than work because he thought there was no one out there for him. And if you had told Steve and Tony that their hearts would grow to both love the same man so deeply that it would be now impossible to imagine life without him, they would have said that wasn’t ever going to be a possibility.
“What happened, Tesoro?” Tony said as he finally pulled the car up to the safehouse.
“I wonder what’s going on.” Whispered Tony.
Silence filled the room as the supervisor looked around, and seeing no response, he replied.
And just as it did last night, a pang of emotions hit Bucky like a pile of bricks but then disappeared as soon as it came. Though this time it wasn’t jealousy that was mixing in with the longing, it was something else, a feeling deep inside him that Bucky couldn’t quite pinpoint, but it made him feel like he just wanted to protect the small man standing in front of him with every part of his being.
“I don’t think there is any, at least when I was looking through the cabinets last night.”
Bucky then handed a bowl to Steve and then grabbed one for himself. They all sat down around the small plastic folding table and ate in comfortable silence.
Bucky was the first to wake up in the morning and he looked around him sighing in relief. His dream after the nightmare was true, he was finally surrounded by the men he loved. A smile gracing his face as he tried to fall back asleep to savor the moment for just a little longer.
Another nod and the guard moved to be in front of Tony, who was hoping that the guard could not hear Tony’s heart nearly beating out of his chest.
"Hail Hydra"
It ended up being a small ceremony at the Compound a few months after returning from Montana. In the interim, the three had been falling deeper and deeper in love with each other. Tony kept his promise of making a new arm for Bucky and Steve began to show him how to draw so he could capture memories as well.
“Have you two been causing trouble?” Fury said, the single eyebrow not hidden by the eyepatch raised in suspicion.
“And what do you mean we won’t be working alone?” Tony added.
As the crowd erupted into a symphony of boos and hisses, the three men stood there confused as to how it wasn’t them, but still on edge that this could be a trap and that they were the identified traitors.
“Likewise.” Bucky smiled.
After a few discussions with Fury, he eventually conceded to having Bucky go out on shorter missions and always being paired with Tony and Steve, and it took a bit longer but he was able to pull the strings enough to set it where the three were to be married.
The pang of emotion came back, but this time it stayed just a little longer and this time it was very obvious that the feeling was one of protection. He was pulled out of his head by a staff member entering the room to start orientation.
This base ended up being built in an old store building in town, but no it was not in the store itself, in true Hydra fashion there was a secret door that led to the true base underground.
“Good Morning Tony, what are you looking for?”
Everyone was still terrified by the supervisor's words from that morning to even think about complaining to move things indoors.
THE END
,” Steve whined, throwing his head back to bare his neck, and Tony only had that much self-control.
His mouth was so warm, heating up even more with the friction of their lips rubbing together, and he already felt pleasantly sore as he rubbed circles into Steve's cheek with his thumb, tilting his head a little for better access. Steve squeezed his hips in return as he deepened the kiss even more, licking at the roof of Tony's mouth until Tony shivered at the touch, verging on the edge of ticklish.
for that right.
Someone was rumbling in his ear, a sound almost as deep as thunder that sent pleasant little shivers all the way down to his toes. Tony felt warm and snug as he sank deeper into whatever headspace this was, somewhere between awake and asleep. He was distantly aware of a smell that lingered in the air, something
He hadn't thought that he'd be stupid enough to allow himself to fall for someone so far out of his league, and an alpha no less, but Steve Rogers was a curveball that Tony hadn’t expected. And if he was honest with himself, he’d known from the first time that he saw him that he stood no chance of trying to stop himself from falling.
She wasn't going to complain.
He had a feeling they would be okay.
Tony woke up slowly, feeling like he was blinking through molasses. For a second he wasn't sure what had woken him up, but then he felt Steve's breath on his neck, his cold nose trailing over Tony's scent gland where he was spooning him from behind. Tony hummed happily, about to turn in Steve's arms to give him a proper good morning when Steve suddenly grabbed his hips and held him still.
“No, no. This one's much better. Prepare to be wowed.”
New format! Fucking hell, formatting this took me forever, but I really wanted to make this chapter a little special. Also, did you know the Black Panther suit is called Panther Habit? Cause I didn't. I hope you enjoy this one! <3
Oh my god, I almost forgot to upload today. Bad Kandi xD I hope you enjoy this one!
“I like it. Stay.”
“Playing now.”
Steve could taste blood from where he was biting down on the inside of his cheek to stop any noise from getting out, his breathing so shallow that he was scared someone would hear him anyway, and the thought of that – oh fuck, the thought of that –
The implications are horrendous.
It's time for everyone's favorite person in this series ;) Things will get a lot more interesting now. I hope you're ready ;) Thanks for reading <3
. That familiar rush of release, the combination of twinging pain and overwhelming pleasure as milk leaked onto Tony's chest dragged a loud moan from him as he pushed up into Steve's touch.
He stopped dead in his tracks, his eyes snapping over to Steve. Tony had to suppress a growl when he saw the vamp's nostrils flare as he took a deep breath, his eyebrows flying up towards his hairline.
Tony pouted. "Dash my hopes and dreams, why don't you?"
“Oh. That's – okay.” Tony looked a little alarmed now, gears obviously turning in his head. “So you – you don't feel anything? No physical sensation?”
"For your viewing pleasure," Tony announced loudly, swinging his arm out as FRIDAY opened the compartment on his cue. "Let me present to you: The Liberty Man!"
Steve was quiet for a long moment before he seemed to give in, air rushing out of him in a sigh as he settled down on top of Tony. “Am I crushing you?” he asked a little cautiously, and Tony shook his head, rubbing his hands up and down Steve's tense shoulders.
Tony shook his head on reflex before the question sunk in. “Wait, pelvic massage?”
Steve nodded, watching as several emotions crossed Mr. Stark’s face before he settled on wry amusement, sticking a hand in his pocket to dig out a business card.
“How was she? I mean –“ Steve sniffled, quickly wiping his nose. “When you knew her. What was she like?”
"Okay, that's just blatantly untrue."
“What the hell is going on in there?”
At this point I cannot say for sure. It depends on whether or not the UN agrees that the implementation of these accords is necessary. But after what happened in Sokovia I am fairly certain that they will.
“Well,” Tony said, propping himself up on a pillow as he gestured at his ass. “Have at it, soldier.”
“You have nothing to be sorry for, Steve,” Tony said soothingly, but Steve only grimaced and clung to him tighter. “I promise. Just tell me what's wrong.”
“No.” Steve reached for Tony's arm, then changed course and put a hand on his cheek instead. Tony melted into the touch immediately, and Steve's stomach swooped with that familiar feeling of fondness. “Stay a little longer. Please.”
New group chat! I hope you guys enjoy it!
“Because the guy was a douchebag and I don't want to give him the satisfaction,” Tony said firmly. “Don't we have anything else to post?”
Tony's cock now, pressing and releasing in a rippling motion that Steve could never hope to emulate, but that had to feel
Steve really tried not to show any emotion on his face. He wasn’t sure he succeeded. “I haven’t had sex with the doll. If that’s what you mean.”
Thank you for your continued cooperation.
“Then I'll say ouch and you can punch it.”
Steve's eyes snapped open as Tony's hands unwound from around his waist, grabbing hold of the back of his shirt instead.
“I'm not signing until we have a guarantee that they'll let us help people even without their say so. And not before Bucky's trial is through.”
“You can't get pregnant.”
– “Come on, I’m not gonna last either, you don’t have to – holy
Washington, DC 20500
“Okay.” Steve turned away from the door, wrapping his free arm around his waist. “I can’t believe you did this.”
He turned to leave, but Steve caught his wrist, stopping him in his tracks. Tony raised an eyebrow, and Steve tried to look calm even though he could feel his cheeks heat up already.
waiting, holy fuck, Steve was
is tight. Tony –“
“Yes.” Steve clutched his basket tighter, feeling a little like he had missed a step somewhere. “You, uh... I guess I'll see you around?”
Steve seemed to feel it too, his grip on Tony tightening although he didn't speed up, staying at that same languid pace. If asked Tony would've said that there was no way he could come like this, from this little stimulation, but somehow it was getting him there anyway, a gradual ramp instead of a steep incline. He felt like a wind-up toy that got cranked one gear tooth at a time, slowly but inevitably climbing towards that moment of release.
Tony grabbed Steve's other arm, tugging him a little closer, but the vampire didn't take the hint, staring up at Steve with huge, hungry eyes. Dread sank like a stone into Tony's gut. “He's coming with me,” Tony said, but one of the older vampires huffed, giving him a stern look.
Tony shattered. He thought he was screaming, his throat raw as his body convulsed in the sweetest kind of agony he'd ever experienced. His eyes filled with tears as he coasted, floating somewhere above his body, but at the same time so viscerally
“Okay,” Steve said, and Tony grabbed his hand to drag him across the hallway and into the bathroom, shutting the door tightly behind them. It should've probably felt awkward, being in Steve's space now that they'd both gotten off, but somehow it felt completely natural to wipe first Steve and then himself clean with a moist towel, scrubbing Steve's come off his face with a strangely wistful feeling in his gut.
“How do I look?” Tony asked as he stepped out of the bathroom, giving a little twirl to show off his custom-fitted jacket.
“We're both good at that, aren't we?”
,” Tony moaned when Steve started fucking him right away, thick and hard and filling him up just right. It wasn't the first rut they'd spent together, but it was the first one that wasn't interrupted by Tony being needed elsewhere, and Tony hadn't expected just how wonderful it would be to fall asleep with Steve's knot still buried deep inside him.
Steve blinked. “Cuddle?”
“No, it's okay.” Tony gave him an open smile that only had a hint of tension buried underneath. “If you want to cut this short I can –“
Steve hung up, dropping his head against the couch with a drawn out sigh. He checked the invite again, marking the day in his calendar before he walked into the bedroom, his eyes getting stuck on the doll.
He yelped at the next hit, feeling the tears spill over because he couldn't
. The blood bags were always cold after being in the fridge, but this was – this was –
“Himself,” Bucky said without hesitation and Steve smiled crookedly.
“It's too dangerous,” Steve said, looking more weary than Tony had ever seen him. Which was yet another reason why Tony should – “You can't be in the room when it hits. If I hurt you – Tony, how am I supposed to live with that?”
He knew Tony wouldn't lead him astray.
“And that's why they fall for her like flies.” Clint shook his head. “Cougars, man. You know the first time I had sex was with a woman twice my age?”
Steve bit the inside of his cheek as he looked around the room. “I'll have to sign them eventually. If I want to go home.”
The pace Steve set was brutal and uncoordinated and better than Tony’s wildest dreams. He barely had to move at all, his arms wrapping around Steve’s shoulders when Steve sat up for better leverage, hooking Tony’s legs over his arms and just fucking him on his cock like he weighed nothing, both of them panting for breath. Tony couldn't stop staring at him, at the way Steve's lips formed unsaid words as he pounded Tony, his eyes closed and his fucking
“Yes?”
The panel thanks you for your suggestions regarding the emergency clauses of the Sokovia Accords. We have studied them with interest and gauged their pertinence in cooperation with other UN officials.
Steve nodded, his eyes closed and mouth slightly parted, and Tony felt his chest light up with affection at the sight. Damn it, but Steve was beautiful. And he was all his.
Steve helped Tony shuffle up onto the table, and Tony caught himself leaning into the strong grip on his arms for a second too long before he snapped out of it and let Steve guide him down onto his stomach. He could feel the sphere digging into his groin, and Steve gently urged him up until Tony's crotch was settled right on top of it, his penis and balls pressed against its underside.
Tony whined, teeth clenched as he shook his head, pressing his hips down onto the sphere to get closer, get
“What do you think?” Tony asked and Steve wrapped his arms around him, warm hands against the small of Tony's back.
"Oh really?" Tony sing-songed. "Name the last time we called without having sex."
“Pity.” Steve sounded less than sincere about it. Tony swallowed hard.
Tony rolled his eyes as he walked past, taking in the entrance hall. It looked just as boring as the outside, which he supposed was the point. A single concierge was seated behind a big, grey desk, standing up as soon as they entered the room.
“Language.”
1600 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Steve winced. “It's weird, I know –”
inside him, so hard he could
The plant pushed Tony's thighs even further apart, folding them up against his chest and putting him completely on display. Steve couldn't help but think that it was doing this for Steve's benefit, giving him the perfect angle to watch as two more vines came up to trace along Tony's ass before they drew a path across Tony's thighs all the way up to his cock.
“Not like we had a choice,” Clint said and Tony scoffed.
"Thought you said no sex in the workshop," Tony mumbled against Steve's lips and to his chagrin Steve sighed and pulled away, a lovely flush on his cheeks.
to.” Steve surged up to kiss Tony, pouring all of his need and affection into it, and after a moment Tony's hands came up to grab his neck, urging him even closer as Tony gave back as good as he got. They only pulled apart when they were both panting, but Tony's eyes were still filled with a heartfelt concern that Steve tried to wipe away by swiping both thumbs over Tony's cheeks and pressing another kiss to his mouth. “I want you, Tony. I promise.”
“Okay,” he forced out, closing his eyes and gripping his cock the way he would if he was touching himself alone.
To: t.stark@starkindustries.com
“Not everyone's going to be happy about this, you know?”
Steve hit the opposite wall with a loud thud, groaning as he crumpled to the floor, blinking dark spots out of his eyes. It took him a second to get his bearings before he stood up, stumbling back over to where the plant was still holding Tony hostage. "Damn it! Put him down!"
“I won't, Sir,” Steve said in his best butter-wouldn't-melt tone. The door had barely closed when he felt a punch in his side.
“There's a ritual, okay?” Tony glared at him. “They have this – well, I guess all vampires have... a thing.”
“Fuck, Steve –“
“I will
He never did end up eating it.
“Well, I do this thing, on OnlyFans – Do you follow me on OnlyFans?” Steve's eyes went even wider, but he nodded again. “Okay. Great. So, if you want to I'd really love to show you a good time. And possibly take a picture after, so I can show everyone how much I enjoyed our time together. Is that something you're interested in?”
“Tony? Where –“ He trailed off into a sigh when someone once again grabbed his ass. With both hands this time. “Of course. Should've known.”
