“Don’t be a brat,” he warns, stepping away and motioning for Dean to follow. He walks casually, and it would take a better man than Dean not to gawk at the way Cas’ t-shirt stretches across the taut expanse of his back. “Would you like to see my playroom? It’s yours now, too. I want you to feel as welcome and at home there as I do. In fact, if you’re open to it, when you put on your collar it would be acceptable if you came in here directly. If you’re in the mood to scene, you may strip and kneel and wait for me. If you’d like to wear your collar but need to ease into scening or want to begin with non-sexual submission, keep your clothes on and kneel next to the couch.”
“I’ll take you out, if that’s what you want, angel,” he offers, dipping down to nip at Cas’ ear, maybe the only part of him that’s currently dirt-free. “Just thought we could use some alone time. Busy week, haven’t seen you much.”
age than Claire’s, and Claire thinks everyone over twenty-five is verging on needing a nursing home. He’s seen her Twitter account.
All that considered, Dean thinks he can probably be forgiven for being rendered temporarily speechless as he stares up into the smug, condescending face of the one, the only, Balthazar Roche.
“Five minutes, brother,” Benny replies, clapping Dean on the shoulder. “We’ll make it.” Benny speaks into the radio clipped to his shoulder and a helicopter descends from where it’s been hovering over the pier. As soon as it’s touched down, Benny’s rushing them all forward.
“No day but today,” Castiel replies cheekily, the front of Dean’s Roger-flannel (straight out of Dean’s own closet) somehow winding up fisted in his hand. His heart pounds away in his chest, but this is the furthest thing from a rejection. It’s a promise, equal in meaning to Castiel’s, without Dean having to say much of anything at all.
Unable to help it, Castiel glances over his shoulder just in time to see all the gawkers in the lobby snap back to what they were doing, a terrible attempt at looking busy and like they weren’t creeping on their leaders’ private moment. While he wasn’t actually attempting to mark Dean as his own, Castiel can’t deny that the outcome and effect are satisfying.
Dean automatically followed Sam’s attention as it moved over to the other side of the camp. “Something going on over there?” he asked, already beginning to make his way around the vehicle. “On the other side of camp?”
Unsurprisingly, Castiel looks at him like he’s nuts. “I’ll come find you when I’m ready to leave,” he says, clapping Dean on the arm affectionately before walking away. The broad stretch of his shoulders filling Dean’s vision has him flashing back to the way Cas manhandled that guy, and once again, Dean’s mentally substituting himself into the scenario. Except, in his daydream Castiel doesn’t throw him
Turning to look back, Gabriel saw the thousands of translucent, astonished and angry faces looking at the bars of their prison. He made a silent vow to come back for them once the gates were open, to help them move on. “You’re familiar with this place, right? Think you can find the way to wherever the tunnel starts? It’s somewhere below us.”
After all, the lawn was mowed, the bushes were manicured, and the windows and doors appeared both solid and intact, with a fresh coat of shiny paint on the trim. Castiel had squinted into the afternoon sun, doing his best to peer through the reflective glass and see
As soon as he feels like he’s done crying, as if by magic, the tears and other nastiness disappear like they were never there at all. While Dean was having his breakdown, Cas rolled them onto their sides at some point, so when Dean pulls back he’s looking directly into his eyes once again. “I love you,” Dean says plainly. “You believe me?”
“We’ll see,” is what he settles on saying out loud, releasing Dean’s hand so that he can pull over a chair and motion for Dean to sit in it. He does, albeit with a wary eyebrow raised, like he’s just catching on that Castiel still has some major tricks up his sleeve regarding the rest of their night.
Thank fuck Benny comes to his rescue, showing up with Dean’s hoodie and a pitying look after Dean’s run as many laps as he can stand, lifted
Turning back to the group, they’ve all barely even noticed his distraction, probably assuming he’s just doing what normal men do at a strip club and enjoying the talent. In a way, that’s true. Bending down, Castiel puts his lips close to Dean’s ear so that only he can hear. “Remember, you are not to come tonight until you have my permission. Will that be a problem?”
“Yeah, well, I want this, Cas. Come on, don’t taint this for me. I can’t—” Dean blows out a sigh of frustration and messes up his hair with his fingers, dropping his head. “This is about me,” he tells his knees, “And it’s
to talk to me,” he says. “Listen, sweetheart, I want to help you. I’m not going to leave you or judge you or whatever the hell you’re worried about but—buddy, I’m treading water here. Understand? Tell me what you need and it’s yours, but I need something…” He trails off, tapped out on that analogy.
Dean finds that he likes the change. Sam still sticks his nose up between his and Cas’ elbows on occasion, but mostly he migrates over to the window and keeps his head halfway out, enjoying the wind. For his part, Dean has a hard time focusing on the road, suddenly glad for the lack of traffic and people since his attention is stolen repeatedly by Castiel. The man is pure fucking sunshine, there’s no way around it. He brightens every space he’s in just by existing, and Dean can’t help but gravitate towards him. More than once, he finds himself grinning like an idiot, missing turns and nearly running the SUV into stalled vehicles as Castiel’s smile and the sun highlighting his hair make it all but impossible for Dean to look away.
“Oh, really?” Interested and wanting to show Dean that he’s taking his communication attempts seriously, Castiel tears his eyes away from golden skin and shifts them to Dean’s face. “Do tell.”
“Wow,” Sam said awkwardly, flipping the water bottle lid between his fingers, his lips pursed. “That was so much information about you that I really didn’t need to know… But, uh, sorry about your, uh...”
this is a risk, this is so much harder than fighting and fucking Cas for fun and in the name of “stress relief” could
That’s the reasoning Dean’s mind offers and it’s what he’s sticking with, even as he tugs the bedsheet up over his lap to worry the edge between his fingers.
Dean stares at his reflection and struggles to even begin to list all the ways he’s fucked six ways from Sunday.
The two sat in silence, though Sam snorted when Jack went still in his snow angel and smiled up at the sky, sucking on the last of his candy cane.
has the nerve to underestimate Dean only fuels his rage. “Yeah? Well, strap in, 'cause I'm just starting to have fun.” He reaches forward to wrap both hands around Alastair’s neck, applying pressure and watching with perverse satisfaction as his eyes start to bulge, as his face goes red and his limbs jerk uselessly, fingers grappling weakly at nothing, because Dean’s knees have his arms locked down.
Dean thinks privately, sipping frequently from his champagne glass so that he doesn’t have to try and make conversation with the guy. Victor is cool, though, and Dean’s about to dip his toe into setting up some action later when the set grinds to an unexpected halt.
“I don’t think it’s productive to analyze an unrepentant addict’s motivations for anything,” Castiel muses mildly, momentarily considering the irony of this discussion and what they are currently doing. He quickly dismisses the hypocrisy, though—pot is not the same. In fact, smoking has been significantly helpful in keeping Sam heroin-free when his urges are particularly bad. “However, I do think it’s safe to say that Sam could use some new friends.”
“Cher, he’s washed and sorted every piece of linen we have in this entire building. Maybe the whole city, I dunno. Towels, bedsheets, dishrags—you name it, Feathers has folded it. Twice. Something’s going on with your boy. Better go find and fix it before he figures out he can’t fold his way back to sanity and has a full-on breakdown in my bunkroom.”
either. And honestly,” Claire abruptly stops walking a few paces in front of him and whirls around, face hard. “If that’s all you’re here for, then you should go home.”
Holding out a hand to each of them in turn, Brady shakes it reluctantly before wiping his hand on his coat and Christian slaps it so hard Dean’s palm turns red.
When Dean shifts his way, pausing to flick on the light to the living room, Castiel’s eyes are glued to his trigger finger. As expected, Dean is a perfect case study in discipline, his pointer finger barely twitching. Caught by surprise, he
and planning to have sex with Cas (sometimes with Mia listening and offering her detached, clinical input) is a whole different ballgame than actually
Jscribbles back with some holiday cheer (which may or may not be inspired by some rum and coke, who even knows?!)
Dean flips on the fan. “Cas,” he tries again, raising one hand and his eyebrows in confusion. “What the fuck are we doing?”
followed by Dean’s hands shaking Castiel’s head where they’re gripping the sides of his face. “Do you know that?”
Dean’s rage from half a football field’s distance away. Can hear him roar, can feel the way the Vetala is ripped away and then torn limb from limb, pure anger nearly vibrating the air around them. Shapes dancing across his vision, Cas stumbles and collapses—falling to the ground as images of the fight come in snapshots between prolonged respites for his eyes.
, because of the scars it carves into your psyche. This scene represents the ultimate failure for a first responder—the victim they were too late to save, the person who’s beyond their ability to help, even before they arrive on scene. It’s never
and singing his heart out to a small but quickly gathering crowd. He’s soft-shoeing away atop a flattened piece of cardboard, perhaps three feet by three feet with deep creases etched through the middle that suggest this performance isn’t its first rodeo. Behind him sits a battered little CD player on a crate, sounding and looking like it’s one good bass pulse away from disintegrating into dust right before their eyes.
be someone in her army that came from the hospital; it was certainly a place to spread a disease such as this, ironically enough. And
Castiel unlocks his door with his badge and ushers Dean inside, closing and locking it behind them. Suddenly, his little work space seems more like a sanctuary, a fortress against an unforgiving world where no one and nothing feels trustworthy or safe. The blinds are still drawn to the interior hall, but the windows to the outside world glow with the sickly yellow spotlights that permanently illuminate the yard.
Somehow, Dean finds himself agreeing. It’s only because he’s been out of pain pills for his shitty knee and back for several months, and with this ceiling thing, now there’s
to me, right now, Cas. I literally don’t recognize myself. I look in mirrors—or sometimes just walk past a really unfortunately placed, reflective pot hanging in the kitchen—and my first instinct is to go for my gun. Because there is someone else there. Someone I don’t recognize.”
On the other side of the bus, Dean looks up in time to catch his eye and wink, raising his hand almost shyly in a wave, which Castiel returns.
They’re in what appears to be a private hospital room, the door to the hallway closed and the small glass insert covered by something on the other side. The wall behind Cas has a big picture window overlooking a city view, golden mid-afternoon light streaming in freely. Dean figured he was out for a while, but he wasn’t expecting the better part of a day.
“We couldn’t if we wanted to,” one of the men piped up. “Mine’s overrun. I tried, back when it first happened. My wife is in our house and she—” He cut himself off with a choked sob and turned to one of his friends for comfort.
Not that he was privy to the other ends of the conversations, but from his secondhand eavesdropping, neither Meg nor Alastair seemed overly concerned. Not about the accusations or the verdict, not about the investigation or the threat to their jobs. It wasn’t a great sign, in Castiel’s opinion, but they also didn’t know his plans.
Deflated, Sam sits back and raises his hands in defeat. “You know what? Fine, Dean. I was trying to be supportive, but if that’s how you want to act—”
“Hey,” he soothes, letting Castiel octopus his limbs around him and returning the gesture by wrapping one arm tightly around his back, his other hand cupping Cas’ head. “Hey, shh. It’s alright. I’m here, Cas. I’m here. Cas, I’m so sorry,” he murmurs into Castiel’s ear, feeling the way his friend’s body shakes beneath his hands. “I’m so, so sorry. I should’ve checked my phone. There’s no excuse, I didn’t even think—”
But this is Castiel’s Hail Mary pass. There’s no other way forward, not that he can see. Dean is firmly uninterested in either handouts or being treated (as he puts it) “like a sugar baby,” nor is there any way for him to renovate and make his shop safe without Castiel’s help. Nor should he be asked to leave it behind. Meeting Dean midway is a thing Castiel has been doing for months now, but there just
Unfurling the note, Dean reads the familiar cursive scrawl and can’t help it; he sighs. Normally, he tries to keep a more blank, devil-may-care attitude, but Crowley’s antics are
,” Dean continues, lifting the black comforter with its yellow Batman logo plastered across the front to check out the sheets approvingly. “Damn, Cas. And here I was, thinking you couldn’t be more perfect.”
damn day of the year and he’s been “on” with no outlet for nearly an entire week—it’s not crazy to want to take ten minutes with his husband to relax a little.
“I WANNA GO HOME!” Dean wailed, his hands shaking around the steering wheel as the fucking sleigh wobbled around in the air, soaring through the sky and weaving up and down through the clouds. “FUCK THIS, I ACCEPT MY FATE AS KRAMPUS—”
The drawers behind Dean slammed shut as he jumped back into them, shocked when Tiny mewed and lifted his large head, blinking bearily.
“Shit, Dean,” Castiel gasped out against sweaty skin, the rare curse just pushing Dean further toward the edge. “Oh, oh—
calling Dean on the carpet for his moody bullshit and instead bringing him meals from the mess and all but spoon-feeding him with airplane sounds.
" He cut his own words off this time and paused before breaking into hysterical laughter, presumably at his own terrible pun, but neither Sam nor Dean so much as cracked a smile. Castiel sobered quickly and aggressively poked Dean in the chest again. “I don’t need your help, Dean. Let’s go.”
Working his jaw, Dean stares Castiel down for a long moment before his face crumples and tears spill over, tracking wetly and silently down his cheeks. The rugburn on the right side of his face looks much more pronounced as the skin around it reddens with Dean’s internal struggle to fight to suppress his emotions.
The ride to the hospital is short, but Sam has calmed substantially by the time the ambulance is backing up to the emergency room doors. By the time the medics are pulling the stretcher out, he’s downright subdued, averting his eyes from everyone and worrying the thin sheet that’s covering him between his fingers.
He asks Charlie about it while they’re packing up their mats and reapplying blockers, and she looks at him like he’s crazy. “Dean, you just spent the better part of thirty minutes bent over with America’s Favorite Ass waving high in the air. I’d be worried if there was
Dean opened and closed his mouth like a goldfish for a few seconds, confusion puckering his forehead. “You hid it there when I gave it to you?”
“You take that name of yours really seriously,” Dean murmurs, but it doesn’t sound as if he’s poking fun. It seems like he’s genuinely fascinated, so Castiel just shrugs and continues enjoying his reactions. “What about this?” Dean asks, touching the pads of his fingers to Castiel’s left bicep, where the words “pray it won’t fade away” wrap in a circle around the image of a photorealistic compass.
Dean still has in front of him, or something completely else, Dean’s normal protests die on his tongue. “Thanks,” he replies weakly. “I—yea. Cas is great.” He’s saved from having to say anything further by their radios activating, letting them know the team is ready to bring them up.
The rest of their days are a mix of whatever “workshop” or “emotional growth activity” Lana has scheduled for the day, plus napping, swimming, confessionals, and just hanging out. Lunch is almost always a group activity, one that frequently devolves into some kind of immature pissing contest or water-based competition. In the afternoons, Dean makes it a point to fit in a weight session with Victor and a card game with Charlie. Most evenings, Cas and Dean eat dinner just the two of them, but not always.
though, and while all Dean can do about it is grab at his own arms, he has to stop himself from pushing back into the sensation.
But this—this long walk down super-heated patio pavers that Dean can almost feel through his sandals, this trek towards a group of strangers he’s signed up to literally screw on camera for money—this is the
me?” Dean bursts out. “Okay first of all—” He holds up one finger and closes his eyes. When he opens them, he glances down over his body and fist pumps in excitement. His Texas Ranger outfit from when they worked that case in Tombstone, complete with cowboy boots and hat, is
is the boss and none of them have any say in what he chooses to do with his time. For his part, Castiel has no regrets. He’s lived his whole life doing the
He tells Castiel that he’s headed there anyway to pick up his paycheck, that if Castiel doesn’t mind, he’ll bring the repaired vehicle by the house later on in the afternoon. Before the reminder, Castiel had forgotten that Dean made previous plans to discuss with Naomi the catering he’s doing for their big Christmas party later this week. He tries not to appear
It doesn’t hurt that Cas’ hands are touching his face, running over his biceps, his arms drifting across Dean’s shoulders and teasing around his waist. Cas
No one is taking the hint. Previously frustrating but abruptly an incredible relief, since when Castiel opens the door he finds the literal thing he was trying to prevent waiting on the other side. His heart sinks. Claire is standing (
to do with the fact that the man makes moon eyes at Dean whenever no one is looking. Or the way Dean seems unusually comfortable around him in return, the way they swap inside jokes and playful shoves, a private handshake that clearly took both time and effort to develop and learn.
Castiel swallows hard and fights against a desert-dry mouth to greet his visitor, who is dressed casually and holding a bottle of wine with a bow on it.
“Dinner was interesting,” Cas says coyly. “Meg is…a character. I think it’s very clear that she was brought here to sow chaos, but nonetheless, I find her somewhat charming.” Dean’s heart sinks. “But she isn’t you.” Okay, now it’s in his throat. Cas looks up, pins Dean with his steely gaze. “We did speak, and we did make a connection. I had the opportunity to kiss her, and I declined.”
Dean smacks his arm. “A man is dead,” he protests, equally unable to swallow his grin. “You can’t—it’s
universe, Dean is written as a mechanic, a baker, or a fireman. Castiel is often a CEO of some kind, a rich and tactless asshole, or a creature with tentacles. None of those he minds so much, but there do exist a disturbing number of tales where Castiel is a prostitute or drug addict—he’s not as much a fan of those. He
As if things weren’t bad enough, Dean’s hand slipped from the wall as a whole new set of problems abruptly arose in his abdomen. “
included. Cas is just goddamn lucky his little grace-sacrifice and subsequent vacation to the Empty did what it was supposed to do, eliminating Chuck and Amara like he’d hoped.
Dean barks a depressed little laugh, raising his watery eyes to the wrecked ceiling and blinking wildly until tears track down his cheeks on the inside of his mask.
“Put your clothes on,” Dean says gruffly, shoving the smushed bundle he’s still cradling into Cas’ arms before turning on his heel. “Then I’m gonna feed you, and teach you how to not be a useless waste of space when you have a problem you can’t throw money at.”
“Go Lights, spotlight mark four on Roger, mark two on Mimi,” he says into his headset. He’s pleasantly surprised when the corresponding beams appears exactly on cue, one to follow Dean as he walks away, the other showcasing Pam alone and lit from above. Charlie’s on point tonight (or possibly that’s Kevin, acting like a responsible adult for once, and therefore not requiring Charlie to babysit him).
Down to business: for those who have followed my other smutty WIPs, you know there are usually *two* sections of chapter warnings when the update is explicit! If you normally scroll past chapter warnings but would *not* scroll past specific SEX tags, please take note below. I'll put them first.
There’s still Jack. Castiel nearly forgot with everything that’s transpired, but as soon as he remembers, he’s closing his eyes and speaking to his deity of a son with fervor.
That’s generally what she’s doing any time he dares to enter her space, anyway—no actual “meanness” required.
In fact, Castiel’s gone out of his way to ensure that Dean thinks he wants the exact opposite, hasn’t he?
“Good,” Castiel acknowledges with a smile and another squeeze to Dean’s ass before he steps away definitively. “Then retrieve your plug from the drawer, go into the bathroom, clean yourself up, and get ready. I expect those panties to be on underneath your jeans when you’re done.”
Finishing off the juice, Dean leaves it on the side table and turns into Castiel’s chest, tucking himself into the man’s side without shame or hesitation. Fuck it, Dean’s starting to get the hang of this give and take thing, and after last night, he’s not about to set himself up for major drop. If Cas is willing then Dean’s going to take what he needs, and what he needs right now are some extremely unmanly cuddles. It’s just a fact, and he’s too damn tired to pretend that it’s not.
to discuss with this man. They couldn’t be from more different worlds, couldn’t have less in common. And yet, they’ve been firing the typical first date questions back and forth without pause or any actual awkwardness at all. They hit the lighter stuff first, obviously—turns out they both like classic rock—but wound up trading stories about first concerts and favorite teenage angst songs. It didn’t stop there, though—they delved easily into childhood anecdotes and all kinds of other bullshit that Dean hasn’t talked to a stranger about in years, maybe ever.
In the end, their lists were surprisingly (or perhaps not, considering) compatible, and whether anything had actually changed between them or not because of their little activity, Castiel didn’t care. He
“I haven’t, but then, I’m not the one who spent millenia on Earth pretending to be a pagan trickster god. Can’t your devious little mind think of some trick to turn the tables?”
Work on the Money Pit is completed less than a week before Sam has to head back to the city for school. Jess took off for her and Sam’s shared apartment a few weeks prior, so it’s just been the three of them for a little while now. Dean and Cas’ friends still show up almost daily to help with finishing touches, and on the night they dub the place finished for good (boxes moved, furniture in place, and food in the cabinets), everyone packs the house for an awesome party.
A flash of blinding, Heavenly light crackles the air around them like electricity, prickling the hairs on the back of his neck. Hell and Grace have never gotten along, so that’s not particularly surprising.
Balthazar kept staring at Castiel, shaking his head lightly. “Cassie, Cassie, Cassie. Is this any way to treat the friend you killed? Not even a hug?”
Dean was back to picking at his blanket, but he did look relieved. “I just—Cas, I don’t want you to see me differently. When I’m all healed up and blowing you in the shower, I don’t want you flashing back on washing my ass in a shower chair meant for eighty-year-olds in nursing homes.”
Twenty minutes later had him returning to Dean’s side with a clipboard stolen from one of the ambulances and two matching hand-written lists clipped to it. He passed one over to Dean and asked, “What do you think?”
“Always trying to get me naked,” Dean says with a smirk, and Castiel responds by dragging a thumb over his lips, which Dean promptly bites teasingly. “I missed you.”
Castiel puts Medic Two responding as Charlie gets them back out on the road, flipping on their lights and sirens and putting the pedal to the floor. Over text message, Jody and Castiel decide to request two other ambulances from the county to come and assist. There’s always a possibility they won’t need them, but it’s always better to have too many hands and send them home than to have too many patients and not enough help.
“Still cold,” Dean declares triumphantly as he swishes his fingers in the bottle’s wake, eventually plunging his entire hand in to fish something else out.
“Uh-huh. I’m sure. Photographer is here, by the way, and whatever “getting ready” you two are doing isn’t something I was looking to capture for the wedding scrapbook so, if you wouldn’t mind…”
“Great,” Alicia scoffs, sinking down into the couch again. “Well, we all might as well get our rocks off tonight, since these two can’t keep their hands off of each other for more than two minutes, never mind a whole ass night in a private room.”
In his arms, Dean is much weaker than his attitude would let on, which is not surprising to Castiel in the least. He clings hard with struggling muscles and fingers that scrabble for purchase at the fabric of the shirt on Castiel’s back, but there’s no debate about who is doing the heavy lifting. It’s already hot inside the train car, and Dean’s face pressed to the inside of his neck, breathing stifling, recycled air straight onto his skin as he plasters himself to the length of Castiel’s body is no picnic.
Sam glances up and meets Castiel’s eyes—he’s clearly panicking and unable to think clearly enough to make any decisions. “Dean,” Castiel says quietly, touching Dean’s elbow where he’s down on one knee next to him. Dean’s brow is furrowed and he looks nearly as lost as he did when it was Sam unconscious on the ground. Jess still hasn’t stirred. “You should go with your brother,” Castiel prompts. “He needs you.”
Dean squinted at him, opening his mouth, probably to give Castiel a sarcastic answer, but Sam cut him off. “Can you please just come? The faster we go, the faster we can know what’s up and get it over with.”
least, they accomplished what they set out to do—blow off some steam, shed some stress, help each other relax and get more quality rest and relaxation. That, at least, Castiel feels he can be proud of. He just hopes it was enough to inspire Dean to want to do it again.
“And don’t you forget it,” Billie replies, finger in the air as she strides out of his office, disappearing as quickly as she came, the door falling shut behind her.
Worse, it’s not as if these things are job-related expectations, they’re just activities Dean does on his own, because he
interests and inclinations difficult, and for the most part, their non-platonic relationship ended up temporarily shelved.
press the red button. Trust me, Cas—that option? Wouldn’t help. Might delay the pain for a little while, but then when it comes, it’s guaranteed to be way worse. And hey, most of what I do ain’t all that painful. Not lookin’ to trade it for a bunch of perpetually broken ribs.”
“Ew,” Claire remarks, waving her hand in front of her nose and stepping emphatically towards the other side of the sidewalk as they walk. “Can you not, like, drool over Dean that way when I’m standing right beside you?”
And, of course, there’s always the chance that the police will show up, too. If they’re particularly pissed about today’s protest, Dean wouldn’t put it past them to raid Skid Row just for fun, snatching up tents and burning people’s meager property, just for kicks.
Charging the generators is next on his list. Dean decides to kill two birds with one stone and hit the solar charging station that also houses his radio equipment. Early on, he’d managed to rig up one of the natural power stations to continuously supply a basic radio setup that would then transmit a simple message on a loop.
crumb.” He pauses, ignoring the way Anna looks positively entertained by his misery, and faces Naomi. “I like Dean,” he admits. “We—we get along well. You were right.”
So Dean talks and Mia listens, and while at first nothing gets better, the world keeps turning and Cas doesn’t leave or kick him to the curb. Change is slow but constant, and Dean doesn’t necessarily realize it’s occurring until one day, something is different.
Without warning, there’s a loud knock at Dean’s bedroom door and Sam’s voice filters in from the other side. “The walls are
As Castiel stomped from the room with his blood boiling, Alastair’s laugh chased after him down the empty hall. He was glad the man couldn’t see his involuntary shiver.
It’s a feeling that’s beyond words—and it’s not until they’re both settled with pastries and bagels at the crappy breakfast bar, fake-marble laminate peeling worse than Dean remembers at one corner, that Sam breaks the quiet. “I’m really sorry, Dean,” he blurts out, putting his coffee mug down a little too forcefully.
for having kicked him to the curb. The circle of life was complete, and Castiel had transformed into a lowly creature of the muck.
“The Bay,” his shitty lawyer piped up in suggestion, virtually the only thing he’d said on Dean’s behalf by that point. The judge hesitated, prompting a subsequent bit of bickering back and forth between all parties. The Gift threw out some legalese Dean didn’t understand, the D.A. relented, and then it was done. The judge shrugged and consented, smacking his gavel and stamping the paperwork through, and now, Dean’s ass belongs to the Bay.
Castiel and Jack were already waiting outside, and they both looked ridiculous in their own right. Jack was undoubtedly cold with just the leather jacket as coverage for his torso, but he seemed to be compensating for the lack of heat by bouncing in place and shivering. Castiel, on the other hand, didn't look cold at all, despite the fact that he was in nothing but one of Dean's t-shirts and a pair of his own jeans. Snow was already dusting his hair and his vessel was reacting to the cold by blotting pink over his nose, making his eyes brighter than ever.
“I didn’t start shit,” Dean retorts, and he’s not exactly wrong, there. “But you’re right. Hey, lucky you—get to lay around doing nothing for another hour at least before you gotta get moving. You’re already home.”
“Don’t you think if there was a God, he would have stepped in a hell of a lot sooner? Let me tell you ‘bout your God’s plan, Cas. Six billion people on earth when the infection hit, KV had a ninety-percent kill rate. That’s five point four
There are tons and tons of additional visitors, far more than the ones who would’ve made Dean’s shortlist. Endless groups of people that he helped at one time or another and people he wasn’t able to. Friends,
“No, Dean,” he says firmly. “I’m not looking for your sympathy, or whatever. I fucked up. Christian is family and he’s done a lot for me, but I never should have let those things overshadow what a goddamn
“This is the worst,” Dean adds, when Castiel doesn’t rise to his bait, letting his head loll back dramatically against the pillow behind him. To be fair, Castiel doesn’t disagree, especially regarding the misuse of BDSM equipment. All they’re missing is the ball gag, not that he hasn’t considered it.
He settles onto an end stool and Dean gets to work, not-so-subtle ribbing by Pamela included free of charge. The majority of his shift goes by quickly—the bar is busy, but not so much that Dean can’t lean across the counter and flirt with Cas all he wants. The mix out out-of-towners with spending money and regulars who know Dean by name translates great for tips, and by the time Dean is wiping down the bar after last call has come and gone, he’s pocketed almost five hundred bucks.
“Color?” Castiel checks in before putting the suspension rigging he’s so carefully tied to the test.
a new piece of jewelry for the nose stud she got last week without permission, all in the hopes that the bribes would persuade her to stay
To his credit, Castiel doesn't flinch, doesn’t move a single muscle in response. He acts completely unbothered, stepping to the side with a small smile that Dean knows Gordon must want to slap right off of his face. “I wouldn’t know,” Cas replies calmly, though there’s a smug note of frost in his voice. “As I said, that’s something you’ll need to discuss with the Warden. In the meantime, if you would be so kind?”
and Castiel saw red yet again. It was all he could do to clench his fists tighter in the fabric of the man’s shirt, to resist adding more color to the bruises decorating the side of his face.
Between those onlookers and his truck, five police officers have a pretty built-looking white male effectively cornered up against a glass storefront. They’re essentially holding a perimeter, surrounding him in a semi-circle but not attempting to move any closer. The guy
This chapter has a very explicit scene in it!! If you'd like to skip, just look for Cas saying, "I just want you, too." That's the end of your ride, so hop off before Dean hops on, lol. Don't forget to go to the next chapter, though, there's an epilogue. ;)
With a roll of his eyes, Castiel switches the remote in his hand to “on,” cranks the voltage up, and watches with barely concealed glee as Dean jerks in his chair and sends Chastity-Cinnamon-whatever-her-name-is tumbling down onto the floor.
They look at each other dopily for nearly a full minute before Dean clears his throat, puts his cup down, and stands. It’s a lost cause, Castiel’s unable to even pretend he isn’t gawking at the way Dean’s muscles move when his body changes position, and Dean smirks openly when he notices. Wanting to regain the upper hand in the conversation, Castiel stands up and carries the empty dishes to the sink before refilling Dean’s mug from the carafe. “Are you off this weekend?” he asks.
easy to follow up to that point made it so the cops were no longer on edge, prepared for him to run. As a result, Castiel was halfway down the block and turning onto a side street by the time his poorly-concealed tail even pulled into traffic and flipped the sirens on.
His eyes still bleary and stinging, Dean has to blink several times before the line of people gathered at the marked edge of the scene comes into any kind of focus. It does, just in time for Dean to see Castiel break through and come running towards them at full speed. Not even thinking about what he’s doing, Dean immediately responds by sitting up and trying to stand.
forget, nor was the supreme thank you Cas gave him in bed later that night. Turns out, there’s nothing Cas digs more than liberating the unjustly imprisoned.
Wondering if Pennsylvania was on the way back to Camp Singer, Gabriel rolled his eyes at Balth again. Was it possible for them to roll right out of his head? He really needed a break from Balthazar after this. “So what now? We get out and drag this thing to the edge of the bubble? Unless he had steam-powered metal horses to pull the cart?”
Squirming a little, Dean shakes his head. It makes him uncomfortable as hell to talk about himself like a goddamn head case to
“Absolutely not,” Sam says emphatically. “Dean, I read the contract over at least five times. I wrote and proofed it myself, didn’t even send it to my paralegal. Do you hear me?
Blowing out a stream of air and thanking every past sexual partner for the practice in restraint, Castiel closes his eyes and hums. “Lucifer may have had the right idea all along.”
Dean shook Castiel a few times, until Castiel nodded weakly and started to sit up. "I-I think so. What happened?"
“Well, if you insist,” he replies, leaning back against Dean, and only belatedly realizing that he’s shirtless. While it’s true that this isn’t the first time he’s
Upon reaching his front door and booting Sam through it, Dean takes one of the gallon jugs he refilled that morning before heading out and eyes its contents. Satisfied the amount is sufficient, he dumps the remainder of the liquid inside out onto the concrete steps he just climbed. Recoiling from the pungent odor, Dean sweeps his hand as he pours, ensuring that everywhere he stepped gets doused. Scent killer is just one of the ways he’s kept the Darkseekers off of his (and Sam’s) trail for this long, but no one can argue its efficacy. The smell detours just about anything and leaves behind nothing. Dean’s pretty proud of it, created the concoction himself, and frequently wishes he had someone to brag about it to. One little spritz and it’s as if he was never there. Amazing what a little vinegar, piss (for the ammonia), and baking soda can accomplish.
Of all the various wild and horrific things Castiel expected might happen as a result of Dean’s suicidal plan to storm Lucifer’s asylum, coming face-to-face with God wasn’t one of them. It happened shortly after Dean died, which, though Castiel
But one thing is for sure; it’s been less than a day, and Dean already can’t imagine letting Castiel go.
“Why am I not surprised? The self-sacrificing duo,” he sneered, and that was it, the three of them surged forward at the same time, devolving instantly into raised-voice bickering and crowding into each other’s spaces, hands shoving at shoulders and angry spit flying.
“Okay,” Dean agrees readily, nosing at the space just below Cas’ ear, breathing him in, clutching at his clothes. “Um… so?”
But the thing is, Dean doesn’t even care. Yeah, it’s hard. Yeah, Cas drives him up the damn wall some (most) days. But he drove Dean up the wall at home, too,
It’s why I resisted your summonings—I knew you’d keep trying or show up here eventually, and I had hoped to bring you better news.”
it. Loves every unmanly second he spends desperately clinging to his best friend while they do absolutely nothing but
Narrowing his eyes, Castiel considers the proposal, ultimately opting to decline. “No,” he says. “Tell
“I may know someone who can help,” Castiel begins, looking up somewhat guiltily from where he’s been glaring at one of the scuffed linoleum tiles on the floor. He clears his throat. “I may have done some...
Right around the time Ellen cut his visitors off, though, Dean also began cutting back on his medications. This left him quite a bit more alert during the day, and
It’s the camera that has Dean feeling like he’s going to lose it. Like he’s completely lost control and he’s
There aren’t any vehicles and the streets aren’t paved—the ground is just trampled and beaten down red rock and dust. It’s no different than the mountains surrounding them, save for being flatter. Castiel figures that makes sense, but also marvels at how little memory he retrains from the last time he was here. Aside from a general lack of poured concrete, this could easily be any blue-collar factory town in a flyover state, or perhaps buried somewhere in the rust belt.
“By the way,” Dean says casually. “That’s like, pretty common info. You can, you know. Share that with your supervisors or whatever. If you need to.”
Starting at the base, Dean teases with his tongue, licking a stripe up the length of him, and Cas’ reaction is beyond satisfying. Cas moans, his head thudding against the stucco, his hips doing their best not to rock. Dean removes his hand, uses it to press Castiel back against the wall by his chiseled hip bones before tonguing around the head of his cock and then swallowing him all the way down.
The next couple of hours are interesting—if by interesting, that means Dean drinks a lot and sits as stiffly as possible while Cole and Meg flirt with anything with a pulse and Cas’ eyes track Meg everywhere she goes. Eventually, he calls Cas on it, just to say, “Hey man, talk to her if you want,” because fuck, he doesn’t own the guy. But Cas just shakes his head and rips his eyes away, giving Dean a small smile and a pat on his hand.
The fluorescent lights overhead in the charting room are stark and violent, assaulting Castiel’s tired eyes as they compete with the blue glare of the desktop’s screen and the backlight on his phone. Sighing, Castiel closes his lids for a long moment, rubbing his pointer and middle fingers into each eyelid and wishing that he could take a nap. When he opens them again, there’s a message waiting from Dean, and Castiel wonders how tired he must be that he missed the vibrating alert.
“Much as I’d love to be respectful and supportive of your proud and gainful employment, Sammy, it’s late, and I’m trying to get laid.” Running a hand through his hair to fluff it up, Dean winks and fires off some classy-ass finger guns. “I’ll let you know how it is, though. Hey, maybe someday, if you’re a real good boy and eat all of your spinach, you, too, can find out how
“Better believe it,” Charlie mutters and briefly, Castiel wonders if there’s something more behind that statement. Ultimately, though, he brushes it off. It’s not like there’s any reason for Charlie to keep anything from him, he’s probably just indulging his own bad mood again. There’s no time to dwell on it anyway, because somewhere across the muddy obstacle course someone blows a whistle, and the class begins. Suddenly, Castiel has a
“Anyway,” he continues. “About your punishment…” Without having to be asked, Dean reaches back to tap once on his thigh. “Eager,” Castiel says with a chuckle. “Let’s see if you feel the same when you can’t sit down tomorrow.”
Regardless, they only have one session left, a long one that they’ve both agreed should wait for a Saturday when neither of them has other clients. Whatever the outcome, it’s sure to be emotional and at the very least, Castiel’s not fond of the idea of sharing the initial reveal with anyone beyond Dean. And that’s perfectly fine with Dean, so that’s how it will go.
Below him, Dean has both hands fisted in his hair, pacing helplessly in a circle around where Sam once stood. Even barely knowing the man, Castiel feels deeply for him. Whoever
Castiel blinks. That’s...not what he was expecting, and the change of subject throws him for a loop. “Um...I am not sure that ‘kickass’ is the descriptive term I would use. Perhaps ‘revolting’? ‘Nauseating?’”
“Oink,” Fatback complains, wet nose pressed flush to the screen, irritated that Dean is outside and he is in. When he opens the door, Fatback oinks a third time before bumping his leg in greeting and taking off, bolting across the lawn and terrifying one of the chickens. It squawks indignantly and flaps a few feet into the air with a flurry of feathers. With his hand still on the door handle, Dean chuckles and shakes his head.
The screams stopped. Rowena collapsed. Cas thumped down onto the bed and curled onto his side. His eyes went dull, then closed. In Dean’s hand, Cas’ went limp.
Down by his knees, Charlie laughs so hard she snorts, choking on the sip of beer she was attempting to swallow as the bartender appears on Castiel’s other side. In his hand, a tequila bottle is poised for action.
While others cleaned up from the funeral and the breakfast that had followed, he and Dean were at the back of camp, behind the remains of Bobby’s house. Everyone knew what they were up to; Anael had complained about her shoulder to anyone who would listen. By the time the body was burned and everyone had finished eating, there wasn’t a soul in the camp that didn’t know Castiel was a terrible shot. And now, with them away from the rest, shooting at tin cans atop a rusted car, he was sure they knew
so badly to run, to fight, but he’s too damn tired. He can’t do this alone, and he should’ve known that.
After eating, they cut a swath through the meager selection of chance games pretty quickly. Cas wound up walking away from the dart-throwing booth with an adorable little stuffed pig, which Dean incorrectly assumed would be gifted to him. No such luck—Cas was gone on it from the moment the ratty thing was placed into his hands. If real life had foreshadowing, in retrospect, Dean should have known then.
“I gotta go,” he says suddenly, abandoning his pizza in the sink and taking off towards the beach, where he knows production has a private table set up for Cas and Meg. Halfway there, Dean slows his roll and forces himself to come to a stop.
Guilt slammed into Dean as hard as that reindeer probably slammed into Eda. Okay, bad metaphor, but Dean figured it went hand-in-hand with his current predicament. That being, Castiel said
The outcome was Dean spending more time worrying about the guy’s newly-fragile body being beaten to shit without his angel-mojo backing his plays than doing any actual hunting. Besides the dirty motel sex (which definitely did not suck), Cas making him coffee in the mornings, and the adrenaline-fueled post-hunt make-out sessions, Dean wasn’t overly enthused by their adventures, either.
Castiel slowly opened his eyes, focusing them on Dean. “Yes, I am. But that was unpleasant. Very unpleasant.”
This time, when tears well up in his eyes, it’s not for Dean. It’s out of pure frustration and resentment that they’re
“What would you like to be doing, Dean? Never mind,” Castiel adds, biting back a laugh as Dean groans and presses the heel of his hand to his crotch. “We don’t need to decide right now. Take your pants off.”
, that was just a little comfort to me, you see; that you might suffer as I had to…” The creature moved around, circling Castiel slowly, Dean’s eyes resting on Castiel’s face so unfamiliarly that Castiel’s heart iced into place and forgot to beat.
Still tied to the candy cane poles, Cas slumped forward, his chin on his chest, his skin sickly and colourless. Sam was conscious, but panting, only having been under the snow for a handful of seconds. He would have held his breath. He would've known to. Cas would not have ever needed to... He'd been gasping before being overcome.
The zombies had been growing in number for weeks, but they’d been worse around the camp, coming in droves to almost...patrol their perimeter. They would drag their feet around the treeline just outside of Camp Singer, which was one thing, but when they left suddenly, as if someone had rung a dinner bell, that was when they were most frightening.
"Damn it, Anael," Castiel growled to absolutely no one. From his position, laid on his back, he curled up into a seated position, his legs swinging off the picnic table he'd been attempting to sleep on. The blanket he'd taken out with him was thrown aside as he hopped off the table. "Don't use your grace for messages, sister. Use the blasted walkies!"
so drunk that he’s unsteady on his feet and Castiel is hard-pressed to believe that he wasn’t already half in the bag during the rehearsal. Everyone is putting their coats on, discussing sleeping arrangements for tonight and plans for the next day, and Jess and Sam are saying an extended, sappy goodbye over in the corner of the restaurant’s private room they’re all currently occupying. On the other side of the table from Castiel and Dean, Christian raises his tumbler in the air before slamming it down onto the ground, glass and watered-down whiskey spraying everywhere. Several of Jess’ bridesmaids jump away, everyone collectively backing up to avoid both the mess and becoming the target of Christian’s sudden uncontainable wrath.
Cas doesn’t answer—he never answers—and that hurts Dean more than he cares to admit. He takes a sip, the beer lingering stale on the back of his tongue. There’s no goddamn
a politician, everything in D.C. operates in the same fashion. Handshake deals, who’s-who events, greased palms and tit-for-tat. If you aren’t
“No,” Sam replies, shaking his head. “They took off once we were sure you’d both be okay. Claire’s been tracking a pretty major ghoul situation down in Texas. Travel time considered, they’ve already put off taking care of it by a week. Don’t worry,” Sam preempts Dean, seeing his mouth open and holding up a hand to ward his protest off. “Coming to your rescue was everyone’s first priority. No one regrets it. Anyway, we’ll Facetime them later.”
“Hmm,” Castiel says thoughtfully, ignoring Dean’s irritated plea for communication. “I believe this is the part where I would whip my wand out.”
less complicated if he weren’t desperately in love with Cas, and getting worse by the day at hiding it.
here. Got your Dean to be willing to kill Sam and this Sam messed up enough that he let Lucifer in, who ultimately killed Dean.” Chuck pauses and scratches his chin. “It’s kind of cliché, though. Isn’t it? Not to mention, unsatisfying. I mean, that wasn’t
of airbags deploying violently. Clouds of powder would have exploded over the interior, coating the upholstery of the car as well as the mouths and nostrils of the people in it. The sharp scent of gasoline and the burning smell of the destroyed engine would have mixed with the copper tang of blood in the air as it pooled with saliva and god knows what other bodily fluids.
Still, when the leaders were happy, they made a fire, and brought out the cases of beer reserved for funerals and birthdays—or shooting lessons, if you were Dean and Castiel. And fires meant hot dogs and marshmallows, which, frankly, was all an eleven year old girl really cared about.
Blinking into a whole lot of greyish-black nothing above their heads, Castiel just swallows and pats Dean’s shoulder again, aiming for reassuring and likely missing by a mile. “I think—I think it would be just fine if you stayed the night,” is what he opts to say.
Dean didn't want to dwell on the past, not anymore. Sometimes memories from his time with Ben and Lisa would pop up unannounced, like right now, and it happened more often nowadays. He figured it had something to do with the family dynamic that had softened with Jack's presence. He was a kid who Dean was helping raise; there was bound to be similarities or call-backs. But there wasn't a point in telling Jack the story of building a snowman with Ben while Lisa looked on from the kitchen window, smiling bright and warm. That was the past, and Dean was just thankful to have the family he did now, one he could share the same gentle moments with. Bittersweet as they could be, he never let anything come in the way of how lucky he was now.
Just before they drop over the edge, Jesse reaches out with his fist, Dean bumping it with a lot more confidence than he feels. As he arranges his ropes, Dean looks up to find Claire standing back at the treeline, watching intently. “Don’t you dare tell your uncle what I’m doing,” he calls out to her as he braces his feet against the edge and leans back over open space.
Next time: Cas is one step ahead of everything, Dean's business is none of Cas', an open invitation, and a hopeful moment interrupted by something very unexpected.
damn interest in sharing about his family and his parents, how goddamn hard life was when they each up and left him. Dean’s not ashamed of anything he’s done or had to do, but he’s not a guy who dwells in his past, or even talks about it.
“We do have to get a move on,” Crowley agrees. “Right. So, the choice is simple: you keep watch while my friends and I throw Alfie there a welcome party, or Sam will be the Knight’s newest errand boy come nightfall and you’ll go down for assaulting a guard.” Crowley raises his eyebrows, watching with glee as the gravity of what he’s said sinks in. “Clock’s ticking, Dean. Sixty seconds, and then Alastair will be walking up with
“Out with it, Sammy,” Dean demands as Castiel appears in his open doorway. With a twitch of his fingers, Dean motions for him to come in. “Sam,” he stage-whispers, covering the phone’s microphone with his hand as he does, not that it matters if Sam hears.
Under Castiel’s understanding gaze, Dean even admitted to having nightmares. Nightmares in which he’s been forced to relive emergency responses that didn’t go well, calls he wished he could have done something different with, something that might have resulted in a better outcome.
Dean whirls around where he stands at the open fridge, two beers in one hand, bottle opener in the other. He looks genuinely surprised. “What? Oh, shit. No. No, Cas, it’s nothing like—C’mere.” Setting the drinks down on the kitchen table, Dean holds out a hand for him to take, dragging Castiel up off of the couch and into his arms when he does. The kiss that follows is unexpected but not unwanted, and the gentle hand on his jaw goes a long way towards easing Castiel’s fears.
Dean’s gun was empty. Castiel raised his face from the ground, feeling hot and numb suddenly. He was probably going to pass out. Or throw up. Either one was equally humiliating. He’d been a human for less than a minute and it was already more undignified than the last time.
“Mom,” he grumbles, wiggling petulantly but secretly relishing the attention. His mother’s always been warm and affectionate, and he’s missed being fussed over the past few years. The house, the hug, the apple pie smell already wafting out the front door—it all reminds Castiel that this visit is
. “Fuck, Cas.” The pure relief in his voice is palpable now, full in a way that Castiel’s never heard from Dean before, at least not directed his way. Perhaps it was close, that time he came back from the Empty after Jack was born, but this—this is different.
” she hissed, far less professional and nonplussed than usual, but weren’t they all. “If you haven’t noticed, Zach, we’re the boots on the ground, here. We’re fighting an uphill battle against a crime syndicate with
Feeling brave, Dean takes a deep breath, plops his glass down on the table with a clatter, and stands up. There are less than two feet between him and Cas now, the closest they’ve been today, and for a long moment, Dean really thinks something is going to happen. Castiel’s blockers are fading as the day wears on, and Dean can smell
Fumbling for something else—anything else—to do, Dean blew out a deep breath and looked away from Castiel as he slid a cassette tape into the dock. If nothing else, the good ol' classics wouldn't let him down like the radio, and they'd serve as at least a little bit of a distraction.
,” Dean said in a rush, feeling sweat tumble down the side of his face. “I have to show you how much I care.”
When he returned to the cottage after his run and subsequent meal with Dean, he was too concerned to worry about his phone. Something was
H2 is quiet when he steps inside. All of the inmates are inside their assigned cells, relaxing or sleeping. They must have just finished count, with the guard assigned to first rounds having moved upstairs to continue with the other blocks. Castiel unclips his radio from his belt and lifts it to his mouth. “Sierra Four to Sierra Three,” he says, waiting for the Sergeant on duty to acknowledge and knowing that the other officers around the complex are listening.
Ultimately, he does do those things—including eating at the bar so that he and Dean can share a meal during his break—but by midnight, Castiel has to face the facts. He’s truly, completely gone on Dean, and whatever honeymoon phase they’re currently in has his normal activities feeling a bit lackluster. It’s not that he doesn’t
“Hmm,” Meg hums noncommittally, sipping from her own drink and leaving a bright red lipstick smear on the rim. It twists Dean’s stomach a little to see, makes him wonder irrationally and against his will if she ever left marks like that on Cas.
sexy. For a moment, Castiel thinks Dean is going to kiss him right there, but then he just licks his lips, winks, squeezes Castiel’s hip, and takes off for the backstage hallway.
Dean abandons any pretense of moderation by skipping the glass altogether and drinking straight from the bottle—too fast, long, burning pulls, an attempt to drown out the swell of something he can feel clawing up the hollow of his throat before it reaches a sober mind.
Dean kept himself still as she dragged the lipstick crayon around the circle of his mouth. He turned his face where Cherry guided him, those gentle pushes of her fingers, that light tug of his hair; when it got too hard to look into her sharp brown eyes he let his own close, and she said nothing.
The gas pump clicks. Dean draws away reluctantly to remove it, and then he’s right back into Castiel’s space as they wait for Sam and Jack. It makes Castiel smile.
Cas’s frown is so grumpy that for half a second Dean almost smiles. Quickly, though, it changes to fear; he sits up and he helps Dean up with him, holding Dean’s shivering shoulders in his big palms.
It shatters, glass raining down over his pillow and the rumpled mess of his unmade bed. The sound doesn’t satisfy anything inside him, and neither does the sight, and now he—he doesn’t have any fucking place to sleep.
But no trouble answering. He hugs Castiel, tight, one hand on the back of his head to keep him in close. He hugs him, and Castiel feels more than he hears Dean’s breath shudder out of him on an exhale.
The thought slides in like a knife between two ribs: Cas’s careful hands and his soft mouth and the way he looks at Dean like there’s nothing so good on earth as him. The way he lets Dean get closer and closer, has never once stopped him.
Dean sits forward in his seat, turning the music down as he squints out into the darkness. It’s really coming down out there: it beats out a roar on the metal hood of the Impala, lashing at her windows until he can’t see a damn thing beyond the place where her headlights get swallowed by the rain.
There’s a little path, picked out in a jumble of crushed shells and stone, leading from this packed-dirt parking area through the dense wall of trees; Dean sets off that way first, breathing in the salt-fresh air.
The dark is still mostly impenetrable, but it’s easier to traverse going this direction. It lifts from their edges, and even though Dean can’t yet see an exit yet, the despair that has been curled in his chest like a small dead animal since Cas left him is starting to slip away.
Cas laughs. His thumb rubs over Dean’s ankle bone, an easy stroking circle. And then, like it’s nothing, he opens the book again, one-handed, and goes right back to reading.
The possibility that he’s gonna walk right by Cas—that he’s already passed him, left him back there in this vast barren nothing—has him peering so close that his eyes grow wet, has him aching to say Cas’s name. If his heartbeat hadn’t already gone sluggish with the cold it would be racing with fear. If he wasn’t shuffling at this point, trudging through shadows that want to drag him down, he would break out into a run.
He’s shivering hard now, wracking things, and Cas must be able to feel it; even blank as he is, his brow dimples with concern.
He has to pull over finally, as far to the side of the road as he can get, and wait it out a bit. The wind howls like someone sobbing. Dean turns his hazards on.
What is there to hope for when fate has already unspooled itself before them, a long and unchangeable road? Hope is a feeling which strays too far from blind faith put in a higher power.
He blinks the nap out of his eyes. Cas is watching him from a small distance away, and when he sees Dean looking at him, he smiles.
Dean scoffs. Tries to look offended. Doesn’t let his leg fall to the side, into Cas’s hand, into his open touch. “I’m not the one who just time traveled, though,” he says.
“Yeah,” Dean grunts. He wipes the sleep from his eyes with the back of his hands, mouth dry, and tosses his phone down onto the nightstand so he doesn’t fucking have to look at it anymore. “Where were you?”
Even now, Castiel realizes. Even now, after everything, Dean thinks of love as a beautiful untouchable concept he may only view, like a child yearning for a toy through the window of a department store. Doesn’t he understand that this family’s love, all of it, belongs to him? Doesn’t he understand that if love were a tangible object then Castiel would drape Dean in his, wrap him up so he wouldn’t go a day without the warmth of it on his skin?
He got up to escape to the bathroom, dizzy. He stood there for a long time in front of the mirror just looking at himself.
Dean moves through the darkness with his hands stretched out before him, eyes straining to see anything that might give him a hint of how to find Cas in all this nothing. He walks as quickly as he can, but it doesn’t seem to be making a difference: with nothing but utter black around him on all sides, there’s no visual cue to note the distance with.
Cas does laugh this time, and it’s just a puff of air on Dean’s temple. He says, gently, “You let me know.”
“I think if I—” Dean stops. Takes a long drink, like a piece of punctuation, and knows Cas doesn’t miss it. He delivers the rest of his words to his knees. “I think if I gotta forget you anyway, I at least deserve to. To know.”
Castiel lets his hand finish tracing the arc of Dean’s forehead, down his temple, down his cheek. He cradles Dean’s jaw for a moment, heart clenching at the sprinkle of freckles across the bridge of Dean’s nose and cheeks, and then drifts his hand down to Dean’s shoulder. He shakes him as gently as possible, murmuring his name.
There’s that word again. And maybe it’s the long day—the long few weeks, months, lifetime—but it has Dean’s eyes stinging hot again, a prickle that in his exhaustion he’s having a difficult time fighting back.
Dean hasn’t drawn him in years, but Castiel remembers the way he would used to do it, casual and quick-glancing in motels smeared across America. The way he would study Castiel openly, for once free of the shame that kept him from looking his fill most of the time, brow slightly furrowed in concentration as his scarred hands worked a soft piece of charcoal over the back of a diner receipt or the blank pages at the ends of books.
He sips at his tea, which tastes less of molecules than it would have years ago and closer to its actual chamomile flavor now. Dean made it for him before he went to sleep so it’s gone mostly cold by this point, but Castiel doesn’t quite mind. Dean had added a spoon of honey the way he knows Castiel likes it; he’d touched Castiel’s wrist as he handed it over, light, fingers grazing the skin under Castiel’s sleeve.
The little sounds of existence—of life—settle Castiel. Light an ember in his chest, small and resilient as a candle flame.
A bird alights on the rocky beach a few yards down from them, quick and light, like a smudge of white paint on the horizon. Dean drinks again. The bird is gone.
It was Dean’s birthday. An hour before, John had handed him a six pack and the keys to his own motel room and told Dean to go inside and wait, to “have fun, son,” and winked at him in the way that always preceded Dean finding something out that he was supposed to have known all along. Dean had sat there on that bed with his palms sweating, and he was drunk before she walked in the door.
Dinner is quiet as the day catches up to all of them. Castiel knows that the spell took a lot out of all three of them, even though it was Dean’s blood used in the actual ritual; Sam gathered the ingredients and set it up with Rowena on speaker phone at the other end, and Jack helped to recite the incantation that brought Castiel back, over and over again for nearly ten minutes. They’re tired, Castiel’s family, leaning into each other sleepily at the scrubbed-clean kitchen table, and Castiel nearly can’t speak around the lump in his throat because they did it for
Dean doesn’t even roll his eyes. He sighs, but Castiel is fairly sure he knows what Sam’s doing by the way his blush darkness again and spreads to the tops of his ears.
Castiel would rather spend another week in the Empty than let Dean doubt himself where Castiel’s desire to touch him is concerned. He pulls Dean in again immediately, guiding his face to the warm slope of Castiel’s neck, lowering a reassuring palm to Dean’s nape.
Still touching him. Dean’s leg is cramped and his back is cold from the window and Dean says, “Can you tell me how long it’ll take before I meet you for real?”
Every part of Dean’s being longs to reach out to him—but something has him immobile, frozen there on his knees with his head bowed, with his spine aching, with everything he has ever wanted stretched out there before him if only he could lift his useless fucking hands and
The thing got Dean in the ribs before Sam fired off a round between its eyes and then beheaded it while it was down, and blood soaks his t-shirt to his skin, seeps down below his waistband. If he looks down he thinks he can see bone, white-slick and red-stained beneath ripped skin; he doesn’t look down.
“You gotta. You—” a breath. His thumb is pressed up against the delicate assemblage of veins at the root of Castiel’s palm. Dean is choked when he says, “You can’t leave again.”
Now, Jack looks at Dean with his chin tilted up and sorrow in the shape of his mouth, unbested by grief but changed by it.
“I’m glad it worked too, Jack,” Castiel says finally. He soothes his thumb over the seam at Dean’s shoulder. Thinks of the way he’d folded into Castiel, as thin as creased paper. His voice is too heavy in the small space of the Impala’s cabin, but there is nothing he can do to change that. “Very, very glad.”
When Sam had told Jack what happened to Cas, gently, with his hands on his shoulders, Jack hadn’t cried. Jack had said he knew. Had felt Cas’s absence like a shift of something deep inside himself.
sorry this is so late! life got swiftly insane for me these last few weeks, and since this chapter is such an emotional one, i decided it was more important to take my time with it and make it good rather than rush it and give ya’ll something half-assed. hopefully the wait wasn’t too bad!
Castiel gentles him now, palm sweeping up and down his arm. The interior of the Impala is still and dim around them, like a ribcage, like a cacoon. Dean sits up but not away.
Castiel restrains a smile. “Reading to pass the time,” he says. He takes a look at the book propped open in front of him, which he hasn’t really been paying much attention to. “A book on Grecian spellwork.”
“You looked uncomfortable,” Cas murmurs. He drags his eyes over Dean’s face, skimming from his own eyes to his mouth and back up again.
Jesus. Half a decade. Dean’ll be—what, thirty? That’s enough time to become a different person in, a couple times over.
For a moment Cas simply looks at him, unblinking and close, and having that gaze wash over him once more makes Dean’s throat tight.
It’s instinct to offer to cook for everyone, even though it’s nearly four in the morning and two of the four of them are cosmic entities who don’t need to eat and all Dean really wants is for Cas to kiss him again. It’s instinct to lead everyone into the kitchen and assemble the stuff for pancakes, the kind with cinnamon and brown sugar that Bobby used to make for him and Sam if they were lucky enough to be at his place during either of their birthdays, even though he hasn’t cooked a meal for his family in so long that guilt sours the back of his throat. It’s instinct to grab a beer from the fridge and drink it as he flips pancakes on the griddle, because he can feel Cas’s gaze like a hand on the back of his neck, because he can’t quite believe that anything happening to him right now is actually real.
It’s changed slightly over the passing weeks, shifted into a different shape. The room again, the loss like a fist to the gut—but something else. Something warm at the edge of the room, dependable, the only spot of light in all this blurred gray nothing.
There it is again—the kinda thing that should probably make Dean mad. Affronted. The kinda thing that, on John Winchester’s tongue, would be a slight rather than an offer to take some of this weight off Dean’s shoulders.
any unanswered questions may be directed toward the sequel which is going up some time this summer ;) subscribe to my ao3 page for updates!
Dean shrugs, awkward as it is horizontal, and smothers down the urge to cry that’s been building since he spotted Cas. Cas doesn’t think Dean would come for him, and Dean feels like the biggest piece of shit on the planet for ever doing anything to sow that doubt.
Another emotion angels have no comprehension of his cowardice, but Castiel is human enough to admit that he experiences it now as he keeps his eyes stubbornly closed for one, two, three more seconds.
“I know you miss him,” Sam says—just as soft, but the words slice Dean anyway. “But you know he’d want you to take care of yourself.”
“Good morning, Dean,” he says. Something about him is sad in that low-down untouchable way, that bruise Dean can’t see but knows he had a hand in causing. He looks at Dean like he misses him, even though he’s right there. Cas smiles. “Happy birthday.”
Dean thinks. Sure, he hasn’t lived them yet, but something in him just knows. He has a feeling that Cas has saved his life more times than Dean—or maybe even Cas himself—has given Cas credit for.
They were gone for almost twenty four hours, Sam says. Time must run different in the Empty like it does in Heaven and Hell, because it didn’t feel that long when Dean was there—and at the same time it felt longer than eternity. He’s sitting on the foot of his bed, Cas pressed up close to his side because Dean won’t let go of him, and he’s so fucking exhausted that he barely keep his eye open.
Castiel presses closer to him. It doesn’t answer the question either way, but Dean, well. He figures he’s forgiven.
He slips a hand away from Cas’s face and brings it down to where his fingers are woven above his breastbone. Cas’s eyelashes flutter when Dean lifts one of his hands, but they don’t part; when Dean brings Cas’s palm to his mouth Cas makes a quiet sound, small and sad.
“You wanna put those on and, uh…” Dean tips his head toward the mattress, hoping that he doesn’t sound like he wants Cas’s answer to be
After a while, the cold slows him down. It weighs on his joints, drapes itself over his shoulders and down his back. He shakes with it.
“I will stay with you,” he murmurs, lips grazing Dean’s knuckles while he speaks. He doesn’t know that he’s ever seen Dean make this expression—so close to betrayal, but with a sweeter edge. A wild kind of devotion that Castiel feels echoed as its twin, thrumming like a bird’s wings beneath his breastbone. “As long as you’ll have me.”
“Cas,” Dean says. Tremulous. He’d be mortified if Cas wasn’t looking at him like that: he’d lower his gaze if he thought he could make himself do it. “Of course I did. I…”
Cas hands Dean one of the coffees, keeping the other for himself. Dean sits up a little further, resting back against the headboard and wrapping both hands around the warm cardboard.
He isn’t naive. This isn’t even his first rodeo when it comes to bargaining with an eldritch being—he knows it’s a trap. Gotta be.
“I don’t think any of us will have to,” Castiel says. “With Chuck gone, and only regular hunts to go on. Nobody should have to do any self-sacrificing, or make any deals.”
He feels Cas turn to look at him, lowering the paperback he’d been reading. It’s one of the books Dean has squirrelled away in Baby’s trunk beneath the guns and the salt and the holy water, though Dean’s not sure which one; Cas slips a finger in to mark his place, and Dean forces his eyes back into the road before he crashes and kills them both.
Dean feels drunk with skin-on-skin contact, even just that little bit. His tongue is thick and heavy in his mouth as he says, “Werewolf. Got the jump on me.”
“‘What is that feeling when you’re driving away from people and they recede on the plain till you see their specks dispersing?’” reads Cas, low and rough and lulling. There is an ache in his voice beneath those familiar words, and Dean can’t soothe it. “‘It’s the too-huge world vaulting us, and it’s good-bye.’”
Somebody says his name. The warmth at the edge of the room moves, looms closer; Dean glances that way—
Dean mouths soundlessly against his skin. His teeth are chattering, his lips are trembling. It’s gotta be enough regardless.
He is surprised that the words aren’t ashy on his tongue. He is surprised that he feels no anger when he looks at Jack, who could bring everyone back except for the one person Dean wants so badly he’s doubled over with it; Jack, who used to have Lucifer crouched behind his eyes when Dean looked at him, and now has only Castiel.
He’s hungry, too. Starving, actually—and isn’t that unfamiliar. He hasn’t felt like he could eat anything in weeks. Hasn’t felt like he has deserved to.
“Nothing,” Dean says, and laughs. It’s a bright day, winter-bleached, spilling sun all in through Baby’s windshield and lighting Cas up. “Nothing at all, Cas.”
“Hello, Jack,” Castiel murmurs, and for a moment he has to close his eyes. It’s almost too much. The light pressing down upon him though this place they’re in is dim, and the sound after an age of soundlessness, and the warmth of another living being subsuming him. He would not trade it for anything he can name. “It’s so good to see you.”
Sam meets Castiel’s eyes in the mirror. He isn’t frowning, exactly, but there’s sorrow in the way he glances quickly toward Dean and then back again.
Cas huffs a soft laugh. “You’re hardly middle-aged when I meet you, Dean,” he says, and touches the knob of Dean’s wrist where it pokes out beneath his jacket sleeve. “And it’s… it’s certainly not that simple. Though, ultimately, it is you that I choose to ‘pal around with,’ much to the dismay of basically every other celestial force in this universe. And a few earthly ones, too.”
But no. There’s no room for it here. Castiel has learned humanity from the best of them that exists, and cowardice is not a trait that was taught by example.
He knew that he should hate himself as he opened his eyes and stared into a different face—a better face. A… beautiful face.
That’s it. No update on how he’s doing, no questions about Dean. Not so much as a fucking exclamation point.
Cas cocks an eyebrow at him. “Dean, I am an all-powerful cosmic entity the likes of which you will not be able to truly understand for many years yet to come. I am not ‘wiped out’ by mere time travel.”
“Good thing we ain’t in a hurry,” Dean mutters. He tips his head back against the window and peers up at the sky, gray as wet pavement between the tree boughs. Watching the rain come down from this angle makes him dizzy, in a gentle, rocking kinda way. The glass is cool against his cheek.
Jack slides in close to Castiel’s side in the back seat of the Impala, taking Castiel’s hand as soon as they’re both buckled in.
Jack peels off first. He hugs Cas around the neck, probably a little too tight to be comfortable; Cas sets a hand on the small of Jack’s back, eyes drifting closed.
He wants to tell Dean that there’s no need for memorization. That if Dean likes, Castiel will be here every day for the rest of his time for Dean to look upon.
Dean trembles slightly. Here, sunk deep into Castiel’s arms, clinging to the front of Castiel’s coat desperately, like he thinks that if he doesn't hold on until his knuckles blanch Castiel will be ripped away.
Cas still looks worried, but at least he seems pretty close to convinced that it’s really Dean here, and not some hollow version of his skin. Dean drifts forward and kisses him again, feeling spindly and brave, a light touch at the corner of his frown.
Without warning Cas winds his palm around Dean’s ankle, pulls Dean’s leg up into his lap. He leaves his hand there, warm beneath the hem of Dean’s jeans and the top of his boot.
He watches Dean lower himself to the chair at Castiel’s side. He’s lit up gold in the lamplight, the fine hairs on his arms iridescent.
He doesn’t bother reacting to that. He would fuse the two of them together if he could. He would slip into the shelter of Cas’s skin and never leave again.
He threw it away the next day, ‘cuz lipstick ain’t something a man can carry around when he lives with his brother and his dad. And if his eyes and the back of his throat went sharp and hot while he did it, well.
“I’m coming,” Dean says out loud as he peers into the inkyness, searching for anything—a hint of movement, a glimmer of color—that never comes. He tastes the words in the dip of his tongue, knowing they’ll be the last he speaks for a while. Hopefully not forever. “Hold on, Cas.”
So when the impenetrable darkness surrounding him flickers, and the filaments of his heart begin to beat restlessly in the cradle of his ribs, Castiel doesn’t hesitate to pick himself up off of the nothing-floor and rise to his feet.
Dean nudges Cas’s foot with one of his own, leg falling to rest against leg. “‘Course it’s enough,” he says, too hoarse. “But I’m a selfish bastard, and I ain’t ever satisfied.”
He keeps saying Castiel’s name. “Cas,” he says, and the wings of his shoulder blades are sharp beneath Castiel’s hands, “Cas. Cas.”
“Dean,” says Cas again, so quiet. His other hand is on the back of Dean’s neck, fingertips in Dean’s hair. His gaze travels the plains of Dean’s face like skipping stones over a river. “You are very lucky you look like you’re about to pass out. Otherwise I would find it necessary to ‘give you hell’ about your lack of self worth.”
He’s on the hood of the Impala, and the metal is like ice under his thighs. The night air sends a shiver down his spine.
It’s quiet, but it isn’t silent. The ambient noise of the bunker washes over him, warm and comforting: the pipes groaning faintly, the ancient heating and cooling system whirring, the buzz of the refrigerator several rooms away. Somewhere down the hall a door clicks shut, likely one of the Winchesters going to the bathroom or getting a cup of water.
He’s barely distinguishable from the crashing waves, the bullet-rattle of rain hitting the ocean far out from their cover of pine boughs, and Dean wants to lean in to catch his words but he feels himself draw back instead. Draw himself still.
“There you go, honey,” she said. She slipped off the counter around the back of him, getting her hands around his soft waist. “Look at you. Pretty as a picture.”
Sam and Cas talk for a little while after that, low voices that Dean allows to lull him as he sips at the dregs of his beer and scrapes the last bit of cinnamon sugar off his plate with the side of his fork. It’s good just to be able to hear them. The bunker’s been so quiet these past few weeks, so still. Having Cas here makes it into a home again.
Dean smiles. “Fuck off,” he says, and lets himself slump a little further into Cas’s warmth. “Tell me how we meet?”\
Dean types, as if he hasn’t been calling Sam over and over for the past twenty minutes and being resolutely ignored. As if one strong breeze couldn’t blow him over.
i told everybody on twitter that i was worried this chapter is very boring, since it's essentially just a bunch of men having conversations. i hope i proved myself wrong ldfslk
Dean almost wishes Cas looked angry at him, so he’d have something to hold onto. He just looks devastated instead.
Sam ignores him. It’s hard to see his features in the black of night; he moves to tuck the kit back in Baby’s glovebox, moving a little too rough.
“Hey, Cas,” Sam says, a bit thickly. He squeezes Castiel’s elbow where it’s wrapped around Jack’s lower back. “Glad you’re back.”
He’s right on the edge of drifting off when Sam finally stands up, taking all their dirty dishes to the sink and turning back to them all with a smile. “It’s really good to have you back home, Cas,” he says.
Cherry told him he was pretty. She was nicer to him than he deserved, especially since she’d already been paid, and afterward she had pretended not to notice the way he laid flat on his back and stared at the ceiling, eyes wide open and so dry they burned.
He didn’t. He tipped his head back against Cherry’s shoulder and watched himself pant as she kissed his neck, as she jerked him off there in front of the mirror, a thousand times dirtier than anything he’d ever let himself want and a thousand times better than what they’d done in the other room half an hour before.
“You keep that,” she told him later. She pressed his hand closed around the lipstick tube, fingers over fingers, and all the beams holding Dean up shivered. She didn’t try to kiss him again. “Happy birthday, baby.”
Dean calls again, just to listen to Sam’s stupid fucking voicemail message, his trying-too-hard voice on the other end:
Dean turns a little more sideways. Leans his shoulders against the door and eases a leg up onto the bench seat, knee bent, the other still dangling in the footwell. “Cas,” he says. Cas is holding Dean’s book carefully in his big hand, so he doesn’t crease it further, and Dean’s heartbeat is loud, and Dean scowls at him, but he’s sure it melts into a grin. “Cas.”
The Empty tilts its head, a gesture so similar to Cas and yet so very, very wrong that Dean feels bile rise to the back of his throat.
“Listen to me,” Cas says. There’s a snap to his words, but the hand on Dean’s waist covets the skin it spans. “It
Dean waits until he’s down the hallway and disappeared into his room, and then Dean grips the bottle again, holding the neck too tightly, and slips through his own door.
Dean thinks Sam knows. Thinks he must be able to see it, written all over his face, in the way Dean’s gotta drink himself to sleep and can’t go into a certain room in the bunker without breaking down. In the way Dean can’t even say Cas’s name out loud.
He sits in bed for a long time doing this, the blankets pooled around his waist. It’s raining again outside the window, drizzly and gray. He’s cold. Cas is out.
Not that he would. Not that he’s been able to since the Empty took Cas three days ago, leaving Dean with nothing.
“Oh yeah?” Dean says. He forces himself up to standing, and his knees are weak but he doesn’t stink down again. “I’m pretty fucking sure my
It doesn’t matter to Dean. He is like a dog: desperate for any bit of positive attention, drooling all over himself for a kind word. It’s embarrassing how his heart leaps when he sees Sam’s text, the first thing on their six-month-stale thread full of Dean’s increasingly desperate attempts to reach out before he gained some self-respect and shut the hell up. It’s embarrassing how quickly he hits the call button, and it’s even worse the way he wants to break something when Sam doesn’t pick up.
“You have a good time, honey?” she had asked him, propped up at his side. Her breasts were soft and dusky-brown, and he thought she was pretty too, of course he did, but he knew he thought it the wrong way. He felt about her the way you feel about a painting in a museum: distant admiration, and no sharp tug of want to have it as your own.
He casts one last look back over his shoulder at his closed door, hoping against hope that Sam or Jack doesn’t come looking for him and end up putting themselves in danger.
Dean would like to say he’s got no idea what that means. But out of the two of them, Sammy’s always been the smart brother, and it doesn’t take a genius to see the way Dean’s been mooning after Cas all night.
Cas looks at him again. He’s smiling now, the small, lovely one, his eyebrows at a gentle slope and his mouth a soft curve. It’s desperately sad.
Bed ruined, Dean sways for a moment in the center of the room before he lets his legs give up. He sits there on the floor, a puppet with his strings cut, an actor with no script or stage direction. He shivers from the inside out.
. And maybe angels really don’t sleep, as Cas claims, but the guy’s got weary lines dug into the corners of his mouth that Dean would love to soothe away. Just because Cas got sent back into time for some eternal punishment—the details of which he still refuses to disclose to Dean—doesn’t mean he doesn’t deserve rest.
“It’s alright, Dean,” Cas says. And it is. He knows Dean loves him, has been able to hear it in every prayer for years—but even if Dean didn’t feel the same way, Castiel would be alright. It’s enough just to love him aloud, and it will continue to be enough, even if Dean wants only to do just this for the rest of their lives. “It’s alright.”
Shaking his head, he forces himself around, too. Kicks off everything but his boxers and his t-shirt, and then, after a moment of hesitation, tugs the shirt off too. It’s stiff with fear-sweat, which is both a bad reminder and a worse smell.
Castiel slips from his chair to kneel at Dean’s feet. He takes Dean’s hands in his, and there on the floor holding something with devotion, he understands Communion. He understands Eucharist. He understands believing in someone so deeply that to shelter a piece of them within yourself is an act of untempered faith, love and prayer and deep-wide trust.
When Dean Winchester was eighteen years old he lost his virginity to a woman who called herself Cherry.
“You shouldn’t be here,” Cas tells him. He strokes his palms down Dean’s arms and then back up, working some warmth into his skin. “A human shouldn’t be able to survive here.”
“Gettin’ a little slow,” Dean says. He wants somebody to yell at him. He wants somebody to hit him again, send him flying to a concrete floor on his ass—and Sammy’s the only one here. “Used to finish off a werewolf in fifteen minutes.”
He knows what Sam wants him to say. He wants promises—that Dean will watch out for himself, that Dean will snap out of this, chin up, move on. He wants Dean to be happy.
They take a hunt in the western part of the state, and then two in Wyoming, and then one in a little town on the edge of Idaho and Oregon, and then Dean looks up one day and three weeks have passed.
“I’m so glad it worked,” Jack tells Castiel happily. He’s playing a game on his phone, nearly forty minutes into the six hour drive back to Lebanon, but he’s doing it one-handed. He still hasn’t let go. “We all missed you so much, but it was even worse for Dean. Even worse than last time.”
He’s curled into himself like a half moon, his eyes closed, his hands clasped tight before his chest. His coat fans over him like a blanket. Like a pair of wings. He is so still.
creased and bent up, one of the only things of his mother’s that Dean owns, and there is so much behind the fact that Dean’s first instinct isn’t to make Cas put it back where he found it—the hand that’s resting palm-down on the seat slides over to Dean’s knee. Touches it briefly, just fingertips. “Especially you.”
Dean holds Cas’s hand tight enough to feel bone shifting beneath his skin as they walk back the direction Dean came.
Jack, oblivious to the sudden tension, continues. “He was very angry last time, but this time he couldn’t even get mad.”
Sam and Jack are on them immediately, Sam talking worriedly a mile a minute, Jack beaming as he vaults himself forward into Cas’s arms. Dean doesn’t have any time to orient himself before Cas pulls his hand away and uses it to gather Jack in close to his chest; his hand feels horribly empty for a moment before Sam is ducking down into his line of sight and taking Dean’s shoulders in his hands.
It’s a Sunday, and this sleepy little town—down one werewolf, thanks to Dean and Cas, not that any of its residents will ever know that—is pretty much barren as Dean eases Baby down the main drag. Dean figures most everybody’s in church; it seems like that kinda place.
Dean’s throat clicks voicelessly at that, startled into silence as he stares down at the place where fingers overlap fingers. Slowly, the tops of his cheeks pinken, and—and if Castiel could consume him to keep him safe, to keep him warm and loved, he would. He would.
While Dean slept, Jack and Sam had filled Cas in on everything: he was gone for a month and a half, during which Dean refused to do anything but search for a way to free Castiel from the Empty, and finish God off once and for all. And after they defeated Chuck and Jack decided to be human, that list of things he would do dropped down to one item.
Beyond the slender point of Jack’s shoulder is Sam, gazing at them with a soft smile, eyes openly damp, and Castiel’s heart pangs as he looks at him. Strong, sweet Sam, standing in the background letting Castiel and Jack have their reunion even as his face lights up with joy when Castiel looks at him. Castiel can’t help but send a smile his way, warm and grateful; he’s sure that whatever took place to get him out of the Empty’s clutches, much of it was made possible by Sam Winchester.
When she caught him staring he blushed dark red, but she didn’t laugh at him. She grabbed her purse from the other room instead, and then she sat her ass on the lip of the counter and drew him close between her soft thighs, one hand on his hot cheek and the other on the slope of his neck.
and so henceforth the posting schedule is abolished because the author is no longer laboring until the constraints of finals week thank fucking christ
“So what happened?” Sam asks, pulling back. Jack and Cas detangle, too—Dean sees it out of the corner of his eye—and Cas must be able to tell that Dean needs to be touching him right now because he reaches across the slim space between them and fits the cup of his palm over Dean’s shoulder, warm and steady and sure. “Cas, are you alright? How’d you get out of there? Did the Empty just—just let you go?”
Dean swallows, throat suddenly dry. He likes the width of Cas’s shoulders pushing up against that dark suit. Likes it real well.
He points the Impala’s nose toward the coast with the vague feeling that he’s doing something he shouldn’t be, and Cas doesn’t ask him why.
Cas looks at him now. It feels better to be looked at somehow, and then, at the same time, indescribably worse—like Cas is just slipping past Dean’s outer layer and taking a peek at what’s beneath, reading Dean so that Dean both doesn’t have to explain himself and also doesn’t get the chance to.
He thinks of Jack and Sam, looking every day for a way to get Cas back. He thinks of Sam asking him to be careful on the side of that road in Kentucky.
There is a weird sort of delight bubbling under the surface of Dean’s skin, a nasty panting urge that makes him yearn for a fight. He takes a swig from the bottle of whiskey Sam handed him to dull the pain of getting sewn up, and then another, and another, until his head starts to swim. Hopes Sam sees it in the flatness of his eyes.
Castiel watches Dean’s shoulders tighten, watches his jaw go jumpy with how hard he clenches it. He stares out at the road sightlessly, fingers once again white-knuckled on the wheel.
and not where you choose to live,” Castiel says, lightening the dig with a smile. Taking pity on his brother, he adds, “I know for a fact that right now, Anna cares most about having her own space, not living the luxury lake life. You can always visit here if you’re looking for that, anyway.”
It’s not very long before Dean joins him again, and somehow, he looks brighter, more confident, reflecting back at Castiel the leader he remembers, without the harsh (read: slightly suicidal/homicidal) edges The End carved into him. “Everything copacetic?” Castiel asks, aiming for casual and missing by a mile, though Dean lets him off the hook.
It’s clear as day, though, that the bar won’t hold forever. Even as their motley trio makes their unsteady way down the steps, the door shakes and threatens to give way. Heart throbbing in his chest and pulse rushing in his ears, Dean does his best to block out the enraged pounding Sam is giving the door on the other side. The UV light at the entrance to the lab is still on, but if the barricade won’t stop Sam, Dean isn’t holding out much hope for the little light bar.
how he imagined his pinnacle fight, but hell—you work with what you’re given. And aside from all the bombs he dropped, if Dean can get out of here, Alastair actually gave him a
That diversion actually hurts too much for Castiel to dwell on for long. He focuses back on the whiteboard, squinting at the brightly-colored yarn stringing various items and ideas together.
feels is a cleverly ironic fashion to Dean’s back, wrapping arms around his middle and tucking his chin over Dean’s shoulder.
a pretty picture? “We have to—if you don’t want me, we need to stay apart. You should lock yourself… in the bathroom.” Just saying those words appears to cause Castiel physical pain, sweat beading on his knitted brow which Dean can’t help but find fascinating, mostly because he has
So, Santa-bod and elves and reindeer and sleigh-baby and chimneys and cookies and gifts; round two. This time, Dean was going to milk it for everything it was worth.
As he nears, Cas’ eyes narrow further, and his mouth sets into a thin line. “Oh, here we go,” Dean mutters.
Sam seems to understand though, pulling away from Dean to nose at Castiel’s thigh and getting an appreciative scratch behind the ears and a piece of bacon Castiel scoops off the floor for his efforts. “Shit,” Dean says. “He knows I’ve been keeping that from him now. You’ve been here ten minutes and you’re already sneaking him the good stuff. Pretty sure he’s gonna like you better’n me in no time.” Dean cracks an awkward smile as Castiel glances up from watching Sam, scrutinizing Dean thoughtfully for a moment before allowing a little half-smile to grace his face in return.
Dean stands alone. He’s a few yards beyond where Jack and Sam have crowded, with the smoking remnants of a spell that Castiel really doesn’t care to examine at the moment at his feet. His arms hang at his sides, and his face is very pale; he bleeds freely from both palms, reminiscent of stigmata, dark scarlet blood flowing in rivulets down his fingertips.
Every surface is free of dust, shining and polished. The floors are waxed. The faucets gleam. Dean only deep-cleans when he’s sad, and Castiel has never seen the bunker this clean before.
Castiel can’t take it for a moment more. He cradles Dean’s hands, turning them palm-up and running his thumbs gently beneath the two deep lines that have been cut there into his flesh. Dean jerks when Castiel heals him, as he does every time—sharp and reactive, like he expects more pain, like it’s illogical to assume tenderness is being handed to him—but when Castiel is finished, Dean melts. Wavers close to him, eyelids dropping, face set with determination and no small amount of fear.
“Hey,” Dean says, as if it isn’t two in the morning and they’re simply running into each other somewhere. As if he didn’t seek Castiel out. He’s wearing sweatpants and a t-shirt, and the lack of overlayer makes him look smaller somehow, strangely bare. “What’s up?”
Dean rolls his eyes. He’s holding the hem of Castiel’s sleeve between two fingers, and Castiel isn’t sure he knows. “‘M fine, Sammy,” he mutters.
Dean could tip his face up. Could move that last inch closer and not be stopped—be welcomed instead.
Dean’s settled by it, in a way that feels as wrong and as instinctual as sinking a bullet between something’s eyes. What use is he, if not to be strong in the face of someone else’s fear?
Beneath his palms is hard-packed earth, flecked with graying hay that sticks to his clammy skin and fills his nostrils with a musty scent. An old shotgun shell rests a foot beyond him, nestled in the pockmarked dirt, half the red plastic cylinder crushed and the metal end tarnished.
Dean looks at Castiel now the same way he used to when drawing him. With quick thorough glances, a sweep of those eyelashes, an inscrutable study as if to memorize every detail.
“Anything,” Dean says. It’s stupid of him, surely a path to destruction. He means it entirely. “Anything.”
He still glows faintly, Cas does. He’s got something pure inside of him, and he always has, and Dean thinks maybe it doesn’t have very much to do with being an angel at all. Cas is just
Cas is stroking his fingers along the line of Dean’s nape, and Cas doesn’t laugh. “Yes,” he says. “You are.”
good. “But it won’t work. I don’t want him here. I will exist for the rest of time perfectly happy knowing that he’s alive, and loved. I regret many things about the life I lived,” he continues, and there is conviction in his eyes now. “But I will never regret having saved him, and I will
“Cas,” Dean whispers—that voice, precious to Castiel in a way that he doesn’t have words to describe, not in all the world’s languages—and collapses into Castiel. He hits Castiel like a comet hits the earth, and Castiel takes him into his center. Castiel bends his foundation around him.
And Dean, he fucking—he sits there. He lets Cas do it. He gets this soft patient circle rubbed into a place of him that nobody has bothered to touch before, and Cas’s lips move when he reads, and
Dean tightens his hold on Castiel’s hand slightly as he says that word, and Castiel doesn’t miss it. It strikes him dumb, some place deep beneath his skin: he’s never said that aloud to Dean, has he? Never explained what the bunker means to him, and the people in it, not with clear, unarguable words. Dean never knew.
“No,” Dean says, and it’s too loud in their golden pocket of night, and by the way he’s frowning at himself he knows it. He’s clinging to Castiel, and finally he looks at him head-on. “I don’t mean—I don’t even mean anything big like that. I mean you can’t
Castiel wants to tell him that he’s who Castiel learned gentleness from at all. Perhaps another night.
“You’re trying to upset me,” Cas says. There’s a waver to his voice, but still he smiles. This damn martyr. This self-sacrificing asshole, unable to understand that he deserves something good—
Cas’s cadence is stilted on its tongue, wielded like a weapon. Dean’s hands are squeezed so tightly that his nails bite into the meat of his palm.
Dean is standing this time. His heartbeat hurts each time it comes and the air in his lungs is a rattling mess, but he’s on his own two feet, not slumped bonelessly to the floor.
Dean doesn’t leave a message. He hangs up each time before the beep can sound, cutting off the tail end of Sammy’s voice and starting over again.
“Jeez, Sammy, let the guy catch his breath,” Dean mutters halfheartedly. He wants Sam and Jack to leave the room. He wants to crawl over to where Cas sits with his legs crossed and his coat pooled around his thighs and climb into his lap and breathe in that soft place at the crook of his neck. It’s deeply embarrassing, and his skin itches with it.
His cheeks are wet now. He breathes as calmly as he can, shuffling closer to Cas. He opens his mouth to speak, but nothing comes out.
, Cas, you can’t—I couldn’t even get to sleep without you just now, man,” he says, voice dropping down to something broken and low. He’s ashamed and it rolls off of every line of him, the way he thinks he’s in the wrong. Castiel wants to hold Dean down in the core of him, where that ember flickers. “I fucking, I hate when you leave, I always have. I want you here all the time. I’m a goddamn idiot for you. Please don’t leave.”
Dean throws himself into it with a zeal that he hasn’t felt in... Shit. Years. He doesn’t even feel it now, not really, but hunting is a distraction: something to do with his head and his hands so he doesn’t—so he won’t—
It’s one of those boxed pies from a gas station, dense and dry and full of fake fruit. Cas presents it to Dean with a shy sort of smile—and shit. Shit, for a second Dean thinks he might actually fucking cry this morning, over a shitty pastry and an absent brother and an angel who tries so hard to make Dean smile.
He lowers it when his hands start shaking, when the pressure in his lungs is a desperate twist. Dean’s face is wet. Dean looks at the glass in his hand, and then Dean throws it at the wall.
He’s slipping into a fresh one, trying not to lift his arms too high and jostle the still-healing mess of his ribs, when he feels Cas come up behind him.
“You ain’t ever getting in my bed with shoes on,” Dean says. Cas laughs, low and soft, and Dean didn’t mean it like that—not that he’s not interested, he’s
“I meant what I said in the Empty, Dean Winchester,” Cas whispers. “I would do it a million times over.”
Sam and Jack and Dean eat, and even Cas has a few polite bites. Mostly he watches Dean. Mostly he watches Dean, and smiles like he—like he won the fucking lottery, when Dean shyly nudges Cas’s hand with his own.
“We’re… you two are friends, right?” He feels himself flush even darker at the question, and prays it can be blamed on the alcohol in his system. “You and your Dean.”
The quiet stretches so long that Dean thinks Cas isn’t gonna answer, and it’s not really anger that Dean feels, but it’s all he knows how to show. “Forget it,” he says, sharp, pushing his leg off the seat and turning around even though he’s sore all over. “Don’t know why I asked.”
Cas sets a hand in the dip of his waist, the shock-heat of his palm on Dean’s bare skin taking all the air away. He turns Dean around slowly to face him.
Jack squeezes him even tighter, and though he’s human now—he is; Castiel can see it in the timbre of his soul, mellow and warm and tenderly ochre rather than icy celestial white—he still nearly lifts Castiel from his feet with the force of his embrace.
Dean’s hand comes down weighty on Castiel’s wrist, just holding him there. He works his jaw for a moment, words caught up.
Dean is leaning sideways against her smooth black exterior as he does so, gaze trained on some distant place that Castiel can’t follow. He startles when Castiel’s shoes scuff on the concrete, looking up fast; when he sees it’s only Castiel he softens.
“There’s only one thing left to do,” Castiel says against Dean’s lips when they pull away. He reaches down to Dean’s belt, where an angel blade is tucked between the leather strip and his jeans. Pulling it out, Castiel steps back and turns the tip on his own neck.
Plus, with the way Crowley manipulated Dean, Castiel doesn’t think he could ever feel right about doing anything even incrementally close to the same. The road to Hell is paved with good intentions, and it’s never been clearer that Dean’s hell stems from feeling like he’s been made a puppet, like someone else is pulling his strings. Time to cut the ones he’s holding.
According to Lisa, Cas likes yoga too, does it every day. While Cas in various yoga poses provides for some
Dean’s sharp smile never wavers, though his eyes have glassed over, like he’s ready to disappear into his own head. “Hey,” he says with a shrug. “If you’re not into it, that’s cool. Just don’t be telling Crowley that I didn’t deliver.”
He smelled disgusting—like body odor and...something else Dean couldn’t identify, a bit like rotten eggs—which, what kind of life did this dude lead? Guy
a little too happy to see his best friend. Castiel smiles back, motioning for Dean to hand the boy over, which Benny is not overly thrilled about but allows. Benny’s big on doing the heavy lifting for the ambulance crews whenever possible, and most of them love him for it. Castiel takes it as a personal affront to his biceps.
bad, Cas is just a party pooper. There’s some pretty slammin’ parties down deep if you know the right people—and I know
Lisa punches the button to turn off the radio without so much as waiting for the President’s speech to conclude. She blinks across the seat at Dean with a mixture of fear and disbelief written all over her face and his mouth sets into a firm line. Upon glancing her way, Dean notices that a strand of hair framing the side of Lisa’s face is gray-tinged. He wonders when that happened, realizing abruptly that he’s hardly even looked at her in months, barely paid any attention to how she’s been doing at all. He copes with an extreme wave of guilt coursing through his veins.
She was under a tarp at Bobby’s, last he checked, and if Sam or Bobby was here, why would they hide? After a cursory search of the street for suspicious tabby cats or possible portkeys, Dean thinks,
“Make it quick,” she’s saying, tipping her head towards Cas, and Dean finally understands that she’s echoing Sam’s earlier warning. She’s firm, but her tone isn’t unkind, just honest, no-nonsense. Dean appreciates it, almost as much as the grounding squeeze he gets to his shoulder as she hurries away.
rerun that Castiel knew for a fact he’d seen twice already that week. Central Hospital’s media variety truly left something to be desired.
when Jody whipped out the machete she’d tucked into her belt and cleanly severed the pretty brunette girl’s head.
Castiel nods approvingly. “Alright. How about manhandling? As in, physically rough or aggressive play?”
Familial support and affection, hugs and encouragement, platitudes about being myself and my ability to do or accomplish anything I put my mind to.”
Knowing he’d be willing to wait until everyone went to bed to have another shower--Castiel hated being sticky or dirty, it was another vain human trait he disliked himself for, but would need to expect--he offered to patrol tonight.
be focused on Claire, at least. On the protest information she’s giving him, behavior expectations, and especially the “what ifs” and warnings, but Castiel’s head has been distracted and full for days now. It’s not a simple thing for him to turn off his interest and attraction towards Dean, and after so many intimate chats to know that they’re about to be in the
Without acknowledging anyone else, Castiel stands and hurries over to the sliding glass door, stepping out onto the balcony before closing it behind him. This isn’t exactly a conversation he wants overheard, but it’s a necessary one to have. After all, Charlie is one of the few people in the world that know the cold, hard truth regarding the way Castiel
It works. They get through the entire meal and the only fight that erupts is a good-natured one over the bill. In the end, Bobby and Ellen emerge victorious and the only threats exchanged are very clearly jokes between family with love as the driving force behind them.
on the outskirts of the crowd, Jess’ garter gets shot directly his way and he catches it easily, Sam barely even pretending to act surprised when he does. True to form, Castiel just stands there awkwardly, looking down at the frilly, satiny thing in surprise, like he doesn’t quite understand.
Dean turned on his heel and glared at the reindeer. “Well, doesn’t matter, does it? I don’t even know how to drive this thing.”
“To Dean,” Cas says warmly. “And doing whatever he wants with the rest of his life, with all of our love and support.”
Earlier tonight, Castiel went on a date with a nice girl from his church, the daughter of one of his mother’s best friends.
But Dean was stubborn. He reached up and brushed his fingers over Castiel’s jaw, once again bringing his face closer. His eyes were big and his brows were raised as he repeated, “Finding out you
and he’s clearly distrustful of the blue uniforms. Hence, Castiel’s pause. It’s a dilemma, for sure, one that has Castiel glancing between his patient and Donna’s face in the doorway with a lack of surety.
Sex stuff: Somnophilia, manhandling, light slapping, spit-roasting, dildos, hair-pulling, subspace, hand-feeding, praise kink, more bottom dean, so much bottom dean.
Just...nothing. Quiet, the kind that lets the sound of the far-below city filter in, sanitized and muffled enough to be soothing instead of obnoxious. It’s a lie, and considering that this is Crowley’s, it feels fitting. Still cautious, Dean wanders forward, closing the hidden door near-silently behind him.
is streaked haphazardly with blood. It’s graphic enough to make Castiel’s stomach turn, even with all the horrors he’s seen in his lifetime, the atrocities he’s committed himself.
A pain, sharper and more visceral than even losing his grace shot up from his foot and up his leg like an electrical shock, ending in his chest where it burst like a firework. An undignified whimper escaped his lips and Castiel collapsed again to the ground, hands sliding over the gravel. Skin peeled off his palms and his knees hit the ground hard again.
“I don’t like it," Dean says, shaking his head against Castiel’s cheek. “Hate putting you in danger, hate dragging you down into this mess with me at all. I do, I hate it, but at the same time—you’re my man. And if you wanna help, then I—I want you there.”
“No day but today,” Castiel had replied cheekily, the front of Dean’s Roger-flannel (straight out of Dean’s own closet) fisted in his hand.
“Is there a price?” Castiel asks, once he gets ahold of himself. He’s still standing ridiculously close to Jack, forever the protector, no matter how much he’s changed. No matter how clearly
"Dean, forget about it, man," Sam said quickly, sensing that he was spiralling. He took a few steps back and started towards the counter. "Let's just pay for these and go, okay? We still need to get you a suit, remember?"
he’s even closer than Dean realized. A slight shift forward has Dean slipping between his legs, the fabric of their shirts catching and snagging, and
The mechanics alone take almost three months to iron out. It’s hell for Castiel, waiting and keeping his mouth shut, but he holds onto faith that his patience and planning will all pay off. Some time after the new year rolls around, Billie shows up outside his office around four in the afternoon, all smiles. Becky, of course, opens the door and shows her right in.
Dean's heart was doing funny things in his chest, stuck somewhere between fluttering helplessly and clenching painfully. Moments like that, moments that belonged to him, that he'd earned...they made him feel boneless in the best way. Light and floaty, so fucking happy that it couldn't be real, and sometimes so guilty for needing it more with
“You—you can come,” Castiel gasps out, knowing he’s less than a minute from finishing himself and not even remotely trying to hold back. As he grinds down and swivels his hips, Castiel gets a hand around his cock and strokes, letting his orgasm flow through him as he spurts hot and wet all over Dean’s stomach, just as he promised.
wouldn’t rely on that as some kind of marker, he seems genuinely interested in helping to rescue Dean (or perhaps to get Castiel laid, it’s always a toss-up with Gabriel).
Castiel thinks, as he looks around his darkened bedroom and really lets himself feel the weight, the
As soon as the compound is opened, Dean forgoes lunch and makes a beeline for the yard. He’s so nervous that he forgets his hoodie, spending the next few hours cursing himself out for the mistake. It’s full-on winter now, and despite the milder temperatures near the ocean and the long-sleeved tees the prison issues after the temperature drops to a certain degree, outside is no place to be without a jacket.
the relief in his voice, the stress of whatever he’s been through over the last hour making it break. He grabs Benny’s hand on his face and holds on, nodding but not trusting himself to speak. “Let’s get you outta here.”
Castiel barked out a disbelieving, almost hysterical laugh. At least it got him looking up from his hands, Dean figured, even if he did open the back door and slam it shut rather unfairly hard behind him.
The next morning, Castiel doesn’t roll out of bed until well after the clock strikes noon. He wakes up to Christmas music (
distant two feet away. Without so much as opening his eyes, Castiel throws an arm out to grab for and blindly turn it off. Unfortunately, his hand never makes it to the table, colliding instead firmly and with
Okay, so maybe this year he was feeling particularly bitter, but he figured he was allowed. He was, quite literally, turning into Santa Claus. Sue him.
Castiel doesn’t take offense, dropping his head to nod against his chest. “Yes, I thought it might.” He looks up to find Dean still staring at him intently and continues. “But aside from that, I just thought that you should know. Something about me, I mean, and who I am. Where I come from.”
Sam and Dean had a far worse experience growing up than any of the Novaks—and they’re as close as siblings can be. They even carry their abusive father’s name, a burden Castiel doesn’t share, and they’re… unbothered by it. Castiel finds that he admires their resilience even more so now, wants to study how they managed it, to learn their secrets for himself.
intruding at that point, Castiel steps away to allow the fractured little family to make some amends. As he moves towards the registration desk, he can’t help but hear Dean sniffle and the subsequent ruffle of Sam’s clothing as he slides over into Castiel’s vacated seat.
The day to day slog in the bunker felt empty. Duller, grayer, less interesting, when it should have been the most exciting and hopeful time in Dean’s life.
“I feel like there’s a lot I should catch up on,” Jack ventured carefully. “Maybe we could all sit down, eat perhaps, and you can tell me what’s been going on.”
“Fuck,” he mutters under his breath. Uneasy, Dean chews at his bottom lip and flexes his hand against the steering wheel, glancing around like the shadowy streets will give him answers. “God damn it,” he says on an exhale, reaching out to swipe up the phone before he can change his mind again.
Dean snaps his eyes open, whips his head to the side, and sees the most relieving sight he’s ever laid eyes on. A handful of firefighters equipped with a Reeves stretcher, all of them packed up and making their way towards him.
There was some leftover Chinese food in takeout containers that Dean knew held his favorites. Beef and Broccoli, Shrimp Lo Mein, and an egg roll. Those things didn’t sound particularly appetizing in his head, but Dean shook that off and pulled them out anyway. He was
“First of all,” Cas continues placidly, accepting the beer Pam hands over the bar with a gracious nod. “I would
talked about moving in together before now. Seems kind of weird, with how much time they spend together, but Dean always figured Cas wanted his own space. Plus, Dean had Sammy taking up a Sasquatch’s share of the place, at least for the first year he knew Cas.
“Extreme reaction to UV exposure. Symptoms and tissue samples confirm subject is infected with KV. Vaccine test GA-series 391, compound six; commencing human trials.”
“Aren’t you coming out?” Lisa tries cheerfully. “The—they’re angels, it’s a hell of a sight. Once in a millennia, I’m guessing.” She peers over her shoulder, appraising, and then lowers her voice like the group won’t be able to hear her hiss, “And they’re all
He’s always privately thought the same about True Mates, too. Mostly a myth, a fantastical tall tale that Hollywood leans on to make sappy movies and that unsavory mated alphas use to justify cheating on their spouses. Romantic? No. Realistic? Yes. Sure, Castiel knows that
Let me know what you think so far, or if you have any theories on what happens next in Season Z in the comments!!
“If you’re asking whether or not I plan to help your merry band of misfits stop the world from ending, the answer is… maybe. But I’m not against you, Squirrel. You of all people should know that by now.”
“Fine, Sammy,” he mutters, using the childish version of Sam’s name on purpose, knowing he hates it.
as boots hit concrete. The general dissent lasts only a fleeting moment before it’s gone and everyone is springing into action, working efficiently as a team to get their truck and hoses hooked up to put some more water on the fire.
Dean groans. “Flag on the play; unfair teasing before coffee. Though you did bring me some, so I won’t red-card you.”
The cutesy pet name catches Castiel off-guard, makes him blink and wonder if there’s more of Dean buried deep inside this creature, after all.
Without a word to Cas, Dean gets to work, bum arm and all. He pushes through the pain in his shoulder to draw up a dose of the new Compound 6 and inject it straight into the infected’s chilly thigh. As expected, her heart rate slows and the seconds between her breaths get longer and longer before they stop. Right as the monitor begins to flatline, Dean gets a blood draw needle into the infected’s arm and attaches a vacutainer to obtain a few vials of blood. By the time he’s done, the infected is completely motionless; pulseless, apneic. For all intents and purposes and by any medical definition, she’s dead.
Which means that when Dean’s eyes flutter open and he groans, wincing in pain and tugging at his restraints in frustration, Castiel is right there to help. “Relax,” he murmurs, one hand resting warmly on Dean’s bicep. “You’re alright. We’ll get the restraints off once you’re fully awake and ready to explain what that little display was all about, though I believe I have a guess.”
towards your dirty little sex addiction and recent recovery. Wouldn’t wanna knock you off the wagon or anything.” He punctuates his mockery by stripping off the robe he put on when they exited the hot tub, as Castiel shakes his head up at him, eyes crinkling in amusement.
